---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Payback
authors:
- JSmith7471
tags:
- Other/mf
- mum
- tape
- cons
- X
date: 2007-01-30 00:00:00
---

This is a bit of a fantasy story with a little twist to the ending.
It involves my favorite characters, Bob and Becky.

Bob and Becky were up late one night working diligently on the computer.
They had been pushing hard to put the finishing touches on a few stories
for Grommet’s website. The stories were all mummification related, their
favorite subject and pastime. They had run into a stumbling block on a
two-part story where Bob had ended up mummified after he lost a bet to
Becky.

As always, they had used their daughter’s Barbie and Ken dolls to work
out new wrapping techniques, positions and mummification styles. (Only
Skipper and Kelly dolls were exempt from this treatment as they were underage.)
This particular night found the shelves that went around the Computer Room
lined with dolls in various stages of mummification and bondage. They ranged
from arms and legs individually wrapped, arms wrapped behind the back,
legs folded and wrapped, to full body wraps. They usually used electrical
tape or ¾ inch PVC tape to wrap the dolls with. The small amount
of adhesive residue left behind after removal of the tape could be cleaned
off with some alcohol and caused no damage to the plastic. This left no
one the wiser. The kids were at grandma’s for the past two weeks and were
due back in a few days. They would have to get the dolls cleaned up soon
and returned to their daughters toy bins soon.

After about 4 hours, Beck had become bleary eyed and opened up the studio
couch over against the wall. She laid down promising to catch only a few
minutes of sleep. He knew that she was out for the night. After another
hour or so, he could no longer keep his eyes open. Bob walked over to the
sofa bed and crawled in beside her, quickly falling asleep. His dreams
were very pleasant though a bit animated that night. He vaguely remembered
moving around a lot.

When he awoke the next morning, he felt very refreshed. He remembered
sleeping this well only after being mummified by Beck. As consciousness
slowly returned, he realized that he was sleeping on his back. As he went
to stretch his arms and sit up, he realized that he couldn’t move his arms…..legs..or
anything else! His eyes snapped open, but he couldn’t see a thing. After
struggling for a moment or two, he settled down and took stock of his situation.
“Just relax” he told himself. “Don’t panic, that will get you nowhere.”

He tried again to move his legs and his arms with no success. He felt
uniform pressure all over his body indicating that he was bound his entire
length. He assumed that he was completely or damn near completely mummified
at least from the shoulders to his toes. He had always had trouble with
his arms being bound behind his back. Since his shoulder muscles weren’t
sore, he assumed that his arms were bound at his side. His head felt compressed
all around and he could barely turn his head to either side. His head and
neck were thoroughly wrapped also. A muffled grunt was the only sound he
could make. His mouth felt like it had been packed to the max with something.
He also noticed it was quiet and he couldn’t hear a thing.

By the time he was done with his assessment, all he knew was that he
was bound and completely immobile. Couldn’t move a muscle or make a sound
and was in all probability totally mummified. How had he gotten this way?
Where was Becky? Were they even together and still in their own house?
A lot of good questions, with no answers. His mind raced on and on for
a few minutes.

Now he wondered what had actually happened. When he crawled into bed,
he knew that Beck had checked to see that the doors and windows were locked,
as she always did. He would then turn the alarm system on before he turned
in, in case the dog needed one last trip out to the yard. ‘Shit!” he thought.
He never set the alarm. He went right to bed. So possibly, someone had
broken in, immobilized them both and then robbed them. If that were true,
then they were in for a long wait. The kids weren’t due back from grandma’s
for two more days. Boy would that be embarrassing, found by Beck’s mom.
How would they explain this to the police? He stopped in mid-thought. What
was that noise? He listened for a moment and heard nothing. It almost sounded
like a low moan accompanied by a clattering sound…It was probably his imagination.

The more he thought about the robbery idea, the less likely it seemed.
A thief would tie them up and silence them. Why would he wrap them up to
do it? The thief would want to get in and out quickly. Mummification would
be very time consuming. (Unless he brought his own Tape Buddy.) “Just kidding”
he told himself. “At least I haven’t lost my sense of humor yet.”

Time for a new theory.

Suddenly, it was so obvious he was surprised at his own stupidity. Becky
had laid a trap and caught him. She had gotten up after he went to sleep
and either drugged or chloroformed him as he slept. She then stripped him 
and mummified him while he was out rendering him completely helpless. For
some time now, she had been threatening to get even with him for the “display
mummy incident”. That was it! She had captured him like an amateur and
after some delectably sensuous torture, would release him. He at least
felt better now with his situation.

Now that he had solved the mystery, he found himself relaxing a bit.
After a few minutes, as he relaxed, the excitement of the tight mummification
began to take affect. He felt a stirring in his lower regions, as an erection
started. He paused and held his breath for a moment listening. There was
that clattering noise again. He knew he had heard it before! After 20 or
30 seconds, it was gone. Suddenly, Bob was surprised to feel a stroking
sensation on his cock. With his erection already full on, it was already
throbbing madly in the air. Obviously, she had left his member out during
the mummification and she was now going to tease him. This could be a long
session.

Strangely though, it didn’t quite feel like her fingers or her hand,
it was more like she was using pencils or chopsticks in a firm but pleasurable
grip. He went limp and let the waves of pleasure roll over him. It felt
soooo good. His pubic muscles tensed and retracted rhythmically, though
he couldn’t move any other muscle in his body. As he moved towards orgasm,
the stroking stopped, leaving him hanging and frustrated. His cock throbbed
in the air to no effect. After a few minutes, the stroking started again,
stopping short of orgasm as before. “Damn!” thought Bob. She is brilliant,
what a torture. These events repeated about 10 more times and then stopped
completely. He had quickly become a nervous wreck and was now horny as
hell. ( Becky enjoyed oral sex immensely, both giving and receiving. He
was surprised that she had not wrapped her warm, moist mouth around him
while she had him helpless.)He heard the clattering noise again. He felt
a tapping that started at his groin and moved up over his stomach and chest
and stopped up on his cheek. Becky must be letting her fingers do the walking
as she toyed with him.

A scratching feeling started by his eyes. Suddenly, his eyes were assaulted
by a bright light as the tape was pulled away. It took a few minutes for
his eyes to adjust to the brightness. Though he still couldn’t move, he
recognized the ceiling tiles and knew he was still in the Computer Room.
Based on what he saw of the walls, he was lying on his back on the sofa
bed. After she caught him, she obviously hadn’t moved him. He bent his
head, chin down to chest, as far as he could, trying to see more. He could
see that he had been mummified in PVC tape from the tips of his toes to
the top of his head as he surmised. “I hope she used some sort of an under
wrap, or this sticky stuff was coming off the hard way.” He also saw his
half erect member sticking out of the wrapping. The tension in his neck
muscles became too much and his head flopped back onto the cushion.

He laid there thinking over the events of the past hour while waiting
for Becky to return and hopefully give him a sexual release. He enjoyed
the tightness and the sense of security provided by the mummification.
He laid there for about 15 minutes squirming and struggling in his cocoon
when he heard a noise to his left. It sounded like a moan, but this time
it continued without stopping. It almost sounded like Becky when she was
being pleasured. (And by the sound, she was taking quite a bit of pleasuring.)

Bob was determined to find out what the noise was. Slowly, he began
to flex and release his muscles, trying to rock from side to side. After
a minute of this, he was sweating in the cocoon so much, he thought he
heard himself squish. The heat build-up was becoming bad. “That’s it, almost
there!” “One more time. I’m up!” he thought. He had rolled up onto his
left side and managed to balance there.

After about 30 seconds, he rolled back down onto his back, incredulous
at what he saw. “He just couldn’t believe it. It was impossible!”

When he balanced on his side, he saw Becky mummified in PVC tape lying
next to him. She had been done head to toe as stringently as he was. She
looked delicious in the black cocoon. Too bad he couldn’t do anything about
it. A Ken doll lay on her crotch with his arm stuck between the bandages.
Though it appeared lifeless, she squirmed vigorously in her tape cocoon
to the apparent stimulation. At each breast was a Barbie with their hands
under the tape also apparently providing stimulation. Around Becky were
scattered various fashion dolls. Watching? Empty and partially used rolls
of PVC tape were also laying all over the bed.

What bothered him the most was, as he rolled back down, he caught a
glimpse of the wooden shelf above his head. The mummified dolls were all
gone, with some unraveled tape strips lying about and hanging over the
shelf edge. A Barbie and a Ken doll with an arm around each other looked
down on him. He could swear, they were grinning from ear to ear.

End

Just imagine.
