---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Verdict
authors:
- Drakkon
tags:
- M+-f
- court
- bond
- pillory
- hum
- public
- nc
- X
---

“Guilty”

“Guilty”

“Guilty”

“Guilty”

Each in their turn, the twelve men stood. Each man in his turn uttered
the same pronouncement.

“Guilty”

Loraleie could only look down at the rough-hewn planks of cedar beneath
her bare feet. She could not avoid the sight of her wrists bound by the
hard iron manacles, the short chain of 3 links between them. The charred-black
of the rough worked iron weighed heavy on her wrists. Her linen shift was
grey from past owners, and carried bits of the straw from her cell.

Loraleie is roughly jerked from her stool by the hand of the Guard stationed
at her side. Stumbling, she is dragged a few paces to stand before the
Judge. The Guard roughly grabs her hair at the back of her neck and forces
her eyes up to receive her Judgment.

She was forced to crane her neck back. The Judge sat behind a high dais.
He towered over her.

“You have been found Guilty of the Transgressions laid upon you”, pronounced
the Judge. “You are hereby sentenced to be pilloried in the Town Square
for one full turn of the moon.”

The Guard roughly jerked her around, causing Loraleie to stumble. When
she looked up, a sea of faces from the packed Hall confronted her. She
saw all of the people she knew, saw the looks on their faces, in their
eyes.

She did not see a single friend.

The Guard dragged her down the centre of the Hall, fast enough to keep
her moving, yet slow enough for her to feel the strikes of spittle, the
quick and vicious pinches and pokes.

The rough hands.

Behind her, she could feel and hear the Townsfolk follow.

Out through the great oak doors, stubbing her toe against its sill.
Jerked down the stone steps, bruising her knees when she tripped and fell.
Dragged across the cobblestones, feeling her shins rubbed almost raw. Her
shoulder feels as if its about to be torn out. The muscles of her upper
arm are on fire from the ferocious grip of the Guard’s fingers.

Loraleie was brought to the side of a stage, in the centre of the Town
Square. The Guard grips her by the hair and lets go of her arm with the
other hand. Suddenly, off balance. Loraleie falls, only to be painfully
brought to a halt as her scalp burns with the pain of the Guard’s unmoving
grip in her hair. The Guard slowly climbs the stairs, Loraleie dragged
behind, trying to gain some relief or release through trying to force him
to release his grip.

He forced her to her belly once she has been dragged to the top of the
stage. Loraleie’s vision is filled with the booted feet of a second Guard.
She is roughly handled like a sack of grain. Quickly, she is pulled to
her feet; the manacles are removed from her wrists. The Guards grip her
wrists and she is yanked forward two or three steps.

Loraleie sees the edge of a thick wooden plank quickly enter and pass
through her view. She feels a rough pull on each wrist. Her neck and wrists
come to rest in the holes carved from the two planks that meet and lock
about them. She suddenly comes alert at the sound of the solid click of
a cast iron lock snapping shut to one side.

She has been pilloried. In the centre of the Town Square, where everyone
would see her in her shame. She had been Accused, Investigated, Tried,
Judged and Sentenced. Now her Sentence was being executed.

Loraleie fought her confinement. She twisted her head left and right.
She pushed and pulled her wrists, trying to find enough room to free herself.
To no avail. Her wrists had been wrapped with leather padding, so they
were held tight. Her head was simply too large to pass through he opening
that confined her neck.

She started screaming. She railed at the injustice, that she truly had
done no wrong. She screamed madly, hysterically. A Guard stifled her scream
quickly, by stuffing a large leather pad in her mouth while it was open.
He quickly buckled it behind her head. She tried to spit it out, but the
straps held it deeply and securely in her mouth. She could not make a sound
louder than a low moan of despair.

“We can’t have you disturbing the good citizens of this town with your
noise,” stated the Guard. He then picked up his lance and took up a position
at the edge of her view. He would at least keep people from taking advantage
of her situation.

A few of the younger men came and leered at her. Their gazes firmly
locked to the sight of her breasts hanging like ripe fruit, barely contained
within the cotton shift. Loraleie could not look at their faces, with their
teeth baring grins. She caught sight of some of the younger women. They
would glance at her, blush and turn their heads away in shame. The older
women simply averted their gazes and quickly walked past. The older men
were scattered about the Square. Openly looking, yet carrying on their
business.

As the afternoon wore on, she soon was able to dismiss the looks from
the passing people. How many times had she, herself, passed through the
Square without giving a second thought to whoever may have been pilloried?

She examined the instrument of her confinement, at least what she could
of it. The stage must have been the length of two men laying head to head
on all four sides. The stocks in which she was imprisoned consisted of
two beams of oak, placed on end and secured to the stage with supports.
Across them was an oak plank, suspended with the top at almost her mid
chest. Into the top edge had been cut three half-circles, the middle one
large than the outer two. There was a half-arm's length of distance between
the half-circles. This formed the lower half of her prison. The beams had
been grooved so that a second plank could be slid between and down on top
of the first. It, too, had the same half-circles removed, but from the
bottom edge. This was the other half of her prison. The circles met, trapping
her wrists and neck, forcing her to remain bent over at the waist. Her
cotton shift was not adequate coverage.

She looked around at the stage. It was obviously intended to do more
than display the stocks and their prisoner. There were numerous iron rings,
chains and manacles attached to the edges and the floor of the stage itself.
Loraleie recalled having seen others chained to the stage. Some with lengths
of chain, allowing some freedom of movement.

Loraleie soon noticed the warmth of the sun on her back. It was pleasing
warmth. The shadows told her it was mid-afternoon. She started to slip
into a lazy almost-doze. Shock! She was thoroughly drenched with buckets
of cold well water. She looked around wildly, trying to see what was happening
behind her, but the thick oak wood blocked her sight.

“Mid-afternoon of each day, you will be cleaned of any filth and dirt”,
she heard the Guard say. The cold water had shocked her body awake. Her
involuntary jump of shock from the water had also caused her muscles to
move suddenly after their forced inactivity.

Her jaws felt as if they were on fire, after hours of being held wide
open by the leather pad. She soon found that she could chew on the gag,
and so bring some exercise to her stiff jaw muscles. The ache slowly diminished.

Her shoulders, elbows and wrists also ached, although not as badly as
her jaws. She tried moving her elbows up and down, and found some growing
limberness and life returning to her arms. Her back, legs and feet she
exercised by lifting her self up and down on her toes. Throughout the rest
of the afternoon, she passed the time with small movements and short daydreams,
enjoying the early summer weather.

“At least the nights aren’t so cold this time of year”, she thought,
enjoying the warmth of the sun on her back.

She had a most startling revelation. Due to the gag, she was unable
to talk to anyone. She noticed the low hum of babble surrounding her throughout
the Square. She had never before realized how much of people’s time and
energy was, well, wasted with talking. She settled back into a simple enjoyment.
She smelled fresh baked bread, heard the sound of a child’s laughter, saw
the royal purple of mountains touching the azure blue of the sky and felt
the touch of a gentle breeze. In this way, Loraleie passed the first day
of her Sentence.

As the sun set, she saw another Guard approaching through the crowd.
He carried a leather bowl by straps that were attached to it. In his other
hand, he carried a bucket of water. His uniform had silver buttons, and
he carried a sabre. There was a yellow plume at the peak of his uniform’s
helmet. He must be an Officer.

As the Officer came to the stage, the Guard that had stood Watch came
to attention and saluted the Officer.

“You are relieved of Watch, Corporal. You are dismissed”, ordered the
Officer.

“Yes, Sir”, came the reply. The Guard swiftly saluted, sharply
turned and marched from the Square. By now, the sun had almost fully set,
and the Square was almost deserted, save for Loraleie, the Officer and
a couple of chickens pecking amongst some spilled hay.

The Officer turned to Loraleie. In a matter of fact voice, he stated
“Each day, at sunset, you will be fed.” With that, he unbuckled and removed
the leather gag.

“Oh, thank…” Loraleie said before the gag was pressed to her mouth.

“You will not speak. If you do, you will not be fed”, she was told.
Loraleie meekly nodded her head. The Officer removed her gag and dropped
it into a bucket of water. He then picked up the bucket and held it to
her, with her face deep inside.

“Drink”, he ordered. Loraleie had not known how thirsty she was until
the water was before her. She craned her neck and sank her mouth into the
water as deeply as she could. She drank. She lifted her head a fraction
and the bucket was taken away. Next, the Officer lifted the leather bowl
to her face. The leather was pliable enough to conform to the shape of
her mouth and jaw. He quickly buckled the straps behind her head. She smelled
and tasted thick barley porridge.

“Why, this is nothing more than a feed bag!” thought Loraleie. She quickly
got over her hurt dignity at being treated as no better than a horse, or
mule. She was hungry. Quickly, she started scooping the porridge into her
mouth with her tongue. She found that by tipping her head to left and right,
the porridge would flow within reach of her mouth. When she was done, the
Officer removed the feeding bag and dropped it to the ground. He picked
up the leather gag from the bucket of water.

“The water soaked up by the leather will keep you from becoming too
thirsty.” With that said, he once placed the gag in her mouth. He stepped
back in front of her.

“I am the Captain of this town’s Garrison. It is my duty to stand watch
over you each night.” He picked up the bucket and feeding bag and placed
them on the stage behind her. Next, he went around to the steps and climbed
up onto the stage. She felt him place a hand on the small of her back.
She was startled, but the warmth of his hand felt pleasant.

Until she felt his hand slowly slide down the cheek of her ass, the
back of her thigh. It came to rest on her flesh just below the hem of her
shift. She felt it being lifted and bunched up against the other side of
the oak planks imprisoning her.

“But, you see, I had other plans for this night.” Loraleie felt rough
rope being tied about her right ankle.

“In fact”, he said as he gave the knot one final tug, “there’s a certain
lady I’ve been seeing.” She heard him step away then the small rattle of
one of the rings set into the stage.

“I had made plans to spend my time getting to know her better over the
next little while.” He quickly pulled on the rope, drawing her right leg
out to the side. He tied it to the ring.

“Looks like I’ll just have to make do”, and he soon had Loraleie’s legs
tied apart. Her breasts hung down, her ass was in the air and her sex was
fully exposed. She was completely naked, helpless and vulnerable.

She heard him step closer, heard him fumbling with his clothing, and
heard his sabre clatter to the stage. She felt his body heat against her
thighs and ass. Felt his hands on her hips.

“Each night, for the full turn of the moon, you shall make up for my
loss.”

The gag completely stifled her screams as he roughly penetrated her.

18/01/01
