---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Writing My Future 4
authors:
- Julise
tags:
- MF-f
- bondage
- kidnap
- D-s
- nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Writing My Future 3**](writing_my_future3.html))

**Writing my Future**-
Part 4
by julise
Writing my Future - Part 4 by julise
As I sat next to Lisa, my mistress (or psycho bitch), having one forced
orgasm after another I heard footsteps come into the room.  I was
still thrashing about with wave after wave of orgasms.

“My, my, the slave looks wonderful trussed up like that.  Does
it have both a plug and a dildo in?”  Tom’s voice did not seem to
sound as deep as it had the night before.  At that moment I realized
that it had only been about 24 hours since I had been abducted.  It
seemed like a lifetime passed before that moment.  And now here I
was condemned to a life of sexual slavery for...what?...forever? 
Not if I could help it.

Lisa spoke up, “Of course it has a plug and dildo in silly.  I
pay attention to all of the details my dear.  All of them.”

I could hear the smacking of two people kissing.  Normally, I probably
would have wanted to puke at the thought of these treacherous sadists kissing
but this sound just caused more sexual stimulation within me and I had
another orgasm.

“How long has the slave been like this?”  Tom asked with an amused
tone to his voice.  Prick.

“A little over 2 hours now.  It is probably the biggest slut that
I have ever seen.  It is a good thing that we claimed it so that we
could train it.  It would have gotten itself into trouble one of these
days.  I am positive of that.”

As Lisa was talking she came over and rubbed my baldhead.  This
sent me over the edge on my millionth orgasm of the day.  I was constantly
at odds with whether or not they were even pleasurable anymore.  Sometimes
they were almost painful after having so many.  It felt like that
was all I was, just one big orgasm.

“Well I want you to stop this playing around and get it ready for dinner. 
I want the slave in the dining room in an hour and a half.”

“Why don’t you get the slave ready Tom?  I have to get myself ready
to go out tonight.  You know?  I was busy with the slave all
day waiting for you to get home and now I barely have any time to get ready
before I have to meet Melissa and Greg.  By the way, that sounded
like an order, you aren’t mistaking me for a slave are you Tom?”

I couldn’t see what they were doing and it was hard to concentrate on
any noises in my condition.

“Lisa, come on.  Don’t give me any trouble right now, we talked
about this earlier remember?”  Tom sounded tired and exasperated.

“Fine Tom.  Let me go get the dress and the wig, but don’t expect
me to comply with orders from you, okay?”

With that she stomped out of the room.  I could hear Tom chuckle
a little bit and he whispered to himself, “You just did.”
I then felt Tom’s presence in front of me.  He leaned down and
thankfully turned off the phallic instruments buzzing away in my ass and
my pussy.  I sighed a heavy sigh of relief and felt a short little
mini orgasm go through me.  Tom began to rub my baldhead.

“Yes, I think that this slave is going to be a fine slave.”

I sat there just exhausted not caring what anybody said about me or
anybody else.  I didn’t even try to resist his words as I breathed
heavily.  I stopped sucking on my penis gag and I felt a sharp slap
on my left breast.

“Who told this slave to stop sucking on the gag whore?”

I immediately went back to sucking the penis gag shoved mercilessly
in my mouth.  Tom took off the vibrating clamps and I heard them clink
onto what I would guess was the desk.  I didn’t really know as I was
still blindfolded.  Tom began to rub and knead my breasts.

“Now slave, I have been thinking and I realized that you will be gagged
most of the time with us...because we like you that way.”  I could
hear a smile in his voice.  “This however should not stop you from
showing respect to higher beings, so whenever you are given anything, a
compliment, food, orgasms...anything; I want you to thank your master or
your mistress through your gag.  I want you to respond to any yes
or no question with a yes master, no master or yes mistress, no mistress. 
Is this clear?”

I was too exhausted to even look scorned.  I shook my head up and
down and mumbled a “yes master” through my gag, “uuhhs muhhssuhh.” 
Lisa then came back in the room and came over to unlock my leash.

“Now slave, didn’t mistress give this slave many orgasms today?” 
Tom was talking to me as if I were a five-year-old child.

“uuhhs muhhsuhh.”

“What do we do when we are given something slut?”  He was still
talking to me in that demeaning manner.  The horrible thing was that
I wasn’t putting up a fight mentally at this treatment.  I was still
recovering from the orgasm torture.  Now I had to thank the psycho
bitch for the torture, but I put up no resistance.  It took too much
energy and it was futile to resist anyway.

“uaanngh uuhh mmusswhhuhh.”

“What is this slut thanking me for?”  I could hear laughter in
Lisa’s voice.

“uaanngh uuhh whur uuu uuurghuussmms mmusswhhuhh.”

“Ohhhh, what a good slave we have honey.”  Lisa cooed over to Tom. 
She didn’t even respond with a “your welcome” or anything after all of
my efforts.  Psycho bitch.

I could hear Tom and Lisa smacking lips again.  Then Lisa came
and grabbed my chain leash and led me back down into “my room” in the basement. 
She took off my blindfold and gag with a warning that I had better not
utter a word.  I had to comply by mumbling yes mistress into my gag
before she took it off.  She fastened me in the shower and gave me
a quick shower.  She then sat me down and locked my cuffs to a chair. 
She had brought make up down with her and proceeded to put it on me. 
I had noticed a long black dress hanging on the wall and I wondered if
she was going to get herself ready down here too.

After she was done with the make up she produced a mirror.  I didn’t
look half bad even though my head was shaved.  She had done my make
up very tastefully, almost as if she were a professional.  She then
undid me from the chair and immediately locked my wrists behind me. 
She locked my ankle cuffs together and grabbed a chain from the ceiling
to lock to my collar.  She went to get the black dress and brought
it over to me and put it on me, unlocking each wrist cuff to get the dress
through and then relocking them after the dress was on.

I was stunned.  Why in the world would they make me up like this? 
The dress was stunning.  It was a silky material and it went down
to the floor.  It was very snug around my body with only tiny spaghetti
straps to hold the dress up.  The top of the dress was so tight that
it pushed my breasts up and caused endless cleavage.  The top of the
dress almost felt like a corset and indeed Lisa had threaded it up in the
back, which is why it was so damn tight.

Lisa walked out of my vision and came back holding a big box. 
The box contained a long brown wig, modeled almost exactly the way my hair
was before they shaved me.  This made me cry and Lisa ignored this
as she unceremoniously put the wig on my head.  It had some sort of
rubber material that worked around my head like a glove and after that
the wig was firmly in place.  It was not going to go anywhere until
somebody took it off.  It felt very strange and surreal to have “hair”
again after being shaved bald the night before.  Lisa left the beautiful
hair down and flowing around my shoulders.  She came at me with some
sort of contraption and put it towards my mouth.  I opened without
resistance but with fear of that metal contraption.  She placed the
horrid thing in my teeth and then she began to work on the gag until this
wretched thing held my mouth open very wide.  I just sighed and accepted
my fate for the night.  I promised myself that I would regain my strength
in the morning.

Lisa then came at me with the highest black heels that I have ever seen. 
She put them on my feet and they fit me perfectly.  I could feel some
anger somewhere in me by the obvious fact that they must have known my
shoe size before they abducted me.  What else did they know about
me?  And how the hell could they find things out like my shoe size? 
I wonder how long they stalked me before they grabbed me.  I had no
strength to let my anger surface however and it just dissipated almost
as fast as it appeared. 
“Stay.”  Lisa ordered me like a dog.  I immediately looked
at my cage and realized that is basically what I had become.

Lisa went over to the cabinet on the other side of the room and grabbed
something black.  When she came back over to me she showed me the
black, leather sleeve that she was getting ready to put over my wrists
and elbows.  I just stared at the glove hanging in front of me with
my mouth open wide by the metal contraption. 
“This glove will leave your arms completely immobile.  More so
than usual.”  She kind of laughed the last sentence out.

Lisa began to move the sleeve up my shackled arms behind my back. 
Eventually it got all the way up to the top of my shoulders bringing my
elbows very close together.  I then felt her begin to lace up the
glove shoving my elbows closer together and rendering me completely immobile. 
Just like the psycho bitch said it would.  Then I felt something connect
to the back of my collar as it pulled on the glove.  I assumed that
the glove was attached to my collar in some way.  I wiggled my arms
the tiny bit that I was able to and, sure enough, my collar moved with
them.  I sighed heavily.
“Now, now, none of that you sexy little cunt.”

Lisa then moved some of my fake hair behind my ears and breathed her
hot breath at my neck kissing it lightly while I just stared at the floor
ahead of me.  I don’t know if it was the way that I spent my afternoon
or what but her words and actions made me wet and I almost craved to have
her touch me more.  But then she ruined it by slapping my face about
four times.
“That was just to remind this whore of its place before we go upstairs.”

I stared at the floor ahead of me in confusion.  What the hell
did she mean by that?  She clipped a leash onto my collar and pulled
me along shuffling behind her.  I was pulled up the stairs and into
the lavender aroma filled house.  I secreted more juices as the smell
reminded me of my afternoon of orgasm torture.  I realized that the
smell of lavender would never be the same for me.  Tears welled in
my eyes as this pushed me back into the reality of my situation. I tried
not to think about it so I looked around the house as I waddled behind
Lisa with the chain connecting my ankle cuffs only giving me about a four-inch
slack.  The house was beautiful and huge!  Then I felt Lisa roughly
pull on my leash.
“Stupid slut!  A slave always looks down.  Nobody gave you
permission to look around and frankly a slave does not have the right to
look around.  You fucking stupid bitch.”

She pulled harder on my leash and I almost fell over.  I regained
my balanced waddling and then looked down only seeing the artful tiles
and beautiful plush carpeting as we went from room to room.  It felt
as if we walked forever before she finally stopped.
 
 

**[This
story continues in Part 5](writing_my_future5.html)**

10.03.04

story continues in [**Writing My Future 5**](writing_my_future5.html)

o0o
