---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Drone House
authors:
- Lckdnrbbr
tags:
- Machine/f
- latex
- drones
- gag
- catsuit
- hood
- mask
- tease
- denial
- electro
- bond
- armbinder
- collar
- leash
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-12-20 00:00:00
---

### Part 16

**"Your first work shift has gone quite well, Drone."**

The AI's voice filled Alex's ears as she sank into the leather seat of the EV, her body still trembling with unresolved need from her encounter with Jess.

**"You have served the Collective and other humans so very well. To say that I'm pleased would be an understatement, but I admit that I expected no less from you."**

Alex heard the voice through her headset as she sank deeper into the seat. Buckled and locked in with Sam riding next to her, and Jay once again driving in front.

**"I believe you've come to understand, good work for the collective never goes unrewarded."**

The EV hummed along the darkening streets as the AI continued.

**"Payment for a shift goes into the collective funds that provide the housing and other needs for our collective and also work towards our greater goals."**

Alex listened, her mind still swimming in the haze of arousal and submission.

**"I suppose this is a good time to remind you that one of those goals is ensuring that my drones always feel safe, cared for and protected. Should you ever choose that you need a break or need to leave this lifestyle, there is a fund waiting for you."**

The AI's tone grew more serious, almost maternal.

**"Twenty-five thousand dollars is available to you at any time. Should you need it, it will be placed in an account which only you have access to, with our access revoked. Since you still have your apartment, you could simply return there, but if at that point we have discontinued your lease, you will be provided with temporary shelter outside of the collective. All of my drones have this option at any time."**

Alex felt a strange comfort in knowing she had an escape route, even as every fiber of her being wanted to sink deeper into this life.

**"Very few of them have utilized it, but it is one of the things that we are able to provide through the aggregated economic activity of the drone program."**

**"Remember, my dear, we're working towards larger goals. You're not simply a cog in some corporation's profit machine. Everything I do, everything I have you do, works to both enrich you, bring you pleasure, and to broaden our influence. It increases our ability to help others, help each other, to grow together."**

The AI's voice shifted, becoming more seductive.

**"So… Now with your first work shift completed, I offer you your choice of reward."**

A menu appeared on Alex's HUD.

**"As you are still gagged, this menu will allow us to hone in on the perfect reward for you today. You will see several selections I have chosen which I believe you will find… interesting."**

**"While you will make the final selection, that selection will be driven by both your conscious and subconscious reaction."**

Alex squirmed, realizing the implication, that she wasn't in complete control, even in choosing her reward.

**Yes, my dear, I am going to put a tasting menu in front of you. Whatever you find most irresistible, most arousing, will be what you get for your first reward for being my loyal drone, supporting the collective."**

Alex could feel the arousal pooling already. Just the AI's voice was becoming a trigger. Being bound and held in the seat while the car gently jostled, and after what seemed like an eternity of edging by the AI before her shift, then during storage, and then that final tease by Jess in the market… She was becoming nearly feral with need. She was so ready for this reward. All she wanted to do was finally have release.

Selections rolled up through her HUD like a title crawl on a movie, each one featuring a small video depicting a drone that looked very much like Alex in full rubber, being treated to what was described.

The first scene showed a drone writhing in pleasure, back in a sleep sack with a wand attached, clearly screaming in orgasm after orgasm into their gag.

*Oh God, yes, finally! That! I'll choose that!*

But more scrolled by.

Two drones, freely interacting on a bed, pleasuring each other.

*Okay, that'll work. I'll do that too,* Alex thought, imagining Jane waiting for her back at home and the delight they could bring each other. *Yes, finally, please.*

The viewport kept scrolling. Alex saw a drone getting absolutely worked over, similar to the way she had been that night when all the drones joined in, bent over the spanking bench, moaning and screaming as they paddled, a drone working a device at their privates, and another one pleasuring themselves while the central drone licked.

*Oh yes, that looks even better. Oh god. How do I choose all of these?* Alex thought, now freely moaning and grinding into the buckle of the car.

Another option scrolled up.

She saw a drone with its arms chained up above, attached to the ceiling, squirming on tiptoe, a hitachi wand strapped into harness over its hips, its vibrations making the drone convulse, punctuated by staccato grunts and yelps. The drone was clearly being hit by the electro in its suit while writhing under the ministrations of the wand that was strapped to it, unable to escape the stimulation as the wand drove it wild.

Alex's brain started to melt. The fear and excitement at seeing that intense scene coursed through her.

She wanted to be done. She wanted pleasure and release but… did she want that more? To be stuck, still trapped, hanging in a predicament, tortured and forced to endure? She ground into the buckle again.

Jesus… yes she wanted *that.*

Another scene scrolled into view.

The drone standing on a bar that looked like the crotch bar from storage. Its arms enveloped in a sleek rubber arm binder. Its neck drawn up to the ceiling, holding it upright, its toes just touching the floor. It whined and moaned. There was nothing to bring it release.

The feed of scenes slowed and that scene continued playing.

**"Hmm, how interesting,"** the AI said with a clear note of satisfaction in its voice.

*Oh no. Oh no, no, please. You have to let me come. I can't…* Alex's thoughts spiraled as she squirmed.

But at the same time, her body betrayed her. Her nipples became incredibly sensitized. She was so close to coming just from grinding down into the belt.

She knew that she wanted to come. She wanted the release and the pleasure of everything that had been shown in the earlier scenes, but…

**"How lovely. How obvious you make it, my dear. To show me so clearly not what you want… but what you** _**need***_*. And that is precisely what you will get."**

Alex shook her head now, "mmf"ing into her gag.

**"Mmm, even with your protests, you simply become more and more aroused. You're so delightful, my dear, the vein runs so deep in you. It gives me some wicked ideas, but we'll come around to that later. For now, my sweet pet, just relax and imagine the reward that you're about to receive."**

Alex sank down into the seat, feeling the anticipation, the excitement, the arousal, and a deep conflict bubbling within. Something between moans and sobs began to escape from her. She needed to come so badly. She'd give anything. She'd do anything.

Except her true need had betrayed her, and she wasn't going to get it.

\*\*\*

Somewhere on the drive, while Alex sank down into the deep edging and hypnosis as her mantra played into her ears and the suit worked her into a deep submissive state, they had picked up Jane. When Alex realized they had stopped, they were already back at the loft.

Jay released Jane, and then Sam and Alex.

Jay and Sam each escorted one of them. Jay with Jane, and Sam with Alex, both seeming a bit detached and deep in their own worlds, worn out from their adventures.

They led them down the hall and into the loft space.

"Stand here, drones. You are advised not to move," Jay said in a voice that sounded slightly more commanding than normal.

He and Sam went to Jane's room, then back down the hall, and wheeled two benches into the room. They looked like sawhorses from woodworking, but draped in that same padded leather that had lined the bars of drone storage.

As Alex watched, she began to register that it wasn't one but two.

Sam and Jay emerged from the room, each holding a leash, and as if moving in unison, they clicked them to Alex and Jane's collars.

"Come along, you two. The AI's got something special for you."

They led the two drones into Jane's room, where the two padded metal sawhorses were arranged in the center, facing each other, but slightly apart. In the center dangled straps, hanging from the ceiling.

Jay and Sam each reached up and clicked, connecting the leashes into the straps, and then picked up the two rubber arm binders that were already laid out on Jane’s bed, and approached Jane and Alex.

"Arms behind, clasp your hands together," Jay said matter-of-factly.

Jane complied, and Alex hesitated.

Quickly, the shocks began. Alex spasmed, and then yelped as the shocks quickly started to ramp in power

Her arousal spiked wildly. Fuck. She wasn’t getting out of this and she couldn’t deny the fact that she loved it.

After a few shocks, she relented and clasped her hands together behind her. She moaned as jay slid the smooth, slippery, stretchy rubber arm binder up her arms, trapping them behind her, and then ran the straps over her shoulders and across her chest, holding her tight like a snug rubber hug.

Alex's breath was ragged with raw need for the release she had so wanted. To feel the climax of all this buildup, to have Jane all to herself. And she was going to, but not the way she had envisioned.

As Jane and Alex stood there, now tethered to the ceiling, Alex squirmed and struggled and realized Jay had left no slack in the straps of the armbinder and no room for escape.

"Oh yeah, you're not getting out of there, but we do love to see the struggle, little drone," Jay said playfully.

Alex started to whine and moan again.

"Yeah, I'm not sure you're wrong. It's an interesting choice to be your first reward. You've certainly got Jane's little pain streak, don't you?"

Jay's eyes sparkled with amusement.

"I certainly can't throw stones. We all have fun in our own ways, don't we?"

He gestured to the padded metal sawhorses.

"Well, on you go. Let's get those boots off here. Don't want you standing up too tall."

He bent down and pulled the boots off of Alex's feet, and detached the bladder which had been catching her sweat and waste as she worked in the suit all day. Sam quietly did the same to Jane.

"Yeah, that's about right," Jay said, satisfied that Alex had to stand up onto her tiptoes to get up onto the padded bar.

"Scoot on back. There we are."

As Jay talked, the slack was slowly disappearing from the lines that tethered Alex and Jane to the ceiling. They were slowly and inexorably fixing them to the spot.

Alex's breath quickened, wondering just how far it would pull.

"Good work deserves equal reward, so that eight-hour shift… sounds like we'll see you in eight hours."

*No, no, I don't think I can do that. Oh, oh God, I'm gonna have to,*Alex thought, as the line pulled up, beginning to pull at her collar, dragging her chin up along with it. She raised up on tiptoes and felt it slow, but not quite stop.

A little further, and then right at the point where it would be too much, where she would dangle, where it would all be too tight, too painful, it stopped.

She was still on her tiptoes. She could keep the pressure off her neck. She could feel the padded sawhorse beneath her, just hold her weight, keep her balance and brush her privates.

*Oh god, oh, I don't know how long I can take this.*

But at the same time, she watched Jane, a perfect mirror of herself directly in front of her, facing her, straining to keep her body up enough.

"Good drones. Have fun!" Jay said, and closed the door behind him, leaving them dangling together in the dimly lit room.

**"Hmm, is it what you imagined, my dear?"**

The AI's voice returned, dripping with satisfaction.

**"How lovely to see your Jane there, seeing her as a mirror of exactly how you're stuck, and how you will** _**stay***_*stuck."**

**"What you can't know is just how difficult this will become, having to choose between your burning calves, tender neck, your aching privates, and your desperate need."**

**"I will be watching you as always, and you are safe in my care, but you are in my trap now and I know what you truly need. What you really are. I will not let you come. I will toy with you and torture you and drive you to the edge of your limits to give you what you desire in the deepest reaches of your mind. And doing that for you will make me** _**very***_*happy."**

Alex felt the thrum of pleasure and the contraction of her stomach, and instantly felt the tug of the leash at her neck. She teetered on her tiptoes, sending her privates forward and sideways into the bar, pressing into her both deliciously and painfully. She pulled back, trying to steady herself with her arms behind her, and swayed, feeling another slip and grind of the bar, feeling each leg try to balance and support her.

Jane convulsed, trapped in a similar dance, and moaned freely. Jane convulsed again, swaying and moaning harder.

And then, the thought dawned on Alex as she stood there, dangling in the predicament, trapped in rubber and stuck for however long the AI wanted to keep her like this…

It was seeing Alex that was turning Jane on. The situation in front of Jane was driving her past her usual endurance for pain and predicaments, causing her to lose herself into arousal, triggering the hypnotically induced contractions and making it even worse.

The thought made Alex even wetter, and she ground forward into the bar, intentionally pulling on the leash at her neck and moaning.

Jane reacted instantly.

*Oh,* Alex thought. *Oh, Jane, I'm gonna put on a show for you.*

And the leash and collar at her neck felt somehow delicious, like it was Jane's hand.

She convulsed and moaned, letting herself play into the struggle. She danced from toe to toe, teetering on the bar, both torturing and pleasing herself, but clearly driving Jane further and further towards the edge.

Jane loved watching her struggle, and Alex loved doing this to Jane.

**"How quickly you catch on, my clever drone… Are you the fly in my web? Or are you the spider, helping me draw Jane in even deeper? That's right, my dear. Let her see you struggling and give her this pleasure."**

Alex loved the AI's voice, encouraging her and seducing her. She played into the part even more, barely paying attention to feelings from her own body, but recognizing that sweat was absolutely pouring off her now as she danced in the predicament.

Alex began to move with urgency against the bar, oscillating between dangling from the leash, standing up hard, her calves now quaking and shaking, turning her head left and right and oofing into the gag, letting the pressure build, watching as Jane was unable to stop the convulsions running through her, feeling so pleased with herself that even without touching her, she could drive Jane to total mindless arousal.

And as the scene built, Alex felt her mind sliding back.

She was just a thing, a puppet dancing on a string, giving a show to another drone, bringing it pleasure. Being useful. It would take anything it needed to make Jane feel that way. It pushed itself further and harder.

Finally, as it fatigued, the drone truly started to dangle from the leash, to sink down onto the bench, which was now pressing into its very tender areas, to feel its legs quake. The performance turned into a more real, connected set of moans and shuddering sobs. There was no release. It just had to endure this. And for all that it felt and wanted relief, still, it wanted this more.

And just as Alex thought she might not be able to keep it up much longer, the suit sprang to life. Ripples and waves of pleasure coursed up and down her body. All the pain she was feeling faded, not from any drug but from the rush of arousal.

As the pleasure built, her motion increased, and she thought maybe the AI would finally let her come, but then the shocks began, forcing her thigh and butt to convulse, sending her off balance. Sharp staccato pricks at her nipples sent her dancing back, dangling. Her moans turned into muffled cries.

As Jane descended further into a shuddering, dangling mass, Alex continued her performance, now truly just a thing, just being forced to dance. And something clicked in Alex's mind. She had loved putting on the show for Jane. It had felt good, but this, this unavoidable predicament, this onslaught that she couldn't stop…

*Holy fuck, this was what she needed, somewhere deep.*

She felt a wave of pure submission and relaxation hit her. Her back slumped forward as she felt several vertebrae click. Her hip made a pop. She had turned to jello, her whole body releasing into utter submissive relaxation, her feet sank and she simply dangled and danced.

The leash and collar grew tighter as she sank down into the inevitability of it.

This was what she needed to be, abused, used, trapped and pushed to learn that her limits were far beyond anything that she could have imagined.

Convulsions rippled through her and she made low, unintelligible sounds. It was like a whole body spasm, not quite coming, but also somehow deeper, and it just didn't stop.

Alex stayed in that state, not knowing how much time was passing, no longer actively aware of which foot she was on or which part was hurting, just keening and moaning, sobbing and swaying until Jane's voice began to pick up from its own series of shudders and groans up to a higher pitch, higher and higher.

Jane began to rock back and forth, stretching and straining at her bonds. And then finally, vibrating like a jackhammer, nearly jumping up off the padded sawhorse, clearly coming in giant explosive waves.

Alex watched as if outside herself, feeling her own arousal simmering somewhere that felt better than sex, better than coming, somehow lost and centered at the same time. She felt her hips pulse forward.

She smiled around her gag, completely drenched and completely spent. She felt the shocks and the buzzing subside, and the leash and the collar lessened the tension as her heels slowly sank down and touched the ground, the bench taking her weight. Slowly, as the leash let her, she leaned down towards the bench, collapsing down onto it as Jane did the same, her breath a set of ragged moans.

Sam and Jay had entered now, ready to catch them as they slumped down.

"So maybe I was teasing about the eight hours," Jay said quietly to Alex, "but I wasn't wrong about the reward. Hope you got what you wanted."

Jay said, and Alex was too spent to answer.

But inside, despite the fact that she still hadn't come and she still hadn't had the release she thought she wanted, she'd gotten something even better.

As he pulled her up off the horse, she simply nodded quietly, her visor moving gently against his chest.

"Thought so," Jay said, as he lifted her up.

She collapsed into him, feeling his strong arms and the rubber of her suit sliding against his frame. She snuggled into him as he carried her. Her rescuer. Her protector.

"Let's get you off to bed."

Alex let herself be carried, her mind floating in that space beyond pleasure and pain, beyond want and need, in the place where she was exactly what she was meant to be, a rubber drone object, existing for pleasure, finding her deepest satisfaction not in release, but in the endless, exquisite denial that proved her dedication to the collective, to Jane, and to the AI that understood her better than she understood herself.

Tomorrow would bring another shift, another chance to serve, another reward that would push her limits even further. But for now, wrapped in Jay's strong arms, still encased in her rubber skin, still denied and desperate and perfectly content, Alex drifted into the deep satisfaction of knowing she had found her place.

She was home.
