---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sisters
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- F/m
- F/fm
- F+/m
- bond
- cuffs
- chain
- hood
- boots
- sex
- anal
- tease
- piercing
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-03-12 00:00:00
---

By not meaning to, we have been doing a fair bit of property renovation work lately. It started some time ago when we moved house into a run down place that was in a pretty decent area, the old owner was just that, a dear little old lady who subsequently moved into a home. The property had been hard to shift as it literally had not been touched in 50 years. It was grotty, old fashioned and badly needed renovating. So we stuck in an offer below the asking price - before we knew who the seller was, don’t roast me. Our offer was accepted instantly.

We had been doing the do and had the place 99% complete, just little bits and bobs to finish off. My partner Debbie told me to meet her there one evening, this was not unusual as we often did this as this house forms a neat triangle between where I live and where Debbie lives, so it made sense for us to meet there. I got there early, made tea and then sat in the dining room to wait for Debbie. There was no TV or internet in the place yet, so it was a nice relaxing time.

Debbie arrived about 45 minutes later, she let herself in and came into the dining room. She had on her leather pencil skirt that fitted her so well she had to take small steps. It was one we had made for her, and had extra reinforcement done so it would stand up to being pulled super tight as she walked, it also made a super pleasing sound as the leather snapped taught with each step, somewhere between a whip and thunder, but much quieter obviously. She had teamed this with her denim shirt, that was haphazardly tucked in, with her extra wide corset belt. This had a huge gold fastener at the front and corset type lacing at the back, it really gave her the sexy hourglass figure. Needless to say my pulse always went up when I saw her.

She asked if I would be okay with takeaway dinner, which of course I was, I mean who does not like KFC - the only fast food available in this rural area. We kissed and she slipped off my t-shirt, taking me by the hand upstairs. We had a bed here for our frequent rendezvous. Once upstairs she started unbuckling my jeans which fell to the floor shortly after, followed by everything else. She pushed me onto the bed, and sat us unawkwardly as she could in such a tight skirt, next to me. She threw her bag off her shoulder and started fishing around in it. She pulled out a pair of handcuffs. *I like where this is going,* I thought. She took my hand and gently ratcheted the cuff closed around my left wrist, she then pulled the other cuff up to the metal headboard and slowly, purposefully closed it around the metal bar. She then got up and walked over to the other side, while fishing another pair out of her bag. She repeated the process on the other side.

She picked up her bag again and pulled out another pair which were larger and had a much longer chain. She placed one around my right ankle, passed it through the bottom headboard and then locked the other around my left ankle. She had to pull me down the bed for the chain to reach. This left me totally helpless and stretched quite tight. Next out of her bag came, what I thought was another leather bag, oh how wrong I was! It was a deprivation hood which she slipped over my head, it had an opening at the mouth, a grommet at the nose, and just a few pin pricks at the eyes which enabled me to see a little bit, the rest was a smooth expanse of soft leather. For the next few minutes all I felt was the hood getting tighter as she did up the laces, then several straps, I could hear the roller buckles as the leather strap was pulled through and then a mechanical click which would have been the heavy duty padlocks she used to lock it on. She then pulled out a gag on a leather strap which she pushed through the mouth hold and then locked on with another padlock.

She put her hand down her shirt and pulled out a bunch of keys on her necklace. She jingled them gleefully as she said, I am going to get dinner, these are coming with me. With that she reached over and with some effort slid down a panel that put me in complete darkness unable to see. I felt her mouth around my penis which was already painfully hard. She teased me for a few minutes before she stopped and simply shouted, “bye, I am going to go to the shops and then get dinner, well for me anyway, you might not be able to eat yours like that,” she giggled and I faintly heard her trot down the stairs, then the front door, then her car.

I struggled but the handcuffs stayed put, and no matter what I did I can’t wiggle off the hood or even the blindfold part. After about 10 minutes of struggling I was a hot panting mess, and then I heard faintly a key in the door and thought, *Aha, so she was just playing a game*. She didn’t come upstairs straight away, I heard things being moved downstairs, and then slowly someone came up the stairs. There was a knock on the door, and I thought, *she is playing this out to the max, trying to scare me*. I heard the catch on the door, and then a muffled giggle. I thought to myself, *she is really enjoying this.*

I felt a hand, or more precisely a finger, running up my leg. It slowed as it got near my cock, which had sprung to life again, then it was back, this time tracing a circle around my nipple. Then it ran down my shaft; a very slow hand job. Then something else, hair on my legs and then kissing my shaft, and then I felt her take me into her mouth, slowly at first, just the tip, then more, and then the whole thing. *Wow, she has learnt some new tricks!*

Eventually this stopped. The next thing I felt was her slipping her legs either side of me, I could feel the zips on her boots digging into my thighs, and the smooth leather. I smelled her Gucci perfume, I bought her this months ago because the smell of it drives me wild, but she had not worn it up until now. I felt her slowly impale herself onto me. *She is so wet, she must be enjoying this as much as I am.*

After a few minutes, she raised herself off my shaft and inched forward; I felt a guiding hand on my shaft and then something very warm at the tip. Slowly the pressure increases, up and down, very slowly at first, then deeper and deeper. A feeling I have not felt for a long time, anal. OMG, this is amazing. I was now fully in, feeling her clench and then the moisture as she came hard, literally squirting all over me. This pushed me over the edge, and I came really long, deeply and hard.

She slowed to a stop and we were both panting hard. The next thing I heard was her shouting “you fucking bitch,” followed by a loud thump, at this point she literally fell off me. *Shit shit shit.* I was freaking out, wondering what was going on, thrashing trying to get free to see if she was alright. I heard her, undoing the cuffs, muttering to herself. I heard some moaning and then another thud. Then she started undoing the locks on the hood. Eventually she started, somewhat forcefully, to remove the hood. The light in the room was blinding as I had been in darkness for over an hour. As my eyes adjusted I looked up and saw my partner, still fully dressed, and totally fine, but obviously really pissed off. She pointed to the other side of the bed on the floor, there out cold and with a rather bloody lip, is her sister Carmen.

I put the pieces together and looked at Debbie, I could feel her pain and tears started to form in my eyes as I realised what has happened. Debbie looks deeply at me, “sweetie,” she says, “it was not your fault. What could you have done? Literally nothing. Help me with this bitch.”

In record time me and Carmen have swapped places, and when she came around, she was cuffed hand a foot to the bed and the leather hood firmly locked in place. Debbie smacked her hard around the face, got down real close to her ear and said, “right bitch, you’re mine.”

She panicked and started thrashing around. Debbie pulled out a small plastic box from her bag, then removed a piercing needle from the box. “Sorry hun, I was going to pierce your nipples tonight as I know you always wanted that, but this bitch has just jumped the queue.”

Carmen was really thrashing about now. Debbie puts a hand on Carmen’s waist and says “I would hold still if I were you.” Carmen freezes, Debbie grabs the lips of Carmen’s pussy and in one move stabs the needle through the middle. Carmen screams, I mean really screams.

Debbie picked up one of the smaller padlocks, threading it through Carmen’s new piercings and clicking it shut. She slowly removed the keys from the lock; walking over to the window, she opened it and threw the keys out into the night. “You can try and find them later bitch.” Debbie removed her skirt and Carmen’s gag, who instantly starts screaming.

This is muted quickly by Debbie jumping on her face. “Go dry your cock, you’re going in her arse again. Make sure it’s really dry, I want to hear this bitch scream.” I did as I was told. I returned a few minutes later. Debbie pointed to the key for her leg cuffs, I undo one, slip it out from the bed and then re-cuff Carmen tightly over her boot. Debbie grabbed the chain of the leg cuffs and slipped it over her head so that it sits across the back of her neck. This pulls Carmen’s legs up at 90 degrees giving me full access. I gingerly mounted the bed and started to slowly push my cock into her arse. Debbie shouted at me. “For fuck sake, don’t go slow. Ram that fucking thing in there, if you make her bleed, I will make any dreams you have come true.”

I did as I was told; Carmen screamed hard as I rammed my cock in her dry arse. She continued screaming until I felt it start to get much easier, I looked down and there was blood all over my cock, acting as lube. Carmen’s muffled screams soon joined with Debbie’s as she came hard on Carmen’s face. Carmen then squirted another load right into my face, this makes me cum hard too. Everything slowed down, we dismounted leaving Carmen there. I look at Debbie, “what the fuck do we do now?” Debbie says nothing but starts to unlock the hood, she tugged at the laces, and then pulls it free from Carmen’s head. She looked at Carmen and said, “see I told you I could get him to do it.”

They then explained to me that it was a set up from the start, turns out Debbie and Carmen have had an “interesting” incestuous past, but both also like cock. Carmen also has a penchant for very rough, very hard violent sex. Debbie unlocked Carmen’s wrist and threw her the key for the leg cuffs and the keys for her pussy piercing. Turns out she already had the piercing there, that was all a little show they put on just for me. Carmen threw me the padlock keys without removing the padlock.

“You can keep these for the time being, perhaps you can let me out to play again soon?”

Debbie threw me a set of keys, “here are mine too, I have the same piercing as Carmen, I have just not worn a piercing when we have been together, see?” She parted her legs and I could see an identical padlock through her lips too.

Debbie looked at Carmen, then they both looked at me, “so then what’s your first dream?” They flashed me a smile.

“Surprise me,” I said. Without words they looked at each other, grabbed my arms and started cuffing me back to the bed.

Once they did my hands Carmen said to her sis, “what size are his feet?”

“10,” she replies.

“Oh perfect,” she unzips and removes her leather stiletto boots and says, “these are a 9.” They grabbed one each and forced my feet into them, I could feel Carmen’s hot sweat inside as my feet were pushed into them, They did up the zips and then cuffed my now booted feet around the bottom of the bed, pulling me tight. Carmen grabbed the gag and rammed it home, yanking the straps much tighter than Debbie did. Debbie then fitted the padlock. She picked up the box and gave Carmen a needle, and took one out herself. They grabbed my nipples, one each; first Debbie rammed the needle through my left nipple, stinging really bad. A few seconds later Carmen repeated this on the right nipple. Debbie pulled out a small chain and gave one end to Carmen, in synchronicity they both snapped a padlock through each nipple clicking them closed. They both removed the keys, holding them up.

“We will keep one set each, as you now belong to both of us,” Debbie said. Then to Carmen, “come on let’s leave our toy here for later. There is food downstairs.” Debbie picked up her soft leather skirt and pulled it over my head. She whispered, “enjoy the hot sweat darkness, I love you, thank you.”
