---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/trappedbymyownhand.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Trapped by my own Hand
authors:
- Chastity Guy
tags:
- Sbm
- chast
- stuck
- tease
- 'true'
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2010-08-07 00:00:00
---

This story is 100% true and very recent.

I had talked my wife into trying some chastity play, and we purchased a very secure device from Extreme Restraints.  All steel, inescapable, locking and for me.  We had played around with it a little and added some bondage to it, and had some great fun with it.

However, my wife is not really dominant or even a tiny bit mean.  I have accepted that as she is a great and sexy lady.

She took my daughter off to South Carolina for a week to visit her relatives and left me home as my job had some big projects coming up.

Being horny, and a little silly, I got out the toybox the day after she left.  (She had had some trouble getting the device on me because as soon as she mentioned it or suggested it, I got excited and it was difficult to apply).

So I took it out of the box and put it on, clicking home the lock.  The padlock is small, but very effective and it was open with the key in it when I too it out of the box.

I put the keys on the nightstand and I laughed at myself, figuring that I would try to keep it on for an hour or so.

After an hour, I had to go out, so I went back in the bedroom to remove my toy.  I got the keys off of the nightstand and inserted it into the lock… but it wouldn’t turn the lock!

I tried the other one (set of two) but even though it went in easily, it wouldn’t turn the padlock.

I was working myself into a panic when I noticed a small piece of paper in the box that I did not recognize.  It was a note in my wife’s handwriting.

Dear George,
if you are reading this, then you are in the toybox and playing without me.  I can only hope that you have discovered my little joke after you have put on your new toy.

You see, I thought that you might play with it while I was gone so I got an idea.  The padlocks for our other toys are from the same company and they look exactly alike, but they are not interchangeable and will not work in other locks.  When I found that this set enters the lock, but will not turn it… I left it for you to discover that fact as well.

If you put yourself in the device before discovering this…. you are trapped!  HaHa!  I have the keys for your device right here in my pocketbook.  There is no one to blame but yourself.

If you try to cut the lock, I’ll know because the keys that I have won’t work on our other locks.  If that is the case, we will never play with any toys again.

For your sake, I hope you didn’t try playing right after I left, but rather waited for a while.

If not… enjoy your week and I’ll be home next Sunday.  HaHa!
