---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_bondage_prisoner4.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Rubber Bondage Prisoner 4
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- FF/m
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- bdsm
- straitjacket
- cbt
- outdoors
- mum
- wrap
- susp
- sensory deprivation
- toys
- cons
- XX
date: 2004-01-01 00:00:00
---

**A visit by a very unfortunate rubber bondage prisoner to the Rubber
Bondage Centre at Fantasy Acre.**

**Chapter 9.**
**The way his Rubber Mistress plays ‘Hide and Seek’ is not the way
children play it.**

“I hide you away somewhere and my Assistant has to find you. However
there is as always a sting in the tail of my little games. Every five minutes
she has to spend trying to find you will earn you ten minutes of punishment.
The time starts from when she begins looking for you until she has you
back in the Dungeon. By the time she starts looking for you it will be
quite dark and she will have to use a flashlight, which will be quite time
consuming. It could take her at least an hour to find and get you back
to the dungeon. My property is spread over five acres, which includes a
field behind the house. Even the garden is about an acre. The weather forecast
is for heavy rain tonight so you will be hidden outside. She will of course
start her search inside in the dry and outside is the last place she looks.
If she has to go up into the field in the rain looking for you then perhaps
she will double your Punishment.”

“I’m sure you are now fully aware in just the short time you have had
the misfortune to become my Rubber Bondage prisoner how easily I control
your fate here at your Rubber Bondage prison. However, that’s enough talking
it is time to get you dressed for our little game. In fact I think you
really did enjoy the way you were dressed for the ‘Clothes Peg’ game so
I’ll get you dressed in something similar.”

Mistress removed all the attachments to my nipples and my cock and balls
and released the ropes and straps securing me to the ‘tippy table’. She
released the Rubber Chest Waders and let them slide down to my waist. Then
She unbuckled the Rubber Strait Jacket, and opened the rear zip.

“You can get yourself out of that lot, then wait until I have fitted
a couple of extra items on you.”

After some struggling I managed to remove the Rubber Straight Jacket
and the Rubber Chest Waders, but I had been given no instructions to remove
the Head Harness, Rubber Hood or the Gag nor the Harness still secured
around my cock. Mistress quickly slipped a thin Leather Strap around my
waist and buckled it tightly behind me. She lifted up the cock harness
and fitted the ring on the end of the Harness to a small clip at the front
of the waist strap. My cock was now stretched upwards against my stomach.
Then behind my cock and balls She secured the heavy Padlock and Chains.

“Now you can put on this Rubber Lined Shiny Black Rubber Suit, push
the chains from your cock and ball Padlock out through the reinforced holes
in the crotch of the suit, but don’t pull the attached Hood over your head.”

I picked up the Rubber Lined Shiny Black Rubber Suit and slid my feet
inside the legs. Fitted to the ends of the legs were shaped, close fitting,
attached feet. I pulled the Suit up over my legs and pushed the Chains
out through the holes in the crotch. I pushed my arms into the sleeves
and found the ends of the sleeves were sealed with a Mitten with just a
single finger and thumb attachment. Mistress stepped in front of me and
closed the zip up to my neck and She left the attached Hood hanging down
over my back.

“Step into the Rubber Chest Waders and stand still while I thread the
Chains through the holes in the crotch.”

She quickly slipped the Chains through the holes and lifted the Rubber
Chest Waders up over my body and fastened the Straps and Buckles over my
shoulders.

“Arms up, straight out in front of you prisoner.”

Mistress held up a Rubber Strait Jacket, which looked much longer than
the other one I had been secured into. She Slipped it over my outstretched
arms, concealing the shoulder straps and the upper part of the Rubber Chest
Waders. She drew the edges of the Rubber Strait Jacket behind my back and
quickly closed the rear zip and secured the Straps across my back. She
buckled a wide Strap around each leg at the top of my thigh, and eight
Straps attached to the bottom of the Rubber Strait Jacket were then fastened
to Buckles fitted around the thigh Straps. This pulled the Rubber Strait
Jacket down over my body and the lack of a crotch strap made sure the cock
and ball Padlock was able to hang loosely inside the Rubber Suit. She pushed
my arms down and folded them across my back. Two Straps were buckled tightly
around my forearms and wrists, clamping my arms together, and the Strap
on the sleeve ends was buckled tightly across my stomach, pulling my hands
in tight against the sides of my body.

All this heavy Rubber Clothing and severe Bondage was making me very
aroused and I could see now why She had secured my cock against my stomach.
In this position I would be kept aroused as my cock rubbed against the
Rubber Lined Suit, but the Harness made sure it was too painful to get
any pleasure. Now She methodically went round and tightened every Strap
and Buckle until it was almost impossible to flex any part of my body.
She caught hold of the Chains attached to my cock and ball Padlock, stretched
them out taut and padlocked them to a ringbolt set into the floor. Mistress
went out of the Dungeon and was gone for several minutes. When She came
back she was carrying a Heavy item of Rubber Clothing.

“This is your ‘piece de resistance’ prisoner. This item of Rubber Clothing
on its own is a totally escapeproof item of Rubber Bondage. So when I get
this on you there won’t be any doubt about your inability to escape. But
first there is a little extra for you to endure.”

She buckled two pairs of heavy Leather Manacles around my legs. One
pair of Manacles was fitted above my knees, and another pair below my knees.
She unlocked the cock and ball Chains from the ringbolt, and threaded the
Chains through rings attached to the Leather Manacles, letting the Chains
hang down between my legs. She went over to a table in the corner of the
Dungeon and came back with a handful of heavy weights with snap clips fitted
to them. She clipped the weights to the Chains and immediately the Padlock
around my cock and balls was pulled tight. I could see that walking would
make the weights swing about and bump against my legs adding to the pain
that was already building up just from the weights hanging on the Chains. 
The Rubber item was rolled out on the Bondage Table and I could see it
was a long tube constructed from several layers of Rubber. Inside was Rubber
Hospital Sheeting and outside was Shiny Black Rubber. There were straps
attached to the bottom of the Rubber Tube.

She opened a full-length heavy zip down the Rubber Tube, then, lifting
it up She dropped it over my shoulders. It hung like a lead sheath over
my Rubber encased body and reached down to my ankles. She pulled the Hood
of the Rubber Lined Black Shiny Rubber Suit outside the Rubber tube and
closed the zip from the top to the bottom of the Rubber Tube and Padlocked
the zip runner to a ring fitted to the bottom of the Rubber Tube. It had
a high, stiff Collar, which She secured with two Straps and Buckles at
the back of my neck and secured them with Padlocks. Then She knelt down
and Leather Straps fitted to the bottom of the Rubber Tube were Strapped
and Buckled tightly around my ankles and under the insteps of the Rubber
Chest Waders, and more Padlocks made sure there was no possible means of
escape.

This stretched the Rubber tube tightly down over my body and legs and
I wondered how easy it was going to be to walk secured into this Rubber
Bondage item. But I felt sure that this cruel Rubber Mistress did not intend
to make anything easy for me.

“There I’m sure you are nice and comfortable inside your Rubber Bondage.
The Rubber Tube is made from four layers of Rubber. There is Shiny Black
Rubber on the outside and then there are three layers of Rubber Hospital
Sheet. So even if you were free of any Bondage inside it you would be unable
to bend down and lift it over your head assuming you could release the
foot Straps and the Collar. But I have the key for all the Padlocks, so
escape is completely out of the question.”

She clipped a lead to a ring attached to the front of the Collar on
the Rubber Tube. She lifted up the Rubber Hood and left it hanging loosely
over my head.

“I’ll fix your Hood properly once we are up in the field. It is a filthy
night outside, blowing a gale and raining ‘cats and dogs’ just right for
a game of ‘hide and seek’, so follow me and don’t lag behind.”

She gave the lead a sharp tug and I took my first tentative steps. As
I thought the Rubber Tube didn’t allow me to move my legs to take a full
step. Like when I had been made to play the ‘clothes peg’ game I had to
take short, quick steps to be able to keep up with Her. The weights hanging
on the cock and ball Chains swung about and knocked against my legs which
only made them swing about more violently. This in turn made the Chains
pull at the Padlock and tugged at my cock and balls, but the Harness holding
my cock against my stomach ensured my cock wouldn’t move and I was in constant
pain with every step I took. She led me stumbling after Her out of the
Dungeon and through the passageways until suddenly we were outside. It
was pitch dark, but as we moved forwards a floodlight came on lighting
up the path in front of us. The rain was pouring down and it drummed against
the tightly stretched Rubber Tube enclosing my Rubber encased and Bondaged
body.

The Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh and Rubber Boots Mistress was wearing
glistened in the light as the water cascaded off of them. She tugged on
the lead and I was pulled and half dragged across a wide expanse of grass,
and then up a steep slope and along a rough, grassy track. My eyes had
by now become accustomed to the darkness and through the restricted eyepieces
of the Rubber Hood I was able to vaguely become aware of my surroundings.
Eventually we stopped at a large steel gate in the hedge, which Mistress
opened and pulled me through into a large field. She dragged me up the
field and we walked into a small stand of trees and stopped. At last I
was able to ease the pain in my cock and balls and the weights stopped
swinging about and pulling at the cock and ball Padlock.

Mistress flashed
Her torch about and in the flickering light I could see there was a large
post fixed into the ground about six feet tall with a length of heavy Chain
fixed to the top of it. Mistress unclipped the lead and Padlocked the end
of the Chain to the ring on the front of my Collar. She pulled the loose
Rubber Hood off my head and slid a Rubber Gasmask with a length of hose
attached to it off Her arm and fitted it over my face and tightened the
Straps. I was immediately aware of the restriction to my breathing the
Gas Mask now made. The loose Rubber Hood was pulled back over my head and
She tightened a drawstring fitted to the edge of the Rubber Hood. This
drew the Rubber Hood tight around my head and face and as She pulled the
string tighter so the opening became smaller until just the air pipe on
the Gasmask was exposed. My sight was cut off and the noise of the rain
beating on the tightly stretched Rubber Hood was almost deafening.

“My assistant will have no trouble finding you because you are not really
hidden.”

“This is just an excuse to make sure you get some more Punishment, in
addition to what you are suffering right now. You don’t need to see anything
and I know the rain beating on the Rubber Hood is making it very hard for
you to hear anything. If you want to walk about then feel free to do so.
The Chain Padlocked to your Collar is thirty feet long, but if you fall
over you won’t be able to get up again. You’ll do better to stand still
and wait to be found by my assistant.”

I guessed Mistress had gone and I wondered what to do next. This certainly
was a very biased game of ‘hide and seek’. The post with the chain attached
seemed to be so very convenient, and I had not been properly hidden away
as I had imagined, but I should have known that nothing this devious Rubber
Mistress did was as I had imagined, and I wondered just how long it would
take Her assistant to find me. The rain continued to pour down, but I remained
snug and dry inside my enclosing and encasing Rubber Bondage. I was compelled
to stay stood where Mistress had left me as I couldn’t see the ground and
I knew the field was on a steep slope, and I had no desire to fall over
and remain lying in the grass until I was found by Her assistant.

Suddenly the Rubber Hood was released and pulled off my face and I was
dazzled as a bright torch was shone in my face. The torch was moved away
and in the reflected light I could see a figure dressed in a long Shiny
Black Rubber Mackintosh, a Sou’Wester in the same material and Black Rubber
Boots which all glistened in the torch light as the rain ran down over
the Shiny Black Rubber Mackintosh and the Shiny Black Rubber Sou’Wester.
I felt the Padlock attaching the Chain to my Collar being unlocked. A lead
was clipped to my Collar and a sharp tug told me to follow my captor. Going
down the field was even more difficult and painful than being dragged up
it, the Rubber Gas Mask restricted my breathing and my vision, and my captor
only shone the torch to see where she was walking. I had to struggle and
stumble along in the dark trying to stay on my feet. I could only follow
blindly after this Rubber clad figure who seemed to be completely oblivious
and indifferent to the pain I was suffering and my difficulty in trying
to keep up with her without falling over.

Eventually we reached the buildings and the floodlight came on. My Rubber
dressed captor led me inside and through the passageways into the dungeon.
She dropped the lead and pulled the Rubber Hood back over my head and tightened
the drawstring cutting off my vision and my hearing once again. I felt
the padlocks securing the Heavy Rubber Tube being released, and then the
Straps were undone and the zip opened. The Rubber Tube was removed and
I was thankful for the relief from the heavy weight I had been carrying.
I was pushed forward and my feet were in turn lifted up onto a platform
and my assumption that I was being secured to the ‘tippy table’ again was
confirmed as I felt the rope being laced across my back and drawn very
tight. My head was secured into the harness and the table was tilted backwards
until I was lying horizontal on my back.

**Chapter 10**
**In which he becomes a very real Rubber Bondage prisoner.**

She removed the weights from the chains attached to my cock and ball
Padlock and pulled them back through the rings on the leg Manacles. I felt
the chains being pushed down between my legs and then the weights were
refitted and it felt as if she had fitted some extra ones. I could see
there was to be no let up in my suffering. She was just as cruel as my
Rubber Mistress at whose hands I had already suffered so much.

I faintly heard my captor leave the dungeon and lock the door behind
her. I was not being allowed even the faintest chance to attempt to escape.
She was just as concerned about my security as my Rubber Mistress. Now
bound tightly to the ‘tippy table’ and still encased in the Rubber Lined
Shiny Black Rubber Suit, Rubber Strait Jacket, Rubber Chest Waders, Rubber
Hood, Gag and Gas Mask I wondered how long I would have to wait before
she returned to start my punishment preparation. Once again I lost track
of time but I guessed I had been left trussed to the ‘tippy table’ for
about and hour when I heard the dungeon door being unlocked and I could
hear voices and guessed it was Mistress and Her assistant come back to
start on my Punishment. I could sense they were stood very close to me
and I could just hear Mistress talking to Her assistant.

“Now you are sure you understand what I want done to him. When you have
removed the Rubber Strait Jacket, the Rubber Chest Waders, the Rubber Mask
and the Rubber Lined Suit put him back on the ‘tippy table’. You will be
able to get at all his holes. When he is fully Cathetered take him into
the Stable and let him have a shower. Get him into the one piece skin tight
Rubber Suit then bring him back into the dungeon and fit him into the Rubber,
Double Skin Padded Suit. Then you can apply the wrap over the padded suit.
Just leave his nose tubes outside and of course the catheters. I had ten
rolls of 500 metre length industrial cling wrap and five rolls of heavy
duty shrink wrap along with 50 rolls of 3” black ‘gaffer’ tape sent up
from my wholesaler late this afternoon. You can use the hairdryer to get
the shrink film to tighten up. Heat up each layer as you apply it, that
way it is much tighter than trying to do all the layers at the end. I’m
off to bed so I’ll let you get started and I’ll see you early in the morning.”

I heard the dungeon door close and I was aware of someone stood in front
of me.

“You don’t need to know my name prisoner, just remember I am as dedicated
to the control of Rubber Bondage prisoners as your Rubber Mistress. It
is sufficient for you know I delight in preparing disobedient Rubber Bondage
prisoners for Punishment so they will suffer endless torment and torture.”
It was a new voice that spoke to me with a broad Cornish accent.

“I hear you have been very disobedient to your Rubber Mistress prisoner.
However, your Rubber Mistress has changed Her plans for you. I was expecting
to prepare you for some serious Punishment but that has been altered, I
am now going to prepare you for long term Rubber Bondage and your Rubber
Mistress really does mean long term.”

“First you will have a nice hot soapy enema, then a long colonic washout.
Then when you are nice and clean and empty I shall insert catheters up
your bum hole, into your bladder and into your stomach. After the messy
bit is done I can get on with what I like best. When I’ve finished you
will know what Rubber Bondage is all about. So shall we begin prisoner
or do you want some time to think about it, no I think not, we have a busy
night in front of us and I want you ready for your cruel Rubber Mistress
to start your indoctrination in the morning.”

The ‘tippy table was rotated to bring me back into an upright position
and the ropes holding me to it were released.

“Step back onto the floor and walk backwards five paces.”

I did as she instructed and the Gas Mask was removed and the Gag was
deflated and the Head Harness removed. Then she quickly released the Rubber
Strait Jacket and the tight Rubber Hood. Then pulling apart the edges of
the Rubber Strait Jacket she was able to undo the Rubber Chest Wader shoulder
straps

“Now then get yourself out of all that Rubber Bondage and take off the
Rubber Suit, then when I’ve removed the cock and ball Padlock you can stand
back on the ‘tippy table’ facing towards it.”

With some struggling I managed to do as she said and waited while she
unlocked the Padlock. Then I stood back on the foot-rests facing the padded
surface of the ‘tippy table’. She quickly refitted the ropes and soon had
me secured even tighter to the table. But she didn’t fit the head harness.

“Just one little removal to be done. You won’t need any hair for quite
some time so it is all coming off. I shall shave your head now and you
can make sure the rest of your body is smooth when you are in the shower
later on.”

I was in no position to object so I waited for her to shave my head.
She used a pair of electric clippers and very swiftly reduced my hair to
a short stubble. Using an electric razor she worked away at the stubble
until my head was a smooth as a billiard table. The head harness was now
strapped firmly in place and I was once more secured to the ‘tippy table’
and ready for her medical ministrations. I felt something cold being rubbed
all over my cock and then the foreskin was pulled back and something hard
was pressing against the tip of my cock. I felt something sliding inside
my cock and slowly it was pushed deeper and deeper and eventually stopped.
My foreskin was pushed forward and I felt something was being wrapped along
the length of my cock.

“That’s the end of any erections you might have expectations about prisoner.
It would seem your cruel Rubber Mistress doesn’t want you to have any pleasure
at all during your long term Bondage. Erections and pleasure would be very
distracting while you are being indoctrinated.”

She tilted the table forwards so that my body was inclined at an angle
to the floor, and I felt her fingers probing at my bum hole. Then a large
tube was pushed deep inside my bum and I felt a bladder expanding inside.
The table was tilted again and I found myself lying tilted even further
forward with my feet higher than my head. Then I felt warm liquid running
up inside my bum hole and I wondered how on earth I could expel the enema,
secured as I was to the ‘tippy table’. I certainly wouldn’t have to sit
on a bucket in the corner cage and be humiliated again. But I should have
realised that with an obvious medical expert in control of me the enema
was being given under proper clinical conditions. I was aware that I hadn’t
had any solid food for at least 48 hours and it might even be longer than
that. Also my Rubber Mistress had given me that massive enema and then
given me the liquid feed. So there couldn’t be much in the way of solids
inside me. I could feel the enema working away inside me but my tormentor
made no attempt to release it. I could hear her making various noises around
me in the dungeon as if she was preparing equipment or something. Then
suddenly the table was rotated until I was lying on my back, this time
my feet were lower than my head, and the bladder was deflated and the tube
pulled quickly out of my bum hole. The enema expelled itself with some
force, and I could feel it was no more than liquid squirting out from inside
me. The table was lifted up again and a larger tube was forced deep inside
my bum hole and once again I could feel liquid flowing deep inside me.
After a short while I felt it being expelled down the tube in my bum hole.
This went on for ages before the flow finally stopped and I felt quite
exhausted and empty.

“There that wasn’t too bad was it prisoner. Two holes filled, plugged
and fully under control and all nice and clean and empty inside. There is just one more hole to fill and plug and then we can get you
cleaned up and dressed ready to make a start on getting you wrapped up
for Christmas.”
The table was tilted back so that I was now in an upright position
but leaning slightly backwards.

“Open your mouth prisoner, I want to pour in a small amount of olive
oil. When I push the catheter into your mouth swallow the oil and the catheter.
It will slide down into your stomach very easily on the olive oil. About
a teaspoonful of oil was poured into my mouth and was quickly followed
by a very large tube which she pushed to the back of my mouth and as I
swallowed the oil the catheter was pushed further in and passed over the
back of my tongue and down into my throat. I felt the catheter passing
down inside my gullet and on down towards my stomach. Suddenly my mouth
was filled with a Rubber Plug. It was shaped to fit along the inside of
my cheeks and a central wedge went between my teeth and also held my tongue
down to the bottom of my mouth. An outer flange of soft Rubber moulded
itself over my lips and formed an airtight seal to my mouth. Next a thick
Rubber mouth brank and chin cup was strapped tightly across my sealed mouth
and underneath my jaw. There was no possible way I could push the device
out of my mouth, and the chin cup held my bottom jaw closed against my
top jaw preventing me from opening my mouth by even a small crack. The
inner wedge holding my tongue made a perfect silencer and all I could manage
was a low grunt from the back of my throat.

“That’s nice isn’t it prisoner. All holes filled and properly silenced.
Now I’ll release you from the ‘tippy table’ and we’ll soon be able to start
getting you wrapped up.”

She released the ropes holding me to the ‘tippy table’ and I stepped
down onto the floor now fully aware of the three tubes dangling from my
cock, bum and mouth. She buckled a Rubber Collar around my neck clipped
a lead to it and led me out of the dungeon. We quickly made our way into
my accommodation and she removed the Rubber Collar.

“Have a good shower prisoner and make sure you dry yourself properly.
When you are dry give every bit of your body a good covering of talcum
powder. Then come out into the main room.”

I didn’t linger too long in the shower but made sure I was properly
dry and fully powdered all over. She was waiting out in the main room with
a thin Rubber Suit.

“You can put this on but be very careful as it is quite thin and a very
tight fit.”

I carefully put the thin Rubber Suit on and it fitted like a second
skin. It had attached feet and the sleeves were closed at the ends like
a pair of mittens. Once my arms were in the sleeves and my hands were enclosed
in the mittens I was unable to do any more towards putting on the Rubber
Suit. She pulled the attached Hood up over my face and head and I shuddered
as the Rubber slid over my now hairless head. The bum catheter had been
pushed out through a hole in the crotch of the Rubber Suit and my balls
and cock with the fitted catheter had been pushed out through a tight hole
in the front of the Rubber Suit. The Hood had a small hole at the mouth
for the feeding catheter and there were just small nostril holes to let
me breathe and small eye holes gave me very limited vision. She stretched
the edges of the suit and Hood across the back of my body and head and
carefully closed a zip up to the top of my head. She buckled the Rubber
Collar around my neck and gave the lead a tug and I followed her back through
the passageways into the dungeon. I was led across the dungeon and she
bent down and fastened a pair of manacles around my ankles, which were
linked with a short chain. She padlocked the link chain to the ring set
in the floor.

“Now you are secure we can have a short one way chat prisoner. I’m sure
you have heard about total deprivation, it is being deprived of all sensory
feelings and that is how you will end up. I expect this will be something
new for you prisoner. Well let me explain how it is done. You will be fed
and emptied on a continuous cycle. Mistress may leave you alone for long
periods of time and then she will attend to you at short intervals. This
way you do not get into any sort of routine and any attempt to measure
the passage of time will become more and more difficult until time will
have no meaning at all. Mistress may speak to you, but it will be through
headphones, so at all other times you will be in a world of total silence.
The only sensation you will experience will be the pain from being kept
in one position continuously. You will be kept suspended in a multi-point
harness which is woven into the wrapping around your body and limbs so
there will be no pressure points to feel which will remove any sensations
you might get if you were lying on a bed or standing in a corner. Compared
with your little overnight experiences this will be an epic immobility
Punishment. Your body will demand, and then crave to be allowed to move
and you will be unable to satisfy that craving. When your Mistress eventually
releases you, you will in all probability be a totally different person.
Initially you will have only one desire - to be released - but after several
days you will have lost any comprehension of days or hours or minutes,
and thoughts of release will vanish. Even the desire to move will reduce
and you will be unaware of your immobility. Your imagination will create
the illusion you are moving about and your isolation will then be complete.
I shall see to your recovery, which will take several days, as you will
have to learn how to walk again, and you will have difficulty hearing,
talking and thinking. Strangely enough it will change you without you having
to remember it. In fact I think your Mistress has some ulterior motive
for wanting you done up like you will be shortly.”

She released the padlock securing my ankles to the floor and removed
the ankle manacles.

“Lift up your right leg and push it down into the leg of the Rubber
Suit I’m holding.”

I lifted my leg and she guided it into a thick, soft tube. She pulled
the suit up over my waist and guided my arms into the sleeves. This extra
suit felt heavy and firm, but at the same time it felt soft and bulky.
I felt her close a zip at the back up to my neck and the suit closed around
my body making it difficult to let my arms hang down at my sides. The sleeves
ended in mittens like the thin Rubber Suit making my hands completely useless.
My cock was placed inside a compartment, which held it facing upwards against
my stomach and the catheter was fed out through the top of the compartment.
It was then curled round and pushed out through a small hole in the crotch
along with the bum catheter

“There, you are now enclosed in a thick, padded Rubber Suit. It has
a thick Rubber skin on the inside and the outside, and between those two
thick layers of Rubber is a thick layer of Kapok. The hood is constructed
in the same way and when I pull the hood up and zip it up you won’t be
able to hear anything until your Mistress uses her communicator, which
will allow her to speak to you. It will prevent you getting any sensations
from the twenty layers of wrapping I shall now encase you in. To make sure
all the layers stay in place there will be a final wrapping of five layers
of heavyweight adhesive tape.”

”It is called ‘Gaffer’ tape and is used in the Theatrical Industry for
sticking literally anything to anything. The particular brand that I will
be using on you has the added advantage that it can be ‘heat cured’ to
ensure it can’t be pulled apart. When it is time for you to be released
all the wrappings will have to be cut off of you.”

“Now lift your left arm up and hold it out sideways and keep it there.”

I could feel some material being wound around my arm not very tightly
but it covered my arm from my shoulder down to the tip of my hand.

“Now lift your right arm up the same as your left arm. ”

Material was now wrapped around this arm in the same way as my left
arm. I heard the sound of a hairdryer and at the same time the material
tightened itself around my arm. She did the same to my left arm and now
both my arms were stiff and rigid and I realised they had been wrapped
in shrink film and then heated up to make the film shrink around my arms
and hands. Then I could feel the film being wrapped around each leg and
again heated up to make it shrink and grip my Rubber encased legs. Then
she started at my chest and passed several layers over each shoulder and
continued to wind it around my body down to the tops of my legs.

Once more the shrink film was heated up and my body was now encased
in a tight sheath pressing the padded Rubber Suit against the thin Rubber
Suit. Now she wrapped more film around each arm and then around my legs and
finally around my body and as this was not heated up I guessed it was cling
film.

“Lower your arms and press them against the sides of your body.”

My arms stuck fast to the sides of my body as the layers of cling film
gripped each other.

“Now then I’m going to help you to step up onto this little platform
in front of you, when you are on the platform bring your legs tightly together.”

I felt her catch hold of my left leg which was now completely stiff
and unbending, and she lifted it sideways and upwards and then swung it
forward, at the same time she pushed at my wrapped body and I felt myself
rise off the ground. I brought my legs together and like my arms I found
they were now stuck together. I felt something being attached to the top
of my head harness and tension was applied to it, which then tightened
the harness around my head and stopped me wavering about. Now I felt she
was wrapping layer after layer of material around my ankles and then slowly
she continued up my legs, around my knees and then up over my thighs. As
she covered my thighs I could feel my hands and then my wrists were being
trapped under these layers of material, which I guessed was cling film.
She carried on up over my body pinning my arms to my sides making movement
utterly impossible. She reached my shoulders and I could feel layers being
passed over each shoulder and then around the lower part of my neck. She
stopped the wrapping and I suddenly felt myself move and I realised the
platform I was stood on was on wheels. I was pushed up against the ‘tippy
table’ and a length of rope secured my immobile body to it.

The head harness was removed and what felt like a thick, dense padded
Rubber Hood was pulled over my head. Stiff Rubber Tubes were pushed deep
inside my nostrils and the Hood was zipped up at the back. As the wrapping
now continued around my head and face I became more and more aware of the
silence I was being immersed into. I had been able to hear the cling film
being pulled from the roll but that sound had now vanished and I was enveloped
in an eerie silence. None of the layers were applied tightly but there
was no slack left anywhere, and I could feel my head was gradually becoming
rigidly fixed as she built up the layers of cling film around my head and
neck. Apart from my feet, which I felt sure would be dealt with before
she finished her task my whole body was now encased in an unyielding shell.
I could recall some years ago going into hospital for an operation and
I was given an epidural which made my legs and feet completely numb. I
could remember sending messages to my feet to move and nothing happened.
I now felt in very much the same situation. I was sending messages to my
hands to move and nothing was happening.

My arms and my hands appeared to be detached from my body. I knew they
were there, but I didn’t have any control over them. I could feel more
material being wrapped around my legs and the feeling slowly climbed upwards
over my thighs and then over my body, until finally I could feel my head
was being wrapped in a much stiffer material. I could only assume this
was the ‘Gaffer’ tape that was being wrapped around me, and I knew it was
the final layers to encase me totally. I could breathe easily through the nostril tubes mainly because being
unable to move I was not making any exertion to increase my breathing rate.
I could feel more tape being wrapped around my legs and body. It seemed
she was applying extra tape around my ankles, thighs, waist and shoulders.
I was suddenly aware that I was no longer standing on my feet. It felt
as if I was floating in the air.

I assumed the extra tape was used to attach a harness of some sort to
the outside of the body wrap. As there were no pressure points on my body
I had no sensation of contact with anything, I felt totally detached and
isolated in a world of silence and darkness. At last I felt my feet being
wrapped in the layers of cling film and then the final layer of ‘Gaffer’
tape.

I was now totally mummified. I could sense I was swinging gently but
the movement was difficult to detect. I could feel the Rubber enclosing
me but it did not produce any real sensation. I couldn’t be sure if my
eyes were open or closed. There was nothing to see. I could feel the Gag
and the feeding tube in my mouth but they were as fixed as the rest of
my body. The same went for the catheters in my cock and my bum hole, I was aware
of them but as they were now firmly secured under the layers of wrapping
they did not move and create any sensation. I wondered what I would feel
when Mistress used the catheters for feeding and cleaning me. I realised
I had no sensation of time, I couldn’t visualise how long all this wrapping
had taken, it might have been six hours or it might have been one hour,
I felt totally detached from reality.

But I knew this was all very real. I was a Rubber Bondage prisoner being
taken way beyond my limits by two very determined women who seemed to be
concerned only with making my very existence a constant battle with sanity.
I wondered how on earth my Mistress intended to deliver the promised 100
strokes every morning. I realised that it would give me a reference point
to know when each day was starting. But somehow I had a feeling that things
were not going to be that simple. I could feel myself losing touch with
my own thoughts and I could feel myself drifting off into some sort of
‘limbo’ state. I must have slept or dozed because I was suddenly aware of noise in
my ears. I struggled and kicked, or so I thought but as I came to my senses
I knew I hadn’t moved a fraction. I felt I was moving but the sensation
was totally wrong. Then the noise came again and I realised my Mistress
was talking in my ears.

“Good morning prisoner, welcome to your new dark world of silent punishment.
My assistant has made an absolutely superb job of your mummification, the
only things that show there is something inside the wrapping are the five
tubes poking out that are your lifelines. Two tubes to breathe through,
one tube to feed you and two tubes to clean you out. I have been watching
you hanging in your carapace for ages, and I haven’t detected the slightest
movement. Even now you are awake, and aware, you haven’t twitched at all.
I shall now tell you what is really going to happen to you. Everything
else I said previously was not quite true, in fact your cruel Rubber Mistress
lied to you, but then I am doing that all the time, and if I had told you
what was going to happen to you I think you would have made a very strong
effort to escape which is something I had no intention of allowing to happen.
I’ve had a mobile frame made up which will allow me to move you out of
my dungeon into my Conservatory. It has a nice Rubber Cover fitted over
it so you will be completely concealed, unless I chose to show you to any
of my visitors. Obviously I can’t have you occupying my dungeon for a whole
month as I have other prisoners to attend to.”

”Yes! Prisoner, you heard right, a month. That’s how long your punishment
is to last. Perhaps I shouldn’t call it punishment anymore, I think conditioning
would be more suitable. You will be fed continuously so there will be no
meal times to let you measure the passage of time, and the catheters will
be on continuous drain so there will be no sensations with regard to your
body functions. There will be very little communication between us if any,
but you will be subjected to a continuous tape recording which by the end
of the month will have conditioned you to become my ideal Rubber Bondage
slave.”

“I have already set the wheels in motion for your flat to be cleared
out and it will be rented out. When this little ordeal is over you will
be able to make arrangements to sell it as well as your car as you will
be living here on a very permanent basis. You will then have some money
to be able to buy a full Rubber wardrobe suitable for a Rubber Bondage
slave. There is another small, self-contained flat here, which will become
your home. It is completely secure, there are no doors to the outside and
all the windows are barred. It can only be accessed through my living accommodation,
and by the time you are ready to serve me that door will have a remote
operated lock on it, so you will only pass through that door when I want
you to.”

”At all times you will be fully encased in Rubber. You will be kept
totally hairless which will ensure full contact with your totally enclosing
Rubber dress. Whenever you are serving me you will wear a Collar and wrist
and ankle Manacles all made from stainless steel, and only your Mistress
will be able to remove them. Chains will be attached to the Collar and
Manacles when you are on duty, so from the outside you will look just how
a Rubber Bondage slave should look. They will be a constant reminder to
you that you are not free. Every time you feel the restriction of your
Chains, and hear them ‘clinking’ you will be reminded of just what you
are. A permanent Rubber Bondage slave to your Rubber Mistress and you will
be at my beck and call day and night.”

“You will attend to my every need and whim, also to many of my friends
needs. Your whole life will become a constant round of pain and pleasure
in Rubber and Bondage which is I’m quite sure what you have always dreamed
about. When I go away sometimes to deal with clients in their own homes
or when I go on holiday, you will be transferred to another location where
you will provide someone else with whatever pleasure they might desire,
and they will ensure your state of permanent Rubber Bondage is continued
unabated. But that’s enough of this idle chatter. It’s time to move you
to your new home and start your conditioning to become my Rubber Bondage
slave.”

The headphones ‘clicked’ and I returned to my world of total silence.
After a while I felt I was swinging about again and several times I felt
I was being bumped against something, but as I had discovered there was
no real sensation and no way to detect what was being done to me or what
was happening around me. I could only assume I was being moved into the
conservatory where I was to be kept for - how long did she say - a month.
I wondered just what effect this prolonged period of isolation would have
on me and what was this tape recording that was going to be played to be
during the isolation. I could well imagine that it would have some effect
on me and I wondered if the much talked about ‘brainwashing’ really did
happen to people.

I swam in a black, dark sea, but I couldn’t feel the water against my
body and for some reason I didn’t seem to be doing anything to make myself
move through the water. I was floating and drifting aimlessly, always I
thought I was moving towards land, towards something firm and solid. But
it always seemed to be just out of reach and a strong tide kept moving
me away from the land I was trying to reach. Always there was the voice in my head, telling me about what I would
find when I reached the land. I would find a land where all my dreams and
fantasies would become reality, where I could be what I had always dreamed
of wanting to be. I would be able to live every second of every minute
of every hour of every day dressed totally from head to toe in heavy, Black
close fitting Rubber Clothes.

I would be secured in a set of shiny, clinking Chains, which I would
wear as a sign of my servitude to my Rubber Mistress. I would do all the
things that a Black Rubber clad slave would be expected to do. I would
serve my Rubber Mistress who would be dressed in shiny Black Rubber, and
in serving her I would be rewarded with endless pleasure and joy. The voice
was relentless, it told me the same things over and over, again and again.
The voice changed the story from time to time, but it always came out the
same in the end. Gradually all the niggling worries I had, vanished, as
the voice convinced me that my future would be what I had always wanted
and always dreamed about. Now was my chance to live my life as I really
wanted and never be unhappy ever again.

IN CONCLUSION.
I am what I have always been, a Rubber Bondage slave serving his Rubber
Mistress as she commands me to. My whole life is full to the brim with
Rubber and Bondage.

Only my Rubber Mistress can release any of my permanent manacles and
chains. The heavy steel Collar, Waist Belt and Wrist and Ankle Manacles
are all secured with special threaded bolts and they are all linked together
with lengths of heavy welded chain. She can always hear my chains and be
assured I have not managed to release myself. I must keep my body and head
completely hairless and I am locked into a heavy total enclosure Rubber
Suit all day, and I sleep in it all night. A heavy Rubber Hood is zipped,
laced and padlocked over my head and face. The eyes have dark lens fitted
to them and a large Rubber breathe-thro’ Gag is strapped and padlocked
in place. If I have been good She will remove the Gag and unlock the access
zips in the Rubber Suit to allow me to eat and use the toilet. The heavy
Rubber Suit is unlocked once a day to allow me to shower and wash the inside
and outside of the Rubber suit. I am not allowed to dry the inside of the
Rubber Suit I must put it back on wet to ensure the Heavy Rubber clings
to my hairless body and makes me fully aware of my Rubber enclosure. My Mistress disciplines me in it when I make mistakes, sometimes I
am deliberately obtuse as I do so enjoy being disciplined. But She is well
aware of those occasions and applies Her discipline more severely.

What else is there to say, I am Her Rubber Bondage slave and I always
have been right from my childhood, it just took some time for us to find
each other and meet up. You asked if She is cruel to me. I have no idea
if She is cruel. Whatever She does to me when I am being disciplined is
I’m sure well deserved, so how can it be cruel if I deserve it.

As to pleasure then that comes from serving my Rubber Mistress and there
are of course those secret times when we are together in a more intimate
manner. But as always it is not my pleasure that is of any importance.
It is the pleasure my Rubber Mistress gets from my service to Her, that
is of paramount importance. I suppose I obtain some pleasure when I am on occasions loaned to other
Mistresses or, I am looked after by Her ‘friends’ when She goes away on
holiday. They do relax some of the rigid regime my Mistress imposes on
me. I am her Rubber Bondage slave and that is all I have ever wanted to
be.
