---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/banking_bondage_babes.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Banking Bondage Babes
authors:
- Mike Silklover
tags:
- FF/m
- bond
- kidnap
- scarves
- nc
- X
date: 2017-05-06 00:00:00
---

The Banking Bondage Babes by Mike Silklover

**Chapter 1**
A tale of humiliation, banking and scarf bondage by silklover
 
Darren Day, or 'Darren the Demon Dealer' as he liked to be known at
the Sumitomo Bank, was extremely angry and extremely uncomfortable. He
was extremely angry becuase he had fallen for their charm and womanly guile
and allowed himself to be kidnapped by the babes he had been drinking with
earlier that evening. It severely hurt his ego to realise that whilst he
thought he had succeeded in pulling five of the most beautiful women in
the bar, he had in reality been royally set up by them. Whatever it was
they had put in his drink towards the end of the evening had completely
zonked him.

Whilst still able to understand what was going on, he had lost the power
of independent action and had no choice but to allow himself to be walked
to their car, placed in the boot of their blacked out Range Rover while
handcuffs were placed on his wrists and ankles and a silk hood was pulled
over his head and tied at the neck, and driven to their hideout. What made
it worse was that they had told him he was being kidnapped and yet he could
do nothing about it other than grin inanely, a by product he assumed of
the drug they had slipped into his drink.

He was extremely uncomfortable for a reason that would have been instantly
apparent had he been standing where the babes now were, watching him from
the other side of the large designer furnished loft apartment. Darren was
naked. He was crouched on top of what looked to be an upturned wooden table,
except that it had three stout legs at one end and no legs at the other.
His ankles were bound tightly to the two outside legs with brightly coloured
silk scarves, the loops cinched tightly so that no movement was possible.
His arms were tied together behind his back.

More silk scarves cinched his elbows together so that they almost touched
and his wrists were bound in a reverse praying position, the thick silk
scarf wound tightly between the loops to ensure security. A long blue scarf
ran from the wrist bindings back to the centre leg where it had clearly
been pulled tight before being tied off to the wooden leg. Had this been
the extent of his bondage, it would have been very uncomfortable indeed,
as the crouched position was not a natural one, and exerted great strain
on his arms.

The piece de resistance however was the white, double thickness close
fitting silk hood which had been pulled down tightly over his head. A black
leather collar secured the hood in place around his neck and a short 6"
length of chain dropped from the collar to a ring bolt set in the base
of the piece of furniture. He was thus forced forwards and downwards, his
head held unnaturally close to the floor of the table by the chain whilst
the scarf attached to his wrist bindings tried to force him backwards.
That the position was unpleasant was borne out by the angry but pained
sounds coming from beneath the hood.

Whilst clearly a mixture of pain and anger, the volume was reduced to
a quiet mewling noise. The thick bandage, clearly visible beneath the tight
fitting silk of the hood, bound two large Hermes silk squares in place
deep in his mouth, blocking out all but the faintest noise and ensuring
a thorough gagging. Hidden beneath him, but just visible to the women standing
in front of him was the end of a thin sky blue silk scarf protruding from
between his legs. The remaining 6 foot length of the designer silk scarf
was wrapped exceedingly tightly around his cock and balls, ensuring that
even the slightest erection would be very painful indeed. It was therefore
hardly surprising that Darren could not work out whether he was more angry
or more uncomfortable.

The ladies who listened to his pathetic attempt at anger from beneath
the multiple layers of tightly bound silk were all members of the Banking
Bondage Babes, a small but very effective group of ladies who worked in
the Square Mile of the City of London and had become disillusioned with
the arrogance and male chauvinism of the male brokers and dealers that
made up the financial powerhouse of the UK. Continually bumping their heads
on the imaginary glass ceiling while less able male colleagues gained promotion,
the ladies had decided to exact their revenge on the male species by targeting
the worst offenders and reducing them to mild subservience through a gradually
evolved programme of prolonged bondage, humiliation and slave training.
Rumours of their existence had swept the City but no-one had ever owned
up to being kidnapped by them and no-one really knew whether the stories
about the treatment they meted out was the truth or whether it was the
product of overactive male imaginations and fantasy.

Darren would of course find out that much of the rumour was indeed true
but it would not be as enjoyable as it often was in the imagination of
the sex obsessed male dealers. The ladies had all stripped off the business
clothes they had been wearing when they took Darren and were now dressed
only in skimpy white silk briefs and black high heeled shoes. All wore
expensive designer silk scarves at their necks and several had even donned
silk headscarves, tied Grace Kelly style.

They were ready for the next phase of Darren's initiation.

All comments welcome to silklover@hotmail.com



23.10.05 | updated -
