---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/sammy_jo5.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Sammy Joe’s Barnyard Self-Bondage 5
authors:
- Hagster
tags:
- Sbf
- con
- X
date: 2003-07-01 00:00:00
---

Sammy Joe’s Barnyard
Self-Bondage - Chapter 5
by Hagster
Sammy Joe’s Barnyard Self-Bondage Part SevenWill
They Ever Leave?
Part Ten
Oops!

Well, you know the old Chinese proverb, “…be careful what you ask for,
you just might get it”.  I had managed to suspend myself from the
roof of the loft down through the trap door, gagged, hands nearly immobilized,
and my feet chained neatly underneath my butt two feet off the barn floor. 
The vibrator in my pussy was going like crazy, and was beginning to drive
me mad with pleasure.  Waves of ecstasy were mounting and I struggled
against my bonds.  I squirmed and twisted, trying to aid the buzzing
shaft inside of me to bring me over the edge.

My senses were becoming overloaded.  The scent of my juices, my
suspension and lack of contact with solid ground swaying side to side,
the darkness caused by the enclosed barn, booming sounds of thunder coming
ever closer, flashes of increasingly brighter lightning, and orgasms stacking
up, one behind the other.  My entire body shuddered from the wave
after wave of pleasure shooting through every part of my restrained essence. 
A flash of light, a shudder of pleasure; a rumble of thunder and the shaking
of the barn timbers intensifying every vibration felt by my forcibly submissive
sex.  I was no longer in control of myself.  I could not resist
the stimulations.  I tried to scream with pleasure, but only succeeded
in muttering unintelligible “coos” and “mmphs” with streams of saliva drooling
onto my already wet shirt.

Five minutes, ten minutes, possibly more, possibly less, whatever the
time, it didn’t matter.  I was a slave to my own self-induced torment. 
It just would not end.  I tried repeatedly to reach down and twist
the end of the vibrator.  Just a brief respite is all I needed, but
the chains restraining my hands were unrelenting.  I gasped with resignation
and slumped with fatigue in my bonds.  It came to me the realization
that perhaps I was not quite prepared for this overdose of pleasure. 
I tried to relax and put the pleasure vibrating inside of me out of my
mind, but the constant shaking of the barn by the nearby thunder claps
prevented me from succeeding.  I had reached the end of my endurance
and needed to be released.  I could take no more.  I was actually
weak and near exhaustion.

I grabbed the baler twine connected to my waist and began to pull myself
towards the means of my escape.  It was hard, oh so very hard. 
I had absolutely no leverage in my arms and had to manipulate the twine
in my hands inch by agonizing inch.  Slowly, I was able to pull my
bound form closer to the hook holding the key that would free me. 
“What was that sound?”  Thunder cracked just outside the barn. 
“What’s happening?”  Oh, well, I continued the effort towards the
key.  “There’s that sound again.”   It was kind of an odd,
cracking sound.  I pulled some more on the twine and each time I heard
the noise.  Oh my God, the piece of wood I had screwed the hook into
was starting to crack!  I was starting to work up a sweat, again. 
I needed to calm down and keep the tension on the twine constant and not
cause any undue stress on the hook.  I crept ever closer to the key
when suddenly a crack of thunder caused me to flinch.  Oops, the hook
tore loose from the board and swung down to the comforter underneath me.
Gee, that shouldn’t have happened.  I was unusually calm, but later
attributed that to disbelief.  All at once a cool mist shrouded my
body.  The wind had changed and was blowing in through the large open
door at the top of the loft, carrying the rain with it, and helped to further
suppress my impending panic.  I had to think for a moment, although
the fog of pleasure was making it difficult.  I convinced myself that
it was still possible to get out of this jam, and tried to formulate a
plan.  The key ring was still looped through the hook, so I slowly
attempted to pull it up towards my eagerly awaiting fingers.  My breath
was still erratic because of the stimulation between my legs, yet I was
able to calmly and deliberately drag the twine upwards.  Inch by inch,
I pulled the hook and key up to nearly two inches from my grasp, when I
flinched.  The key ring slipped off the shaft of the hook and fell
to the comforter below.  Uummm, that wasn’t supposed to happen either!

“This is not fair!” I screamed to myself.  This was all supposed
to be easy and foolproof, but I had forgotten “Murphy’s Law”.  Whatever
can go wrong will go wrong, and at the worst possible moment.  But,
I still had a chance to retrieve the key.  I lifted the hook up to
my bound hands and grabbed it.  I unfastened the loop of twine from
the hook and tightly tied the end to the threaded shaft.  I could
still get the key by lowering the hook and fishing it through the key ring. 
Boy, this had better work, or I’m even more screwed!  I lowered the
hook as carefully and calmly as possible.  I could barely make out
the image of the key ring in the diminished light; luckily it was nearly
directly below my range of motion.  The ring lay across a fold of
the comforter and I attempted to maneuver the hook above the ring until
the open end of the hook coincided with the fold.  Aha, there’s the
match, but what’s that noise?  I was distracted for a moment as I
turned my head toward the sound.  Hay was rustling a few feet away. 
Oh, God, I hope that’s not a rat!  I tried to adjust my focus to the
darkened corridor and made out the image of some sort of large furry… 
“Damn it, Al, how in the hell did you get in here?!!” I yelled to myself. 
No sooner had I recognized the Golden Retriever, when he spied the dangling
metal “toy” and lunged at the hook, knocking it aside and flinging the
key ring onto the floor.  “OH MY GOD!”  I almost gagged on the
spit in my mouth.  I “quickly” hoisted the hook up to my hands lest
the little bastard chew the twine in two.

Between the vibrator in my pussy, the plug in my ass, and the gag in
my mouth preventing me from screaming at the top of my lungs, I could not
have been either more pissed or more aroused.  That damn dog had caused
me to become an involuntary captive at the very time I had wanted to be
freed!  I yelled at the sonofabitch to get away, but all that came
out was a bunch of drool and some muffled sounds, which must have sounded
like an invitation to frolic.  Oh no!  I could tell from the
look the bastard was giving me that he wanted to be friendly; he was still
a puppy, though a large, ungainly one at that.  Al lifted his nose
and started sniffing around my sex.  Thank God I had decided to wear
some clothing, however, I don’t think that’s what he’s interested in. 
Moments went by without sight or sound of the family pet.  “Oh, crap,
what’s that?  I really hope it’s not what I think it is!”  Al
had discovered my feet.  They must be pretty delicious what with all
of the sweat, dirt, and hay, which must be covering them.  Why must
animals migrate towards vulnerable and sensitive areas of the human body? 
A wet, fleshy muscle began lapping at the soles of my feet and in between
my toes.  The batteries in the vibrator were beginning to fade, but
I had traded one tormentor for another.  Al lapped and licked and
slobbered first one foot, then the other.  He nipped at my toes as
if they were his mother’s nipples.  I struggled and squirmed in my
bonds.  I tried again to scream at him, but only seemed to urge him
on.  That bastard was tonguing me without knowing what he was doing
to me.  I was beginning to become aroused at the attention to my feet. 
He lapped, I twisted and “mmphhed”.  He nipped and sucked as I forced
a muffled scream.

Al paused for a moment and panted heavily at the sole of my left foot. 
His hot breath was soothing and started to relax my fatigued body. 
It did not last for long.  He pressed his cold nose against my sole
to get a long sniff and caused a spasm of pleasure to run down my spine. 
My whole body cringed in anticipation as Al once again began tonguing my
bare feet with even more fervor.  I tried and tried to kick him away,
but only managed to encourage him, thinking I must surely be toying and
playing with him.  The hot and wet attention to my feet was almost
intolerable.  I screamed into my gag as the drool spilled from my
mouth.  I shook my head violently in rejection of the treatment I
was being forced to endure.  My screams slowly transformed into sobs
of resignation and mewls of hopelessness.  Tears began to well up
in my eyes.  “Please, God, make it stop!  I can’t stand it!”

I swear my clit was getting numb.  The vibrator was down to the
point where I could almost count the revolutions of the motor.  No
longer stimulating, it had become annoying.  My shirt and tits were
soaked with spit, and my feet were covered with dog drool.  I could
only imagine the state of my sweatpants.  An image flashed into my
mind of Lucy Van Pelt wiping her mouth, spitting, and yelling for alcohol
because Snoopy had kissed her on the lips.  I managed a giggle through
all of the torment; small solace given my predicament.  I made one
more attempt to drive the mongrel away by screaming and kicking my feet,
when by luck a lightning bolt struck just outside with the resulting thunder
clap shaking the entire barn, frightening Al and sending him off running
down the corridor and presumably through the opening he had used to gain
access to the barn.

At last, a reprieve!  I allowed my body to relax and hanged limply
in my suspended bonds.  “Thank you, thank you, thank you!” I muttered
under my breath.  I managed to rest and calm myself as best I could;
though only release would satisfy me at this point.  I could only
guess at the length of time I had been dangling at the end of the block
and tackle.  Surely it must have been two hours.  TWO FUCKING
HOURS!!!   “Note to self… kill family dog!”

The vibrator finally gasped its last breath and died.  It was a
welcome death, however, lively and vibrant in its youth, yet failing and
ultimately impotent in the end.  The barn was now eerily silent. 
The storm still raged outside, but sounded as though it had subsided somewhat
in intensity.  Thunder and lightning were now more infrequent, though
the rain was still making its presence known on the tin roof.  Although
I was still suspended and obviously spent and uncomfortable, an aura of
peace and calm came over me.  I could think of nothing other than
rest.  The key ring was still on the floor, somewhere, and would not
go anywhere.  The gentle tapping of rain on the tin roof and the cool
breeze wafting through the trap door lulled me into a state of utter calm. 
I must have drifted off to sleep…

Part Eleven
“Hellloooo”

My lids fluttered a bit and I slowly opened my eyes.  I must have
slipped off for a moment.  Just how long was a moment?  It wasn’t
difficult to adjust my vision as the barn was still dark, except for the
dim shaft of light in which I was bathed coming through the trap door above
me.  It was unusually quiet, from what I can remember from before. 
There was only a slight, barely audible pinging of rain on the barn roof,
and only a faint rumble of thunder from the distance.  I had relaxed
my grip on the only means to gaining my freedom; the hook was dangling
beneath me, still tethered to my harness.

It took a few moments to regain my wits after the brief slumber. 
Every single limb, every orifice, every muscle was crying out in pain. 
I had managed to place myself in a very confining and fatiguing position,
and was almost out of options with plans to effect an escape.  Fortunately,
the (soon to be dead) dog had been scared off by a thunderclap and the
vibrator’s batteries had gone dead, leaving me with a more focused, undistracted
ability to free myself.

The best I could surmise was that the key ring was laying just off of
the blanket on the hay-strewn floor, but without suitable lighting, it
would be difficult at best to locate.  I lowered the hook to what
I could best judge to be just above the surface of the floor and began
to sweep the hook around in an erratic pattern listening for the tinkle
of metal on metal.  I was able to spin myself around the perimeter
of the blanket, testing, hopefully, every square inch.  No luck here,
no luck there.  I tried to remain calm.  It would be a week before
Mom and Dad would return and I would be at least close to death by then! 
“Shit!  I am SO screwed!”  I could feel my heart begin to pound
in my chest, and I started to hyperventilate.  The tingling in my
legs began to grow more pronounced and I knew that they would soon start
to cramp.  With no way to extend them, I knew I was in for a rough
time.

Tears began to well up in my eyes.  I had reached the end of my
rope, so to speak, and desperation turned to hopelessness.  I was
stuck, and most likely dead.  I began to cry.  I had planned
everything so well, I thought, only to be done in by a rotten piece of
wood.  I lowered my head and my now stringy and wet auburn hair enveloped
my face.  I sobbed into my chest as best as the gag would allow me. 
I reflexively jerked up my head.

“Wait a minute, what’s that?”  I heard an odd sound from outside
the barn, and tilted my head from side to side to determine the direction
of the noise  “Is that a voice?”  I listened for a few moments. 
“Yes!!!  My savior!”  But, who could it be?  The voice grew
softer, and my heart sank, but soon the voice grew increasingly louder. 
I made noises as loudly as possible.  I could only imagine what I
must have sounded like, but I didn’t care, just as long as I was rescued!

A shadow materialized from underneath the twin doors to the outside
and the sound of a door being unlatched echoed throughout the corridor. 
I twisted in my bonds to face both the doors and my savior.  One of
the doors opened outward and a burst of light nearly blinded me. 
I blinked my eyes repeatedly in an effort to adjust my vision.  My
embarrassment would have to be ignored as I welcomed my rescuer.

A well dressed, dark-haired woman greeted me with an inquisitive leer. 
“Well, Helllooo!”

Kristen was a sight for sore eyes.  True to form, she was dressed
in a short, black, pleated skirt and a dark blue bodice over a white silk
top.  She held an umbrella over her head.  The only things out
of place were the white ankle socks she had donned over her black nylons
and the pair of muddy sneakers on her feet.  I immediately realized
that I would never be allowed to forget this little chapter in my life! 
She pulled an item from her pocket and lifted it to her face.  My
already sensitive eyes suddenly were assaulted with a bright flash of light
and I instinctively jammed my eyelids shut and shook my head in rebellion. 
That bitch was taking pictures of me with her pocket camera!  I made
some weak attempts to foil her, but it was just no use.  I was too
fatigued, and quite frankly, at this point, I just didn’t care.  I
had more important morsels on my already full plate.

She stepped forward and back and side to side, tilting the camera at
all angles, acting like a professional photographer reacting to both the
music and the posing of the model, however both the music and the posing
were absent.  She took pictures from every angle!  What a bitch! 
Here I was suffering and she was having a grand old time!  I’ll pay
for this, and probably for the rest of my life, but I just did not care. 
Whatever it would take, at this point, to be freed, I could not care less!

Kristen finally snapped her last shot and pocketed her camera. 
“Well, Sam, it seems you weren’t lying.  You are alone, aren’t you? 
The only guy I saw around here was Al, and I think I can safely say he’s
not your type, right?”  Her mocking laughter made me blush with embarrassment,
although my entire body was already flushed with exertion.  “And besides,
you seem to be in more than a little trouble.  Are you enjoying yourself?”

I shook my head side to side indicating my present displeasure.

“Did you have any enjoyment at any time?”  I knew to what she was
inferring, and nodded affirmatively.  “Would you like to be freed?” 
I emphatically nodded, repeatedly, silently conveying my wish for immediate
release.  “Okay, just let me figure out this little scenario, okay?” 
She did not acknowledge my dissent as she looked over my bonds.  I
tried to make noises of displeasure at her course of action, but she purposely
ignored me.

Kristen stroked her chin with fore finger and thumb, much as a five
o’clock shadowed, 1940s-mystery novel sleuth might.  Her long, silver
frosted fingernails set her apart from the callused hands of the stereotypical
private dick.  She seemed to soak in the situation and formulate a
hypothesis.  She tugged at the block attached to the front of my waist,
then looked at the chains at my legs, and finally focused her gaze upon
my locked wrists.

Kristen began to speak to an imaginary associate, though I realized
I was the silent partner to which she was speaking.  “Apparently the
victim suspended herself above the floor of the lower level of the barn
from the loft rafters in an effort to fulfill some sort of perverse auto-erotic
fantasy.”  She paced around the “crime scene”, slowly taking in all
of the details.  “Preliminary reports indicate the victim, one Sammy
Joe Hochstetter, female, failed to satisfactorily secure her means of release
and was kept suspended for an undetermined amount of time before being
discovered by an as yet unidentified person.”

I yelled into my gag and drooled down the front of my shirt, and violently
shook my head trying to get Kristen to shut up and get me the fuck down! 
Her little Private Eye joke was wearing thin.  I needed to be released
and soon!  I could feel my bowels beginning to cramp and my bladder
was about to burst.

“Detectives searched the area for what they believed to be the release
mechanism, a key of some sort, but failed to locate any object.  I
had been brought in to help with the investigation.”  With her smart-assed
speech finally ended, Kristen giggled and winked at me, then kneeled on
the blanket beneath me and started feeling with her hands around the floor
searching for the key ring.   She made a couple of sweeps around
the edges of the comforter until I heard a faint tinkle of metal on wood. 
“Jinkies, a clue!” she remarked in her best Velma voice.  She picked
up the key and rose to her feet, once again circling my dangling body. 
She stroked the key with her fingers as she spoke.

“I attempted to deduce the exact method the victim had arranged in order
to effect her release.  The broken piece of wood and the splinters
on the floor indicated the bolt hanging from a length of string tied to
her waist had at one time been screwed into the planking, perhaps with
the key being placed over the hook?”  She jerked her head in my direction
and pointed at me with her index finger, wanting me to affirm her theory
thus far.  I hung my head shamefully and nodded in compliance.

“Judging from the way the twine has been tied to the threads of the
hook, the victim must have rigged the hook to retrieve the key after it
had fallen to the floor, but was unable to snag the ring to which it was
affixed.”  She again pointed at me for an affirmation.  I nodded
again at the bitch.

“I can only assume that once the victim had the key in her grasp that
she would then unfasten the lock connecting her wrists together, then reach
down on both sides and undo the locks on the chains keeping her legs bent,
then, able to stand upright on her own two feet, free herself from the
pulley block.”  She looked at me for my response.

I laughed out loud, as best I could, and shook my head.  “You are
wrong, wrong, wrong,”  I thought to myself.  Finally I could
mock her for a change.

“Well, miss smarty pants,” Kristen reached out with her hand and brushed
aside the hair clinging to my face, “without your hands free, how were
you going to unlock your legs so you could walk back to the house? 
Surely you weren’t thinking of crawling all the way!”

My eyes flew open, and I paused to soak in what she had said. 
Could she have been right?  Would I have been able to reach those
locks with my wrists still fastened to each other?

“Seems to me the little nympho had better thank her lucky stars that
I came along, doesn’t it?”  Kristen traced patterns about my face
and neck with her fingernails.  She was speaking in her German Matron
accent.  “So tell me little one, who do you love?”

I remained motionless as I pondered my predicament.  She continued
to run her fingers through my hair as we stared at each other.  “I
asked you a question, Sam.  Who do you love?”  I managed to gulp
and swallow a mouthful of spit.  This was all truly degrading. 
I pleaded at her with my eyes, but she was relentless.  “Ooouu, ohay. 
I uv ooouu.”  Even though my words were garbled, I think she understood
their meaning.

“That’s better, mein liebling.”  She drew back her hands from my
face and slipped the key into my palm.  “This I’ve got to see for
myself.”  Kristen stepped back and sat down on a wooden crate next
to the wall.  I could feel her gaze transfixed upon me.  Even
though I felt great shame, I had become somewhat aroused.  And to
top it all, that bitch was just going to sit there and watch me free myself. 
“What a perv!”

Hours after I had begun my session, I was finally able to start the
process of releasing myself.  I manipulated the ring in my right hand
and pushed the key into the lock that connected the ring on the pulley
rope to the waist of my harness.  I twisted the key while holding
onto the rope with my left hand.  With the hasp released, I rotated
the body of the lock open and allowed it to fall onto the blanket. 
I slowly let the rope ease up through my clenched hands as the weight of
my body lowered me to the soft blanket below.  While resting upright
on my knees, I opened the lock fastening me to the pulley block and slumped
to the floor, lying on my side on the comforter.  I rested for several
minutes, trying to regain feeling in my strained and numbed body. 
Eventually, I rolled onto my back and reached for the lock keeping my legs
bent.  I tugged on the chains at my wrists for more slack.  The
locks remained out of reach.  I could hear Kristen snickering nearby. 
I struggled back to my knees hoping I would have more luck that way. 
I tried the right leg first, then the left.  No luck, not even close. 
She was right; I had made an error in judgment and would have had to have
crawled all the way back to the house, that is if I could manage to reach
the door handles to even get out of the barn!  I had to admit to myself
that it was probably not an entirely bad thing that Kristen had found me,
but she didn’t have to be such a cunt about it!

I leaned back over onto my side and rolled onto my back.  I tilted
my head over to the side and whimpered softly towards my benefactor. 
“Please help,” I uttered through my gag.  I let the key ring fall
to the blanket.  She took the hint and came over to help; however
she couldn’t pass up the chance to stand over me and taunt me.  I
turned my head to track her movements when my gaze focused on her domineering
form looming almost directly over me.  “Oh, gee, isn’t that nice!”
I sarcastically thought to myself.  “She’s not wearing any panties
under her skirt.  She’s flashing me!”  I started to turn away
but noticed something odd.  Not only was she clean-shaven, but she
had pierced her pussy lips and was wearing a small hoop ring in each. 
I guess one can learn something-new everyday, but this was knowledge I
could have lived without.  She could tell I was staring at her snatch.

Kristen kneeled onto the blanket and reached for the keys.  She
leaned close to my face and spoke softly into my ear.  “Why don’t
you take a picture?  It’ll last longer.”  Her hot, sweet smelling
breath felt strangely soothing against my skin, then she let loose with
a sinister scoff.  “Here, let me help you with this.”  She released
the lock on the right leg chain, then leaned over my body to release the
other on the left chain, all the while gently rubbing her tight bodice
over the top of my helpless body.  My God, she smelled good. 
What the hell am I thinking?  This is my best friend.  Surely
she was not trying to arouse me, but whether intentionally or not, she
was succeeding.  Damn, this isn’t natural.  I gradually extended
my legs, trying not to induce cramping.  Boy, that felt good!

Kristen rested back onto her knees and asked a few more questions. 
“Does this key fit any more of these locks?”  I shook my head “no”. 
“Are there any other keys out here in the barn?”  I again shook my
head.  “I assume the rest of the keys are in the house?  In your
bedroom?”  I nodded.  “Okay, let’s get out of here.”  Those
were perhaps the most welcome words I had ever heard.

She rose to her feet and slipped a hand under each of my arms, helping
me to stand.  The chains prevented me from standing fully erect and
the ankle hobble kept me from walking with ease.  Luckily Kristen
was there to steady my weak, staggering efforts at movement.  I leaned
against her as she supported me on our journey to the other end of the
corridor.  Thank God for friends!

[continued
in part 6](sammy_jo6.html)
