---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Our Little Puppy
authors:
- Scribe of Domina
tags:
- F+-m
- FF
- mpov
- petboy
- puppy
- oral
- collar
- cons
- X
date: 2022-12-01 00:00:00
---

This summer fucking sucks. There is no one around. All my friends are getting summer jobs or off traveling. Jobs. Shit, even the word leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It’s summer! The first one after high school! It’s supposed to be spent having fun! Not slaving away! I can get a job in the fall! But noooo… not according to my self-righteous parents. Either get one now or move it. Shit. This summer fucking sucks.

A strange car pulls up out front of our house. I look up from my seat on the front steps where I’ve been gazing at my own feet, lost in thought. The doors open and my dick springs to life. The two women that step out are the sexiest I’ve ever seen. And I watch a lot of porn. The leggy Latinas saunter up to me, wide smiles plastered on their perfect faces.

“Hey, Little Guy, what’s your name?” one asks.

“T…Timmy,” I manage to stutter out.

“So cute!” the other one squeals.

“I’m Jara,” the first girl explains, “and this is my girlfriend Litzy.”

“Nice to meet you.”

They sit on either side of me.

“We were driving along,” Jara continues, “when we saw you sitting out here looking so sad.”

“What’s wrong baby? Tell your Litzy everything.”

For some reason I feel I can.

“I got into a fight with my parents. They want me to get a job or get out.”

“What kind of job?”

“Any kind.”

The two girls look at each other, smiling mischievously.

“What?” I ask.

“Well,” Litzy says, “we thought you looked so much like a cute little lost puppy that it gave us an idea.”

“We want to hire you,” Jara goes on.

“To do what?”

“To be our puppy, silly.”

“Excuse me?”

“For eight hours a day you’d dress like a puppy.”

“Act like a puppy,” Litzy adds.

“Let us take care of you.”

“Make over you.”

“Kiss you all over your cute face.”

“Hold you in our laps.”

“Lick our feet.”

“Wash you, *all* over.”

Each thing they said made my dick rise further and grow harder.

“How much does it pay?” I ask.

“Does it matter?” Jara asks.

“Fuck no!”

They both laugh.

“Good, good,” Litzy says as she hands me a card, “be here at 8am.”

The address turns out to be a small cabin at the end of a dirt road up in the mountains behind town. Is this crazy? Are they serial killers? Am I about to die? There’s a note on the door. It simply says, ‘In Boy’. Taking a deep breath, I do just as it asks. I nearly cum right on the spot. Both ladies are in one chair. Making out. In only their underwear.

“There’s our good boy,” Litzy says.

“Lock the door and strip,” Jara commands.

It’s so fucking hot. I eagerly do as I’m told. I see a costume laying on the floor in front of them.

“Put it on.”

I scurry over and quickly dawn the fur suit. Looking at myself in the mirror I laugh. I look like a fucking old school Pound Puppy. Slender hands lock a collar around my neck. The tag reads “Spot”.

“This is your new name,” Litzy explains.

“Now get on all fours for me, baby.”

I do.

“So cute!”

She hugs me tight against her. I moan at her touch. I wish it was on my skin.

“When you’re in the suit,” Jara instructs me, “you may not speak. Bark. Whine. Pant. Never talk.”

I bark twice to show I understand.

“Good boy,” she says, patting my ass playfully.

I bark and shake it as if wagging my tail.

“Such a smart doggie,” Litzy giggles.

Jara walks to the other end of the room.

“Spot. Come.”

She pats her pantie covered pussy. She doesn’t have to tell me twice. I run up to her as fast and as steadily as I can. I press my face right into her crotch. She grabs my head and shoves it in, rubbing herself on the mask.

“Oh yeah, you feel sooo goood!”

My moaning has nothing to do with my role as a puppy.

“Down. Down.”

I force myself off her and back onto all fours.

“Good boy. Now sit. Sit, Spot, sit.”

I assume the position.

“Good boy.”

She turns and walks back to Litzy. I start to follow.

“Stop.”

I freeze in place.

“Stay.”

She finishes her trek. I whimper and shake. My need to be with them is too great. I need to move. I need to move! I need to…

“Come.”

I come out of the trance I seem to have put myself in to see Litzy is now sitting in the chair backwards, jutting her ass out provocatively. I run over and shove my face in as far as the mask will allow. She wraps her legs around me, holding me in place.

“I think our new little puppy likes his new job,” she tells Jara.

“I think so too.”

When the costumes come off for the last time, breaks were included, I am soaked with sweat.

“Gross,” Litzy remarks, “go take a bath. We’ll wash your clothes.”

I head into the bathroom and run a nice bubble bath. I just lay there, eyes closed, soaking it all then. That is until I feel someone join me. Then someone else. I open my eyes to find the ladies naked in the bath with me. Litzy is holding a smaller version of the collar.

“I’m afraid this isn’t working out,” Jara begins.

“What!? What did I do wrong?!”

“Nothing! Nothing baby. We just made some mistakes.”

“Mistakes?”

“The suit separates you from us too much. We need to be able to feel your skin on ours.”

I’m liking the sound of this so far.

“Also, we can’t pay you.”

“What?”

“Litzy just got a call. She lost her job.”

“I’m so sorry.”

“Thank you,” she replies.

“So, we just can’t afford you,” Jara goes on, “but my sweet Litzy needs you right now. So, we need to know one thing. Which do you want more: money or being away from your parents?”

There was no real choice there.

“To be away from my parents.”

With a wide smile Litzy climbs onto me and kisses me passionately. I’m lost in her touch, her taste. I barely feel her lock the collar on me. I look down at the engraved dog tag and smile. The question does not need to be asked. The answer does not be to be given. We all know. The three words on my new bone shaped tag are true.

‘Our Little Puppy’
