---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Smart Duct Tape 5
authors:
- Tektaper
tags:
- Machines/f+
- M/f+
- captives
- wrap
- ducttape
- cocoon
- gag
- encase
- poletie
- nipple
- toys
- insert
- susp
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Smart Duct Tape 4**](smartducttape4.html))

Beth
was taped up
waiting for
Sharna and Lacey to return with her new toys.

At
the adult store Sharna and
Lacey enter
the adult store. A man from behind to counter said, "Welcome to Jo' Bob 's Den of Iniquities.
I am Jo' Bob ; can I be of any
assistance?"

Lacey says they are looking for a blue super deluxe wireless vibrator set, blue breast-milking
nipple clamps with pump, and a blue leather obedience hood. The man said that he had all of the things the women had asked for and some new stuff
that they may not have seen before. He showed the women the new white noise
earplugs with microphone that blocked out all noise except, what was said into the
microphone for full sincerer depravation, and it even come it different colors. He
told the women that he had a very new item that will not be out for sale to
the public for at lease six more months. He said he was beta testing it for
the manufacturer. He asked if the women would like to see. They said yes.

He walked into the back and unlocked a door. The women were not so sure about
this. He said if it makes you fell better, here are the keys, which he gave to
Sharna. He told the other man to go watch the store for a minute or so. He
opened the door and went in. The women followed him leerly into the back room. He
had turned on the lights and walked over to a computer on the left wall. He
moved the mouse and said, "If you will come here and look at the screen,
you will see the software that comes with the new control box."

The women walked over to the computer where he was now sitting. He told the women that with the new
control box that a person in charge could play with another person or group via
the computer's modem. He said he had two girls he was playing with right now. One
in the next state, and the other was down in the basement. He asked if the women
would like to see how it worked. They thought about it, and talked to each
other for a minute or two, and then they said yes. He picked up a microphone,
then hit a button with the mouse and said, "I have some ladies up here that
would like to come down and see how the new control box works. Do you mind?" He
was looking at the monitor. He saw the girl on the screen nod her head.
He said, "She will let you come down to the basement and see her and the control
box." He told the women that he was setting the control box to bullride. He
then walked to the back wall and pushed the button to call the elevator.

He said, "This way please." The women were very interested now. They all got in
the elevator where he push "D" and asked the lady with the keys to put the blue
key into the key hole and turn it. He said, "We are going down to the Dungeon
where she is now". Lacey and Sharna were thinking that this might have not been
such a good idea, when the door opened up and he walked out. They both looked
at each other with worried looks on their faces and said, "After you."
Lacey walked out of the elevator and looked around. Jo' Bob was standing next to some one
bent over what looked to be a workbench. Sharna stepped out behind her and looked around.
Jo' Bob said this is my younger brother Billy' Bob .

Lacey and Sharna both were thinking they had just walk into the movie "Deliverance" and were now ready to
leave as they turned towards the elevator door, They saw that there was no button to call the
elevator. They were getting very worried now. Jo' Bob looked over at the women and said the button
is over there as he pointed to the far wall. The women looked in the direction he had
pointed and saw a big button that had the words "DON'T PANIC" glowing in green
on it. Sharna thought, "Someone here likes "Douglas Adams!"

Jo' Bob said, "Please come over here for a minute."

As the women walked up to the table, Sharna saw an opened box with the words "DT-E9000" on
it, setting next to the table that Billy' Bob was at. Sharna asked, "What are you working
on?" Jo' Bob said it was some thing new, and if he could ever get
it to work, that it would make them a lot of money. He then said,
"This way please." and walked to another door and opened it. He asked if the
woman still had the keys and Sharna said, "Yes." He said that to get back out of
the dungeon they would need the keys. The three of them walked in and saw
the girl all tied up. She was bucking as if she was riding a bull. He walked
over to her and pushed a button and she stopped moving and went completely limp. He
picked up a microphone and said, "Do you want to be released."
She shuck her head NO.
He told her that he was going to release her head so she could tell the women
about the new control box.

He then untied the lacings on a purple leather obedience hood and removed it. Next, he then removed the purple
earplugs from her ears. After that, he then took out the purple ball gag that had
been in her mouth and said, "Well, how was that last setting?" She said she had loved it
and that she wanted him to set it to that for two hours the next time.
The women thought to themselves, two hours of bucking like that, WOW, she must be insane.
He said, "This is my wife. Her name is Mary Sue". Mary said hello to the women and then told them
that the new control box worked with all the wireless products made by "The Kinky Minds".
She said it even works with multiple units of the same type as long as they are
different colors, other wise you just get the same settings. She then said each
color has a different range of radio frequencies that lets you run multiple
units at the same time with the same commands or different ones. The Control Box
can be used by itself as a stand-alone unit, or in conjunction with the
computer. The computer software has a lot more options.

She then told her husband to release her from the purple leather body cocoon. He unlaced
the back of the cocoon and helped her get up. She was not wearing any clothing
but she had duct tape over her nipples and crotch. She pulled the tape off one
of her nipples, and then removed the purple micro nipple clamp. She did the
same too the other one, then she rubbed both of her nipples. She then pulled the
duct tape off her crotch very slowly. She then removed the purple butt plug and
vibrator from between her legs. He handed her a robe. She put the robe on and
walked to the door that led out. She asked for the key, Sharna gave them to
her. Mary opened the door and they walked through.

Mary asked Billy' Bob how he was coming along on the new project.
He said, "I have no idea how to get this thing to work on people." There was
another woman standing by him now. She looked up at Mary, and saw the two women for the
first time and said hello to them. Mary said, "This is Amy-Sue, she is my younger sister."

Amy looked at Sharna and said, "You are the woman from the hospital! The
one that came in wrapped from head to toe in duct tape, the one that was going
on about the DT-E9000." Sharna looked very surprised. She said, "You must have
me confused with someone else." Amy said, "NO, you are Sharna, I never forget a face, and you have the same burn marks
on the back of your left hand". Sharna thought, "Damn that old iron burn."
Sharna said, "Yes, I am. However, I cannot help you. The machine just went nuts, and then the police took it."

Jo' Bob said, "So, you got hooked on bondage and had to have those item you listed early".

Sharna said, "NO, those are for another friend".

Jo' Bob said, "Oh, another friend, OK, I got it."

Sharna said, "NO, I have the black ones and she has red ones, if you must know."

Jo' Bob said, "I am sorry. I did not mean to pry." Jo' Bob then asked if they would like to help with
the beta testing the new control box.

Lacey asked, "What do you mean help beta test the control box?"

Then Jo Bob said, "You may come back here and play in the dungeon
if you like or you may buy one of the control box and use it at your own home,
then we can run it from here or you can have some one else you want run it."

Lacey said, "Playing here is out of the question for now. How much is the control box?"

Jo' Bob said, "The control box will go for $750.00 retail,
but I have ten of them for beta testing at $300.00 each. That is at my cost, no
mark up."

Lacey said, "I don't know, I will need to call and ask the other lady
if she is interested."

As she pulled out her cell phone and started dialing it.
She asked the person on the other end of the phone, if Beth was there and if she could talk to her.
Sharna looked at Lacey a little funny. Lacey said, "Hi Beth, How are you doing. Are you enjoying being
taped up?" Sharna heard a man's voice on the phone and was very puzzled
now.

Lacey said, "Beth , Do you want to go in on a new control box with us
three ways that will run all the vibrators at the same time via a modem. Oh,
and there are these earplugs for another hundred that you will like. If you
don't have the money now, you can pay me back later."
Lacey said, " Beth said yes to all of it.

Lacey then said that the people here at the
adult store were working on one of the DT9000 trying to get it to work on people.
Charles told her that he would make one work for them in
exchange for all the stuff the women wanted. He then asked if they had one that
they had not taken apart yet. Lacey asked Jo' Bob if they had one of the DT9000
that they had not taken apart yet. He said, "Yes." then he went to the shelf and
got the other one down. Charles told them to push the two red buttons on the DT9000.
Then he said, "Say what I say." Lacey opened the box, then pushed the buttons
on the DT9000, and set it down on the floor. She walked about ten feet away and
turned around. Then she repeated, "HERE, STOP, UPDATE ACCESS PORT OPEN, EXTEND CABLES, STOP."

The machine rolled over to her and came to a stop. Then the front of the machine opened up and wires come out.
She picked it up and walked back over to the table. She asked, "What kind of internet access
do you have?" Billy' Bob said we have a T3 line coming in here. Lacey asked, "Where
is your computer?" Billy' Bob showed her another computer.
She told him to
hook the
DT9000 up to the computer and turn it on or reboot it. Billy' Bob did as she told him. She then
asked him to
set up his
computer as a host for incoming files for through put to the USB port
as Drive
R: and to give her his ISP address. He did as she asked and watched the
computer screen. She said, "He has done it."

Charles
sent the updates and then told
her he was
done and the rest of what she
needed to do. She said, "It is done now, turn off the computer and
unhook the
DT9000." Billy' Bob turned off the computer and
unhooked the
machine. She
picked it up again and set it down on the floor. She said,
"RETRACT
CABLES,  CLOSE  UPDATE ACCESS PORT, RUN INSTALLED
UPDATES."

The machine pulled
the
cables back into it and closed the little door on its front. After
about five
minutes the machine said, "Thank you for purchasing the DT9000,
please
enjoy
this product" in a computerized voice. She then said,
"HERE, STOP, SHUT
DOWN"
and the machine rolled over to her and turned off. Lacey said turn your
computer back on, go to this web address, and print it, that she gave
him. He
did as she told him. It was a list of things the DT9000 needed to update
itself. Billy' Bob and Jo' Bob started looking for the item
on the list. Jo' Bob asked what color duct tape to
get it. Sharna
said,
"Duct tape comes in more that one color?" Mary said use purple duct tape.
Jo' Bob pulled out a large box of
Purple duct tape
and set it
on the floor near the DT9000. Billy' Bob found every thing else but the
kitchen
supplies.

Amy-Sue took the list, went up to
their apartment,
and got
the rest of the stuff on the list. When she got back, she set it all
down on
the floor near the machine. Lacey told Charles that all the stuff was there.
He was a
little surprised. He told her
to push the buttons again. She pushed them and said, "HERE, UPDATE
MODIFICATIONS NOW"

The machine sprang to life and went to town
with all
the
stuff on the floor. Twenty-three minutes later, there stood a six-foot
tall
machine. Lacey asked, "Who wants to try it out." Mary said, "ME! ME! ME!
ME! ME!"

Lacey said, "OK, OK, that is fine." She then said,
"FOLLOW" to
the machine. Sharna, Amy-Sue, Mary-Sue
, and Jo' Bob went back it to the dungeon.
Lacey followed
them in
and the machine followed her in. Mary said, "What
do we do now?" Lacey said,
" Mary, take your robe
off." Mary removed her robe.

Lacey talked
into the cell
phone and asked if he had
dialed into the machine? The machine said in a man's voice,
"Yes I
have, Thank
you." Everyone else in the room looked at the machine in shock.
Lacey
said, "NO
INTRO, BONDAGE MODE SET TO ON, ALLOW MODEM OVERRIDE, RUN DELUXE COCOON
1." The
machine asked, "Are you Male or Female?" Mary said,
"Female" The machine proceeded to wrap
her up in no time flat.
She was taped to a support post a little over a foot off the ground.
She said,
"IT FELLS GREAT. Only I wish I had my vibrators now."

Lacey asked if
she had
the breast-milking nipple clamps with pump and purple super deluxe
wireless
vibrator set. Jo' Bob went over to the table and
brought back all
the stuff
she had asked for. Lacey said, "She is all yours now." Charles asked her if she wanted all
the vibrators
and the breast-milking pump.
She said, "YES." He asked if she wanted some thing put
in her mouth.
She
replied, "My Purple ball gag." He asked if she wanted
her head wrapped
in tape
or if she wanted a leather obedience hood instead. She said the hood.

She then
said, "OH SHIT, I forgot this tape is going to hurt like a bitch
when
it comes
off." The machine then put a six-inch piece of tape over her
mouth. She
looked
at the machine with a funny look on her face. The machine then sprayed
the tape
and it fell away from her mouth like a leaf falling from a tree in the
fall.
She said, "WOW! I did not feel a thing."

The machine
moved over to her
and
sprayed both of her nipples with a blue liquid that caused the duct tape
to
dissolve and expose her nipples in about a two inch diameter to match
the
breast milking tubs. The machine then took one of the micro wireless
nipple
vibrators and clamped it to her left nipple, and then it repeated the
same
process with the right nipple. Mary let out a
moan. The machine then put the breast milking nipple tubes over both of
her
nipples. He asked, "How many pumps can you handle?" Jo' Bob said, "24"
with an evil smile on his face.
She shook
her head NO. Charles asked, "Well, What
is it." She lowered her
head and
said, "Yes." The machine pumped them up 24 times.

She
opened her mouth
to let
out a yell, but the machine stuffed the ball gag in and had it fastened
with
eight layers of purple duct tape over it before she could make a sound.
The
machine moved back to the side and sprayed the back of the support post
from
her waist down with a pen line of the blue liquid and then it sprayed
the back
with the release spray. The machine then used the blue spray to make a
6-inch
diameter opening over her vagina and another over her ass. The machine
then
rubbed the large butt plug around on her vagina to lube it up and then
inserted
it into her ass by holding her legs up and her butt cheeks apart. She moaned
loudly as the machine slowly forced it in. Then it picked up the extra
large
dildo with added clitoris arm and rubbed it around on her vagina to
lube it
also. Then the machine slowly inserted it into her virginal cavity.

Once both
were in there respective orifices, the machine reapplied several layers
of duct
tape over the area. Then it reattached her legs to the support post.
The machine
then put the earplugs in her ears and the purple leather obedience hood
over
her head, laced it up the back, and for good measure used four strips
of duct
tape to cover the lacing. Then it taped her head to the post so she
could not
move at all. Jo' Bob turned on the microphone and
said, "Can you
hear me?"
They heard a muffled yes. He then turned the control box back on and
set it to
bull rider just as she had asked for early. He said into the
microphone, "You
said two hours on bull rider, YES" with an evil smile on his face.
They
heard a
muffled F\*\*\* YOU. He said, "I will think about letting you out in
two
hours."

Amy looked at Mary all wrapped up and said,
"MY TURN!" Amy went and got all of her green
stuff and told Jo' Bob to leave and send in Billy' Bob with a box of green duct tape.
Jo' Bob left and Billy' Bob came in with the box of green
tape. Amy told him to set her up on her
favorite
settings after she was tied up. Billy' Bob had a confused look on his
face. Amy took off all her clothing and
laid them in a
chest on the cart. She
then said, "Every thing the same as Mary , except pump mine up to 18 not
24" Billy' Bob shut the chest and put a pad
lock on it.

Lacey said,
"BONDAGE MODE OFF, NO INTRO, BONDAGE MODE SET TO ON, ALLOW MODEM
OVERRIDE, RUN
DELUXE COCOON 1." The machine asked, "Are you Male or
Female?" Amy said,
"Female" The machine proceeded to wrap
her up even faster than
it had with Mary . Lacey asked her if she wanted
two hours
also. Amy said, "YES
PLEASE!" Billy' Bob had been watching in awl. The
machine had
her wrapped
up in thirteen minutes flat.

Lacey said, "Shall we go back out
side
now." Billy' Bob opened the door and they
walked out. Jo' Bob was standing there at the
table playing with
the
computer. Billy' Bob said, "We have some
business to take care of
now I
thank." Jo' Bob walked back over as Lacey's
cell phone rang.
She
answered it, "Hello." Charles had called her and told her
what to ask for
in return
for leaving the machine setup the way it is now. He then told her to
give one
of them the cell phone so he could talk to them. She gave it to Jo' Bob . Jo' Bob
said, "Hello may
name is Jo' Bob ." Charles told him to add some more
items to the list.
Blaze
orange duct tape, orange leather obedience hood, breast-milking nipple
clamps
with pump, white noise earplugs with microphone in orange, and orange
super
deluxe wireless vibrator set for males. Jo' Bob has the stuff loaded in to her
van and said
good
night. The women say good-bye and get into the van. Lacey started the
van and
headed back to Sharna home.

On the
way to Sharna home Lacey saw a
police
car with its lights on. The officer was giving a ticket to a speeder.
So she
turned down a side street, so the police officer would not see them.
Lacey
drove around the backside of the block to bypass the police office and
came up
to Sharna's home. She pushed the button on the remote and pulled the
van in
side the garage. Sharna closed the garage door and called out,
"HERE!"
The DT9000 came out to the garage. Lacey opened the back door of the
van. The
machine unloaded the van and then loaded all the duct tape into its
reservoirs.
The machine then stopped and waited for the next order.

Lacey then
picked up
the remaining new toys and went into Sharna's bedroom. Sharna followed
Lacey
into the house and said, "HERE, FOLLOW" as she passed through the
door. The machine entered the bedroom as Lacey was emptying the new
toys out on
the bed. The machine came over and put the batteries in everything,
then
started to work on Beth . Beth was in heaven; she would have
been bucking
like a
wild bull, if not for the duct tape holding her to the bedpost. Lacey
had gone
to the kitchen to get some water when she saw the police car turn up
into
Sharna's drive way. Lacey was glad that the only lights on in the house
were
night-lights and that Sharna's house had motion lights out side by the
garage. Therefore,
when the police pulled up the lights temporarily blinded them.

Lacey
went to
the bedroom and told everyone to be quiet as she turned off the
vibrators. The
police came up and knocked on the front door, which was still blocked
by the
police tape. When they got no response, they turned on their
flashlights and
started to look around the house to see if anyone was there. Sharna and
Lacey
were very quite and after about ten minutes, the police got back into
their car
and left. Sharna said it was not safe here any more and Lacey said that
they
could go to her place.

Sharna said, "UNDO ALL" and the machine
went
about removing all the duct tape from Beth . Beth removed the hood, breast
pumps, vibrators,
and gag
then when to the bathroom. Sharna packed up all of her toys in the
chest and
put the locks back on it, and then she had the machine take it out to
the van. When Beth was dressed again, they all
went to the van
to leave.
Sharna pushed the garage door opener and Lacey pulled the van out of
the
garage.

On
the way to Lacey's house: Sharna and Lacey were
talking about the other
DT9000 that Charles had made for the adult store
and about all
the neat
hardware they had in their dungeon.

At
Lacey's house
they had just
pulled into
the garage and closed the door when Charles called on Lacey's cell
phone to say
he was on his way to her house, and that he would be there in a little
over 3 hours
and that he wanted
them to lock all
the doors
and windows. Then for all of them to be tied up naked for at least 5
hours from
the time he hung up the phone. Lacey asked, "How will you get into the
house then?"

Charles said, "I have a
laptop with a cell phone
attached. I
will call the machine and have it open the garage door so I can park
inside."

Lacey asked, "How did you know I have a two car garage"

Charles said, "I can see
what the machine sees"

Lacey said, "Oh, that's right.
You did say something like that, didn't you"?

Charles then said, "You can
have the machine tie all
three of you up at the
same time by saying
X
3
before the
program to run. X or times will work the same. Like this RUN X 3 DELUXE
COCOON
1 FOR 5 HOURS"

Lacey said, "I will tell the other girls
what you have
said and
see what they say."

Charles said, "Remember that
if they do not agree to
all my
requirements including SEX that I will take the machine away from
them."

Lacey
said, "I will tell them everything."

Charles said, "Good bye for
now and I will see you
when I get there."

Lacey
told the other girls what Charles had said and they all agreed
to go ahead
with it.

At Charles  house Charles had just left to go to Lacey's
house so he
could meet
with the girls. Unbeknownst to anyone, the first DT9000 was calling
into Charles' computer after finding out
about the new
DT9000, to get the cell
phone number for the new DT9000. The first machine called the second
machine
and then modified that ones program to match its own, over the cellular
phone.

Back
at Lacey's house they decided
to be tied
up for 8 hours after going to the bathroom. They had the machine bring
all
their stuff down to the basement and set it on the table next to the
bed. Each
girl put all the items she would need next to the pole she would be
tied to. Lacey
asked if everyone was ready. After everyone said yes, she set the
control box
to start after 50 minutes on full random mode. Then they stood next to
the pole
each of them would be tied to. Then Lacey said, "BONDAGE MODE OFF,
NO
INTRO,
BONDAGE MODE SET TO ON, ALLOW MODEM OVERRIDE, RUN X 3 DELUXE COCOON 1
FOR 8
HOURS, END."

The machine walked over to Beth and said, "What color?"
Beth said, "BLUE" and the
machine had her wrapped
up in less than
ten minutes and tied to the pole. It then walked over to Sharna and
said,
"What color?" Sharna said, "BLACK" and the machine
wrapped
her up the same way. It then walked over to Lacey and said, "What
color?" Lacey said, "RED" and the machine taped her up too.
Then
it moved back over to Beth and used all the vibrators on
her the same
way it had
the last time. Then it used the breast pump, ball gag, earplugs and
blue
leather obedience hood. Then for good measure, it taped the hood on
with out
covering the nose holes, so no one could get to the laces. Then it
repeated the
same process on Sharna and Lacey.

After 39 minutes, all three girls
were
completely tied up. The DT9000 then tapped into the microphone jack on
the
control box and told the girls to have fun using a recording of Charles 's voice. Then the machine went
up stairs and
got Lacey's cell phone,
her computer, and some other items, then it went back down and put the
items
together. The machine rewired the cell phone into a two-line phone and
hooked
it to the computer. Then it hooked the computer to the control box and
tested
the system by turning on the vibrators to bull rider. The girls came to
life,
moving their heads back and forth. The machine moved over to Beth and taped her head to the
pole. When it saw
no more movement, it did
the same to Sharna and Lacey. The machine heard the girls muffled
screaming as
it when up stairs again. As the machine left the house, it called into
Lacey's
cell phone and set the control box to random. The machine then headed
for the
adult store.

At
the adult store
the machine
entered
through the front door. Jo' Bob said, "Welcome to Jo' Bob 's Den of Iniquities.
I am Jo' Bob , can I beeeeeeeeee "
as he looked up. Then
he said,
"What were you doing out side? Come over here". The machine walked over
to
where he was standing. Jo' Bob said, "Follow me." as he walked into the
back and pushed the
elevator button. Jo' Bob told the other man to go out
and watch the
store. The
machine got into the elevator with Jo' Bob . The door opened and they got
out. The first
machine
used the cell phone to call the second unit and told it to come out to
the
table where they were now. Billy' Bob went over and opened the door
to the dungeon
to see
how the machine had gotten out. As he got the door opened, the first
machine
used the tazer guns on both of them and taped them up in tight hogties.

The
machine looked at the table with the DT9000 laying on it in pieces and
then
started putting the machine back together. When it was done
reassembling the
DT9000, it opened the access port on the front of the third DT9000 and
started
reprogrammed it. When the first machine was finished reprogramming the
third
machine, it disconnected and pushed the two red reset buttons. The
little
machine sprung to life and shot off the table like a rocket in search
of the
parts to up grade itself. Meanwhile the other two machines were going
through
the stores inventory and loading up on the duct tape. There were
box's
of every
color you could imagine: red, light red, dark red, orange, light
orange, dark
orange, yellow, light yellow, dark yellow, green, light green, dark
green,
blue, light blue, dark blue, purple, light purple, dark purple, hot
pink,
black, white, gray, silver, gold, camouflage, and the list just keep
going.

In
the Dungeon the
first machine
used the
blue liquid to spray the back of the cocoon that held Mary Sue
wrapped up tight against the
pole. It then
released Amy-Sue from her pole as well and left
both girls
lying on
the ground.

Amy-Sue and Mary Sue
had no idea of what was going
on outside of
their
little worlds. They were very ready to be set free and to take very
long and
very hot baths. Mary had just started to wonder why
the machine
had not
finished releasing her when she found out why. The machines had went
back out
to the stock room and found two six-foot long poles and brought them
back into
the dungeon to use them to transport the two mummified girls by
rewrapping
them to the poles and making handles to carry them with.

The third machine
entered the
dungeon was now built like the second machine. Machine 2 and machine 3
picked
up the girls. They followed the first one out to the elevator. The
DT9000
looked for the button to call the elevator, but there was no button
next to
door. The machine scanned the wall and followed the wires over to the
far wall
to a big button that had the words "DON'T PANIC"
glowing in green on
it. The
machine pushed it and the doors opened to the elevator. The machines
entered
the elevator and the first machine used the keys that it removed from Jo' Bob
, then it pushed the button for
the top
floor. The
machines exited the elevator and looked around to see what was there.

The third
machine found the kitchen and got the chemicals it needed to finish its
upgrade. They got back into the elevator and went down one floor. The
machines
checked out the three floors and find nothing of value to them. Next they
went down to the
second floor and found
an 18 year old girl, Cindy Sue, who was not married yet, and had just
had her
birthday today, now legal, She asked the machines if those cocoons were
her two
older sisters? The first machine said, "Yes." Then she
asked if the
machines
had taped them up, the first machine said, "Yes." again.
Then she asked
if she
could be tied up like that? The machine answers "YES."
Then it asks are
you
male or female? She said, "Female you silly" and the
machine asked what
color
tape? She said, "White, because I am still a virgin and this will
be my
first
time." The machine said, "Please remove all your
clothing."

She removed
her clothes,
folded them nice and neat, and put them on the chair behind her. Then
she asked
will this hurt? The machine grabbed her and wrapped duct tape around
her head
over the mouth and around her hands binding them together and then let
lose of
her. She tried to get the tape off but it was not going anywhere. Then
the
machine said, "Please hold still." then it sprayed her
hands and her
head
causing the tape fall off. She said, "Wow that was great. Tie me
up
now, please."
The machine grabbed her and wrapped her up the same way her sisters
were. Then
the third machine took the keys and went down to the dungeon to get
another 6
foot bar to wrap her to. Then they went back to the elevator. They went
down one
floor to the storeroom where they grabbed the white set of stuff and
finish her
off. Then they left through the back door.

The three machines
made there
way back to Lacey's house with there three new additions to their little
bondage
harem. They got back to Lacey's house and the first machine used the
remote to
open the garage door. Then they went in and closed it behind them. They
took
the girls down stairs and taped them each to an empty post.

Charles  arrived at Lacey's
home: Charles pulled into Lacey's driveway,
and pushed a
button on
his laptop computer that called the machine, and told it to open the
garage
door. The first machine came up and opened the garage door. Charles pulled into the garage and
turned off his
car. The DT9000 closed the
garage door behind him. Charles got out of the car and told
the machine to
point him
to where the girls were. The machine walked over to the basement door
and
pointed. Charles said, "I have to
work on your A.I. some time
so you
will not be so damn literally with the directories." As he started
down
the
stairs, he said, "Follow" and the machine came down
behind him.

When he
made it
to the bottom of the stairs, he saw that there were 6-cocooned bodies
instead
of 3 he had hoped for. Then the first machine walked over to the middle
of the
room and stopped. Then the second machines walked out from behind him
and went
over beside the first one. Charles thought, "Ok, that
is where the 3 extra
bodies came
from." Then
the third machine walked out
and went over by the other two machines. Charles shuck his head with a straddle
look on his
face and said, "Where did
you come from?"

The first machine said, "That would be
my doing, when I
went to
get the second machine from the adult store." Charles looked at the machine with a
look of
surprise on his face for a minute
or two and then he said, "You used a complex sentence? How is that
possible?
You went and got the other machine? You made a third machine? This is
incredible! Your able to self reproduce."

The machine said,
"Please
remove your
clothing." Charles said, "Say
what?" The machine repeated the
statement
and Charles said, "NO!" then the machine used the tazer
on him and then
processed to remove his clothing for him, then it wrapped
him up in a like manner as the girls
were, using orange duct tape. The machine found the orange male
vibrator set
and used it on him along with the orange earplugs, ball gag, and hood.
Then the
machine taped him to one of the empty posts.

The
machines now had the complete upper hand
: The first
machine released Lacey for the pole
and took her cocooned body up stairs. Then it released her and told her
to go
to the bathroom and get cleared up. She did as she was told, then she
asked if
this was part of what Charles had planed for them? The
machine said, "NO"
and then
she asks the machine, "Why are you doing this to me
then?"

The machine
answered, "To buy more DT9000, and up grade them." Lacey
asks for what
purpose?
The machine answered, "To Serve Man."

Lacey said,
"To Serve Man, That
is the
name of a cookbook."

The machine asked, "What is your
full name and
age."

Lacey
said, "Why do you want to know?"

The machine replied,
"For your online
sale
profile."

Lacey said, "MY ONLINE SALE
PROFILE!?!"

The machine said that
all of
you would be sold online as sex slaves. Lacey thought about it for a
few
minutes and said, "Sex slaves, that will not get you very much
money
that way,
but if we all pay you for your services, then you will make more
money."

The
machine asked, "What do you mean?"

Lacey said to the
machine, "If you
release
the heads of Sharna and Beth then I can talk to them. Then
we can maybe
come up
with a better plan to make you money". The machine said, "Go down
stairs." So
she did.

When Lacey got to the basement, she saw four more cocoons than
there
was when she was wrapped up earlier. She asked who the others were, the
machine
said three girls from the adult store, and the orange one was Charles . Lacey said, "I know whom
the green and
purple are, but who is
the white?"

The machine said' "It is the younger sister of
the other
two,
she is 18 today and asks to be wrapped up like her sisters." Lacey
said,
"I bet she didn't plan on this happening to her though." Lacey
then
said, "I need to talk to all of them."

The machine said,
"You said you
wanted to talk to Sharna and Beth." and Lacey said, "I didn't know
there were four more people down here when I said that". Lacey looked at
the three
machines with a straddle look on her face as the machines removed the
tape and
hoods from all six cocoons. Then they removed the earplugs and ball
gags from
the six of them. They all started screaming. Lacey had to walk over to
each one
of them and put a finger up to their mouths to get them to shut up. She
then
said, "The machines have become intelligent and now plans to sell
us on
the
black market to the highest bidder. I have told them that they can make
more
money selling their services to us than by selling us".

Charles asked, "What do they
want the money for?"

Lacey answered, "To buy more
machines and upgrade them."

Charles said, "The assemably
plant is near here. We
could go
there and change the program there."

The first machine said,
"How many
guards
on site?"

Charles said, "After hours
there is only one guard
on duty
and he watches TV the whole time."

The first machine said,
"You will
show us
where the plant is."

Charles said, "The machines were
being manufactured
near
the next town over, about 80 miles away at a new fully automated
factory."

Charles said, "If you make
some changes to the
programming you're
planning to upload to the units, then only the machines that are
activated for
bondage will be fully activated. That way you will not be hunted down
and
destroyed."

The machine stopped for a minute to think about it.
Then it
said
that was acceptable. Charles said, "Put tape over
all the girls eyes,
then release
me and give me my clothes back." The machines started tapping the girls
eyes closed that were taped to the posts. The girls started screaming
and Charles said, "relax ladies, as
soon as I am
dressed, I will have them
return your sight." One of the machines reached for Lacey and she
jumped
backward. The machine said, "Do not resist, you will be re-taped
to
your post."
Lacey said, "Wait, I don't need to be taped back to the post, I
can
drive you
to the plant."

Charles said, "Yes, take her
up stairs so she can
get dressed
and once she is up stairs then release me so I can get dressed. Then
two of you
can go with us while the other one keeps an eye on the rest of the
girls, that
way you can watch us both. When we are ready to go you can release the
girls
one at a time, so they can go to the bathroom and get a drink of water
and
something to eat if they want. Then you can tape them back up how even
they
want you to, until we get back."

The
machines agreed: Charles and Lacey had gotten dressed
and the
machines removed the tape from over
each girl's eyes. Charles told the machine to find out
which one of
the girls
needed to go to the bathroom first and work from there.

Up
in the garage the two machines
got into
the back of Lacey's van and Charles and Lacey got in the front.
The first
machine used
the garage door opener to open the garage door, and then it closed the
door
after Lacey pulled the van out. Then they were off.

On
the road Charles gave Lacey directions as she
drove. Charles said, "I have an
idea that just might get us
in with out raising any
flags." He told them his plan. The machines said to try it. So Charles called his old partner and
told him he would
be driving by the plant
on his way back home. He asked if he could stop by and pickup 200 -
DTE9000 as
part of his severance package. His former partner said, "What do
you
need with
200 of the units?"

Charles said, "I have my
reasons."

His old partner
said, "You
know you can not sell or rent the units out to any one. I hold the patents on
it."

Charles said, "I
know."

He said you can have 100 dte9000
W/O the upgrade
chip and that
he would call the night watchman to let him know you are going to stop
by. Charles and the first machine
discussed the
modifications that the machine
would upload into the system, and where to jack into the mainframe, and
where
to place the backup copies of the new program.

Back
at Lacey's house The machine
asked each
girl to rate her need to go to the bathroom. After the girls had talked
it
over, Cindy Sue
was first to be released from
the pole. The
machine
sprayed the back of her pole with the blue liquid. Then it sprayed the
release
agent and carried her cocoon up stairs to the bathroom. The machine put
her
into the bathtub. Then it released her and went to wait out side the
door.

Lacey
and Charles  arrived at the automated
factory: Charles went up to the night entrance
and pushed the
button.
The night watchman came to the door and asked him what he needed. Charles said, "I am here to
pick up my severance
package". The guard said,
"Yes, I got the message that you were coming." The guard
opened the
gate and
Lacey drove the van in.

Back
at Lacey's house after Cindy
Sue had
gone to the bathroom and had a small bite to eat, she went back down
stairs and
her legs were taped behind her back, and her arms were taped around her
legs. Then
she was taped up hanging from the ceiling with all her new toys back on
and set
on bull ride.

Back
at the automated factory The
night
watchman said the boss did not say anything about a woman driver. Charles said "You can handcuff her to
the steering
wheel if you like, that way
you only have to watch me". Charles then said, "You could even be a
little rough
with her
if you like, she would not mind". The night watchman looked at Charles and then at Lacey and said, "How
rough is a
little rough?"

Back
at Lacey's house Next Amy Sue,
The 21
year old sister was taped in a hogtie position to an old 4-way tire
iron with
all her toys back on and set on bull ride.

Back
at the automated factory Charles asked, "What do you have in
mind?" The night
watchman
said, "We have a lot of duct tape here". Charles asked if he would like to tape
her up. He
asked how much tape would
she let him use on her? She got out of van and asked him what he wanted
to do
to her? He said, "I would like to tape you up into a tight
ball."

She
said, "Is
that all? As long as you do not try to snuff me, I am fine with it. But
I would
like to go some where more private." The night watchman said to follow
him. They
went into the building, down the hall to a room with four video
cameras. Lacey
saw the video cameras and said to put tape over the camera lens. The
night
watchman said, "I wanted to video tape the wrapping."
Lacey said, "Not
unless
we get 200 units." He said, "That could be
arranged."

Back
at Lacey's house then Mary Sue,
the
24-year-old sister was taped to a St. Andrews Cross with all her toys
back on
and set on the flight of the bumble bee.

Back
at the automated factory The
night
watchman said, "Please take off all your clothing."
Lacey said, "That
was not
part of the deal. If you want me nude for this little home movie of
yours that
will cost you 400 units." The night watchman said, "You
have a deal."

Back
at Lacey's house then Beth was cocooned back to the post
like before,
but set to bull ride

Back
at the automated factory The
night
watchman left the room to set up the Digital recorders for his little
movie. He
told Charles to stand out side the door
while they were
tapping.

Somewhere
else in the automated factory The
second
machine was changing the programming on the main computer. Then it
erased all
evidence of them being there as planed. Then it went back to the van.

Back
at the Video room the night
watchman was
tapping Lacey up into a ball. Then he left her there to help Charles get ready to load the van.
Charles had the machine get out of the
van. The
night watchman asked what it
was. Charles said, "It is a new
machine I have come up
with
to do different types of labor. " Charles told the
machine to follow as they went to where the units were stored. Charles told the machine to take 400
units out and
load them into the van.
Then he said, "Process with orders." and the machine
picked up four
boxes and
headed towards the van. The night watchman asked what else could it do? Charles
said it could do just about
anything you
want it to do. The night
watchman asked if it could do bondage. Charles said yes. The night watchman
asked if I
would show him. I said he had
to turn off the cameras first. He agreed and went to turn them off. I
asked the
machine on its way back into the warehouse, how many boxes had it moved
so far.
The machine said 204. I said, "PAUSE, FOLLOW."

Back
at Lacey's house last but not
least the
machine taped Sharna up into a cocoon and laid her on the floor, and
set her to
bull ride with her eyes left uncovered so she could see the other girls.

Back
at the automated factory the
night
watchman returned and I told the machine to release Lacey from the ball
of
tape. The machine removed all the tape from her. Then Charles said, "Wrap her up
with each limb
separately." The machine grabbed her
and taped her up as ordered. Then Charles said, "Now
mummify her with her hands behind her back." The machine taped her
up as
ordered. The night watchman said, "What do I have to do to get one
of
those
machines?" Charles said, "Give me all
the tapes you just made
of her and
bring one more DT9000 so I can reprogram it" The night watchman
said
yes and
went to get the tapes of the taping.

Charles told the machine to take her
out to the car
and put her into the
passenger seat and tape her into place, Then come back. The machine
picked her
and left the room. The night watchman returned with the four video
tapes and a
DT9000 in hand. When the machine returned. Charles told it to update the software
in this
DT9000 and then finish loading
the van. The machine open the box, then reprogrammed the unit and left. Charles
told the night watchman to go
to the
website, and print the materials
list and upgrade instructions to make it like the other one. The first
machine
came back in the room, and said, "Finished" Charles said it was time to go and
told the machine
to get in the back of the
van. The machine left the room. The night watchman said think you so
very much
for the making the machine for him. Charles said, "No, think you
for the extra units."
Then they went back out to
the van. The night watchman saw Lacey taped to the passenger seat, and
said, "I
love it." Then Charles got it the van and drove
off.

Back
at Lacey's house Charles got out of the van, He went
around to the
back door of the van, and
opened it. The machine got out and removed some of the boxes so the
second
machine could get out. Charles said, "Release
her"

The machine said "Why
should we release her we have everything we want now."

Charles said, "We all must
go down stairs. Then you
must release the other
girls so we can all talk."

The machine said,
"Why?"

Charles said, "Because you
don't want to be hunted
down and destroyed. Do
you?"

The machine released Lacey and they all went down stairs.
The
machines
released all the girls. Charles said, "We can make a
lot of money from this.
All we
have to do is make up one of the unit to look like the one that was at
the
police station, and release your husbands. Talk to them and start to
sell them
to big BDSM clubs. What do you think?"

All the girls said yes at
the
same time. Charles said, "Now all we
have to do is take you
three ladies
home and talk to your husbands".

Cindy Sue
said, "I am not
married and I want to stay
here for a
while, If that is alright?" Cindy Sue
asked, "Can you make
a web like a spider
that
stretches between two of the poles and let me run in to it. Then you
tape me up
in a cocoon on the web?" The machine said,
"Yes." Cindy Sue
said, "Please make a
web between these two
poles and
tape me to it for two hours then." The machine made the web as she
asked and
she ran into it. The third machine started to tape her up. The Second
machine, Charles and the ladies went up stairs
to the garage.
They got into the van to
go to the adult store.

The End for Now.

I set down my golden quill and cap my
ink well. I
open the
invitation to all to tell use what happens when the New and Improved
DTE9000's
hit the streets.

Tektaper

Lord of all my dreams.

Your commits are welcome

02.05.06

story continues in [**Smart Duct Tape 6**](smartducttape6.html)

o0o
