---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/surprises.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Surprises
authors:
- RG Bargy
tags:
- F/f
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- tease
- toys
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-09 00:00:00
---

Sarah
was furious when she found the box of magazines at the back of the wardrobe.
Tom and her were approaching their 10th wedding anniversary, yet she did not
know of the existence of this box or it’s contents. How long had he been
collecting them? Some looked pretty tatty. What did he want them for? Well
maybe she could guess that. But why? She thought they were happily married.
She was happily married, at least she thought she was. She had everything she
had ever wanted, a house, a secure and interesting job, and a loving husband.
They had no children but that was not important. She had a career and that had
always come first. Tom had a good job, and his football, she thought that had
been enough, but now she found this. There must have been over twenty
magazines. The titles left nothing to the imagination. "Bondage in the
Buff"; "101 pictures of Nude Bondage"; Bondage in the Raw" - volume 1,
volume 2 and so on.

She
knew that Tom had some interest in bondage, that had come up years ago, she
had been disgusted by it then, and now to find this. Her first thought was to
throw them in the bin, no, someone might see them. Burn them perhaps? No, she
knew magazines like this were not cheap, and he would probably get some more
and just hide them somewhere else, in the loft perhaps, she never went up
there. Perhaps she should go up there, who knows what she might find. Best to
confront him with it. But what could she say? 
She needed some advice, someone who might understand. Caroline, her
sister, she was pretty unshockable, she’d talk to her. In the mean time she
had better put the box back where she found it.

The
next few days were very difficult for Sara. She found it hard to look Tom in
the eye and her mind kept visualising the magazines. She had to wait for
Saturday when she could invite Caroline round and Tom would be chasing round
the country to watch his beloved team loose another match, actually they were
doing quite well this year but that did not make it any more interesting to
her.

Caroline
arrived with a slightly quizzical look. Obviously Sarah had not concealed her
anxiety very well. After the obligatory cup of coffee they transferred to the
bedroom.

"I
found this." Sarah said simply. Handing over the offending box.

"Ooh,
naughty magazines." Said Caroline without looking at them.

"Not
quite Playboy." Sarah ventured as near sarcastically as she could manage in
the circumstances.

"Hmm.
So I see. You do not find these on most top shelves. Tom must have gone to
some trouble to find them."

"That’s
all very interesting." Sara was exasperated. "But what do I do now?"

"What
do you want to do?"

"Burn
them."

"That
would be a waste."

Sarah
tried to decide whether her sister was being serious or having her on. She was
never a hundred percent sure but this time it looked genuine. She opened her
mouth but nothing came out.

"Quite
a good impression of a goldfish, but not very inspiring." Caroline mused,
obviously enjoying her sister’s discomfort. "Oh you are such a prude
Sis."

Sarah
found herself going bright red. "I don’t know what you mean." She
retorted

"Oh
yes you do. Here’s Tom crying out for a little bit of attention and all you
can do is get uppity."

"Crying
out for attention!" She shouted "Damn it, he hid them in the back of the
wardrobe!"

"Well
he could have put them where you would not find them."

Sarah
stopped. "What are you trying to say. He wanted me to find them?"

"Well
maybe not consciously, but I’m sure he could have tried harder to hide
them."

"Well
I’ve found them. Now what?"

"How
about letting him tie you up?"

"You
are kidding. He suggested that ten years ago, I refused then..."

"So
he started buying magazines" Caroline interrupted. "Have you looked at
them?"

"Of
course not"

"Perhaps
you should."

"Why?"

"They
probably show what Tom is looking for."

"I’m
not into all this whips and chains malarkey."

"I
don’t see any whips. Or chains for that matter. Just naked women tied up
with rope."

"But
why? It’s not as if I refuse to have sex with him I give him all the
attention he could ever want."

"But
you won’t let him tie you up."

"Why
should I?"

"Because
he wants to. Besides, you might like it."

"You
really must be joking."

Caroline
said nothing but the smile that crept across her face was very disarming.

"Wait
a minute. Does Martin tie you up?"

"He
might have."

"Did
you enjoy it.?"
"Eventually."

"What
do you mean?

"Well
I got very frustrated until he eventually let me cum. But, boy did I cum."

"Do
you do it often?"

"No.
Martin is not really interested."

"But
you are."

"Not
really. I prefer to be in control. But it was interesting for an
experiment."

"Perhaps
you should have married Tom."

"No.
It’s obvious he wants to be the one doing the tying. I would prefer to be
the one in charge."

"I
seem to have gone to the wrong person."

"On
the contrary. I think you have come to the right one. Tell me, do you trust
Tom?"

"Implicitly."

"Then
why won’t you let him tie you up?"

"Because
I don't want to, besides I might not like it."

"You'll'
never know if you do not try."

"And
how do I find out without letting him try? If I start and then immediately
stop it will be worse than not starting.."

"I
could give you a taster."

Sarah
could not miss the gleam in her sister’s eye.

"But
can I trust you?"

"I’ve
done it before, don’t you remember? "

It
took a few seconds to rake through childhood memories.

"At
camp."

Sara
remembered. "That was a long time ago, and we were just kids."

"Well
they say your childhood shapes your life."

"I’m
yet to be convinced, besides, we were a little young to be thinking about
sexual fantasies."

Caroline
shrugged mischievously.

"OK,
OK,  I trust you. I think. Where do
you want me?"

"Not
now. I need to prepare some things. Tell you what. We’ll do this again next
week. Only I will bring some rope with me."

Sarah
was about to call a halt, but muttered."I look forward to it."

Caroline
quickly changed the subject. The box was replaced and Tom would still be none
the wiser.

If
a few days were difficult, then a week was sheer hell. Sara could not
concentrate on anything.  The look
that Caroline gave as she said her goodbyes was enough to send Sara into a
blind panic. She loved her sister. They had been very close, but Caroline was
actually two years younger than her and had always been a little bit more
reckless. The fact that she had experimented in bondage should not have
surprised Sara at all. What had she gotten into? She even took another look at
the magazines. The women did not seem to be enjoying things much, but neither
were they in any obvious pain, save some of the contortions they had been put
into. She hoped that Caroline would keep things simple. Hands behind or
perhaps lying on the bed. Perhaps she did not ought to think of it.

Tom
left early Saturday. He said it was an away game somewhere in the Midlands and
that he would be back around ten o’clock. Caroline arrived eagerly at three,
sporting a bulging shoulder bag.

"All
set?" She asked

Sarah
just nodded.

"Good,
I’ve been looking forward to this all week."

"I
don’t suppose I can back out then?"

"Just
think of all the fun you will be giving Tom. Caroline assured her. "And
me." She added mischievously. "Up you go."

"What
now?"

"No
time like the present."

Caroline
went meekly upstairs.

The
master bedroom was modest in size but not cluttered. Apart from the bed there
was a dressing table and chair. The wardrobe and cupboards were built in
leaving plenty of space to walk around in. Caroline placed the chair in the
middle of the space with a flourish.

"Your
throne awaits." She announced.

Sarah
went to sit down.

"Hold
it. You are a little over dressed."

Sara
flushed. "But."

"No
buts. The pictures are all of naked women."

"But
this is only a trial."

"An
undressed rehearsal." Caroline quipped.

It
was embarrassing undressing in front of her sister. She had done it hundreds
of times before of course, but they were only children.

"All
of it." Caroline nodded her approval.

"The
years have been good to you Sis."

Sara
flushed again.

"Over
here, turn round, hands behind."

Sara
involuntarily closed her eyes. Caroline expertly bound her hands behind her
back. A quick tug proved beyond doubt that she was held.

"Sit."

To
her surprise Sarah relaxed. It was out of her control now, as Caroline
proceeded to tie her firmly to the chair she just sat there and let it all
happen. Her feet were tied together, with another rope under her knees and a
third over her thighs. Ropes circled her waist and upper torso just below the
breasts.

"How's
that?" Caroline asked.

"Very
uncomfortable. Did you have to tie so tight?"

"Well
we don’t want you to escape do we?"

"Not
much chance of that." Sara concluded. "Now what? 
Its not exactly very sexy being trussed up like a chicken."

"You’re
not looking from where I’m standing." Caroline assured her. "You look
very tempting."

Sara
struggled involuntarily.

"You
wriggle nicely." Caroline complemented.

Sarah
flushed even more than before. She looked at her sister and decided she had
made a mistake. As her sister approached the urge to escape became
overpowering.

"Just
relax Sis. You’re not going anywhere, and we have only just started."

Caroline
playfully tweaked a nipple. Sara jumped internally. Encouraged Caroline
addressed the other nipple.

"Just
to give you an idea." She said sweetly.

Sara
growled, but her nipples swelled briefly.

"The
idea of bondage is to tease and tantalise but prevent self stimulation and
relief" Caroline informed her. "Do you fancy me?"

"You
are my sister."

"I
know, but it’s not incest between girls."

"I
didn’t know you had lesbian tendencies."

"You
did not know that I had bondage tendencies either." She said coyly.

"Well
you can’t do much with my legs tight together."

"We
shall see, besides, how do you propose to stop me opening them?"

Sara
considered this for a moment. With her upper torso bound as it was and her
hands behind her the only thing she could do was try and hold her legs
together with her thigh muscles, and it would not take much for her sister to
overcome such resistance.

"Don't
worry. For now you can just watch."

Caroline
rummaged dramatically in her bag and produced a large shiny vibrator.

"Have
you got one of these?" She asked

Sara
nodded.

"Well
this one’s mine. And I’m going to use it." She paused for effect. "On
me."

Caroline
stripped quickly. She was not at all embarrassed and she knew Sara would not
be impressed with a slow strip tease. She placed herself on the bed in full
view of her bound sister.

"Now,
just imagine Tom was here, doing this to you."

Caroline
left little to the imagination. She lay with her legs parted allowing Sara a
view of her   shaved pubic
region.. She slowly worked herself up into a frenzy, kneeding her own breasts,
stroking and using the vibrator to great effect. She writhed dramatically
grinding her hips and shaking her head from side to side in ecstasy. Sara was
mesmerised.  Caroline enjoyed
several orgasms and then allowed herself a few moments to recover. She offered
one more glimpse of her now soaking wet pussy and then licked the vibrator
seductively.

"Now."
She said slowly, "How about I give you a little bit more attention… "

Sara
tensed as her sister approached. She had little doubt about her intentions.
The first touch was like a bolt of lightning. Mercilessly Caroline teased and
tormented her bound sister. She pulled and sucked at each nipple in turn then
took great delight in holding one in each hand. Sara had never been handled
this way and was powerless to prevent it. Caroline was almost in a frenzy,
rubbing herself against her sister and sitting on her lap and grinding at her
with her bottom. She released Sara’s legs and forced them apart tying one to
each leg of the chair, both at the ankle and the knee. Any attempt to struggle
was futile. Sara now felt very vulnerable. Her legs forced wide and her vagina
exposed. The attentions of her sister had produced a kind of itch down there
that she was unable to scratch.

The
vibrator was run up and down the inside of her thighs, touching the outside of
her vagina but never going in. Sara sweated and writhed as her as her bonds
would let her, but there was no relief. Suddenly Caroline stopped and backed
away.

"I’d
love to go on, but that might spoil you for later." She said and turned to
get dressed.
Later! What did she mean later? Sara looked at her sister wide eyed.

"I
have a little surprise for you Sis. The magazines: they are mine. The box:
that’s mine too. And Tom? Well the match was actually at home. He is due
here around six. You should be just about ready by then."

Sara
opened her mouth to say something but for the second time in a week words
failed her.

Caroline
playful felt inside her sister’s pussy. Sara gasped at the intrusion but the
fingers were removed before any stimulation could be made.

"Hmm.
Maybe you also have lesbian tendencies."

Sara
shook her head. "Let me go." She pleaded.

"No
can do. Tom and I have been planning this for months. I get you for three
hours. He gets you for the rest of the night, lucky sod. Pity I can’t have
the pleasure of seeing you cum. Maybe some other time."

Sara
fought her bonds bravely but with no result.

"Now
let’s see, how can we prepare you for hubby."

Caroline
picked out another length of rope. She proceeded to wrap it over and under her
helpless sisters breasts making them stand out and encouraging her nipples to
swell to their fullest extent.

"One
more thing."

Another
rummage. Sara recognised the device from the magazines. Her attempt to prevent
the insertion of the gag were not successful.

"We
can’t have you bad mouthing your husband can we?"

Sara
shook her head in frustration. Caroline rubbed her sister’s nipples
vigorously.

"Come
come now, Tom will be here soon enough."

The
time passed almost as a dream, or maybe it was a nightmare. Caroline played
her sister's sexual feelings keeping her hot and frustrated, a little touch
here, a stroke there. The itch had grown to a dull ache and her muscles ached
with the uneven fight against the ropes. When the bedroom door opened she
almost fainted. Tom’s eyes were ravenous. Caroline disappeared almost as if
by magic.

"Well,
well." He said quietly. "Just as Caroline promised. You have a very
devious sister dearest."

Sara
mewed ineffectively through the gag.

"Not
now dear. I want to drink in the sights. Do you know how long I have wanted to
see this?"

Sara
stopped struggling. Tom’s eyes were full of desire. She had not seen that
look in years. His eyes traced over every inch of her. She had no doubt that
he would take full advantage of the situation.

Tom
approached slowly. He ran his hands ever so gently over her upper body
avoiding her now sensitised nipples.

"You
won’t scream or shout will you." He said gently. "But I want a kiss."

He
reached behind her head and unbuckled the device. Immediately after it fell
away it was replaced by his mouth. He kissed hard and probed deep almost
gagging her. Tom’s kisses could melt her in a second. When he eventually
came up for air Sara was panting hard and more aroused than she had ever been.
Damn these ropes.

"Now.
Where to begin."

"Are
you going to untie me?" She asked desperately.

"Eventually
my love.  But first I want to enjoy
the package as presented to me."

"I
don’t know if I can take any more." She moaned struggling futilely. Her
sister was obviously more experienced at rope tying than she had let on.

"We’ll
see."

Tom
was much more gentle than Caroline. He knew his wife well. He knew where to
touch, and how to touch it. He caressed each tortured tit right up to the
nipple and kissed them better. He nibbled around her neck and ears and was
pleased with the responding shivers and struggles. He knelt between her legs
and kissed his way right up to her pussy. Then he sneaked his tongue inside.
It was like an explosion inside her head.

"Please,"
she cried," Don’t stop."

Tom
needed no further encouragement. His tongue danced around her clitoris sending
her into a frenzy of orgasms.

"Stop.
I surrender."

Tom
pulled away. He was reluctant to free his now panting wife, but he knew that
he must.

Caroline
had conveniently left some scissors. He would need new supplies if there was
to be a repeat performance.

Sara
sagged visibly as the bonds were released. Tom scooped her up and settled her
on the bed. He examined the criss cross marks where the ropes had been.

"Aren’t
you going to enter me?"

Tom
was surprised, but he needed no second bidding. His clothes were off in a
moment and he entered her hard and fast. He was not sure who screamed louder
on climax, him or his wife.

Ends
