---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Erotic Afternoon
authors:
- Wiccedwoman
tags:
- FM
- quickie
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cheat
- cons
- X
date: 2010-01-31 00:00:00
---

James and I have been married six years. No kids as yet. We both have demanding jobs. Sex is OK, when we have the time. Most days he doesn’t get home from work until late.

In his “spare” moments James studies, watches TV or sits engrossed in his computer.

Occasionally, he snuggles up to my back in the early hours of the morning, before the alarm rings its’ warning. His penis is rock hard and almost before I have time to surface from my sleep-drugged state, he slips it inside me. A few deep thrusts later, it’s all over. I often wonder if it was a dream, but the sticky residue meanders down my thigh when I finally rouse myself from bed.

One day, I decided work could go to hell, I rang in sick. James was up early as usual. He woke me slightly before he left & said he wouldn’t be home before 10pm. I rolled over and went back to sleep.

I came to around 8.30am feeling good. The extra rest was needed. I put on some coffee, poured some orange juice and ran a long, deep bath bubbling with my favourite essence. My thoughts turned to the rest of the day, now blissfully free. I decided to put on a soft, sexy outfit, apply some makeup and take myself out to lunch.

I’d follow that with a little retail therapy then meet a girlfriend at a city wine bar in the evening. It also happened to be one of “those” days. You know, a day when your breasts are tender and swollen, there’s a dull ache in your lower back, your tummy feels bloated and the space between your legs throbs with an insatiable sexual hunger. I fulfilled those longings in my bath with a well-placed finger, except on “those” days one orgasm is just preliminary relief. However, by the time I was ready to go out I felt beautiful and relaxed.

Damn! Damn! Damn! The car won’t start!

I had to problem-solve, no way was I going to miss out on my perfect plans. I opened the yellow pages – “Auto Electricians – Service at Your Door”.

Good, that’s what I needed. The voice on the phone sounded oddly familiar, but I didn’t give it much thought. I was just grateful when they said they’d be there in 20 minutes.

I kicked off my shoes, put on my favourite music, picked up a book and settled down to wait. Something made me look up. The mans face at the window gave me a start, my heart did a flip. I knew that grin, that cheeky lop-sided look. I opened the door. It was Mike. Here was the auto electrician and also, startlingly, my ex-lover. I hadn’t seen him in 10 years, not that meant much. He wasn’t easily forgotten. I’d been smitten. When a man listens like you’re the only woman in the world and cracks you up with his humour it makes an indelible impression on your heart – at least, it did on mine.

It was a pity fidelity wasn’t his strong point. I turned up at his flat one evening. I had a key. I’ll leave the rest to your imagination; suffice to say one of my missiles found its mark. I believe it cost him two stitches.

“Hi Brooke” – he met my gaze – “what’s the problem with your car?”

It took me a couple of seconds to respond, I wasn’t thinking about mechanical issues. His grin widened and he leant against the doorframe. He hadn’t changed much, if anything ten years of ageing had made him sexier. He was tall with a strong masculine build; forever comfortable and languid in his own skin. He was also one of those guys whose presence hits you in the solar plexus – I don’t know how else to describe it.

“You’re looking good Brooke”, his eyes followed my curves appreciatively, “how’s your aim these days?”

Obviously our stormy altercation hadn’t been forgotten.

“Improved” I shot back. His grin widened. “Look, come in. I’ll grab the car manual. Want some coffee?”

My words tripped over each other. He sat comfortably on the kitchen stool and I poured. We talked. The energy between us crackled. He said he was doing a friend a favour at the auto repair business – mostly, he studied and was about to graduate – a law degree. He played in a band at the weekends. Relationship wise I judged him to be as erratic as ever. His description of events cracked me with laughter. Nothing had changed there.

I got up to pour some more coffee. It was then that I felt a pair of strong hands gripping my waist and a pair of soft lips on the curve of my neck. My stomach flipped and that crucial spot between my legs turned to total jelly. I could feel his penis. It was rock hard and pressing into the soft wobbly flesh on my bum. He was breathing fast and his hands slipped from my waist and explored my breasts.

Almost involuntarily I pressed my buttocks into his groin. He let out a slight groan of pleasure. It was then that I turned to face him and we locked into a long passionate kiss. Skin on skin became the only reality. He slipped off my top and began to suckle. His tongue played a delicate rhythm on my nipples. I ran my hands through his soft hair.

Suddenly he stopped and looked me directly in the eyes. “Get undressed Brooke” he said.

What else could I do? I stood there naked.

“Christ! You’re beautiful” – his eyes never left my body for a second.

He removed his own clothes and a large, thick penis with an angry, almost purple head stuck out before him. I led him into the bedroom and we collapsed together on the soft divan. His hands investigated my every curve and then he gripped my ass tightly. He slipped his knee in between mine and gently pulled my legs apart. That long thick penis with the angry purple head slid deeply inside me. He groaned in ecstasy.

My fingers dug deeply into his butt as I tried to pull him into me even more profoundly. He was a big boy and I experienced a slight discomfort as his cock opened me up, but it just added to my pleasure.

Rivers of sweat formed between us. I was literally pinned to the bed by a male body that dwarfed mine; whose hard, taught muscles contrasted starkly with my soft flesh. He continued thrusting. He was completely lost to his cravings; wild horses couldn’t have pulled him from between my legs.

I felt myself beginning to come; the tension in my womb climbed to a new pitch. The muscles in that dark, sensuous space between my thighs tightened and tightened – then it happened – an all-engulfing orgasm. My vaginal walls gripped the head of his penis like a vice and spasmed in wave after wave.

He obviously felt it and went just about crazy. I thought it wasn’t possible for him to thrust any harder; I was wrong. It felt like his penis had grown another two inches. He just kept pushing and pushing, like a man possessed. Then it happened; he came harder than I ever imagined possible, accompanied by almost primeval grunts of deep satisfaction.

My car was fixed gratis. Mike has my mobile number. James still works late.

It’s a dangerous game and I don’t know where it will lead.

Mostly, I’m luxuriating in a sensuous, lush glow, a glow that throws fresh light on old problems. However, I’ll leave the analysis for later.
