---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hidden Away
authors:
- Walledup
tags:
- M/m
- captive
- bond
- rope
- gag
- drug
- cartrunk
- transport
- chain
- shackles
- basement
- brickedup
- entomb
- stuck
- mast
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2016-06-13 00:00:00
---

WARNING
Do **NOT** try this at home, the story is presented here as a **fantasy only**,
to attempt this in real life may result in injury or death

.

The man shifted in the cramped car seat. The car was parked on a sparsely populated street, pulled into the shadows of trees lining the street. He checked his watch. The object of his stakeout should be home soon.

His cell phone rang and he answered. “Jeff here, boss,” he said, listening to the man on the other end. “He should be here shortly. I’ll have him all wrapped up and out of here in about half an hour.” He listened again. “Yes, as usual, you will get proof I’ve got him and that he won’t be causing any problems for you anymore.” He smiled as he listened more. “That’s why you hire me boss. I always get my man.” He ended the call as a car was approaching from the opposite end of the street. Jeff pulled out his binoculars and saw it was the car he was waiting for. He watched as it pulled into the driveway and a man got out. He smiled as he thought about what was about to begin.

Sam walked into the house and headed for his bedroom. The more he thought about it, the more he thought he should get away. As far as he or the police knew, no one knew he was providing evidence against one of the biggest crime bosses in the city. He was getting nervous, thinking someone would find out, and he knew what happened to those who crossed the man. He shuddered as he remembered what happened to the last man to displease his former boss.

He checked his watch. He wondered if there was a chance he could get a flight some time this evening and get out for good. He headed over to his computer to look up flights when he was grabbed from behind and a wet, smelly rag was clamped over his mouth and nose. A powerful arm reached around him and pinned him against a tall man behind him. He reached up, grabbing the hand over his mouth, struggling to pull it away and try to escape, but the recognizable odor of chloroform registered and he soon began losing strength and soon darkness enveloped him.

Sam awoke, struggling into wakefulness as he realized he was lying on the floor of his bedroom. He went to sit up and noticed he was bound. His ankles and knees were tied tightly together, as were his wrists behind his back. Rope was wrapped around his chest, pinning his arms to his sides. Thick tape was plastered across his mouth. He began struggling, but the ropes seemed to get tighter as he did. He was trying to sit up when he heard footsteps in the hallway. He looked toward the door and saw a tall, muscular man with dark hair come into the room.

“Good, you’re awake. Thought I might have used too much chloroform.” He walked over to Sam struggling on the floor. “You can fight those ropes, but you’re not going anywhere. I was hired to do a job, and I take my work seriously, as you’ll find out soon.” Sam moaned into his gag as the man bent down to pick him up and put him over his shoulder. “We’re taking a little ride to a nice secluded place where I can take my time making sure you never bother my boss again.” He picked up Sam’s keys, carried him out to his car and opened the trunk. He put Sam inside and before closing the trunk, smiled and said, “You’re going to be fun to work on. Can’t wait to get started,” shut the trunk and got in the car and drove away.

Sam struggled and screamed into his gag as the car drove for what seemed forever. He couldn’t get loose from the ropes binding him, and knew once the car stopped for good, he was in big trouble. As he thought this, the car stopped and the engine shut off. He heard the muffled sound of the car door slamming shut and the trunk was opened. The man reached in and picked him up. Sam looked around and saw they were in a garage with the door closed, which meant no one would see his car and wonder what it was doing here. They headed into what looked like an old warehouse, the man carrying him across the large room. He sat Sam down next to an iron door, took out a set of keys and opened it. He kicked Sam through the door, came through afterward and closed and locked it again. He grabbed Sam and started carrying him down a very long flight of metal stairs.

At the bottom, the man hit a switch on the wall and a few dim lights came on. All Sam could see was a dirty, unused basement. His captor sat him on the steps and climbed behind him. He pulled out his phone. “My boss needs to see I have you, so we’re going to take a picture.” He positioned the phone in front of Sam and took the picture, then emailed it to his boss. He stepped back around

Sam and stood in front of him. “I just have to wait for confirmation, then we can begin.”

The phone rang. “Good, you got the evidence I have him. Is everything still going to plan?” he said into the phone. Sam began struggling, as he knew who the guy was talking to, and he assumed the plan was to get rid of him. His captor smiled at Sam and said,”Yes, I will enjoy this one. You’ll have your proof of the contract being carried out soon. I want to take my time with this one.” He hung up, walked over to a table by the steps and picked up a bottle. He also grabbed a rag and poured some liquid on the rag as he walked toward Sam. He held the rag out and shoved it into Sam’s face, causing him to squirm, but soon the fumes overcame him and he was out.

Sam came slowly back to the world, feeling woozy as he opened his eyes. He tried raising his head, and it felt heavy. He finally got it up and saw he was not sitting on the steps or bound with rope. He was standing up. He looked around and saw his right wrist was clasped in a manacle, the chain from it leading into the wall on the right side. He looked at his left and it was the same. His feet were manacled to the wall behind him, and a single length of chain was wrapped a couple times around his waist, padlocked to the rest of the chain that was coming out of the rear wall. He began struggling, but the chains didn’t have much play, and he was pretty well secured. He went to call out and noticed his tape gag had been replaced with a tight cleave gag of thick cloth. He looked around and saw the space he was chained in was a small niche in a wall. It was about four feet across, seven or eight feet high, and the opening was about a foot in front of him. As he studied his situation, he heard footsteps coming toward him. The man appeared in front of the opening, carrying an electric lantern which shed a little more light. He set it on the floor and stepped toward Sam.

“I’m glad you’re awake. I had to knock you out so I could get you situated without a fight. I would have liked that, but my boss needs to be sure this is done right.” He reached out with his left hand, caressed Sam’s cheek. Sam tried to pull away. “Don’t bother, you won’t be going anywhere. Those chains attached to the manacles are sunk six feet into the concrete walls. I made this little room just for you. It was a lot of work, so I made sure you wouldn’t escape.” Sam was screaming into his gag, trying to struggle. “You don’t have to put up an act. I think you like this.” The man’s hand moved down Sam’s chest to his crotch. It was rock hard. “I felt that when I tied you up earlier. I could hardly wait to get you chained up in here.”

He pressed his body against Sam’s, and he could feel the man’s cock hard as a rock, pressing against his own. Jeff could hear Sam moan as he moved his body against Sam’s, pulled his head back and kissed Sam through the gag. He felt the slightest bit of response before pulling away. “Too bad I have a job to do, we could have some fun.” The man stepped away from Sam, looked at his watch and said, “It’s time to begin. I hope you like what I have planned for you.”

Sam watched as he stepped away and returned pulling a trough with him. He set it in front of the opening. He stepped back a couple of paces and pulled a tarp off of a pile of bricks. He picked up a hoe and began mixing something in the trough. He left the hoe in the trough, pulled his shirt over his head and threw it aside. He picked up a trowel, looked at Sam and said, “It’s going to be a sweaty job, but well worth it.”

Sam watched in horror as the man troweled a layer of mortar on the floor of the opening and began to set the bricks in place, mortaring each end of the bricks as he placed them side by side, making the first row complete. He continued doing this until he had five rows of bricks mortared in place. Sam was screaming and struggling as hard as he could, but he couldn’t get out of the chains holding him in the room. The man stopped and watched as Sam struggled.

“I really do hate having to do this, I can think of other things I’d rather be doing with you, but a job is a job.” The man continued watching Sam struggle, rubbing his crotch as the screams and struggles echoed in the dark empty basement. “I get hired because my boss likes the creative ways I get rid of his problems. You should see some of the elaborate ways I’ve gotten rid of his enemies. I think he secretly gets off on it. That’s why he always asks for pictures. Which reminds me.” He pulled out his phone and took a couple of photos of Sam in his chains, the five rows of bricks in front of him.

He put the phone back and began laying mortar for the next row of bricks. “This has always been one of my absolute favorites.” He laid the row and a few more until they were even with Sam’s thighs. He put the trowel down and reached inside, rubbing Sam’s cock. “See, I knew you’d like this. Unfortunately, I don’t have the time to get you off one last time.” He took a few more pictures and began laying the next row of bricks.

Sam pulled at the chains holding him, willing them to come loose from the walls. He pulled, struggled, yanked, but it was no use. The struggles only intensified the feelings in his cock as he watched the guy walling him up. He was well built, muscular arms and chest, covered with a thick patch of dark hair, which glistened with sweat as he continued walling up the opening. The guy stopped and looked at Sam. The bricks were up to his stomach, it wouldn’t take too much longer to finish the job.

Jeff set the trowel down and began massaging his cock, moaning as he looked at Sam being slowly sealed up in the very prison he made. He wished he could take him out and take him to his place and keep him for himself, but he was being paid well to get rid of Sam. He’d always have this memory of the terror and pleading in his eyes as the wall rose higher and higher, and also the pictures. He continued rubbing his cock, unzipped his pants and pulled it out. He began stroking it faster as Sam struggled harder, Jeff’s eyes wandering over the whole scene, his prisoner being walled up forever, Jeff the only one knowing where he was. He stroked faster and faster until finally he shook his whole body as his cock shot out load after load, his body tingling, moaning as his cock emptied.

He came out of his reverie, smiled at Sam and put his cock away. He started laying the next row of bricks. “Didn’t say I couldn’t get off. If you can make yourself cum, go ahead, it will be the last time you do.” He put another layer of mortar on the bricks as Sam struggled and screamed into his gag. The bricks kept getting higher, up to Sam’s neck now. Jeff took some more pictures and then began the task of laying the last few rows of bricks. As he worked his way up to the top of the opening which was only a few inches above Sam’s head, he laid the bricks in such a way as to work around Sam’s face. Finally, there was only a few bricks to be put in place.

Jeff looked at Sam as he mortared the opening one brick at a time until there was only one brick left to be put in place. The space was even with Sam’s eyes. Jeff could see the pure fear and pleading in those eyes. “Sorry it had to be this way,” he said as he mortared the last brick and shoved it in place, tapping it to make sure it was firmly in place.

Sam could faintly be heard screaming behind the wall. Jeff cleaned up the evidence of his work. This place was in the middle of nowhere, and this basement was two stories underground. The building was long abandoned. No one would ever find Sam, and even if they did, it would be too late. He took a few more pictures of the newly built brick wall for his boss, put on his shirt, picked up the lantern, and left. The iron door at the top of the steps echoed as he slammed it shut and locked it.
