---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/the_chain.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Chain
authors:
- DataSado
tags:
- Sbm
- outdoors
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2002-12-10 00:00:00
---

My tale is about self-bondage.  Like most others you read about
here, I have been into self-bondage for a while.  My problem has always
been that I seem to always manage to get free before I originally planned
on.  With that in mind I decided to do a little better planning for
my next adventure.  I decided that this new adventure would have the
elements of bondage, humiliation, endurance, risk of exposure and most
importantly no easy way out.

I planned my adventure around the use of a chain and several locks. 
There would not be a timer used per se.  I live just on the outskirts
of a smaller city.  Close enough to get to work without a commute
far enough away to have a house with the nearest neighbors not looking
in your windows.  Even still I have a 6’ fence around my back yard,
mostly to keep the dog in.  Today he would be inside.  I began
the preparations by taking a 100’ chain and wrapping one end around the
oak tree in the center back of the yard.  It’s just about that far
from the house.  Next I marked out a spot with a flag kind of towards
the corner of the yard.  The distance was just past the end of the
chain.  You’ll see why in a minute.  Next I went back to the
base of the tree and pulled in about 15 feet of chain and put a lock in
place.  Again I went out to the end of the chain but in a slightly
different direction and placed another flag.  In the end I placed
a total of five flags in the yard and had five locks on the chain so far. 
Each lock was numbered so I would know which one was which.

I was now ready to place the keys.  I suppose I could have been
easy on myself and simply put each key by each flag and gone on but as
I said before I wanted humiliation in this challenge.  I chose five
substances that I would really not like to have in my mouth.  Dog
food, cat food, dirt, liquid soap and piss were my choices.  I used
five plastic bowls for this.  To make sure I could not cheat I put
a hole in each and then used that to anchor it in place at each flag. 
The first bowl I filled with dog food.  I put the key in and mixed
the contents.  I then took the bowl out to the first flag.  By
the way, so you understand, the key at the first flag (the flag closest
to the tree) opened the last lock in the chain.  I would have to go
from the tree to the first key and then back to unlock it so that the chain
would be long enough to get to the next key that unlocked the next lock
and so on, Until I managed to unlock all the lock and gain freedom from
the tree.  I also left the key to the handcuffs in the house inside
the back porch.  The only key to the house I left on the front door
step under the mat.  One final key remained on the porch in a locked
milk box.  The key to this lock was also in the house with the handcuff
key.

Now came the point of no return.  First I double-checked everything
the stripped my clothes off and left them in the front room.  Naked
I walked out to the tree.  I used a set of leather cuffs on my ankles. 
Next I locked the ankle cuffs together and put a lock on the leg cuffs
and attached that to the chain.  I left three feet of chain. 
The very end of the chain was then locked to the middle of the wrist cuffs. 
I had measured this very carefully so that I could only reach the bowls
holding the keys if I was lying prone.  Of course reaching them only
with my face.  I would have to extract each key with my mouth, clean
each key enough to work in the lock and of course get the key to the lock. 
I placed the cuffs on my wrists and got that rush you get when you realize
you are helpless.

My plan was to take very small baby steps or hop to each key and the
return the same way.  I planned on an hour of bondage.  Well
my planning for being helpless worked better than my plan for escape for
once.  I really couldn’t get free until I retrieved each key. 
The first problem I found was after I hopped to the first key I had to
get on to the ground.  Dropping to my knees wasn’t so bad but then
I had to fall flat on my face to get the rest of the way down.  Did
I mention that it had been raining the last few days?  The ground
was a little cold and very wet and soon to be very muddy.  I ended
up doing a worm crawl to the bowl.  The smell of dog food assaulted
my nostrils immediately.  I considered different ways to get the key
out but the chain was now my master and the master’s grip was quite unforgiving.

I finally shoved my face into the food and dug around until I came up
with the key.  With the key in my mouth I tried to stand back up. 
I tried for a very long time before I decided that it was for the most
part useless.  The chain again held me helpless.  I finally did
the worm crawl back to the tree.  I dropped the key from my mouth
near the lock and then repositioned myself so that I could unlock the lock
with my hands.  This sounds easier than it turned out to be. 
Once the key was on the ground and in the grass it became very hard to
find by feel.  I wasn’t blind folded but grabbing something while
your hands are cuffed behind your back is well, damn hard.  I managed
to get the lock open and then did the crawl back to the next flag.

For those of you who always wanted to know but were afraid to ask, cat
food is worse than dog food.  By the time I got to the bowl holding
the piss, two whole hours had gone by.  Worse I was a lot more tired
than I expected and I still had a long ways to go.  I had just got
the key out of the bowl of piss when the very unexpected happened. 
It started raining again.  Now I did check the weather report before
I started this and the cute little weather girl said the rain was gone. 
She lied and I began cursing her with a vengeance.  This was not a
light rain.  As I did the worm crawl back again to the tree, I laughed
to myself.  If the rain had started a few minutes sooner I wouldn’t
have to have had the taste of piss in my mouth.  I still had the dirt
bowl to go though and now it would be mud.  It took the best part
of another hour to get to the last bowl.  The rain made everything
even more slippery than before and getting traction while lying on your
stomach was hard in the first place.  I finally unlocked the chain
from the tree.  Yeah!

My worm crawl to the front of the house had another major problem. 
I had to get through the gate.  It took what seemed like a lifetime
to get standing.  In reality it was probably four-five minutes of
struggling and falling until I finally managed to use the fence and corner
of the house to help me get up.  I got the gate open after several
tries and lots of standing on my tiptoes.  I began hopping toward
the front porch and the key that would open the back door.  I was
doing fine until the chain caught on the fence and I went down face first. 
I had no way to protect myself.  My feet had been pulled out from
under me and my hands were locked behind my back.  I landed pretty
hard and had the wind knocked out of me.  Damn that hurt!

I laid there for a while thinking I would rest when I heard a car coming
down the street.  I was still on the side of the house and somewhat
near it so I rolled to it and held very still.  The car went on past
and then turned down the next street.  I worked the chain free but
realized that that wasn’t enough.  I had 100 feet of chain following
me. It was bound to get caught again.  So spent another agonizing
ten minutes gathering the chain up a few links at a time until I could
worm crawl to the porch.  The stairs to the porch turned out to be
easier than the rest. I was able to sit up and then scoot up the stairs
backwards.

I retrieved the key and made my way back to the back of
the house.  Here I encountered yet another unforeseen problem. 
The lock on the door was about an inch higher than I could get to even
standing on tiptoes and stretching for all I was worth.  At this point
I wanted to just sit down and give up.  Then I noticed a block of
wood laying out in the yard.  I lucked out and was able to hop out
to it with out any more problems.  I then very carefully squatted
over the wood and managed to get it without falling over.  I hopped
back to the door and got in the back patio of the house.  I still
had to get back to the front again to get the chain off my ankles. 
The lock holding my chain to the leather cuffs also held the leather cuffs
locked.  With hands free it was much easier to hop back out to the
front and get the last key and gain total freedom.  After a long hot
shower to wash off the mud, I headed to bed for a bit of self gratification
and a long nights sleep.
