---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love and War
authors:
- Ann Onominos
tags:
- MF
- handcuffs
- first
- rom
- F-m
- bond
- blindfold
- gag
- mast
- handjob
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2019-03-08 00:00:00
---

story continues from [chapter one](loveandwar.html)

#### Chapter 2: May I touch you?

One day when Carly was planning on coming over, I purposely left a pair of handcuffs on the kitchen table, partially concealed by a napkin. I had dropped a couple of hints that I wanted her to model for me in bondage of some sort. When Carly brought my dinner to the table, she saw the cuffs and asked, “Why are these out? I told you I’m not ready to pose for any bondage pictures.” She laughed.

“Would you like to try them on? Just to see how they feel.”

“Where’s the key?”

I pointed to the key on the table and smiled.

Carly tried the handcuffs on and I instantly saw a twinkle in her eye.

“How do they feel?” I asked.

“They are hard and cold. I feel very restricted, a little helpless. I feel out of control. I’m not afraid because I trust you and I know you like me and would never hurt me, but I still feel like I don’t know what’s coming. I’m embarrassed to admit I’m excited, sexually. Is this normal?”

“It is for some people. I know I feel the same way.”

“Ya know some people get turned on when they wear handcuffs, I know I do.”

I removed the cuffs from Carly’s wrists and tossed them on the table.

“Well then maybe you should wear them.” Carly smiled. “You better finish your dinner first while I vacuum the place.”

I quickly ate hoping she wasn’t just teasing me.

When Carly finished vacuuming she walked to the table where I was sitting. She picked up the cuffs and said, “You want them in front or back?”

I was shocked to hear her ask.

“I beg your pardon? I asked.

“You want them in front or back” she asked.

I held my wrists in front of me, indicating I wanted to be cuffed in front.

“I think behind your back is better. Turn around, slave.”

She slapped the cuffs on me behind my back and said, “Happy now? Or do you want to be blindfolded and gagged too?”

“You are quite the tease today, lady,” I laughed.

She took a towel and wrapped it around my eyes, tying it behind my head.

“So this it what a submissive likes, to be helpless?”

I nodded yes, waiting to see what would happen next.

“I could take my shirt off and you would not even know it. I guess I could strip to my birthday suit and you wouldn’t’ be able to tell.”

I could feel my cock harden as she teased me. I imagined her stripping before me.

“Now you are being a total tease!”

“May I touch you? May I touch your penis I mean? The giant bulge in your pants is giving you away,” she asked.

Now my erection grew larger. “I would not mind at all. In fact, I would love it.”

Carly fondled me for a short time before removing my shorts. I was wearing shorts because I still had a cast on my leg. She proceeded to give me the best hand job ever.

“I better gag you so you can’t holler red light,” she teased.

I had not had an orgasm in weeks, so it didn’t take long before I exploded my load all over the place.

“You naughty boy; look at the mess you made. Oh you can’t see, can you? Don’t worry; I’ll clean up your mess this time.”

She wiped up my mess before removing the towel from my eyes.

“I better leave before we do something we shouldn’t.”

She unlocked the cuffs and kissed me goodbye.

Once she left and the door closed, the house became eerily quiet. I thought “What just happened here? Am I in love again?”

story continues in [**chapter three**](loveandwar3.html)
o0o

I hope you enjoy reading my tale. If you did and care to tell me you may email me at [annonominos2018@gmail.com](mailto:annonominos2018@gmail.com) . While I wish for my true identity to remain a secret, I like to hear from readers, it helps me to know what they like.
