---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Virtual Bondage
authors:
- Russ
tags:
- Other-f
- bond
- mum
- cocoon
- vore
- vr
- reluct
- XX
---

**Chapter one: “The
Web”**

How on Earth had this happened? Cindy wondered. 
To be stuck literally like a bug in this huge spiders web! She struggled
against the sticky web to no avail. The more she struggled, the more filaments
from the web entangled her arms and legs. She couldn’t move, she was just
not getting anywhere! The web strands were actually soft on her skin, but
they were as strong as steel. They were coated with a sticky glue substance
that once touched by anything would not let go. No amount of struggle or
pulling would find release.

All she remembered was falling from somewhere up above.
It was like one of those dreams where you are falling and falling and cannot
stop. Except she had stopped, like hitting a huge trampoline from a hundred
storys up. The web had caught her and flexed up and down. But, unlike a
trampoline she did not bounce off of the web surface. Once she had made
contact with it, she was held fast. After the web had stopped moving up
and down she had attempted to move. After several minutes of fruitless
efforts that only entangled and glued her down more, she now was just hanging.
Stuck near the center and not knowing what to do.

What an ultimate bondage theme! What a way to be bound!
She was surely not going anywhere. None of her bondage adventures had ever
provided this much immobility. She again tried to break loose from the
web’s hold. She tried her arms, she could move them slightly, and the web
did have some give to it. She tried her legs and torso, same result. Even
her head and hair were stuck, again with only slight movement. Her fear
was abating to some extent and she felt the familiar warm glow between
her legs. She had no way of satisfying the urge that was growing. She lay
there for sometime trying to formulate in her mind again what had happened
and what to do now.

For the first time she took in as much of her surroundings
as her limited head movement would allow. She could see parts of the web
off to the sides extending up and away from her. One of these terminated
on what appeared to be a huge leaf of some kind. She could see the blue
sky above and fluffy white cumulus clouds. These were also huge. Above
her and to the sides were huge trees or plants, she could not tell which.
Everything appeared to have grown to maybe 50 times what its normal size
should be. Or, she herself had shrunk! This was all like some intense dream,
but it did not feel like a dream. It felt real! Everything was clear and
crisp, not like most dreams. The sounds of birds filled the area that she
was in. She occasionally smelled familiar scents as if she were in a meadow
or forest. This was too weird!

She lay still now feeling a slight breeze and watching
the clouds float above. It was actually kind of peaceful! She started to
focus on her sexual urge again when a slight vibration in the filaments
of the web where they touched her broke her thoughts. What in the Hell
was that? She wondered. She waited and held perfectly still.

Silence……then a vibration again, a bit stronger. She strained
her neck attempting to turn to the sides to see anything. She could not.

Silence again……vibration………silence…….vibration. Was something
or somebody else caught also? “Hello? Is anybody there?”

Silence……………vibration. And then she caught site of something
from here peripheral vision just to here left. She focused on the object
as best she could. What in the Hell is that?? A twig, a branch? It looks
hairy……Oh my God! It’s a leg!

Cindy thrashed and struggled in sheer terror for what
seemed forever. She screamed until she was hoarse. The leg did not move
away or advance. Her mind was racing; she had to get away, but how? As
she fatigued more and more her struggles slowed and stopped. Sweat from
struggle and fear was pouring from her body. This is not good! Her heart
was pounding and she drew in ragged breaths. Why was this happening? What
was happening?

As her struggles stopped the leg moved again closer to
her. She saw it raise, move forward and again lower to the web.

God help me! How can I stop this? Was her first thought,
but really inside she did not want it to stop. The terror, the unknowing,
the helplessness was more erotic than anything she had ever experienced!

As the leg moved a few more times toward her, she could
see more and more of its owner. She had never seen such a horrific sight
before! The spider’s body was huge! Bristly hair protruded all over the
creature! It was dark brown all over and her eyes fixed on its eyes! All
six of them. Black, shiny, unblinking orbs atop the massive head. She stared
and it stared back as it moved slowly forward. She continued to struggle,
for what reason she did not know. It was just animal instinct. Predator
and prey. And she was obviously the prey! Her eyes dropped from the spiders
and now focused lower under its head. Two huge curving fangs twitched in
front of moving mandibles! Shiny black and dripping venom!

Her mind drifted back to when she was maybe eight years
old. She had seen this before from a different perspective. At her Aunt
and Uncles farm in late July she had sat for hours watching a spider work
in its web in the corner of two posts in their barn. How fascinating it
had been to watch the intricacy of the spiders weaving, the perfect symmetry
of the finished web was beautiful. The patience of the spider as it worked
and then waited unmoving near the webs edge with one leg resting on a filament
as a sensor. The fly that had flown into the web and struggled until its
energy was sapped. The spider moving slowly toward its reward, patiently
and unhurried, knowing that the struggles were to no avail. That its web
was strong and reliable. The quick loops of filament that had pinned the
flies legs and wings securely to its body almost in a wink of an eye. Then
the spider had slowly lowered its head and injected the fly with venom,
within seconds the fly no longer moved. The spider then carefully began
wrapping the fly from top to bottom over and over in its silk until it
was a perfect cocoon. Had the fly felt pain? Was it dead? Or, just immobilized
and left for future needs? Being only eight, and having a typical attention
span, she never knew. She left in search of new adventures never to return
to find out.

Was that how her fascination with bondage had started?
Good one for a therapist! She thought. It was her first exposure that she
could remember to anything being immobilized or held against its will.
And there were times, as now, that she had thought back to that experience
while being bound. But, those times were enjoyable, and the thought of
the fly being completely encased and helpless had only stimulated her more.
This time was different. This time seemed real! This time it was her!!
But, how could it be? How could any of this be……….

The huge brown body was directly over her now, looming
above her. Through the terror the feeling of intense sexual arousal broke
through. It was almost as though she had slipped into a state of euphoria,
a slave state. Where all hope and control is lost. She sensed her body
and appendages reeling against the bonds. It was no longer terror but the
need to release her sexual desires and plunge over that waterfall of intense
pleasure. Her arms were grasped by the spider’s legs which had small hooks
at the ends. They were brought toward her body and then filaments of soft
silk from the spider’s spinnerets wrapped them secure against her body.
Her legs were grasped next and one at a time folded at the knees back against
themselves and her body and the wraps were again applied.

She then saw through the haze of her euphoria the spiders
head lowering toward her abdomen. She screamed and again struggled. As
the fangs pierced her stomach she came with an intensity she had never
had before. Her body writhed and twisted as the waves of pure bliss ran
through her. She moaned from the pleasure and rode the final wave to a
peaceful shore.

There was actually little pain from the injections, but
she now felt a growing sensation of heat radiating from the site through
every inch of her body. Was she being dissolved from the inside? It did
not feel like it. She remained awake and conscious. She could still feel
all of her body, the injection sites, the radiating heat and the soft wraps
of silk around her. What was the bite for? Then in moments the heat sensation
changed to tingling and a sensation she had never had before. She could
not move any voluntary muscle in her body! A level of panic began to rise
again in her, this was too intense! Now she could not even struggle! She
was completely helpless and trapped!

The spider quickly snapped the filaments that held her
to the web with its mandibles, lifted her from the web with several legs
and she was held aloft under its abdomen. The spinnerets began working
and she was moved forward and backward under the spider spinning like a
bobbin in a sewing machine. Cindy began to feel dizzy and light headed.
Wrap after wrap of the silk was applied from about her mid torso down and
over her knees. The silk felt slightly wet and sticky where it touched
her body. After what seemed like an eternity of wrapping, her body was
flipped over and now the top of her torso was being wrapped. She felt the
silk being wrapped around her breasts as they were compressed against her
chest.

It flashed in Cindy’s mind as the wrap proceeded up that
her head would be covered soon! Panic again arouse from deep inside her,
but at the same time the pleasure again. As the silk reached her neck and
chin she took in a deep breath. It may be my last she thought, and closed
her eyes. The wrap inched its way up and over her head. She waited and
spun. Her lungs were burning from the need to have new air! She tried in
her mind to struggle, to break free, to live! She exploded again in orgasmic
heaven even more intense than before! She screamed into the wrappings exhaling
all of her air and blacked out……..

How much time had passed Cindy did not know. As she awoke
she had that moment of unknowing confusion. What a dream! God that was
intense! She stretched her body and yawned. But, nothing stretched, her
arms were held to her sides and her legs were folded under her and held!
What the Hell! Her mind reeled! She opened her eyes and all she could see
was white!! A smooth white silky wall in front of her! But this can’t be!!!
She could feel the silk against all of her body, holding softly yet firmly.
It was dry and very soft now against her body. Is this a dream or what??
She took in a breath of air, it almost seemed filtered. So, she could breath!
She was alive!

She assessed her situation. The spinning had stopped;
she seemed to be lying again, motionless. She tried moving and everything
worked again! But even though muscles responded no amount of strain would
produce more than very small movements. She lay there in silence praying
to God that something would free her and swearing she would never even
think of bondage again if He just would get her out of this. Whatever this
was! Time was warped to her, without hearing or sight beyond her white
prison she had no idea of how long she laid there. Then a movement startled
her back to awareness! Something had moved her! It happened several times
more! She was being rolled and moved, but why? Then a sharp blinding pain
shot into her back and a searing burning. She again screamed into her cocoon!
She felt the fangs sink deeper and deeper into her back, the pain was unbearable!
Her head began to spin, flashes of white appeared in her eyes! So this
is the end? I am now the fly in the spiders’ web? I am next on the menu!!
Eaten alive!!! The dizziness got worse and her vision dimmed. Everything
faded away as she felt her body begin to liquefy and be sucked away……..

Everything was black and silent, peaceful and serene.
Cindy felt as if she was floating on a cloud in nothingness. So this is
death? I am aware, but nowhere, just floating forever?

“Cindy? Do not try to move yet, just relax and keep still.
Your session is now over; we will have you out in a moment.” Out? Out of
what?

As she thought that, there was a metallic sound and a
crack of light appeared above her as if a lid was being removed. As her
eyes adjusted and the crack grew larger she could tell she was in some
kind of a box or container. Something was over her face, she could see
but it was blurry and unfocused. What in the Hell is going on?

The lid moved away to the left above her. A hand passed
beside her head and behind it. She was gently lifted into a sitting position.
A gooey substance like Jell-O slid from her head and upper body back into
the box. She could see clearer now, the hand was joined by others that
wiped the goo from her hair and head. A strap was released from behind
her neck, and the mask that had covered her face was removed.

“How are you doing, Cindy? A bit woozy? That is OK; just
take your time until you come back to Earth.”

“What the Hell happened?” was the first words out of her
mouth. “Where am I, and who are you?”

“Slow down, Cindy! You are fine, everything is fine! You
will remember everything in a bit! Let’s get you out of the VR unit and
cleaned up. First time users are always dazed and confused for a while.”

VR unit? First time user? Cindy was definitely confused!

Cindy was helped out of the unit and sat on a chair beside
of it. Towels were produced and the remainder of the Jell-o was being wiped
away. She began looking around the room. It was large and brightly lit.
There were six of the units  in a straight row centered in the room.
All around the walls were consoles, computers, machines, monitors, flashing
lights, and gauges. It looked like a mix of Star Trek and ER. Three of
the other units stood open as the one she had just emerged from now did.
The other two were closed and people watched the consoles that obviously
went with them intently. There were EKG and other tracers humming, all
bodily functions of the users were being monitored. One of the monitors
above each console looked like a camcorder screen, showing blank screens
with a flashing REC in the upper corners.

Cindy for the first time actually noticed her “nurse”
standing in front of her, smiling. She also noticed that she sat there
now completely naked! She covered her breasts out of reflex.

The nurse handed her a towel to cover up with and giggled.
“Coming back to Earth now?”

“Yes, I guess so, but none of this still makes any sense.
I….I was having an intense dream….trapped by a spider….it was all so real!”

“Spider huh? Wow! I may want to try that one!” the nurse
giggled. “OK, let us refresh your memory.”

Try it? Was it a movie or something?

“My name is Sasha, and this is Gloria, my assistant” Cindy
turned to see the other girl behind her, also smiling. “Hello” said Gloria.

“Hello” Cindy replied.

“Gloria is a technician and I am an RN and systems manager
here at “VR World”. You saw our ad in a pornographic magazine, and came
to us for a session. This is Friday, July 16th, 2008. You have been here
for just over two hours in our VR simulator. Ringing any bells?”

It was actually, as Cindy heard all of this and her mind
cleared more, it all was coming back to her. She had seen the ad in the
magazine, called the number and set up for a session. Having just broken
up with her steady of three years a month ago, she was getting horny and
bored with her sex life and meager self bondage attempts. The ad had promised
an experience like never before! And, if this was the result, it was absolutely
correct!

“I do remember it now! This is what a session is like?
How does it all work? Where did the spider idea come from? Man! This is
wild!”

Sasha and Gloria were both giggling now and smiling. “Good,
you are back with us now! Yes, this is what our sessions are like! It was
all explained to you when you arrived here earlier, but I can refresh the
details for you. The computer does induce short term memory loss at the
start of each session so that the “adventure” starts from scratch with
the user having no idea what is going on or how. That is what causes disorientation
after the session. It all works with computers and your mind, the spider
idea came from you, and our scanners pick up ideas or past experiences
from each clients brain through the sensors that were attached behind your
neck. It then tailors a scenario from that. The VR unit you were in is
connect to the computers and the jelly is actually a form of liquid silicon
semiconductor that not only picks up your movements and solidifies if needed
to impede movements and injuries, but also sends appropriate stimuli to
every part of your body. So, I take it you enjoyed it?”

“God yes! At times anyway, as I said it was so real and
intense! I went from ecstasy to terror!”

“Yes, we know. We monitored all of your vital signs and
brain waves throughout. You had two good orgasms, if I remember correctly.
And, also some very high pulse and breathing from fear at several other
times. Must have been a wild fantasy! We will have to review the recording
after it is processed, if you let us?”

“Recording?” asked Cindy.

“Yes, you requested that we record the experience you
had. It is one if our extras we offer. Your thoughts are recorded and processed
through a brain sensor and then compiled and translated by one of our VR
programs into a digital DVD format. We would love to watch it if you do
not mind? Not now of course, but later.”

“Sure, I guess? Sorry this is still a bit overwhelming.”

“We understand completely! Actually for a newbee you have
recovered very quickly!”

“Thanks! I think!”

“Would you like a shower and a whirlpool bath? It’s included
in the price, as well as wine or champagne.”

“Yes,” said Cindy. “Please!”

“OK, follow me. Our goal is to make your experience here
the best you have ever had!”

Cindy followed Sasha into another room that contained
several showers, saunas, whirlpools and massage tables. There was also
a large table along the far wall with a banquet assembled.

“Take your time and enjoy! After you shower, use anything
else you wish. If you need anything, push any of the yellow buttons located
around the room and me or Gloria will return. If nothing is needed, when
you’re done, you will find your clothes in locker number 3 over there.”

Cindy showered and collected her thoughts and emotions.
The remainder of the Jell-o stuff washed off, she eased into a bath. She
let the water relax and soothe her body and mind. Her muscles actually ached.
Was it from the struggling and imagined bondage? Imagined! That was no
imagination, it was so real! God what an experience! She noticed a bottle
of champagne next to the tub on ice. She filled the glass and drank it
down, filled again and started to lean back again. Next to the champagne
was a clipboard and pen. She picked it up and looked at the form. It was
an evaluation form like many places use. She was to rate all of the questions
from 0 - terrible to 10 – exquisite! She answered them all with 10’s! At
the bottom was a spot for comments. Cindy simply wrote: WOW! In huge letters.

The last paragraph stated that any recordings ordered
would arrive in 6 – 10 working days. That will be really interesting, she
thought. She soaked for about another thirty minutes or so, drank 3 more
glasses of bubbly, got out of the tub, dried and dressed. She walked to
the door with an exit sign above it and opened it. She was in the reception
area that she now remembered from earlier. She walked toward the outside
door, a voice from behind the reception window said, “Have a nice weekend!
We hope you have enjoyed your visit to VR World! Please come again soon!”

“I will, said Cindy…….I definitely will!!!!

To be continued...
Comments Welcome… Like it? Hate it? Let me know! 
E-mail: [russmi3@yahoo.com](mailto:russmi3@yahoo.com)

11/04/02
