---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Buried
authors:
- Cdpx
tags:
- Solo-f
- latex
- catsuit
- gag
- toys
- insert
- M/f
- bodybag
- encased
- buried
- cons
- X
date: 2006-02-01 00:00:00
---

The basement was cool and well lit. There were no dark corners sucking
in the available illumination. She stood on a rug by a wall, the only softness
in the expanse of white concrete. On the opposite wall was a low table
with a dark ovoid shape resting on top of it. She undid the dressing gown,
took it off and placed it on the floor. There was a black garment drooping
limply from a hangar on a mobile rail next to the table.

On the floor beside
her was a container of talcum powder. She picked it up and showered her
body in the white cascading susbstance which fell gently onto her body
and obscured the pattern of the rug beneath her bare feet.

She gently and gingerly slipped her legs into the darkness of the limp
garment. It rustled as she stretched and pulled it, the light reflecting
on the surface of the shiny black skin she held tightly in her hands. The
cold of the black tide slowly engulfed her feet, her ankles, her calves
and her thighs as she eased herself into the bottom half of the suit.

She
squirmed and squealed as she pulled the thin, tight suit up over her bottom
and stomach, the vaginal dildo and anal butt plug eased their way into
her moist and willing lower orifices. The raised studs on the inside of
the suit pressed into the mound of her crotch.

She pushed her fingers into the arms of the suit, feeling her way down
into the depths of the suits's arms. She flexed her fingers when the tips
reached the end of their journey. Her belly and chest were now surrounded
by boning built into the suit, constricting her waist and forcing her breasts
upwards. Each nipple was surrounded and forced into a rubber teat on the
suits's breasts.

A mask hung forlornly in front of her breasts, tubes and
a bulb dangling in space bumping her stomach as she moved. She pulled the
mask up and over her head. She moved a gag on the inside of the mask into
her mouth, then inserted the tubes into her nostrils and finally slipped
the built in ear plugs snugly into her ears, blocking off the sounds of
the world, shutting her inside the suit from which sight was also denied
to her.

She pulled the short zip down to the small of her back.

She stood still
and waited, expectantly.

Her smooth black hand was squeezed gently and
she was led over to the low table. She was helped into the ovoid shape
and lay down inside it.

The bulb was picked up from her chest and squeezed,
inflating the gag inside her mouth, pressing against her teeth, forcing
her cheeks to inflate.

She could just feel a loose covering over her new
skin, surrounding her, squashing her arms against her sides, pushing her
legs together. She tried to wriggle but could only move her legs up and
down and raise herself up from the waist, slowly. She settled back, level.
She felt the tubes from her nostrils pulled upwards. Suddenly she felt
pressure all around her body, pressing her suit tighter against her skin.

She breathed slowly. She tried to sigh but couldn't, her mouth gaping,
filled with the taste of rubber.

She relaxed, her body loosening, her breathing
slowing down.

She felt herself being lifted up into the air, her body jostled
in a rhythmical fashion. She smelt the air through the tubes and it became
fresh. She was laid down again. Something was being thrown on top of her
as she lay on her back, thudding and then sliding down, the vibrations
getting smaller.

She wasn't sure where she was but the aroma of fresh turned
earth filled her nostrils as she breathed deeply.
