---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leather & Lace
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace3.html))_

_\*
Leather & Lace
Chapter 4 – The
Wager; Part II
By the White Knight_

_‘Thank you very much, my dear’, Mr. Thatcher said as he watched
me bend and stretch. ‘You have been a marvelous help this evening and I
wish you a wonderful nights sleep.’  He was obviously giving me permission
to leave.  ‘No, thank you very much, sirs’, I began, ‘It has been
an honor to receive my first full bondage experience at the hands of two
such distinguished gentlemen.  But, I have a favor to ask you, sirs. 
Actually a rather large favor...’ I trailed off trying to gather my courage
to make my request.  Looking up I noticed that Mr. Thatcher had lost
his clinical look and was turning a bit white.  Mr. Stanton looked
equally uncomfortable._

_‘Ahhh, my dear’, Mr. Thatcher said before I could continue, ‘I am a
married man and there are certain limitations that, that imposes upon me....’ 
Now I realized what they were so worried about, trying not to smile, I
said, ‘Oh no, that’s not what I am referring to, sir.  I’ve seen the
pictures of your wife and children, I’m not trying to cause you any trouble. 
It’s just...’  I really had their interest now, but it was tough to
get the words out.  I had thought about them during my entire captivity,
but now found it difficult to utter them.  Finally I blurted, ‘I would
like you to tie me to my bed  for the evening and then unbind me in
the morning....sir’._

_The men both smiled.  ‘Extraordinary’, Mr. Stanton said. ‘My dear
young lady we salute you and would be happy to accommodate your wish.’ 
Mr. Thatcher looked at me warmly and asked, ‘Are there any special instructions
that you would like to give us concerning your over nights restraint?’ 
I nodded my head, and said, ‘Yes.  I would like to have my wrists
and ankles bound to the corners of the bed, and to be gagged and blindfolded. 
I would appreciate if you could find a gag that is more comfortable than
the one we used earlier though, sir.’_

_‘Not a problem, my dear’, he answered.  ‘And you no longer have
to refer to us as sir, your bondage session is over’.  I smiled past
my fears of telling my true feelings, ‘Actually I wouldn’t really feel
comfortable calling you by your given names and I kind of like it.., sir.’ 
He nodded sagely, ‘that’s fine young lady.  I am sure that you
want to freshen up, a little so just call us when you are ready.’_

_As I left for my bedroom, I overhead Mr. Stanton, say something about
‘my boy... ’ and ‘what a truly extraordinary women...’ I didn’t know what
these things meant, but I had other plans in mind so I let it slide.  
Stripping out of my few pieces of clothing, I utilized the bathroom to
take a quick sponge bath.  From the back of the closet I removed my
multi pack stimulator from the suitcase I had secreted it in.  Five
minutes and I had the dildos strapped securely into me.  From the
draw I had assigned to nightclothes, I pulled out a set of pink silk pajamas. 
First the top went on.   It was loose and roomy,  resembling
a man’s work shirt with a wide lapel.  The elastic waistband of the
bottoms, rested on top of the leather belt about my waist.  I looked
at myself in the full-length mirror on the door and decided that the dildos
and straps couldn’t be seen.  The cords running over my butt showed
a little, but I knew how to handle that.  I slid into a pair of pink
nylon Isotoner slippers and opened the door._

_‘Gentlemen’, I called, ‘I could use your assistance now’.  I raced
back to the bed and pulled off the quilt.  I laid down, spreading
my extremities towards each of the posts in preparation.  I didn’t
have to wait long.  I could tell as they walked in that there was
some type of tension between them.  Mr. Thatcher carried rope in his
hands and Mr. Stanton was burdened with an assortment of leather straps
and cuffs._

_They both started to talk at once.  Mr. T. excused himself and
said something like guests first.  ‘My dear’, Mr. Stanton began, ‘you
didn’t specify what type of restraints that you would like to be used in
binding your lovely form to your bed.  I have tried to explain to
Mr. Thatcher, that after all of you time that you spent in rope tonight,
that you probably would like a change of pace’.  He held forth his
goodies.  ‘However, Mr......’_

_I cut him off quickly and raised myself onto my elbows.  ‘Gentlemen,
I apologize for not being more specific in my request.  And I am truly
sorry if I have caused any rift between two such wonderful friends.’ 
I paused thinking how best to frame my next words. ‘What I would like for
tonight is to be bound with rope...’  Mr. Thatcher beamed and Mr.
Stanton looked grim.  I hurried on with my explanation, ‘sort of a
continuation of our earlier contest.  Then tomorrow night, I would
very much like to sample your wares Mr. Stanton.  I think this will
give me a much better appreciation of both of your conflicting claims,
so that I can make a truly informed decision.’  Both men were now
smiling, so  I smiled also.  Lying back down, I spread my arms
towards the opposite posts.  ‘Whenever you are ready, gentlemen?’
I said with a slight questioning tone to my voice._

_Mr. Stanton put his leather goods down on a chair and waited for Mr.
Thatcher to do the honors.  We were both surprised, when Mr. T. handed
him two of the ropes and said, ‘They say many hands make light work, would
you mind helping me fulfill this beautiful young lady’s request?’ 
Mr. Stanton laughed a little, which relieved any of the existing tension
in the room and agreed readily.  As the two men worked, Mr. Stanton
asked, ‘So you like the spread eagle position, my dear?’  I blushed
a little and replied, ‘If you mean tied to the corners of the bed, yes. 
It’s the only position I have been able to achieve by myself with my nylon
restraints’.  He looked into my eyes, ‘by yourself, my dear? 
Why don’t you get your boy friend or... lover to help you.’  They
had finished their work.  I was now bound tightly, but not uncomfortably
to the bed.  There I was in my silk PJ’s talking to two men as if
we were sitting at the kitchen table.  I laughed at the sheer incongruity
of the situation.  ‘If you mean to ask, if I am gay’, I replied, ‘the
answer is a definitive NO!  And as for my boyfriend I kicked him out
over a month ago.  Besides I don’t think he would have cared for this
new passion I have developed.  He was rather a stuffy sort, not 
very inventive, which is part of the reason he’s history.’_

_I had said more than I had wanted to, but it had just sort of spilled
out.  ‘That’s really very sad young lady’, said Mr. Stanton with real
concern in his voice.  ‘At such a time in your life, when you are
delving into a whole new realm of excitement, it is a terrible thing not
to have someone to share it with.’  He shook his head sadly. 
‘Maybe Mr. Thatcher and I can come up with someone, whom you might like.’ 
He didn’t give me a chance to contradict him, as he finished with, ‘Yes,
I think we owe it to you to at least try.’  How do you argue with
that, I thought._

_‘Time to go to sleep, young lady’, Mr. Thatcher said changing the subject. 
He was holding a gag that looked like a scarf with a ball in the center. 
I opened my mouth and the bulge in the scarf slid in easily.  As he
bound it behind my head he explained that it was a favorite of his wife’s
and that it had a beanbag in the center.  It was a mouthful, but Ann
was right, it was much more comfortable than a ball gag.  Mr. Stanton
placed a white satin sleep mask over my eyes and slid the strap into place
behind my head.  He then did the nicest thing that anyone had done
to me in a long time.  He kissed me on the fore head and whispered,
‘Sweet dreams’.  Then I felt the comforter being draped over my bound
form.  After a few moments, I heard a light switch click and the door
close.  Despite the aching of most of the muscles in my body, I luxuriated
in the feel of the soft ropes and swiftly fell into a deep sleep._

_‘Sharon, Sharon, wake up’,  someone was calling.  Slowly,
my senses returned.  I am not what you would call a morning person. 
As my eyes cracked open, I realized that I could see.  Obviously the
blindfold had been removed.  The gag was also gone and I could see
and feel them working on my wrist and ankle bindings.  No, Dorothy,
I said to myself, it wasn’t a dream.  No reason to be embarrassed,
just relax, I told myself.  They gallantly had left the comforter
to cover me as they removed my restraints._

_I smelled the coffee before I saw it.  Mr. Stanton nodded towards
the drink and said, ‘Thought you might like a little pick me up while you
get ready.  You had a long night last night.  I hope that you
slept well.’  I smiled the best smile I could muster upon waking and
responded, ‘Thank you for asking and yes, I slept very well.’  Both
men moved to the door.  ‘We will leave you alone then.’_

_When they left I jumped out of bed... and felt every muscle in my body
ache.  I couldn’t go through the day like this.  Stripping the
dildos out of me and washing them off, I hid them away.  I carefully
folded and put away my silk pajamas, then found the widest open area in
the room.  Naked, I ran through a fifteen-minute aerobic workout,
concentrating on bending, stretching and other muscle relaxing exercises. 
I felt better as the hot water of the shower cascaded over my body. 
It stung a little when it hit my breasts, so I turned my back to the spray,
figuring they might be a tad sensitive for a while.  The pulsating
water did wonders to relieve the tightness in my shoulder blades. 
Performing my normal routine of getting ready for work, I dressed quickly
and headed for the kitchen._

_The men were talking business, and except for a brief exchange of good
mornings, they basically left me to myself.  As we drove to Mr. Stanton’s
office and we chatted about the countryside, the weather and his company. 
Mr. Stanton also asked me questions about myself, where I had gone to school,
about my previous employers and such.  He seemed surprised to hear
that I had gone to very expensive all girl college and that I had previously
worked for a prestigious law firm._

_I explained that my parents were quite well off, so their ‘little girl’
had to go to all of the proper schools, but that school and I never really
got along. I didn’t have the aspirations of many of my peers towards climbing
the corporate ladder or marrying someone just to fit into a certain social
class.  The law firm I began working for just sort of fell into my
lap, when I was graduating.  At one of my parent’s parties, I was
introduced to a very nice ‘eligible’ man.  Dave and I didn’t have
much in common, so he talked about his work.  After telling him that
I had taken a few law classes, but really had no idea what I want to do
for a career, he came up with an interesting suggestion.  Work as
a legal secretary.  If you find that you like the law you can go back
to school for your degree.  To me it was a way out of my parent’s
home, to my father it was a wonderful idea. Within a week, I was working
at the Dave’s firm._

_I found the law part of the work dreary, but the administrative end
of managing two to four lawyers’ schedules was like manna from heaven to
me.  I loved being in the ‘know’ on all the major going’s on in the
office.  Being part of the team, you might call it.  My favorite
part was knowing that I could make that onerous task look easy.  No
I wasn’t one of ‘them’, but they respected me none-the-less._

_I paused in my recollections and Mr. Stanton asked, ‘But why did you
leave, it sounds like you had a good thing going there?’_

_As I was slowly assimilated into there culture, I began to think that
maybe my parents and peers weren’t all wrong.  So, I started to date
Dave.  It was never what I would call a big romance, but we seemed
to have fun at all of the social events.  We started living together
shortly afterwards.  If I had done this with someone other than Dave
my father probably would have disinherited me.  So, life went on and
on ...and on.  After the newness of it all had worn off, I started
to realize that this was not what I wanted.  If we weren’t out, he
was glued to the Television set.  To make matters worse, CNN or sports
were all he cared to watch.  Even when we started talking about it,
it just didn’t get any better._

_After almost a year of this, I woke up one morning and decided enough
was enough.  He seemed to be shocked when I asked him to leave. 
It was a pretty ugly scene and I just wanted to get away from everything
that reminded me of it.  I resigned from the firm that morning, agreeing
only to stay on long enough for them to find my replacement.  Mom
refused to let Daddy cut my allowance off, so I was able to continue paying
my rent.  Needing to pay the rest of my expenses I went to work at
a temp. agency.  Looking over at Mr. Thatcher I added, ‘that is what
brought me to Leather & Lace, and I am glad that it did.  I really
would like to thank you and all of the people at the company for making
me feel so at home.  Even in such a short time, I feel like I am part
of the team and I have enjoyed the experience quite a bit.’  I wasn’t
trying to lay on the soft soap, what I was saying was true._

_Mr. Thatcher looked at me and said in that warm way of his, ‘you are
a part of the team, my dear, you have proved it since the first day of
your employment.  Now, that you have joined us its evident that you
are ‘assimilating’ yourself into our culture.  After this trip we
will have to have a discussion about more permanent employment within our
company.’  I liked the way he emphasized our company, but my mind
also keyed in on the ‘assimilating’ myself into their culture.  He
was correct, that is exactly what was happening to me.  But, where
the law firm was boring and stodgy, this company was exciting and vibrant._

_The workday seemed to take a long time to get through.  I ran the
computerized screen show at a meeting of over twenty people.  Then
it was take notes and make myself useful.  At four o’clock Mr. Thatcher
sent me back to the house to supervise the caterers.  We were throwing
a dinner party, for all of the senior people of Mr. Stanton’s company._

_The caters arrived on time and everything went smoothly.  I felt
comfortable enough by five-thirty to leave the manager alone and adjourned
to my room.  I didn’t have a lot of time so I limited my activities,
to my aerobic workout, showering and dressing.  I was still incredibly
horny from the night before and wished I had time for a little release,
but duty beckoned._

_Mr. Thatcher and Mr. Stanton, had spoken of the planned event, and had
said that they would be wearing Tuxes.  I was deemed the hostess for
the party so I chose to wear one of the gowns that I had brought with me.  
The plush black velvet dress, was backless with a halter-top.  The
collar that I buttoned behind my neck was gold, as was trim that was used
to accentuate the gowns lines.  The bright trim lined both sides of
my halter top, the V of which did not close until it reached, the matching
gold belt.  This was done very discreetly, however, so that there
was plenty of material to totally surround both of my breasts and showed
almost no cleavage.  The cut of the halter was so ingenious that it
made my breasts look like two separate black peaks._

_The dress itself was tight around my tush and thighs then flowed straight
to the floor.  There was a little flaring at the bottom, but it really
wasn’t needed.  It wasn’t needed because of the gold line that ran
down the right side of the dress.  It was really two sets of lines
of gold trim that overlapped.  What the trim was highlighting was
a slit that ran from floor to thigh.  If I wanted to show off a little
leg all I had to do was shift myself appropriately, but otherwise they
would be fully covered.  I wore the black satin garter belt and sheer
black hose.  The matching shoes were a sexy pair of suede ‘T’ strap
pumps, sporting a three plus inch heel.  I finished off my ensemble
with gold earrings and a thick gold bracelet.  I wore my hair up,
in a Jane Seymore style, leaving just a few curls to dangle next to my
ears._

_The evening went off splendidly.  Mr. T. and Mr. S. were in rare
form, making all of the others feel comfortable.  Champagne and wine
flowed freely and a good time was had by all.  I had many pleasant
conversations, but most of the people attending our small banquet were
married so everything was kept pretty tame.  Only one of the men got
a little out of line and a stern word of warning from Mr. Stanton stopped
him in his tracks._

_As the party broke up, I ushered people to the door where there were
hired cars to take everyone home.  Mr. T. had made it clear to me,
‘that no one was going to drive away from his party with too much drink
in them’, so I had set up this alternative.  By the time the caterers
and cleaning people left it was nearly eleven.  Mr. Thatcher said
to me, ‘It’s rather late, my dear.  Are you still game to continue
our contest?’  I nodded and smiled at Mr. Stanton before replying,
‘Actually I am looking forward to it, sir.’  Mr. T. smiled also and
then said, ‘Wonderful.  When you are ready meet Mr. Stanton and I
in the basement.’_

_Going to my room I checked my make up and added a few splashes of perfume. 
Touching up my hair, I smiled at my reflection and left for the basement._

_The room was similar to the recreation room above, with the exception
that it included a pool table and a large wooden frame near the far wall. 
They were congregated next to this frame and looked surprised to see me
so quickly.  ‘Weren’t you going to change, my dear?’ questioned Mr.
T.  ‘Unless its a problem for you, sirs’, I began.  ‘I would
like to wear this outfit during the remainder of the contest.’  As
I spoke I crossed my wrists above my head and spread my legs about two
feet apart, showing off my black stockings to just above the knee. 
They still looked skeptical so using one hand I parted the slit up to my
thigh.  Then I pointed at my shoes and said with a smile, ‘I have
come prepared, high heels and all, sirs.’_

_Both men laughed.  ‘You are truly amazing young lady’, Mr. Stanton
began.  ‘Your dress is just fine, but your shoes... well, let me just
say that they aren’t high heels.’  I started to argue, but a wave
of his hand cut me off.  He walked over to me and handed me a box,
making motions with his hands that I should open it.  Setting it down
on the pool table, I did so.  Once I pushed the white tissue paper
aside I was greeted to a marvelous site.  Black patent leather pumps,
with a narrow pointy toe, all resting on a six-inch spike heel.  The
tip of the toe and half of the spike heel where covered by gold plate. 
They were exquisite.  I lifted one from its cocoon of tissue paper
and ran my fingers over the steeply arched sole of the pump.  The
patent leather gleamed like a shinny mirror.  Mr. Stanton said, ‘One
of my subsidiaries makes most of the shoes that you see in your catalog. 
I took the liberty of checking your shoe size while we were in your bedroom
last night, for just this purpose.’  He paused and then added, ‘Do
you like them?’_

_I gave him a hug, and a kiss on the cheek, ‘There beautiful.  No
they are better than that, they’re exquisite!’  I felt like a kid
at receiving a birthday present and it showed.  ‘But, how did you
know that I would be wearing black and gold tonight?’  He nodded his
head towards the table next to the frame, on which were three other boxes. 
‘These were my first choice’, he explained.  ‘Not only because they
are lovely, but also because I thought you would wear the same bra and
panty outfit as last night.  However, I do know who women like to
change their minds so I came prepared.  Those boxes contain similar
pairs of heels in red, white and plain black.’  I looked at the table
in awe.  ‘They are all yours, my dear’, he finished.  I gave
him another hug and said, ‘I’m sure that I will love them all, but I must
confess that I don’t think that I will be able to walk in them.’_

_‘Highly understandable, young lady’, he answered, causing me to sigh
in relief.  ‘Walking in heels like this takes quite a bit of practice. 
But, we wouldn’t be asking you to walk in them, only stand in them!’ 
I looked at the sky high heel dubiously and Mr. Stanton continued, ‘Shall
we begin?’_

_Taking the shoes from me, he escorted me over to the frame.  The
room had a normal eight-foot high ceiling, which the top of the frame almost
reached.  It was made of heavy varnished wood that sprouted steel
cables from the four corners and the four points of the compass. 
‘Is this another one of your kits, sir?’ I asked Mr. Thatcher.  ‘The
deluxe version, not in the catalog yet’, he replied with a smile._

_Unlike last night, tonight’s bindings went fairly quickly.  I was
asked to hold out my wrists and padded leather manacles were buckled into
place.  They were fastened very tightly, but the foam rubber padding
made them very comfortable.  The cuffs were just like I imagined them
from the picture that I had seen in the catalog.  Thick black leather
with chrome D rings and buckles.  Mr. Stanton reached above me and
pulled upon the cable above my head.  It came down with the whining
sound of machinery.  Using the snap clasp he attached both of my wrists
to the end of the cable.  He nodded to Mr. Thatcher and I heard the
ratcheting sound of a winch.  I watched as my hands went from waist
level, to chest level, then eye level and finally over my head.  Mr.
Stanton nodded again and the cable stopped its upward progress.  My
arms were above my head, but not uncomfortably so; I waited for what was
to come._

_Mr. Stanton knelt down in front of me and attached similar cuffs to
my ankles.  The black cuffs were so tight that they seemed to meld
into my legs and become part of my black nylons.  He then undid the
clasps on my shoes and removed them.   My arms had not been tight
before, but now without my high heels I was left standing on tiptoe so
as not to be left hanging entirely by my wrists.  Before this could
become uncomfortable, he placed the new heels beside my feet.  I lifted
my right foot and used my stocking clad toes to feel there way into the
pump.  I found the heel and slid inward down the steeply arched sole
until my toes were tightly ensconced into the narrow leather confines. 
Doing the same with my left foot released all of the strain on my arms,
but now I had to worry about balancing in the six-inch heels._

_I swayed and shifted my feet from side to side, trying to get used to
new shoes.  My ankles had to work hard to keep my feet from shifting
in the high spikes.  This made me reminiscent of my first attempts
to wear high heels as a young girl.  Putting on those two-inch pumps
for the first time and practicing in them for hours, so that I could walk
without stumbling.  Then being so proud and at the same time self
conscious as I walked down the center aisle at church to communion. 
I wondered if all of the boys were looking at my feet and thinking that
I must be ‘hot stuff’ because I was wearing heels.  As I began to
get the feel for my new shoes, I realized that if I wore these in public
that all of the ‘boys’ would definitely think I was ‘hot stuff’._

_Mr. S. had left for a minute and now returned with a metal bar. 
The bar was able to contact and expand as desired.  He looked over
to Mr. T. and who said, ‘Two feet should be enough.  She is new to
this and I doubt that she could take the usual three or more feet’. 
I had no idea what they were talking about, until looking more closely
at the bar I saw that it had eyelets at each end.  This must be a
spreader bar, I now understood and they must be talking about how far that
they are going to spread my ankles.  I looked down at my feet, which
were comfortably set about eight or ten inches apart.  Two feet? Three
feet or more?  What in these heels?  They must be crazy, I thought._

_‘A shade under three, I think’, answered Mr. S.  ‘Two and nine,
lets call it.  Remember this is the stressful part of my bondage scenario. 
I am sure that you made a lasting impression on the young lady with your
breast bondage last night.  If I am going to be able to overcome that
I will have to push this enchanting woman to her limits.’  This was
another decision that I wasn’t going to get any input into, of that I was
sure._

_It is at first difficult to think of yourself in such a submissive role,
but it is freeing in other ways.  You get a certain sense of freedom,
in letting someone else control your actions.  In this case if I had
been asked I was sure that I would have opted for a smaller spread, but
another part of me would always have wondered what the larger would have
felt like.  In this way the two gentlemen had made the decision for
me and I would reap both the trials and the tribulations of the affair,
without being mad at myself for choosing the more or less difficult path._

_Mr. S. knelt again and commanded me to spread my ankles.  I did
as requested, trying to achieve the required distance.  The strain
on my ankles and the pressure of my toes pushing into the pointy toes of
my shoes magnified as I spread my legs.  Mr. S. attached the spreader
bar to one ankle then had me spread a little further and attached the other
ankle.  This made for a very unstable platform on which to stand. 
I found that I was using my hands to hold to the cable above my head to
make it easier to balance myself.  Actually my hands were wrapped
around a six-inch length of rubber hose that encircled the steel cable. 
I had not understood the necessity of this little addition prior to this
point, but now I was very happy to take advantage of it.  Holding
on to a steel cable with my bare hands, would not have been possible for
very long.  I needed this help in order to remain standing in my pumps. 
I soon wanted out of the painful heels, but I realized that was the ‘trial’
part of this bondage situation.  If I did that, or fell out of my
heels, I would just have to get right back into them and start all over
again._

_I looked down again and saw Mr. S. attaching the cables coming from
the bottom corners of the frame to a second set of D rings on my ankle
cuffs.  When he had both the left and right leg clasps in place, I
heard that distinctive ratcheting sound of the winch.  Both ankle
cables were pulled at the same time.  They went slowly enough that
I was able to slide the toes and heels of my shoes sideways into the new
position, without ‘falling out of them’.  When the winches were stopped,
the cables were tautly strung to there respective corners.  Looking
down at the uncomfortable set up, I saw the left cable attached to the
outside D-ring on my leather ankle cuff.  The inside D-ring was clasped
to the spreader bar.  The bar ran its nearly three feet between my
widely spread legs and then terminated in another chain link attached to
the inside D-ring on my right ankle restraint.  The outside ring was
pulled tightly to the corner by its attached cable.  Very effective
immobilization, I thought to myself._

_Mr. T. stood and buckled a leather belt about my waist.  It was
studded with D-rings around its entire length.  He used two of these
D-rings to attach the cables from the East and West points of the frame
to my sides.  Again the ratcheting commenced and did not stop, until
the belt was pulled tightly enough that is was squeezing my stomach. 
Just when I thought they were done, I heard the winch start again and my
arms were raised upwards.  The cable pulled my arms till they were
taut, but not high enough to take any of my weight off of my high-heeled
perch._

_The final ingredients to my bondage were a gag and blind fold. 
‘My dear, pardon me for this gag’, Mr. Stanton began, ‘but Mr. Thatcher
and I have decided that we had to make your gag at least partially as uncomfortable
as last nights.  If we did not do this he would have an undue advantage
in the scoring.’  He held up the gag for me to see.  It was a
penis gag.  The rubber phallus was thick and about four inches long. 
Yes, I could imagine that this would be as uncomfortable as last nights. 
‘I can see you point, sirs’, I sighed in response, ‘we couldn’t let any
unfairness creep into my decision, now could we?’  Smiling I opened
my mouth to except the rubber cock._

_I generally like to try new things.  While I had never used this
type of gag before I had blown a number of men before, so I wasn’t anticipating
any problems.  It always amazed what a man would do to get a good
blowjob.  He would stand on his head and whistle Dixie, if he knew
that that would be his reward.  I could make Dave do anything I wanted
for an entire evening, by just whispering in his ear what was waiting for
him at the end of the night.  For myself, I took it as a personal
challenge to see how much of my lovers manhood that I could get into my
mouth and down my throat.  I had even learned to drink his cum, simply
because of how crazy it made him.  Ahhh, if only I could have made
him more interesting.  Or if only he had taken more control, and behaved
like a man...._

_I could tell that the two gentlemen before me would not have been as
easily manipulated.  In fact at the moment the shoe was on the other
foot.  The penis slid easily between my lips, despite its unusual
width.  It was only as the final few centimeters went in that I could
feel it press up against the roof of my mouth and back of my throat. I
had to fight off my gag reflex as it was pressed home.  Unlike a real
penis this one did not bend quite as easily and felt like a fully erect
cock from the moment it went in. Usually I have time to work up to that
feeling and get used to it, but now wam bam thank you mam.  The leather
straps were buckled behind my head and I was left with my mouth stretched
widely open and my throat stuffed with a circumcised rubber head._

_The blindfold would have been anticlimactic if they hadn’t started one
of the stupid devices you use when you’re learning to play music. 
The metronome gave off that loud tick tick sound that you couldn’t block
out, making you aware of every second that passed and making every minute
seem twice as long.  I wasn’t sure which one of their ideas this was,
whomever it was fiendishly clever._

_Two hours started to look like an eternity.  Even my dress, which
I had picked to wear for the eroticism of being bound in it, was becoming
uncomfortable.  Spreading my legs so much had caused it to be pulled
taut against my left leg and when that wasn’t enough it began to bunch
up beneath my rear end.  Not that it was exactly painful just one
more nuisance._

_The cuffs held my wrists as comfortably as possible, but I was still
putting a lot of weight against them at the tops, which were digging into
the back of my hands.  The penis gag made breathing through my nose
necessary, and generally just was a pain in the neck.  The pumps though
were truly the punishment item they were intended to be.  Even after
learning the trick of moving my heels more towards the center and my toes
towards their respective corners, they were still downright uncomfortable. 
Painful is probably a more appropriate term, but I had a hard time using
it in my mind, as I was the one initiating it._

_Human feet are simply not made to have their heels held six inches in
the air.  This forces much of the weight of your body down the steep
incline of the shoes sole and into the tight confines of their pointed
toes.  Usually your weight is spread out evenly over your entire foot,
say if you are wearing sneakers.   With heels though the amount
of surface area that your weight is spread upon is what is left of the
sole that touches the ground.  That is to say basically the area about
your toes.  To make matters worse, as the height of the heel increases
more of the sole is need to create the arch from toe to heel.  Consequently
less of the sole is available as surface area against which your weight
can find purchase._

_Yes, I had much too much time to think while being bound like this. 
Suffice it to say, that my toes were being squeezed into my mile high pumps
and if it hadn’t been for the gag I would have been begging for their removal
after the first fifteen minutes.   I don’t think that I would
have had a problem handling the pumps, if my legs weren’t spread so far
apart and if I could move them a bit.  But, there was no relief to
be found for my pain peds in this position._

_In honesty I could get out of this if necessary.  They had given
me a ball to hold in one hand and I was to drop it if the situation became
too intense for me.  I refused to do so.  Instead, I worked on
soaking up all of the feelings passing through me.  The painful ones
as well as the few pleasurable ones.  Yes, despite my painstaking
position, I was still sexually excited.  In fact I had been dying
for some sexual release for almost two days now.  The new bondage
position continued to warm my aching loins.  This in itself had both
pleasure and pain associated with it.  Oh, God did I need to cum! 
Time wore on._

_Unlike last night where I knew that the men were always close by, tonight
they left me in silence.  Only the beat of the metronome filled the
air.  I wasn’t sure if they were still there sitting quietly watching
me or if the had adjourned to the upstairs.  They did check on me
at intervals, I suppose to make sure that I had not dropped the ball. 
But also to make sure that I hadn’t ‘fallen out of’ or more likely kicked
of the killer heels._

_About twelve hours later, or at least that’s what it seemed like; I
felt the cable holding my arms begin to loosen.  ‘Time is up, my dear’,
Mr. T. said brightly.  I felt one of them remove my pumps from my
aching feet.  My poor peds were almost paralyzed, so it took me a
few moments to recognize the feeling of my comfortable slippers being put
onto my feet.  My scrunched toes were giving off that pins and needles
feeling that you get from being out in the cold to long as the circulation
returns._

_One man stripped out the penis gag, while the other freed my ankles. 
After I had gotten used to the penis gag, I had decided that it wasn’t
as bad as the harness gag with the huge ball.  It left my mouth with
that same kind of slurping sound that you hear when you’re giving a blowjob.
I wondered if I had done that unintentionally or if that were normal? 
The blindfold and the wrist restraints quickly followed._

_Mr. Stanton held my arm and led me over to a waiting chair.  I
slumped into it exhaustedly.  This bondage had been much more strenuous
than the previous evenings.  ‘How do you feel, my dear’, Mr. Thatcher
asked me.  ‘I don’t think that I am supposed to divulge that information
until tomorrow morning, sir’, I responded.  He looked at me kindly
and said, ‘your trails are over young lady.  You have seen both worlds,
as it were, and are now in a position to make a judgment.’  I looked
over at Mr. Stanton, ‘Your not trying to get out of binding me to my bed
tonight, are you sir?’, I asked.  ‘No, of course not, my dear’, he
responded quickly.  ‘Then I believe that I should reserve my judgment
until the morning, sirs’, I finished._

_Mr. Thatcher laughed and Mr. Stanton joined in.  ‘We have been
out foxed by a nubie sub, Arch’, Mr. T. said.  ‘How do you like that.’? 
Mr. S. laughed again and responded, ‘I love it.  I don’t think I’ve
had this much fun with any of our models, since the time we bound your
wife for the first new style catalog.’  That little remark breathed
new life into my tired bones.  ‘If you gentlemen don’t mind I would
like to take a shower and prepare for bed.  I would appreciate if
you could be available in, say half an hour?’ I informed the happy gentlemen. 
They made depreciating gestures and said that they would be there with
‘bells on’._

_I made it back to my room and stripped.  Did some stretching exercises
and then took my shower.  Sliding the stimulator pack in, I took a
few more seconds and turned the vibrator on.  It felt so good, but
just as I was nearing my climax, someone knocked on my door.  I quickly
turned off the vibrator saying loudly, ‘Just a minute’.  I threw on
my pink silk PJ’s and slid into my pink slippers.  I couldn’t do anything
about my flushed face so I opened the door._

_‘I am sorry to rush you, my dear’, Mr. Thatcher started.  ‘But
it getting late for us older people and we’ve got a full day planned for
tomorrow.’  I responded a little shakily, ‘No problem, I was just
doing some stretching exercises to relieve some muscle tension.’ 
I laid down upon the bed and said, ‘whenever your ready’.  They bond
me the same as the previous evening, with the exception of using leather
cuffs and straps rather than rope.  The beanbag gag and sleep mask
were put in place and then I heard the door shut._

_Unlike last night I did not get to sleep easily.  I tried shifting
my hips and rubbing my buttocks back and forth, hoping to shift the dildo’s
enough to get me off.  I had little success.  I was simply bound
too tightly.  Groaning through the gag in frustration, I lay back
totally spent._

_At breakfast the next morning I could tell that both men were anxiously
awaiting my decisions.  After I had been unsuccessful in my masturbation
attempts, I lay exhaustedly with little to do but think.  Therefore
I had given plenty of thought to what I was about to say._

_‘Good morning, gentlemen’, I said as I poured myself a cup of coffee. 
Setting up a dish of fruit and adding a cup of yogurt I sat down at the
table.  I looked at the two men and began, ‘I am sorry Mr. Stanton,
but I think that I preferred rope to the leather restraints.  I truthfully
have a difficult time saying that one was more comfortable than the other,
but I liked the personal touch of the rope.’  Mr. Thatcher looked
smugly at his friend.  I continued quickly, ‘On the other hand Mr.
Thatcher, your original thesis that rope could replace leather restraints,
is well... all wet.’  I paused as Mr. T. frowned and Mr. S. smiled. 
‘I truly don’t believe that you could ship your kits without Mr. Stanton’s
wonderful leather goods.  Mainly, because of there ease of use, but
also because they are comfortable.  My final word on the subject is
that an admitted expert bound me.  Mr. Stanton has attested to this
himself and he seems to be an expert in his own right.  Now, if a
lesser rope man had bound me, it is doubtful that I would have reached
my current conclusion.  Therefore, for the most common bondage enthusiast
leather restraints are probably the way to go.  Again, I am new to
all of this but that is the way that I feel.’_

_I sipped my coffee and ate a little of my food.  I felt that I
had assuaged both of their egos without straying from the truth. 
‘Mr. Stanton’, I began again.  ‘You won the most uncomfortable bondage
scenario.  I didn’t think that anyone could beat your breast bondage,
Mr. Thatcher, it was masterful, but....’ I let my voice trail off and shook
my head.  ‘I know that I will love the pumps you have given me, 
...worn properly that is, Mr. Stanton.  But, used in a punishment
capacity, they were far more uncomfortable than the breast bondage. 
Anyhow gentlemen those are my decisions.’   Both men looked pleased
with my answers and I was happy that I could give each of them one of the
accolades, with a clear conscience.  But what I said was true. 
In point of fact my feet were still so sore that I was wearing flats today,
rather than the more normal office wear of mid-sized heels.  With
my plaid skirt and white shirt I doubted that anyone would even notice
the small incongruity._

_Leather & Lace
continues in
[Chapter
5 – Painful Lesson in Sisterhood](leather_lace5.html)

16/01/02

story continues in [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace5.html)

o0o
