---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Salesman
authors:
- Northern Chill
tags:
- M/f
- transform
- magic
- lovedoll
- nc
- X
---

Jennifer toweled
off after her morning swim. She loved to go in the pool first thing in the morning
after seeing her husband off to work. David was a wonderful man who provided
her a very satisfactory lifestyle but unfortunately due to his many long nights
at work, it left her very bored at times. At first, she tried hobbies,
surfing the net and various other activities but none seemed to satisfy her,
especially her raging desire and passion.
So she started to take on a few lovers from around the
city. She was always discreet with them and made sure that at first they never
met at her home or at places she might be recognized. However, she recently
had dropped quite a bit of secrecy and once was on the phone with one while
her husband's car was just leaving for the day.
*Oh but the sex was well worth it* she mused to herself.
She absently played with her breasts as she envisioned how her lovers would
run their hands all over her supple body bringing her to the height of ecstasy
again and again. Last week, she even arranged a 3-way with a man and another woman. The
bed creaked and moaned well into the night as they wriggled and screamed
with lust and passion. She thought it would be a night she would have to try
again, soon.
She was brought of her daydreaming by the chimes of the doorbell. She glanced at her
watch and realized it must be the salesman David told her was
coming by to discuss house improvements and other matters.
She scurried to the front door still wearing her damp two piece
silver bikini and opened up the door. A man in his mid 30's was standing there,
black hair with greying at the temples, carrying a silver attache case in one
hand and a walking cane in the other. Jennifer noticed that the cane head was
a silver snake head which looked very detailed.
"Jennifer, I presume," he said. "My name is Tim. Tim Smith.."
He looked at her with a look of anticipation and something else, something Jennifer
couldn't quite place.
She invited him inside and asked him if he'd like something
to drink. He shook his head "No, not now... we have much to discuss.." he said firmly.
A little disconcerted, she nevertheless invited him to sit
out by the pool for their discussion. Once seated, Tim turned to her and asked
a series of relatively boring questions concerning how long they lived there,
had they made any improvements to the house since then, and so on.
He then started to ask questions of a more personal nature,
like did they plan to have children in the future. When he started to inquire
about her sex life, Jennifer raised her hands. "Sorry, that's too much info
for what you need."
Tim smiled. "Oh, but David has helped us on his end and you'd
like us to be thorough, wouldn't you?" he said as he raised up his cane
in his hands. The head of the snake was facing her and the tiny eyes seemed
to be fixed on her own.
Jennifer's objections seemed to melt away in her mind. *Honesty,
yes, that never hurts - to a point* she mused to herself as her mind seemed
to be getting a little hazy.
Tim's probing questions seemed to be coming awful fast. Sex
with David? Oh yes, but not often enough she seemed to blurt out. She was going
to apologize but it didn't seem to matter and it was getting very warm.
Lovers ? Oh yes, she said, very slowly and listed off quite
a few of them by name, forgetting her earlier confidences. It was strange how
warm she was and how her body felt so tight now and pleasurable.
_**Fucktoy*** ?_What was that word coming
into her mind for?* She noticed her legs were spreading apart. Oh, but she
felt so good. She felt her sexual desire becoming all-consuming. That and her
need to please and be used seemed to overwhelm her foggy mind. Suddenly, she
felt herself slide slowly off the chair, hitting the concrete patio. Strangely,
she seemed to bounce with almost a squeaky noise. She did not move.
During all this, Mr. Smith just sat there with the cane head
pointed at her. When she hit the floor, he got up, went over, and picked her
up. He carried her inside the house and she could tell that she was light as
a feather. He then stood her against the bed and methodically began to take
off her silver bikini. He then took a full length mirror out and stood it in
front of Jennifer.
Jennifer was shocked at the image that looked back at her.
She had been transformed into a lifelike love doll. Her breasts were enlarged
and rode high on her chest. Her cheeks had an artificial look, with a bright
red color to them. Her mouth was stuck in an O-shape as was her anus. She tried
to scream or move but could do neither.
Tim then walked over in front of her and looking directly
in her doll eyes said "My dear, this whole procedure is only temporary. You see,
your husband found out about your indiscretions some time ago. Once he calmed
down a little, he contacted my firm to arrange revenge; a different type of
revenge, you see. You'll stay in this form for 6 months, to be used and stored
as a plastic doll, as David sees fit. After the 6 months, you'll revert back
to human form but with one minor difference. If you ever think of telling anybody
about this or return to screwing around behind your husband's back, you'll revert
to this form instantly and on a PERMANENT basis."
Tim reached over and cupped Jennifer's inflated right breast
with his hand. A bolt of almost indescribable ecstasy hit her and she would
have moaned out loud if she was able to. "The positive thing - from your perspective
- is that your body is now hyper-sensitive to all love making. In time, you'll
learn to look forward to being _**used***.." he said with a small smile.
He then took her body and set it on her bed, ready to be fucked
by her husband in a new way. Tim picked up his attaché case. "Goodbye Jennifer,
I must be going now. I'm really busy today. Your husband provided me quite a
list of names and sales are way up for the home office." he said with a small
snicker. He then limped softly out the door and closed it quietly.
Jennifer lay on the bed, unable to lift a finger, waiting
for her husband's return with a mixture of fear and anticipation while wondering
what would have happened if she didn't let the salesman in...._

_17.06.06_

_story continues in [_*The Salesman 2 -**](the_salesman2.html)

o0o
