---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/unconventional3.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Unconventional 2
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- FF/mm
- F/f
- Sbf
- D/s
- hotel
- leather
- latex
- bond
- cuffs
- chast
- ponyplay
- displays
- tease
- toys
- saddle
- stuck
- caught
- mast
- oral
- sex
- climax
- first
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2012-12-02 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part two](unconventional2.html)

**Part 3: Lady Onyx Comes Out**

Shannon once again appeared at Julia’s room and once again allowed Billy to dress her in the rubber outfit which now caused her to become very turned on and extremely wet. As they both strode though the lobby, Shannon glanced at the front desk. With a little feeling of relief she saw that Jody wasn’t there. The night’s activities were even more interesting. Shannon attended several programs including ‘Safe and Effective Whipping’ , ‘Anal Toys from Beginner to Advanced’ and ‘Bondage on a Budget’. It was the last demo of the evening that Julia was quite eager to show her.

They entered one of the smaller ballrooms where a bondage fashion show was presented. Over the next hour Shannon watched as subs were paraded up and down the runway wearing various kinds of bondage outfits. Near the end of the show the young riding mistress she had met the other evening presented two ponyslaves. Besides a female pony, the young man who was with Mistress Penelope was also severely harnessed, bridled and bitted. He wore pony hoof boots and a large horsetail plug was in his rear. Shannon was practically drooling as she watched him being put through his paces. The sweat glistened on his body and Shannon watched as his muscles strained in his restraints.

“Wasn’t I right about him?” asked Julia “Totally gorgeous and if he wasn’t wearing that chastity tube you’d see that he was hung like a horse as well.”

Shannon looked at Julia. “Why are you so intent on showing him to me? Isn’t he Mistress Penelope’s sub? Wouldn’t she be just a bit put off by someone else gawking at her property?”

“Well he’s not really her sub. It’s a bit complicated, but she doesn’t own him. She is however very concerned about Brandon’s… oh that’s his name by the way… his welfare.”

“And where do I fit it?” asked Shannon.

“As I told you this morning today’s his twenty-first birthday. Mistress Penelope wants Brandon to have a very special birthday present.”

“Me?!”

“Not by yourself. I promised Mistress Penelope that I’d observe to make sure that nothing got too extreme.”

“No, I can’t do that. Look at him. He’s half my age. “

“So what? What does age have to do with it? This is your chance to explore your power over a willing submissive. Look at him. See how he obeys without hesitation. Those thighs. That ass. Lady Onyx I can see that you want him and want him badly. If you don’t take him now you’ll never get this chance again.”

Shannon looked at the young submissive being guided up and down the runway. Julia was right. Just looking at him, helpless and in control of the riding mistress was too tempting.

“What do we have to do?” Shannon asked. Her throat was dry and she was now subconsciously placing her hand between her thighs.

“After the demo we’ll go up to Mistress Penelope’s suite. I’ll bring Billy along since I’m going to need a little attention myself.”

“I’m going to break all the rules.” Shannon said softly.

“You made the rules and it’s in your power to break or change them.” Replied Julia. “Never forget Lady Onyx that you control your life, not some outmoded concept of behavior.”

As she sat and watched the demonstration Shannon thought about Julia’s words and began to feel more at ease with what she was about to do.

The demonstration ended and fifteen minutes later Shannon and Julia stood in front of Mistress Penelope’s door. Julia knocked and they entered the suite.

Mistress Penelope looked at Shannon. “Lady Onyx, I expect you will follow proper precautions and not abuse my hospitality.”

“Of course Mistress Penelope.” Shannon replied. She almost stuttered but stayed composed as Mistress Penelope stared at her.

“Julia has vouched for you, otherwise I would not have allowed you to come tonight. However, Brandon asked for you specifically and it is his birthday.” Then Mistress Penelope added, “ Don’t make me regret my decision or you’ll regret it.”

With those words Mistress Penelope left the suite. Shannon looked at Julia. “He asked for ME?” she asked.

“When Brandon first laid eyes on Lady Onyx he asked Mistress Penelope who it was. “ Julia replied. “Remember when I said how others wanted to serve you? I saw right away that Brandon was one of those who did. Mistress Penelope spoke to me just after you left last night and questioned me about who you were.”

“You didn’t tell her that I…” Shannon gasped.

“No, I just told her that you were a friend of mine and new to the scene.” Julia replied. “Then Mistress Penelope told me about how Brandon pleaded with her to make you his birthday present. She is very cautious regarding Brandon and she wouldn’t agree to a complete stranger giving him a session except on the condition that I would supervise things.”

Shannon looked at Brandon. He was kneeling on the floor, his wrists secured in a pair of hinged handcuffs and leg irons. “I’m not sure where to start.” said Shannon.

Julia held out a set of keys that Mistress Penelope had given her just before she left the suite. “Maybe you want to check out the goods.” She chuckled.

\* \* \* \* \*

“Stand up slave.” Shannon said, a little nervousness in her voice. Brandon tried to get up. It was difficult in the leg irons but Julia gave him a swat on the rear. “Listen to your Mistress!” she shouted at him. Quickly he got to his feet and stood before Shannon.

“Do you know who I am?” asked Shannon.

“Lady Onyx,.” He replied, his head bowed.

Shannon took the riding crop and smacked him on his rear. “You forgot something.” She said much more forcefully and smacked his rear again.

“Lady Onyx… Mistress!” Brandon quickly said.

“Julia said you were hung like a horse. Is that true Brandon? Are you a real stallion, or just a pitiful gelding?”

It was at this point that Julia was shocked and amazed that Shannon had thrown herself into the role of Lady Onyx so quickly without any prompting.

“Why don’t you see for yourself Lady Onyx?” Julia asked. “The brass key will unlock the chastity tube.”

Shannon took the key and unlocked the device. She started to remove it but stopped. “My, my… I bet it’s been a while since you had this off. “ she said mockingly. “Maybe I shouldn’t be so quick.”

Brandon had a pleading look in his eyes. “Please Mistress. Take it off. It’s been too long.”

“And how long has it been slave?” Shannon asked.

“Two years Mistress.” He replied.

“Liar!” she shouted and slapped Brandon’s face. ”I ought to lock this back on and throw the key down the toilet!”

“No Mistress! Please. I’m telling the truth. Please, Mistress Julia tell Lady Onyx I’m not lying!”

Julia was grinning from ear to ear. “I don’t know Brandon. I bet you’d say anything to get out of that thing. Maybe Lady Onyx should just lock you back up.”

Brandon was actually starting to cry. “I’m not lying. Please believe me Mistresses!”

“Oh sheesh, such a crybaby! Said Shannon “You want me to release you?”

“Please Mistress.” Brandon begged.

“Then come over to the bed.”

Brandon hobbled over to the bed. Shannon laid down and began removing her tights. “Julia, can you get Billy to give me a hand?”

“Of course.” replied Julia. “Billy, help Lady Onyx out.”

Billy quickly crawled over to Shannon and slowly pulled down her rubber tights. The odor of sweat mixed with her pussy juices soon spread throughout the room.

“Oh my. “ exclaimed Julia. “You are starting to enjoy yourself.”

“Then come and join me.” Shannon said.

Julia walked over to the bed and lay next to Shannon. “Don’t just gawk at me Billy. Help me out of these too.” With that Billy unlaced Julia’s leather trousers and removed them.

“Now before I let you use that tool of yours slave, let’s see if you can do something simple. Come here and eat me out.”

“Yes Mistress” Brandon replied and kneeled in front of Shannon’s thoroughly drenched pussy. He began to slowly lick around her hairless mound.

“I see you took my advice.” Giggled Julia as she directed Billy to begin to go down on her as well.

“Oh shut ..shut…shut… OH DAMN… OH DAMN!” Shannon blurted out as she quickly had an orgasm.

“Shit Boy! Take it slow… you let me cum too soon!” Shannon shouted and gave Brandon a stroke on his ass with the crop.

“Slow damn it!… yes that’s it… no not there! Yes there..j ust keep go…go… OH YES!”

Brandon soon found what Shannon wanted him to do and he threw everything he had into it. Shannon was coming over and over again.

“MORE!… MORE!… DEEPER DAMN IT… DEEPER!”

Julia was having just as good a time as Shannon. Of course Billy was far more experienced and knew exactly what Julia wanted.

“STOP!” shouted Shannon. She sat up and grabbed Brandon’s hair. “I’m far from satisfied “she panted. She pushed him back onto the floor and taking the brass key unlocked and removed the chastity device. Quickly it became erect. “Damn! You ARE hung!” exclaimed Shannon as it grew to an impressive size.

“Hold on” Julia said quite out of breath. From a nightstand she took a condom and threw it to Shannon. “You don’t want to have a little accident do you?”

“You know I love rubber anyway.” laughed Shannon. She took the condom from its pack and pulled it over Brandon’s rock hard cock. In seconds she had impaled herself on it.

“COME ON BOY!” she shouted as rode Brandon like she would’ve ridden a race horse. She felt him tense up and he soon came.

“DON’T YOU DARE GO SOFT ON ME BOY!” she screamed and began using the crop on him. He began getting hard again and Shannon continued to bounce up and down on his cock. She came over and over again.

Exhausted Shannon finally dismounted the boy. She got up and collapsed on the bed next to Julia.

“It was worth it wasn’t it?” asked Julia who was also quite weak from Billy’s gifted tongue.

“Not quite.” said Shannon.

“What are you talking about?”

“So I got a great fuck. But I didn’t truly dominate him.”

“What more did you want?”

“To totally humiliate him.”

“Like what?”

“Is Billy straight?”

“No… oh you wouldn’t… Oh” giggled Julia.

“Billy, take the keys and unlock him” Shannon ordered.

“Yes Mistress” Billy replied and soon removed the cuffs and leg irons from Brandon.

“Now you two go over to the center of the room.” Ordered Shannon.

“Yes Mistress” they replied and did as they were told.

Shannon smiled. “Now suck each other’s cock.”

Brandon had a horrified look on his face.

“Oh don’t think you were just going to get by with fucking me. I want to make sure that you learn that when I say jump you don’t bother asking ‘How high?’. You jump until I’M satisfied. SUCK HIS COCK SLAVE!”

Brandon opened his mouth and soon Billy’s large organ had entered it. Billy had already taken Brandon’s cock and was sucking with a great deal of enthusiasm.

“Let’s make this more interesting.” said Shannon. “Whoever makes the other cum first will be the winner.”

While Brandon had been hesitant at first, the thought of a reward by Lady Onyx gave him the incentive to try to make Billy cum. However, Billy was too far experienced and practiced. No matter how much Brandon tried, Billy would not cum. On the other hand, Billy had little trouble in bringing Brandon to the point of cumming. Over and over he would bring Brandon to the edge and then back off.

“It’s not quite fair. “ laughed Julia. “Billy is just toying with him.”

“Finish him off Billy.” said Shannon.

Billy complied and in moments Brandon shot a large load of cum into Billy’s mouth. Billy looked at Julia. Julia nodded and Billy swallowed.

Shannon looked over at Julia. “How much stamina does Billy have?” She asked.

“Quite a lot.” said Julia “Especially after I just gave him a large dose of his E.D. ‘medicine’. Why do you ask?”

“Billy won so it’s time for his reward. Brandon, on your hands and knees and raise your ass up. “ Brandon quickly turned over on the floor and positioned himself as ordered.

Shannon now smiled. Julia looked at her. It was smile which she had not seen before.

Shannon took a tube of lubricant and opened it. She squeezed it and placed a large dollop of the liquid on her fingers. Walking over to Brandon she placed her one hand on his ass and with the hand which had the lube pushed her fingers into his asshole. Brandon jerked and whimpered as her fingers went deep into his hole. She made sure that it was thoroughly coated then withdrew her hand.

She took hold of Billy’s cock and stroked it. It was still as hard as a rock.

“You know what to do.” Shannon whispered to Billy. “Yes Mistress” he replied and he walked behind Brandon.

“Plleeess…” Brandon started to say, but Shannon cut him off.

“No slave… you will do what I want and what I want is for you to ask Billy to fuck you in the ass.”

Brandon’s tears fell to the floor. Shannon bent down and said forcefully into his ear. “You asked for me to dominate you tonight. I want you to show me that you are worthy of my control by doing what I tell you to do. Now ask Billy to fuck you in the ass.”

“Please Billy” cried Brandon. “Please fuck my ass.”

Billy looked at Shannon. She nodded her head and Billy’s cock pushed against the ring of muscle and invaded Brandon’s hole. Brandon whimpered again as Billy began to pump in and out.

‘That’ll keep them busy for awhile.” Shannon smiled at Julia. Julia felt giddy with anticipation.

Shannon‘s hand reached out and grabbed the back of Julia’s head. She pulled Julia toward her and their lips touched. Soon it became a long deep French kiss. Shannon began stroking Julia’s breasts and kissing the nape of her neck. Julia closed her eyes as Shannon pushed her onto the bed. She then rolled her onto her stomach.

Julia suddenly felt the handcuffs being locked on her wrists.

“What the hell?” she started to say but soon a large ball gag was in her mouth.

Shannon held Julia down on the bed. Taking a leather strap she tied Julia’s legs together and then tied them to the handcuffs.

“You may have been right about some things Julia, but never presume that you know everything about me.” Shannon said as she dressed.

Julia screamed into the gag as Shannon took two vibrators and inserted them into Julia’s ass and pussy.

As Julia began to succumb to the twin intruders, Shannon looked at Billy.

“Billy” said Shannon as she was about to close the door behind her, “Your Mistress says that when you are finished with Brandon you may release her.”

“Yes… Lady… Onyx.” Billy grunted as he continued to pump in and out of Brandon’s rear.

Shannon walked towards the elevator. As she waited she saw Jody at the end of the corridor. Without saying a word she walked slowly past her, making sure her hips moved slowly back and forth seductively. Shannon heard Jody give a “Gasp” as she stepped into the elevator.

Shannon soon went to Julia’s room, showered and changed back into her regular clothes. After leaving the room she walked down the hallway. She came across a domme guiding a handcuffed and gagged woman into one of the rooms. “Lucky girl”, Shannon thought. As she looked at the cuffed woman she saw a lower back tattoo with the word ‘Slave’ written in purple script.

Then suddenly she realized why Jody gasped!

Years ago on a college spring break, Shannon got a lower back tattoo. Nothing elaborate, just a small hummingbird. But she realized that while no one at the convention knew about it, Jody did. She had seen it when they worked out in the fitness center and said how pretty it was.

Jody knew that she was Lady Onyx. Worse was that Jody now knew who it was that flirted with her!

\* \* \* \* \*

The next morning Shannon was scared to go to work. How could she face Jody? Would she tell everyone? What was worse was that with all her talk about being professional and that she wasn’t interested in BDSM, she was in Jody’s eyes a hypocrite and a liar!

The morning hours passed. Eight. Nine. Ten O’clock. Still no Jody. She called Jody’s home and could only get her voicemail. She rang Jody’s cell and got the same thing.

What did I do to her? Shannon thought to herself? Did she run away? Did she do something worse? Did she believe she was a lesbian trying to hit on her? Shannon decided to go to Jody’s home to make sure that she was alright. Well maybe not alright but at least safe.

Shannon arrived at Jody’s house and looked in the windows. She could see nothing. No signs that anyone was there. One time Jody had said that the key was underneath a loose board on the porch. Sure enough there it was. Shannon unlocked the door and entered the house.

It was quiet except for the grandfather clock in the living room. She went upstairs and found nothing. She checked the bedrooms, bathroom and then went back down to the first floor. Shannon entered the kitchen and like all the other rooms it was empty. Then she heard something. Something like an electric motor. It was coming from the basement. Was it the washer or dryer? Shannon opened the door and went down the stairs.

The sound was much louder now and Shannon moved towards it.

In the corner of the basement was a person bound to some bizarre chair. It was more like a horse’s saddle mounted to what reminded Shannon of a Chiropractic or massage chair. Secured to the chair was a woman and Shannon knew that it was Jody. Her head was secured in a thick leather hood which was secured to the headrest of the chair with a harness. The harness was padlocked shut. A key dangled from Jody’s wrist. But her ankles and wrists were locked into metal stocks and her thighs, waist and torso were strapped to the chair as well.

She was moaning. It was obvious to Shannon that Jody was gagged, but the source of the motor sounds was now very obvious.

In the saddle were two mechanical dildos which were both pumping merrily away. Shannon could see that Jody was having repeated orgasms as the twin dildos kept stimulating her without relief.

She touched Jody on the shoulder and Jody knew that there was someone else in the basement!

“Jody, it’s me, Shannon.”

Jody tried to cry out but she was too well gagged to make words. All she could do was to grunt.

“Jody, the key on your wrist. Does it free your wrists?

Jody grunted twice which Shannon took for ‘No’

“Is it for the hood?” Jody made a long grunt.

Shannon removed the key and unlocked the harness. She undid all the straps and unlaced the leather hood. She pulled off the hood and slowly removed a very large penis gag from Jody’s mouth.

“Oh God, I didn’t want you to see me like this.” Jody began to cry.

“We’ll talk about this later. How do I free your wrists and ankles?”

“Go over to the switch box next to the circuit breakers. Open the box and flip the switch to off. That’ll turn the power off to the electromagnets.”

Shannon did was she was asked and once the switch was flipped, the stocks opened up. Jody began to unstrap herself from the chair. Shannon helped and soon Jody was unbound. Carefully Jody raised herself up off the saddle. The dildos made a slurping sound as she pulled herself off of them.

“Just what in the hell were you trying to do? “ Shannon demanded.

“The chair was plugged into a timer which would free me after two hours. But it was defective and it wouldn’t shut off the current.” Jody replied. “The box on the wall is a secondary timer which was supposed to shut off at the same time. It’s my backup system but I screwed up. I was in such a hurry to strap myself in that I set the box timer for Four PM and not Four AM. I’ve been like this since two this morning when my first timer fried.”

“But why Jody? What are you doing with...”

“With this bondage stuff? I’ve been into it for a while. I couldn’t find anyone to join me so I starting practicing self bondage. When my mom passed away I had the saddle built and I’ve never had a problem until last night when I found out about you.”

“Look, I’m so sorry.”

“There’s nothing to be sorry about. We all have our secrets and you’re entitled to yours. I mean I never told you about my fantasies about you.”

Shannon shook her head. “Jody, I’m not a lesbian I don’t think of myself that way about you.”

“When I saw you as Lady Onyx I couldn’t help thinking about you. Me in the chair, you watching me squirm in pleasure. Wishing…” Jody then kneeled at Shannon’s feet.

Shannon didn’t know what to say. She stood there as Jody, her tears dripping down her face looked up at her. It was a look of utter subservience.

She stroked Jody’s head and wiped the tears from her eyes.

How could she resist such an offer?

\* \* \* \* \*

The last few guests were checking out of The Elms. Shannon finally breathed a sigh of relief. It was far more eventful than she had imagined. It was both a nightmare and a beautiful dream. A nightmare from all the headaches and risks to her career and a dream because she had revealed a part of herself she never truly acknowledged.

“I believe we need to discuss something.” came the voice of Mistress Penelope. Julia was standing next to her. She was a little more subdued than usual.

Shannon invited them in to her office.

“Last night’s events were a bit surprising and disappointing. “ Mistress Penelope said. A stern look on her face.

“Well I don’t know what I can say Mistress..”

“Call me Penny.”

“I probably went too far with Brandon and...”

“Oh I’m not disappointed at all at what went on between you two.”

Shannon was puzzled. “Then why...”

“I’m not happy that Julia had introduced an inexperienced domme to Brandon for his first time. I would have much preferred someone with a few years under her belt. Brandon is still very new to the scene and I wanted to make sure that he didn’t end up in the hands of someone who would viciously abuse him. After all this is about his safety. I’m not upset about his being used by Julia’s sub. I did warn him that it was a distinct possibility.”

Shannon was strangely relieved, “I really don’t know what to say. It was an experience I’ll never forget and I would like to thank you for letting me use your property.”

“He’s not my property.”

“OK , I meant your slave or sub.”

“He’s not either of those.”

“Well, I don’t know the particular term..”

“Brandon is my son.”

Shannon sat at her desk completely dumbfounded. The room was utterly silent for several seconds.

“Aaawkwarrd.” Julia piped up.

Both Shannon and Mistress Penelope looked at Julia.

“Julia you manipulative bitch!” said Mistress Penelope. “Why didn’t you tell her?”

“I thought that telling her that you were his mommy might have dampened the mood somewhat.” Julia replied.

Mistress Penelope was quite red in the face. “Now she thinks that I’m… that Brandon… No… NO! It’s not that way at all. Crap!”

She turned towards Shannon. “Brandon was brought up just like any other child.”

“Having a mother who is a professional dominatrix.” Julia said.

“Shut up Julia!” said Shannon.

Mistress Penelope continued. “I’ve done my best to keep him away from my business. However, when he was eighteen I discovered some BDSM magazines in his room. It turned out he had been curious about this on his own. Of course I still went with him to family counseling sessions just to make sure that… that. I don’t have to describe it do I?”

“I don’t want to go there Penny. I’m just now having second thoughts about why he wanted me of all people.”

“That’s why I kept you in the dark about it Shannon. “ , said Julia. “Put the blame on me for letting things get this complicated, but I just felt that it was better all around that we’d see how things went between you two.”

“You see Shannon, Brandon is at that point where he wants to get more involved with the BDSM community, but I can’t be at his side all the time to guide him.” Mistress Penelope said. “He’s ready for a regular domme to take charge of him. He is quite submissive to women in positions of authority. Usually older women have that authority.”

Shannon shook her head. “No, I can’t possibly do that. You said yourself that you wanted someone with more experience.”

“From what Julia has told me, you are a fast learner.” Mistress Penelope replied. “With some practice and study you have potential to become a first-class dominatrix.”

“I have a job. A career. I don’t have time or the place to keep someone like Brandon.”

“Oh I don’t expect you to do this full time. Only on select weekends and the occasional school holiday. You see Brandon is going to graduate school, just a couple of hours’ drive from here. This will be something mutually agreed upon as to when he can visit you, or you visit him. I’m not asking you to chain him up in your attic or anything like that.”

“This is going way too fast. I’m going to have to think about it.” Shannon replied. She wanted to say ‘no’ right away but something stopped her.

“That’s OK.” Said Mistress Penelope. “It’s a lot to consider, but please take your time. Don’t think you have to give me an answer right away. However…” She then took an envelope and handed it to Shannon.

“This is the key to Brandon’s chastity device. If you decide not to accept him as your sub you may mail back the key to me. “

Shannon took the envelope. She thought about refusing it, but again she thanked Mistress Penelope and escorted her to the front desk so she could check out. She turned and saw Julia standing behind her.

“I had it coming to me the other night.” said Julia. “I just wanted to say I’m sorry for pushing you into this too soon. I really shouldn’t have made those assumptions about you.”

“That’s not necessary. “ replied Shannon.

Jody appeared at the office door. “The workmen are here to start the teardown Shannon.”

“OK, I’m just finishing up with Julia.” said Shannon.

Julia looked at Shannon and then at Jody. She saw the look in both their eyes. She was going to say something but this time she was going to keep her mouth shut.

“I think we’re through.” Said Julia and offered Shannon her hand. “It was a pleasure.”

“It was different. “ replied Shannon.

As Julia walked out the door Shannon felt that they would be crossing paths fairly soon.

Walking past the front desk Shannon spotted a large box with her name on it.

“What’s this? She asked.

“Billy dropped it off before you had your meeting with Julia.”

Shannon took the box into her office. Jody followed.

“Close the door.” Shannon whispered. Jody did so and watched as Shannon nervously opened the box. Inside was the rubber suit and boots she wore as Lady Onyx. A card was also inside.

“Dear Lady Onyx,

It has been a difficult time for you. I had placed you in a situation which would’ve taxed anyone but you handled it well and impressed everyone on the convention committee. As a token of our appreciation please accept this gift of the outfit you so beautifully wore. In addition I have set up access for you at Bindem, Goode and Tyte’s exclusive member website. Please feel free to take advantage of all our resources and extensive member library.

If you ever need someone to help your way through the BDSM world, please call me at anytime.

Love, Julia”

Jody’s hands caressed the rubber suit. “Oh Shannon, it’s so soft and sensual.”

Shannon smiled at Jody. Picking up the crop from the box she bent it slightly in her hands.

“And if you don’t get back to work you’ll feel just how sensual THIS is.”

Jody returned the smile. “Yes Shannon.” She said.

“That’s Lady Onyx to you.”

**One Year Later…**

The convention was a huge success financially, and the owners put off selling The Elms. But ironically the success Shannon had with bringing the resort to profitability had attracted the attention of potential buyers. The owners eventually accepted a very handsome offer from a large hotel chain and both Shannon and Jody eventually lost their jobs.

However a group of investors, including one Julia Simmons had opened up a small mountain resort and Shannon was asked to run it. The resort was designed for a very special clientele. There were specialized dungeons, a staff of experienced dominants and submissives, and the manager’s special favorite, a stable for ponyboys and ponygirls.

For a reasonable fee, Lady Onyx and her slaves Jody and Brandon will be more than happy to accommodate your particular interests.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=444.0)
