---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The House John Built
authors:
- SkinOwner
tags:
- M-f+
- D-s
- rom
- fantasy
- bond
- bdsm
- spank
- maid
- abuse
- contract
- discovery
- bodymod
- enslave
- cons
- X
date: 2018-10-09 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 1 – The Present – Part 1**

She had arrived on time for once. He had told her tonight was special and to make herself beautiful. Well, he had told her how to make herself beautiful for him. He had told her which shoes, which dress, which underwear and how the hair and make up should be. It was what he liked her to be for him, a sophisticated slut. A prize to show off. She loved being that for him.

It was a modest house. Nothing big or imposing. A normal house of a normal man. She parked in the driveway behind his car and walked to the main door. She rang the bell and waited. Mavis opened the door and smiled. “Welcome madam”, and waved her in. “Please take a seat. Sir will be with you shortly. Would you like a drink?”

“My usual please Mavis.”

“Certainly.”

And with that she sat on the sofa, posing herself. Mavis walked in with a gin tonic on a silver tray, handed it to her and left. She looked at Mavis walking away in her maid’s uniform. It was a normal uniform, one a working maid would wear, but the way it fit Mavis was different. She often teased him about her, how he kept her not for her services but for her ass, that she did not believe he was not fucking her. He always denied it and said that Mavis was just his maid.

Mavis was a few years older than her – five or six years. He had told her that he had found her through a cleaning agency. One day he had called for a day maid and they sent her. He liked her work and offered her a full-time job which she accepted. She was baffled for she could not understand why he needed a full-time maid in his house. It was not a big house and even with all the chores required to attend to a single man she surely was not required there every day, all the time. But he was doing ok for himself. He had a good job after all and liked the good things in life though he did keep to himself with not so many close friends around. This she also found strange at first, until she started learning about his more private side.

**Chapter 2 – The Disclosure**

After a few dates he had invited her to stay over for a three-day weekend. He had said he liked her and that he wanted to show her something. On the Friday she had taken a small suitcase with her stuff for the stay and after work drove to his place. He had worked from home that day and made it a point to be finished by the time she arrived. He opened the door and greeted her like an eager man would his woman on a first long stay together. He was happy to see her. He invited her in and called Mavis to take her luggage to the bedroom while they stayed in the lounge chatting. Mavis came after some 45 minutes to tell them dinner was ready. They sat at the table and were served. She, not yet used to having a maid attend to her, thanked Mavis each time she served her, or took away a plate, or filled her glass. She even complimented her on her cooking. Mavis always bowed her head and softly uttered a thank you. Other than those few interactions no one would know she was around the house.

On the morning of the second day they went out for a walk in a park nearby. John held her hand like a young lover and told her he was really happy with her and how things were going. He went on to explain what he liked about her. He bought her roses for a street vendor and then they stopped at a café overlooking a pond. She was happy, in the seventh heaven. He was her Man. She did not like him. She loved him and told him so. He squeezed her hand. When they returned back home they went straight to the bedroom. She kissed and touched him. Soft. He kissed her back. He picked a bunch of hair in his hand, pulled her head back and kissed and bit her ears and neck. With his other hand he pinched and twisted a nipple. He let her hair go and put his hand between her legs. Wet. He pushed her on the bed and climbed on top of her and grabbed her neck. He squeezed, controlling her breath and looked in her eyes. “There is something I want to tell you, something only a few people know.” All of a sudden she got nervous and excited. He squeezed some more and kissed her. “This. This thing we do. This is just child’s play to me. I like more and I want to do it to you”. He squeezed some more. He kissed her again. He let go and climbed off her and off the bed. He pulled her up by the hand and started walking out of the door. She was lost. She still did not know what was happened. She pulled back, resisting. Also, she had never been out naked around the house. Where was Mavis? He pulled her and asked her to follow him.

They went down the cellar. Luckily Mavis was at the back of the house doing laundry and preparing lunch. She had been to the cellar once when he had shown her his wine collection. She had not thought of it any more. It was a small cellar. He opened a door next to one of the wine racks. In her one visit she had not noticed it, or maybe had but there was no recollection. The cellar was not important. He switched on a light and she just stood there. There was a huge room. Now that she thought about it, the cellar was a large as the house above. The room was filled with chains and racks and hanging whips and canes and latex. He pulled her close to him. “Now you know me. That we do in the bedroom, the control. I like more, and I like a receptive woman”. He hugged her. She was still in shock though it was waning. “What do you want of me?”, she asked. “Let’s go upstairs”. He switched off. Closed the door and held her hand up the stairs. He called Mavis. She became more aware of her nakedness. “Please. I am naked” as she tried to cover herself. He took her hand and they walked to the bedroom. Mavis walked in as he was just covering her.

“Sir?”

“Bring us tea.”

“Certainly Sir.” And she walked away.

She started crying but pulled him in. He hugged her. “What does it mean?” she asked.

“You are aware I have been single for a while, and there is a reason to that. I do not function well in a vanilla world.”

“Vanilla?”

“Normal relationships do not work for me. My kinky side is more than bedroom kinky. It is life kinky. I want an unequal relationship. I want a woman who will submit to me. But I do not just want any woman. I want a woman I love and I want her to want to submit.”

All she heard were “unequal” and submit”. She had read some BDSM stories but also news of women who had been kidnapped or trapped and abused. “So you want to keep me locked in that room, tied me down and whip me?” There were tears forming. She had come to love this man. She did have fantasies of pirates and kidnappers and of being forced to do stuff against her will. Bet they were just fantasies. Nothing more. She had never acted on them. Well! Being honest to herself she realised that at times, when he was holding her down, spanking her ass and talking dirty to her – that is where her mind went. In their soft play she always thought of herself as a victim. And not just with him. Even with other men she had been with. But he was the one who pushed the most, who did to her closer to what her fantasies were. But she never told him, or anyone, about it. It was all in her head, close to that control centre that picked up the inputs form all her senses, reworked them into her stories and made her wet and hungry and needy.

“Yes. And much more. I want to make you into the woman I want you to be. I want to remake you…..”.

She interrupted “How?”

“Let’s get dressed”. They did and went to the lounge. He explained to her that he wanted a bimbo slave wife who he would control in each and every way. Her appearance, her demeanour, her tastes. He told her that if she accepted he would do things to her she had never dreamed anyone would do. That he would not take a No for answer. What he would say, would be. But he did not want to do it to her. He wanted her to want it.

By now she was a bit more collected. Quite a bit more. “Ok! I like the kinky stuff we do and admit I always thought we could do a bit more but had no idea what. But this. This is….. This is too far. I like my life. I don’t know!” And she burst out crying as she moved away from him.

She continued, more thinking out loud than talking to him. “No! I will not. I like my life. I like being independent. You want to make me into a freak, a mindless fuck thing for your sick mind. You want me to be a warm blow up doll. No! NO! I need to leave”. And with that she started to walk away.

He looked at her, a bit saddened, and said “I understand”. Then called Mavis and asked her to bring her the suitcase. She was still crying. “You’re a fuckin asshole. You tricked me into falling for you thinking I would be ok with this shit. You’re sick. You need to go see a shrink.”
Walking out of the door she shouted at him “Don’t even think of contacting me. You creep!”.

**Chapter 3 - Realization**

She got in her car and drove off but soon she turned the corner she could not hold it anymore. She pulled to the side and burst out crying. She felt cheated. Violated. Tricked. She calmed down and drove off. Getting home she went straight to bed and fell asleep. The sleep was disturbed. She kept thinking of all the good times they had, of the beautiful evenings which always ended up in bed. And the more she thought, the more she realised that he had pushed slowly. He had not slapped her at first. He did not call her a wet cunt. It all happened slowly. And slowly she had accepted it without realising. Not only accepted it but wanted and enjoyed it. The next day was still a holiday but she had no energy. She just slept and thought. The next day she skipped work, calling in sick. But instead of staying in bed she decided she needed to go out. She showered and dressed and went down to the shopping district.

Looking at shop windows she remembered how he would point dresses to her and tell her how good she would look in them. They were not her style but she liked it that he took that interest. He would also point at shoes. Watching movies he would comment when a certain type of female character appeared. He would comment on the character’s dress and demeanour. And her mind whirled and churned memory after thought after memory. Stopping for lunch she remembered how he would always pull the chair for her and then tell her to sit. She had never given that any more notice to it being a gentlemanly act. Was it? He would also sometimes order for her. Sometimes it was things she had never had which he would order for her to try out and when she resisted he would talk her into still trying it, in the end realising it was something she liked. She went home.

She thought of Mavis. He never said please or thank you to her. He always just told her what to do. Was Mavis a slave? She hated him. She loved him. She hated him. She decided she had to move on. That next Saturday she went out with friends to someone’s birthday do at a bar. She was ok going out but once they arrived at the venue she went quiet and withdrew to herself. She looked at a man grabbing a handful of his girl’s hair, look in her eyes and then smiling went in for a kiss. He had done that to her. Wanting to free herself from that memory and the voyeuristic instance she moved around the bar and saw two girls kissing. What if she tried that. She had thought about it, specifically with Jenny, but never acted on it. Then she remembered thinking maybe she could propose it to him – to have a threesome and give him a lesbian show. But she had kept back, fearing she might scare him off. “Yeah right!” she thought and softly smiled to herself. That was the first time she had smiled to herself since that last time with him.

On Sunday her friends were going to a park for a soccer game, then lunch and afternoon cocktails. She had agreed to go but on the morning she called her friend who was supposed to pick her up and said she had to go to her mum’s. She stayed in bed. Thinking. She replayed it all in her head. Their meeting. Their first date. Their sex. Her fantasies. The room. And she felt a tinge when she thought about the room. Her mind started telling her a story with her being bound in that room, left in the dark with a tight leather hood on her head. Maybe locked in one of the cages. She started stroking her nipples and then moved down between her legs. She reached into the drawer next to her bed and pulled out a vibrator. Her mind continued the movie and she played with her vibrator and started pinching her nipples. In the movie he was pinching her nipples. She saw him walk off and get some keys. He took her out of the cage and tied her over it. He placed weighted clamps on her nipples. He fingered her clit and then put a clamp there too. Then he was gone. Then she felt him kiss her through the hood. Then she felt the cane. And she felt it again. And same came. Hard. She just laid there for an hour. Maybe, she thought. Just maybe. And she picked her phone and sent him a text. “Hello. May we meet. Please. I have some questions.”

“Hello. Yes. I’ll pick you up at four. We’ll go to a quiet café.” She smiled. And then she realised another thing she liked about him. It was there in his reply. It was not a “Yes beautiful. I missed you so much. Thanks for getting back in touch. What time do you want to meet and where?” It was on his terms, his time, his chosen place. She thought “I think I am ok”.

**Chapter 4 - Recovery**

She started to panic. He would pick her up in two hours but she still did not know what to wear. Something he liked? Or something her? Who did she want to be? His? Or herself? She decided to be herself.

At four the doorbell rang. She nearly ran to the door and had to slow herself. She was overcome with emotion. Love and disdain (for him). Doubt and certainty. She was so sure that morning. For a moment she thought of telling him she changed her mind but on opening the door and seeing him she got that teen giggle and had to restrain herself from hugging him. “Hello”

“How are you?”

“Ok. Yourself?”

“I’m good. Am glad you called and will answer any query you have honestly.”

“You lied to me enough already”, she said.

“Come. Let’s go somewhere quiet.”

He opened and held the car door open for her. “Put on your seatbelt”.

Was that an order or a reminder? Grrrrrr!!!!! So frustrating.

He told her they would be going to a cafe out of town. It was a place they had been to before and which she quite liked. The talk through the drive was not as smooth as one would expect. Her emotions were on a rollercoaster but she kept bringing up the fact that she had asked to meet. She was aware she could ask him to turn at any point but also knew that she really did have questions she needed answered.

At the cafe’ they were seated in a secluded corner. He ordered coffee for both and said “So. What question do you have for me?”

“Why did you not show me the room earlier?”

“I was not sure how much you would enjoy rough play let alone something like that. Once I saw you were interested and comfortable I thought it time to do.”

“Who is Mavis?”

“Mavis is my maid. I already told you I hired her from a maid service and kept her on. Reason I did is I found her to be trustworthy of my secret. One day she walked into the bedroom and there were a few toys left out by mistake. She cleaned them and just left them on the bed. No fuss. No questions. The next time she was over I left some out, on purpose this time, and kept track of where she was around the house. A minute or so after she walked into the bedroom I walked in behind her and questioned her on her lack of reaction. She said it was none of her business, that she was there to clean. I then asked her if she would be interested in becoming my full-time maid. I asked her how much she earned, which was not much, and nearly doubled it. But I made some conditions - that she would have to be there 24/7, must sign a confidentiality agreement, and that she would have a free weekend every month and a free week every six. She agreed, and the rest is history.”

“And you never had sex.”

“Never. I am not interested in my maid. She has seen me with enough women to know that to be a fact. But I will say she is quite ok”.

“What will you do with me?”

“With you I would do a lot. Change your hair, clothing….”

“Yes I am aware of your clothing standards.” she interrupted with a half angry, irritated face but a smiling heart.

“…food, fitness, control your orgasms, enlarge your tits, piercings… Everything. You will become totally dependent on me. You will be tortured, punished and shared. Eventually you will leave your job too. But as I said, I do not want to force this on you. I am not a criminal. In my ideal, my partner, my wife, would be a willing participant. You will be left wanting for nothing. I will care for you. You would be my loved wife. But you will be something rare - a perfect wife.”

“Will we still talk and cuddle?”

“Yes and no but what I am looking for is a wife so …… it will depend. I know it is not a modern story I seek. More like a 50’s style with added benefits”.

She was calm. Really calm. She had expected she would get different feelings and emotions when he would be giving his response but somehow there was an inner peace. They continued talking for more than two hours at the end of which she was satisfied with the answers she gave. “I need some more time. Please.”

“Sure.”

Luckily they were nearly at her place and those last few minutes of the evening were an awkward silence. He stopped the car and before he could speak she said “I’ll call you” and put out her hand to shake. No kiss. He smiled.

Soon she closed the door to the apartment she made a little happy dance, for she was. She loved him even more but decided to let him wait a few days. Monday and Tuesday she texted him a couple of times asking silly questions to which she already knew the answer, and some were more to tease him than real questions. “Would I be wearing high-heels or flats? Will my legs look sexy in high heels?” He indulged her but unsure as he was had planned a date with another woman for the next Friday. On Wednesday she called him from outside her office just before starting work and told him she missed him and wanted to see him. They agreed to meet the next day - Thursday.

They met at a restaurant in town and had a long talk. She started by saying she loved him and had never really felt anything less even when she was away but still had some concerns. She told him of her fantasies and of how her mind generated a story with her hooded and caged, and how much she enjoyed it. She told him she was willing to try but did not want to rush and most importantly that she did not want to move in with him. She would need some time and space to process anything they would do – that he would do to and with her. He explained that he had no intention of rushing things, just that he wanted it clear what was happening, that in this, their, relationship the roles would be well defined. As they were walking out of the restaurant she went for his hand and whispered in his ears “lead me”. He made a mental note to cancel Friday’s date.

Over the next few weeks they met on a regular basis. She kept to her promise to be open to anything he wanted and found that she did enjoy it even when it involved her degradation. There were also instances when she was severely punished for refusing to obey immediately. The worst one was however when he left her bound standing and Mavis would come in every few hours to give her water and even put a nappy on her. She cried hard and heavy on that one. Sometimes she would need a longer time to process what happened, but even then they kept in touch. He kept himself available to talk to her and answer any questions she may have.

Over time the pattern started shifting slowly and she would spend less time at her place and more with him. She had gotten fully accustomed to Mavis and was surely not shy of being naked in front of her nor any longer concerned if they made noise during sex. Mavis was the trusted maid.

Six months after the restaurant meeting he called her at work and told her he could not see her that evening because some business had cropped up out of town. The next morning just as she was waking up he called her and told her to be at his place at seven and that she should be nicely dressed for it was an important date. She got flutters.

**Chapter 5 – The Present – Part 2**

Soon he entered the lounge she saw her sitting on the sofa. “You look stunning. Get up and let’s have a good look at you.” He said that in his usual tone, part loving partner appreciating her, part owner objectifying her. She smiled, loving both facets of it and started a twirl for him to see her well. She was also excited at what the plans were but knew than to ask and was wondering if it was a charity dinner that was being held that night. She had started to enjoy those social occasions more, again for the way he treated her in public – part partner, part as an object to be shown off. She loved the attention, and loved him. Half way through that thought Mavis walked in and announced dinner was ready. Mavis’s uniform was different. This was more elegant and she wore gloves too. She looked at him a bit confused as he got her hand and led her to the dining room. He smiled at her while lifting an index finger to his lips indicating for her to keep silent. Walking into the dining room she saw that it had been set up much nicer than for a usual dinner. He seated her than sat across. The food was served with more pomp than usual, as was the rest of the service. After they had finished the main course and were sipping wine, he rose from his chair and approached hers. He went on one knee and pulled out a small case which he opened for her. She smiled and then started crying. He told her how much he felt fulfilled in his life since he had been with her, how he admired her good heart and charity work, and how glad was that they could work together. Then he popped the question to which she said yes. They hugged and kissed and she said a thousand time “I love you”. Then he said that before they could get married there was some business to attend to.

He brought out some papers and read them to her. It was a contract describing her role as his slave wife. They had talked about this many times so she was not surprised. Still, being here made it real. She got wet. When she signed he locked a leather collar on her. As he did he told her that on their wedding day he would lock her in one that would be welded shut. She said “Thank you Sir. I look forward to it and will honour it”. She got wetter.

“Now there is the very very last order of business. You know I always kept my word to you, as I do with anyone.” She nodded an acknowledgment. “There is a promise I made to someone, to keep something secret until such time when I will have another wife”. At this she froze but he continued. “Please let me finish. This is the last piece of the puzzle and as I said, I was bound by a promise”. He produced another set of documents which he put on the table. “Krista these are the divorce papers. As we had agreed you leave this marriage with nothing to your name.” She was looking around waiting for another woman to walk in but he held a pen out to Mavis who stepped forward. She looked in awe. He said “I will give you some time to talk soon” and produced another document. “This is to change your name to Mavis”. Krista signed both documents. He produced another one. “This is your work contract which states that you will be paid minimum wage from which your taxes will deducted as well as lodging, food and various maintenance expenses required to keep you on. In the end you will have no money left out of each paycheque. You will be penniless. You are expected to be work 24/7, may not leave the house unless ordered, and must always obey all orders given. Furthermore you shall also be sexually nullified. Your clit and nipples will be removed, your vagina sealed. This is all as had been agreed. Sign.” And he pointed to a dotted line. She signed as she cried then kissed him passionately and said “A last one. I love you so much and will work hard for you two to be happy.” He wiped away her tears saying “A promise made is a promise kept. Now I’ll leave you two to talk.” He turned to his fiancé, still silent in awe, kissed her and left the room.

**Chapter 6 – Mavis, Krista**

Mavis pulled a chair next to her’s and held her hand. “We have been together for 14 years. I was always submissive but did not know it had a name. In time we started learning more together and I discovered I need to go deeper and in the end to be put to service and nullified. I want to become that which I am to be. I asked for it. We had spoken about it at length and once he was convinced it was what I really wanted we started to think how to work it out. The plan was for ten years and if it did not work we would resume our ‘normal’ relationship. I resigned from my job and took on some short contract which I could work on from home. That removed me from the public eye. I would also take the role you know me as though at the start it was not so organised. He in turn would date and live the life of a single man. I knew each girl he brought in and similarly served as their maid. We would discuss her suitability for his needs. You, my pretty one, struck a chord quite fast. When you started dating he quickly became smitten by you and would not stop talking about you. That made me very happy. Then I met you and I wholeheartedly agreed. Sometimes, after he came back home from a date with you we would have long discussions about you, and I’ll tell you, great sex too. Him telling me how he was slowly discovering you really fuelled us.”

She looked at Mavis, the maid she knew and had started to accept and treat as a maid, but instead she was listening to Krista.

“The day he showed you the dungeon, we had discussed it and were not anticipating your shock. We were concerned about you, that we had hurt you hard and without your knowing kept an eye to be sure all was going ok for you. When you contacted him it was a happy day and during your meet at the café he was texting me all the time. I was really happy you two worked it out. That was all YOU. You made him very happy. He really loves you.”

She stopped her. “But…Why? How? What?”

Krista continued. “Because it works for us all – us three. I grew to wanting to be nothing, to have nothing. I want to be nullified. I shall not experience sex any more. I will be just an object used as a maid mostly. As he shall explain, I also have a wish to be modified and abused more. That will be up to you two to decide. I shall have no input. I trust you. In your role as bimbo wife you too will defer to him, and that we know is something you have come to want. He will decide how you look and what you will be. Me and you are the same soul on a different scale.”
“My last words to you are to love him, for he is deserving and knows how to love back. I wish you luck and beg you to accept being my superior. It will make me happy. Indeed it does make me happy that it is you. I love you too”.

A few moments of silence and then she hugged Krista. “Thank you. I do not know what else to say. Thank you for your honesty. Thank you for rooting for me”. They spent quite a long while in the hug as they continued talking. Krista kept calming her down and explaining that it was ok, that it is something she wanted. In the end she was ok. And once again, she was truly ok. She had come to accept the unexpected and the freaky kinky from him. And now she was indeed part of it.

**Chapter 7 – The New Family**

He walked back into the dining room and walked to the two women. He patted them softly on the back and with a soft smile asked “Talk done?”. Both women acknowledged. “Any questions?”

She was quiet for a second but then said “Is there anything else I should know? Anything?”
Krista jumped in “Nothing my sweetest. This is it.”

He picked up on that. “Nothing. This is who we were, and this is who we shall be. You will learn to treat her for what she wants to be. After a while you will get used to it and will forget about it. It will become second nature”. As if to prove what he had just said, he slapped Mavis hard across the face, pulled her up from the chair by her hair, pulled her down to the floor and kicked her hard while shouting “You lazy cunt! Don’t you ever dare to sit on a chair again or to make my wife cry.” He kicked her again. She crawled to him, held on to his leg and started kissing his shoes which she had polished earlier.

“Forgive me Sir”.

“Go do something useful”. With that he turned to her. “Like that. Let’s go to the lounge for a night cap and then we go celebrate our future.”

They were married a few weeks later. The ceremony was attended by close friends and family of the happy couple. Only few knew the secret. While they were on their six week honeymoon cruise Mavis was at a special hospital run by one of his friends. She thought she was going in to get nullified but he had other plans for her. He wants her to suffer more. Her breasts were indeed going to be removed, leaving a flat chest. Her hair, to the last follicle on her body, was going to be lasered away. Her tongue was going to be split and heavily pierced. Her ears were going to be reduced to allow for smoother latex over her head. Her clitoris was however to be left there. Subdermal implants were inserted which could be activated remotely to give either extreme pleasure or extreme pain. She had no more control over herself.
