---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kidnapped
authors:
- Cliff
tags:
- n/a
---

Part One

Kathryn spied her quarry sitting on a park bench a quarter of a mile
from the mall where I, Amy, his chauffer had dropped him off.  He
was just like I had described him, even down to what he was wearing in
his commoner clothes.  He was quite good looking, and she relished
the thought of the sex with him that was awaiting her.  But she also
relished the blow we were going to enjoy against the aristocracy, which
he was a part of.  We had set him up perfectly.  He suspected
nothing.

His wife refused to tie him up, gag him and have sex with him, which
he would have enjoyed immensely.  He told me this one-day, and then
I got this idea.  Since he liked it so much, why not put it to use? 
I wasn't earning much on my meagre salary as a chauffer.  Cliff's
wife was loaded.  Why not kidnap him under the guise of the fulfilment
of his fantasy.  I'd been a good friend of Kathryn's, and she fitted
the bill of what he wanted precisely.  Several inches taller than
Cliff's 5'8" frame, she'd also been a female body builder.  She was
a perfect match of the Amazon type woman he craved to act out his fantasy.
In our matriarchal, aristocratic society where women were as tall as men,
it was not unusual for women to be several inches taller than their male
counterparts. I was pretty sure she could overpower him easily by her physical
strength alone.  But that would not be necessary, since he wanted
to be bound and gagged, and thus would willingly allow her to do just that.

It was perfect.  He'd been dropped off at the mall under the guise
of wanting to do some shopping at a cheaper area of town.  I was to
pick him up at an appointed time, but he wouldn't be there, having been
kidnapped by Kathryn.  My alibi was complete, I only had done what
I had been told, and even had dropped him off on the outskirts of the mall,
lest either of us be seen.  I instructed him to dress in commoner's
clothes to prevent drawing attention to himself.  The mall also was
in another section across town, where aristocrats normally were not found. 
Living in the upscale part of the city, he normally didn't go to this area,
so he was very unlikely to be recognized.

Pulling to a stop next to the park bench, the rendezvous was complete. 
Kathryn leaned over to the passenger side, and rolled down the window. 
"Hi, you must be Cliff", she said.  When he nodded affirmatively,
she invited, "Climb in".  Since the back door on the passenger side
was unlocked, he opened the door and slid inside.

Once inside, Kathryn leaned forward over the console of the car, letting
him have a good view of the cleavage between her full breasts underneath
her low-cut blouse.  Since she was not wearing a bra, he must have
gotten an eyeful.  Looking him full in the eye, she stated, "Cliff,
I want to make something clear.  I don't know you from Adam. 
I only note you are wearing commoner's clothes, so I assume you are a commoner. 
Amy said this was her day off and she drove you over in her car. 
Am I right so far?"  He nodded yes.  "I only agreed to this since
Amy said you were willing to pay 100 dollars for it.  But I'm only
going to do it on one condition; that is both of us are to remain totally
anonymous.  Is that clear?"  He didn't answer, gazing straight
at her cleavage, no doubt lost in thought of the pleasure awaiting him. 
"We're going to remain totally anonymous, is that clear?” she repeated,
louder this time.  "What?” he said.  "Oh, remain anonymous. 
Yeah, Yeah, we can remain anonymous", he mumbled.

He was obviously going to be a good sub, doing whatever she asked. 
With that, she exited the car and opened the back door and sat next to
him.  "Turn away from me, Cliff", she ordered.  He looked the
opposite direction, whereupon she untied the scarf tied in back of her
neck.  She fastened it over his eyes.  "What are you doing",
he asked.  "Cliff, in order for us to stay truly anonymous, you can't
see where I live, right?”  "I guess so", he replied.  Now blindfolded,
she moved him to where he faced forward, and buckled him in tightly with
the shoulder strap and lap belt.
The darkly tinted windows in her car would effectively hide his blindfolded
head from prying eyes on this bright sunshiny day, and she knew that there
would be slim chance of people in the cars ahead of her seeing him in their
rear-view mirror, since he'd be hidden behind the high headrests of her
car's front seats.

Having blindfolded him and secured him with the seatbelts, she then
pulled out a rope, seized his wrists and bound them together in front of
him.  She used the considerable slack left on the rope to wrap it
once around his upper knees, binding his hands to them.  They were
knotted securely.  "That's to make sure you don't peek.  Consider
it a down payment on what you'll be getting when we reach my place. 
Do you mind?"  "No, not at all", he replied.  She could tell
by the bulge that was now appearing under his pants he was already enjoying
this.  "This guy really is into bondage", she thought.  Just
for extra measure she gave the bulge in his pants a little squeeze. 
He grunted a little pleasure.

When they had pulled back into traffic, he began chattering away about
how he had better get his money's worth.  How he wanted the mock capture
to be realistic.  How he wanted to be completely naked when it transpired. 
How he wanted to be gagged so he couldn't work it loose for realism's sake. 
How he wanted to be bound.  How he wanted her to play with her pussy
and breasts and then masturbate in front of him.  How he then wanted
her to take him in her mouth.  How she was then to undo his gag and
sit on his face, so he could lick her clit.  How then he was to be
re-gagged in the same fashion and then forced to have intercourse with
her.  That if he was willing to do business more with her in the future
if she delivered.

As he chattered away, he was telling her nothing new. I had already
told her how he wanted her to do him. She thought to herself, "Cliff, you're
a true aristocrat.  Always used to getting your way.  Always
ordering people around, thinking money is enough to get it".  "Don't
worry Cliff, I'll deliver.  I want your business", was her response.

Reaching her home, Kathryn opened up the door to the garage and drove
inside.  She opened up the back door of the car and released Cliff
from his bonds in the front and also from the seatbelt.  She left
the blindfold on.  "No fair peeking, Cliff.  If we're going to
be truly anonymous, you only get to see the inside of my bedroom". 
"OK", he replied. Pulling him to his feet out the car, she proceeded to
lead him into the house and up the stairs, which led to her bedroom. 
Once inside, she turned him toward the bed, on which the materials, which
would soon render him helpless, lay.  She untied his blindfold so
he could again see.  "I hope you are satisfied", she said.  "I
am", he replied.  "Then prove it.  Show me the hundred bucks",
she demanded.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out five twenties
and handed them to me.  "That's good", she said, after counting them
and laying them down on the dresser.  "Take off your shoes and socks",
she ordered.  While he was complying with that, she stripped off her
blouse, revealing her full breasts to his admiring eyes.  "You seemed
to want to have a good look at these", she said.  "Here they are".

She then walked close to him.  "You'll probably want to lick and
suck them too".  He cupped his hand under her breasts and began to
do just that.  Her hands stole down to his button down shirt and began
to slowly unbutton it.  When it was unbuttoned fully, she took it
off, revealing his hairy chest.  He had a generous amount of chest
hair, generous, but not excessive.  She then pulled him away from
her breasts and began to french kiss as him as she held him close. 
She felt the bulge in his pants press toward the lower part of her abdomen
and begin to rub against it.  As they continued French kissing, her
hands found their way to his waist, and unbuckled his belt.  Once
it was free, she proceeded to unhook and unzip his trousers.  Since
his feet were close together, they then fell lifelessly at his feet. 
He stepped out of them, and then, almost contemptuously kicked them aside. 
He then stood before her, clad only in his underpants.  Already down
there while undoing his trousers, her hand stole its way inside his underwear
to feel his erection.  She felt wetness as the drops of precome had
already begun.  But not bothering with the head of his penis, she
combed her fingers through his pubic hair for a few moments and then reached
down lower to his scrotum, and stroked that.  I and he had told her
that he really liked that.  He'd seemed at full erection before that,
but now appeared to tighten up even more.  His breathing grew deeper
and deeper as he savoured the moment of intimacy with Kathryn.

With that, her free hand began to strip off his underpants.  She
lowered first the right side, then the left, and then the back.  Just
for extra measure, she squeezed his butt cheeks, both sides.  She
then pulled the front of his underpants down, up and over his full erection. 
Moments later, they had too dropped to the floor and he stood before her
completely nude and fully aroused.  With that, she said, "It's time,
Cliff".

On cue, he turned around and grasped his pubic region in a mock attempt
to hide his manhood.  Kathryn clamped her hand over his mouth and
pushed him roughly face first on the bed.  "I'm kidnapping you, Gorgeous.
I'm gonna gag you and tie you up."  She then sat down on him, straddling
him on the lower part of his back. His hands were pinned underneath him
and her legs held his arms at bay at his sides.  Seizing the pre-folded
rough cloth, she tied it over his mouth, then reinforced the gag with some
rope and tied a bandana on top to keep it altogether.  She tied everything
securely, as he had said.  It had to be real, to the point where he
couldn't work it loose.  He told her he was going to try to in order
to test her.

Having effectively gagged him, she grabbed his left wrist and pulled
it behind him.  Tying a loop around it with one end of a bathrobe
belt, she held the slack end and grabbed the other wrist.  30 seconds
later, his hands were bound firmly behind his back.  She then grasped
his ankles and secured them cross-legged with a leather belt, and then
turned him over so he faced her to expose his fully erect organ. 
Taking another leather belt, she used it to bind his knees together. Then,
standing next to the bed, she removed her shoes and began to strip off
her pants.  His eyes got bigger and bigger.  "Mmmphh, mmmphh",
he began to cry softly under his gag, though they got louder the more she
revealed her feminity

When she was completely nude just like Cliff, she sat down on the opposite
foot of the bed and proceeded to fondle her breasts.  The nipples
grew erect; she'd always been turned on by the sight of bound and gagged
people on TV and the movies.  Now Cliff's muffled cries and vain struggles
against his bonds turned her on as never before.  One hand stole its
way down to her pussy lips and began to stroke them.  Her legs were
wide open, and it was a simple thing to move her fingers inside her crack
and begin to massage her clit in full view of Cliff.  Her stimulation
was at a peak now; her pussy juices were really flowing.  It had always
been a simple thing for her to masturbate herself to orgasm, and now there
was this bound, gagged, completely naked and fully aroused male to further
stimulate her by sight.  It only took a few minutes of this for her
body to spasm as she climaxed for the first time.

When she had relaxed, she moved over to Cliff.  "What you want,
I deliver", she declared as her tongue first licked off the precome running
down his fully erect penis.  Then, taking the shaft into her lips,
she began to rhythmically move them up and down.  Soon she felt hot
semen spurt into her mouth as Cliff climaxed.  She swallowed every
drop of it, fully enjoying the taste of it.

When Cliff's body had relaxed, Kathryn began to move up it.  His
penis had grown soft, having climaxed already.  But she was determined
for him to get it up again rapidly.  And she was also determined to
get as much pleasure out of this experience as possible.  Why not? 
She was going to get a lot of loot out of this. Might as well get as much
of the fringe benefits as possible. Rising up, she pulled the gag off Cliff's
mouth. Straddling his mouth between her legs, she lowered her open pussy
onto his mouth.  "Lick my clit with all your might", was her order. 
He complied.  Moaning through this, his new gag of sorts, her pussy
and clit, he massaged them as vigorously as he could.  It felt so
good to her, knowing she had dominated this aristocrat.  Her pussy
juices must have tasted sweet as honey to him, knowing his wife also didn't
like oral sex, as I had said.  He had honestly told me too much about
their intimate conflicts.  Soon she writhed over his mouth in her
second orgasm.

But she wasn't finished yet.  Glancing down at his male organ,
she could see it was erect as ever.  She therefore sat him up and
moved behind him and pulled him close to her.  The feel of her bush
on his butt cheeks must have been pleasurable to him, as she gagged him
just as before.  She then rolled over on her back and proceeded to
pull his fully erect, bound and gagged body on top of her.  She remembered
that this was the final act that he wanted in their lovemaking.  To
have full sexual intercourse with her, to feel his erect cock deep in her
vagina while bound and gagged.  That's what he wanted.  She was
going to deliver, as she wanted that pleasure for herself.  She wrapped
her legs around him and locked them together above his hips.  She
reached down and grabbed his butt cheeks, pulling them hard with each forward
thrust. He was thrusting just like her, and the head of his penis had found
her g-spot.  Several minutes later, they again spasmed in mutual orgasm
within moments of each other.

What a rude shock he was in for, if he expected to be released after
that.  Instead two phone calls would be made which he totally did
not expect.  She lay there, savouring her orgasm, silently looking
forward to the moment that would soon come when he would learn he had been
kidnapped for real.

Part Two

"Mmmphh, mmmphh", was Cliff's cry from under his gag. Jolted out of
savouring of her orgasm, Kathryn looked at the clock.  "What's the
matter, Gorgeous?” she asked.  "Oh, I know what you want.  Your
rendezvous with Amy is only 45 minutes away.  You're right. 
We need to get moving."

She unbuckled the belts that bound his ankles and knees.  Still
nude, she sat him up and moved behind him.  He undoubtedly fully expected
her to release his bound hands and un-gag him.  Instead, she reached
in front of him and began to stroke his cock and scrotum.  "On second
thought, Gorgeous, let's not be so hasty. I've enjoyed our time together. 
You've made me come. I think I want more.  If you're a little late,
it will be OK.  After all, Amy is my friend.” she said softly. 
His penis, which had grown semi-hard after climaxing twice, grew more erect,
especially after she stroked his erogenous zones.

With that Kathryn abruptly pulled him to his feet. Grabbing the two
belts that had bound his legs together, she clutched his left upper arm
with her right hand and roughly led him over to a desk chair. "Mmmphh,
mmmphh", he protested.  He didn't have much choice.  She was
superior to him physically, and he was still fully subdued, with his hands
bound behind his back.  "C'mon, Gorgeous.  You wanted your money's
worth.  I'm gonna make sure you get it".  When they reached the
chair, she dropped the two belts at its side, then reached down and grabbed
him by his knees with her left arm, and with her right lifted his bound
hands up and over the back of the chair.  "Have a seat, Gorgeous",
she said as she deposited his body rather roughly on the seat of the chair. 
She then sat down on his lap.

"You like big tits, don't you, Gorgeous", she asked as she cupped both
hands under her breasts and leaned close to his face.  She began to
move her nipples back and forth against his gag.  "I bet you'd like
to lick and suck these like you did before if you had the chance. 
But you're gagged now, and I like you better that way".  One hand
then stole its way underneath to his manhood.  She began to gently
stroke its semi erection, and then found its way down to his scrotum. She
felt its loose skin and sparse hair as she gently fondled it.  His
penis began to gradually grow more rigid with each passing moment. 
"That's better, Gorgeous.  Just relax.  I told you I wanted to
give you your money's worth.  I really like you.  You're really
quite sexy.  And I like your cock, whether in my mouth or deep inside
me".  After 5 minutes or so, when she felt his arousal was complete,
she moved her crotch fully forward.  The shaft of his erect penis
now rested inside her cleft and up against her clit. She rocked gently
back and forth, and felt him do the same.  She then reached down and
grabbed one of the belts and proceeded to fasten his upper torso to the
chair, all the while rocking back and forth on his manhood.  He moaned,
lightly under his gag.

While he was caught up in this ecstasy, Kathryn moved off of him and
grasped his ankles.  Grabbing the remaining belt, she used it to fasten
both of them to a crossbar attached to the side of one front leg of the
chair.  She then walked over and picked up two ropes she still had
available.  She used one to tie his knees securely to the opposite
leg, and the other to tie his already bound hands to a crossbar at the
chair's back.  Though still erect, he cried "Mmmphh, mmmphh" under
his gag.  He seemed to know something was up.  Once he was fully
bound, she again straddled him, her clit against the shaft of his erect
organ. She rocked back and forth some more.  "I like you so much,
I'm going to have to keep you here longer", she whispered in his ear. 
"I'm even going to call Amy to let her know that you have been delayed".

Spinning the chair around so he faced her, she sat down on the foot
of the bed.  She saw a puzzled expression appear on his face as she
picked up the phone.  She gave him a perfect beaver shot, playing
with her wide-open pussy in full view of him, and fondling her breasts. 
Dialling the mansion phone, it was immediately answered by me.  She
heard me call to the butler that I had it.  I then made sure that
the butler had heard what I said and would not be listening in on our conversation. 
This is how it went:

Kathryn: "I got him Amy.  Everything is going according to plan. 
He doesn't even know where I live as I kept him tied up and blindfolded
the whole trip. Leave as soon as we finish this conversation to pick him
up.  Of course he won't be there, because he's been kidnapped and
I have him bound and gagged over here."

Kathryn told me later that she would never forget the look of horror
on Cliff's face as he realized he'd been made.  Set up.  Betrayed
by me.  He'd fallen for the perfect ruse and now was totally helpless
to stop it.  He now began to squirm helplessly on the chair, vainly
trying to free himself from his bonds and work loose his gag.  It
was all empty efforts; she had tied and gagged him too well, just as he
wanted.  His moans under his gag were stimulating her again as she
began to masturbate deeper.

Kathryn to Cliff: "Oh what's the matter, Gorgeous. You just figured
out you've been kidnapped for real? Don't worry.  We won't hurt you. 
But we're just going to have to keep you here until Wifey pays up to free
you.  And you're gonna be our love slave until she does".
Kathryn into the receiver: "You can't believe how sexy he looks, Amy. 
Bound, gagged, totally helpless, and completely nude.  And I like
watching him struggling helplessly against his bonds and listening to those
muffled cries under his gag.  It just turns me on all the more."
Me: "How was he?"
Kathryn: "Spectacular, Amy.  He made me come three times, the
sexy little devil.  You're really going to enjoy him when you get
here."
Me: "I've wanted him since the day I laid eyes on him.  He's a
real cutie.  Now I'll get my chance.  Just don't use him up before
I get there.  As far as I'm concerned his wife can take her time paying
up.  She loves him a lot even if she doesn't do what he wants sexually. 
She'll come through."
Kathryn: "I'm sure she will.  And I know how much you want him. 
I won't do him anymore until you get her. But remember, you have a perfect
alibi.  Just stick to the story we have.  He wanted to go to
that mall, and you dropped him off.  When you went to pick him up,
he wasn't there.  He wore those commoner clothes because he didn't
want the commoner stores at the mall to take advantage of him, being an
aristocrat.  And counsel his wife against calling the cops. 
Tell her she can't do that, or she'll never see him alive again. 
That it's best to meet the kidnappers demands.  Now, give me his wife's
work number so I can call her and tell her what we want."
Me: "Here it is:"
Kathryn: "One more thing.  She'll probably be calling your car
phone in the next few minutes.  It would be good to be on the road,
making it look like you're on the way to pick him up.  When he's not
there, she'll get the story firsthand from you.  She'll probably want
you to hang around for a while just to make sure.  Don't make any
more communications to me on your car phone just in case they monitor it. 
Get here as soon as you can.  Talk to you later.  Bye.”

Having gotten his wife's work phone number, Kathryn quickly dialled
it.  Cliff's muffled cries and struggles were reaching a peak in the
background. This was the conversation with his wife:

Kathryn: "Hello, may I speak with Mrs Harris?"
Wife: "Speaking."
Kathryn: "Mrs Harris, I have your husband here."
Wife: "What?"
Kathryn: "You heard me.  I have your husband here. He's been kidnapped
by me."
Wife: "I don't understand."
Kathryn: "Sorry to inform you, Mrs Harris, but your husband is my prisoner. 
I've kidnapped him, and unless you comply with my demands, you'll never
see him again."
Wife: "If you've hurt him..."
Kathryn: "He's quite safe, Mrs Garrison.  He's sitting on a chair
right next to me.  In fact, I think he wants to talk to you."
At this point, Kathryn held the receiver close so Cliff's muffled cries
and struggles could clearly be heard.
Kathryn: "I'm sorry, Mrs Garrison, but he doesn't seem rather communicative. 
Of course that gag I tied over his mouth makes it rather hard for him to
talk."
Wife: "You gagged him..."
Me: That's right.  I gagged him.  And I got him trussed up
to the chair nice and snug.  He won't be going anywhere and talking
to anyone soon, until you pay up."
Wife: "What do you want?"
Me: "You'd better scrape together $2 million cash if you want him back. 
You have 24 hours.  On the other hand, maybe you won't.  In that
case, I just get to keep him for my own sex toy forever.  He is a
real cutie.  I'll be in touch with you later regarding the drop off
point for the ransom.  And one more thing. Don't call the cops. 
We're monitoring every communication you make.  Just do as you're
told and he won't be hurt".

Cliff's moans under his gag were reaching a fever pitch by now. 
Kathryn was glad.  It was a perfect ending as she hung up the phone.

With that, Kathryn's still nude body straddled his on the chair. 
His penis was still erect, trapped between his bound legs.  She rubbed
against his shaft with her clit for a few minutes.  "I told you, Gorgeous.
You're going to get your money's worth.  You just didn't know how
much it was going to cost you".  She then kissed him on an ungagged
portion of his cheek and began to dress.  When she was fully clothed,
she checked his bonds.  In particular she was concerned about making
his bound hands fully secure and so tied an additional rope on top of that. 
She also made sure his reinforced gag was nice and tight.  Having
satisfied herself that he was completely helpless, she said, "Don't struggle
too much, Gorgeous.  Amy wants you too.  She's told me how much
she's always wanted you.  Don't expend too much energy; save some
for her.  If you get bored while waiting, think of her nice warm pussy
waiting for you".

She then moved his chair in front of a full-length mirror, so he could
observe his bound, gagged and nude body struggle.  She figured that
might keep him aroused.  Leaving the lights on and the door open so
she could listen in, she then descended the stairs. His muffled cries and
empty struggles let her know that her prisoner was secure.

Part Three - An
Eyeful

A half an hour later, Kathryn decided to pay a visit on her captive,
to make sure he was still as secure as when she had left him.  Reaching
the foot of the stairs, she again heard his faint muffled cries. Again,
that erotic sound.  Pausing there, her hand again found its way inside
her panties, and she began to fondle her pussy lips.  Her juices again
were beginning to flow.  She started ascending the stairs, but found
herself pausing at nearly every step to massage her mound further.

Reaching the top, she entered her bedroom and walked over to the chair
where Cliff sat, bound and gagged. He was aroused as ever, and the precome
had run over the head of his penis and all the way down the shaft. The
light was still on, so she saw everything.  After checking his bonds
and gag, she told him, "You've been struggling.  Naughty, naughty,
I told you to save your strength for us, especially Amy.  You know,
Gorgeous, I've promised not to touch you again, but save you for her. 
I'll make an exception for this."  Here she licked the precome off
of his cock.  "And, I'm still going to make good use of you before
she comes."  With that, she again began to strip.  She tried
to make it very sensual, as she had seen in  strip joints, both male
and female.  It aroused her as much as him.  She knew he must
have liked it, as males are much more aroused by sight than females. 
At any rate, he couldn't keep his eyes off of her, even if he wanted to.

When Kathryn was again totally nude, she went over to the dresser and
opened up the drawer where her g-spot vibrator was stored away.  She
put it down on the bed and got a backrest, which she then laid at the head
of the bed.  She then moved his chair in plain view of where she would
be propped up, again giving him a perfect view of her stimulating herself. 
She then lay on the bed, propped up by the backrest and again began to
stimulate herself digitally.  But there was one thing missing. 
Cliff had quietened down when she re-entered the room.  "Struggle,
Gorgeous, struggle. Let me hear your muffled cries again.  I know
you like it just as much as I do.  Get your money's worth." The good
sub he was, he began to again writhe on the chair, and moan under his gag. 
Her juices were really flowing as her fingers stole their way inside her
cleft, and moved deeper and deeper into her femininity.  When she
was as aroused as she thought she needed to be, she clutched her gspot
vibrator and inserted it inside her vagina.  Turning it on, she felt
its stimulation.  She had used it before many times, but now its hum
was supplemented by Cliff's muffled cries.  Less than a minute later,
she came again.  She turned the vibrator off, but left it in and lay
back on the backrest, again savoring the orgasm.

Sometime later, Cliff's muffled cries again brought her back to reality. 
With that, she rose up quickly, and removed the vibrator from her vagina. 
Cleaning it off, she put it back in her drawer and then sat down on Cliff's
lap again.  His penis had grown soft over the minutes since she had
stimulated him.  Though naked, and with her bush pressed up against
him, he didn't seem to get any harder.  "Amy will be here soon. 
She's as good a friend as I have ever had in my life.  And she wants
you as much as anyone.  You will give her a good performance. 
You will make her come. Is that clear?"  Cliff nodded his head. 
She was right from the beginning.  He was a good sub.  "Just
relax then, Gorgeous.  Save your strength for her". Reaching around
with both her hands, she grasped his buttcheeks.  "Say, you have such
a cute butt, Gorgeous.  Maybe I'll have to rename you.  Maybe
'Sweetcheeks' will be a better nickname.  Those nice round cheeks
of yours give a horny female so much to grasp on while she's fucking the
daylights out of you.

With that, she rose up to leave him alone.  With a laugh, she said,
"Sweetcheeks, Amy and I are going to have a lot of fun with you. 
How long it lasts, is up to Wifey.  It depends how long she waits
to pay up". She dressed and left the room.  Her parting shot before
she left was, "It doesn't matter how long she takes to pay up.  Amy
and I are going to enjoy this moment to the fullest.  But just relax
and wait for her."  She turned out the light as she left.
