---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Unwinding in Surrender
authors:
- SuthrnLrd
tags:
- n-a
---

This is
a work of erotic fiction.  If you're too young to legally read this,
or if you think you might be offended if you read it, don't. This story
is copyright 1998 by SuthrnLrd.  You can use it any way you want for
your own personal enjoyment, but if you rip off my work and try to pass
it off as your own, or if you archive my work and charge money to read
it, then you suck.

I greet you at the door with a smile and a hug,
feeling the tension in your body from a hard day's work.  I kiss your
cheek as I close the door behind us.  I take the briefcase from your
hand and toss it onto the couch. "Hungry, sweet?"
You shake your head.  "I had a late lunch."
I hold you close, just enjoying you pressed up
against me, your arms wrapped around me, your breath hot against my neck. 
I reach down and squeeze your ass through your beige business skirt. 
I nibble your ear and then whisper into it.
"I can tell you've had a rough day today."

You sigh and melt into me.  I squeeze your
ass harder, pressing you against me.
"For the rest of the night, you have no responsibilities. 
No deadlines.  No accounts to reconcile or reports to file. 
No choices to make."  I begin pulling your skirt up slowly. 
"You have no choices at all.  No decisions." 
I can feel you squirm as my hands bunch up your
skirt above your ass, exposing your prim and proper cotton panties.
I push you up against the door, my hands squeezing
and kneading your ass through the panties. I kiss your neck and bite it
lightly as you wrap one leg around my waist and clench against me.
"Mmmmm..." you purr, rubbing against me. 
I smile and push back, letting you feel how hard my cock is through the
clothing that separates us.

"In fact, sweet," I continue to whisper, "I'm
the one who'll be making the decisions tonight.  Understand me, pet?"
You whimper and nod, your hips grinding against
me with rising need.  "Yes, my Lord."
I reach down and pull your other leg up, and
you wrap it around me, both legs hugging my waist, your back pressed into
the hard wood of the door.  With one hand, I reach beneath you and
massage your pussy through your panties.  You react instantly, your
motions becoming more uncontrolled and your hands clenching and unclenching.
"My first decision is that you will come right
now.  You have thirty seconds to start coming. If you fail, I will
punish you.  Do you understand?"
You gasp.  "Yes, my Lord!"

With that, I begin rubbing your pussy harder now,
feeling your wetness soak the cloth.  I push against you even harder
and open your mouth with my tongue, probing you and kissing you deeply.
You are frantic now, barely able to catch your breath as I suck on your
lips and thrust my tongue deep in your mouth. My fingers are rubbing your
clit now, faster and faster, and I 
can feel your body tense as it prepares to climax. 
And then you are shuddering uncontrollably, moaning into my mouth, and
I keep rubbing you, and you grind against my hand, and you cry out as you
clutch me and shake from the orgasm. I remove my slick fingers, letting
your skirt fall back down. Still pressing you against the door as you relax
and let your shaky legs slide down to the floor, I put my fingers in my
mouth and suck them.

"Mmmm..."  I kiss your cheek and whisper
in your ear.  "You taste so good, pet.  I hope you don't mind
the fact that I'm going to force your body to produce a lot of that tonight. 
I really hope you don't mind.  Because you don't have a choice. 
I'm thirsty for you, pet, and it's going to take everything you have to
slake my thirst." 
I kiss you, catching the moan that escapes your
lips. Suddenly, I pull away from you and pull you with me to the center
of the room. I remove a black blindfold from my pocket, like a magician
performing a scarf trick, and hold it in front of you. Then I turn you
around and lower the blindfold over your eyes.  I tighten it, making
sure you can't see a thing.  Your body tenses a bit, and I merely
hold you from behind and kiss your neck until you relax.

I strip you slowly, pausing to kiss and fondle
your flesh as I expose it.  Each portion of your body gets worked
over with my hands and lips as all barriers to your flesh are removed.
When I have stripped you completely, I take your arms and touch your wrists
together behind your back, indicating that you should keep them there.I
wrap a satin scarf around and between your wrists, tying it tightly, binding
your wrists together.
"Is that comfortable, pet?"
You nod.  "Yes, my Lord."
"Good."  I spread your legs apart with my
hands, and brush my fingers against your pussy momentarily before stepping
around to face you. I kiss you gently while I remove my clothes. You struggle
with yourself not to move as I kiss your lips, your cheeks, your neck,
the V between your breasts, the smooth surface of your breasts.  By
the time I reach your nipples, I am naked, and I tease you by merely flicking
my tongue rapidly and briefly against each nipple, making your nipples
even harder.

With one hand, I take my hard cock and press it
to my stomach as I embrace you.  My cock is sandwiched between our
bodies as I kiss you.  I know how much you want it inside you, but
the night is young, and there will be plenty of time for that later. We
stand there kissing for a while, me with the freedom to let my fingers
play upon your body as I see fit, and you forbidden to move. You know how
much I enjoy tormenting you like this, how I so love all the reactions
your body makes as I stroke your skin.  You've had one orgasm so far,
but you know that your second one will take a long time to get here, and
that you will have to spend a long time being aroused and frustrated before
it arrives.

I leave you now for a moment, and you bite your
lip, wondering what will happen next. You can hear me walking across the
room, opening something that sounds like a sliding drawer. You hear something
that sounds like tinkling bells.  You hear me approach you again.
You gasp as I suddenly grab your left nipple and touch something hard and
metallic to it, and you cry out as you feel your nipple clamped. 
The clamp is not so tight that it hurts you, but you can feel your nipple
throb with the pressure.  I grab your right nipple and quickly clamp
it as well.  I kiss you as you groan from it, and while I am kissing
you, you gasp as you feel each clamp in turn suddenly get heavier, and
you realize that I have added small weights to each clamp. 
The clamps still are not painful, but the weights
add to the pressure.  And when you move, you hear the tinkling of
bells.
You blush.

I begin licking the tips of your nipples and flicking
the bells that dangle from the clamps, and you moan with a combination
of embarrassment, discomfort, and need.  I keep this up for a while,
letting the stimulation start to overwhelm you. Then I adorn other parts
of your body with bells. I fasten clip-on earrings, each with a small bell
dangling beneath.  I tie bells to your ankles. 
I tie bells to the scarf that binds your wrists. 
I tie bells to your thighs.  I tie bells in your hair. And then I
make you spread your legs as wide as they'll go for the finishing touches.
I must be gentle here.  I take your left outer labia and pull on it,
stretching it out just a bit. Then, deftly and quickly, I put a clamp on
it and tighten the clamp only to the point where it will not fall off,
and no more.  I repeat this with your right labia, and you can hear
the tinkling of these new bells as they tug at your most sensitive of places.

I step back to admire my handiwork.  You
are trembling, setting off a chorus of tinkling bells, which only serves
to make you tremble harder.
"You are beautiful, my pet."
"Th-thank you, my Lord."
"I think these adornments enhance your beauty. 
Perhaps I will have you wear them more often for me." You shiver, creating
more musical ripples.  "If it pleases you, my Lord."
I smile.  "Dance for me."
You gasp, but already your body is obeying me. 
It's awkward to dance with your hands tied behind your back, but you try
to dance gracefully for me.  The bells tinkle at full volume.
"More seductively.  Arouse me with motion."

You try to lose yourself in the dance, swaying
your hips, moving your feet.  And always, always, the tinkling of
bells.  Your motions are erotic now, exciting.  You have lost
yourself in dancing, swaying to the sound of your own heartbeat. 
I feel my cock twitch at the sight of you.
"Now stop.  Face away from the sound of
my voice."  You obey me as I speak.  "Spread your legs wider. 
Bend over slightly.  Now make your ass dance for me.  Grind it. 
Don't move anything else, just your ass." 
You begin, moving your ass in undulating circles. 
"That's it. Show me how much you want my cock
inside you.  Let your ass tell me this by the way you grind. 
Think only of how you would love for me to thrust deeply inside your pussy."
You are one mass of tinkling bells as you grind for me.  I watch your
ass, wanting so much to fuck you.  Instead, I put my hand on your
ass.

"Keep grinding," I command you.  I let your
ass guide my hand as you wiggle for me.  Over and over, you make delicious
circles, ovals, figure-eight's with your ass.  You grind and gyrate
with your mind as well as your body, displaying your great need for me,
testing the limits of my self-control.  How easy it would be to simply
take you now, to impale you on my throbbing cock and fuck you until we
both achieved a quick and much-needed release. But the release becomes
so much sweeter when desperation is at a fever pitch. I restrain myself
and simply enjoy the motions of your ass.
Finally, when you are panting from desire, I
playfully swat your ass and command you to stop and stand.  I remove
the bells from your body, starting with the clamps on your pussy lips.
You breathe a sigh of relief as the pressure leaves you, and you are glad
as each bell is removed.  But instead of removing the nipple clamps,
I attach an end of a silver chain to each clamp. 
You whimper as you realize that the pressure
on your nipples will not be relieved.

Slowly I pull on the chain.  The throbbing
pressure of your nipples increases, and you instinctively step forward
to relieve it. I kiss your lips quickly and take a step back, pulling on
the chain again.  You follow me.  You quickly learn the rules
of the game as I stop you with my hands and guide you silently.  You
are not to step forward until I have pulled the chain taut and your nipples
begin to stretch.  Then you are allowed to move one step.  But
you must stand still until you feel your nipples being stretched again. 
Step by step, with an alternating rhythm of increasing and decreasing pressure
to your poor nipples, I lead you to the bathroom. By the time we arrive,
you are panting, and I can smell your arousal.  It pleases me. I kiss
your lips again and remove the clamps, hearing you sigh with relief. 
I give each nipple a quick kiss, then prepare a shower for us.

The water is as hot as we can stand it, and I
step in first to guide you.  I pull you to me, your arms still pinned
behind you, the blindfold still covering your eyes.  I pull you into
an embrace and let you feel my naked flesh against yours again, let my
cock rub against you. Then I pull away and bathe you slowly and thoroughly. 
The shower is large enough for me to position you any way I please, and
I put you into delightful positions in order to bathe every part of you. 
I make you bend over, your legs spread wide, and I use my left hand to
steady you while my right lathers your ass.  I rub my soapy fingers
along the crack of your ass, teasing you, slowly pushing just the tip of
my index finger into your tiny hole and rubbing there.
I make you lean with your back against the wall
and your legs as far out as you can go without slipping, and use the soap
on your pussy.  I am very careful not to stimulate you too much. 
I don't want you coming again for awhile.

I have you kneel before me, the water splashing
against your back.  I run my thumb along your mouth for a moment before
parting your lips.  I pull down, and you obligingly open your mouth
for me. You can feel the head of my cock touch your lips now, and you eagerly
take it inside your mouth.  I run my fingers through your hair as
you begin to suck me, and I begin a running monologue of tender words,
telling you what a good pet you are, how sweet you are to me, and how much
I love you.  I start rambling a bit as the orgasm swells within me,
telling you what is in store for you, how much pleasure I am going to force
from your body, and how before the night is through you will be begging
me to let you stop coming.
And then I explode inside your mouth, moaning
at the top of my lungs.  You hungrily devour every drop and milk me
dry, until I have to pull my suddenly too-sensitive cock from your mouth. 
I help you up and embrace you, kissing you violently, tasting myself on
your lips.
"I love you," I whisper in your ear.

It takes perhaps ten minutes to dry you and prepare
you for the main course of tonight's erotic feast.  As I dry you,
I play with your body, teasing your arousal ever higher.  Your movements
are without the slightest inhibition and are guided only by need. 
They are accompanied by the most delightful whimpers, pouts, and entreaties. 
I could command you to remain motionless and silent as I rub you with the
towel, but it pleases me for you to display your desire.
At last, I lead you to the bedroom.  I remove
the scarf that binds your hands together, and I let you embrace me briefly,
your hands grabbing my back, pulling us together.  I kiss you after
a minute and pull away from you. I replace the wet blindfold with a dry
one, and you climb onto 
the bed as I guide you.  I have you lie
on your back, with your legs spread apart.

Your knees are bent and pressing down onto the
sheets, exposing you to me completely. With soft, fake-fur cuffs, I strap
your legs in this position at the ankles and lower thighs.  The ankle
cuffs are attached to the foot of the bed, while the thigh cuffs are attached
to the sides. Then your wrists are strapped above your head, stretching
your arms taut. When I have finished, you are immobile and utterly vulnerable.

You cry out in surprise as you feel something
enter your ear, and you reflexively jerk your head aside.  I take
your left nipple and squeeze firmly, keeping the pressure on it as I tell
you to relax.
Distracted by your nipple, I finish sliding the
earplug in, making sure it fits properly.  I kiss your other ear and
whisper "don't be frightened, pet."  The second plug goes in without
a struggle.
You whimper as you feel me put something else
over your ears.
You realize they are headphones, the big kind
that cup the whole ear. The trembling of your body begins again. I lie
down beside you, stroking your breasts gently.
"Sweet?" I say very loudly, almost shouting. 
"Can you hear me?"
"Y-yes, my Lord."
I kiss your lips.  "In a moment, I am going
to turn on some music."  It feels awkward to be talking so loud, but
I have to make sure you hear me. "I am going to turn it up slowly. You
must tell me when the music sounds normal to you.  Do you understand?"
You nod, biting your lip.
I have a 10-disc CD changer that I've programmed
for a few hours' worth of sensual music.  More than we'll need, but
guaranteed not to run out before I am finished with you.  I touch
the play button and begin slowly turning up the volume. 
It will have to be very loud to sound normal
through the earplugs.

"That's it, my Lord," you say, just when I start
to worry that the volume might be getting too high.  "That's loud
enough.  I-I'm a little scared."  I am at your side instantly,
touching you, kissing you, soothing you without words.  I stroke your
face and kiss your forehead.  I lie next to you and let you feel the
warmth of my body.I hold you until I can feel you relax a little.You sigh. 
"It's...it's okay now, my Lord.  Thank you."  I kiss your forehead
again and shift position so that I'm lying on top of you.  I slip
my hand under your head and cradle it as I kiss your lips.  For several
minutes we simply kiss, and I feel your body respond to mine. My cock,
so recently drained by your sweet lips, is awakening again.
It's time to begin your sensual torment.

I kneel between your spread legs, simply sitting
there, not touching you.  Your body tenses as all contact with me
is broken.  I let you feel this tension for awhile, letting it build
within you, letting you wonder what will happen next. 
And then my hand is suddenly on your thigh, caressing
it gently. You arch up involuntarily, hoping I will touch your aching pussy,
but I merely enjoy the feel of your creamy skin. How smooth and sweet it
is, so agreeable to being petted and caressed.  I withdraw my hand,
leaving you tense and unfulfilled for a minute.

My lips are upon your belly now, and I kiss you
as you moan helplessly.  I trace little circles with my tongue around
your belly button, listening to your ragged breathing.  And again,
I withdraw, leaving you with no sensation. Suddenly you feel my fingers
squeezing your right nipple hard, and you cry out and raise your ass off
the bed, squirming.  I release your nipple and let you feel the frustrating
sensation of nothingness for awhile. Now I kiss your calves, slowly working
my way up your legs, licking and sucking the flesh.  When I reach
your inner thighs, I open my mouth wide and suck the flesh in hard.
You squeal and writhe as much as your bonds will
allow, and I bite lightly into your thigh and suck harder.  I release
your flesh with a wet popping sound that you cannot hear, and rub the angry
hickey with the tips of my fingers, listening to your sigh of relief.

After another frustrating period of no sensations,
I move back to your lips, pressing my body full against yours.  I
press the tip of my cock against your pussy and rub the head along your
slit, catching your moans with my lips.  You thrust against me, begging
me with your body to fuck you. But I merely tease you like this, kissing
you and rubbing your pussy lips with my cock, until you are trembling with
need.  Then I withdraw.
I watch your sumptuous body writhe for awhile
before beginning my next stimulation.
It seems like an eternity for you.  You
never know what to expect next.  One minute I might be lightly circling
your nipples with my fingers, the next I might be spanking your inner thighs. 
I might massage your feet, or nibble on your
earlobes.  I might run an ice cube over your body.  And always,
the lengthy pauses between stimulations to give you plenty of time to wonder
what will come next.

At long last, just when it seems your pussy will
never receive the lengthy attention I offer to other parts of your body,
I lower my lips to your pussy and probe you with my tongue. You cry out
and thrust your ass off the bed, and I catch it in my hands and knead your
assflesh roughly as my tongue and lips play upon your pussy.  I do
not touch your clit yet, though it strains at me as if it had a mind of
its own.  I merely continue the slow build to your approaching orgasm.
And then I stop.
You moan in frustration and need, pumping your
hips at me, but I merely stroke your thighs lightly.  Little by little
you relax, your ass sinking back down onto the bed.
When you have relaxed, I begin again.
There is nothing held back now.  You have
become a writhing, panting, frustrated creature, howling without words
as I bring you again and again almost to orgasm, then leaving you alone 
as you beg and moan and whimper and thrash and
try so hard to push yourself over the edge without my help.

Finally, just when it seems you will go mad, I
attack your clit with my tongue.
Your cries are almost violent as I begin lapping
you rhythmically.  Over and over again my tongue performs the same
sweeping motion across the hard knot of flesh, making it even harder and
causing your cries to rise in pitch and volume.
I thrust a finger into your pussy, not missing
a beat in the licking.  I press against your G-spot in a counter-rhythm
to the licking of your clit.  It's a syncopated pattern of press-lick,
press-lick, press-lick, press-lick, over and over again.  Your ass
is high off the bed, your wailing constant.
Your whole universe has been reduced to the sensations
of your pussy and the music in your ears.
I can feel the tension in your body as the orgasm
builds.  You let out a long wail as the wave begins to crest, then
you are screaming and pumping your hips wildly as the orgasm overwhelms
you. I move with you, not missing a beat, the constant press-lick, press-lick
pushing you even higher into the stratosphere.
You become nothing but a chain reaction of orgasm
upon orgasm.

Wave after wave of mind-blowing pleasure tears
through your body.  You are lost in an ocean of feeling, being tossed
about by powerful waves as you come and come and come. At long last, just
when you feel yourself coming down, the wave depositing your tired body
on the shore of relaxing bliss, I lie on top of you.  Kissing you,
I gently push my needy cock into your dripping wet pussy.  You whimper
as you feel the wave begin again.
When I am all the way inside you, I remove the
headphones and the earplugs, then take off the blindfold so I may stare
into your beautiful eyes.  I kiss you passionately as we begin to
fuck, our bodies moving together in perfectly matched rhythms.  I
reach up and undo your wrist cuffs so that I can feel your arms wrapped
around me, so that I can lose myself in you.
I fuck you slowly and steadily, building us both
to earth-shattering orgasms.

When we finally come, we come together, screaming
out each other's names.
I kiss your eyelids as we float back to earth.
"I love you, sweet," I whisper in your ear.

**For more great
stories like this**
**visit SuthrnLrd's
site at**
**<http://www.geocities.com/SoHo/Den/1870/>**
