---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/tg/storieslr/mywifeismybestfriend.html
subcategory: Transformation
title: My Wife is My Best friend
authors:
- Holly B
tags:
- F/m
- cd
- fem
- party
- bond
- gag
- MF
- sex
- hum
- transition
- M2f
- surgery
- bodymod
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2011-07-09 00:00:00
---

I recently learned to never reveal your inner most secrets to your wife, even if you’ve been married for five years. Connie and I had been married for just over five years after dating for about sixteen months. Even though our general interests were different we always got along great. Our greatest difference, however, was our social lives. She enjoyed being with others all the time but I enjoyed being at home. Connie works as a receptionist for a plastic surgeon and therefore sees people day in, and day out. I’m a research scientist so I spend a lot of time alone. Connie is also a very attractive woman. She has long brown hair, a model’s face but she is only five feet tall. She has a nice figure but always complains about being so short. I’m very lucky to have her though, because I’m only five feet eight inches tall and I have a very feminine build. I have wide hips, a big round butt, small waist and narrow shoulders. In my youth I was teased a lot about looking like a girl.

Our best friends, Tom and Becky, were polar opposites from us, however. Tom and Becky had been married just three years and Tommy was a good guy, even though he always flirted with my wife. But Becky was already cheating on him and everyone knew it except Tommy. Things went down hill for me about a week before the last Halloween party. I hate Halloween parties but Connie told me that this year I was going with her whether I liked it or not. The party was at a cocktail lounge, in town and about twelve couples were supposed to be there. She informed me, “Honey, I know you hate this stuff but this year we are going!”

I asked, “I suppose we have to dress up?”

She replied, “yes we are and I all ready have everything we need. You’re going to have a good time even if it kills you.”

I asked, “So what are we going as?”

She answered, “I’m going as a pirate and you’re going to be a nurse.”

I laughed, “A nurse, how do you dress up as a male nurse?”

She laughed and said, “That’s a good question but no need to worry, because you’re going as a female nurse.”

I stared at her but she smiled, and continued, “I have all your clothes and all the special items that you’ll need. I’m going to pierce your ears this afternoon, and next Saturday before the party I’m taking you to my beauty salon to have your hair done. It’s plenty long enough to style. Then I’m going to turn you into a woman.”

After a short pause I asked, “You can’t be serious.”

She replied, “oh yes I am. You look like a woman all ready, and you would be getting a boob job if we had more time. Hell honey, you have no hair and you have as good a figure as I have, you’re going to look fabulous.”

I knew it was useless to fight with her but I hoped she was just trying to scare me. But by eight o’clock that evening, I had studs in my ears. I stayed quiet all the rest of the week. Saturday arrived and at noon I found myself in a chair at her salon. Three hours later, my hair was parted at the left side and was done in a pretty style that had the ends curved around my face. I felt ridiculous on the way home. When we got home I covered my hair and showered. Then she said, “Okay sweetie, here we go.”

She handed me a pair of white, nylon panties with lace at the waist and told me to put them on. I smoothed them over my butt and felt silly when I realized that they felt good on me. Next she showed me how to get my pantyhose on. They were sheer, white support hose and they felt good. Then she gave me a white, brief panty girdle and said, “When you put this on, it will hide your dick.” I complied and it flattened my pubic area just as she said. Then she told me to lie down on my back, on the bed. She rubbed my chest with alcohol and said, “This is to get off any body oil. That way the glue will stick.”

I asked, “What glue?”

She opened a box and removed a pair of silicone breast prosthetics and sat them on my chest. She moved them around till she was satisfied at where they were, then one at a time she lifted them, spread some glue and pushed them back on my chest. Then she said, “Hold them tight please while they dry.” Softly I said, “Jesus honey.” She grabbed her shower while I held my tits on. When she dried off she slipped on a bra and panties then returned to me. She took my hands off and pulled on my boobs. They didn’t budge. She smiled and pulled me to my feet. She held a bra in front of me and said, “Put your arms though the straps please.” I complied and she pulled the ends behind me and fastened the two hooks. After adjusting everything she looked at me and said, “You’re a 36C, how do they feel?”

I couldn’t believe how real they felt but I answered, “I feel like an idiot.”

She laughed again and said, “Sit down dear, when I get through with you, no one will know you’re a man. Trust me honey and be glad I didn’t make you get a boob job, because I thought about it.”

First she put huge, hoop earrings on me. Then she applied and painted false fingernails a lavender color. Then she started on my face. She spent forty, five minutes on my make up. My eyes, long lashes and my lips were meticulously done. She even drew on new eyebrows. When she turned my chair around I was absolutely stunned by what I saw in the mirror. She said, “I’ll take that as a compliment, you look fantastic.” I was speechless while she had me step into my nurse uniform. She pulled it up and then zipped me into it. It was short but not revealing but it highlighted my breasts. Last she helped me into a pair of white, high heels with ankle straps. I couldn’t believe how good I looked. She smiled and said, “Now, I want you to just walk around while I get ready. I want you to get used to your heels.”

In another hour she was ready. She was the sexiest pirate in the sea. She smiled at me and dabbed some of her perfume on me and said, “After you.” Connie drove to the party. At least a dozen men smiled at me from their cars. Secretly, I felt fabulous. Absolutely no one at the party knew I was Connie’s husband. Since no one guessed we were together, we both got hit on all night. I had to dance with a clown, a fireman, a rabbit and a vampire. I had to sit next to Dracula until my wife quit dancing with an astronaut. He even started his hand up my thigh. But thankfully, he took rejection well. It was after two o’clock when we finally left. We had quite a bit to drink but we had our senses. Connie asked me, “I have to admit honey you handled yourself pretty well as a woman. Tell me the truth honey, have you ever had thoughts about becoming a woman?”

I looked at her and said, “It’s late for this kind of discussion, don’t you think?” She prodded, “tell me.” I said, “I’ve wanted to be a girl my whole life.”

She didn’t say another word all the way home. When we got home she went straight to the bedroom. I walked in as she was taking her pirate costume off I asked, “Will you unzip me please?” Without speaking she pulled the zipper down and continued with what she was doing. I stepped out of the dress and took my shoes off. Then I asked, “How do I get these tits off?” She coldly answered, “The glue will stay hard for about thirty hours. So you’re stuck with them until you get real ones.”

I asked, “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

She asked, “Why the hell didn’t you tell me you want to be a woman? How could I have been so dumb?”

I said, “Remind me never to tell you the truth any more. I’ve been just fine and have had no trouble keeping all this under control, especially after I met you. You were the one that took me to this party. It was my fault for agreeing to go in the first place.”

She finished in the bathroom and went to our spare bedroom and slammed the door. I was mad now and I just lied on the bed and thought. Eventually I fell asleep, still in my bra, girdle and pantyhose. I woke up when I felt Connie snap my bra strap. She smiled and said, “I made breakfast. And I’m sorry about last night. I guess I should have known all along. You’ll be a beautiful woman and I’m sorry. We should be able to get your tits off this afternoon.”

The next few weeks were strained at best. We slept together but she was still cold. When I would ask her what was wrong the usual reply was, “I just don’t feel good.” As time went on she even started going out for drinks with the staff at her office. But I had no reason to suspect that there was anything other than her just being disappointed at my admission on Halloween. One Saturday afternoon, she seemed in a better mood finally. I was in my study and she walked in and asked, “Could you take the rest of the day off and come swimming with me?” I answered, “I’d love to. Just let me close this file.” She said, “I’ll have your suit ready when you come to the bedroom.”

I walked in the bedroom and she was all ready in her green bikini. I took my clothes off and started towards my drawer when she stopped me. She held up her blue, string bikini and asked, “Would you wear this for me?”

I was taken back and I said, “the last time I was dressed like a woman you wouldn’t talk to me for a month.”

She said, “I know and I can’t tell you how sorry I am about all that. But I want you to wear this for me. I’ll even fix your hair up again if you want.” I was still surprised by this but I said, “no matter what you think, I love you.” She smiled and tossed me the bottom and she said, “When you pull it up, just tuck your dick between your legs.”

I pushed my dick into my crotch and pulled the bikini up over it and if you weren’t looking, I looked like a woman. She smiled big and stepped behind me. She put my hair in a ponytail. She added, “I realize now why you like me to get on top when we have sex, you want to be the woman, don’t you?” I turned red but she laughed and hung the top around my neck, then tied the strings behind my back. She stepped back and said, “You look good, now grab a beer and let’s go swimming.”

If I really did have big boobs, my figure would be fantastic. From the waist down, it was impossible to tell I was a man, especially from the rear. After we finished our first beer, she pushed me into the pool. We actually had a good time. We dried off and sat on the deck sipping another beer. Connie said, “I didn’t mean to embarrass you when I mentioned this before but I understand now why you like me to be aggressive. Do you like aggressive women?”

I replied, “I never really thought about it but I guess I do.”

She giggled and said, “How would you like me to take charge of you?”

I asked, “What do you mean?”

She continued, “Have you ever been tied up by a woman?”

I answered, “no, of course not.”

After a few minutes she looked at me and said, “I want to tie you up!”

I looked back and continued, “Honey, what’s gotten in to you? You really want to tie me up?”

She took the beer from my hand and sat hers down next to mine. She stood up, grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet. Then she said, “come on little girl, get your ass in the house. From now on, I’m the boss!” She roughly pushed me into the house. She pushed me to our living room. We have a huge fireplace and two sofas, perpendicular the fireplace. She roughly shoved me into one of the sofas and ordered me to sit still. She went to the garage and returned with three, long ropes. She stood in front of me and said, “in a few minutes, you’ll be at my mercy, now get on your belly, now!”

She doubled one of the ropes and since I was still stunned by all this, I was still sitting up on the couch trying to figure out what was happening. She shoved me down on my face and climbed on my butt. She commanded, “give me your hands little lady!” She pulled my hands behind my back and connected the rope to my wrists. She began wrapping the ropes around my wrists and I asked, “Honey, what’s gotten in to you?”

After looping my wrists ten times, she separated the ropes and looped them each direction between my hands. When she cinched my hands real tight I let out a yelp. I hollered, “Jesus honey, not so damn tight!” But she ignored me and cinched my hands a second time then put three, super tight knots in the rope. She got off of me, picked up a second rope and asked, “in a few more minutes, you will be at my mercy, how does it feel, little girl?”

I pleaded, “Connie, take it easy for God’s sake.”

She doubled the second rope and connected it to my ankles. Two minutes later my feet were bound just like my hands were tied, and very tightly.” I begged again, “for Christ sake Connie, what the hell are you doing to me?” She doubled the last rope and answered, “I’m going to hogtie you so tight that you’ll be lucky to wiggle!”

She tucked the doubled end of the rope between my hands, then bent my legs up and passed the doubled end between my feet. After passing the loose ends through the doubled end, she drew the slack out. I begged, “Connie, please take it easy.” But even though I struggled, she pulled my hands directly under the back of my ankles. I yelled, “My God honey, come on!” But she looped my hands and feet two more times then cinched them together solidly before knotting me off. She grunted each time she tightened a knot. She stood up and smiled. Then she said, “you are now hogtied little girl, and you’re not getting loose either, making you my prisoner. How does it feel?”

I begged, “Connie, I can’t budge, how long are you going to keep me like this?”

She said, “We have some things to discuss before you’re free again so get comfortable.”

She started to walk away but I pleaded again, “Connie, I’ll talk about anything you want to, just untie me please.” But she walked into our bedroom. I tried to twist and pull my hands and feet apart but it didn’t require a rocket scientist to know I was never getting myself out of this mess on my own. When she walked back in, she held up a huge, shiny red, spongy-rubber ball gag with a heavy black strap through it. She sat down on the couch across from me and said, “I knew that once I got you hogtied good and tight, you would raise hell. So I bought this little item to keep you quiet.”

I knew I was screwed so I asked, “God honey, what do you want to talk about?”

She asked, “how come you never told me you want to be a woman?”

I replied, “Why do you think? Besides, I told you I was doing just fine until you dressed me up for Halloween. You even threatened to make me get a boob job for Christ sakes!”

She asked, “How big do you want your boobs to be?”

I said, “I’ve wanted big tits since I was in high school.”

She went on, “when did you know you should have been a girl?”

I replied, “When I was about six, I knew I was in the wrong body.”

After a long pause she said, “I don’t know why, but I still care about you. After all, you’ve done a lot for me but I have to think about all this for awhile.”

I said, “I understand, now will you please get me out of this?”

She stepped over to me and said, “No!” Then she mashed the ball behind my teeth as deeply into my mouth as she could. It filled up my entire mouth and only about three, quarters of an inch of the ball was exposed from my mouth. Then she connected the buckles behind my neck under my hair and pulled it tight, pushed the lever in the tightest hole it would reach and dressed it up. She stood up and said, “You can try to get your butt out of this if you want to, but if I was you, I’d just relax now while I think about all this.”

Well this was just great. I had just been gagged and hogtied by my wife and I was wearing her bikini to boot. I felt ridiculous at best. But I was all ready beginning to get sore from being bound so tightly, I couldn’t budge. She left me laying there for about a half an hour before I heard her walk in the kitchen and pick up the phone. After she dialed, she said, “hi Tommy, it’s Connie, how are you doing? Great, is your wife home? Actually I was hoping she was out because I really wanted to talk to you. Where did Becky go? I’m so sorry Tommy. I don’t understand why she does that to you. How long will she be gone? Oh we’ve had an interesting day here. Why, because my husband has been complaining that I’m not aggressive enough? I think I kind of surprised him though. Well I forced him into the living room and subdued him on the couch. Then I tied him up. Yep just little old me. I hogtied my husband real tight. We were in our bikinis at the pool when I decided to take charge. Oh yea, he complained so I had to gag him too. No, he’s not real happy! He has no chance of getting loose either! Tommy, would there be any chance that you could come over and have a beer with me? I’d love that! Bring your suit so we can go swimming. I’ll see you in a little while, bye.”

She walked in and put her head beside mine and asked, “My husband is all tied up right now so you won’t mind if I have some company for awhile, do you?” I moaned into the gag but she just laughed.

Tommy was a great guy but he’s wanted to get into my wife’s pants for as long as I’ve known him. Even though I liked him a lot, this situation made me nervous. Fifteen minutes later a car pulled into the driveway. The doorbell rang and Connie let Tommy in. She led him in and pointed to me saying, “He thinks I’m not very aggressive.”

Tommy laughed and asked, “How did you get yourself in that mess?” He walked up and felt the ropes around my feet, and felt the strap holding the ball in my mouth and exclaimed, “Damn Connie, you have him trussed up awful tight. How long are you going to keep him like this?”

She smiled and said, “That depends on the rest of the evening.  Are you ready for a beer?”

He said, “Yes ma’am. I heard about your Halloween party. Does he really want to be a girl?”

She handed him a beer and said, “Yes he does. She’s all ready very pretty, don’t you agree? Did you bring your bathing suit?” He answered, “Yes I did, and yes she is!” Then she led him out to our pool.

The humiliation was nearly unbearable and I struggled to keep the tears back. They were at the pool for a couple hours before it began to rain. They came in laughing, tossed the empty bottles in the trash and walked into the living room. They stood between the sofas in front of me and Connie said, “I really appreciate you coming over Tommy, I really enjoyed your company. Also, I needed this badly.”

He looked down then looked at me before saying, “Connie, may I make a confession?”

She smiled and said, “Why sure.”

He said, “Most people don’t think so, but I’ve known that Becky cheats on me all the time and I don’t understand why she has to do that to me.”

Connie said softly, “Tommy it’s not your fault.”

He continued, “I also want to tell you that I fell in love with you the day I met you. I would never do anything to loose your friendship but I want you to know that I’ve loved you for over six years.”

Connie smiled and said, “I appreciate that that Tommy, thank you.”

Then he went on, “Connie, before I leave, I’d like to know if there is any way possible, that you would let me kiss you? I’ve wanted to kiss you for six years!”

I was shaking now but Connie took his hands and placed them on her waist and said, “I’d love for you to kiss me.” They pressed their lips together and kissed for more than ten seconds. When they separated, Tommy kept his hands on her waist and said, “Honey, I’ve dreamed about doing that for as long as I can remember. I can’t tell you how much I’ve wanted to do that, thank you Connie.”

They smiled at each other and Tommy asked again, “Is there any way possible that I could kiss you one more time?”

She smiled and this time she pulled his arms around her waist, then she put her arms around his neck and said, “I’d love for you to kiss me again.” This time they locked their mouths together and really went at it. This time they went nearly a minute before they finally separated.

Tommy said, “Connie, I better go but I can’t seem to let go of you.”

She smiled big and said, “Tommy, you have to let go of me.”

Tommy quickly took his arms from around her waist and said, “God Connie, I’m sorry if I offended you, please forgive me.”

She laughed and said, “Don’t worry honey, but if you have your arms around my waist, you can’t fuck me.”

Her statement hit us both like a ton of bricks. The tears began to flow when I realized that my wife wanted to be fucked by my best friend. When it dawned on Tommy that he was about to have sex with the woman of his dreams he said, “Connie, I make love to you ten times a day in my mind. I can’t believe that this is going to happen.”

She turned around and asked, “Will you undo my top please?” Her bikini fell to the floor and then she lied back on the couch after pulling Tommy’s bathing suit off, revealing the biggest hard on I had ever seen. She smiled big and said, “will you kiss my breasts?” His hands were shaking when he put them around her breasts and began gently squeezing them. He bent over and started to kiss her nipples but continued to rub and squeeze her tits. Connie had her eyes closed and she jerked when he started rubbing her belly but when he touched her pussy she said softly, “Tommy, please stick me.”

Softly he replied, “God I don’t believe this, thank you Lord,” before he climbed on the couch and gently spread her legs apart. Then he slid up to her and I watched helplessly as my former best friend, poked the tip of his dick in my wife’s pussy and pushed it all the way in. Connie threw her arms out and moaned, “my God you feel terrific.” Tommy bent down against her chest but before he could do anything else, my wife wrapped her legs around his waist and locked her heels together. He said quietly, “Connie, please tell me that I’m not dreaming.”

She giggled quietly and said, “You feel great honey, now fuck me.”

As soon as he started to pump his dick out and in, my wife got right in rhythm with him and after only four thrusts, they both had huge orgasms. After they quit panting like drowning dogs, my wife wrapped her arms around Tommy’s head again and pulled his mouth against hers and they looked like they were trying to eat each other’s faces. When they unlocked their mouths Tommy said, “Connie, I hope you’ll forgive me for this.”

She said, “My goodness honey, you blew me to the roof in one minute.”

He looked at her seriously and said, “Connie, I love you. I dream of you all the time and when a miracle happens and I have a chance to prove how much I love you, I shoot off like a teenager. Please forgive me honey.” She kissed him again but when he tried to pull his dick out of her, she squeezed her legs tighter. He smiled but she asked, “May I tell you want I want you to do?”

He said, “you sure can honey, just name it.”

She continued, “First I want you to leave your dick in me till it goes down, I want you to kiss me some more, and then I want you to bring me some tissue. After that, since it stopped raining, I want us to go back to the pool for a while. Then I want you to fuck me again, anyway you want to.” He smiled big and then they locked their lips together again. It would have been a major understatement to say I was humiliated. I never felt so low in my life.

After about fifteen minutes they finally broke apart. Tommy went to the bathroom and Connie looked at me and said, “I know you don’t believe me, but I never expected this to happen, I’m sorry.” Tommy returned and handed her some tissue, then Connie went to clean up. Tommy said, “I’m sorry man, but I think you know that I love your wife. She should have been my girl anyway.” When they returned to the pool I tried again to push the ball with my tongue and I desperately fought against the ropes. But it was fruitless, she tied me up too tight and the ball refused to move at all.

An hour later it started to rain again. I heard the door open and they were laughing. Connie was draped over Tommy’s shoulder, being carried back to the couch across from me. He gently sat her on the couch and pushed her on her back. Then he got on his knees and began to gently kiss and massage her breasts again. Connie closed her eyes and just purred while he worked over her entire body, stroking and kissing everywhere he touched. Even though I felt like dirt, I was ashamed that I never was able to satisfy my wife like Tommy was doing. This went on for nearly twenty minutes before Connie sat up then got on her hands and knees on the couch. Tommy stood up and walked to the end of the couch, which gave me a full profile of his enormous hard on. It was at least two inches longer than mine and twice as thick. Connie smiled and asked, “Is that thing loaded?”

Tommy laughed and said, “Always.”

Connie crawled to the edge and touched the end of his dick with her tongue. Then she started to lick the end causing Tommy to put his hands in Connie’s hair. A minute later about four inches of Tommy’s dick disappeared in Connie’s mouth. She sucked on it just like she was sucking a Popsicle. After twenty minutes of sucking his dick, he pulled it out of her mouth and walked beside the couch. He gently put her on her back and climbed between her legs again. Connie asked softly, “Tommy, are you all right?” He replied, “Connie, you are the love of my life and this has been the best night of my life all ready. But now that I finally have the chance, I’m going to fuck you into another dimension. Are you ready?” She smiled back and said quietly, “Fuck me Tommy!”

For the second time in one night, I watched another man, bury his dick in my wife’s pussy. This time he lifted his legs one at a time and Connie put her legs together, clamping Tommy’s dick in her pussy. Then Tommy tucked his ankles under the back of Connie’s calves. Now their bodies were locked together. He bent down and put one arm along side of her and the other hand was on her forehead. Connie put her hands gently on his butt. He put his nose against hers and asked, “Do you feel okay?” She was nearly in tears herself when she said, “Tommy you feel fantastic. I’ve never felt what a huge dick feels like and you feel wonderful.” Then they smashed their mouths together again.

I was feeling worse and worse all the time. Before they stopped kissing, Tommy began to gently thrust his dick out and into her pussy. He was very methodical, four or five gentle thrusts, then he would gyrate some and then put gentle pressure against her pubic bone with his dick. They unlocked their mouths but then he started to kiss her gently all over her face and then her ears and neck. After about ten minutes of that Connie got in perfect rhythm with his thrusts. Her eyes were closed but she was way off in the land of ecstasy. After fifteen minutes of all this, their thrusts were becoming more rapid and when they squeezed together, her fingers were digging deeper and deeper into his butt. They had been at this for over half an hour before Connie nearly buried her fingers in Tommy’s butt holding him so tightly. Then she finally had a monstrous climax. She shook and shuddered for a full minute while Tommy continued to thrust faster and faster. When he finally shot his load it was a miracle that it didn’t blow out her back. Connie put her arms out sideways and just panted and panted. Tommy rose up a little and kissed her breasts again.

But Connie took his head and said, “Come here you.” Then they went back to chewing each other’s mouths again. When they finally disconnected their mouths from each other, Connie said, “That was by far the most wonderful, fantastic sexual experience I’ve ever had. My God Tommy, you’re wonderful.”

He said, “Connie, I told you I loved you and I’m not kidding. I’ve dreamed of doing this with you for at least six years now and I can’t believe that I’ve finally made love to the woman I love. I’m going to figure out how to get rid of my worthless wife. When I do I’d love for you to be my girl. I promise I’ll take care of you forever.”

Connie asked, “What time is she supposed to be home?”

He laughed hard. Then he said, “She said she was staying at her sister’s house tonight. I doubt if her sister is named Ted though.”

Connie said, “Get me some tissues again please.” Connie looked at me but didn’t say anything. Tommy returned and handed Connie the tissue. Then she went to clean up. Tommy started to pick up his clothes and said to me, “Please don’t blame your wife for this. You know that I should have had her instead of you.”

When Connie returned she asked Tommy, “what you doing?”

He answered, “I’m gathering up my clothes to get ready to go home.”

She said, “Honey, I can’t fuck you in the morning if you’re not here.”

I closed my eyes in disbelief that I was going to be hogtied all night long. He smiled and asked, “what about your husband?”

She answered, “He can’t get out of that. He’ll be fine right where he is. I want you against me tonight.”

Tommy said, “You won’t regret this honey, I’ll hold you tight all night. What can I do to help you get ready?”

She smiled and replied, “Just do what you need in the bathroom and climb in bed. I’ll be there as soon as I lock up the house and make sure my husband is tightly secured for the rest of the night.”

Tommy went to our bedroom and Connie checked the kitchen and locked the doors. She finished and felt the ropes around my hands and feet. She turned the light out and said, “I’m sorry about this but obviously I have to keep you bound up real tight tonight. Hope you get some sleep, and I’ll see you in the morning.”

I could hear them giggling in our bathroom but when they got in bed, the house was very quiet. I heard Tommy say, “Connie, I love you and if I had known that I could have had the girl of my dreams by tying up her husband, he would have been hogtied for the last six years.” They laughed together but she said, “Put your hand on my tit and get some sleep. I’m going to rape you tomorrow so rest up.” Then the house was dark and silent.

I still couldn’t believe this all happened to me. When I tried to look straight ahead, I realized how stupid I looked. I couldn’t see my hands or feet because they were welded together behind my back. But the ball gag was the worst. My jaws hurt from the straps being pulled so tight. My cheeks were puffed out and I couldn’t close my mouth any on the ball. So my only choice was to suffer. And suffer I did. I had to constantly wiggle my fingers and my toes. I’ve spent more than one night on the sofa but never like this. Every time I struggled against all the rope, I would cry for a little bit then swear to myself. I couldn’t believe how helpless I was. But absolutely nothing would loosen up. It seemed like a month passed by before it began to get light outside. But it was bright for a long time before I heard anything from my bedroom. Eventually I heard Connie quietly say, “good morning.” Then I heard her go to the bathroom. When she finished she told Tommy, “I need to check on my husband while you go to the bathroom. I’ll be right back.”

She stood in front of me and held up my chin. She said, “I know you had a terrible night, were you able to sleep at all?” I just moaned into the gag. Then she said, “I’ll untie you in a little while.” She turned to leave but I moaned into the gag again. She turned around and said, “I know you want me to untie you now but first I have to give Tommy the blowjob of his life, then I’m going to fuck his brains out. So it’s going to be a while yet, sorry.”

When she climbed back in bed I heard her ask Tommy, “Did you sleep okay sweetie?” He replied, “I had a dream that I held my woman all night long. So I slept great. Did your husband escape in the middle of the night?”

Connie giggled and answered, “No he’s still on the couch, gagged and hogtied nice and tight. So after you kiss my boobs for a while, I’ll have plenty of time to suck your dick and fuck you silly. Now take my bra off please.”

They actually fucked themselves silly for an hour before I heard Connie ask, “I bet you can’t get me in the shower without taking your dick out of my pussy.” He said, “oh yea.”

After another half hour passed by, they came out dressed. They went to the kitchen and Connie started some coffee. She asked, “What would you like for breakfast honey?” Then I heard them kissing some more. When that stopped Tommy said, “Just coffee baby.” Tommy walked up to my couch and smiled at me. He said, “Your wife is mine.” They sat at the dining room table and Connie asked, “What are you going to do about Becky?”

He answered, “I haven’t decided yet but I’m through being cheated on. She’s been fucking around on me since we got married. But she should be happy for me. This was the first time in my life that I had sex with a woman that cared about me.” Connie said, “thank you.” Then he continued, “how about you? What are you going to do now? Are you going to be okay when you untie him?” She said, “I’ll be fine, thanks.”

They put the cups away and walked to the door. Tommy put his hands on Connie’s waist again and said, “Connie, there is no way I can repay you for last night. Please call me for anything you need and remember I love you.” Then they mashed their mouths together again. Finally he was gone.

Connie walked up to me and unbuckled the ball gag. It popped when it came out of my mouth. She let me get my mouth working again before asking, “Are you going to do anything stupid when I untie you?”

I answered, “Connie, please get me out of this.”

She had to cut the ropes with a knife but the pain shot through my body when I was finally able to straighten out. Then I was asleep in a minute. When I woke up it was dark again. I looked in the kitchen to see that it was nearly midnight again. The house was quiet and our bedroom door was open. Connie was sound asleep so I went to our spare bathroom, took my bikini off and showered. Then I fixed something to eat and locked myself in my study. On the computer, I found a doctor in our area that specialized in sex disorders. Then I just sat on my couch and read till morning. I heard Connie getting ready for work. Before she left she tried to open my door. She said, “I know you don’t want to see me right now so just tell me that you’re all right.” I said, “I’m not all right but I’ll survive.”

When she left I called the doctor’s office and he had an opening today. I packed a bag and rented an efficiency apartment then went for my appointment. He was very kind and after a long consultation told me that I was a textbook transsexual woman. He said that with my existing figure, my transition would be easy. So I began hormones that day. I waited a week before I called Connie. When she answered I said, “It’s me, I just wanted to tell you that I’ll be using my lab and study so I can work, but only when you’re at work. I don’t want to interfere with your life until I figure out what to do.”

She said, “I understand. But I’m begging you to keep in touch. I know you don’t believe me, but I still love you, you’ve always been there when I needed you.”

For the next year I lived as a woman. I managed to go back and forth from home without seeing Connie. I had my name changed to Victoria and I was just shy of beautiful now. My hair was down past my shoulders and my legs and butt were more feminine than ever. I was in a small B-cup bra but when I have my final surgery, I’m going to get the breasts of my dreams. Finally the day of my last surgery arrived. The doctor checked me over, drew lines on my chest and said, “Vicky, honey, you’re going to look fantastic, are you ready?”

Six weeks later I was all heeled. My vagina looked like I was born female and I measured 38-24-37 inches and my beautiful, full breasts fit snugly in a 36D bra. It had been nearly a month since I talked to Connie so I decided to see if I could surprise her. I called her about five o’clock on a Friday. She answered and I said, “It’s me, sorry I haven’t called, but I’ve been kind of busy, everything all right?”

She said, “yes, and I’ve been worried, are you all right?”

I said, “I’m fine, do you have any plans tonight?”

She said, “Tommy and Becky’s brother John are coming to go swimming in a bit. Tommy finally filed for a divorce and he just wants to get away.”

I asked, “what about John, he’s a great guy. How’s he taking all that?”

She continued, “He’s hates what his sister did to Tommy and he even helped Tommy in court. Would you come over and be with us for awhile, I miss you.”

I smiled to myself and said, “I guess I can stop in for a little bit.”

I could actually hear her relief when she said, “thank you honey, I have a bottle of your favorite wine. I’ll see you in a while.”

Well this was going to be a shock for everyone, but I figured that this would be a good time for everyone to see the new me. I slipped on my sexiest white bra and panty set and adjusted my boobs. I loved my body and I still couldn’t believe how sexy I looked. Then I put on a pair of tight, black jeans. After socks and tennis shoes I put on a blue, sport shirt and buttoned it up so that no cleavage was visible. I did my hair in pigtails, finished my make up, put hoop earrings on and my dragonfly necklace. Then I hopped in my car and headed home. Tommy’s car was next to my wife’s in the driveway so I pulled behind Connie’s car. I could hear them all at the pool but I rang the doorbell and waited.

The door opened and when my smiling wife looked at me she froze and her mouth opened. I gave her about fifteen seconds before asking, “Do you recognize me?”

She exclaimed, “my God, you’re gorgeous!”

I asked, “May I come in?”

She got her wits back and said, “Yes, yes, God yes, come in.” She led me to the couch that she had me tied up on and sat us down next to each other. She said, “I asked the guys to give me a little while because it’s been so long since I’ve seen you. My God I don’t believe this.” I showed her my driver’s license with my new name and she asked, “Do you go by Vicky?” I answered, “I do, for more than a year now.” She continued, “That must be why nobody has been able to find you.” I asked, “Have you been trying to find me?” She replied, “Not really, as long as I knew you were all right. Plus I knew every time you came to use your lab. But Becky has been desperate to accuse you of trying to wreck her marriage.”

I said, “That figures. She has been cheating on Tommy for seven years but it has to be someone else’s fault.”

She smiled and pointed to my chest, then asked, “Is that really you in there?”

I smiled and unbuttoned the top four buttons, pulled my shirt open and said, “it’s all me in here and I love them.”

Connie looked at the full rise of my melons and asked, “How much further are you going to go?”

I buttoned my shirt back up and said, “I’m all done.” I put my hand on my crotch. Then I said, “All new equipment and I finally see the person in the mirror that I always wanted to see. I’m a woman legally and anatomically and with the exception of hurting you, I feel terrific.”

She kissed me and asked, “You look fantastic! Will you come swimming with us? They might as well see the new you. I’ll be lucky if they don’t drown when they see your rack!”

I laughed and said, “My old suit won’t fit me anymore.”

She smiled and said, “Yes it will. Remember your string bikini? As a matter of fact, it should fit you real good now.” I laughed and said, “why not.”

She led me into our bedroom and asked, “Will you let me see your body?” I removed my shoes and socks while she found her string bikini and sat it on our bed. I heard Tommy come to the door and ask, “Connie, everything okay?”

Connie replied, “You bet honey, we’ll be right out to go swimming. Just give us a few more minutes.” He said, “You bet sweetie.”

I asked, “Has he been good to you?” She looked down and said, “Yes he has. He’s been wonderful.”

I slid my pants off and then my shirt. I stood in front of her in my bra and panties and spun around. Then I asked, “Well, what do you think?”

She smiled and said, “Take your panties off.” I sat them on the bed and she said, “I don’t believe it. Does it work?”

I giggled and said, “The doctor said I can experience anything any woman can. It feels good down there but I haven’t had sex yet.” She handed me the bottoms and said, “Maybe we can fix that tonight.”

I pulled them up and removed my bra. Connie laughed again and asked, “Do you like them?” I exclaimed, “I love them. Touch one.”

Connie felt my tits and said, “I’m sorry I stood in your way about this.”

I said, “Honey, this was not your fault. After all this I hope I’m lucky enough to still have you in my life.” She smiled and helped me with the top. She tied it off and I held my tits and said, “I’m every woman’s fantasy, big tits and no periods.” She laughed and asked, “Are you ready?” I said, “Let’s go.”

She walked ahead of me and said at the door, “prepare yourselves gentlemen, my husband looks a little different than the last time you both saw him.”

When I stepped out they both stopped and stared. John said, “Holy shit!” Connie laughed and said, “Tommy, John, I want you to meet Vicky.” Connie pushed me into the pool and jumped in behind me.

We swam over to the guys and Tommy asked, “How do you feel?” I replied, “Like a new person.”

Everyone laughed and Connie asked, “doesn’t she look great?”

I actually had a very good time. I became more and more comfortable. When we finally got out of the pool Connie said, “Honey, Tommy is taking me out for a fancy dinner tonight. Is there any chance that you guys would come with us?” Tommy said, “We would like that very much.”

I said, “John probably wouldn’t want to take me to dinner.” But to my surprise, he stood in front of me and said, “Vicky, the past is the past. For the last two hours I’ve been staring at the most beautiful girl I’ve ever seen. I would love to take you to dinner with Tommy and Connie.”

I blushed and said, “thank you, I’d love to.”

Connie smiled big and said, “Super, why don’t we all go home to clean up and get dressed, then meet back here, say about seven thirty?”

I felt great when I got home. I showered and did my hair. I wear my hair parted in the middle and even though it’s long now I still curl it around my face. I put the same bra on with clean panties and then some nude pantyhose. Then I did my nails and make up and decided on my short, black leather skirt and a short sleeved, burned orange pull over that displayed a bunch of cleavage and the full rise of my boobs. Last, I put on my black, high heels with ankles straps and checked the mirror one last time before heading back to my house. I was excited as hell about having a date and I was lucky that even though John was Becky’s brother, he was a super guy.

Tommy was there when I arrived and he was breathless when he saw me. Connie was in her sexiest dress and heels but even she smiled big when she saw me. John arrived five minutes later and he just stared at me. Then he smiled and said, “I’d love to trade places with your dragonfly Vicky.”

We decided to take two cars. Tommy took Connie in his car and I rode with John. He gave me nothing but compliments all the way to the restaurant. We all had a fabulous dinner and all we talked about was fun things that we like to do. Not one word of divorces or fights or anything bad came up all night. In short, it was a wonderful evening. It also pleased the guys that every man that saw us, stared at us.

In the parking lot Connie said, “We’ll meet you at my house.”

John asked me, “Vicky, would you mind if we stopped at my house and grabbed some wine?” I said, “No problem.”

But Connie smiled big and said, “you guys take your time.”

We continued laughing and talking about good things all the way to John’s house. He opened the door, and led me in. We sat down and he asked, “Before we go any further I want to tell you something.” I prayed that he wasn’t having second thoughts about being with me. I said, “Sure.” He said, “I’ve known you for a long time so I want to tell you right now, that tonight was the most I’ve ever enjoyed being with a woman.” I was relieved beyond belief but he continued, “Vicky I want to kiss you.” I was nervous but excited when I said, “I’d like that.”

He smiled and scooted up to me, put his hands on my shoulders and pressed his lips against mine. When I stuck my tongue in his mouth, he met it with his and I nearly melted in the chair. The harder he kissed me the harder I kissed back. We separated after about sixty seconds and smiled at each other. I said, “thank you.” He looked at me again and repeated, “Vicky, I want to kiss you.”

I smiled back and removed his tie and undid the top button on his shirt. Then I attacked him. I wrapped my arms around his neck and plastered my mouth against his. I pushed him down on his back and we passionately chewed each other’s mouths. My new vagina was all ready moist. I couldn’t believe how good this felt. When I mashed my tits against his chest he put his arms around my waist while we continued to work our mouths. I stayed on top of him when we broke apart for air. I smiled big when he stared at the deep groove that disappeared down my top and asked, “Do you like big tits?”

He laughed and said, “Any man that says they never dreamed about being with a woman with big breasts is a liar, and yours are beautiful.”

I sat up, smiled and removed my top. His eyes were nearly coming out of his head when he slid out from under me. He stood up, removed his jacket and shirt then he scooped me up in his arms and carried me to his bedroom. He sat me gently on the bed, and removed both his and my shoes. He slipped my skirt off then my pantyhose. Then he gently began caressing my boobs. Even with my bra still on, this was driving me wild. He stroked my belly while he kissed my tits and after ten minutes I softly said, “Take my bra off honey.” He rolled me over and continued to kiss my back and shoulder while he unfastened the two hooks. When my bra came off he gently sucked on my nipples and put as much of my beast in his mouth as he could. I had my arms around his neck and I couldn’t get over how great all this felt. It felt so good I had to work not to have an orgasm right now. But finally John sat up and looked at me seriously. Then he asked, “Vicky, all you have to do is say no, but if I promise to stop if anything goes wrong, I want to make love to you.”

I looked back and said softly, “Stick me John.” His dick was almost the same size as Tommy’s was. He removed my panties and climbed back between my legs. When he rubbed my thighs I shivered, but I pushed my boobs apart and watched him poke the tip of his dick in my pussy. He stopped and asked, “Vicky, are you all right?”

I was nearly in tears it felt so good but managed to say, “John this feels wonderful, push it in!” I fulfilled a life long dream when I watched and felt his dick go all the way in my pussy. He lifted his legs one at a time and I clamped his dick in me tightly. He put his forearms under my shoulders and said, “Vicky, you feel terrific.” I closed my eyes and said, “Fuck me John.” He put his knees beside my hips and put my face between his hands and we locked our mouths together again. He began to thrust his dick out and in my pussy real gently. But the second time he put pressure against my clit I had an enormous climax. I shook like a leaf and moaned, “my God John, this is too good to be true, you feel terrific. Please don’t stop.”

He humped me a little faster but in just a short minute he blasted off in my pussy. He looked at me when we stopped panting and asked, “Please be honest honey. Are you all right?”

I laughed and exclaimed, “I’m just fine honey. I think I just got laid! Now come here.” I pulled his mouth against mine and kissed him as hard as I could for two minutes.

When we separated he cleaned up and brought me some tissue. I put my bra and panties back on and when he returned, he had two glasses of wine. He handed me one and sat beside me. He asked, “Do you have any regrets about this?” I answered, “John, I’m the same person I always was but now my brain and my body match. I should have been born this way. I’m more worried about you, do you have any regrets?”

He said, “Will you spend the night here with me?”

Now I really felt good, so I replied, “Only if you keep me next to you.”

We finished the wine and John locked up his house. Then he pulled the covers back and we climbed in bed. We kissed again and I rolled on my side feeling like I’ve never felt in my life. John slid up to my back and put his hand on my hip and said, “thank you for this.” Then he kissed my back. I took his hand and put it on my breast and said, “Sleep tight honey and thank you very much.”

I slept like a stone. It was bright when I opened my eyes and I smiled when I felt John’s body still tightly against mine with his hand still on my boob. I thought to myself, ‘why wasn’t I born this way?’ I squeezed his hand and he kissed my neck and asked, “Did you sleep all right honey?” I rolled over on top of his chest and mashed my lips against his and kissed him hard again. Then I replied, “yes I did, how about you?”

He smiled and answered, “I had a dream in which I held a gorgeous woman in my arms all night and when I woke up I had one of her breasts in my hand. Yea, I slept great.”

After we laughed and kissed again I went to the bathroom and when I slipped back in bed he went next. He slid back in beside me and I asked, “Would you mind if I fucked your brains out this morning?”

He smiled and looked at his watch and said, “Only if you have time after I play with your tits.”

I rolled on my belly and he unhooked my bra. I tossed it aside and climbed back on his chest and mashed them in his face. He was just as gentle as he was last night but man did I love having him play with my boobs. After twenty minutes I rose up and turned around and saw his dick, pointing straight up, hard as a brick. For the first time in my life I had a dick in my hand that wasn’t mine. I stroked it a few times but couldn’t resist sticking it in my mouth. I straddled his face and when he took my panties off he kissed my vagina. Between him licking my pussy and me sucking his dick as fast as I could, I had to stop before we both shot off. I got off and turned around again.

When I climbed back on his belly, he rolled us over putting me on the bottom again. But I loved it. In a few seconds his dick slipped back in my pussy all the way. I was in bliss again. I clamped his dick in me again when he raised his legs but this time he asked, “Bend your knees honey.” When I complied he tucked his legs under my thighs and locked our bodies together. Then he took my face in his hands again and said, “That’s so you don’t try to get away from me.” I put my hands on his butt and said, “I don’t think I’ll ever want to get away from you.”

He fucked my brains out for twenty minutes giving me another enormous climax. I thought I was going to break his dick off in me before he shot off. Then we had each other’s mouths again. I refused to let him take his dick out of me so we just kissed and he played with my tits some more. His dick was still buried in my pussy when the phone rang. John looked up and said to no one, “who the hell could that be?” He picked up the receiver and said, “Hello? Oh hi Connie. Yes, everything is fine, I just forgot to call, sorry. Yea she’s right here, want to talk to her? You bet, here you go.” He smiled and handed me the phone. I said, “Hello?”

Connie laughed and asked, “Is everything okay?” I laughed and said, “Things couldn’t be better.”

Connie continued, “Are you guys coming over for our cook out this afternoon?” I said, “You bet, I’m stuck right now but we’ll be there.”

John laughed out loud and Connie asked, “What’s so funny? Oh! You’re stuck I get it. I bet I know what you guys just did; we’ll see you guys soon, bye.”

We laughed and kissed some more then we got dressed and had some coffee. John stuck some jeans and a shirt on then took me to my apartment so I could change. I put my hair back in pigtails and touched up my make up. Then I threw on my white socks and running shoes followed by some white, short-shorts and a yellow, sleeveless pull over. The T-shirt exposed my belly button and my dragonfly was resting between my boobs. John smiled big when I said I was ready, grabbed my waist and we kissed again for two minutes.

We rang the bell and Tommy let us in laughing. He said, “Look at those two shit eating grins Connie. I bet I know what they did all night long.” Then Tommy and John shook hands and sat down. Connie asked me in the kitchen, “Tell me honey, did everything work okay?” I blushed and said, “Connie, John was absolutely terrific. He was careful, gentle and he drove me to the moon. Everything works perfectly. I pray that he doesn’t have any regrets about this.”

Connie said, “I don’t think you have anything to worry about honey, Tommy and I said last night that we’ve never seen him so relaxed and happy with anyone.”

We sat down for dinner and after we started to eat Tommy asked, “hey Bro, what do you think your sister would say if she knew what we did last night?” We all broke out laughing and John said, “I don’t know but I’m sure she would be in for a head gasket replacement tomorrow.” We all laughed again.

After another fabulous day we talked about tomorrow. Connie said, “Vicky, remember this is your house too. I wish you would move back here.”

I said, “Well, my lease is up next Friday, and all I have are my clothes. I guess I can fix up the extra bedroom until we get everything settled.”

Connie asked, “Can you come tomorrow?” John said, “I’ll be happy to help you carry your things.”

So it was settled, I walked to the car with John and I said, “I can’t begin to tell you how much I appreciate all this.”

He smiled and asked, “Can I kiss you?” I grabbed him again and we hammered our mouths together. When we disconnected he asked, “Can I help you pack?” I answered, “Yes sir, I’d love it.”

When he left, Tommy and Connie walked up to my car and Tommy said, “he needed that and Vicky, my sorry ass wife treats him nearly as bad as she treats me and I know you know that he’s a great guy. Thank you from me and Connie.”

The next seven months were the best of my life. I was afraid to say it but I was in love with John now. We spent nearly every day together. We went fishing together, played golf together, went to sporting events and concerts together. And our sex life was beyond belief. Connie and I never got along better either. The courts annulled our marriage so we started out fresh. The only hang up was that Becky was giving Tommy a hard time in their divorce. I didn’t understand why the court could make it such a pain when he never did anything wrong. But Connie and Tommy continued to grow closer and closer, which made me feel good.

John asked me to a special dinner on the night of our eighth, month anniversary. I wore a new, white sexy cocktail dress with red roses on it and a sash at the waist. Lots of cleavage and new heels finished the attire because I wanted to look my best for my man. He took me to a super romantic restaurant that I had never seen before. The food was great and as usual, he showed me another fabulous evening. I thought we were going to leave but he looked at me real seriously and said, “Vicky, I have to talk to you about something.”

I grew scared immediately, praying that he wasn’t worried about our relationship. Nervously I said, “Certainly honey.”

He took my hand and said, “Vicky, I’m just going to come right out and tell you this. I love you!”

I couldn’t talk I was so relieved. He got up, came to my side and slid against me. He said, “Vicky, I love you. I’ve been in love with you for six months now and I was afraid to tell you.”

I kissed him lightly and said, “John, I love you too.”

His face lit up and he pulled a box from his jacket pocket. He opened it in front of me and said, “I want to be your husband.”

When I saw the ring my mouth opened. I looked at him then back at the engagement ring but I still couldn’t speak. Then he asked, “Vicky, will you marry me?”

I was shaking but asked, “Will you put it on my finger for me?” He removed it from the case, pulled my hand to him and slipped the most beautiful ring in the world on my finger and asked again, “Victoria Lynn, will you be my wife?” I threw my arms around his neck and said, “Yes I will!” Then I planted my mouth against his and while we kissed, we received a huge round of applause from all the people around us. I felt fabulous and when we broke apart everyone near us congratulated us and the restaurant even gave us a free bottle of champagne. I was so happy I couldn’t stand myself.

When we got back to his house, I barely let him get the door closed before I was on top of him on the floor. We wrestled around laughing like grade school kids and I loved it. He finally got me in the bedroom and in less than a minute we were naked. I rolled on top of him and stuffed my tits in his face and said, “Take that! You belong to me now!” I absolutely loved it when he played with my breasts. But I was about to explode so I rose up and stuck his dick in my pussy and straddled his hips. I stuck my feet under his thighs and locked him against me. I said, “That’s so you can’t get away from me.”

He laughed and said, “I love you Vicky, and I’m never going to leave your side.”

I fucked him as hard as I could for twenty minutes before we climaxed at the same time. Then we locked our lips together again and he squeezed me real tight. He smiled and said, “I can’t tell you how great you make me feel honey, and I’m going to take care of you as long as we live, I promise.”

When we got in bed I asked, “Honey, what are you going to tell your sister?”

He said, “All she needs to know is that I’ve finally found the girl of my dreams and we are getting married.”

We kissed hard again and when I rolled on my side, he slid up against me, slipped his leg between mine and put his hand on one of my breasts. I felt like a million bucks. I still felt wonderful when I woke up with John still holding me. After we had another round of torrential sex, we got dressed and headed to Connie’s house. I wanted to see how long it would take her to spot my ring. Connie let us in smiling and Tommy pulled John in and asked him how the evening went. Connie heard him answer, “I got my woman last night. I feel terrific.”

Connie smiled big when she looked at my finger and said, “Congratulations sweetie.” Then we hugged.

I loved Connie more now than I ever did.
