---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Didn’t Bank on This!
authors:
- Master_Ties
tags:
- Sbf
- corset
- gag
- cuffs
- caught
- hum
- F-f
- bond
- toys
- oral
- insert
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2003-10-06 00:00:00
---

It had been an awful week for Kim, she had deadlines that didn’t get
met, people she just didn’t have the time to see and overall it was a rotten
week that didn’t go her way.  It was finally Friday and she was going
to take the weekend to be by herself.  She turned off her cell phone,
shut off the home phone and even went as far as to unhook the doorbell
so nobody would bother her.  She wanted the weekend to relax and be
all by herself.  She parked her car in the garage and made sure the
door was down so anyone coming by would think she wasn’t at home and just
leave her to a peaceful weekend alone.

Kim was a beautiful 38 year old woman and very attractive for her age. 
She had honey blonde hair that when straight went down to the small of
her back, but when curled and done up it was just about shoulder blade
length.  She had a pair of ice blue eyes that could definitely make
you look twice to make sure you weren’t dreaming.  Kim worked out
a lot when the time allowed and ate correctly which is why her body was
trim and very attractive as well.  She had size 34c breasts a very
narrow and tanned 22 inch waist and her hips were a very slender 32 inches
and had not showed that she had a child from a previous marriage. 
She was an account executive for a major bank and made very good money
but there was something missing from her life and she just couldn’t put
her finger on it.  She had the nice big house to herself in a very
quiet upscale neighborhood, the Mercedes in the garage, every possible
furnishing in the house anyone could dream of but still she felt incomplete.

Kim had dated a few times after the divorce and she knew what she wanted
and when the man she was dating didn’t fit the profile she booted him to
the curb quick and didn’t ever date any of her co-workers or brokers that
she worked with.  She had a longing for a wild person in her life
that could explore with her and teach her things she always wanted to learn.

Kim started her weekend alone by taking off her professional garb, the
heels, stockings, skirt and blouse and slipped into a nice hot bath in
her oversized tub.  She had lit the aromatherapy candles had some
soft music playing while she soaked and tried to forget the unbelievable
bad luck she had had this week.  As she soaked she wondered what she
could do to make herself get back into the groove and have a better week
next week.  She finally realized that it wasn’t her fault things went
badly it was just some rotten luck that everyone has every once and awhile
and decided to let it go and just relax this weekend.

After soaking in her relaxing bath for over an hour she climbed out
and let her hair back down, dried off and slipped into her satin robe and
went out to get something to eat from the kitchen.  Her home was huge
but she liked the way it gave her a sense of accomplishment seeing everything
she had bought with her hard work and didn’t really owe anyone anything
it was all hers and she loved it.  This also gave her the peace of
mind of knowing she was due for some bad luck when she has had so much
good luck in the past.   Finally in the kitchen she choose to
eat light tonight so she grabbed a bag of pre-made salad out and poured
some in a bowl and added a lot of salad dressing.  She kind of chuckled
when she had said to herself that she always went overboard with some of
her needs.  Kim returned to her living room and sat on the couch and
ate her salad while flipping through the channels on TV.  There was
nothing worth watching on television so she shut it off and just enjoyed
the silence as she finished up her salad.  After finishing her light
meal she returned to the kitchen and rinsed out her bowl and put it in
the dishwasher, poured herself a small glass of wine and returned into
the living room and sat at her computer.

She logged on and went searching for what she didn’t know but an adult
pop up that we always hate to get showed her something she hadn’t thought
of in a long while.  It was a pop up for a bondage site, now she had
played with some ex’s with light bondage but these pics were seriously
different.  The girls were tied really tight and gagged and even blindfolded
in some cases.  She went ahead and clicked on the link and went to
the site to see what there was to see.

Once there she saw more of the tight gags and ropes, woman suspended
in extremely tight ties and thought to herself why on earth would anyone
let themselves be subjected to something like that.  Then she caught
a section that was marked “Self bondage stories and pictures”.  Intrigued
by the idea she clicked on it and began reading the stories and looking
at some of the pictures that went with them.  She couldn’t believe
that people actually got off by tying themselves up and enjoying the helplessness. 
She thought to herself there is no way anyone could possibly tie themselves
up and enjoy it because you would know that you could get loose. 
Then she read a story about a woman that got caught by her friend and was
kept tied up all weekend long and thought now that I could understand would
excite me more I’m thinking.

She continued reading some and looked at her watch and it was close
to midnight, so she decided to try to get some sleep and continue this
weekend of relaxation when she woke up in the morning.  She made her
way to the bedroom to her oversized bed with the overstuffed mattress and
down comforter and sat on the edge of the bed and thought as she took off
her robe.  You know that was kind of exciting and yes the release
was right there but with her getting caught she couldn’t release herself
and I can see where that would be exciting the possibility of getting caught
would make it more exciting I guess.  She went to sleep with those
thoughts in her head and after a couple of minutes of getting comfortable
she fell off to sleep.

The next morning she couldn’t believe she had woken up so early, it
was 8 am and she so wanted to sleep some more but just tossed and turned
in the bed and finally gave in and got up and went in and took her shower. 
She returned to the bedroom got her satin robe on and went and made some
coffee and sat back down at her computer.  She hadn’t shut it down
so it was still on those bondage stories and she decided that she would
read a few more and look a few more pictures and see how they worked out.
She finished her pot of coffee and couldn’t believe it when she looked
up at the clock and it was already noon.  But she had gotten so into
one of the stories she just couldn’t step away from it.  She went
to her room and got on a pair of her thigh high stockings, a pair or her
high-heeled shoes that strapped around her ankle.  She looked in the
mirror and thought about what she might look like all tied up and helpless. 
She pulled her arms behind her back and mock struggled some but it wasn’t
the same.  She decided to get one of her scarves out of the drawer
and tie it in her mouth like she had read the other girl had done and put
her arms behind her back again and actually got turned on by the thought
of being helpless and she couldn’t believe it.  She just had to try
this out for herself.  She finished getting dressed in her white silk
blouse and pulled on a short leather mini skirt that showed off her sexy
tanned legs and decided to head out to see if she could get some stuff
to make herself like the girl in the story.

She headed out to the garage and climbed into her cream colored Mercedes
and hit the garage door opener and started to back out when she saw her
co worker Susan and fellow account executive sitting in the drive way. 
She climbed out and told her that she had some stuff to do quickly and
to come back later and they could talk about what ever brought Susan over. 
Susan agreed and backed out and Kim quickly followed her out of the neighborhood
and went in opposite directions when they hit the freeway.

Once on the freeway Kim had to keep herself from daydreaming about being
tied up as she drove or she found herself driving all over the road. 
She decided that the first place she would head was her local department
store to pick up some rope and some other things and then head to the adult
bookstore to pick up what she could find there.  Once at the department
store she went to hardware and looked around and found some rope and threw
that in the cart. She had also read about electrical zip ties that could
be used so she grabbed a few packages of those making sure they were really
long for any use she might want for later.  She headed over and got
a few locks and threw them into the basket and last but not least a roll
of duct tape.  Keeping a straight face at the check out was not easy
when the clerk commented that she must have been going to do some small
home improvements today.  She just smiled as best she could and said
yes it was time to get those cords behind the entertainment center put
together a little better and wanted to put up a clothes line out back to
dry her clothes on.  If she would have known that a clothes line would
have gotten a five minute conversation out of a elderly clerk she wouldn’t
have said it but she just tried to hurry him along by paying and looking
like she had a lot of other things to do.  He finally gave her change
back to her and bagged up her goodies and she headed out the door. 
God if that little old man had any idea what I was going to do with this
stuff he would have himself a massive heart attack she thought.  She
almost ran out of the store and got to her car quick and let herself have
a little laugh as the car fired up and the air conditioning kicked on. 
Now where is the nearest adult book store she thought.

She only had to drive about three blocks to the bookstore she had in
mind.  She got out and locked the car and headed into the store feeling
a little uneasy about going in.  She had never gone into a place like
this before and wondered what people passing by might think.  She
talked herself into going inside and instantly became relaxed when she
saw the female clerk behind the counter that smiled at her when she walked
in the door.  The place seemed empty, not like she thought it would
be a bunch of old perverts running around drooling over the pictures of
naked woman and stuff.  She walked around a bit and when she didn’t
find the bondage stuff anywhere, she went and asked the clerk if they had
anything like that because she was buying a gag gift for a girlfriend that
was getting married.  The lady behind the counter chuckled and pointed
her to the end of the counter in a corner where she didn’t think to look
was all the bondage stuff she might need.

She found gags, cuffs, clamps, books and movies all to do with bondage. 
She quickly chose a pair of steel cuffs and it was then that she saw the
gags that were available.  She couldn’t believe her eyes there were
all kinds of different ones and she just couldn’t figure them all out. 
There were balls, bits, rings, ones that look like penises, some were head
harnesses some weren’t, some locked, most didn’t.  She even saw a
couple that she could lace into a collar if she wanted to spend that much
money.  The lady at the counter came over and asked if there was something
she could do to help.  Not knowing anything about this stuff she wanted
something comfortable but would still keep her “friend” quiet, very quiet. 
The clerk pointed to a head harness gag that had a ball on it.  She
also said that there is a panel that goes over the ball to keep her really
quiet above what the ball will do and it wont come off without the use
of the hands and I see you have solved the hands problem she mentioned
while pointing to the cuffs in Kim’s hands.  Kim just smiled and said
that every household in America probably owns at least one set of them
as she grabbed the gag off the wall.  She moved over to the counter
and pulled out her card and made the purchase thinking she was probably
as red as a fire engine paying for it.  Kim again almost ran out of
the store to the safety of her car and started it up and sped out of the
drive and headed for her house.

Once a comfortable distance from the store Kim relaxed slowed down a
bit and allowed herself to begin thinking about tonight’s adventure, how
she should do it, when should she start, when would it end and finally
would she have what the story said was the earth shattering, mind numbing
orgasm she had always dreamed about having.

The drive didn’t take as long to get home as it did to do the other
running around she had done.  She found herself pulling onto her street
and hitting the remote for the garage door opener and without slowing much
pulled into her garage and hit the door opener again and gathered her things
and headed into the house to put them away unless someone came by. 
Kim ran into her bedroom, tossed the sacks on the bed, and went out into
the kitchen and grabbed herself a glass of wine and sat back on the couch. 
She slowly sipped her wine and flipped through the channels of the television
watching a few shows here and there but not really paying much attention
to them.

It was about 7:30 in the evening when she decided that she would print
out the story and do as the girl in it had done and see if she could have
the same type of orgasm as she did when she tied herself up.  Kim
went into her room and took off the blouse and skirt but left the heels
and hose on.  She grabbed her purchases off the bed and went back
into the living room.  She went to the kitchen grabbed herself another
glass of wine and the scissors for possible use later and the butchers
twin from the drawer.  Kim headed back out into the living room with
the story printed from her computer sitting on the coffee table she began
to set everything up.  She tied the key to her new cuffs and the locks
she was going to use to the scissors.  She cut the rope she had bought
into four equal lengths and then cut one of those in half yet again.

With all her preparations finally finished she thought there is nothing
left to do but go ahead and tie herself up then.  She finished her
glass of wine, and set the glass on the coffee table.  She grabbed
one of long lengths of rope and began tying her ankles together with a
long lead left from the final knot.  She then tied two more pieces
of rope around each thigh leaving enough room for her to slip her arms
through.  Then she tied the cuffs to the end of the rope from her
ankles and sat back on the couch.  She was wondering if she could
actually do this, the author had said it was going to be difficult to get
out of and into but it has such a fantastic reward if she does it. 
Deciding she wants this, she ties one of the short pieces or rope around
her midriff but not too tightly remembering this has to be enjoyable. 
She lays the keys and scissors on the floor near where she will be. 
Kim grabs her gag and buckles it on semi tight and tests it to see if she
can spit out the ball.  Without being able to she decides to tighten
the panel over the ball a little tighter forcing the ball into her mouth
a little more.  She then moves over near the scissors and keys and
squats over, bending her knees and almost sitting on her heels.  She
grabs the cuffs and runs the rope over the front of the rope around her
waist, through her already damp vagina, over her clit, and back around
back to part her butt cheeks and over the waist rope and lets it set against
her back.

Finally she grabs her blindfold and puts it over her eyes after checking
where the keys and scissors are and tightens buckles it in place. 
Kim now knows its now or never so she slides her arms through the ropes
on her thighs and reaches around behind her and grabs the cuffs and quickly
finishing off her helplessness.  She wiggles her arms and struggles
very little finding every move she makes pulls on the rope in her crotch. 
Kim began to feel an orgasm building rather quickly when she thinks she
hears a noise.  She had read how when you’re blindfolded your mind
tries to play tricks on you so she ignored it for now.  She kept wiggling
and enjoying when she hears a knock on the front door. “Kim its Susan you
told me to come back are you home?”  Oh god Kim thought what did I
do to myself? She tried to reach for the keys and scissors with her hands
but when she tries to move her hands down it pulls on the crotch rope and
doesn’t let her reach them.  About that time she remembers that Susan
has a key to the house and might let herself in if she hears her. 
She slowly tries to reach the keys but her hands just won't reach she would
have to fall onto the ground to get to them but she knows that is going
to hurt a bit and make noise she doesn’t want to make that might attract
Susan.  About that time she hears the keys in the lock and she is
mortified.

Susan opens the door and walks in and saw Kim tied very tightly on the
floor in a squatting position and rushes over to her friend and looks around
quickly.  She sees the sight on the computer and the scissors on the
ground with the keys and smiles fiendishly.  She removes Kim’s blindfold
and asks her if she had done this to herself.  Kim, embarrassed nods
yes, and begins wiggling more reaching for the keys.  Before Kim could
reach them Susan reached down and grabbed them quickly and sets them on
the dining room table and walks back over to Kim and stands over her tied
and helpless new captive.

Kim furious gives Susan a let me go look over her gag, but all she gets
back is a fiendish smile from Susan as she walks past her and sits down
on her couch seeing the story sitting on the coffee table.  Susan
picks the story up and begins reading it and making comments to Kim as
struggles to finish the story because now Kim begins wiggling more trying
to get herself loose to no avail.  Susan then moves back in front
of Kim and stands over her and begins removing her gag to allow her to
speak.  Kim instantly spit out the gag when she could and began telling
Susan to let her loose, that it wasn’t funny and she needed to get out
of this soon.  Susan just smiled at Kim and stood over her.

Susan was not a slouch herself. She was a strikingly good-looking dirty
blonde woman herself.  She was taller then Kim by a couple of inches
but had very similar body measurements and also wore her stockings and
heels everywhere she went.  Today she was wearing a short leather
mini skirt and a black satin blouse with a black leather bra on underneath. 
Susan’s hair was shorter then Kim’s was.  Hers only came to her shoulders
and was always styled and looked good on her tall frame.

Kim continued telling Susan it wasn’t funny and that she took her only
way to get loose away from her and she needed to let her go, when Susan
grabbed Kim’s blonde hair in her hand and pulled her head into Susan’s crotch
and tells her that she will eat her out.  Kim franticly shakes her
head from side to side to tell Susan no but then she tells her the words
she didn’t want to hear, that if she didn’t then Susan was going to leave
her tied up and not give her the keys to get loose if she doesn’t do what
she is told.  Kim had never done anything like that but knew what
she liked and wanted so she began licking and nibbling on Susan’s sex quickly
bringing her to a knee shaking orgasm.  Susan dropped to her knees
and looked into Kim’s eyes and tells her that she is also into bondage
as well and she has a couple of ideas of her own and will be back after
she runs home and gets her equipment and will return.

Quickly she shoves the ball back into Kim’s mouth and tightens the gag
onto Kim’s head and replaces the blindfold and locks her gag onto her head. 
Susan stands up and whispers into her ear that she will promise to return
and when she does she will make sure that they both understand how good
bondage can really be when you have somebody else to play with.

Kim began wiggling franticly shaking her head no repeatedly but when
she heard the front door close she knew that she was stuck waiting for
her coworker to return to let her loose, if in fact she was going to free
her.  Kim knew that too much struggling would cause her to fall over
and make her even more helpless then she already was so she began to tug
on the crotch rope and had a mind shaking orgasm not knowing what was in
store for her when Susan returned.  After what seemed like hours but
was probably actually only about 30 minutes and 3 strong orgasms later
Kim heard the door open again and heard Susan’s voice tell her she had
returned to help her out.

Susan dragged in a trunk and noticed the small puddle under Kim and
made a comment to her about enjoying things while she was gone.  Susan
took off the blindfold and laid Kim on her side and told her that she was
going to go get changed and would be back as quickly as she can. 
Kim began struggling and didn’t want to stay tied up she wanted loose and
wanted a chance to get even with Susan for leaving her tied up, gagged
and blindfolded while she went to get her stuff.  About the time she
didn’t think she could stay tied any more. Susan came out wearing a leather
boned corset, black heels and stockings, a collar on her neck that was
locked on but that was nothing compared to what was covering her crotch. 
Susan had put on a double-sided dildo and was wearing some harness that
allowed her to have half in her and the other part sticking out pointing
at the helpless Kim.

Susan told Kim that she also has done some self-bondage herself and
didn’t know that she was also into it.  Kim being gagged couldn’t
really say she was just trying it but she has been enjoying it a lot with
what she has experienced so far.  Susan told her that she has had
a fantasy that she has wanted to live out for a very, very long time and
this was going to be the opportunity to live it out.  Susan went to
her box and pulled some things out and began setting things up.  First
she rolled Kim onto her shins making her sex accessible.  Then she
grabbed two pairs of handcuffs out of the box and ratcheted them shut on
her ankles one pair per ankle.  She then grabbed some rope out and
moved over to where Kim was positioned.  Susan showed Kim the keys
and scissors and then threw them across the room and told her that they
needed to get over there to get loose.  She then locked her cuffs
around her ankles to Kim’s bound ankles.  She slowly moved the crotch
rope out and untied it from the handcuffs and pulled it through her legs
and ties it to the ring on the back of her collar.  She then takes
more rope and begins tying her thighs to Kim’s thighs and tells Kim that
she will be the eyes but not be able to talk to her and she will be both
blindfolded and gagged and can only help her move across the floor.

Susan then reached down and wrapped Kim’s hair into a pony tail and
then braided her hair with the rope and tied it off near the end of Kim’s
long hair and then ties the left over rope to the rings on either side
of her collar pulling Kim’s head back and Susan’s body into hers. 
She then takes out her own head harness and lays it on Kim’s back and puts
on her own blindfold and buckles it on tight.  Susan then applies
her own head harness ball gag on and buckles and locks it on tight. 
With only one thing left her cuffing her hands behind her back she moans
through the gag if Kim can see the keys to let them both loose.  Kim
pulls on her head in a yes motion and notices it turns her on more having
her hair pulled and her friends dildo pulled in deeper when she moved her
head like that.

With a positive answer from Kim, Susan reaches behind her and finds
her cuffs she had tied to the rope from the girls crotches in the middle
of her back and slowly and carefully begins cuffing her hands high onto
her back, making her has helpless as her friend impaled on the dildo in
front of her.  Once the final cuff was ratcheted on tight Susan bucked
forward to let Kim know she could start moving toward the keys so they
could both get free and enjoy Susan’s fantasy to the fullest.

Kim enjoyed the full feeling she was getting by the dildo attached to
Susan’s crotch and she thought she would try to get even with her friend
for leaving her helpless while she went to get her equipment.  Kim
with her cuffed hands behind her started reaching back toward the crotch
of her friend and found that the leather panel that was holding the dildo
onto her friend also blocked her being able to reach behind her and rub
her friends clit while they struggled to the keys across the room. 
She then had a thought if she could get her fingers around the edge of
the panel she might be able to get her finger onto her friends clit and
work it so that her friend could have a couple of orgasms.  She worked
her hand down and grabbed a hold of the panel and pulled it out with her
right and used her left fingers to try to probe behind the panel and find
her love button hidden underneath.

Susan now realizing what her friend was trying to do began bucking back
and forth causing both girls to have their respective ends of their dildo
slide in and out of their soaking wet pussies.  But try as she may
Susan couldn’t stop her friend from finding her love button and she began
squeezing it between two fingers, which brought them both to a rapid pair
of orgasms.  Both girls finally relieved concentrated on getting to
the keys, but it was very slow going.  With Kim’s arms and legs tied
like they were and Susan’s tied to hers the slowly made their way over
toward the keys.

The trek was long and rewarding, both girls had multiple orgasms and
were enjoying their game.  Kim on the other hand had been tied up
for a very long time and was growing weary and wanted to get to the keys
and get loose as soon as possible, Susan not being as tired but tied more
strictly was also growing sore and wanted to get loose and began bucking
Kim on to keep her moving.  Once, they had to slow down, because during
a matching orgasm the girls almost tipped themselves over and would have
made getting loose almost impossible with neither being able to help the
other move or get to the keys.

Finally within two feet of the keys, Kim wanted to make sure she got
the keys so that she could return the evil deeds done to her by her friend,
decided to tip the pair over and reach for the keys.  What she didn’t
expect was that Susan would come down as well and landed on top of the
keys and all Susan’s wiggling she couldn’t get the keys into her hands
and the pairs wiggling brought them both to yet another orgasm together. 
With the situation at had Kim tried to pull her hands up and grab the keys
from under her friend but every time she did her friend would straighten
up her back and pull Kim’s hair back and keep the keys from her reach. 
Kim finally wiggling enough to get Susan’s attention that she could get
the keys reached over and grabbed them and pulled her hands to the side
slightly so she could see the key holes and began releasing herself.

Leaving her friend tied to her back she stretched out finally and gave
her back and legs a break letting them move back to their fully extended
position.  Her mind was racing trying to think of what she could do
to her bound and helpless friend when Susan nuzzled her head into Kim’s
neck and began moaning into her gag acting like she wanted to get loose
now.  Kim reached behind her friends collar and untied her hair from
her friends collar and then untied her crotch rope from between her legs
but didn’t let it slip away she held onto it and reached behind her friends
head and tied the rope so she friend couldn’t drop her hands they would
stay high on her back.

When satisfied she could get herself loose she grabbed her friend’s
head and whispered in her ear that she was going to get her back for leaving
her tied and helpless while she went to get her belongings.  Knowing
that Susan would begin struggling she just relaxed and let the struggles
of her friend bring her to yet another orgasm and then slowly reached down
and uncuffed her friend from her ankles and locked her friends ankles together
with both pairs of hand cuffs on her ankles.

Finally totally released from her friend she removes the dildo from
her and wiggles away from her friend and removes her gag and unties her
ankles and tosses her bindings aside and rolls back over by Susan. 
Taking that rope left over from her crotch she pulls her friends ankles
toward her hands high on her back and ties her ankles into a hogtied position
pulling her into a extreme bowed position and tells her she is not the
helpless one and the keys will be on the dining room table out of reach
while she goes and takes a nice relaxing bath and enjoy a glass of wine. 
This causes Susan to begin struggling vigorously not wanting to stay tied
in such an extreme position.

Kim slowly makes her way to her feet and wobbles into her bedroom and
removes her stockings and heels and grabs her robe and heads into the bathroom
and draws a bath.  She relieves herself and climbs in slowly allowing
her sore aching body to enjoy every inch of the warm water that swallows
her up as she lowers herself into the tub.  Knowing her friend is
out in the other room struggling she couldn’t enjoy the bath as much as
she wanted to but she had ideas for her now helpless friend.

Climbing out of the tub Kim dries off her tired sore body and walks
into her room and begins plotting her payback ideas and begins pulling
clothes out of the closet and laying them on the bed.  First her leather
mini skirt, under it she puts on her black thigh high stockings and garter. 
She puts on a leather bra and her one time purchase a pair of thigh high
boots a boyfriend of hers wanted her to wear for him once and slides them
onto her legs and checks herself in the mirror and is impressed at how
wicked she looks being dressed like she is.

Retuning into the room where her friend is tied she grabs the keys for
her gag and unlocks it from her head and removes her blindfold and immediately
Susan remarks on how hot Kim looks dressed like she is.  Kim thanks
her and tells her she has some work to do if she wants to get loose. 
Susan begins struggling and her friend just laughs at her and tells her
there is no way to get loose so you can let me have my paybacks or you
will be gagged again and put into your box and I will leave you somewhere
that I know you will be found with a note saying you did this to yourself
to get off and now am stuck and can't get loose and want someone to take
advantage of your helpless state.

Susan tells Kim she wouldn’t dare
and Kim begins picking up her friend and moving her close to the box. 
Seeing that she isn’t kidding at all Susan agrees to do whatever she wants
just don’t lock her in the box and leave her for someone to find. 
Kim puts her down on her knees in an upright hogtie and steps over her
head and tells her to begin licking and she will tell her when she feels
she has been properly repaid for what she did to her earlier.  Susan
knowing she can’t really do anything about it begins servicing her friend
with her tongue until Kim orgasmed twice and left Susan’s face covered
in her juices.

With Kim feeling justified she climbs off her friend
and walks over to the keys and throws them on the floor in front of her
friend and tells her if she want loose she can get herself loose that she
was going out and enjoying her Saturday night and if she wasn’t loose by
the time she got home she might think of helping her out with the cuffs
if she feels like it.  With that she walked over to her friend and
put her gag back on and locked it in place and grabbed her keys and headed
out for the night leaving her friend helpless in her living room with the
keys only inches away from her.
