---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Journey of Discovery 3 by Victoria Mystere - Edited
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Journey of Discovery by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery02.html))

Journey
of Discovery
By
Victoria Mystere
Edited
by Studbound

Chapter
Three

He was just buckling the belt on his suit trousers when she walked into
the bedroom. "Good morning, Lillian, what's on your agenda for the day?"

"I have to take Wally and Paula to school -- then I am pretty much free.
Are you going to have a busy day?'

"Looks that way. Seems that every Thursday is like that. The old man
schedules every meeting imaginable for Thursday. His reasoning is that
with the coming of summer -- people will be off on vacation on Friday and
Monday. Tuesday is too soon in the week to identify the problem and Wednesday
is just not comfortable for him. I think it has something to do with his
scheduled golf game. At any rate, Thursdays are a mess. I might not be
home until around seven tonight. Is that okay?"

She watched him walk down the hall to the kid's room. The thoughts in
her mind were still troubled. The problem was, and it was a big problem,
he was a good man: kind to his children and kind to her. She was still
deeply in love with him. She knew that somehow and yet the bedrock of her
belief system had just been assaulted and she felt herself reeling from
the impact. After dropping the children off to some of the last days of
school, she returned home. It seemed there was much to do but she didn't
know where to start. In desperation she retrieved a bottle of soda from
the refrigerator and sat on the deck feeling the early June sun warm her.

She rose, and with a look of resolve, entered the computer room. The
act of doing this was very difficult for her. As she had sat on the deck
and felt the sun on her skin, she knew she needed more information in order
to make a decision and the computer room was where this information was
being kept. Easing into the chair by the computer she turned the machine
on. Repeating the steps of last night, she quickly connected to the service
and waited for the cursor to change from an hourglass to the customary
arrow. Once this was accomplished she decided she would do a net search
using one of the search engines the service provided. The first word she
typed was BONDAGE. The screen remained unchanged for several minutes before
the search engine's logo appeared. The site match listed 40,000 documents
that used that word. She ran the scroll bar down the list and copied some
of the more common terms: BD, BDSM, RESTRAINTS, LEATHER, and others.

Returning to the search menu she altered her search to some of the more
common terms. When she tried + B D, she was amazed to find nearly 400,000
documents. She perused the list and felt the walls of her world crumbling.
So many others must enjoy this. Choosing one of the sites that looked interesting,
she moved the arrow to the correct position and double-clicked on the highlighted
letters. As she sat and waited for the document to be loaded she thought
about what she was seeing. 400,000 documents! What did that mean? Was the
entire world into this sort of thing? If everyone enjoyed bondage, where
was she when it suddenly had become popular?

She went from site to site. There were essays, stories, pictures, and
resources with professional articles on the subject. When her stomach growled
for the sixteenth time that minute, she looked at the clock on the wall.
2:45! That simply couldn't be!, she thought. She bounded from the chair
and ran into the bedroom to retrieve her watch. Not only was it quarter
to three -- it was actually 2:53! The kids would be dismissed in seven
minutes and she had about a ten-minute drive to get to the school. She
ran out of the house, hopped into the car, and drove as quickly as her
conscience would allow. The trip to the school passed in a blur.

Before she knew it, he was home, and they were finishing dinner.

"So, Howard, how was your day?"

"Better than I expected. I guess the thing is that when you get so tired,
it seems to take longer for everything to happen. The day never seemed
so long. I kept looking at my watch and gasping that so little time had
passed. How about yours?"

"I don't think I want to talk about that for now. I guess I better get
the dishes done. Howard, I have thought about this all day and I have decided
that, if you want bondage, we can try something this weekend. Maybe I have
been too quick to judge. Would you like to try it? It does nothing for
me, but if you want it so badly, I'll see what I can do. Saturday night
when the children are away?"

There was a question fraught with contradictions and Howard felt as
if he had just stepped into a minefield. His senses stretched toward her
and tried to determine what she was thinking. He replied, "I don't know.
It really is important to me and I would be more thrilled if you would
enjoy it too."

"Let me think about it a little more. I guess the problem I have with
it is that it seems to make a mockery of love. Love, at least to me, means
that we give each other freely. This seems to be the opposite. And I don't
like to hurt people. Especially you!"

"I know what you mean. I guess my answer is not all that simple either.
For some strange reason our society had confused sex and love until the
lines between gratification and romantic love have been blurred. Listen
to the television or the movies and hear the characters talk about making
love. Whenever they do that I cringe. Love is understanding and realizing
that without the other person, you would be much less than you are together.
Love is doing the little things for the other person without being asked.
The touching, the presence you have in my mind, the part of me that you
have become: these things have little to do with sex."

She stared at him and never knew he thought that way. Again, he surprised
her and she mumbled something incoherent as she started running the water
for the dishes. Sitting at the table watching her fuss over the dishes
was a pleasant experience for him. He still was very deeply in love with
her and nothing she could say or do would, or could, alter those feelings.
He went to watch television and relax a while before bed. Outside he could
see the children involved in their games and he smiled once more. The feeling
that everything was going to work out was strong and, at least for now,
that was enough.

All through the rest of the week, she studied more bondage sites on
the Internet, learned, looked, and searched for ideas. Saturday afternoon
the children went to stay with their grand parents. Lillian was alone with
her husband.

"Are you sure you want to do this, Lillian?"

"No. No, I am not sure. I will try it. That is all I can promise. If
I don't like it, we'll just have to quit. Is that understood?"

"Yes. Well, I suppose we should get started." He said with obvious pleasure
showing through his smile. He was freshly showered and sitting on the couch
clad only in his jockstrap as she had requested.

"Howard, I want you to close your eyes -- tightly."

With as little noise as she could possibly make she moved closer to
him. With just a hint of a smile she kissed him lightly on the lips. He
started to say something but she hushed him by putting her fingers to his
lips. "Not now, Howard. I will do all of the talking for both of us.

Without a signal Howard felt something soft and smooth cover his eyes.
He started to move to allow her to tie the blindfold on from behind but
she pushed him back onto the couch. She tightened the scarf around his
eyes and knotted it at the side. She reached for his hand and pulled gently
-- he followed. She put her hands on his hips from behind and said, "Listen,
I want you to walk. I will guide you by pressure on either side. If I want
you to move to the left -- I will tighten my hand on that side. Nod if
you understand." He slowly nodded his head and she began pushing him gently
from behind. When they reached the stairway she took his hand and placed
it on the banister. He took a step up. The feeling of having his vision
removed was powerful. His penis was fully engorged and it obscenely stuck
out inside of his jock. When they reached the top of the stairs she resumed
the gentle pressure on his hips. After what seemed to be a long journey,
he felt her reach her hands around his front and pull back. He stopped.

Turning him easily by taking his hand in hers, they entered the bedroom.
She walked him to the bed and his shins hit the bed rail with a thump.

"Sorry about that, I didn't mean it."

"It's nothing. What do you want me to do?"

"Turn around and stretch out on the bed -- you know, your favorite position."
She said with a smile in her voice.

When he could feel the bedposts with his hands he laced his fingers
around the wood and waited. He felt the bed moving but could not see what
was going on. When his right wrist felt the soft silk scarf he smiled.
She tightened it and threaded it around the bedpost. Snugging it tightly,
she repeated the motions on the other hand. Howard had already stretched
out his legs when she forced them back together. He felt her strong hands
bring them to cross and nearly ejaculated when she tightened the belt around
his ankles. She pulled it tight -- but far too loosely for Howard's desires
-- and snapped the buckle shut. In all of his dreams, he imagined he was
tied in bed with a beautiful woman about to perform wonderful and exotic
ministrations on his body.

He felt the bedsprings relax as she stepped off the bed. She was moving
around the room, but he did not know what she was doing. There seemed to
be the sound of her shedding her clothes and he smiled. He felt the bed
move as she placed one knee, bent over his bound body, and kissed him gently.
He started to respond but she moved away. The next thing he felt was her
breast being inserted into his mouth. He sucked hungrily.

She instructed, "Not so hard. I like it gentle." He stopped his torrid
motion and resumed a steady soft sucking. His tongue flicked the nipple
and her breath caught ever so slightly in her throat. When she began moving
away, he tried to follow. But she was gone. Suddenly he felt something
he had never experienced in his life. Her moist lips closed on HIS nipple
and began sucking. He felt her tongue moving and his erection became stronger.
She reached her hand into his jockstrap to his penis and began softly stroking
him while sucking on his nipple. The effect was devastating. His hips began
bucking and he was writhing on the bed trying to increase the pressure
of her hand. It didn't work. She simply stopped moving her hand and removed
her lips. Every once in a while -- never at regular intervals -- she began
to masturbate him again. When his breath would start to quicken, she would
stop.

The time between stimulation and rest seemed interminable. His hips
bucked their protest, but she never increased the frequency of the action.
She felt simply ridiculous. It was one thing for sex to happen spontaneously,
but quite another to plan it out for over two days. The scarves she had
purchased were handy and fit into the pockets of her robe. If only he could
see how ridiculous he looked. She had purchased the scarves at the bargain
basement department of a discount store. From her perspective they were
simply hideous -- yet they did the job admirably. If he could have seen
. . . ah, but, she had taken care of that problem, hadn't she? The slow
masturbation, as it was described on the Internet was working well.

The funny thing -- even though she hated to admit it -- she was beginning
to enjoy herself just a bit. The feeling of sexual power over another was
heady. They had talked for over three hours before sleep on Friday and
she still didn't totally understand. But, at least she was willing to learn
more. Even now, with her husband bound before her, her mind was traveling
a few of the pathways she had entered in the last few days.

**[Continues
in Part 4](journey_of_discovery04.html)**

30.09.02

story continues in [**Journey of Discovery 4 by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery04.html)

o0o
