---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage in the Woods
authors:
- Knotmaster
tags:
- M+-f
- outdoors
- bond
- cons
- gag
- sex
- cuffs
- spreadeagle
- oral
- clamps
- nipple
- spank
- whip
- climax
- XX
date: 2019-11-20 00:00:00
---

Continued from [part one](bondage_in_the_woods01.html)_

_### Part Two_

_#### Destiny goes all the way_

_*Destiny volunteers to get tied up in the woods for a second time, so she can get climaxed repeatedly. She goes all the way this time and signs up to get punished & fucked while she is tied.*_

_Well the day had finally come for the second bondage session in the woods. It was 1:30 in the afternoon and the temp was right near 70 degrees. Dustin walked thru the woods with Destiny and arrived at the selected site. She had on a snug fitting blue blouse which showed off the curve of her breasts and a light flowery skirt that moved nicely when she moved. She looked elegant and proper, which was a sharp contrast to what she had signed up for. The only thing out of place was her thick socks and walking shoes. She was carrying a cloth bag which must have had her spare clothes in. She did not tell Dustin but she had purchased the clothes she was wearing at Goodwill in case her clothes were ripped off her or they got soiled. Mr. Ed had paid for the clothes that got ruined the last time and promised to do it this time too. Mr. Ed was already waiting next to the mattress. He stood, welcomed Destiny with a hug and said, “Welcome back.” Mr. Ed could smell her perfume as he held her snugly for a few seconds. She smelled good._

_Mr. Ed offered them a cold beer, coke, water or even a rum & coke. Like last time, Destiny asked for a rum & coke, while Dustin wanted a beer. Destiny & Dustin were both very nervous and downed their drink quickly. Mr. Ed offered them both a second one. They each took another, just to put off this event for a few more minutes. After some nervous small talk, Dustin handed Mr. Ed the signed invitation._

_Destiny had signed the invitation indicating she was over 18 and that she wanted to do this. After the first bondage session she had decided to be much more adventurous this time. She had checked and signed box #1. She had also checked & signed for unlimited penetration for box #2, and had boldly checked & signed for box #3 also. Mr. Ed looked at the signed document, trying to hide his astonishment & excitement, while Destiny nervously looked at the mattress that was covered with a blanket. Last time she had gotten 13 climaxes while naked and tied down to that mattress. Mr. Ed had set out 4 anchors in the ground nearly 3 ft away from each corner of the mattress like last time. He had tied short lengths of ropes to each of the anchors. Destiny looked around and noticed the ropes tied around two trees about 7 ft up and hanging down about 3 ft. with snaps on the end. She thought to herself, *I can bet I am going to be tied between those trees sometime during this event. What about my clothes, do they get ripped off? I brought plenty of spares this time*. Alongside of the mattress, was an array of things that was evidently to be used on her, including some soft towels, and a bag of stuff._

_*I wonder what this is going to be like with my legs tied spread with my pussy open for both of them to see, and then to have them punish & fuck me while I am tied.* She had gone for only being tied and climaxed last time. This time she wanted to try a little more. A surge of excitement went thru her body just thinking about it. *I have not been fucked while tied before,* she thought to herself. She was getting turned on even before they started playing with her. The drinks were also giving her a little buzz and she could feel her face flush some._

_“I think I am ready for this but please do not hurt me. I just want to have fun like I did last time,” she said._

_“Don’t worry, you will not get hurt and it will be a lot of fun. We really want you to come back again. You might want to go to the bathroom before we start,” Mr. Ed said._

_Destiny looked around and said, “Well I guess that might be a good idea after two drinks.” Dustin decided he should do the same._

_When they were both back by the mattress, Mr. Ed said, “Destiny, before we get you tied up, it would probably be a good idea if we took off your top before your arms are tied. That way we will not have to cut off that nice blouse, and while we are at it, I am going to get a little more comfortable too.” He then pulled his shirt off._

_“OK, Where do you want me to be for this? By the mattress like last time?” she responded._

_Mr. Ed pointed to the little folding stool he had moved between two trees. Mr. Ed had already tied ropes to the trees to use to tie her up._

_“Just step up on the stool so we can get your blouse off and start tying you up.“ he said._

_When she was standing on the folding stool, Dustin stood in front of her and started unbuttoning her blouse. He took his time slowly spreading her blouse. When he saw the black bra, he exclaimed, “Mr. Ed, look, she is wearing black, and she really does want to get punished!”_

_*Did I make a mistake wearing black and inviting them to punish me,* thought Destiny. *Oh man, Dustin sounds too excited about punishing me. I probably should not have worn the black bra. I am in for it now. I wonder when that will start, and did I make a mistake doing that. I hope the punishment doesn’t hurt a lot.*_

_With all the buttons undone, he pushed the blouse back and over her arms, removing it and laying it aside. The bra was thin and Mr. Ed could see her dark areoles with the nipples in the center, pushing against the fabric. Dustin had stepped back to look over Destiny, so Mr. Ed stepped up in front of her and wrapped his arms around her. She welcomed him with a hug and when he kissed her lips, she returned his kiss. Mr. Ed ran his hands up the side of her and moving away a little, he cupped her breast and squeezed it firmly. Destiny pushed her stomach into him wanting the skin to skin contact more than she realized. Stepping away, he let Dustin move in and hug her too. Dustin gave her a long kiss and he too fondled her body before pulling away. Destiny was a little surprised at Mr. Ed's uninvited intimate fondling but this was the second time the men were going to tie her up and they did strip her and tie her up only a few weeks ago. When she thought about it for a few seconds, she welcomed it. They were going to have her naked and tied so why not touch and fondle some now. The hugs and kisses really helped and now Destiny was as ready as she ever would be._

_Mr. Ed had the cuffs ready so, Dustin did her right arm and Mr. Ed the left. When her arms were stretch out some, they tied the lines and stepped back. Mr. Ed produced a blindfold and put it on her. Now that she could not see anything, Mr. Ed stood close in front of her, reached under her skirt, and fondled her legs. She gasped when his hand slowly moved up her leg to caress her pussy. Wait a minute, she was not wearing panties and Mr. Ed had followed smooth skin all the way to her pussy. Destiny smiled when Mr. Ed had discovered her surprise. Dustin meanwhile stood on the other side of her and started fondling her covered breasts._

_“Dustin, she is not wearing panties!!! He bent down, lifted her skirt and sure enough no panties. *WOW. Wearing no panties gave the men a clear signal that she wanted to get fucked. She really was going all out today.* “This is really getting to be exciting,” Mr. Ed said out loud so she could hear him._

_Letting go of the skirt, Mr. Ed said, “Well Dustin, looks like we get to do everything we wanted today.”_

_“Do you think she is up for this?”_

_“I can’t wait to see her face when the first whip hits her bare ass,” Mr. Ed said loud enough to make sure Destiny heard him. “I guess it is time to remove the skirt so we can get the punishment started.”_

_Unhooking her skirt in the back, he let it fall past her feet and stool and on to the ground. Using a length of line, he tied her legs together using a small towel to protect her from rope burn. Still standing on the stool, she could not move an inch now. Standing there blindfolded, her arms stretched out snug and her legs tied, she would be able to hear the whip coming and she would not be able to move at all when the punishment started._

_“OK, it is time for your punishment as you requested. If you start to scream too loud, I will have to put a gag in your mouth. Do you understand?” Mr. Ed asked._

_Destiny answered, “Yes sir,” and told herself that she would not give them the satisfaction of screaming for them._

_What a sight it was, with Destiny spread out wearing only a black bra and a blindfold. Destiny was starting to shake a little in anticipation as Mr. Ed had handed Dustin the whip and motioned for him to give her 5 firm swats on her butt. She jumped & grunted a little when the first one hit, but then did her best to stay quiet. If this is all there is for the whip, she could handle it, no problem. After 4 more, Dustin handed Mr. Ed the strap. It was Mr. Ed’s turn and he wanted to get her to scream. He swung the whip hard hitting her butt with a loud crack. Destiny jumped again but just moaned as her butt was starting to heat up. Mr. Ed gave her 4 more hard slaps with the whip making the whip wrap around her butt. Her butt was feeling warm now even though the whip had not been that bad. She tried to move some but she was tied, top and bottom. After a moment, she wondered again if they were done._

_*Is my body really enjoying this?* she thought. It felt like her pussy was getting warm. *I hope this whipping is over soon because I feel like I just want to get fucked and climaxed*._

_Mr. Ed stood in front of her ran his hand up her left leg and up her side. Reaching her breast, he squeezed it, saying, “I think it is time to get a good look at her tits. Dustin, Why don’t you cut off her bra with this pocket knife. Do not move Destiny, while he cuts it off,” Mr. Ed said._

_Destiny could feel the cold steel slide under the left shoulder strap. *Please don’t cut me,* she thought._

_Dustin jerked hard on the knife with his other hand on her shoulder. She was still pulled forward as the knife sliced thru the fabric. Dustin slid the knife under the right strap and with a quick jerk the second strap was sliced thru. Sliding the knife up between her breasts, Dustin grabbed one breast to brace her and pulled hard on the knife. The knife only cut part way then stopped. Firmly squeezing her breast again, he pulled again and cut the rest of the way. Letting go of her breast, the bra fell away. Dustin just stood there for a minute gazing at her breasts before dropping the knife, reaching up and grabbing hold of both breasts to squeeze and fondle them. Destiny moaned a little as Dustin worked her breasts._

_Mr. Ed put his finger to his lips to tell Dustin to not say anything. Standing in front of her again he put his arms around her naked body and hugged her. Putting his lips on her lips he gave her a passionate kiss while fondling her backside. Motioning to Dustin, he had Dustin do the same. Then, Mr. Ed dug into his bag and came out with the nipple suckers and two light clothespins. Going over to her naked nipples, he put the suckers on her nipples. Destiny remained motionless as he did each one. He cranked them up in intensity until she started to moan. He wanted to wait a while until her nipples puffed up and full before he put the clothespins on._

_“Destiny, we are going to untie your legs now so you can step off the stool and spread your legs. Mr. Ed said._

_Mr. Ed loosened her arms some, and when her legs were untied, she stepped off the stool. Her arms were pulled tight again when she spread her legs. Mr. Ed tied each of her legs to the two trees. Destiny knew they had spread her legs to make her pussy available. *Would they whip her pussy or did they just plan to use the dildo on her in this position,* she wondered._

_Once again, he dug into his bag and came up with the strap and the crop. He pointed at her thighs and indicated to Dustin to land 2 hard slaps to her inner thigh. Moving behind her with the crop in hand he got ready to land blows to her opposite thigh from the back. With her legs tied so wide, it was easy for each of them to aim. When the first two blows landed at near the same time, it really took her by surprise. There was a sudden noise and just moments later the burn from the two blows hit her brain. She screamed & pulled hard on her arms trying to get her hands loose so she could protect herself. She quickly told herself to not scream anymore but Mr. Ed had planned for this and he quickly slipped a ball gag over her head and into her mouth so he could tighten the strap in the back. She fought it but too late he had the gag secure. Two more closely timed blows came in to her inner thighs and she screamed into her gag._

_Mr. Ed decided that it was time for a little front side work on her. He came around the front and pulled off the nipple suckers. Destiny breathed a sigh of relief until she thought about why they were being removed. It was not long before Mr. Ed was fondling her now extended nipples and while pulling on the left nipple he installed a nipple clamp on the nipple. “Ouch, ouch” she tried to say. Mr. Ed pinched and pulled on the right nipple and put on the second clamp while Destiny was saying, “Oh, that hurts.” Mr. Ed held up three fingers to Dustin telling him to do three more even harder. They each switched thighs and landed the next three with Destiny screaming into her gag. Tears started coming out from underneath the blindfold._

_After letting her hang there panting for a bit, with her thighs burning, Destiny was already thinking, w*hat if one of them decided to strap her now hurting nipples? Oh no, I hope they do not do that,* she thought as she tried to catch her breath. Mr. Ed backed up a little and motioned for Dustin to land some blows of the strap across her stomach while he cropped her butt. Tiring of this, Mr. Ed moved around to her front. Mr. Ed gently laid the crop against her right breast. She tried to jerk away, shaking her head and tried to tell them not to hit her breasts but it just came out as “oo ottt attt” “oo oo oo”._

_“Are you trying to tell me that you do not want me to crop your clamped nipples?” Mr. Ed asked._

_“ess, ess” was her muffled response as she nodded her head rapidly._

_“Ok,” he said and removed the nipple clamps. “I will do it with the clamps removed.” She shook her head again rapidly and tried to tell him not to crop her sore nipples but he ignored her frantic gestures. With the clamps removed he fondled her nipples some. She winced as he pinched her sore nipples, hoping he would stop soon. With the nipples between his thumb and his forefinger, he rolled her nipples up and down and side to side for nearly 20 seconds before letting go of them._

_Mr. Ed knew that her nipples were now very sensitive. He went gently with the crop on the top of the breast with quick strokes. After about 8 quick light ones and her breast heating up and with her starting to breath hard, he moved down to the nipple with four quick firm blows. Destiny screamed into the ball with her nipple feeling like it was on fire. Mr. Ed moved to the left breast, and repeated the gentle ones again, heating up the left breast and Destiny was already screaming into the ball gag as he put four quick blows to that nipple. She screamed and screamed as the pain burned into her brain. Tears were streaming down her face as she just hung from her arms and her head hanging down sobbing uncontrollably. Mr. Ed moved in front of her and put after pulling on her nipple, reinstalled the clamp. Then he did the same to the other. She grunted when each of them clamped on her nipple._

_It has to be over soon she thought and that’s when she realized her pussy was going to be next. “Oo oo oo” she screamed into her gag. Her whole body shook as she thought about what was going to happen. *This is really going to hurt*. She tried to pull her legs together but they were tied tight. Damn, trying to pull her legs together was just an invitation for them to notice that they could pound her pussy. *Fine,* she thought. She straightened up, pushing out her chest, holding her head high and waited for the first blow to her bare pussy. She could not stop sobbing but they had not broken her yet. She could take all they were going to give her. When she straightened up and pushed out her tits, Mr. Ed thought she was requesting a few more blows of the crop to her tits. Picking up the crop again he laid some quick hard blows to her left breast, hitting the nipple 4-5 times in rapid succession. That really surprised Destiny as she tried to double over to protect herself. She screamed into the gag and tried to tell him to stop. She could not bend over far enough to block Mr. Ed from laying some quick hard blows to her right breast hitting the nipple nearly 4 times. Shaking her head and screaming into the ball gag as the burn hit her brain she protested to no avail. Her nipples burned with pain. She hung her head and sobbed as her tits ached._

_With her hanging on her arms, Mr. Ed went to the ice chest and pulled out the squirt bottle. It was filled with very cold water. He handed it to Dustin and motioned for him to pump it and aim for her tits and then to her pussy. It would certainly wake her up and cool her off too. Dustin went to work pumping out the cold water to her most sensitive parts. Once again she screamed into her gag and pulled on the ropes that had her bound. She could not get away from the freezing cold water spraying her tits and pussy. When Dustin was done, Mr. Ed wiped her down with a soft towel making a point to be very gentle with her. He wiped her face to dry up her tears but left the blindfold on her. He held her close, hoping to calm her and to warm her up some._

_“Ok it is time to move on,” Mr. Ed thought. Moving in front of her, he raised her head and pulled her into him. She was, shaking and crying as he comforted her. Shortly he knelt down to unsnap her leg shackles. Dustin came around the back of her to unsnap her arms. Dustin put his arms around her from behind and fondled her sore breasts. Then locking his arms under her sore breasts, he tipped her back so Mr. Ed could pick up her feet. They carried her to the mattress. She was limp and exhausted and did not resist, she just wanted to rest._

_They quickly pull her arms out at right angles and using her wrist cuffs, they tied her arms out wide to the anchors on each side of the mattress. She was naked and her hands tied again so she could not get away. Like her first time, Mr. Ed and Dustin pulled her legs out super wide and tied them to the anchors._

_She was tired but a little nervous about getting tied to the mattress after the punishment they had given her while she was tied spread to the trees. She knew they were getting her ready for her repeated climaxes she had signed up for. After she was securely tied to the anchors, Destiny pulled on the ropes some to see how much slack they had given her. Not much. Whatever they did to her, she would not be able to move much just like when they tied her to the trees._

_“Dustin, Destiny checked the box for getting fucked, but she also signed up for being climaxed over and over. So let’s see if we can give her a dozen climaxes before she passed out or begs us to stop.” Then he pinched her nipples and pulled her right breast up until she moaned and opened her mouth. Quickly he put the ball gag in her mouth and tied it on._

_Destiny just rested as she lay there waiting for them to do something else. Her nipples were standing up waiting to be pinched and fondled again. Her body was already turned on before the serious fondling & licking started. The men stared at her laying there for a moment seeing her spread pussy again. Her already sore pussy was pink, engorged and wet. Her fuck hole was open and inviting them to fuck her. What a site!!_

_She tried to see how much slack her legs had but the ropes did not give much at all. The proposal had said she would be climaxed multiple times. *Would they whip her again before fucking her, or would they get her warmed up with some cunt licking, then fuck her?* She had indicated climaxing by licking & fondling but had requested penetration too so maybe she had been too bold when she wore the black panties. Her butt was still hot and her tits still ached as she waited. “Oh, God what have I done”._

_Dustin and Mr. Ed had discussed a plan but had not stressed much on the third option. It was time to talk it up a little with Destiny listening so she could get excited or scared._

_“Well, who goes first, and when do we get to start fucking her? She is wet already so lets start fucking her now,” Dustin said. “We can climax her repeatedly after we get finished fucking. Afterward lets each climax her by licking her cunt and getting her so hot she will be begging to be fucked again. We could give her more punishment afterward and she will be begging to be fucked again.”_

_Mr. Ed agreed, saying, “I wonder if she is a screamer when she climaxes and she will scream again when she is punished. Well the gag should be enough.”_

_Quietly Dustin made a motion that he wanted to fuck her first. Mr. Ed held up his hand and indicated he wanted to lick her pussy first and give her the chance to climax repeatedly. Dustin back up and removing his kilt and underwear, Mr. Ed put his head between her legs and started licking her shaved pussy. Her pussy lips were engorged and sensitive. In no time, Destiny arched up and climaxed. Mr. Ed continued licking her pussy and in no time, she was climaxing again and then again. After 6 times, Mr. Ed got up and motioned for Dustin to lick her pussy, and maybe even enter her with his fingers to give her a few climaxes. With very little encouragement, Destiny was again climaxing._

_Mr. Ed wanted to try to get Destiny climaxing by using the light whip on her now swollen pussy. Straddling her body and looking down on her crotch he gave her pussy a light flick of the whip. Destiny jumped and grunted when it hit. Mr. Ed laid one on her pussy about every 2 seconds. Just hard enough for her to feel it and often enough to get a nice rhythm. Destiny started to shake as she neared her next climax. Increasing the rate of the whip to try to match Destiny’s thrusting hips Mr. Ed kept whipping her cunt with more force. Destiny broke into a high pitched whine and then went over the top exploded in a climax. Mr. Ed slowed down the whip for a couple of seconds and then increased the rate and force behind the whip forcing Destiny into a second whip climax._

_Giving her no time to settle from the climax, Dustin moved into position between her spread legs and eased his condom covered cock into her wet fuck hole. It was time to fuck her. He was ready and her cunt was too. Moving up on her and laying lightly on her hot sweaty body, Dustin quickly forced his cock into her wet cunt. Destiny gasped when she felt him start to enter her. She had requested penetration so this it. She was going to get fucked. He felt so big, so it must be Dustin. She was about to get fucked with Dustin’s big cock. Plunging it in to the hilt, he held it there for a second. “God it felt so good”, she thought. Then he started a slow fuck. She thought she was going to faint with excitement. The faster he rammed her the faster her breath came. She finally could stand no more. She was out of breath again and shaking when she climaxed in a rush as he banged her. With one final thrust, he came. He moaned loudly as he squirted his cum into the condom. *It was over too quick*, he thought. *I want to have another chance to do this after Mr. Ed fucks her,* he thought. He laid on top of her, reveling in the feel of her hot sweating body under his. He slid out easily and rolled off her._

_Mr. Ed had already put on a condom so he quickly slipped between her legs and like Dustin, with a gentle and fluid motion, Mr. Ed slid his cock in her wet swollen cunt. He did not give her a chance to catch her breath before he started banging her pussy. Destiny moaned when Mr. Ed’s cock slid in and he laid down on top of her. She was so excited that she quickly climaxed, arching up screaming into her gag. She climaxed again as Mr. Ed banged her hard with each stroke. *Requesting penetration was the right choice,* she thought, *this was intense like the invite said.* Mr. Ed banged her with gusto. Every time his pubis bone banged her clit she wanted to scream. He finally climaxed but not until she also climaxed again._

_Unable to see, Destiny could not tell who was doing what so Dustin knelt beside her quietly, and started fondling her bare breasts. Working his way down her stomach to her thighs, he moved into her crotch. He massaged her dripping cunt even while he was squeezing her nipple. Mr. Ed knelt on the other side of her and started squeezing her other breast concentrating on the nipple. Squeezing the nipple, he lifted the breast until Destiny started moaning. It was time to put the nipple clamps on again. Pinching the left nipple, he positioned the clamp and set the tension. Destiny grunted with pain as the first clamp was set._

_“Oo, aatt uurrs” she said into her ball gag trying not to scream. Mr. Ed reached across her chest and after squeezing her nipple he set the second clamp. Once again Destiny grunted and cried out from the pain. “aoo, aatt ealle uurrs,” she said. With a chain between the clamps, Mr. Ed pulled up on the chain until Destiny said ”ao, ao att urrs, ease sok, oo ease!” Dustin moved down so he could be between her legs and after fondling her cunt, he started licking her exposed clitoris. Destiny could hardly stay still as he worked his tongue on her clit._

_By this time, Dustin was making really good progress on her clit so her attention quickly moved down to her pussy. With Dustin licking her clit, she pulled on her legs trying to close them. She was spread so far, that it did no good except to get her hotter and more excited. With her full attention now on her pussy, she started shaking and panting rapidly. she cried out, “aarrg oog, 00 oog ease, oo eess eess eess oh oo, ein unning, O eess!”_

_Arching her back, and pulling with all her might on her arms and legs, Destiny screamed out as she came loudly. Dustin kept licking her clit and her body arched up even further as the second climax hit her. The nipple clamps, now ignored, dangled from her breasts as she came back down. Dustin raised himself up and motioned for Mr. Ed to take over. It was time for a second round of climaxes._

_Quietly Mr. Ed moved between her spread legs and started licking. Reaching over he found the dildo and slowly inserted it in her vagina. She gasped as it went in. *How can he be licking me and fucking me at the same time?* Then realized it was a dildo. She started getting close again and started panting rapidly while Mr. Ed licked her cunt. With Dustin playing with her nipple clamps, The pain from her nipples grabbed her attention for just a moment but with Mr. Ed ramming the dildo home and licking her clit, her attention was quickly focused on only her pussy again. Moments later after shaking all over she arched up again and climaxed screaming loudly. Not letting up, Mr. Ed kept up licking her clit and plunging the dildo into her pussy, till she climaxed again and then again. She couldn’t stop. Eventually Mr. Ed got up leaving her gasping._

_It was time to move on again, so Mr. Ed knelt down, and removed her gag and the blindfold. He wanted her to see what was going to happen. It was also time to remove the nipple clamps. She screamed when Dustin loosened the first one and again when Mr. Ed took off the second one. With her fully aware now, Mr. Ed picked up the crop and stood over her body facing her pussy. He held the crop at his side waiting for her to say something. Destiny was looking at his butt and then realized what he was going to do as he laid the crop on her swollen pussy. She cried out to him to stop._

_“Please not my pussy with that. Please. I promise I will come back to do this again next week, and the week after, whatever you want but don’t hit my pussy. Please, it will hurt too much. Do my tits again instead, PLEASE. I beg you do my tits again but not my pussy. I am begging you.”_

_“Ok,” Mr. Ed said, as he moved to the side, knelt down and got ready to crop her tits. Destiny closed her eyes and grimaced as she waited for the crop to start on her breasts. It was going to hurt like hell and she knew it. Mr. Ed started tapping the top of her breast again like before and moved down to connect with her nipple 3-4 times. Destiny thrashed and screamed as the pain hit her. After waiting for almost 30 seconds, Mr. Ed started tapping on the top of the other breast with Destiny screaming even before he hit her nipple 3-4 times. Laying down the crop, Mr. Ed massaged both sore breasts some before getting up. Destiny was sobbing and moaning as she tried to deal with the pain in her nipples. Mr. Ed took a towel and wiped her face and eyes to dry some of the tears._

_“I know you hurt but your punishment is finished and Dustin is ready to fuck you again so pull yourself together and get ready to get fucked and climaxed again. I promise you will enjoy it,” Mr. Ed said._

_Dustin by now was getting hard again. Opening her eyes, Destiny watched him put a new condom on his huge cock and knew she was in for one last fuck with his big cock, but this time she could see. She watched in awe and tried to quit crying & shaking as he knelt between her legs with his cock aimed right at her pussy, ready to plunge in her hot fuck hole. Dustin moved up onto her body and sliding his now rock hard cock easily into her hot pussy, he started banging her with long strokes bottoming each one to the max. While he was banging her pussy, Mr. Ed, straddled her head, and put his cock in her mouth._

_“Suck on this limp dick for a while and see if you can get it hard again so I can fuck you again,” he said._

_She started sucking hungrily. Mr. Ed lifted her head to help her. Soon he was getting hard again. Quickly she was shaking and pulling on her leg bindings trying to help Dustin fuck her. In no time she was gasping and shaking with excitement. This time he lasted quite a long time and was able to make her climax twice before he was finished. Once again he lay on top of her hot sweaty body for a while trying to make it last longer. When Mr. Ed was hard, he pulled out of her mouth, slipped on a fresh condom and got ready to fuck Destiny again. When Dustin moved out of the way, Mr. Ed got into position again._

_*Oh boy here we go again. One last fuck for the day,* she thought. She smiled as he knelt between her legs again. He was ready and so was she. He thrust in and then laid on top of her hot sweaty body. This time he did a slow fuck as she panted under him. Ramming his hard cock in hard each time and connecting his pubis bone with her clit, she quickly got into the rhythm and climaxed. He climaxed again and then collapsed on top of her, exhausted._

_The men put some clothes on as they looked down at her on the mattress. She started getting worried as they dressed but did not untie her. They untied her when they were dressed and helped her up. Destiny was shaky at first but after wiping down with a towel and giving her time to get dressed. She stood in front of them not bothering to hide anything as she put on her clothes. They had seen it all anyway. The two men watched shamelessly as she put on her spare panties and bra and then her outer clothes. By the time she was dressed, she had calmed down a lot but she was drained. What an experience!! The invitation introduction was right about it being over the top. Mr. Ed gave her money for her ruined clothes and asked if she would be up for something like this again in the near future, like she promised while begging not to have her pussy cropped again. Her answer was, “Of course, I really had fun. Even the nipple clamps were great after the initial shock. I could not believe how much my nipples hurt when you cropped them though.”_

_As Mr. Ed started packing up his things, Destiny walked up to him and took his hand. She led him away from the mattress so she could talk to him privately. Turning to face him, she said “This afternoon was beyond words. I am still tingling inside from the climaxes I had and my nipples almost feel like they still have clamps on them. My heart is still racing and I am just drained. I really would like to do this again. I gave you everything I had while I was tied up so I can only give you a hug and kiss before I leave.” In a whisper she said to him, “I want to do this again but with just me and you.” She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in to her pressing her breasts into his chest. Her lips met his and she kissed him again and again. “Thanks for a great time,” she said as she walked away._

_Walking back to Dustin, she took his hand and walked away saying, “OK, Dustin your turn,” as she turned into him and hugged & kissed him. Thank you so much for your part in this over the top afternoon. Please contact me when we can do something like this again. I might even have a friend who would want to experience something this intense. We might even want try to do a foursome.”_

_They left together as Mr. Ed packed up his things._

_Continues in [part three](bondage_in_the_woods03.html)

How did you like my story? The characters are fictional, but like Mr. Ed, I would love to find a Destiny to try out some of the things in the story.  Please send comments about my story to [Knotmaster62@yahoo.com](mailto:Knotmaster62@yahoo.com).
