---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/path_slavery.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Path to Slavery
authors:
- Rubber Chloe
tags:
- MF/f
- M+/ff
- latex
- bond
- slave
- toys
- statue
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2007-03-15 00:00:00
---

CH 1 - The Shop

Chloe was an average 21-year-old lady but of Swedish origin her body was like a Greek goddess'. Men drooled over her 5'11" body her 36c-24-35 curves, lovely green eyes, luscious golden tan and her very sexy seductive Swedish accent. She lived in a normal house and drove a BMW Z3 in blinding yellow. She was a single spirit and men loved her for it. She would always go to the clubs wearing knee high boots, a short skirt and a low cut Morgan top.
She had heard all the chat up lines and all the pulling methods she had fucked about 7 blokes and 2 women. A friend once suggested she should try fetish wear like rubber but she hated it and never tried it again.

She worked for a law firm in the city and she drove to work everyday and worked on one of her lunches she was walking down the street and she saw a shop she had not seen before. She crossed the road and found out it was a shoe shop. She looked in the window and there was all types of shoes and boots, she would have to look in there but not today.

Next Saturday Chloe drove to the mall and parked her car. She stepped out wearing a pair of 3" heels a short skirt and a Morgan T-shirt that hugged her chest. She walked through the mall and did some shopping. She walked back to her car and dumped her shopping in it and went to the shoe shop she saw.
She open the door and the bell tinkled. It was dusty and dry inside the shop and had boxes lining the sides of the shop. The shop assistant popped her head through the doorway and said "Just a minute." She emerged from the doorway wearing jeans and a wool jumper; she walked over to Chloe and asked, "What can I do for you?"

Chloe replied "I'm looking for a new pair of boots or shoes to go with the outfit I'm wearing now and another more baring one."
"I understand, I'll see what I can do. If you would like to sit down over there and take your shoes off, we will get started." The assistant replied in her bubbly voice.

CH 2 - The trying

Chloe sat down and took her shoes off and put them at her side. Over the next 3 hours Chloe tried on every pair of shoes and boots in the store and didn't find anything she liked. The shop assistant then said, "If you're interested we do have a stock of fetish material boots."

"Fetish material?" Chloe enquired

"PVC, Rubber, ...." The assistant replied.

Chloe thought back to when she tried on some rubber but she thought what harm could some fetish shoes do. "Ok, I'll try some on please."

The assistant brought back 6 boxes and sat them next to her. She opened the first box and in it there was a pair or knee high boots in blue shiny PVC with 5" heel on them. Chloe held out her foot while the assistant unzipped the boots and slid it onto her foot. Chloe shivered as the cold PVC enveloped her leg. The assistant zipped up the boots and Chloe took a walk about. Her nipples got hard as she walked around. The assistant saw this and smiled.

After the 5th box Chloe had not liked anything, she sat back down and unlaced the rubber boots on her feet. The assistant then opened the next box to reveal a pair of blacker than black rubber knee high boots with 5" heels and no seems or joins anywhere.

Chloe holds them in her hands and says to the assistant "Can I try these on?"
The assistant smiles and says "Of course you can dear, I'll just get some talc." The assistant returns with a tub of talc and coats Chloe's legs in it and then starts to roll the boots onto her feet. Chloe stands up and admires how well the boots cling to her body and follow the curves of her lower leg.

She sits back down and the assistant peels them off. Chloe puts her own shoes on and say "I'm not sure, I'll need to think about it. Will you hold onto them for a while for me?"

The assistant replies "Yes of course dear."

Chloe leaves the shop and the assistant closes the shop as she sits down and smiles. A bloke comes into the shop and she says "Hello dear, What do you think?"

He replied "I think she will make an excellent slave."

CH 3 - A night to remember

All the way back to her car all Chloe could think about was that last pair of boots, and how horny they made her. She drove home quickly and dumped her stuff on her bed and drove her fingers into her very wet and hot pussy. After countless orgasms she had a shower and went into the loft and pulled down a box she didn't think she would ever look at again.
She stood naked in her bedroom and opened the box to reveal a black rubber thong and a very, very shiny jet-black PVC cocktail dress that was very low cut and very short.

Chloe stared at the shiny material and was about to put it back in the box when the feelings of the boots came flooding back into her mind. Her hand reached out and picked up the thong, she tentatively slide the thong up her legs and over her hips sealing her pussy behind rubber. She then squeezed her body into the dress. She stood in the mirror and admired how the dress hugged her body, this time she didn't have any of the feelings she had last time she wore the outfit. She walk to her cupboard and pulled out the PVC boots to go with it. She sat on the bed and pulled them on and zipped them up. She then got very horny and started to rub her pussy through the dress and thong. Soon she was in sexual heaven entranced by the PVC.

Chloe woke the next morning on her bed with her hair stuck to her sweat covered body. She stood up and realised she was wearing the PVC. She took it off quickly, disgusted with her self that she even put it on. She put it all in the box and put it in the attic and had a long hot shower to clean herself. She put her cotton robe on and walked downstairs to the kitchen.
It was Sunday. Her paper was on the mat she picked it up and took it into the kitchen and made herself some toast and put the TV on while she flicked through the paper.

It was a nice sunny day so she changed into a bikini and went into her garden and spent the day sunning herself and swimming, never giving the previous night I thought.

On Monday Chloe dressed for work and walked downstairs and on the mat was a somewhat large, brown envelope. She picked it up and took it into the kitchen. She opened it and a CD-ROM fell out of the envelope and nothing else.
Puzzled, she had her toast and went to work leaving the CD-ROM on the table. When she got back in she changed into a skirt and a Morgan top and turned on her computer. She had few e-mails waiting for her. She dealt with them and them put the CD-ROM in her computer and a menu appeared.

CH 4 - The CD and the Club

The menu said 'enter'. She clicked on 'enter' and a series of swirling graphics were shown then a number of gallery options were loaded. She clicked on Gallery 1 and when it loaded, all it contained were pictures of women in PVC and rubber. She went to click on exit since she wasn't into any of that. When she clicked on exit a graphic appeared and she felt compelled to click on cancel and return to the galleries.

All the galleries had women in fetish wear and bondage. Soon Chloe was getting wet and she remembered her outfit upstairs. Before long she was wearing her outfit and playing with her nipples while she browsed the CD.
All that night she looked at the women in the hot PVC wear and she realised she was starting to like it. The more she looked at the images of the women the harder it was for her to not like PVC and rubber. By 10pm she had ordered various rubber outfits.

She decided to go to a club so she went upstairs and peeled off the PVC dress, leaving on the PVC bra, thong and boots. She then put on a low cut Morgan top, a short shirt and put on her full length over coat with a fluffy collar.
As she walked to the club all you saw were her booted legs appearing from the bottom of her coat. Since she was a regular at the club she went straight in. By the time she got to the bar a stool was free and her drink was in front of it. As she sat down the coat fell to the side exposing her tanned legs. She undid the rest of the coat revealing her breasts pushing against her top. The bar man took her coat as she sat and drank her drink. Some blokes tried to hit on her, but she brushed them off. She was talking to the barman when a 19-year-old caught her eye in one of the booths.

She got another drink and asked to sit with him. Chloe smiled as he gazed at the bombshell figure in front of him. He stuttered and Chloe sat down. Before long Chloe was sitting on his lap with her legs tightly wrapped round his waist. They kissed for a long time as she pushed her hard nipples into his chest. She felt the PVC turn her on even more then she was she whispered to him "Let's go to your place."

1/2 hour later they were at his place and she fucked him hard and long and she loved her new animal sexual appetite.

CH 5 - Buying the boots

On Monday Chloe took a longer-than-usual lunch and went to the shoe shop. Chloe opened the door and to ready to greet her was a girl no more than 19, completely covered in clear rubber apart from a white thong. She was Chloe's height but must have been about a 40DD and had a very trim body. She said hi to me and walked out of the shop wrapping her big coat round her glass body. My nipples got hard and my pussy got wet while I watched this glass vixen move. When she left I called out, "Hello?"

The shop assistant popped her head into the shop and said "Hi there, be with you in a minute." I sat down in my casual business suit and normal 4" shoes and waited. The assistant came back out and said, "What can I do for you?"

"I've come to buy the boots I tried on a while ago" Chloe replied

"Certainly" the shop assistant replied. She fetched the box and Chloe paid for them and went back to the office.

That week Chloe was very busy with work and only got to wear the boots on Wednesday for a couple of hours while she was at a club

CH 6 - Dressing as a slave

Chloe returned from work on Friday late and was exhausted. She had a shower and sat in front of the TV to watch some soaps. Around 9 pm the doorbell rang. She laboriously got up and went to answer it. At the door was a courier with a package. When she opened the door he blushed since Chloe's cleavage was on display. She signed for the package and he apologised for calling so late.
She closed the door and opened the package to reveal another CD-ROM and she felt compelled to use it. She walked to her computer and turned it on. When it had booted she put the CD in and it autoran and a swirls graphic came on the screen then disappeared. Then the computer turned itself off.

Chloe now hypnotised got up and walked upstairs and took out a box from her walk-in wardrobe that had not been there before and was put there by the shop people.
She put the box on the bed and then took her robe and thong off and took an unmarked bottle into the shower where she washed her entire body with it. She dried herself off and returned to the bed.

She took out the first package and it was a full-body catsuit. Within minutes her entire body was covered in very shiny and very, very clear, tight rubber. Her long blonde hair flowed out the top through a hole there. Her eyes, mouth and nostrils were left uncovered but her entire body was covered in rubber. She zipped up the zip, which left no seam or any visible way of removing the suit.
She then took out the second package, which was a clear rubber bra, thong and stockings. She then pulled the thong over her rubber clad sex and pushed the anal and pussy dildos into place. She then put the bra over her rubber clad tits and the same with the stockings. The stockings were so tight they hurt her legs slightly. Next was a clear rubber corset. She held it to her body and fastened it loosely. The corset then locked onto to her body and drew her waist down to 20 inches.

The next package was a vibrant blue rubber catsuit exactly like the clear one but designed to only fit if the other layers were put on first. It also had some modifications. It was designed so her chest looked larger than it was.
Next came blue rubber stockings and thong, but no bra this time. The next thing she did was to get the new boots she bought and put them on. The black rubber knee-highs slid on very easily over her rubber clad legs.

There were now 3 packages left in the box. The first of the three contained very, very tight black rubber opera gloves that came up to her shoulders. Next item was a black rubber collar that sealed itself to her neck. The last item was a hobble dress. She slide it up her body. When it covered her nipples by 1" it got very tight over her body yet she did not zip the side zip up.

She stood in front of the mirror she smiled at her body sealed underneath 4 layers of seamless inescapable rubber. As she walked to her bedroom door a last package at the bottom of the box caught her eye. She stopped and took it out of the box and found out that it was a blue rubber hood. She pulled it over her head and pulled her hair through it. It covered her eyes with crystal clear rubber lenses and sealed her mouth shut but she could still breathe.

She walked downstairs and picked up the two CD's she had been sent got in her car and drove into town.

CH 7 - Meeting her Master and Mistress

Chloe drove through town then out the other side. She drove for about 1 hour till she came to a huge house. She drove her Z3 into the underground parking lot and stepped out. As she closed her car door she bent down and zipped the rest of the hobble skirt up from her knee to her ankles leaving no visible seem to undo. Her steps were now limited to 3 or 4 inches.

As she walked to the door the dildos made her very aroused and her nipples became hard and the artificial ones exaggerated the effect. It took her nearly 10 minutes to reach the lift.

When in the lift she felt her body move down which meant the lift was going up. When the door was opened she walked to a study where she stood in front of a wooden desk and a man sat dressed in a rubber business suit said "Welcome Rubber Slave Chloe"

Chloe nodded and was then escorted by a very fit man concealed in rubber. When she reached her designated room, he sprayed something on my face and a mouth hole opened. He then opened the door and she walked in. He closed the door and locked it.
Chloe laid on the bed and fell asleep. While she was sleeping she came out of her hypnotic trance.

CH 8 - Defiance at her situation

When I woke up I felt different and I had a funny feeling over my entire body. As I sat up I screamed when I saw my body in an unfamiliar surrounding and dressed in blue rubber. My breasts looked bigger and there was an ache in my pussy and in my ass. I went to swing my legs off the bed and found I could only open my legs a few inches. I got to my feet and shuffled to the mirror. I gasped at what I saw. My entire body covered in blue rubber apart from my dress, gloves and feet and the collar around my neck.

I panicked and looked for a way out of the rubber but I couldn't find any seams or joins anywhere on the suit. I looked around my room and saw my bed was a king size four poster and had rubber sheets on it. The floor, walls and ceiling were rubber as well. I noticed an envelope on the rubber bedside table. I shuffled over to the bed and sat down I then opened the envelope; I was amazed at how sensual the rubber felt when I moved.

The letter said:

Dear Chloe
As you will have noticed you are encased in rubber. You are wearing more than one layer. Here is a list of what you are wearing as well as what order they are on you:
Total cover clear rubber catsuit,
Clear rubber bra, thong with built in pussy and anal dildos, stockings,
Clear rubber corset,
Blue rubber catsuit exactly like the clear one but designed to fit after the previous items were added along with enhanced breast moulds on it,
Blue rubber thong and stockings,
The knee high boots you bought in the shop,
Black rubber opera gloves,
Black rubber collar,
Black hobble dress you are wearing now

These items are, for the time being, sealed upon your body. You can not remove them or damage them in any way. You will wear them till you die of old age or submit to being a rubber slave to us, one thing I should mention is the rubber stops your aging.

If you submit to being a slave you will have unlimited pleasure of rubber. The jobs for slaves are endless. You might be sold or you might be given a hooker job or whatever we think you are right for.
Before you think of a decision, one last note.... the rubber has a special agent that means that with rubber upon rubber, e.g. you tried to rub your pussy, you will get no feeling from it at all.

Thanks for your co-operation our slave-to-be.

Yours, Your Master and Mistress

PS. Please say aloud "Seal and close"

As I said "Seal and close my mouth was pulled shut and the rubber masked covered it over again sealing it shut.

I laid back on the bed trying to sort my head out when I felt something invade my mouth and it felt like a cock. Then both of the dildos started working deep in me and I lost control and drifted in and out of sexual fantasy. When I came the dildos did not stop but carried on going. The one in my mouth started to fuck me and injected cum every so often into my mouth.

I caressed my body but to no avail I didn't get any feeling from my hands. The dildos worked their wicked magic on me for I don't know how long. I was lost in sexual heaven. When they did stop the room smelled of sex, rubber and sweat. The smell was highly erotic and my nipples were hard again.

As I laid there I thought about what the letter had said. Basically it meant surrender my body to rubber and the will of others. Right now I was wearing 4 layers of rubber and for some reason I wasn't worried about it. The day dragged on and I fell asleep, when I woke up there was some food for me I walked over to it and an opening at my mouth appeared, allowing me to eat the food. Once the food had been eaten the mouth closed again and the dildo returned. As I sat on the bed, the pussy and ass dildos started again. But this time they were only just stimulating me I couldn't understand why but after 1 hour I realised they were getting me hot and aroused but not enough to cum.

Another letter had appeared on the bedside table. I walked over to it and picked it up and opened it. This one read:

Dear Chloe (or Slave),

Yesterday you experienced your body being fucked for 12 hours straight. That was the last time your body was to be fucked. The dildos in you are now programmed to stimulate and frustrate you for the rest of your life which is forever while you are sealed in the rubber. You will also notice that your hair has become coated in rubber as well. This means your ENTIRE body is sealed behind rubber forever. The one way to get out of your clothes is to submit to being a rubber slave for us. Something else we meant to tell you is when you get to speak you will find you have a heavy, seductive, sexy Swedish accent. That is because the rubber collar has performed a molecular changed to your voice box. But you will not be able to speak unless you submit.

Yours, your Master and Mistress.

As I read the letter I was dismayed at what I read. Also I had not noticed my hair had become covered in rubber. Instead of my long flowing blonde hair it was still blonde and flowing, except each hair was now encased in clear rubber.
By the end of the day I badly needed to have an orgasm. Somehow, I managed to get to sleep. When I woke up I noticed there was now a laptop in my room. I went over to it and turned it on. Surprise, Surprise! The desktop theme was all to do with rubber and more rubber.

I open IE and all the bookmarks were for rubber sites and that's all I could access. I sat down and started to read some rubber stories and that just made me even hornier. I then went to chat and all I could go on were rooms where I was rubber slave, most of the people were good and took it from a normal conversation to me being converted to a rubber slave for them. Forgetting my predicament, I was enjoying myself.

All through the day I was getting more and more horny while I surfed the net. By the time I went to bed my pussy and nipples were on fire with pleasure. I badly needed to have an orgasm.

Just as I was about to go to sleep the laptop bleeped and carried on bleeping so I shuffled over to it and answered the e-mail. It was an email from my Masters. It read:

Dear Chloe (Rubber Slave),

How are you enjoying your torment? I bet your pussy is on fire with pleasure and you badly need to have an orgasm. This will not happen since you will not become a slave to us. You will be kept in your current predicament for the rest of eternity.

To end the fire just reply to the email and in the subject box type "I agree to be your rubber slave"

Love, your Master

I now had a huge decision to make. Could I last for the rest of my life in perpetual sexual torment or should I sacrifice my body to my Master(s) and Mistress(s) and become a slave to them and rubber?

I didn't need to think about it really. My pussy and nipples did the thinking for me and I replied, agreeing to be their slave.

I shuffled back to my bed and fell asleep.

CH 9 - The morning after

When I woke up the next day the fire from my pussy had gone and I couldn't feel the dildos in my pussy or ass anymore. I saw that I was still wearing my dress but it now had a split to just below my knee. The skirt was still bonded to the stockings preventing me accessing my pussy and I still couldn't feel anything through the rubber.

There was another letter on the bedside table. I sat up and opened it and read it. This is what it said:

Dear Rubber Slave Chloe,

As will have noticed, we are now calling you a slave. For the rest of eternity this what you will be know as.

You also will have noticed your pussy is no longer on fire. This is because you experienced a huge orgasm while you were sleeping. The dildos were also removed and a split was put in your hobble dress. You are still wearing 4 layers of rubber these will remain on you till we find you a job.

A control chip has also been placed in your neck. This chip allows us to monitor your progress as a slave and if needs allow us to, control your body if we need to.

The door is open. Feel free to wander around the complex.

When a job has been selected, you will be called for. You will be told your new job, then dressed by a Mistress

Have fun Slave.

Your Master and Mistress

I walked over to the mirror and saw my mouth was still sealed. I went to the door and opened it.

In front of me was a large corridor. As I walked along it I could walk normally now due to the split. I came across another lady in a maids outfit. I was going to speak to her but I noticed her mouth was sealed as well.

For most of the morning I explored my new home. At around 1 pm there was an announcement "Rubber Slave Chloe report to the job room". I sighed to myself realising that they had found me a job already.

CH 10 - The job

I arrived at the job room. I knocked on the door and then entered. I was asked to take a seat. I sat down in a rubber armchair. In front of me was 1 man and 2 women all wearing normal business suits.

They all introduced themselves as Sarah, John, and Amy. As I sat in the chair Amy pushed a button and my mouth became free from the rubber holding it shut.
Sarah then said "Welcome Chloe, to the job orientation meeting. We have selected a job for you, the job will last for 1 month after that time you will return here and be redressed as you are now. Any questions?"

I replied and I noticed my voice was very sexy "Is there a name for the outfits I'm wearing and what job am I to do?"

John replied to my questions "The outfits you are wearing is known as the holding outfit. This basically keeps all of your body protected and prevents you from pleasuring yourself. As for the job, a wealthy businessman is in town for 1 month and would like an escort all the time. He has sent us your travelling outfit but he will provide your other clothing. You will also obey his every command no matter how bizarre. As a precaution against this if you disagree with him too many times the chip in your neck will wipe your memory and replace it with a slut's one. Then when you return to us you old memory will be restored."

"Very well Master. Where do I go to get changed?" I asked.

"Proceed to Room 120 where you will be re-clothed." Amy replied with that and sealed my mouth back up.

I left the room and walked to Room 120. It took about 5 minutes to reach Rm. 120. When I arrived I open the door and went in. In the room it looked like a shop changing room with a huge 3-pane mirror in the middle and racks of clothing all along the sides. Over by the racks was a lady dressed as a maid in rubber. She turned round and said, "Hello, I'm Natalie the clothing Mistress" I nodded at her and she then said "Oh sorry" she pushed a button and my mouth was free.

"Hi, I'm Rubber Slave Chloe. I came to be clothed for my job." I said in my sexy voice.

"Ah yes the lady for the wealthy business man. He even provided an outfit for you, which is remarkable. Now then, let's get your holding outfit off you." I walked over to Natalie and stood where she showed me. She then proceeded to remove all the rubber I was wearing. After about 20 minutes I stood naked in the room apart from my collar with my rubber holding outfit piled on the floor. Natalie then said "Have a shower and freshen yourself up a bit."

As I walked to the bathroom I noticed I wasn't sweaty at all. "Natalie, why haven't I been sweating in the rubber?" I asked.

She then replied "Since you can never die now. The reason why you can't die is you have been exposed to the rubber for over 96 hours, which altered your DNA, and you are now immortal. Since you are now immortal we decided you wouldn't need to go to the toilet or eat. You can do these but they are not a necessity. Now run along and have your shower." I entered the bathroom and stood in the shower and washed myself. I couldn't help myself so I slipped a finger into my pussy but I couldn't feel anything. I decided that when I need to feel something in there I will. I got out of the shower and dried myself off and wrapped a towel round my body and walked back into the room. As I entered the room Natalie was looking through some clothes when she said "You don't need a towel in here dear, it's plenty warm enough in here." With that she handed me a blue rubber bathrobe. I put it on and sat down in front of the mirror.

"So what am I to wear then for this job?" I enquired.

"There is time for that later." Natalie said, as she started to style my hair. It took her nearly a 1/2 hour to style my long flowing blonde hair, when she had finished it was brushed back and set in a plated pony tail. Natalie then did the make up on my face to make me look sexy but reserved. "Your make up is now done. Time for the clothes." she announced. We walked into the middle of the room and I removed my robe and stood naked waiting to be clothed. Natalie handed me a rubber front-fastening bra, thong and very tight stockings. I put the bra and thong on, before I put the stockings on Natalie said "Sit down and I'll put them on for you"

"Why do I need to sit down?" I enquired.

"It appears that the foot of the stocking forces your feet downward so you can only wear 5" heels while you have the stockings on." Natalie replied. I nodded and sat down and she rolled the black rubber stockings onto my feet. They did indeed hold my feet down at an angle preventing me from flattening out my foot. Next she handed me a cotton shirt that I put on followed by a pair of trousers then a matching jacket. Last but not least were 5" black rubber ankle boots which were zipped up and padlocked closed. "That's it. You're about done now," Natalie said.
I walked over to the mirror and looked at my reflection. From the outside it looked as if I was wearing a normal business suit, but I knew what was really beneath the suit.

"What now, do I go to the job or what?" I asked.

She replied "Yes you do. The address was loaded into your mind through the chip, use your own car." As I walked out the door she said, "See you in a month."

CH 11 - My new job and Master

As I drove to the address in my mind I wondered what job I would be doing as an escort.

I arrived at the address a little after 4 pm. I pulled into the gravel driveway and drove up to the house. I parked my car and walked to the door and rang the bell.

The door opened and a man stood there and he said "Are you Chloe from the agency?"

I replied "Yes I am."

"Very good. I'm Mark your new master for a month." He replied.

"Very well Master, What is your wish?" I said in an obedient tone.

"We'll worry about that later Chloe. For the time being you can call me Mark. Please come in we have much to discuss." He said in a calm voice. I followed him into his house.

As we walked to the front room, a PVC maid came up and he asked for a pot of tea and biscuits. The maid nodded and walked away. "Don't worry, you won't be doing anything like that." He said in a reassuring voice.
We sat in the front room and the maid came back in and had a tray with tea and biscuits. The first thing I noticed was that she was completely covered in black rubber even her eyes were covered with one-way black, rubber lenses. She was very fit and well endowed.

As she left the room he said "That was Sarah but now she is Maid. What you saw her wearing is what she will wear till the end of time. She is from the same agency but I asked for a maid who would be permanently sealed in a rubber maid's uniform and denied all forms of pleasure. But don't worry you'll not end up like her. What I need is women who will accompany me to dinners and parties I have to attend this month while I'm in town. From the outside you will wear normal clothing. Apart from the clothing will be lined with rubber, and the outfits will be figure hugging. When you are not with me and you will be at home. You will wear a full black PVC catsuit, covering all of your body apart from your hair. Then on top of that you will wear blue PVC opera gloves, blue PVC knee high boots and a blue PVC hobble dress like your holding outfit. This is all I ask of you while you are here. You can do whatever you like but when I need you will obey me. Do you understand or have any questions?"

"Yes I understand Mark. Just one question, will I be needed to provide sexual pleasure?" I replied.

"Oh no, nothing like that, Maid takes care of that for me. All you need to do is what I have just described to you." He said. "From now on refer to me as Master in the house but at dinners things like darling, Mark etc. Now run along and get changed Slave."

"Yes Master." I replied

The Maid showed me my bedroom where my clothing was laid out on the bed. The maid stayed and helped me dress. The catsuit was very black and very shiny; it looked a size too small for me. When I pulled it on I realised it was 2 sizes to small for me. I pulled my hair through the top and I pulled the hood on and the lenses fit over my eyes. My mouth was sealed shut but my nostrils were free. Maid zipped the suit up. The suit used the same zip as on my holding outfit which when zipped up disappeared. Maid then pulled the tight blue gloves on, then the boots and the hobble dress. All the items had the sealing zip when it was all zipped up I could walk about 4" steps and like my holding outfit I couldn't feel anything. I walked over to the mirror and I was shocked at my reflection because in the mirror was a black shiny alien figure with blue gloves, boots and a dress on and long flowing hair. I was wearing the same lenses as the maid.

I walked back downstairs and my Master was in the front room as I shuffled in he said "Much better slave. Please sit down." I shuffled over to the PVC seat he indicated and sat down. The PVC pulled very, very tight over my ass and breasts. He smiled.

Over the next couple of hours he chatted to me and told me more about himself and how he likes rubber, what he does for business etc. At around 7 pm he said "Best get ready for your first outing." He escorted me upstairs and helped me remove my dress, gloves, boots and catsuit. He then handed me a white cotton thong which I put on. He then pulled out a dress and some 5" shoes. He unzipped the dress at the back and held it out for me. I stood in it and felt the rubber lining as he pulled it up my body it hugged my contours. It left me with nice cleavage. He zipped it up and I felt the zip disappear. He then put the shoes on me and said I was ready. He got ready and we went to a fund raising dinner.
Over the next month I wore many rubber-lined outfits and also spent a fair amount of time in my day outfit. At the end of the month I was returned to the agency, wearing what I arrived in. I went to Rm. 120 and within a 1/2 hour I was back in my holding outfit.

CH 12 - Shock and Horror

I returned to the agency and was put back into my holding outfit, this time it seemed even tighter. When I woke up with a start I noticed I was in my own room with no rubber on just a bra and thong I wore to bed last night. I sat up in bed and could feel every part of my body including my pussy. I got up and pulled a robe round me and looked for any sign of what just happened. I could find none.
I showered and went to work. At lunch I tried to find the shop again but I couldn't so I decided it must have been a very vivid dream.

I went home and decided to go to a club, I donned my usual clubbing gear and went to my favourite club, where I had a great time.

The next day was Saturday and I never worked on Saturday, so I decided to check out the rubber web sites since I enjoyed them in my dream. At least.... I thought it was a dream. Soon I was on a rubber chat server and I decided I should be a very submissive slave. I got a view takers on my offer.

I got to talking with a male about 30ish you was called Rubber Master.

<Rubber Master> Well Slave tell me about yourself

<Rubberslave>My name is Chloe and I come from Sweden. My stats are 36c-24-35. I'm 5'9", long blonde hair, green eyes, well tanned. I'm also only able to wear 5" heels or greater.

<Rubber Master>Your name is not Chloe.. it's Slave, and you address me as Master. Do you understand Slave?

<Rubberslave>Yes Master

<Rubber Master>Good Slave. Now tell me why you can only wear 5" or greater

<Rubberslave>I can only wear 5" or greater since I have worn 5" for 6 years and my legs have adapted to the 5" heel. The doctors said I can never walk flat footed again and no surgery could help either.

<Rubber Master>Good, I like a Slave who can wear high heels. Now tell me slave... are you new?

<Rubberslave>Yes Master I am

<Rubber Master>Very nice. So you would be willing to be trained by me into a perfect rubber slave?

<Rubberslave>Yes Master. I will

<Rubber Master>Good now give me your address and I'll send you a package. When it arrives you are to do as the letter instructs you. Do you understand, Slave?

This was a big decision. Should I give him my address and become a rubber slave or leave the rubber world behind.

<Rubberslave>Yes Master. My address is : Chloe's House, Cherry Tree lane, Beds, BE1 9QP.

<Rubber Master>Very good slave. Now I must leave. You are not to talk to anyone else on the net or discuss this event with any one.

::Remote Closed::

I walk to the corner shop and bought a lottery ticket since the jackpot was $100 million. I walked back, changed into a bikini and sun bathed for the afternoon wondering what was going to be sent to me. At about 6 pm I slipped my 5" sandals on, wrapped a robe round me and walk into the house. I nuke a chicken curry and sat in front of the TV to watch the evening shows.

The lottery came on as I was eating my ice cream the numbers were called out I didn't hear them all at first but when they were read out again I realised that they were my numbers. I screamed in surprise. It was announced one person had won the whole $105 million jackpot and was urged to phone the number. I did.
By Sunday morning my name was in all the papers. As I walked into work on Monday everyone clapped and cheered for me. My boss asked me into his office. He then said "Chloe, I know you won the lottery, and we all know you are a valuable member of our team but if you want to leave we are prepared to release you from your contract."

I sat in the office waiting for it to sink in. The thought then ran through my mind... If I had no work I could concentrate on being a proper rubber slave. I then replied to Al, "I love working here, and I know I'm valuable and I would like to stay, but I would most like to enjoy my life."

"I understand Chloe. I would do the same in your position." He replied. He stood up kissed me on the cheek and led me into the offices where he announced I was going to leave.

I then made a brief speech and said to Al, let's close for the next two days and get pissed celebrating. Al didn't have time to answer. Everyone cheered and all the blokes lifted me onto their shoulders and paraded me around.

We spent the next two days partying. I spent the next week giving interviews and doing photo shoots and I had completely forgotten about my chat with Rubber Master. I was away on holiday when the package was delivered.

CH 13 - The package

I returned from my holidays and I open my mail box and found it filled with letters, requests and a large box. I then remembered Rubber Master. I realised this must be the start of slave training.

I took all my mail and sifted through it all leaving the parcel to last. I opened it and there was a letter on top of another box. The letter had 'Read First' in bright, bold blue letters, so I did. The letter said:

Dear Chloe,

I hope you are enjoying the high life. This is the start of your slavery if you want. If you like, you can back out now and not open the second box. You can return it to the return address and I will not be angry. If, however, you open the second box you will have agreed to be my slave, trained by me.
Yours, Rubber Master.

I sat looking at the box deciding whether to go for a light rubber experience or put on whatever was in the box and be trained as a totally submissive rubber slave for my Master. If I agreed I wondered how long I would be his slave and what he would do to me. I thought, 'Why the fuck not? What's the worst he can do?"
I opened the second box revealing a letter and two bottles labeled 1 and 2.

The second letter said:

Dear Slave,

You have decided to become a slave, it is the most wonderful thing in the world. First lock all your doors and windows and draw all your curtains, blinds etc. Take the box upstairs and leave it sealed in your bedroom. Then go into the shower and use bottle one and wash your entire body from your neck down. Then get dried and apply bottle 2. Then open the box for the last instructions.

Yours truly,

Rubber Master

I obeyed the letter and watched as all my body hair fell from my body. I then applied the white powder and opened the last box. The box was filled with lots of black rubber items and a letter.

This letter said:
Slave please put these items on:

Catsuit, make sure the dildos are inserted
The mask
Thong
6" thigh boots
Corset
Gloves
Dress
Last, pump up the mouth gag

Then put all the items in the provided bag and drive to the following address:

The Country Manor
Sleepindale
Oxford
OX1 9RM

I pull out a limp, shiny, black object, which resembles the shape of a boneless, bloodless human being. I liberally sprinkle the interior of the object with talcum powder. The white of the powder contrasts starkly with the black sheen of the rubber. I put my right leg into the right leg of the catsuit. It slips easily into the cold darkness of the suit. I do the same with the left one. A faint tingle stirs in my loins. I wriggle my bottom in order to make sure there are no air pockets or wrinkles in the rubber clinging to my calves and thighs. I feel the pressure of the rubber on the skin of my legs. It excites me. I pull the suit up to my waist, slowly, carefully, feeling the vaginal and anal dildos sliding up into my lower bodily orifices. I inch the suit up until I'm fully penetrated by the cold, hard dildos.

I squeeze each arm into the sleeves until my fingernails reach the end of the suit. The rubber clings to my nails and abuts smoothly into the gaps between each finger. My breasts experience the smooth, cold rubber enclosing them, slowly. My nipples respond in kind by turning hard and protruding so that they are distinctly outlined by the glossy black rubber. I reach behind me and pull the zip up to my neck. I look in the mirror. I cannot see my body. All I see is a slinky, shiny black object. I run my rubber shod hands over my smooth, flawless exterior. Starting at the crown of my head and lacing in the back, I put on the mask. it fits snugly. I pull the zip down to my neck and pull the laces, tight, tying them off neatly. I notice that the sounds from the outside world have receded into the distance. I only hear the sound of my own breathing. I do up the two straps at the bottom of the mask, which fit round my neck. My excited eyes look at my enclosed body in the mirror. I admire the shape of my bottom, the way my breasts are outlined by the tight fit of the rubber, the curve of my rubber clad thighs. My black silhouette appears menacing in the mirror.
I sit down on the edge of my bed. I take the boots out of the bag. I slip into the right boot. It shines and glistens, it's patent surface distorts the reflection of my hooded face as I tie up the laces and then snap the padlock, shut. I put on the left one. I stand up in my six inch stiletto heeled thigh boots. I feel haughty and powerful. As I pace in my room. I pick up a shiny black corset. It is laced up at the back. It fits under breasts and extends down to cover my stomach. I place it around my torso and fit the front fastening together. I gasp as it pulls my stomach in, straightening my spine, thrusting my round, rubber enclosed breasts upward and outward.

I then pull out a dress that is very tight and designed to go on after the other layers are on my body. It just covers my nipples and barely covers my pussy
I put my hands around my small waist. I stare at my body sideways in the mirror and admire the straight line running from the tip of my heel to the top of my head. I pick up the gag and fasten it around my head. I pump the bulb which hangs limply from the front of the gag. the gag expands in my mouth, pushing my checks against the cold material of the mask. My breathing becomes more laboured, my heart rate has picked up slightly. I feel excited. Anticipation makes the adrenaline pump around my body. I tremble with trepidation. I sit on the floor. My body is covered in sweat. I feel moist between my legs. A dampness on my breasts. I detect just the faintest of aromas in my nostrils as the smell of the sweat and the lubrication from my moist vagina mingle and waft up the holes in my mask.

As I pushed the valve into my mouth and put the provided cap over it, I realised I had no way of removing the suit. "Damn," I thought but I was so consumed with the possibilities that I forgot to see if there was a way out.
With a heavy heart I got in my car and drove to the manor.

CH 14 - The Rubber School

It takes me about 2hrs to drive to the manor where I was to become a rubber slave. As I approached the manor the gates opened. As I drove down the gravel road I was entering a valley. After many twists and turns I come up to the manor.
It is a lovely sight to behold, very old yet strangely modern. I park my car in the mini carpark and walk to the big wooden door and ring the bell.

The door opened and a women in a black rubber catsuit and with what I guessed at were 8" heels in a maids dress. Her face was featureless. She beckoned my to follow her so I did. She led me into a room with a couple of chairs in. The room was done in a contempory feel. Sitting in one of the chairs was a man wearing jeans and T-shirt. He nodded at the maid and she left. He then stood up and walked over to me and removed the gag from my head. "Please have a seat, Chloe"

"Thank you, Master" I replied in an obedient tone.

He then started a speech he had said thousands of times over. "Please don't call me Master just yet. Before we continue I'm going to give you one last chance to stop. If you do I will not be mad or will my associates and you can keep the clothes as a present. However if you decide to become a slave, you will be trained for 2 weeks then put on an list of available rubber slaves. Any member of our organisation can choose you for a job if they wish and they dictate what you wear. The list even includes very high ranking politicians the world over. You would do whatever they asked or the punishment would be extremely severe and permanent. I'll give you an example, we have far superior technology and we would change you into rubber bed sheets and then be put in a shop, or you might be changed into a pair of breasts for someone, but rest assured you will not like it. You don't have to answer now if you don't want but answer carefully since it will be your last free decision. Now, any questions?"

"Just one I think, do I ever get to leave if for instance I didn't like it?" I enquired.

"If you accept you will be a slave forever, if you try to escape you will not be punished but your mind will be overlaid by a slaves mind making you mindless slave. Most people don't want a mindless slave. Next question is if you accept, what is you favourite colour?" he replied.

I then replied "Ok, Yes I agree to be a slave. My favourite colour has to be blue."

He smiled and nodded. At that time, a maid walked in with a small blue box. She placed it on the table and left. He then asked me to stand up and asked me one last time if I wanted to back out. I said no. "Now, let's get you out of those clothes."

He walked behind me and I heard a click and I removed my clothes. He saw I was cold and handed me a robe and a pair of 5" sandals. He walked to the box and picked it up and pulled out a blue helmet. He then said "Since you have worn at least 5 inches for over 6 years we do not have to train you for walking in heels which is a bonus."

He held out the helmet and said this would be my life, my status as a slave. He told me once this was on it could never ever come off under any circumstances. I nodded. He brushed my hair up into a ponytail on my head and pulled my long blonde hair through the hole in the helmet, he then pulled it over my face. To say it was tight was an understatement. It was very painful when it was on. My mouth was still free. I watched a mirror as my face was enveloped in blue rubber forever. He then pressed the collar on the hood together and the hood sucked into all my features. My eyes were covered by lenses. I felt my face I could feel every bump and hole on my skin just as if it were real. He then said "Now you are enslaved and you can walk round the grounds freely. The helmet is programmed so any unauthorised leaving of the premises will result in the helmet covering your entire body in rubber, then crush you to death." I nodded weakly as a last thought. He said my nipples and pussy were to be covered at all times when I leave my room and I must always have 6" heels on, no exceptions. He kisses me on the lips before fitting a gag in my mouth. The straps melted into the helmet. He then left.

The maid came back in and beckoned me to follow her. I did as I was instructed. I followed the maid upstairs and she showed me into a huge room and every surface was blue rubber. I had a bedroom, living room, study, bathroom and a huge walk in wardrobe filled with every different rubber outfit you could think of. The maid tapped me on the shoulder and pointed at my shoes I remembered what my Master said so I removed my shoes and gave her the robe. The maid then left.
I walked on tip toes since that's the only way I could walk. I found a pair of black rubber 6" heeled knee high boots and put them on, relaxing when I knew I could unzip them. I then put on a bikini which barely covered my nipples and shaven pussy. I followed that with a rubber robe and explored my new world.

CH 15 - Dressing for the Party

I was watching TV when my Master came in around 6 pm. He sat next to me and asked me if I was ok. I nodded. He then said there was a party tonight. I was going as his guest. He said he would help me dress, since he had a special outfit in mind. He removed the gag and told me to have a shower. as I entered the bathroom I saw some heels in the shower which I was meant to wear while I showered or bathed. I washed my body and didn't think about pleasuring myself.

I dried myself off and walked into my room where there were 5 items on my bed: a pair of red boots which white fur trim, a red rubber dress with white fur trim top and bottom, and red gloves with white fur trim. I guessed it was a Christmas party.

I walked over to him and he said to me, "Your formal training will begin tomorrow so you don't need to call me master or anything... just call me Tim."

"Ok, Tim. I take it this is an Xmas party." I said in my quirky voice.

"Yes it is and this is your outfit. Can you sit on the bed so I can put your boots on and gloves?" He said in a normal voice. I nodded and removed my robe and boots and sat on the bed. He then picked up the right 6" heeled boot and slid my foot into it. As he zipped it up I winced as it was almost painfully tight. "Sorry about the tightness but we love tight rubber. He then zipped the left boot onto me and locked them shut with little Xmas tree locks. I held out my arm for him to put the glove on it. It was rolled onto my arm, it was just as tight as the boots, maybe tighter. The glove came up to 1/2 way between my elbow and my shoulder. The second was rolled on and he said they had a bit of glue to stop them sliding off. He assured me they weren't permanent. He then had me stand up and I gasped as I saw how well my lower legs were define in my boots. "You like?" he asked.

"God yes. I've always wanted my calves to look like that." I replied.

"Well just maybe you will have." He then said "Time for the dress." He held it out in front of me. It was obvious it had a built in bra and panties. The dress was zipped from bottom to the top. I stepped in it and he pulled it up my legs. He then closed the bra, telling me it was for a 34c bust. He then started to zip the dress up. He had to pull very hard to get the bottom of the zips to meet. When they did, he said it would zip up automatically. As he said that I felt the dress closing round my thighs and ass. As I watched in the mirror I felt my legs pull tightly together since the dress went from 1/2 way down my thighs. As the zip went over my ass the dress hugged my ass defiantly, showing every curve as it went. As it reached my chest I moaned as it crushed my tits even more. There was another click and the zip disappeared. I looked in the mirror and it looked like my normal skin but blue rubber. At my breasts the rubber had stretch lines over it. He then handed me a necklace and a ring. Both were shaped as Xmas trees made out of diamonds. The necklace settled nicely in my cleavage and the ring fit my middle finger. He explained that the ring and necklace identified my master and that I had not started slave training. He went on and said every body knew the perils of touching a master's new slave.

CH 16 - The Party

We got to the foyer of the house and Tim handed me a long black fur coat which he put on me. We walked out into the cold night air to the limo. I looked at my feet and noticed as I walked, my boots didn't crease.

We got into the car and the limo pulled away. On the way, Tim explained that there were going to be a lot of Masters with new slaves. I was free to talk to any soon-to-be slaves but I could not talk to any current slaves or Masters.
It took about 2 hrs for us to reach the party. When the door was opened, I gasped when I saw a totally black shiny man. I hesitated but Tim whispered "It's ok." I got out the car and the contrast between by vibrant blue outfit and my black coat was stunning.

As we walked up the steps I felt my outfit rubbing all over my body. It also felt it was getting tighter but I dismissed that idea as I trotted up the steps to the huge house. Our coats were taken and we walked as equals into the huge ballroom. As soon as we entered I could smell the scent of rubber heavy in the room. And as I looked round I saw a number of women in the same type of outfit as me, boots, gloves and a very tight dress plus the mask.

I split up from Tim and went my own way. I got a glass of wine and chatted to a few other slaves but they weren't very talkative. I got another glass of wine and went to look at the gallery.

CH 17 - The gallery

I opened the door to the gallery expecting to find pictures of rubber. Instead, there was some very fine art in there. I looked round and no one was else was about so I went in. My heels clicked loudly on the wooden floor. I walk slowly, standing to look at each picture for a good while.

I reached the 4th painting and the door opened. A man wearing a black rubber dinner suit walked in and towards me. When he was close I noticed he carried the mark of a Master. I bowed my head but he said "Now Chloe, you're not a slave till tomorrow so you can talk and look at me."

"How did you know my name?" I asked

"Well, you've been the most talked about slave-to-be for a very long time." The master replied.

"Wow." I said as I returned to the art. He stood next to me quite close, possibly too close for comfort but I let him do it. As we stood in silence looking at the art, he slide his arm round my waist and rested his arm on my tits, he then pushed me up against the wall & tried to kiss me while he was playing with my tits. I knew this was wrong and I said "You're not allowed to do this!!" He replied "Well, Who's going to know?"

With that I threw my wine in his eyes and kneed him in the balls and ran out of the gallery, I walked fast and calmly to the ballroom and looked around for my Master.

I spotted him at the far side of the room. As I approached him he turned round and said, "Can I help you Chloe?"

"Umm, I think so, can I have a private word with you?" I said in a quaky voice.
He was about to say no, but he saw my eyes and said, "Ok, We'll go over here." He took me into a side room and asked me, "What's wrong?"

"I know I'm not a slave till tomorrow and all, but a Master tried to kiss me, and felt my breasts." I said, starting to cry a bit.

"Ok, Which Master was it?" He asked in a soft tone.

Between sniffles I managed to say "The one with a lion on it."

Tim turned bright red and called for a soon-to-be-slave. He told her to look after me for a while, then stormed out of the room.

CH 18 - Before the Trial

He went back into the ballroom, got the band to quiet down, then picked up the mic and said to the whole room, "Your attention please." Everyone stopped talking and looked to the stage. When he was satisfied everyone was listening he began. "As you all know we're here tonight with our soon-to-be-slaves and we told them to be obedient and told them the rules. Well tonight the rules were broken."

There was a gasp from the Masters since no one had ever broken the slave rules. He then continued, "My new slave-to-be, Chloe has had a disturbing time a couple of minutes ago. Although she is not a slave proper yet, she came to me with some disturbing news. While she was in the gallery a Master, not myself, violated her body." This drew another gasp from the Masters and Mistresses. They all knew that no one had ever violated a slave.

He then said, "The Master in question is Leo." Everyone looked around the room for him, but he was no where to be found. All of a sudden two black bouncers came in with Leo in their arms. They threw him to the floor and left.
He was immediately cuffed by two women wearing rubber cop dresses. He was brought before Tim and was asked, "Do you deny the charge of Slave Violation?"

Leo replied in a nasty voice, "Of course I do that blonde tramp is making it up."

With that, Tim hit Leo in the face and he was carried away. Tim then addressed the Masters and Mistresses. "This is a grave day for us. Since this has never happened before, but it is in the Rubber Law, a full trial will be held as soon as possible. This means no slaves are to be initiated and no one can leave the building till the trial is over. The first thing we need to do is to get hold of one of our top judges. If need be call in some favours. Meanwhile, we need to get the courtroom ready. That's all for now." With that he got down and the Masters and Mistress started to get things organised. He asked a Master if his slave-to-be currently looking after me can stay with me through the trial. He agreed.

When Tim came through the door, I was lying on the sofa with my big fur coat round me and Sara was attending to me. We had started watching some TV. I saw Tim, and asked "What happened?"

"Well, we've found Leo and he denied the charge and claimed you made it up. So as a consequence, we have to have a trail. We have called in a very good judge and Leo's got a very good lawyer." He replied.
"I need to find a lawyer, Where do I find one for this type of court case?" I enquired.

"Don't worry about that, I'll be your lawyer, since I am one of the few lawyers who know all of the Rubber Law." He then turned to Sara and said "Now Sara, I have cleared it with your Master-to-be that you are to look after Chloe for the time up to the trial and the duration of the trial."

Sara replied "Yes Master."

"You're not a slave yet so you can call me Tim. Now Chloe, is their anything I can get you?" Tim asked quietly.

"Umm, A bed to sleep in, and maybe a change of clothes to something equally flattering but not as tight and more concealing." Came my quiet reply.

"Shouldn't be a problem. Sara will sleep in your apartment tonight, and there will be a couple of guards outside your room since Leo was a powerful Master and had many friends." With that 4 policewomen came into the room and escorted Sara and me up to a secure floor.

We were shown into our apartment. There were 2 bedrooms and an ensuite bathroom in each bedroom, a lounge, and a kitchen. The beds were huge. On the bed was a note which read 'use the tool provided to remove the dress'. the gloves and boots will have to be removed by someone else'. I called Sara in and we helped each other get undressed. We were both the same in that we could only wear 5" heels. We got some from our wardrobes and some rubber robes and thongs. We put our sandals, thongs and robes on and went into the kitchen.

I went to the freezer to get some ice-cream. When I walked away, Sara giggled, "What's so funny Sara?" I asked.

"You, Look at your nipples." She replied in giggles.

I looked down and my nipples were pushing hard against the tight robe. "Be quiet" I got 2 spoons and we sat on the huge sofa and started eating ice cream and put the TV on. That night we spent telling each other how we had ended up as slaves to be. Our stories were similar.

I woke up next morning on the sofa. I got up and heard the shower on. I guessed it to be Sara so I went and had my own shower. I put some sandals on followed by a Basque and a skirt. I walked into the kitchen and there was Sara sitting wearing a very form-fitting dress. "Morning Sara." I said in a chirpy tone.
Sara turned round and smiled and replied "Hello, sleepy head. I got you breakfast." So for the next hour we sat down and talked while we ate our fried breakfast.
It was 11 am before we finished. By now it was a very beautiful day and I said to Sara, "I need to top my tan up." Sara looked at me and smiled. I walked into my room and put on a blue bikini, sandals and a pink rubber robe, I walked into the kitchen and asked Sara "You coming out?"

"In a minute" was the reply. I sat down and got comfy, Sara came out a little later with a cool-box. she said "Full of coke." She was wearing the same as me, I closed my eyes to get an even tan, we were tanning ourselves and we didn't hear the door open and close. The next thing we heard was Tim saying hello. Sara called out "We're on the balcony."

Tim walked out and said "Hi." I waved my hand he then said "Good news, the trial is in 2 days time, we need to get your case together."

"Why do I need a case it's a simple his word over mine." I replied.

"Yes, I know that, but he is very powerful and you're new." Tim replied.

"Ok, Ok, I'll come in." With that I picked up my sunglasses slipped my sandals on and pulled the robe on to walk into the house. We sat in the kitchen and I ordered a ham sandwich. While I was eating it, Tim was going over what happened. By now it was 2 pm and the sun was off the balcony so I suggested that we carry on the balcony.

For the next day and a half we went over the case again and again.

Ch 19 - The Trial

On the day of the trial Tim arrived early, and I got ready. I was
waiting for him while I sat on my bed. He came in with a blue box. He
said, "I've got you something nice for the trial." With that he held up
a long blue dress.

He handed me the dress, boots, thong and bra. I put them all on and I
looked stunning, the dress was tight over my ass and tits but not too
tight and fairly loose over my legs.

We walked slowly to the courtroom Sara in tow, I was surrounded by
police officers since this was a serious case and an attempt on my life
might be made. We walked up to the table I sat down followed by Tim and Sara who sat
next to me. Leo then came in and sat down with his lawyers. Tim knew
they were some of the best there were. The judge came in; it was one of the Supreme Court judges. Tim whispered
to me "He's a fair Judge." I nodded back.

The judge sat down and so did everyone else in the courtroom. He then
spoke "This is a grave time for our culture. Never before has this ever
happened. Chloe has accused Master Leo of violating her body and
breaching our sacred laws. If he were found guilty the results would be
very grave indeed. Now if the defence and prosecution would like to make
their opening statements we can get right along with the trial." He then
smacked the gavel and the defence lawyer stood up and walked in front of
the jury.

"I stand before you today to prove to you that a long standing and well
mannered man and Master has been falsely accused by a Slave to be.
Furthermore I will prove that Tim's new Slave is not worthy to be a slave
in our great culture and she is guilty of wrong doing." The defence then
sits.

Tim squeezes my hand and walks to the front of the Jury. "Ladies and
Gentlemen of the Jury, I stand before you to prove that Master Leo
violate my Slave to be, furthermore I will prove that she is one of the
most eligible slaves of all time." Tim returns to the bench and whispers
"We'll be all right."

(I'll add the whole court case stuff in, once I can think of some good
dialogue. If you have any ideas mail them to Rubber\_Chloe@hotmail.com)

Over the course of the trial a couple of attempts were made on my life
and Sara did get injured once. As a result Sara and me were dressed,
completely in super black latex, which meant we would be protect against
any attack internally or externally.

The day finally came where the verdict was to be read out. We were all
in the courtroom waiting. The jury filed in and the Judge said,
"Chairman of the Jury please read out the verdict."

"We the Jury find the defendant Guilty on the charges of: Violation of a
Slave, Breaking our Sacred Laws." A gasp went through the crowd gathered
in the courtroom.

The judge then said, "We will adjourn while I consider the sentence." He
then dismissed the court and Sara, Tim and I sat there in silence, and
waiting for the fact we had won to sink in.

Ch 20 - The Kidnapping and Changes

The trial had finished and Leo had been found guilty of attempting to
use another's slave. He was to be sentenced in a few days time. Meanwhile
Sara and myself were upstairs in the flat with police guard while we
celebrated our success.

As we drunk the wine we watch some TV, there was a noise outside but we
dismissed it as something on TV. Just then the door burst open and 4
shiny black figures burst in, and ran towards us very quickly. Before we
could react they sprayed something in our faces and we both collapsed.

We were bundled into separate black rubber sacks and taken to the
basement and put in a van, which was then driven off into the night.

I awoke in a white room strapped to a table I was naked and Sara was on
a similar table opposite me. I couldn't move or talk, I was scared and I
could tell Sara was scared as well. We had no idea where we were, or
what we were doing here.

Just then a door opened and 2 blondes walked in ballet boots and very
tight white rubber nurses outfits. One carried a box and the other
carried a few bags of clear liquid for an IV drip.

The nurses ignored me for the time being and one stroked Sara nipples
and said something I did not catch. The first one open the box and puled
out a pair of clear rubber hotpants, from where I was laying there looked
like there was something on the back of them, but I could not see what
it was.

Quickly they pulled the hotpants onto Sara and pulled them up very
tightly on her. Next an IV drip was inserted into her left arm and the
clear liquid attached to it and set running.

The nurses then started to move towards me. I tried to struggle, but
they soothed me by rubbing my nipples. One of the blondes leant over and
said, "My, my Chloe, you picked the wrong Master to accuse. For that you
are to become a plaything for Leo, and I know you're thinking he's going
to be convicted, but without you two there is no case. Now let me explain
what we are going to do to you."

The second nurse held up another pair of clear rubber hotpants. She
showed me the underside and it looked like there was a space for my
pussy and what looked like a second one moulded out of the rubber where
my asshole was (for lack of a better word). She then spoke "Our Master,
has deemed you both become love doll sluts, but for that, sluts need two
pussies, so that what these hotpants will give you, in a week they will
dissolve and leave you with two sensitive very wet pussies." With that
the hotpants were pulled up my legs and pulled tightly against me.

The first nurse pushed a needle into my arm and hooked up the IV. "Don't
worry Chloe, in the bag is a new drug for women like you, who are to
become sluts. It will enter your system and alter you at a molecular
level. It will slowly make you incredibly horny, your nipples & clit will
become very hard and sensitive. Your 2 pussies will be constantly wet,
but not just wet, but dripping wet, so for the rest of your life your
juices will stream down your legs. This will of course mean your pussies
will need to be enclosed in very tight trousers or tights to stop you
dripping everywhere. At a cosmetic level, your eyes will turn from green
to deep blue, and your lovely golden blonde hair, will turn to a true
blonde a slut blonde. Oh I almost forgot, once you have changed nothing
can satisfy you not even a Masters cock, anything will just make you
more wet and horny." With that the nurses left leaving Sara and me,
being slowly turned into sluts, but for what purpose.

After what seemed ages two maids walked in followed by a women who looked
like a clothing assistant you would find in clothes shops. Each of the
maids put a pile of boxes next to our beds, and waited. Again Sara was
first, this time though a maid blocked my view of her.

The lady then walked over to me, the maid still blocking my view of what
had been down to Sara, all I could hear was a quiet humming I had not
heard before. "Ahh Chloe, I see the transformation has begun. I'm
Sophia; I'm in charge of the second level of preparations of new sluts
for Leo. I've only got a few items so please don't make this hard on
yourself." I relax my body the best I can as a maid pulls out a pair
of 8-inch ballet boots in clear rubber. "I know what you're thinking Chloe,
and no these boots will not become part of you, they will only
permanently adjust your feet for 8" ballet boots." Since I wore 5" all
the time the pain when my feet were forced into the boot was not that
great, but I could feel my toes being forced into the pointed tip, as
the maid tightened the boots on me. Next came a gag, followed by a clear
rubber corset, but it looks impossibly small for me. Sophia leant over
"I hope you like corsets, because we have to get your waist from a fat 24
inches to a slutty 14 inches. Again the corset will not bind to you, but
the changes imposed by the corset are absolute." The corset was wrapped
round my torso, and the cables at the back were connected to the locking
hoops and the corset plugged in and the motor started to wind in slowly.
Sophia kissed me on the forehead and left with the maids and turned out
the lights. I then screamed in pain and passed out.

Meanwhile back at the mansion, our kidnapping had been discovered, the
guards were no help since they had been injected with a memory remover,
and had no idea who they were or what they were doing in rubber
clothing.

Since neither Sara nor myself were found, Leo was released on the
grounds it was an elaborate hoax. His record was cleared and re-instated
as a Master. He smile as he signed his release paper, knowing that Sara
and me were in the process of being enslaved as sluts.

Around a week later, 4 maids came into the room; by now the drug had
fully taken effect, both of our bodies had changed. It only took 2 days
on the drug but we were kept on it for over a week to make sure it was
set in very deeply. We were untied and pulled onto our feet, the corsets
were removed, our waists very tiny, the skin and muscle from our waists
had been forced up onto our breasts, dramatically increasing our bust to
40D. The hotpants had been removed; one of the maids pushed her rubber
fingers into each of our dual pussies, we both moan through the gags.
Our juices were streaming down our legs, a lead was attached to our
collar and we were pulled along. We stumbled in our ballet boots but the
maids helped us.

I was forced to kneel at someone's feet while Sara was led away and
through another door. I looked up and saw the grinning face of Leo. I went to lash out at him,
but a maid knew this would happen and jabbed me with a taser. I recoiled
from the shock. "My dear Chloe, how you struggle against something that
can not be stopped. Just look and see what is happening to your friend
Sara."

I was turned round to face a glass window over looking a metal table.
Sara was brought in she had none of her clothing on, she struggled but a
maid rubbed her clit and she was soon pacified, I was shocked how she
could be tamed so quickly.

Sara was strapped down as a number of boxes were brought in followed by
4 rubber nurses. "Watch Chloe as your friend becomes a statue!" He said
with an evil slant in his voice.

I watched as earplugs were pushed into Sara's ears. A catsuit was then
produced it was of the shiniest, loveliest blue I have ever seen. The
nurses started pulling the suit over her legs, I could see the suit was
at least 4 sizes too small for her old body let alone her new body. It
took a long time for her legs to be encased in the rubber. Next two 10"
monster dildos were slid into her wet pussies and the suit pulled up over
the top, sealing the dildos deep in her.

The suit was then pulled up over her hips and her lower half was
smoothed out to remove any imperfections in the finish. Her arms were
pushed into the arms, and instead for gloves there were fingerless
mittens with fingers super imposed on them. Next were her ample breasts
pushed into the suit, which was the right size for her chest, but
supported underneath to make a show of them. The last thing of the suit was the hood, it had no hole for her mouth,
and lenses covered the eyes to give her an alien look and only little
nostrils tubes that were pushed up into her nose. Her long tarty hair
was puled through the top.

As I watched I realised my darkest fantasy was coming true right before
my eyes, but on Sara, I half hoped I was in store for the same fate. The suit was heat-sealed and the air sucked out making it as tight as
possible on Sara's body, but the rubber would shrink over the next few
hours anyway.

Once the suit was on the next box opened was a pair of blue rubber thigh
high boots with 9" ballet heels and sharply pointed tip in the middle of
the foot. A maid entered and started to lace the boots up using a black
box to make sure were very tight on her legs, while the maids did this
the nurses start to roll the gloves on to Sara's arms. The gloves had no
purpose other than decoration. The maids left after the boots were
securely laced and sealed.

A pair of panties was pulled over her again for decorative effect. Next
thing was a corset. I had seen corsets before but this was once a
monster of epic proportions. It reached form the tops of her thighs to
her nipples. The corset was wrapped round Sara and the wires connected,
I then saw them plug the corset in, and it started to close. It did not
take long for the corset to be fully closed and sealed again.

Now only three boxes remained. The next item was a hood. On the surface
were the moulded features of a goddess, with a gag in her mouth this was
pulled over her head, her hair pulled through it as well. The next item
was a diamond-studded collar, which was placed round her neck and then
sealed.

The last box contain what looked like a blue rubber tube. Leo said it
was a hobble dress with a circumference of 10 inches, the narrowest part
of Sara was 13 inches. It would never fit and if it did, it would be
very painful to wear. A metal machine was brought in and the dress is slid over it. Sara was
pushed in the stretched out dress. A nurse pushed a button and the
machine started to move forward up Sara's body, the dress falling off
the back of the machine onto her body.

Leo said behind me "She will be experiencing extreme pain from the dress
and extreme pleasure from the dildos, she will not know what to do."

I watched in horror as her body was crushed by the dress. As the dress
was applied it did look very sexy on her. The machine took an hour to put
the dress on again the dress had enough room to accommodate her breasts. She was then pulled up off the table and strapped to a pole that had
just been brought in. From where I was kneeling it looked like she was a
statue.

"Its your turn now my dearest Chloe, or is that Slut 1" He kissed me and
then left as a maid pulled me to my feet, I struggled but her fingers
worked my clit and I became pacified again. All my clothing was removed and I was taken into the room, Sara was gone
now. They started with the suit, by the time the dildos were pushed home
I passed out with pleasure.

Ch 21 - The Foyer and Commands

I awoke slowly my body in cramps from something crushing me, I then
remember what I saw happen to Sarah and guessed it had happened to me.
From my limited situation I could see we were on pedestals in a foyer of
some building.

Leo then walked into our view. He picked up a microphone and spoke into
it "My dearest Chloe and Sarah. You have been taken from your old lives
and given new ones as my new set of rubber slut statues. You are in the
foyer of my rubber companies headquarters. And you will stay here for
some time and I hope you enjoy" With that he walked off and white noise
filled our ears.

Underlying the white noise was a voice telling us "We love our rubber
skin. We never want to leave rubber. We obey Leo. We never want to be
naked again" Also I had another command that was saying "My name is Slut
1" Sarah had the same message but hers was "My name is Slut 2"

After a while we thought as ourselves as sluts.
