---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Jumbo Sale
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n/a
---

\*
\*
The Jumbo Sale
by Studbound

Some years ago, my wife Lisa and I went to a jumbo sale on a Saturday.
We noticed some pieces of unusual equipment on one of the tables, somewhat
out of the way. There were some handcuffs and two things I couldn't identify.
We asked the man running the sale about them. He said it was rather embarrassing
but apparently the couple who had owned the house before had been into
what he called "that tie-up stuff" and he and his elderly wife just wanted
to get rid of all the "bondage junk" because  it took up a lot of
space. There was a lot more, he said and he said he'd give it all to us
for fifty quid.

I started to say that we weren't interested but Lisa said, "Come on,
baby, we could have all kinds of fun with that stuff." Lisa was always
more liberal about sex than I was, and I tried to go along with her most
of the time. We had done some pretty unusual things.

"Well," I said, "It might be kind of fun to have you all tied up."

"You sure can do that," the man said. "Most of this stuff can be used
on anybody but some of it was designed to be used only on a man."

"That I like," Lisa grinned- and really started turning on the charm
to get me to buy the stuff. With her breathing in my ear and describing
the erotic things we could do, I forked over the money and we loaded the
stuff into the car. There was a lot of it. 
As we drove, she looked through the bags and studied the equipment
including a large pile of catalogues describing the stuff.

When we got home, I tended to my chores, while she looked through the
new gear and continued reading the catalogues. 
Then she fixed dinner. After dinner she told me that she wanted to
try out some of our new stuff.

"Come on, strip baby," she purred. 
"I'm really not interested," I protested. "This isn't my thing." 
"Don't be such a dud," she chided. "Try a few things on just for a
few minutes." 
"All right, just for a few minutes," I finally agreed. I stripped down
to my underwear. There was a leather device that looked vaguely like a
pair of gym trunks. 
"Put them on," she said. I slipped them on over my underwear. "No!"
she laughed. "First you take everything else off, then you put that on."

So I stripped completely naked and put on the "trunks." Lisa tightened
the belt around my waist. There were straps that went across my chest,
over my shoulders and crossed again as they went down the back and buckled
to the belt. It was obviously intended that they would be held on securely.
There was a soft leather form-fitting cod piece snugly holding and obscenely
displaying my cock and balls. It was removable. Likewise, a flap could
be pulled down in the back, exposing my ass.

Next, Lisa picked up a leather sleeve.

"Stick your arm behind you and through it," she said. I did so. My left
arm went through to just above the elbow. Then she said, "Now your other
arm." Reaching behind me, I put my other arm through the sleeve, which
was big enough for both of them. There were a number of straps and buckles
I couldn't see. She tightened it until my arms were rigidly tied behind
my back, wrists to elbows. Once that was done, she suddenly became noticeably
more relaxed. She took a metal device 
with cuffs on each end that she called a spreader bar and connected
it to my ankles. The metal bar was three feet long and the cuffs or shackles
at the ends buckled quite tightly around my ankles.

My legs were now spread three feet apart and I was standing uncomfortably
at about eye level with her. Then she picked up another device. It was
a leather contraption with lots of straps and a huge wad of leather in
the middle of the largest widest strap. "Open wide and say 'aahh!' babe,"
Lisa said. 
"What is it?" I stammered. 
"Open your mouth like a good boy and find out," she answered. As I
did she stuffed the wad of leather into my mouth filling it. It was all
she could do to get it all in. Then she began fastening the straps, behind
my head, under my chin, around my nose and up over my head so that the
large leather piece which held the leather wad now fit firmly against my
face from under my nose to the bottom of my chin. I realized quite late
that it was a gag - a very effective one, and that she had gagged me before
I was smart enough to figure out what was happening.

"Well, what do you think so far?" she purred. "If you want to call it
off just say so." 
"Mmmppphh! Mmpphh!" I moaned through the gag. I did suddenly want to
call it off. 
"No objections. Good!" Lisa teased. "This is going to be a fun night." 
I suddenly realized she had absolutely no intention of releasing me
until she was good and ready despite her promise that I would be in the
gear for just a few minutes. It dawned on me that this fun experiment might
not turn out to be very much fun at all -- at least not for me!

Lisa added a few more items: a dog collar and a leather hood that fit
over my head and laced up tight in the back, leaving only my nose and eyes
exposed. The added pressure of the hood further pressed the gag strap against
my face and pushed the wad of leather firmly into my mouth even more silencing
me. Then she was essentially finished - for the time being. 
My hands were tied behind me wrists to elbows, I was gagged and hooded,
collared and a three-foot spreader bar was connected to my ankles. Lisa
checked over the bonds. 
"You know," she said, "all these locks and straps look a lot more complicated
than they did a minute ago. It may take me a long long time to figure out
how to free you. You relax."

More than before, I fully realized she had no intention of letting me
go anytime soon. She led me over and set me on the couch. 
Even getting into a sitting position was difficult with the spreader
bar in place. "I'll have to think about this," she said. "You sit tight." 
"Mmpphh! Mmpphh!" I protested, demanding she release me. I was 
really getting mad. 
"What did you say, babe? I couldn't understand it." 
"Mmpphh! Mmpphh! Mmpphh!!" I repeated, trying to say, "Un-tie-me!" 
"Don't talk with your mouth full," she admonished. 
I just glared. Ignoring my stare, she picked up the remote and turned
on the television. Leaving me sitting there, she went into the kitchen
and returned with a soft drink. 
"Would you like one?" she asked. I nodded that I would. "Help yourself,"
she said and then ignored me while she watched a show she knew I hated.
It went on for over two hours!!

"The remote is mine tonight," she cooed once and a while looking at
it  sitting on the table out of my reach.

Finally, when her program was over, she said, "Time for beddy-bye, babe." 
"Mmpphh!" I protested, shaking my head no. "Mmpphh! Mmpphh! Mmpphh!!"
And I refused to budge. 
"Well," she chirped, "You can stay here for the night if you want,
or you can go with me. Your choice." 
I decided to go with her. She helped me to the bedroom, moving slowly
hobbled by the spreader bar, moving like a Frankenstein Monster. Carefully,
she had me lay down on the bed. She put me on my back with my arms under
me - which was uncomfortable - and my legs spread wide. Then Lisa slowly
began doing an erotic strip tease and I felt my heat rising. My wife has
a fantastic body with huge, melon-like breasts and an hour glass figure.
The sweat broke out on my forehead. My cock was getting very hard, but
was trapped within the trunks behind the now bulging cod piece. It was
in a very cramped space and I was beginning to squirm. With my arms under
me, the position thrust my groin into the air making my now throbbing cock
stick out all the more obviously.

Lisa lay down next to me and began rubbing her breasts against my side.
My cock was straining against the tight leather and my balls were aching.
I moaned with lust. Lisa began rubbing her hands over the codpiece. It
was mind-boggling. I started thrusting at the air I was so horny and desperate.
She reached under me and pulled down the back of the trunks, exposing my
ass. She began rubbing my ass. I went crazy. It was beyond belief.

I couldn't stand it but I had no choice. Suddenly, she ripped down the
codpiece and my cock sprang out, harder than I had ever seen it. She took
a ruler and measured it. "Six and about 7 tenths inches," she said. "I'm
a little disappointed. Let's see if we can go for seven." She rubbed oil
on her hands and started stroking and rubbing my cock. I went mad. I was
pushing myself up off the bed I wanted to cum so bad. I felt my ejaculation
building and building and building. 
"Oh god!" I thought. "This is going to be the best one ever." But then,
just when I knew my ejaculation was only seconds away, she suddenly stopped. 
"Mmpphh! Mmpphh!" I moaned. 
"It's gonna be a long night," she laughed. "We can't have you satisfied
this easily."

She was right. It was going to be a very long night. 
"You are enjoying this," she said. She held my still hard cock. "I
have the evidence right here in my hand," and she gave me a tender squeeze.
So I lay there waiting. She played, tickled, tormented me for a while.
Then she mounted me and we made love. It was awesome and I had to admit,
I was enjoying it. When my cock softened, she re-packaged it under the
leather cod-piece. Then she kissed me on the forehead, and rolled over
saying, "Goodnight." 
"Mmpphh! Mmpphh! Mmpphh!!" I demanded. 
"Not tonight," she said. "If you're good, maybe tomorrow." 
"Mmpphh! Mmpphh! Mmpphh!!" I demanded again. 
She ignored me, and shortly her breathing told me she was asleep.

In the morning we made love again. After she showered, she undid the
straps, and I was stiff, but free.

Now I'm used to it. I never know how long I'll be tied up, or in what
gear she'll bind me. I've spent weekends trussed up and gagged. Other times
it's only an hour or so. Usually it's at least over night. She ties me
up whenever she wants to watch something on television that I don't like
and she makes me sit through it. The thrill is in not knowing what she
will do next, or how long I'll be bound. 
And I do enjoy it.

20-01-02 
.
