---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: No Hard Feelings
authors:
- Gladwrapguy
tags:
- F-ff
- mum
- plastic
- kidnap
- breathplay
- nc
- XX
date: 2005-04-13 00:00:00
---

Kathryn was an impressive looking
woman by any measure. The brown haired girl had recently turned 30 and
was still very fit and proud of the body she worked hard to maintain. Standing
5’11 she had been a champion swimmer at high school but had given competitive
swimming away when she was 16. To stay in shape she went to the gym and
worked out several times a week and still played A Grade touch footy. Her
interest in football a legacy of growing up with two older brothers and
playing footy in the backyard with them, where she had learned to rough
house and hold her own.

Kathryn worked as a production manager
at a plastics and packaging firm. She was drawn to working for this company
for the “lurks” it offered. Kathryn had a thing for plastic, well kink
in general, but especially plastic. She loved being wrapped and sealed
in plastic so she couldn’t move or breath. She was a switch sub, while
being encased and having her breath controlled by another woman was the
ultimate for her she also got off on doing it to other females. Yes, Kathryn
was also a lesbian. She had tried sex with guys a few times when she was
young but when she slept with her first girl at 18 she knew that was the
path she was meant to walk.

Working on the production room floor
with mostly male workmates she knew she drew their looks and she had heard
comments not meant for her ears.

“Pity she is a dyke, good sort like
that, what a waste.” That was why she was as excited as her male workmates
when 21-year-old Melanie, nick named Mel, had joined the office staff.
She was a small petite blonde with a tight arse and hot body. Kathryn and
Mel lived in neighbouring suburbs not far from their work. So Kathryn recognised
the hot little blonde when she first came to work as she had spotted her
in several local bars and she had observed her being very friendly with
both men and women.

So over the last couple of months
Kathryn had set about doing the same thing as her male workmates, doing
the spadework in the hope of getting into Mel’s pants. A group from work
had gone out for drinks one night and Mel was enjoying being the centre
of attention, flirting with the boys and Kathryn. When Kathryn had the
chance she drew Mel aside and told her that she was quite attracted to
her and she would like to get to know her on a more than plutonic basis.
Mel had turned her down saying

“I’m very flattered Kath, you are
a great looking girl and a really like you, but not in that way, I’m not
into women. No hard feelings I hope.” Kathryn knew she was lying, the little
bitch, about not being into girls as she had seen her with her tongue down
several other women’s throats but shook her hand and said sorry and no
hard feelings.

So now the opportunity Kathryn had
been planning for had presented itself. Mel generally worked back on Friday
arvo to finish off the salaries and shifts for the following week. Kathryn
had put everything in place to execute her plan towards Mel.

**Part 2**

Mel was up in the office finishing
off her work. Everyone else had gone home. Kathryn went around the factory
making sure all the doors were locked and they weren’t going to be disturbed
in the little play session Kathryn had in mind. Kathryn went to the staff
lunchroom and got a beer and cruiser from the fridge. She cracked them
both open and dropped several tablets into the cruiser. She took both drinks
into the office where Mel was in the process of closing the computers down
and packing up for the week.

“Hi Mel” Kathryn said in entering
the office. “How about a drink before we both go home for the weekend.”

Mel looked at her watch. It was
nearly 7pm and she had to go home and get changed before her friend Rebecca
came over to get her for the big night on the town they had planned.

“OK, I’ve got time for a quick one.”
Kathryn gave Mel the cruiser and proposed a toast.

“No hard feelings for when I hit
on you a few weeks ago then.” The 2 women clicked their drinks and drunk
up.

“Of course not Kath, don’t be silly.
I was quite flattered actually, but like I said I’m not into women.

“Ahh well, my loss.” Said Kathryn
“So what are you up to tonight?”

“I’m going out for a night out on
the town with a girlfriend of mine. What about you?”

“Just a quite night at home, kick
back and relax.”

“That sounds good too.”

The two girls chatted for 5 minutes
until Mel drained the last of her cruiser. Mel went to stand from her chair
and was a little wobbly

“The drink must have gone straight
to my head.”

“Ooh, I think you’ll find it’s a
little more than that.” Mel looked at Kathryn and tried to focus on her
as her vision had become a little blurry too.

“What, what do you mean?”

“I mean when I said there were no
hard feelings I lied. I know you are into women as well as I’ve seen you
making at with them a few times at bars and nightclubs, so I have drugged
your drink and in a moment you’ll pass out and when you come to I’m going
to have my way with you and there will be nothing you can do to stop me.”

Mel had become quite unsteady on
her feet now. She tried to move towards the door but it was like her legs
were made out of lead. They wouldn’t respond and she fell forward. Kathryn
caught her as she fell. Mel made a feeble effort to break free but the
drugs took over and she passed out.

**Part 3**

Mel slowly drifted back to consciousness.
She opened her eyes and realised she was laying on her stomach. Her hands
were behind her back. She tried to move them and found she couldn’t. She
couldn’t even open her hands. She also quickly realised she couldn’t separate
her legs. Her eyes became accustomed to the light and she took in the full
gravity of her situation. She had been stripped naked and was laying on
her stomach in the middle of a large clear plastic drop sheet. In front
of her on the sheet was some of the factories produce. A packet of extra
heavy duty cable ties, a 100 pack of clear plastic bags 30 by 45cms in
size and a roll of duct tape. With a good deal of difficulty she rolled
onto her side and looked down her body.

She could feel the cable ties biting
into her wrists, ankles and her legs above her knees. Mel wasn’t above
knocking off some of the products from work for her own kinky purposes.
She had been tied with these cable ties before and knew how strong they
were. She knew she couldn’t break free of them, Christ, they were quite
difficult to cut through with sharp scissors. And as if she wasn’t in bondage
she couldn’t escape from with the cable ties she had also been bound with
duct tape. It was wrapped around her ankles and above her knees as well.
Her fingers had been interlaced and duct tape wound round and round her
hands turning her hands into a useless duct tape ball. Her arms had been
taped to her body. The duct tape had been wrapped above and below her breasts
and a figure 8 between her breasts. It very effectively bound her arms
to her body. Any chance of calling out for help had been removed by several
of the plastic bags being scrunched up and shoved into her mouth and duct
tape wrapped around her head. Not only was the tape wrapped around her
mouth and the back of her head, but also under her chin and over the top
of her head. She tried to call out but could barely admit a squeak.

How had she got like this? It all
came flooding back. That fucking Amazon Kathryn had drugged her. Mel struggled
against her bonds but she knew she could not escape. She froze on the plastic
sheet when she heard the click click of stiletto boots. Kathryn appeared
in front of her put a chair down and sat on it. Mel looked up at her from
her helpless position on the floor. What she saw both excited and scared
the hell out of her. She was wearing 6-inch stiletto knee high shiny black
PVC boots and a black rubber cat suit that was so shiny the light gleamed
off it and looked like it had been sprayed onto her athletic body.

“As you can see I’ve got changed
into garb more in theme with the evening ahead of us. Now you need to listen
very closely and think about how you behave. As you can see you are totally
helpless and at my mercy. So far I am guilty of drugging you, kidnapping
and false imprisonment. I could go to jail for quite some time for what
I have done so I have no intention of letting you go. If you hadn’t of
given that bullshit line about not being into other women we could have
had a consensual relationship so you have bought this on yourself for being
a little slut and liar. I have no intention of letting you go and how long
you live is now up to you. If you follow my instructions immediately and
please me I may keep you as my sex slave. If you cause me problems I will
dispose of you.”

**Part 4**

Kathryn lent forward and lifted
Mel by the throat strangling her. Mel did her best to nod yes. Kathryn
put her down again and smiled.

“Good.” Kathryn got up off the chair
and moved it off the plastic sheet and also cleared off the items she had
used to bind Mel. “Now one thing you are going to learn is that I am seriously
into breath play. I love being suffocated. Being hanged, strangled or drowned
is a turn on too but suffocated with plastic is the biggest turn on that
exits. You’re about to experience it. Hope you get off on it as much as
I do.”

Kathryn folded one side of the plastic
sheet over Mel and rolled her over a few times until she was at the edge
of the sheet. She then folded the excess plastic below her feet up onto
her legs and wrapped duct tape around her legs sealing the plastic sheet
at the bottom. Kathryn then folded the excess plastic down over Mel’s head
and chest and wrapped duct tape around her body sealing the plastic over
Mel’s head. Mel’s eyes nearly bulged at of her head when she realised the
predicament she had been sealed in. She was sealed in an airtight plastic
packet.

She tried to struggle but was helpless.
The plastic, which Kathryn had pulled tight, clung to her face as she tried
to inhale. Kathryn pulled up the chair in front of her suffocating prisoner
and sat down and began to rub her clit through the rubber suit as the show
began. Mel shook her head inside her plastic prison in an attempt to get
the sheet off her face.

“What I really like is the more
you struggle the more you sweat and the more the plastic sticks to you,
also the harder you breath and the more the plastic is drawn back to your
face.” Kathryn said. Mel inhaled again, and again the plastic stuck to
her face. To make matters worse the plastic was sticking to the duct tape
that had been wrapped around her head. She writhed in the plastic sheeting
she had been taped up in, but in desperation she knew she was loosing the
battle.

Kathryn’s orgasm began to build.
She knew it was only a matter of time before Mel succumb to the plastic
that imprisoned her. A couple of things were happening to Mel. One thing
she expected, one thing she didn’t. The more she struggled the hotter and
sweater she got. She started to slide and in the plastic which was beginning
to stick to her naked body. She was also getting hot between her legs.
Being bound and helpless and suffocated in the plastic sheet she was becoming
wet and horny.

Mel looked up at Kathryn through
the hot sweaty plastic and tried to call out for help and air. She couldn’t
get anything out as the plastic stuck to her face again as she tried to
inhale. She could see Kathryn rubbing herself and knew this sick bitch
was getting off on watching her suffocate. The damdest thing was she was
getting off on it too. This was the most intense sexual experience she
had ever had.  The fight was starting to leave her as the plastic
seemed sealed over her face now. She tried to inhale again but got nothing
but plastic. The plastic was clinging to her sweaty face as stars started
to dance before her eyes and an orgasm shuddered through her body.

**Part 5**

Kathryn watched Mel shudder and
slump back onto her stomach as she passed out and stopped moving. Kathryn
burst into orgasm knowing that if she left Mel sealed in the plastic sheeting
she was only a few minutes from dieing. The ultimate power, deciding whether
another person lives or dies. Reluctantly Kathryn got off the chair and
ripped the plastic covering Mel’s head and let her breath again. Kathryn
sat back down to relax and bask in the glory of her orgasm. However her
moment was shattered when she heard a car pull up outside. What the hell
she thought, it was only 9pm, and the security patrol didn’t come until
after midnight. She turned off the lights and snuck a peak out the window.

A red sports car pulled up and a
very attractive dark haired girl got out. She was dressed for a night out
on the town. The girl wasn’t tall, about the same height as Mel, 5’3, 5’4
maybe but helped out by the stilettos she had on. She was a dark skinned
girl who was well tanned. She looked to be of Italian or Latitino decent.
Long dark hair fell over her shoulders and down her back. Kathryn thought
this girl was a young Salma Hayek. She was a little glamour. She came to
the employees door and banged on it.

“Mel, I see your car out here, it’s
Rebecca. Come on, knock off work and let’s go out.”

Kathryn looked back at Mel who was
beginning to come to laying on the floor. As quietly as she could she tip
toed over to the plastic bags and got a handful out and some cable ties.
She put 5 bags one inside the other as she made her way to the door which
Rebecca was banging on more aggressively now.

“Come on Rebecca, I’m supposed to
be meeting a guy when we go out tonight, open up.”

Kathryn opened the door and moved
behind it. Rebecca burst in.

“Well it’s about time” Rebecca’s
car lights shone through the door and cast light into the dark factory.
Ten meters in front of her on the floor she could see a bound girl wrapped
in plastic. Rebecca heard a noise behind her as the door swung shut and
Rebecca turned. Before she had time to react Kathryn struck. She pulled
the 5-layered plastic bags over Rebecca’s head and zipped a cable tight
around her neck. Rebecca moved her hands to her face to rip the plastic
bags but her wrists were grabbed by Kathryn. Kathryn spun the much smaller
girl around and tripped her pushing her to the ground. She pulled Rebecca’s
hands behind her back and bound them with cable ties. She sat on Rebecca’s
arse while she tried to get up and held her down. Rebecca tried to struggle
but Kathryn was much bigger and stronger. The plastic bags over her head
began to suck back to her face as she tried to take gasps of air. She was
panicking as was bound, pinned down and being suffocated. She tried to
bit through the bags but it seemed like there were an endless amount of
bags on her head. Her teeth made a hole in the first one, and the second,
but each time she tried to take in air she got nothing but plastic being
sucked into her mouth.

Kathryn held down her new prisoner.
She did her best but once bound she knew she had the smaller women at her
mercy. As oxygen deprivation took it’s effect and Rebecca’s struggling
subsided, she passed out Kathryn smiled and thought how good is this. I
thought I’d only have Mel as my suffocation play toy, now I have her gorgeous
mate Rebecca as well. What should I do with them?

END PART 1

I have some ideas about what Kathryn
will do to her 2 captives but I’d like readers to shape this story as well,
so please write to me and make suggestions about what Kathryn should do
to Mel and Rebecca.

gladwrapguy@hotmail.com
