---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/snowbound7.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: 'Snowbound 7: Cassandra is Whipped!'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/ff
- D/s
- playroom
- slaves
- naked
- bond
- collar
- cuffs
- leather
- bdsm
- whip
- toys
- strapon
- insert
- oral
- denial
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2014-12-08 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part six](snowbound6.html)

**Chapter 7: Cassandra is Whipped!**

“Kiss the whip!” ordered Mistress Allison.

Never in her entire life had Cassandra ever felt so exposed and vulnerable! She realized that until now she had merely been playing around the edges of submission. Cassandra realized that her prior experiences before entering Beth’s house had been the equivalent of dipping her toes in the water. Everything that she had done here was merely preparation for what she would now undergo!

“Yes, Mistress,” said Cassandra as the kissed the whip’s handle, which had been offered to her by Mistress Allison.

“Very good, my dear. You will find that I am skilled using the whip on naked girls. Over time, you’ll discover that you will enjoy the lash,” explained Mistress Allison.

Mistress Allison then stepped back a few feet, and began to crack the whip! The sound echoed through the Playroom, each stroke sounding like the crack of doom for Cassandra?

Bound in the shape of an “X”, her body tautly held by the steel and leather confining her, Cassandra could not shrink from the ordeal to come! How would she react to the whip?

“I expect you to count each stroke, Cassandra,” said Mistress Allison, “else you’ll be further punished.”

“Yes……yes, Mistress,” Cassandra stuttered in response.

With the sounds of the cracking whip still in her ears, Cassandra tensed as Mistress Allison circled around her. Finally, Mistress Allison drew her left arm back, and the whip struck out!

Cassandra screamed from the buildup of tension as she waited for the impact of the deadly instrument on her flesh. The whip struck the outside of her right thigh, with just the slightest tap!

For a moment, Cassandra was stunned into silence, not knowing what to do next! She had been expecting a painful stroke of the whip, not a light tap on her exposed thigh!

“One!” said Cassandra, almost forgetting Mistress Allison’s command to count each stroke.

“Were you expecting to lose some skin?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra answered.

“The whip can obviously be a fearsome instrument. I never break the skin, or make a submissive bleed. While I may drive you to orgasm and waves of pain and pleasure with the whip, I’ll never truly hurt you. Just like the flogging I gave to Kate.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Now we can proceed!” said Mistress Allison.

Cassandra swallowed in anticipation for what she was about to undergo!

“Two!”

“Three!”

“Four!”

“Five!”

Kate called out the number as each stroke of the whip struck her exposed femininity. She wondered just what her female coworkers might think now of her, seeing Cassandra naked and under the lash!

The tip (which was the only part of the whip that had so far struck Cassandra) found it’s way onto her breasts, her underarms, her thighs and bottom!

“Six!”

“Seven!”

“Eight!”

“Nine!”

“Ten!”

Cassandra looked at herself in the mirror. She was actually proud of herself!

Tiny droplets of sweat gleamed in the light and ran down her naked body. They went between her breasts, her underarms, and finally between her opened and exposed sex!

“Eleven!”

“Twelve!”

“Thirteen!”

“Fourteen!”

“Fifteen!” That stroke had been harder than the others that had preceded it, and it had landed between her legs. She had screamed out the number.

Mistress Allison had begun to gradually increase the force behind each stroke of the whip! Far from being scared, Cassandra now welcomed progressing onto the next level of her instruction!

“Sixteen!”

“Seventeen!”

“Eighteen!”

“Nineteen!”

“Twenty!” Cassandra screamed out the number once again, amazed at the whipping that she was receiving!

Ever so slowly, the strokes were becoming painful!

“Twenty-one!”

“Twenty-two!”

“Twenty-three!”

“Twenty-four!”

“Twenty-five!”

Cassandra twisted in her bondage, her naked body instinctively trying to avoid the whip. But there was no escape! Her breasts, her legs, her thighs, her bottom, even her sex, were subjected to the whip!

Cassandra tried not to think of the safeword she had been given! She tried to wall it off from her consciousness! No matter how hard she was struck with the whip, she didn’t want to cry it out by accident!

“Twenty-six!”

“Twenty-seven!”

“Twenty-eight!”

“Twenty-nine!”

“Thirty!!”

The last few strokes with the whip had been delivered somewhat harder than the earlier ones, and Cassandra had felt like she was going to cry. Surely there were better things to do with naked girls than to whip them, Cassandra thought to herself?

It was then that a strange transformation began to come over Cassandra. She felt that she was stepping away from her body, almost as if she were observing herself from another plain of existence.

“Thirty-one!”

“Thirty-two!”

“Thirty-three!”

“Thirty-four!”

“Thirty-five!!” Cassandra cried out in erotic agony.

There was simply no doubt. She was becoming sexually aroused! Her nipples were hard and erect, her heart was busily pumping away, and her slit must be sopping wet!

Abruptly, the whipping stopped! Cassandra twisted around in her chains, her high heels barely scraping the floor.

“Mistress, please! Why have you stopped?” Cassandra cried.

“Are you wet, Cassandra?” Mistress Allison asked, “has your first time under the whip gotten you sexually hot?”

“Yes, Mistress. I think so,” Cassandra answered.

“You should know whether you’re wet or not, shouldn’t you?” taunted Mistress Allison.

“Yes, yes, Mistress.”

“Then I’m going to find out for you!”

Mistress Allison then inserted her index and forefinger into Cassandra’s wet sex, and began to play with her engorged clitoris!

“Ooooooooh!” Cassandra moaned.

All thoughts of her whipping had been forgotten as Mistress Allison stimulated the bound and helpless Cassandra ever closer to climax! Cassandra could not help but to respond to the stimulus that her sex was now receiving from Mistress Allison.

“Oooooooooh!” Cassandra cried.

Just when Cassandra was about to come in a massive orgasm, Mistress Allison suddenly and abruptly withdrew her fingers, leaving Cassandra seething with want for sexual release!

“Mistress, please!” Cassandra begged, “let me come?”

Mistress Allison did not answer, but instead plunged her fingers wet with Cassandra’s juices into her mouth. She did not need to be ordered to clean then, and began to suck and clean her secretions from the fingers of her Mistress!

Mistress Allison took special care not to touch any part of Cassandra’s naked body! She knew that if began to fondle Cassandra’s erect nipples, or her wet sex, then Cassandra would respond by having a massive orgasm, which was what she was trying to avoid. She wanted to deny Cassandra the release she so desperately craved until the time was just right.

Then she knew that Cassandra would be well and truly her slave!

“Mmmmmmmm!” Cassandra cried as she cleaned Mistress Allison fingers.

“What a slut you are, Cassandra. You’re just a bitch in heat. Has anyone ever told you that?” asked Mistress Allison, who withdrew her fingers from Cassandra’s mouth at that moment.

“No……no, Mistress,” Cassandra answered erratically, she had never been called a slut or a bitch by anyone in her entire life!

But the whip had revealed to Cassandra a side of her that she had never before known existed!

“Do you want to come?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress, please!” Cassandra begged.

The leather clad dominatrix then again offered the whip’s handle to her naked and bound captive.

“Kiss the handle,” ordered Mistress Allison, “and then I’ll whip you again until you come!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra again kissed the handle of the dreaded whip. After her faux pas, she had considered leaving Beth’s house. Now there was nothing that could make her leave!

“You may dispense with counting the strokes of the whip, they have served their purpose,” instructed Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress!”

The whip then descended again upon the helpless Cassandra, making her writhe and moan in her bondage. She desperately tried to twist away from the relentless scourge of the whip, but bound as she was, there was no escape for her!

“Aaaaaaah!” Cassandra cried as the whip struck her naked body again and again!

Cassandra could feel the sweat dripping down her armpits, between her breasts, and between her legs. She thought she wanted a nice hot bath, but instead craved an orgasm instead!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The whip fell with deadly accuracy onto her breasts and bottom, but not between her legs as it had before! Mistress Allison knew that if the tip were to strike at Cassandra’s sex, the girl would finally come in an earth shattering sexual climax, one that it was almost time for!

“Please, please!” Cassandra implored Mistress Allison, “let me come!”

Pain now mixed with pleasure for Cassandra. From now on, she would beg to be whipped into a sexual frenzy!

Cassandra felt her consciousness beginning to slip away, when the next series of strokes were harshly delivered by Mistress Allison, the whip striking and marking her flesh! But she no longer cared, as the entire universe had now shrunk to her bondage and the whip!

“AaaaaaaaaaH!” Cassandra moaned in both pain and pleasure.

It was then that Mistress Allison chose to deliver the whip between Cassandra’s opened and exposed legs! The tip struck at the sensitive skin between her thighs, and even onto her wet pussy.

“I’m coming!” Cassandra screamed.

Mistress Allison then supplied the final ingredient for Cassandra’s sexual release. She quickly gave Cassandra two strokes of the whip between her legs directly onto her pussy, and then onto her breasts and nipples!

“Aaaaaaaaah!” Cassandra screamed as wave after wave of sexual pleasure broke over her body. She did not even notice that Mistress Allison was no longer striking her with the whip.

Cassandra had never experienced an orgasm quite like this before! Naked, and helpless in chains, whipped, her body invaded; this brought her sexuality to a whole new level!

“Aaaaaaaah!” she cried, as tears ran down her cheeks.

After what seemed like an eternity, Cassandra stopped shaking as the orgasms that she had experienced had subsided. Sweat poured from her naked body, her sex was dripping, and her hair was a mess!

Her chest heaved with every breath that she took, and her breasts rose and fell in response.

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Cassandra, her breathing ragged from her ordeal.

“You’re welcome, my dear.”

Mistress Allison then turned to the two women who had watched the entire session.

“Kate, I’d like you to release Cassandra and tend to her needs. I think that our newest guest could use a break.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“In fact, I have a better idea. Give her a bath and get her cleaned up, and you may bring her to my bedroom in an hour. Cassandra has earned the privilege of being given the opportunity to satisfy her Mistress.”

“Mistress?” said Cassandra, stirring from her orgasm induced torpor.

“That’s right, Cassandra. How well do you know how to satisfy another woman?”

\* \* \*

An hour later, Kate delivered a still stunned Cassandra to the door of Mistress Allison’s bedroom. Cassandra had been given a bath, and her hair had been washed and done as well. Her lips and aureole had been rouged; her pussy sprayed with perfume.

Cassandra had sat back and let Kate prepare her for the next part of her training, wondering just would happen to her now!

When she was ready, she was again collared and bracelet. Her wrists were locked between her back, and Kate fitted her feet into four inch high heels.

Finally she was leashed, and a loose robe was draped over her nakedness.

Cassandra followed behind Kate in silence, her heart pounding in her chest. What would now happen in Mistress Allison’s bedroom?

Just before their destination, Kate suddenly stopped.

“Mistress Allison just adores having her clit licked and sucked,” Kate confided to Cassandra, “so be sure and satisfy her. Or-.”

“Or what?” Cassandra asked.

“Or you’ll be flogged tomorrow and placed on a bread and water diet, and locked in the cell for a week,” Kate answered matter-of-factly.

“Oh!” Cassandra replied.

Kate knocked at Mistress Allison’s door, and waited.

“Come,” said Mistress Allison.

Kate opened the door to reveal a well appointed bedroom, with Mistress Allison now wearing a dressing gown and holding a hairbrush. She was seated at her dressing table, which also had a bottle of wine in an ice bucket to her left. On her right, Cassandra could not help but notice a paddle and riding crop, and she was sure that a dildo was not far away!

“Thank you Kate. Was Cassandra any trouble?” Mistress Allison asked.

“No, Mistress.”

“Good, it’s time that she learned how to serve me in the bedroom, don’t you agree?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Remove her leash, robe, and make her kneel on the carpet. Then you can leave and have the night off. Cassandra and I are going to get to know each other.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Once they were alone and the door closed, Mistress Allison reached forward and gently grabbed the “D” ring on Cassandra’s collar; then pulled her forward. Walking on her knees, Cassandra inched closer to her Mistress.

“There now, that’s better,” said Mistress Allison as Cassandra knelt close by her knees.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Cassandra said nothing as Mistress Allison poured herself a glass of wine, and drank slowly. Then she placed the glass back on the dressing table, and picked up the riding crop.

“You were very good under the whip, Cassandra,” complimented Mistress Allison.

“Thank you, Mistress.”

“Have you ever been whipped before?”

“No, Mistress.”

“Did you enjoy the experience?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress. I’ve never felt anything like that before,” Cassandra answered.

“Would you like to be in the situation again? Except this time I use the same flogger that I used on Kate?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Did Kate show you your marks in the mirror before your bath?”

“They’re beautiful, Mistress. Thank you for showing me a side of myself that I never knew existed.”

“You’re welcome, Cassandra. As I told you when you signed my contract, there is pleasure and pain in this house. You will learn how to experience both, and that pain can become infinitely pleasurable. Provided, of course, that you have the right teacher.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra answered.

“There are many ways that you can serve your Mistress. One way is in the Playroom, under the lash. Another is your submission and obedience. But the most pleasurable is serving me in my bedroom. Don’t you agree?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra quickly answered.

“Did you come many times under the whip?” Mistress Allison asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How did you feel about our session?”

“I came to enjoy it, Mistress. Thank you,” Cassandra replied.

“You’re quite welcome, Cassandra. Now then, how would you like to serve me in the bedroom?”

“Very much, Mistress.”

Mistress Allison undid her robe, opening it to reveal her naked body underneath. Her skin and body were flawless, and Cassandra could identify the perfume that she was wearing: Opium.

“Do you like what you see?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Mistress Allison then let the robe fall from her shoulders, and she removed her arms from it’s silken sleeves, revealing her nudity to Cassandra.

Her breasts were moderately sized, her stomach flat, and she had a lovely trimmed bush on her sex. Cassandra immediately desired her, no matter what the cost!

“Do you want me?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Whatever my Mistress desires,” Cassandra replied.

Mistress Allison then placed herself at the chair’s edge and opened her legs to reveal her luscious sex!

“Service me,” commanded Mistress Allison.

Cassandra walked on her knees to the chair, and placed her lips on Mistress Allison’s wet fragrant sex. She was surprised to discover that the Mistress had sprayed the perfume between her legs as well as one her nude body!

It was true that Cassandra preferred make love to men. But she had swung both ways, and now she was between the legs of the woman she desired most in the world. The same woman who had just a hour earlier driven her to new heights of sexual passion.

So Cassandra began to lick and playfully bite Mistress Allison’s outer sex lips, teasing her with her tongue and teeth, ever so gradually stimulating her sexually.

Mistress Allison still held the crop in her hands, and Cassandra wasn’t surprised when she felt the crop’s tip on her back, urging her to continue!

“That’s very good, Cassandra,” said Mistress Allison.

Cassandra’s reply was to now insert her tongue into Allison’s heated and moist sex! No words were needed as Mistress Allison was tongued!

“Aaaaaaaah!” moaned Mistress Allison.

Cassandra did not need to be told to continue: she intensified her efforts at pleasuring Mistress Allison. This was a new sexual experience for Cassandra. Having lost the use of her hands, her only contact with Mistress Allison was with the use of her mouth. So she licked, sucked, and gently bit Mistress Allison’s wet sex.

“Aaaaaaah!” sighed Mistress Allison as she threw her head back in pleasure.

Once Cassandra was certain that she had gotten Mistress Allison sexually excited (there was no doubt of that based on her moans and the secretions of her sex); Cassandra proceeded one to the main event: Mistress Allison’s clit!

Cassandra found the nubbin nestled within Mistress Allison’s clit, and remembered how one of her female lovers had a small golden bar placed there that kept her in a constant state of sexual arousal! She wasn’t sure if she would ever want something like that, but she found the idea interesting to say the least.

“Aaaaaaaah!” moaned Mistress Allison, as she shuddered with pleasure.

Cassandra continued her attention to pleasing Mistress Allison, who continued to tap Cassandra on her back with the riding crop. Mistress Allison then opened her legs fully, and grabbing Cassandra by her hair, pressed her closer to her wet sex!

Cassandra knew that she had Mistress Allison in her clutches by this time, even if was she was bound naked on the floor and it was Mistress Allison who held the riding crop. She intensified her efforts, doing nothing else but sucking, licking, and biting on Mistress Allison’s clitoris!

This time it was Mistress Allison who was writhing in response to Cassandra, not the other way round!

Cassandra’s nostrils were filled with the scent of first Opium Perfume, and then the scent of Mistress Allison’s sexual excitement! She redoubled her efforts to bring Mistress Allison to a raging climax: not because of Kate’s rather obvious advice, but because she wanted to see what would happen when Mistress Allison finally climaxed!

When Mistress Allison began to shudder, Cassandra knew that she was finally close to her objective. Her moans grew ever louder as Mistress Allison drew nearer to a raging climax!

Finally, Mistress Allison climaxed, and it was like a water breaking over a dam. She bucked, shuddered, and moaned as wave after wave of pleasure engulfed her naked body!

“Aaaaaaaaah!” she moaned as she experienced multiple orgasms.

Cassandra appeared to be forgotten for a moment as Mistress Allison was a prisoner of the orgasms that Cassandra had caused. But all things end, and slowly Mistress Allison began to regain her composure.

“Thank you, Cassandra, you’re very good,” complimented Mistress Allison.

“You’re welcome, Mistress Allison,” Cassandra replied.

“Would you like some wine?” asked Mistress Allison, still flushed after her pleasurable climax.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Cassandra thought that Mistress Allison evidently wanted to remain in firm control of the situation as she poured two glasses of wine, and then held one to Cassandra’s lips instead of releasing her wrists so that she could hold it herself! Mistress Allison held the wineglass for Cassandra, who drank the white wine slowly and carefully, trying not to spill a drop, since there was probably a punishment for that!

Mistress Allison did not try to trick Cassandra into doing something that would earn her a punishment. After all, she already had Cassandra once today under the lash, so there was no need to engage in trickery to cause her to be disciplined again!

All that Mistress Allison had to do was to say that Cassandra had to punished again, and her word was law.

But now was not the time for further punishment! After Cassandra had finished her glass of wine, Mistress Allison drank hers fairly quickly!

She had to make love to Cassandra, and she wanted to get her hands on her delicious body in bed, as opposed to the Playroom!

Mistress Allison placed her right hand under Cassandra’s chin, and her fingers inside the “D” ring of her collar. She rose to her feet, and gently pulled Cassandra to her feet.

“Rise,” ordered Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied, doing what she was told.

“Would you like to join me in bed?”

“Yes, Mistress, please!”

Mistress Allison gently led Cassandra over to her large double bed, and they both sat down together. She then attached a chain to a ring set in the wall, and the other end to Cassandra’s collar.

“Just so you don’t go anywhere,” said Mistress Allison.

With her hands locked behind her back, Cassandra wasn’t likely to be going anywhere anyway! Mistress Allison evidently like to remain in control at all times.

Perhaps in the future, after they had made love, Cassandra speculated she would be given the use of her hands during lovemaking. But this first time she would be truly a captive of her Mistress!

“I want you to lay back on the bed, Cassandra, I’ll do all the rest.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

Mistress Allison then put a pillow under Cassandra’s bottom, to raise her so that her weight would not rest on the cuffs. Next she placed a pillow under her back as well.

“Thank you, Mistress,” said Cassandra.

“I can’t have the metal links cutting into your back as we make love,” observed Mistress Allison.

“I appreciate that, Mistress. I want to concentrate on nothing but making love to you right now.”

“Then just lay back, and enjoy yourself.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Mistress Allison began by kissing Cassandra on the lips, tasting her own female secretions as she did so. Slowly she kissed her way down to Allison’s breasts, and she began to suck and bite her erect nipples!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Cassandra moaned with pleasure.

While her nipples were being sucked, Mistress Allison then moved her right hand between Cassandra’s thighs, and began to cup and fondle her sex as well!

“Aaaaaaaaah!”

“You’re a lovely girl,” said Mistress Allison, “you’re a natural for the whip, I want to see how you make love.”

“Then free my arms, Mistress, so that I may return your love,” Cassandra replied.

“Next time, my darling, for I always remain in control the first time I invite a girl to share my bed.”

Cassandra could only think that Mistress Allison wanted to remain in control at all times! Her guess was correct.

Mistress Allison then finished with Cassandra’s breasts, and she moved her attention down her belly to Cassandra’s wet sex!

“I hope I didn’t hurt you down here with the whip,” said Mistress Allison.

“No, Mistress. The whip drove me wild with desire, I was desperate for release!”

“I know, that was why I denied your climax until you were ready.”

“I never experienced anything like that before, Mistress.”

“There are many new things to come,” said Mistress Allison.

Mistress Allison began to lick and suck Cassandra’s wet sex. She gently bite her outer lips, driving Cassandra wild with need and desire. Cassandra opened her legs to accommodate Mistress Allison’s attentions to her sex.

“Aaaaaaaah!” It was now time for Cassandra to moan and buck to show her appreciation for Mistress Allison’s lovemaking!

“You taste wonderful!” declared Mistress Allison.

“Aaaaaaah!” moaned Cassandra.

Mistress Allison began to lick and suck Cassandra’s clitoris, bringing her ever closer to a raging climax. Cassandra was again in a state of sexual excitement, and it wouldn’t take much to bring her to climax!

But just Cassandra was approaching her moment of ecstasy, Mistress Allison suddenly withdrew her attentions, leaving Cassandra disappointed and wanting!

“Mistress, please!” Cassandra cried, “please let me come!”

“Not just yet, my dear, for there is another surprise waiting for you!”

From the night table next to her bed, Mistress Allison withdrew a leather harness, similar to the chastity belt that Cassandra had already worn earlier. But this belt was different, for sticking out in front was a latex penis!

Mistress Allison drew the harness up her body until the belt was at her waist, then she quickly drew the belt closed. Since the leather cross-piece was attached to the belt, it make donning the belt easy and quick!

She stood next to the bed, and adjusted the harness until it was snug against her naked body.

“I’ve always wondered what it must be like for a man to have a real one of these,” said Mistress Allison, “but I still prefer being a woman having breasts and a pussy.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra agreed.

Mistress Allison had been holding a condom in her left hand, and she opened the foil packet and unrolled the latex over her erect shaft!

Next, Mistress Allison got back on the bed, and got between Cassandra’s opened legs. Without any special attentions, she quickly thrust the latex clad rubber cock into Cassandra’s wet pussy!

“Aaaaaaaaaah!” Cassandra moaned.

This was yet another new experience for Cassandra! She had made love to women before, but never one with a dildo harness fucking her!

“Aaaaaaaaah!” Cassandra whimpered as Mistress Allison drove the shaft deep into her pussy, only to partially pull out again, before another thrust was driven home into her sex!

“Have you ever been fucked by another woman?” asked Mistress Allison.

“No, Mistress,” sighed Cassandra.

“Then just lay back and enjoy yourself, darling!”

“Aaaaaaaah!” moaned Cassandra, pleasure again coursing through her naked body!

It was a strange feeling for Cassandra, to have a woman’s breasts pressing against her own as a rubber cock was thrusting inside her pussy! Strange but nice, and she loved the scent of Mistress Allison as they made love!

“Aaaaaaaah!”

The two of them moaned together in unison, their sweat and scent mingling together in a heady mix of female passion and lovemaking!

This time there was no denying Cassandra her pleasure as the rubber cock drove into her, driving her to ever greater heights of passion. Finally, after what seemed like hours, Cassandra again felt herself near to coming - and she screamed lustily as the waves of pleasure washed over again for the second time that night. First it had been under the harsh attentions of the lash, and now it was in her Mistress’s bed with a rubber cock between her legs!

Cassandra bucked and shuddered, wishing that she had the use of hands to reciprocate the attentions of her Mistress! But they were locked behind her back, so that avenue was denied her!

So all she could do was to lay on her back, with the cock thrusting into her, as she experienced one raging climax after another!

“Aaaaaaaah!” Cassandra screamed in pleasure.

\* \* \*

Later on, after they had made love together a second time, the two women sat together on the bed, again sharing wine. Cassandra still had her wrists locked behind her back, so Mistress Allison had to again hold the glass for her.

“Did you have a good time?” asked Mistress Allison, the leather harness on the night table next to the bed.

“Yes, Mistress, thank you,” said Cassandra, “for everything. Today was the best sexual experience I’ve ever had, both pain and pleasure together in one day!”

Mistress Allison smiled to herself! She had driven Cassandra not once but twice to a sexual frenzy, then appeared to deny her release, only to give Cassandra an earth moving climax! She now knew that she had the girl in the palm of her hand! Let her think that she was employed as a slave to assist Beth in her fantasies. In reality, she would be owned by Mistress Allison! Cassandra would crave the whip and the latex cock. Her guess about Cassandra had been correct ever since the girl had accepted her bondage before her “discovery” of Beth’s sexual fantasy.

No, Beth’s friend Valerie had not worked out. The bitch was just too independent to be trained. But Cassandra was another matter. She was just begging to become a Domme’s slave.

And Mistress Allison was determined to make that reality happen!

The End of Chapter Seven

*Attn: Readers please feel free to send e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you! Please mention whatever newsgroup or Website that you read this story from so that I can keep track of my own work!*
