---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesek/hightail_university.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: HighTail University
authors:
- Firefly
tags:
- F/f
- ponygirl
- latex
- training
- gag
- harness
- cons
- X
date: 2026-01-03 00:00:00
---

#### **Part 1: Supporting Role**

Mid-day.

The best time, they say, for thinking. For being productive.

But for the young Seraphina, it was the best time for therapy. Sitting in the same boring red chair across from a woman who could have been the center of plenty of dirty-minded fantasies with her no-nonsense business suit, skirt, tight bun, and cat-eye style glasses perched on her nose.

The therapist, sitting back in her chair with one leg crossed over the other, was idly tapping the tip of her pen against the clipboard containing all the details of her past conversations with Seraphina. Of which there had been many.

“…Have you considered acting on those feelings, Miss Langford? It’s clear from several of our conversations that you feel like you have no path of your own. Perhaps it could be a healthy decision to try something new?”

Sera leaned back in her chair, a finger idly scratching a pattern into her well-worn blue jeans. Sometimes it felt like her therapist saw through her a bit too well. How long had she felt like a secondary role in everyone else's story? Heck, she hadn’t even chosen this college for herself.

At twenty-two, she still lets her parents determine her path. That’s what happened when you were born and raised in a family that held traditional values and ‘appearances’ in higher regard than just about anything else. She was pretty sure they’d even started working on plans for her marriage and how it could benefit the family.

She opened her mouth to speak, but her therapist beat her to it.

“Let’s put your parents' feelings on the matter to the side, before you speak. Set them to the side for a moment and tell me what it is YOU want to do. If you could try something new tomorrow, what would it be? Take your time and really think about it.”

Sera didn’t raise her eyes, refusing to look at her therapist. She’d always had an issue looking people in the eye. Maybe it was a lack of confidence?

As she sat there, mulling it over in her head, her thoughts were interrupted by a melodic whinny that came from outside the door of the office, which was promptly followed by a small thump on the door…

…And then the sound of several breakable-sounding objects hitting the floor and an exasperated snort.

Her therapist, who was always put together and business-like, let her forehead crease for half a second at the noise. Her composure almost broke before she caught herself. She set Sera’s clipboard on the desk in front of her and stood up, dusting off non-existent dust from her skirt, “A moment if you will, Miss Langford. I do believe a young filly just dumped my lunch on the floor…”

Sera gave a quick nod as her therapist swept past her to the door. With her thoughts interrupted, Sera looked over her shoulder towards the door as it was opened.

Standing on the other side of the door was a young woman wearing a stark white catsuit that hugged her body like a second skin. But that catsuit wasn’t the most prominent detail. It was the knee-high white boots that ended in gracefully designed hooves, the criss-crossing straps of yellow and white leather that encapsulated her body like tack crafted for a horse, and even the intricate leather bridle wrapped about her head with its striking black bit nestled neatly between her teeth, a plume of feathers rose from the top of the bridle only adding to the flair of the woman’s outfit.

Her therapist leaned on the doorframe and looked at the mess of food and coffee now deposited on the floor outside of her office. She crossed her arms, “You know. I should make you lick that mess clean.”

The woman, the pony, shuffled from hoof to hoof, obviously nervous as the steel tray slipped from the harness attached to her body to land atop the spilled food.

Then her therapist reached out and undid a single buckle from the pony's harness, letting the rest of it fall to the floor. She followed through with the movement, trailing her hand up smoothly to caress the pony's cheek and then gently massage behind her ears, “…But perhaps today we say you had a bit of a tack malfunction and you work extra hard in training later. How’s that sound?”

The pony, clearly enjoying the massage of the spots behind her ears, let out a cute sort of noise that sounded content, followed by a single stomp of a hoofed foot.

Sera’s therapist gave a quick nod and pressed a small kiss to the pony's forehead, leaving a faint outline of her lips in crimson on the woman’s forehead, “There’s a good girl. Now, back off to the barn with you. Make sure this…” She scribbled a few words on a sticky note and pressed it against the woman’s left breast, “…gets to one of the handlers down there. Okay?”

With a quick stomp, the woman-dressed-as-a-pony trotted off, leaving the two of them alone once more.

“That was nice of you, Mrs. Harlow.”

Mrs. Harlow, Ophelia by name, pushed the door shut and spun about to walk back towards her desk, “You’d be surprised how far a bit of compassion can go with a pony. Discipline has its place, but compassion. That’s how you win their hearts. Plus, Sunset is a bit of a timid creature. I guarantee you she was panicking internally at that mess. But that is besides the point…” She settled back into her chair and picked her clipboard back up, noticing that Sera’s eyes hadn’t left the door.

“Miss Langford?”

Sera blinked and flushed slightly, turning back around to face Ophelia, “Sorry. Yes, I get what you’re saying. Compassion versus Discipline has always been kind of a heated topic amongst the equine community, hasn’t it?”

Ophelia nodded, “That it has. Know something of the community, do you?”

Sera shrugged, “A little. I read a bit here and there. It’s always been kind of interesting.”

An almost imperceptible hint of a smile slipped onto crimson painted lips, “You know. You’re currently attending a college known primarily as being the highest-rated equine training facility in the country. And you’re lacking in a hobby, seeking a path to call your own…” She let the words hang in the air, letting Sera figure them out for herself.

Sera tilted her head slightly, letting her cascade of rosy gold hair fall to the side as it escaped the braid at the back of her head. After a moment, her cheeks flushed red, “What, me in hooves?” Sera shook her head quickly.

“My parents wouldn’t approve. And gosh…could you imagine me tacked up pulling a cart or something?”

Ophelia looked Sera up from toe to head of hair, “I could imagine it actually. Rose gold goes ever-so-well with so many colors.” She waved a dismissive hand, however, knowing that Sera could be a bit hesitant based on their conversations, “Alas, that is not a decision for me to make. But I think part of our therapy plan for you should be for you to try something new before our next session. How does that sound?”

“I…ehm…thank you. I think?” She wasn’t sure how to respond to the mixed compliments from the woman.

*Try something new. Maybe it IS time. A choice outside of my family's bubble.*

Sera nodded once more, “Ok. Something new, then. I’ll come up with some ideas before our next session.”

“No no. I want you to TRY something new before our next session.” She leaned over to a rack full of pamphlets for various clubs the school offered. She also scooped up one from behind her desk and scribbled some information on it. She then slid the pile of pamphlets across to Sera, “All the info about the various clubs the school offers…”

She slid another Pamphlet across separately. On the front was ‘Tuesdays @ 3:30 PM. Ask for Aurora. Beginner Basics’ written in glittery pink ink. The pamphlet was for the school's Ponygirl Club, which was hosted and run by students who were part of the equine career track, “…And if you change your mind and want to try on a pair of hooves. Take this. No pressure, of course. Tuesdays, Aurora runs a newbie class. Nice and quiet. Good for a girl looking to find her path.”

Sera slid the pamphlet on top of the others and smiled lightly, “Thank you, Mrs. Harlow. I’ll let you know what I decide to do. Am I still ok to call if I need some advice?”

“Always.”

There came a knock at the door.

“Until next time then Miss Langford?”

Sera nodded and climbed to her feet, swiping a candy from the bowl on Ophelia’s desk, a courtesy offered every time she came to therapy. Without further thought, she turned and slipped out of the room, pausing only to turn her music on and tug a pair of soft blue headphones down over her ears. Which were pretty much a requirement when she was milling about with the student body. Somehow, her headphones and music always gave her a sense of security in crowds. She put the best smile she could on her nude-painted lips and merged into the student body. Just another cog in the wheel of HighTail University.

Now it was time for her to decide what path her future might hold!

#### **Part 2: Bridle Path**

Dawn of

The First…Tuesday.

-No Hours Remain-

It’s funny how, even as an adult, wearing a set of headphones playing a particularly juicy beat can make it seem like you’re in a world of your own. The music wraps around you like a cloak while you dip and dodge between your fellow students like some sort of ninja while the epic tones of the Sons of Asgard blast in your ears. Sure, plenty of people gave you weird looks as you mouthed the words and spun about like a ballerina on cocaine.

*But you were safe. You had your own place.*

For Sera, this had been her crutch for much of her life. It wasn’t often you’d see her without a pair of headphones about her neck or perched upon her ears. They were a modern security blanket for an adult world.

Today, however, it wasn’t just students casting her curious looks as she danced along. A few students milled about, looking sweaty in their uniforms as they hiked along the dirt path up towards the back of the school. But it was the various creatures lining the fence that cast the most curious of looks at Sera as she wiggled her way along the path, wrapped as they were in latex, leather, and artistry. For the back half of the university was where the Equine Programs were housed. Nestled within a honeycomb of barns surrounded by rolling fields, training facilities, and just about any amenity that a student walking around half-naked half the time might need.

If you’d never been to a facility like this. It could come as quite a surprise, even with ponygirls being so prominent in the world these days. The green initiative had taken hold in the last five years. Fossil fuels being done away with, and many public services being replaced with skilled ponygirls from every walk of life. It certainly brought an entirely new meaning to ‘mounted police officers’. Because there was no mounting, just a tacked-up ponygirl in a tactical vest chasing and drop kicking a criminal to the curb with her durasteel hooves while other officers cuffed them and cleaned up the mess. Or sitting in the back of a rickshaw being pulled around by a pony with a particularly cute tail coloration.

The world had become an ever-so-curious place. But it was better for it. Forests were healthier, and the land was recovering.

And Sera, she was here for it! She’d never been into the pony scene personally. But it had always fascinated her enough to keep her finger on the pulse. How coal plants had been replaced with the equivalent of hamster wheels attached to super-efficient coils. Think hundreds of ponygirls on rotating shifts, running for days on end.

It was fascinating.

And here she was walking down towards the latticework of training facilities at the bottom of the sloped backdrop of the university.

But of course, Sera was lost in her own world, so it came as a shock to the group inside the main doors when she kicked the door open and belted out, “…SHOW ME THE CHAMPION OF LIGHT! I’LL SHOW YOU THE HERALD OF DARKNEEEEEESS!”

Two ponies nearly jumped out of their hooves on either side of a handler speaking to a small group of students sitting in a small row of chairs.

Sera froze in her tracks when she found herself standing there with the eyes of half a dozen people, as well as two ponies boring into her.

She reached up meekly, her cheeks growing a vibrant pink as she tugged off her headphones, “Oh…ehm…”

“…Sorry. Really good song.”

The handler, a brunette with her hair hanging down her back in a thick plait, put her hands on her hips and tilted her head a little bit, “Well. If you’re done being a songbird. Is there something you need, or did you interrupt us just to annoy me?” Asked the brunette, her fingers idly tapping at the riding crop clipped onto her belt. Something that made the pony on her left shuffle her hooves nervously.

*Deep breaths. Collect yourself. Count to five. Then speak.*

With her therapist's words ringing in her head, Sera drew in a slow breath, and after she breathed out, she nodded and reached into the convenient pocket sewn into the skirt of her uniform, pulling out the pamphlet she’d been given by Ophelia, her therapist, “I’m looking for… Aurora? I was told she holds a ‘basics’ thing at five?”

The brunette’s face seemed to soften at Sera’s words, “Ah. I’m afraid you’ve burst into the wrong building for that little Songbird. This is 2-A. You need 2-B, which is the next row of buildings towards the central meadow.”

Sera looked down at the pamphlet where ‘2-A’ was clearly written next to the information she’d been given.

“It would seem I was given the wrong place. So, next building then?”

She pointed in a random direction, which made the brunette stifle a giggle as she walked over, reaching up to tenderly take Sera’s hand and turn her to point down the long hallway leading between dozens of stalls, “Thatta way, Songbird. It’s the first big building to the left when you get out the door.” She reached up to give Sera’s cheek a pat, “…And do try and enter that one a little less…noisily. There are ponies resting in the infirmary there.”

The closeness and sudden touching caught Sera off guard. But then, she understood that the world was a place where personal space was a little less personal. Physical touch and interaction was a much more present thing in society now. Especially in the world of ponying. Of course, as it had been in the beginning. Consent was still key. No always meant no, and personal boundaries were respected as soon as they were established. Of course, this made it occasionally muddy to figure out. But then, the world had become significantly more respectful of one another whilst also becoming closer physically over the years.

Sera wouldn’t lie. Despite her anxieties, physical touch was something valued. If you wanted to win her over, just brush her hair and she’d be putty in your hands. Of course, she didn’t tell anyone that which left her standing there blushing and looking rather huffy at the Brunette’s playful antics.

The snapping of fingers in front of her face brought Sera back to reality.

“Earth-to-Songbird. You ok?”

Sera shook her head, and then nodded, and then smiled. Giving every mixed signal she possibly could before speaking to reset her brain, “Yes, yes! Sorry! Was just thinking. I’ll go now. Thatta way!” She pointed down the hall and before she could make herself look like more of a ditz, she hurried off down the hall leaving the curious group of individuals behind, a playful whinny followed her down the hall from one of the two ponies on either side of the brunette who was quick to go back into her ‘Rules of the Barn’ spiel to the tour students.

This left Sera to hurry down the path, not stopping until she slipped through the hologram door at the end of the barn and back out into the sunlight. The next set of buildings in the honeycomb layout was, as the brunette had said, to the left. She was surprised there wasn’t more milling about. But then it was early evening, so most of the handlers and ponies were readying to wind down for the day. Not many primary classes went past 5 pm. Though there were night classes, they were held in a different section of the training facility so as not to disturb those who may be sleeping or resting.

Sera subconsciously followed the weathered section of the cobblestone path between the buildings. So many hooves had scraped the cobblestones between these two buildings that the path had been ‘carved’ into the stone. Such was what happened when steel consistently met stone.

As she stepped into the next building, she first noted that it had an entirely different layout. This was not built like a typical ‘barn’ like the other one had been. This was like a massive training building. Much like walking into a gymnastics facility. Except the floor was turf and the facilities were designed for ponygirls, not gymnasts. Though there were a few ponies that could put some gymnasts to shame.

To the left was a door with a bright red cross on it and the words ‘infirmary’ written on it in plain black lettering, while to the right was another door with ‘Tack Storage’ written on it. But that was it. A big training building, a few doors and for as far as Sera could tell…not another soul in sight.

*Did I go to the wrong building again?*

She was beginning to wonder if this was the case when the infirmary door nearby opened and a girl who had thick lavender hair decorated with silvery white star clips stepped out and froze in her tracks as her minty green eyes came to rest on Sera standing there awkwardly.

“Oh! Hello Luv, You headed into the infirmary?” She asked, her eyes roaming up and down Sera curiously.

She tilted her head, “Although…you don’t look injured. Or like a pony. Oh! I know! You’re an apprentice medical student who's come to help bandage up busted ponies? Oh oh! Or you’re a famous Equine trainer who's come to give a demo…at the wrong time…” She trailed off, tapping her chin thoughtfully.

Sera had a hard time getting a word in until the girl was lost in thoughts about what other ideas she could throw out, “Ehm…actually…”

“…You’re actually the owner of the university, and you’ve come to give out a bunch of scholarships?!”

“No, that’s no—”

The girl held up a hand to silence Sera.

“Speak now, or forever hold your peace! Or whatever they say in the movies…”

Sera drew in a sharp breath, feeling like she’d have to speak quickly if she wanted to get a word in edgewise with this curious girl. Which translated to her speaking a nearly unintelligible string of words, “I’mLookingForAuroraAndIWasToldICouldFindHerHereAtFive!”

The girl's eyes widened, “Gosh. You’d give Jet a run for her money with word vomit like that. But alas, you’re in luck. Because if you were looking for Aurora…”

The lavender-haired girl did a rather elegant pirouette on the spot, ending with her holding her hands out, “Then you’ve found her. And since you were looking for me specifically at Five PM, I’m guessing you were looking for the beginners class?”

Sera didn’t speak; she only nodded in response.

Aurora beamed, “Well then. You’re entirely out of luck because the beginners' class is on Thursdays now. Womp womp.” Aurora gave a bit of a thumbs down, though she kept smiling as she noted Sera’s shoulders seemed to slump at the fact that she’d come at the wrong day and time.

*The one time I make the effort…*

She was tugged back out of her thoughts as Aurora moved up to her and tossed an arm casually over Sera’s shoulders, which was a bit awkward because Aurora was nearly a foot taller than her.

“Fortunately for you, I’m me. And you made ALL the effort to come down here. Recommended by Doctor Harlow, no less. I guess that earns you…” She looked at her watch and rocked her head back and forth, “An hour and a half of my time, then I’m on shampoo duty! The best part of my day.” She let out a dramatically relaxed sigh.

Sera wrinkled her nose visibly as she tried to digest this girl's rapid-fire statements. But the one thing that stuck out had her curious as Aurora steered her towards the center of the training area, gently but firmly at the same time, “How did you know Doctor Harlow had sent me?”

Aurora gave her a little nudge, making her stumble to stand in the center of a white ring painted on the turf. She spoke as she began to walk around Sera, looking her up and down like a predator might do to their prey, “Well. The only person I’ve not updated on the time and day change is Doctor Harlow, not for lack of wanting to. I’ve just been a little preoccupied, with race season on the horizon. That and you look the type.”

“The type…?”

Aurora stepped into the circle, pressing a single finger underneath Sera’s chin and forcing her to look up and into Aurora’s mint green eyes, “The type who could use a bit of guidance in her life. Who has no idea if she has potential. The type who seeks a path. To trim a bridle path into her hair and see if she can walk with elegance, grace, and skill. One who wants to show that she’s sooOOoo much more than just another cog in the wheel of society. Or perhaps I’m reading you wrong.” Aurora said this, nearly nose-to-nose with Sera as she forced the eye contact with the tip of her finger. The scent of playfully soft perfume danced around Aurora’s person.

Sera took a small step backwards to free herself from Aurora’s 'grasp’.

Aurora took a step back respectfully, dipping into a curtsy in an almost apologetic way as she picked up on Sera’s physical queues.

“Mm. Why don’t you tell me why you’re here instead?” Aurora said softly, offering the floor to Sera with a wave of her hand before she sank onto a nearby chair, looking up at Sera instead of down at her.

Sera moved to walk over to sit next to Aurora, “Ah ah. Didn’t say you could leave the circle. Stand there, take your time, and tell me why the pamphlet given to you brought you here. No rush. We’ve got time.” Sera may not have picked up on it, but to any other observer, they may have noticed that Aurora was speaking almost soothingly now, like she was talking to a spooked horse and trying to instill calm.

It was time for Sera to ponder why she’d climbed out of bed this afternoon and made her way out here.

#### **Part 3: Haystation 5**

‘Tell me why the pamphlet given to you brought you here.’

It was a simple question. There was a fairly simple answer to this. Sera had grown tired of being a puppet controlled by the strings of her overly traditional family. She wanted something that was HERS, something to call her own. And maybe, a way to break free of the stranglehold that hung over her daily. Even now, her phone buzzed away in the messenger-style bag hanging over her shoulder. It was past 5 pm, she was meant to be ‘checking in’ with her mother.

Sera lowered her gaze as she considered how to answer Aurora without spewing out a tide of word vomit, taking an interest in grinding the ball of her foot into the artificial turf, which was nearly indistinguishable from real grass these days.

Aurora folded her arms across her chest and crossed one leg over the other as she waited patiently. She was not unused to a shy pony or two. She wasn’t unused to finding lost creatures in her care, most of them sent her way by the same therapist who had sent Sera. Ponying had a way of connecting with the lost and broken souls without a path of their own to walk. Heck, even Aurora had taken an equine course just to move away and escape an abusive relationship. It had been the best decision she’d ever made.

Sera’s words tugged Aurora back from her trail of thoughts, “I think. Because I want to find myself. And Doctor Harlow said taking up a new hobby could help with that.”

Aurora gave a little nod, “There are a thousand hobbies on this planet, my dear. Why THIS specific one?” She encouraged, still speaking softly like one would to a spooked horse.

“I mean…ehm…previous interest? Ponies are such a big part of society these days. So it’s easily accessible, especially at this college.”

*Plus. It’s something my father expressly forbids me from engaging in. Despite sending me to this college.*

Aurora eased herself to her feet and moved up to Sera, who seemed hesitant to speak further on the subject. She could respect it; she wouldn’t push. Instead, she moved lightly into Sera’s personal space again, reaching up to take the strap of Sera’s bag and gently slide it from her shoulder.

“What are…”

“Shh. Just relax. You want to walk a new path and try something new. That’s enough for me, for most. So I want you to just follow my lead and breathe.” She felt Sera’s shoulder slump slightly, allowing the bag to be eased from her shoulder and set to the side just outside the circle.

Aurora spoke as she trailed her fingers along Sera’s shoulder, following the curve of her spine, eventually giving a tiny prod at the base of the girl's back and making Sera roll her hips forward, “Much of the first class a pony takes with me is on the pony headspace. Engaging in this hobby, this activity, this lifestyle takes a certain headspace. And that brings a certain amount of…vulnerability.” She said this as she ran her fingers over Sera’s hair, a flick of her fingers separating the clasp that held her rosy gold curls in their thick ponytail and sending them cascading down around her form.

Aurora paused then, taking a small step back to give Sera some breathing room, “To embody and succeed as a pony. You have to be willing to let go of a certain part of yourself and embody the…for lack of a better word, animal that you are trying to be.” She smiled lightly and reached into the toolbelt about her waist, drawing out a thickly bristled brush.

“May I?” She asked, motioning to Sera’s hair.

Sera gave a small nod. Aurora wasted no time in moving around behind her to start brushing and pulling Sera’s veritable mane of hair back. Her movements were soft and gentle, calming.

“So…you have to become someone else?”

Aurora let out a melodic giggle, “Sort of. Lesson one, though, ponies don’t typically speak. So, unless you’d prefer I fit you with a bit, just remain quiet and listen. Ok?”

Sera chewed on her lower lip.

“Fine.”

A smile played across Aurora’s lips as she pushed a foot between Sera’s feet, which were currently tightly together. She turned her foot to wedge Sera’s legs apart gently until she was standing in line with her shoulders, then she continued. Fingers tugged and twisted as she worked at brushing more and more of the girl's hair back, twining it into a thick multi-strand braid at the back of her head.

“Now. It’s not that you become someone else. More like…you embrace the part of yourself that, while accepted in society, has been a slightly debated topic. A subservient side of yourself, but also one with a desire to succeed and work hard. I mean, not every pony is subservient in a sense. Police Equine, for example, are required to think and take charge. But they still embody that headspace. Relaxed, Elegant, Strong, Obedient, and above all else, dedicated to the task at hand.” She finished twining Sera’s hair into its thick braid that fell to just above her butt, which was tied off with a length of black ribbon pulled from a pouch in her toolbelt. She then drew out a headband with a pair of white equine ears attached to it.

Humming softly, Aurora would reach up, gently nestling the headband down atop Sera’s head, fingers flicking and arranging the girl's hair around it as well as leaving a few stray pieces of hair to frame the girl's face. Then she leaned in close, smooshing a cheek against Sera’s and holding up a mirror for the other girl to see her handiwork, “It also helps that most of us ponies look great with a minor amount of help. Now look in that mirror and tell me that doesn’t look like a rosy pony ready to take on the world.” Aurora was smiling brightly as she leaned on Sera cheek-to-cheek, the scent of her perfume tickling the rose-haired woman's nose.

While Sera stared at the sight greeting her in the mirror with a small tilt of her head, Aurora was digging around in one of the pouches around her waist.

“Ponying is a lot of hard work. Sweat. Tears. But also beauty, skill, and plenty of pampering if you behave.” Aurora giggled softly, “Or punishment if you don’t. Trust me. You don’t want to end up with your bridle tied to a hot walker for an hour on a hot afternoon because you snorted at the wrong trainer.” She huffed slightly, remembering herself in that exact position not even a week ago. Aurora could occasionally have a bit of a bratty streak when she was tacked up. Sassy was a good word for her attitude at times.

Sera reached back, drawing the thick braid over her shoulder. She was almost surprised at the girl looking back in the mirror at her. A bit of brushing and a headband went a long way to instilling a curious sense of self in her. Aurora could see it in her eyes and chose the moment to hold up a black silicone bit attached to two leather straps on the other side of Sera’s head.

“Now. You’ve got a choice here. My first lesson with a potential recruit is usually to see how they handle just existing as a pony. No training, nothing strenuous. You get led around the barn a bit, meet a few other ponies if you’re comfortable, and see how things work. Just let you soak in everything and see how you handle that. But…that comes at a price.” She jingled the bit, “You give me your voice for the entirety of today’s session. Consensually, of course. And that consent can be withdrawn at any time if you feel uncomfortable.”

Sera stared at the bit, a flicker of nervousness showing in her face.

*She doesn’t waste any time. Is this…really ok?*

Images of her family flickered through the back of her head. But then, her therapist's words did too. How many chats had they had about walking her own path? This, it would seem, was a crossroads of sorts.

Aurora fluttered her long lashes almost innocently, “So what will it be? Sacrifice your voice for an hour and see what it’s like spending time as a pony. Or do you take this stunning new hairstyle with you and run off to find a different hobby? The choice is yours. Part your lips, or hug me and trot off. Answer with your actions, not words. Ponies don’t speak.” She winked.

Sera felt nerves bubbling up in her stomach. It was a lot all at once. She shuffled her feet nervously, bringing them closer together, only to find Aurora’s foot was still there, keeping her from doing so. All her thoughts were running on rapid-fire, but eventually they all coalesced into a single thought.

*Something new.*

She parted her lips slowly, which made Aurora’s face practically light up the room, “Hee. Yay! Now there’s a good girl.” She whispered, lifting the silicone bit, “Just relax and let me handle this.” She pushed the bit between Sera’s teeth, pressing it until it was practically in the back of the girl's mouth, and with a quick flourish, the clasps were brought back around behind Sera’s head.

Aurora paused and tapped her chin, “Hm. I hope this wasn’t the bit I dropped in the toilet the other day.” She mused.

Sera squeaked and reached up to grab at the bit at the same time Aurora closed the clasp and locked it behind Sera’s head, Sera’s fingers scrabbled at the edge of the bit with a huff.

“Oh, relax. I was kidding. The toilet bit is only for the bad ponies…” She said playfully, noting that Sera calmed down a little bit, albeit with a slight huff.

Stepping back, she’d walk around in front of Sera to study her for a moment, “Look at you. Already looking the part. The grooms are going to LOVE you with hair like that.” She mused whilst standing and putting one hand on her hip while checking her watch with the other.

“We’ve got roughly an hour, Pony. So you’re going to shadow me a bit as I tend to my end-of-day errands in the barn. Kay?”

Sera tilted her head.

Aurora smacked herself in the forehead, “Right. Ahem.” She clapped her hands together.

“Lesson two. How does one communicate without a voice? For ponies. It’s pretty easy. You have two answers to any given question. Yes and no.”

Aurora stomped the ground once, hard, a metal plate in her shoe making a resounding metallic click on the ground, “One stomp is yes.” She stomped twice, “Two stomps, is no. You following me?”

Sera stomped once. It was pretty straightforward, it would seem. She had always wondered how equine students managed to communicate.

“There’s a good girl!” Aurora tousled Sera’s hair and spun on her heel to face away from her, “Well then! Let’s head to the big old haystation five! Which, despite the name, has little to do with actual hay. Sometimes I swear the naming of the facilities here was done by a toddler with a set of crayons.” Aurora huffed lightly and motioned for Sera to follow her, “Come along. Behind and slightly to the left of me unless I tell you otherwise.”

Without giving Sera any time to respond, she leaned down and scooped up Sera’s removed bag and walked off towards the same door Sera had entered through.

Aurora didn’t even look over her shoulder to know Sera hadn’t moved, “We don’t have all day, Pony! If you lose me, you’re going to be stuck with that bit in until you find me, only I have the key.” She taunted, making Sera snap back to reality and hurry to follow her a bit awkwardly.

Of course, EVERY trainer had keys to every lock. But Sera didn’t need to know that, did she?

So the first steps had begun. It was time to see what it was like in the equine facilities! What was in store for Sera and her unlikely handler, Aurora? The real question was, how would she keep this a secret? Did she even want to?

#### **Part 4: Where to?**

Most ponies were led around by the reins, or a leash clipped to a tastefully designed collar. But here was Sera, following along with nothing more than a bit in her mouth and a pair of pony ears perched atop her head. You could almost say she was wearing a metaphorical leash as she moved along behind Aurora out of the training barn, through into the barn that Sera had originally come through. The only difference is that now this barn was busy like a beehive.

Trainers and handlers of all shapes and sizes milled about pulling along one or half a dozen colorfully tacked-up ponies. Wash stalls were filled with naked ponies hanging by their wrists, being soaped up by various grooms who looked like they were all business. It was kind of like a pony car wash. Stalls were being cleaned and matted down with mountains of pillows and various accessories. It took almost all of Sera’s focus to dodge between all the hustle and bustle while following Aurora, who knew how to navigate this without so much as a thought.

Several curious looks fell upon the rosy gold-haired pony following Aurora, and after a casual glance over her shoulder, Aurora slowed her pace and steered her companion for the evening into a less busy row of stalls where she paused and turned about to face Sera, whose face was flushed, and whose breathing was quickened visibly.

“Deep breaths. Not much for crowds, are you?”

Sera was shivering slightly, giving a small set of two stomps.

It was funny, before they’d entered the barn, she’d almost felt ready to tackle a group of people. But like mental health always did, Anxiety reared its head.

Aurora studied her for a long moment and tapped her chin thoughtfully before raising her hands and spreading her fingers, “Scale of one to ten. How bad? Use your nose.”

Sera looked at the girl's fingers for a moment and then leaned forward to press her nose to what she’d assume would be Aurora’s 9th finger.

“Nine?”

Sera stomped.

Aurora reached up and tousled her chocolatey brown hair a little bit. “This will be a difficult journey for you.”

Sera frowned visibly at that comment.

“But not an impossible one. It’s funny how ponying can help alleviate certain anxieties. That or we find a way to cope with them more easily. Look at me, for example! ADHD mixed with social anxiety and depressive tendencies, as Doctor Harlow would put it.” She lifted her right arm and rolled it over, showing the series of vertical scars up and down her wrist, “I was in a bad place once. Couldn’t handle crowds, no motivation. Rock bottom, one might say.” Then she raised her other arm, where a tattoo had been etched into her skin over similar scars, turning them into a beautiful series of interwoven cherry blossom trees, “But I can say. It gets better.”

She smiled lightly, “Do you have any sort of coping mechanism in place?” She asked Sera with a small tilt of her head, “And please. Feel free not to answer. I know this is all personal information. But it’s for a good reason, I promise!”

Sera took a small interest in her feet then, staring at the toe of her uniform's shoes as she considered whether or not she’d answer the question. Aurora had been kind so far and had even shared some of her own personal history. It felt only right to do the same in response. At least, for now.

She gave a single stomp and looked towards her bag on Aurora’s shoulder.

Following the pony's gaze, Aurora would smile lightly, “May I?”

Yet again, Sera stomped.

Aurora flipped open the top of the university-issued bag and found an organized mess of things inside. Chapstick, Class schedule, Cellphone, etc., etc. Though the most prominent of them was a pair of over-the-ear headphones. She drew them out and held them up. She didn’t say anything, she just tilted her head a little.

Sera’s stomp was all the assurance she needed. But it also gave her reason to pause.

“Hm. That does make it a bit difficult. Because ponies need to be aware of their environment.” She frowned a little bit and rolled the headphones over in her hands for a few moments.

“Blindfold? Stereo? I can’t strap a boombox to her. Hm…Vibrator? No no. Too much. Oh oh! NIKOLAI! WHERE IS YOUR CUTE LITTLE ASS?!” She called out suddenly.

For a moment nothing happened, but then there was a loud crash and the blonde haired head of a sleepy looking guy popped up from inside of one of the nearby stalls, an indignant snort coming from his lips as he lay his head on the open grate on the front of the stall, “Ugh…need you be so loud Aurora?” He asked with a grumble.

Aurora hurried over to the stall, practically dragging Sera with her before leaning in and rubbing the palms of her hands against the stallion's cheeks, “Oh hush. You know you love me.”

As much as the stallion looked annoyed at the rubbing of his cheeks, it was clear there was some sort of fondness between them as he just sighed and gave in to the treatment, which quickly devolved into Aurora pushing her fingers through his mane idly, smoothing out a few flyaway hairs, “You. My dear. Need a bit of a trim. Maybe some color. When are you going to let meeEEEEEeee color your hair to match your tack?!”

Nikolai snorted, “When you convince Starlight to stop being pretty.”

Aurora scoffed, “Not. Happening.”

Nikolai stomped once and huffed.

“Aaaaaaanywho. This here is Sera! Maybe a new pony. Maybe just a touring cutie. But SHE requires something that only you, my dear stallion, might have.”

Nikolai leaned to the side to peek at Sera, who was standing behind Aurora and looking intently at her feet. He nickered softly at her and then turned his gaze back to Aurora, “Ear buds?”

Aurora nodded, “Ear buds. Just one. Pleeeeeeease tell me you have a spare set.”

Nikolai wrinkled his nose, “You know. The last set I gave you never came back.”

“But it’s not for meeeee! It’s for her. C’mon. Think of the children!”

“What Children…”

“Exactly. Now cough them up, or I’ll schedule you into Starlights class ALL week next week just so she can leave you in the dust. And covered in that sparkly dust she's so fond of…”

Nikolai let out an exasperated sigh and ducked down into his stall. There was an amount of shuffling before he popped back up, raising a hand and offering a pair of what looked like small hoops, not ear buds, “Please make sure they come back this time.”

Aurora swiped them and then reached up, seizing Nikolai on either side of the face and pulling him in to press a kiss right onto his nose, which made his face light up red, “You are the sweetest Stallion, you know that? Thank you. See you in Groom class later?”

Nikolai gave a nod, but he’d shifted his focus to Sera, who was still looking at her feet, “I know you’re nervous. But you’re in good hands.” He said softly, before simply ducking back into his stall, the sound of someone sinking into a mountain of pillows atop a thick mattress could be heard before Aurora turned back around to Sera.

“Nikolai is a sweetheart. One of the most talented Derby stallions we have. Maybe you’ll get to meet him properly sometime. Now…for the pièce de resistance!” She held out the pair of hoop-like devices in the palm of her hand.

“Nikolai uses these during his races. They let him listen to music while still being able to hear his surroundings. Hence the big ol’ hole in the center of them. Of course, I can’t pair them to your phone without the password, so you’ll have to settle for the barn's syncwaves, which is usually a mishmash of genres and songs. Does that sound reasonable?”

Sera was a bit taken aback by both the kindness and the cute interaction, as well as the offered pair of earbuds. She smiled lightly around the bit, letting out a small groan as a long line of drool leaked from the corner of her mouth. She sucked at the bit, trying to stop the flow from pooling down over her shirt.

Aurora simply stifled a giggle, “Trust me, you’ll have to get used to the slight embarrassment of drooling. It kind of comes with the territory of wearing a bit. Here…” She pressed the hoops into Sera’s hands, “You put those in, I’ll fix the drool.”

Working in tandem, Sera reached up, taking a minute to figure out how to push the hoops into her ears while Aurora tugged a handkerchief out of one of her many pouches and used it to soak up the drool around the edge of Sera’s bit to her embarrassment.

Once the ear buds were in place, Aurora took a step back and smiled lightly, “All in there? Can you hear me ok?”

Sera gave a quick stomp.

“Good! Now let’s give this a try. NIKOLAI! Which gesture for Barn Syncwaves?”

From inside the stall came a sleepy voice, “Two snaps, Sync Barn on.”

"Well, that's boring. Could have at least named it something fun…" Mumbled Aurora with a bit of a pout.

Perking right back up, Aurora reached out beside Sera’s right ear and snapped twice, “Sync Barn, on.”

For a moment, nothing happened. But then there was a series of small beeps in Sera’s ears, followed by the sudden rush of Trotter Swift's new hit filling her ears. But as explained, she could still quite easily hear her surroundings. She blinked a few times. How had she not heard of earbuds like these?

“Well? Can you hear me? Can you appreciaaaaaate me? Do you think I’m the cutest and best handler of ALL time?!” Aurora fired off these questions so quickly that Sera was at a loss on how to respond without answering yes to all of them. Which she was sure was the point.

Sera huffed and gave a small stomp.

Aurora grinned, “See. I knew I was the best. I’ll accept second cutest next to Nikolai over there though…” A snort came from inside the stall next to them.

“Alright. Anxiety Alleviation acquired! Let’s go through the less busy section of the barn. I’ll let you peek at a few of the grooms while we head to Haystation Five to find my schedule. Come along, Pony.” Aurora spun on the ball of her foot like a ballerina and walked off for the second time that day with Sera moving quickly in tow as they headed for the main entrance of the barn, the one Sera had unceremoniously kicked open earlier.

She was happy to have the music filling her ears as they moved along. It definitely put some of her nerves at ease. It’s funny how a bit of music could make you feel safer.

So they were off, heading through the front of the barn and on a long tour. This main building was sort of the main ‘hub’ for first-year Grooms, Handlers, and Ponies. With a few senior years of each thrown in for good measure. Aurora led Sera along through the less busy halls, stopping only to push a treat or two into the mouths of some of her favorite ponies, to bury a few friends in hugs, and then move on out of the building into the bright virtualised sunlight flooding the rolling meadow in the middle of this particular honeycomb of buildings. A few ponies milled about in the field, most looking tired or relaxed. None really spared Aurora and Sera much of a glance as they headed into what could only be described as a ‘classic barn’ styled building. It was big, angular, and bright red, which really didn’t fit the theme of the rest of the semi-futuristic buildings.

The outside, however, was misleading. Because as soon as they stepped inside, they were greeted by three separate floors of specialized workout equipment. Ponies ran on omnidirectional conveyor belts with VR headsets on, nearby screens showing their race through the Sahara rainforest. From VR rigs to hotwalking circles measuring all the participating ponies' vitals and fitness levels, which were uploaded into a central databank that Equine Support Staff could all access. It was a huge fitness building clearly designed to help ponies hit those peak fitness goals.

“Haystation Five,” Aurora murmured over her shoulder at Sera, whose eyes were wide as she took in every bit of the place. It made the school's main workout facility look like a yoga ball and a few pull-up bars. This WAS HighTail University after all, so the focus did tend to lean heavily in favor of training up-and-coming ponies. Of course, regular students were permitted to use these facilities as well…given they were in tack, and part of either a program or club.

“Whmmoh!” Came Sera’s muffled ‘whoa’ around the bit fitted between her teeth.

Aurora slowed down and stood beside Sera, placing an arm on the other girl's shoulder and leaning on her, “It’s kind of neat, isn’t it? If you officially join our club, you get access to all of this. Free of charge! Well…unless you count your voice as currency. But hey, that’s a small price to pay, I think. We've even got a few people who only spend time in tack so that they can use this fitness facility to further their goals outside of equine-related pursuits.” She gave Sera’s side a gentle poke, making the girl squeak slightly around her bit. “The muffled noise was cute. How are you feeling? Those earbuds doing their job?”

Sera gave a quick stomp.

“Good. Now then. If I was looking for a gal with lavender hair accented with iridescent blue, whose eyeliner is so sharp it could cut through a diamond, where do you think I might find her?” Aurora mused, asking Sera but not expecting an answer as the pair of them scanned the first floor with their eyes.

Sera nodded towards a particular individual on one of the traditional treadmills. She had the aforementioned color of hair and one of the prettiest tack sets Sera had ever laid eyes on. Made up of iridescent midnight blue and smoky violet leather. The pony in question was wrapped in a corset-style chest harness, accented with highly polished silver buckles. Her tail, a plug style, was made of a flowing plume of silvery lilac with tiny crystalline beads woven into it, which sparkled as they caught the light each time she moved.

Aurora grinned, “Good eye. She’s kind of hard to miss, isn’t she?” She couldn’t help but giggle at Sera’s stomp and the way the girl's eyes took in every detail of Starlight’s outfit. Starlight was extremely particular about her aesthetic.

“Mmff sho prehhy…”

Aurora flicked Sera’s nose, “While I agree with that sentiment. Your voice belongs to me. No speaking. Care to meet her? She’s got my schedule tucked somewhere inside that outfit of hers.”

Aurora walked off without really waiting for an answer, motioning for Sera to follow, which she did. They made their way over to Starlight, whose bright, artificially tinted violet eyes fell upon the pair as they approached. She gave the stop button a kick with one of her mirrored chrome hooves connected to the knee-high pony boots she wore. The treadmill slowed down and eventually came to a stop. The pony's chest heaved slightly as she caught her breath, turning to consider the pair with a tilt of her head.

“Staaaaarlight. I’ve been told you’ve got my schedule for the evening on you. And I swear it better not be tucked away in your asscrack.”

Starlight let out an indignant snort as she stepped down off the treadmill. Even the slightest movement she made seemed elegant as she stood at their level. Or at least, close to it. Her hooves gave her a significant height boost that, when combined with her long legs, had her standing higher than even Aurora.

Aurora reached up and hooked a finger into the moonstone choker Starlight wore, dragging her down to eye level. Sera noted that the choker had an ID tag riveted to it, bearing a number and the name ‘Starlight’ engraved into its surface.

“Schedule?” Aurora asked, perhaps a touch more firmly than Sera had seen her thus far.

Starlight leaned in and rubbed a sweaty forehead against Aurora’s cheek before standing up and turning her gaze downwards to look at a zipper in the side of her corset harness. Aurora wasted no time in sliding the zipper open and pulling out a folder that was soaked with sweat. She stared at it and then cast an annoyed look at Sera, “Really? You couldn’t have stored it ANYWHERE else. You had to stick it in the sweatiest part of your outfit?”

Starlight wiggled her ass back and forth and whinnied.

Aurora huffed, “I’ll remember that.” She mumbled as she used her handkerchief to wipe off the thankfully plastic folder.

While Aurora wiped off the folder, Starlight sauntered around, leaning in nearly nose-to-nose with Sera. Close enough that it was hard for Sera to not appreciate the iridescent shimmer and crystals dusted tastefully along the pony's cheeks, nor the way her glossy lips shimmered, wrapped around the bit in her mouth. Though Sera took care not to look the pony in the eyes as she found her nerves bubbling up inside her, “Eh…mmhmm…y’hh ahhfhh ishhh vuh-vuh pwuhh-dee…”

Starlight whinnied happily, apparently understanding the comment, then she flicked Aurora with her tail, turning to look over her shoulder at her and tilting her head.

“I see you’ve, as usual, taken an interest in something entirely unrelated to the task at hand. I swear your ADHD is worse than mine. That, dear Starlight, is Sera. She came to check out the beginners' course today, but was unaware it had moved. But me being me, I had to be generous and at least give her a taste. Gotta make sure they come back willingly, y’know?”

Sera stood there, blushing vividly at the teasing comment and explanation.

Starlight stood up and took a small step back to stand beside Aurora. Both of them faced Sera now, Starlight's eyes roaming right from Sera’s toes to the tip of her head. She let out a bit of a nicker.

“Some potential there?” Aurora asked.

Starlight gave a sharp stomp before crouching down and leaning in close enough to Sera’s legs that she could feel the pony's breath on them. Sera took a small step back, which Starlight was quick to pick up on, stepping back respectfully as well before looking between Sera and Aurora with a raised eyebrow.

Aurora waved a dismissive hand, “Shut up, Starlight. I know. It’s like I’m looking in a mirror from five years ago."

Starlight snorted lightly and spun, her perfumed tail smacking Sera playfully across the face before the sparkling pony climbed back onto the treadmill, kicking it to start it up again.

Aurora rubbed her head, “All business sometimes, that one. See you tonight, Starlight!” A whinny came in response as Aurora flipped open her schedule, rifling through the lists of ponies and who she’d been assigned to, “Busy evening by the look of it. I’ve got a bit less time than I anticipated. Unless you’d like to tag along and watch an introductory groom session? They always need volunteer ponies. It’s that or we finish off the tour, and you can retire for the evening. I know this is all probably a lot all at once. Option A or B? One or two stomps accordingly.”

Sera considered Aurora’s words. The evening HAD been genuinely enjoyable so far, despite the few anxiety-inducing moments. But it had also opened her up to a world of possibilities. But she knew it was important to take small steps, to keep herself from getting entirely overwhelmed. So she gave two stomps in succession.

Aurora notably frowned, for half a second, but it was quickly replaced by a smile, “Only if you agree to come to the beginners' session on Thursday.” She teased.

Sera gave a single stomp.

*Hard not to want to come… This was really nice.*

She could only hope it wasn’t too crowded when she did choose to come.

Aurora beamed and nodded, “Yay! I’m glad. Cause Starlight doesn’t see potential in juuuuust anyone. She marked you with her sparkles…good luck getting that out of your hair. We may just have to dip you in glitter like we do her and call it a day. Because it’s a losing battle otherwise…” She mused, teasing the blushing Sera.

Sera huffed while Aurora turned, motioning for her to follow as they walked towards the opposite entrance of Haystation Five.

As Aurora walked out the door, she glanced over her shoulder at Sera, “And don’t think I didn’t notice you trying to talk to Starlight. Some trainers would find a fitting way to correct that. Luckily for you, I’m me. And you’re new, and not quite official yet. So you’re safe this time. But if you join us properly, it’s something you’d do well to keep in mind.” She waved a hand over her shoulder as they entered the next building, which was essentially a giant infirmary. Thankfully, it currently only housed a few various individuals.

“This is one of three infirmaries on the campus. Each year gets its own, though you’ll usually end up in the nearest one to be treated, regardless of year. Much like anywhere else, we’ve got some of the most up-to-date tech due to our partnering with the local hospital, which often lets its trainees intern here to learn to treat injuries that are common amongst ponies. Pretty boring for the most part, the goal is to never end up in here during your pony career. Unless you’re like Athena over there and decide that getting hurt is your goal in life…” Lying in a cozy-looking bed nearby was a woman with a smooth leather panel strapped over her mouth, with her right leg and arm both in casts, looking rather unhappy. She made garbled noises in Aurora’s direction.

“Oh, hush Athena. You’ll be back to busting up your hooves in no time!” She cast a sidelong gaze at Athena to much grumbling and then led Sera out of the room and through the next few buildings. Two full training buildings, one of which even had an entire indoor track surrounded by stands. A tack building which was permeated by the scent of leather, metal, latex, and all sorts of exotic oils. Though it was empty for the moment, as most of the farriers had retired for the day. After a few more buildings, they finally ended up at…

“The main entrance once again. So what do you think? Ready to drop all your courses and step into a pair of hooves?”

Aurora asked this as she reached up, sliding her fingers through Sera’s hair around the back of her head and undoing the clasp on the straps holding the bit in her mouth. She then pulled it out, a trail of drool stretching between the bit and Sera’s lips as Aurora tossed it into a nearby sink built into the wall.

Sera let out a small groan as the bit slid from between her teeth. She let out an audible groan as her slowly-growing-sore jaw was relieved. She rotated her jaw a little bit, surprised as Aurora reached up, pressing her fingers gently into the joints on either side of Sera’s jaw and then massaging ever-so-gently.

“You get used to it, as does your jaw. Believe it or not, many career ponies actually get their back two teeth removed on their upper and lowers to allow a bit to fit a bit better and reduce jaw issues. They just have custom retainers they can put in during meals.” She couldn’t help but smile at the relaxed look on Sera’s face as her fingers found the exact right spots to relieve jaw tension.

“That…feels really nice…” Sera murmured, surprised at how she didn’t mind the girl in her space and almost leaning into Aurora’s hands. To which Aurora stopped suddenly.

“It sure does. And it’s free of charge when you sign up!” She said with a playful wink.

“Now I’ll ask again, did you enjoy yourself? What did you think?”

Sera frowned a little bit, reaching up to tug the hoops out of each of her ears, “It was really enjoyable. More so than I expected. But a bit intimidating at the same time. My anxiety certainly didn’t help. And I mean, I only followed you around for a bit.”

Aurora clasped her hands behind her back, “And wore a bit, and followed obediently. You did more than you think you did. Maybe even touched ever-so-slightly on that headspace I mentioned. Regardless. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself, and if you give it a chance, the anxiety will ease up. I know mine did. But then, we aren’t all the same.”

“I’ll take your word for it. On all parts. I did enjoy it. Thank you so much, Aurora.”

“You’re quite welcome, dear Sera. You think you’ll come back for another session?”

Sera took her bag as it was offered to her, “I’m considering it.”

Aurora dug into one of her pouches and produced a folded-up pamphlet as well as a card. She held out the Pamphlet first, “The dates and times of the actual beginner sessions now. Updated, of course. And…” She tugged a pen out and scribbled a few words on the card before handing it to Sera, “My personal trainer card. In case you want something a bit more private until you’re ready to be in the club mix. I’d love to see you back. You’ve got a hint of that pony spirit, and speaking from experience, I think the club could do you a whole lot of good. I’ll make sure to let Doctor Harlow know you came out today. I’m sure she will be delighted.”

Sera slid the pamphlet into the main section of her bag and the card into the slot on the back of her phone, “Oh! I guess these have to go back too.” She held out the ear buds to Aurora, who proceeded to reach out, close Sera’s fist around them and pushed them back towards her.

“No, no. You keep those. Call them a gift for the scheduling screw up today. Same with the ear headband. Though you’re forbidden from removing those ears until you at least get to the dorm. Club advertising fee and all that…” She teased with a smile.

Sera shuffled lightly, unsure how to react or thank Aurora for the kindness she was showing. She reached up and traced a finger along the headband and the plasticy ears attached to it, “Thank you, Aurora. For the day, and everything.” She dipped into a polite half-bow and then gathered her bag.

“Until next time?” Aurora asked.

Sera smiled, “Until next time.” She reassured her before turning on her heel and hurrying out without further words, making sure to in fact leave the headband on her head until she got back to her dorm.

The path had been laid. The starting gate had been set. Now it was just up to Sera on whether or not she decided to run amongst the rest.
