---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/f
- bond
- rope
- handcuffs
- blindfold
- gag
- packaged
- cartrunk
- transported
- hogtie
- rubber
- heels
- cons
- x
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride03.html))

**Chapter Three**

The
new bride slept like a baby until she was jostled by the jet’s wheels touching
the pavement of the runway.  She remained still while the plane taxied,
then turned her blind eyes expectantly in the direction of the footsteps
that she heard approaching.  She felt the cord attaching her feet
to the end of the couch being loosened, then one wrist was uncuffed, and
quickly her hands were drawn behind her back, and re-cuffed.  Her
ankles were pulled toward her wrists, and tied to the chain linking her
cuffed wrists in a moderately tight hog-tie.  Any struggle or movement
of her feet caused the steel cuffs to dig into the tender flesh of her
wrists.  “No future in that,” she decided, and lay passively while
others on the plane prepared to disembark.  Mary felt two sets of
hands lift her off the couch.  Her limp body came to rest in a hard,
rather formfitting cylinder of hard plastic or lightweight metal. 
She wiggled to find a more comfortable spot for her hipbone, and then heard
and felt the cylinder close around her, and lock shut.  What Mary
could not know was that she was not confined in a specialized bondage transport
apparatus, but rather the protective plastic travel shell that golfers
use to transport their golf bags during air travel.  Since the ego
of the average golfer is large, and his golf bag is even larger, these
plastic cases are rather roomy, lock securely, and even have built in wheels
to allow a heavy bag of clubs, or a moderate sized woman, to be transported
easily from the plane to the car.  Since this was a private jet, Mary
didn’t have to suffer the indignity of being routed through baggage claim! 
Once stowed in the trunk along with the other baggage, Mary endured a hot,
dark ride of almost an hour before the car stopped, the trunk opened, and
her personal travel container was hauled by someone she could not see,
into a place she did not know, to a fate she could hardly imagine!

Mary
heard the fasteners of the plastic cylinder click open, and enjoyed the
rush of cool air inside what was obviously an air conditioned building. 
They were in a warm climate, and between the car trunk, the claustrophobic
plastic carrier, her wedding dress, all the petticoats, the corset and
the gloves, Mary was completely soaked with sweat.  She felt gentle
hands release her feet from the hog-tied position, then unlock the cuff
from each wrist.  She heard footsteps withdrawing, and heard the door
close, and lock.  She listened for a moment, but other than her breathing,
there was silence.

The
long-suffering bride flexed her stiff fingers, and tentatively lifted the
blindfold.  She was in a large bedroom, decorated in a feminine manner,
and softly lit.  She removed the blindfold the rest of the way, then
reached behind her head and unbuckled the ballgag.  With a happy groan
she pulled it from between her numb lips.  It popped free and a river
of drool escaped from the corner of her mouth.  She flexed her aching
jaws and sat upright.  As she looked around the room she tried to
coax her tingling fingers into unknotting the cord binding her ankles. 
She was patient, and in a couple of minutes her legs were free, and she
clambered out of the plastic cylinder.  Her legs were unsteady under
her, like a newborn fawn, and she lurched over to the bed, and sat down
heavily.  She happened to glance into the mirror over a large dresser,
and was fascinated at what she saw.  She was a little rumpled, but
really only her tousled hair and the dark circles under her tired eyes
betrayed her ordeal.  A comb and a little makeup, and she would be
as beautiful as the bride that walked down the aisle so many hours ago!

Feeling
better, and exceeding curious about what was going on, she stood, and began
to explore her elegant accommodations.  The closet was large, but
there were no clothes awaiting her.  Disappointed, she entered the
huge bathroom.  All necessary toiletries were displayed for her selection,
along with a pile of soft, fluffy white towels, a bathrobe, and a sweet,
floral print nightgown.  There was also a pink envelope propped against
a small vase which contained a single rosebud.  She smiled, and opened
the envelope.

DARLING,

I KNOW
YOU MUST BE TIRED.  SLEEP AS LONG AS YOU WISH, BATHE

AND
WHEN YOU ARE READY TO EAT, DIAL “1”.  SUITABLE CLOTHING

WILL
BE PROVIDED.

REST
WELL....SOMETHING INTERESTING IS ON TAP FOR TOMORROW!!

LOVE,

JAMES

Mary
didn’t need additional encouragement!  Off came the high heels and
gloves.  She quickly unzipped her dress, and let it drop to the floor. 
The mass of frothy petticoats joined the growing pile, followed by her
stocking, her bra and her panties.  She looked at herself in the mirror. 
Only the corset remained.  She was always amazed at how such an innocently
feminine, lacy garment could exercise such iron control over her posture,
her carriage and especially, her respiration!  Mary loved the way
her body looked when tight-laced, but now, after hours and hours, it was
screaming for release.  She silently gave thanks that this corset
didn’t have a locking waist strap, and reached behind her for the bow at
the small of her back.  It was double knotted, and wet with her sweat,
and it took frustrating minutes to untie.  Once undone, Mary quickly
loosened the laces, and for the first time in such a long time, took a
deep breath.  “How wonderful!” she exulted.  Quickly she unfastened
the busk, and let the stern garment add to the white pile at her feet. 
Even un-corsetted, her waistline was diminutive, but after so many hours
of restriction, Mary tummy felt like it had a had expanded into a large
beer belly!

The
tired, but happy young woman used the bathroom, donned her nightgown, and
slipped gratefully between the crisp, cool sheets.  In moments she
was asleep.

\* \*
\* \* \*

With
a contented groan Mary greeted the new day by slowly opening one sleepy
eye.  To her surprise, she saw that while the window was heavily draped,
there was a small slit of sunlight peeping out.  Last night she had
been too tired to notice that the room even had a window, and she had absolutely
no idea what time she had gone to sleep, how long she had slept, or even
what day it was.

Remembering
her instructions, she sat up, and dialed “1” on the phone.  She was
a little disappointed when a feminine voice answered. “I........I’m going
to take a bath now,” she stuttered, “ and I would love some clothes and
something to eat.”  “Yes, Mistress,” the voice responded respectfully. 
“I am Felice, your maidservant, and am happy to be in your service.” 
Mary was impressed.  She had never had a maidservant before! 
“Thank you, Felice.”  She hung up the phone with a pleased smile on
her face, and headed for the eagerly anticipated hot bath.

 When
she finished bathing, drying her hair, and her makeup, she walked back
into the bedroom.  Her bed had been made and the drapes were open,
allowing sunshine to stream into the room.  Mary started to admire
the view, when her eyes fell on the garments laid out for her on the bed. 
Her visions of a pretty sundress disappeared.  With a slight frown,
she examined her clothing more carefully.

It
was black.  It was made of thin, shiny rubber.  It was tiny.

Mary
picked up the strange dress.  At least she thought it was supposed
to be a dress!  It rustled softly as she held it before her for inspection. 
It reminded her of a tennis dress.  The neckline was scooped, the
waist was tightly nipped, and the skirt was flared, and very short. 
Under the dress was a pair of white rubber panties, and a flouncy white
mini-petticoat.  The bodice of the dress was unadorned, except for
two small holes cut in the shining rubber.  “Oh no!” she groaned to
herself, “nipple cutouts!”  There were no stockings, but her footwear
was a pair of black patent leather shoes with the highest heels she had
ever seen.  The shoes had a strap which buckled around her ankle,
and the buckle had a little hole, with a minuscule lock hanging open. 
There was also a pair of handcuffs, and another note.

With
a furrowed brow she read the note, then dutifully began to comply with
her instructions.  The dress was obviously custom made, because every
square inch above the flared skirt clung to her figure like a second skin.
She zipped up the back, then settled her large breasts into the tight bodice. 
The cups were perhaps one size smaller than her normal bra.  Her milky
white flesh fought against the confining rubber and her nipples popped
out of the cutouts like two ripe red strawberries.  She tugged the
panties up her bare legs, and over her lush behind.  Despite herself,
the excitement of the moment and the anticipation of seeing James had made
her wet between the legs, and her slick, swollen pussy squished and slithered
inside the slippery rubber.  The short but full petticoat flounced
out from her hips, lifting the short black skirt and allowing her rubber
panties to show.  With a rustle of rubber Mary sat on the bed and
slipped the shoes onto her feet.  She fastened the buckles, and with
a sigh of resignation, clicked the locks closed.  The arch created
by the high heels was incredible.  She was able to stand, but merely
walking across the room was a gymnastic feat.  Her legs trembled from
the strain, and her feet began to ache in mere minutes.  With the
locks, her poor feet would stay arched and aching until someone took pity
on her, and unlocked them.

Only
the handcuffs remained, and to her consternation the note had instructed
her to lock her hands behind her back, and click the ratchets of the cuffs
exactly 9 times.  She put a cuff around her left wrist, and began
to slowly and carefully tighten it down.  Click, click.........  
When she reached 6 the cuff was tight, 7 began to gouge her flesh, 8 was
painful.....click.  At 9 clicks the cuff felt like a band of fire. 
She reached behind her back, captured her other wrist, and it too suffered
the same fate.  Mary took a deep breath, and walked unsteadily across
the room.  She turned her back to the door, and grasped the knob with
her cuffed hands.  The act of grabbing made then tendons in her wrists
stand out, making the cuffs hurt even more.  With a soft whimper the
girl was able to open the door.  She walked down the hall, then was
barely able to negotiate a flight of stairs.  Her heels caught in
the carpet, and she had to cling to the banister with her tightly cuffed
hands to keep from losing her balance.  At the bottom of the stairs
she was confronted by a slick tile floor.  Slowly, carefully, concentrating
on every movement, she was able to cross the room, and happily take a seat
at the circular glass table.  Her exertions made her sweat, and her
breasts heaved as she panted for air.

As
she began to catch her breath, she noted that her nipples were as hard
as rocks, and that her rubber skirt and petticoat had ridden up her thighs,
and that her rubber panties were visible to anyone through the glass tabletop. 
She was only beginning to admire the view out the window when she heard
footsteps.  She turned her head, and her eyes were greeted by one
of the most beautiful women she had ever seen.  She had jet black,
straight hair, cut shoulder length with bangs.  Her eyes were also
dark, and her eyebrows were dark and full.  Her lips were thick, sensual,
and dark red.  Her skin was the color of cafe-o-lait, reflecting a
Latin, or perhaps Creole lineage.  She was naked save for black high
heels similar to the ones Mary was wearing, and a frilly white apron tied
around her waist with a large, soft bow.  The apron covered the woman’s
mound, but it was so sheer that Mary could see the dark black spot at the
junction of the girl’s thighs.  Her breasts were lush, with large,
dark nipples.  Each nipple was pierced by a one inch ring, perhaps
an eighth of an inch thick.  The rings were gold, and glistened in
the sunlight. “Good morning, Mistress,” the girl said.  “I am Felice,
and here is today’s menu.”

It
was unlike any menu Mary had ever seen, and had nothing at all to do with
food!

**TODAY’S
BONDAGE MENU**

*PRIX
FIXE: 1000 POINTS*

**STARTERS**

                   
DILDOES

                               
SMALL               
1 POINT

                               
MEDIUM            
2  POINTS

                               
LARGE               
3  POINTS

                               
X-LARGE           
4  POINTS

(vibrating: 
deduct one point!)

                  
BUTT PLUGS

                               
SMALL               
no small available!

                               
MEDIUM             
2 POINTS

                               
LARGE                
3 POINTS

                               
X-LARGE            
4 POINTS

                  
CLAMPS

                  
NIPPLES & LABIA

                                
MODERATE        1 POINT

                                
SEVERE 2 POINTS

                   
CLITORIS

                                 
MODERATE        2 POINTS

                                 
SEVERE               
4 POINTS

                    
CORSET

                                 
UP TO 3” REDUCTION               
FREE

                                 
REDUCTION 4”+               
1 POINT PER INCH

                   
WEIGHTS (IF APPLICABLE)

                               
NIPPLES                               
½ POINT PER OUNCE

                               
LABIA                                  
½ POINT PER OUNCE

                               
CLITORIS                             
1 POINT PER  OUNCE

**ENTREE**

_**STEEL, CAGE & CHAINS*** —_

_This
delightful option provides an iron head brank, complete with blindfold
and gag and a 4” collar. The arms are cuffed, then drawn into a hammerlock
and locked to a ring at the back of the collar.  The occupant kneels
on a triangular ridge at the bottom of the cage, her ankles affixed to
immovable cuffs, and her big toes cuffed, under tension.  The cage
has  been custom designed, so that the occupant must be compressed
into a tight ball for the door to be closed and locked (which it will be!)
and the bars of the cage dig into the flesh of the occupant legs, hips,
buttocks, arms and back.  The brank is locked to the top of the cage,
forcing the occupant’s head back severely.  At this point 10 linkages
are made via metal cuffs at the neck, upper arms, waist, and thighs. 
There are screw adjustment connections to the sides of the cage, and each
connection is tightened, in turn, until the subject is under tightly stressed
immobility. The cage is then hoisted 4 feet off the ground._*Value: 50 points**

_**LEATHER, LEATHER & MORE LEATHER***_

_The
head is encased in a stiff, crushingly tight discipline helmet.  There
is no need for eyeholes, but there are two 1/8 inch nostril ports with
connecting tubes.  The gag is 2 ½ inches in diameter and 5
inches long, crafted of leather, and custom designed to be both airtight,
and as large as can be handles without occluding the airway.  The
arms will be strapped together at the wrists, elbows and upper arm, and
the legs will be strapped at the arch, ankle, upper calf, knee, and thigh. 
The bondee will then be zipped into a heavy leather body bag, which includes
an integral head piece.  The bag laces from the crown of the head
to the toes of the feet, and experienced helpers will insure that the bag
is tightened and re-tightened until the leather creaks under the strain. 
An adjustable posture collar is then tightened over the helmet and bag,
then expanded until it seats itself firmly on the shoulders and against
the subjects jawbone.  Another set of ten straps are placed around
the torso and legs, and tightened securely.  Finally, a cable is connected
to a ring at the foot of the bag, and the subject is hauled four feet off
the floor, upside down._*Value: 40 points**

_**RUBBER: COMPRESSION, OCCLUSION, OLFACTORY OVERLOAD***_

_The
subject’s head is  encased in a one piece, inflatable two layered
rubber hood.  There is a built in bladder gag, which is inflated to
a design specification of 4 inches in diameter.  Of course the mouth
cannot expand that large, so there is considerable pressure.  The
hood itself is also inflated to sufficient pressure to force rubber stoppers
into the ear openings and rubber tubes into the nostrils.  The subject’s
hands and arms are encased in tight, fingerless mittens, then the arms
are strapped to the torso with rubber straps, and the entire torso is wrapped
with 4 layers of sticky, stretch rubber tape until the arms are immobile. 
The legs are folded back on themselves and four layers of tape compress
each calf tightly against each thigh.  The legs are then folded up
against the torso, and 10 more layers of the rubber tape bind the body
into a compressed ball.  The body is then zipped into the middle sphere
of a rubber “sphere within a sphere”, which is inflated until the outer
sphere is a resilient rubber ball, and the inner sphere is totally isolated
from contact with the ground.  Breathing tubes connect the nostrils
to the outside world, through airtight fittings in both balls.  Wrapped
tightly in rubber, inside an airtight rubber ball, without sight, or hearing,
and unable to touch, feel or grab, the subject is totally occluded except
for smell.  The breathing tube is connected to a 10 section, rotating
scent casket.  Every 15 minutes the device rotates, and the subject
is forced to breath through a different unpleasant odor.  The possible
odors could include urine, excrement, sweaty armpit, rotten eggs, stale
cigar butts, old fish, rotting flesh, old kotex pads, garbage dump, etc._*Value: 20 points**

_**HISTORY’S WORST HOG-TIE***_

_The
subject is gagged with a harness ball gag.  The ball is 3 inches,
and must be forced between the subject’s teeth, before being buckled as
tight as possible behind the head.  Straps on each side of the ball
converge above the nose, and merge with a strap that goes around the forehead
like a headband.  This strap is well tightened.  There is a built
in leather blindfold with soft pads which cover the eyes which is buckled
behind the head.  Another strap continues across the top of the head,
where it meets the headband strap, and continues down to the nape of the
neck, where it meets the strap holding the gag in place.  Each strap
is tightened sequentially three times, until the interlocking web of straps
is as tight as humanly possible.  The subject is then bound with rough,
strong, scratchy sisal cord.  The elbows are circled with 5 loops,
then cinched together until they touch.  The hands are forced up the
subject’s back, and bound with 5 loops behind the subject’s head in the
brutal “back prayer” position.  A supporting network of sisal cord
is bound tightly around the subject’s chest and shoulders to anchor the
hands, and then additional cords circle the torso above and below the breasts,
until the arms are immobile.  The fingers are bound together with
twine until they are unable to even flutter helplessly.  The subject
is then bound below the waist, with cord at thigh, above and below the
knee, at the ankle, around the instep, and finally, linking the big toes. 
The legs are doubled back   and cord in three places crushes
them together until the heels are compressed against the buttocks. A rope
linking the ankles passes across the big toes, and is tied to the elbows. 
The subject is arched, and the feet are extended and compressed in the
crack between the buttocks.  This severe back arch is enhanced when
cords linking the elbows are tied to the knees.  The subject is arched
until her breasts lose contact with the floor, and the rope is tied off. 
Finally, a rope is tied to a ring at the top of the harness gag, and the
head is dragged backwards until the subject is looking at the ceiling. 
This is tied off to the big toes.  A 3” ships hawser rope is linked
to a post three feet off the ground.  The subject is turned onto her
back, and the hawser is threaded between the elbows and feet, then into
a winch on a second post.  The hawser is winched until the subject
is drawn completely off the ground, with the stress at the point of maximum
arch in the small of the back, the head draped to one side of the hawser,
and the legs to the other.  A supporting web of ropes is tied to knees,
arms and shoulders to hold the subject immobilized in this position._*Value:  55 points**

_**ADDITIONAL RULES & SCORING***_*DIFFICULTY MODIFIER**

The
above positions have been judged by the USBDA (United States Bondage &
Discipline Association with an official rating of “STRINGENT”.  This
is based on personal observation and experience!  Should the subject
wish to upgrade the difficulty to “EXTREMELY SEVERE”, the points will be
multiplied by 1.2 to get the value.  Conversely, if the subject wish
to downgrade the difficulty to “MODERATE”, the point value will be multiplied
by .8 to get the value.

**SCORING**

The
points attained by use of “Starters” is added to the point value of the
chosen position  (“Main Event”), and multiplied times the Difficulty
Modifier to provide the point value per hour.  This point value, multiplied
by the number of hours in bondage, provides the total points earned.

**MERCY**

The
bondage chamber is equipped with a special decibel meter which has been
calibrated to the  combination of gag, hood and/or other enclosure
of each position.  During the first two hours of bondage, the system
will develop the sound level of the subject’s normal moan, groan, whimper
or scream, as well as the capability of the subject to exceed the normal
dB emission.  After two hours, if the subject wishes “Mercy”, which
means the immediate release from all bondage, she need only make a noise
which exceeds the normal sound by 10dB.  This 10dB exceedence of the 
norm, has is a 3-Sigma, or 99% reliability that it is a true request for
mercy, and not a random loud noise.  The event triggers an alarm,
which initiates the release from bondage.
\*
\* \* \* \*
If the
MERCY signal is used, the subject will, of course, be required to redo
the session, with the targeted value being raised by 10%.  I.E. the
1000 point target will become 1100 points.  Also, the DIFFICULTY MODIFIER
of “very severe” will automatically be used in the redone session, but
while this will affect the position, it will have no effect on the points.
If the subject was already   enduring the “very severe” modifier
when MERCY is requested, the second session will make use of the rarely
used “Barely Endurable” modifier, which would normally be 1.5 times the
normal points. This is a sequence of events that is better not to even
dwell on!  It goes without saying that any time spend in the aborted
session will not be credited against the redone session.  It is worth
mentioning that the MERCY option can only be used once.  The redone
session must be borne with no hope for MERCY. 
DO
NOT ASK FOR MERCY LIGHTLY!!

              IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, KINDLY INQUIRE OF FELICE

Mary
read, and re-read the fear provoking document with a furrowed brow. 
Even an experienced bondager, as fond of helpless confinement as she was,
would be taken aback by what she had read! All Mary really wanted to do
now was have breakfast, spend the day with James, then disappear to the
bedroom where Mary could consummate their marriage in a night of lust,
sweat passion and tight bondage. Mary looked up at Felice.  “What
about James? she asked.  “When do I get to see him?”  “Master
James is busy, but he is anxiously looking forward to your company.” Felice
smiled.  “He has instructed though, that you complete this menu before
joining him.”

Mary
frowned.  “So I am supposed to name my own poison, is that it?” she
asked with a sigh.  “Yes, Madam,” Felice replied.  “A good way
of saying it.”  Mary reviewed the strange document, and did a little
mental arithmetic.  “If I select one of these “Main Courses”, with
no “Starters” and no “Difficulty Modifier”, then I am looking at between
13 and 50 hours of extreme bondage?”  She looked at Felice. 
“Is that right?”  “Yes, Madam,” replied the servant, “but if you select
a more challenging predicament, so could be finished this evening.” 
“You mean,” interrupted Mary, “that I have to begin this ordeal today?” 
“Oh yes, Madam,” Felice replied, “I’m to give you a small meal, then clean
your bodily cavities, then deliver you to the play room.”  “Clean
my......you mean an enema?” sputtered Mary.  “Yes Madam, and a douche,
if you please.”  Mary sighed, and again regarded the unpalatable listing
in front of her.  “Well,” she muttered to Felice, “bring me something
to eat while I work out my options.”



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride05.html)

o0o
