---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Vickdini
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- M-f
- F-m
- sex
- bond
- straitjacket
- teen
- cons
- X
date: 2019-12-16 00:00:00
---

It was one of those lazy summer days at school, I was in the 6th form so had plenty of free time. Spending most of this time in the common room was quite normal as I had not yet passed my driving test. Today I was working hard on an essay for my English teacher, who by this point was also a little more than a teacher (fans will know from other stories!). After what seemed like an hour, Vicki, my English teacher walked in and stood by the side of the desk I was working at. I knew it was Vicki without looking up as from my vantage point, I could see the tip of her cute suede boots, and I could smell her perfume, one that I had bought for her.

She patiently waited until I finished the sentence I was writing and then looked up at her. She was wearing her trademark denim dress, she knows when she wears this particular dress I am powerless to say no to her! She wanted me to help her after school with a fun little drama project. I had nothing planned anyway, doubly so if she was also going to be working late. So I agreed and she turned and walked out the common room, making sure to wiggle her bum as much as possible as she went.

I rocked up at the drama room promptly after the final bell went. Vicki was sat at her desk, well she was sat in her chair with her legs crossed up on the desk. I walked in and closed the door behind me. Vicki looked up, smiled and then got up and locked the door. “You know I love you right?” This normally meant she wanted me to do something stupid or dangerous!

“Yes, as I do you.” I countered.

“We have a play coming up and the lead actress will have to be put into a straitjacket, so I ordered one from a company called Maxcita.” She lifted over a box, and then proceeded to lay out this jacket in front of me. It had dozens of straps over it. “So, I need to test it.”

I cut her off “and you need me to be the test subject?”

“No, actually it would really hurt you as it’s made for a perfect size 10.” She stopped.

“But you’re a size 12 Vicki?”

“I know, so it’s going to be a little... snug, but I guessed if I tried naked.” She stopped again.

“Ok, lets do this.”

“I think you should make me,” and then giggled.

I pulled her in and kissed her, working on the buttons down the front of her dress. After the first few I spun her around, grabbed the collar and pulled it over her shoulders, gravity did the rest. To my amazement she was not wearing bra or knickers. “Your boots can stay... slut.” I said in my mock harshest voice!

I held the jacket up in front of her, “in you go.” I pulled it up over her shoulder and started doing up the various buckles and straps. I crossed her arms in front of her making sure to slide them through the various loops on the front and sides before doing up the strap at the back. The straps are quite clever; they go through the buckle which allows for tightening them up, once they are tight the end passes through again and this locks the strap in place. She thought I was done, then I grabbed her from the side forcing her arms tighter, while pulling the strap with my other hand. Once this was as tight as it would go, I moved my attention to the bicep strap. Once this was tight, she was clearly pinned in place. She confirmed this by trying to move her arms. This jacket had two crotch straps that went either side of her bits, presumably to be more comfortable, so I could clearly see she was enjoying this feeling.

“How long is the play?” I asked.

“2 hours, plus a 30 minute interval” she said.

“Ok, so as it’s taken a good ten minutes to do up all the straps, and it will take another 10 minutes to let you out, I presume the actress will have to wear it through the interval?”

“I’d not thought of that, yes I suppose that would make more sense.”

“Ok, so to be fair, you should test it for at least twice that long, I mean, that’s what we are doing, and it’s not like you can do much about it, unless you think you can escape?” She tugged and pulled and after a few minutes realised there was nothing she could do.

I looked at the crotch straps. She was now visibly wet, so I went behind her, undid the crotch straps and then crossed them over; doing them up, but leaving them, a little looser than they were. The “X” of the crossed straps was now hanging just about a centimetre below her clit.

“What are you doing?”

I stood back to admire my handiwork. She just stood there. I walked over to the cupboard where all the lighting rigging was kept and pulled out one of the longer safety chains. I clipped it from a D ring on the jacket collar to the lighting rig just behind her. Now she was stuck in the jacket, and chained to the lighting rig, which was securely bolted to the wall.

I walked a few paces in front of her and started taking off my clothes. Pretty soon I was naked and started playing with myself. She looked at me. “Not fair,” she said, clearly enjoying the show!

“I’ll make you a bet, if you can escape before I cum, we will swap roles. You can do anything you like to me, and you can even decide when I get let out, even if it’s over the whole weekend. However, if you don’t escape, then you will have the next 4 hours with my cum all over your face. Now if you happen to cum before me, then you won’t get released until the morning.” I taunted her.

She really went nuts, twisting every way possible to try and make some slack, however each time she twisted the straps banged into her clit. The more she tried, the more desperate she became, and started moving faster and more vigorously. Panting more and more, until she began cumming uncontrollably. “Oh my god!” she screamed, her legs buckled luckily the chain was long enough for her to get onto her knees. I moved close and unloaded my hot sticky mess right across her face, before ramming my hard member into her mouth as she came again. She gagged a little but then did a good job of cleaning it.

“You lost,” I said, “not only did you not escape, but you came first too, so you're now stuck in that, for as long as I say you are.” I pushed her forward till her forehead was on the ground; this pulled the chain tight. I undid the crotch straps and put them back either side of her bits. I did them up tight this time. Before she could say anything, I slid into her, doggy style. I got faster and faster. I grabbed the straps on the back with both hands and rammed her as hard as I could. We both came hard and fast before collapsing in a heap of tangled bodies and straps on the floor.

She managed 4 hours before she complained that she could no longer feel her arms, so reluctantly I undid the jacket. As soon as the last strap was undone it fell to the floor, her body covered in hot sweat. She picked up the jacket, which I thought was to put it away, but before I could say anything she grabbed my arm and shoved it into the damp sleeve. Before I knew it she was fastening the straps. The jacket was all hot and damp, I could smell her sweat and perfume which instantly turned me on. She pulled the arm strap as hard as she could and then went back over tightening each strap in turn. She then roughly pushed me over and straddled me, guiding my hard cock into her. She hit her stride riding me like a horse at full gallop. We both came quickly.

She dismounted and slowly started putting her dress back on. “Erm... Are you going to let me out?”

“No.” She grabbed the box. “You should have checked the box, my love.” As she said this, she pulled out two more things; two, what looked like bags, one big and one small, both made of canvas. “These are two extra things I ordered. One is a matching hood with a gag and the other, well, that’s a big canvas sack, just big enough to fit... say... a horny little male slut in a straitjacket.” She quickly put the hood over my face, ramming home a large gag. She buckled it up tightly. I could only make mmmmppphh noises now, and was completely in the dark. I felt her pulling something up my legs. “Kneel,” she commanded. I did as I was told, the sack was very tight. She pushed my head down, and then I heard a chain rattle and then the click of a lock.

I felt myself being lifted onto something. Then I heard the door open and I fell to one side. I must be on a trolley. The air got cold, so we must be... I was lifted again and then pushed. The next thing I heard was a car boot shut. I waited, sure enough the engine started, and I was bounced around for the next 20 minutes. Before long I was lifted onto the trolley then I felt myself pushed across a path, then lifted again.

After what seemed like hours but was probably only ten minutes, I heard the chain again, then the straps of the hood being removed. I saw Vicki stood there. Resplendent in her full leather catsuit, thigh boots, she was holding her whip. I knew this was going to be a good weekend.
