---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Spandex Touch
authors:
- Rubberbando
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/m
- M/fm+
- majick
- wizard
- transform
- material
- spandex
- orgasm
- cons
- X
date: 2014-05-12 00:00:00
---

In a time and place outside our own, there lived a mighty King and a
beautiful Queen who resided over a great Kingdom. The King was just, and his
lovely wife, the Queen spent most of her time looking for new ways to improve
her already amazing beauty. The Queen had long raven hair with the brightest of
shine and the fairest skin to seemed to glow, even in the darkest of night.

One day, the royal wizard presented to her his newest creation. It was a
shimmery fabric that had an amazing stretch to it. The wizard named it Lycra,
after her royal highness to honor her. The Queen was astonished by this
smooth, silky, stretchy fabric. Never before had she laid her eyes or hands
upon such a wonderful substance. She soon found herself so infatuated with
it, she had the royal tailor remake all of her garments out of it.

Months went by and her obsession with the fabric grew. She had the royal
wizard worKing day and night, maKing more and more of the fabric. He made it
in every known color as well as many patterns / prints and yet the Queen still
wanted more. In the end, the wizard had worked himself to his own death.
Suddenly, the Queen realized that she would have to find a new source of this
wonderful fabric.

During the following months, Queen Lycra sent out messengers around the world
in search of more of this fabric but to no avail. She even had counsel with
some of the greatest sages in all the land and yet none of them had any clue
as to how to reproduce the fabric.

Late one evening, Queen Lycra had grown so desperate for answers, she broke
into the wizard's abandoned lab and began to search for the formula. She tore
into several books on magic and alchemy and still didn't have any luck finding
the formula. She had about given up and noticed a small jar on one of the
shelves labeled 'Lycra'.

Carefully, she brushed off the jar and opened it. A rubber-like odor came
forth and made her nose tingle. Inside was a black goo that looked like tar.
She placed a cotton handkerchief, she had in her pocket, onto a nearby table
and proceeded to pour a few drops of the substance onto it. Queen Lycra
watched in amazement as the ooze was quickly absorbed into the cloth. Moments
later, the cloth began to smooth out and become very shiny. Overjoyed, the
Queen picked up the handkerchief and began to stretch it and rub it against her
face. She had found the old wizard's formula and now she could make all the
Lycra fabric she wanted!

Suddenly, she heard somebody coming. 'Oh no!' she thought,
'Someone of her stature, shouldn't be caught breaking into the old
wizard's chambers, especially since the King ordered them forbidden
territory.' Quickly, she turned around to grab the jar, but in her haste,
she accidentally knocked over the jar and spilled the formula all over her
hands. "Is someone down there?" a guard's voice called out. Scared,
the Queen, left the jar behind and quickly slipped into the secret exit and
made her way to her own private chambers.

When she arrived to her chambers, she suddenly remembered that she had
spilled the formula on her hands. Looking down at them, she noticed that the
formula was gone. "It must have absorbed into my skin," she
whispered to herself. She did notice that her hands did feel much smoother and
had a slight sheen to them, but shrugged it off when she pulled on her hands'
skin and it did not stretch. The Queen yawned and decided that she should get
some sleep as the sun would be rising soon. She proceeded to grab the woollen
curtains to pull them shut and felt her hands tingle.

Startled, the Queen let go of the curtains and watched in awe as the rough
woollen fabric began to smooth out and become shiny. She reached out curiously
and touched the curtains and to her amazement, it had become stretchy and
silky like the 'Lycra' fabric. It only took her a moment, for further
curiosity to set in as she proceeded to grab a nearby pillow from a chair. As
with the curtains, the fabric on the pillow instantly changed into 'Lycra'.
Giddy, over her new powers, the Queen rummaged through her wardrobe, turning
everything into 'Lycra'.

Hours went by as Queen Lycra continued changing everything into 'Lycra'
fabric, whether it was clothing, bedding, or even a tapestry. Before she knew
it, the sun had risen and her stomach was growling. She stopped and sat down
on a 'Lycra' covered chair and grabbed an apple from a bowl of fruit sitting
on a nearby table. To her horror, the apple's skin seemed to smooth out and
become silky and the apple itself felt soft and rubbery. Shocked, she dropped
the apple and watched it bounce across the floor.

She started to cry. "What am I to do?" she thought to herself as
she realized that her new gift of power had become a curse. Then without
warning, the answer came to her. Quickly, she rummaged through some clothing
she had transformed and found a pair of arm length gloves and put them on.
Nervously, she reached for another apple from the basket of fruit. This time,
the apple did not change. Relieved, she ate the wonderfully juicy apple and
proceeded to ready herself for the day.

Many years went by after that fateful night. Strangely, nobody questioned
that fact that the Queen always wore gloves. Perhaps people were too
infatuated with the amazing fabric her clothing was made of. The way it
shimmered in the light, the way it clung so nicely to her shapely body, did
keep all the people in the land in awe of its beauty. However, things were
about to change drastically for them all.

It was the royal couple's 25th anniversary, Queen Lycra was wearing one of
her trademark black gowns with matching elbow length gloves. The King did his
annual ritual of asking the Queen for the first dance. He bowed and clutched
her hand and kissed it softly, all the while grinning widely. Suddenly, his
grin turned to a look of shock as he stood there frozen. The Queen felt that
all too familiar tingle in her hand as he kissed it.

The Queen peeled off her gloves and examined them, noticing a small hole
had worn into one of them. Worried, she looked up to see her husband
transforming before her eyes. A smooth sheen began to spread over the King's
face and over his body. His skin began to shimmer and become golden in
appearance. "Witch! What have you done to King Zentai?" a guard
shouted out and quickly grabbed the Queen by the wrists. The guard's anger
quickly changed to fear as he felt his skin tightening and smoothing out.

It started in his hands as the skin changed into a silver metallic 'Lycra'
fabric. The Lycra spread across his body, smoothing out most of his features,
including his face. His face was blank with only a small bump where is nose
was. He appeared to be looking over his body in shock and took off his clothes
to reveal that his crotch had become smooth and genderless as well. This was
too much for him and he fainted.

Looking back at her husband, Queen Lycra noticed that King Zentai had
finished transforming. However, his transformation was quite different than
that of the guard's. The King had become a golden metallic Lycra and instead of
his features being smoothed out, his were still quite intact. The lords and
ladies of the party could do nothing but stare in awe at their new golden
King.

The King smiled and reached out to his wife and brushed her face with a
silky, golden hand. Queen Lycra felt her face tingle and suddenly noticed that
she was being transformed as her skin took on that familiar sheen. Her skin
began to shine and glow as it became that same golden metallic material. The
tingling feeling across her body brought Queen Lycra to orgasm.

She kneeled before her husband and he reached down to help her up.
"Rise my love." he said, "Thank you for such a great gift. I
wish to share this with all the people of the land. Come forth each of you to
receive your gift."

One by one, each of the people came forth to their King's calling to be
transformed. For each person, the transformation came differently. Those of
royal blood usually became golden metallic in appearance, and others became a
color or pattern based on their interests or personality as well as gain
special abilities based on their transformation. Also, servants or lower class
usually became featureless and genderless. For example, the royal gardener
became bright green with the ability to control plants and being a servant, he
became featureless and genderless.

Within weeks, the entire Kingdom had been transformed into this immortal
race of Zentai people, each with his or her own special abilities. Anyone who
entered the Zentai domain would be transformed and eventually, the entire
planet was transformed.
