---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/leon_city_stories34.html
title: Leon City Stories
authors:
- TheLargeEmpty
tags:
- F-f+
- latex
- majick
- mask
- bond
- rope
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2026-04-18 00:00:00
---

### 34: My Realm

Caitlyn sat on the sofa in Celine's main house and rubbed her forehead. After the exciting and fun event, she had complained of a headache, which Celine couldn't ignore, of course. So she invited Caitlyn to have a cup of tea while she checked her invention. However, she wasn't alone. The demon Ifry was sitting in an armchair opposite Caitlyn, and the angel Phaelyn was lying with her head on Caitlyn's lap, enjoying the head scratches the young policewoman was giving her. At the same time, she rubbed her own temples and groaned occasionally.

‘Are you really all right, Cait?’ Ifry asked, but Caitlyn waved her off.

‘I'm okay. I think it's just the job,’ Caitlyn muttered, looking up as Rilliana entered the living room. The elf was carrying a tray with five cups of tea on it.

‘Here you go,’ she said quietly, handing Ifry a hot cup, which the demon simply took in her hand, while Caitlyn and Phae let theirs cool down a little. ‘Was that too much for you? Too many colours and lights? Don’t you play video games that often?’

Caitlyn looked at her with a frown.

‘I'd say I've never experienced anything like this before, but no, I do play sporadically… a little,’ Caitlyn explained.

‘Poor Cait,’ Phae murmured, rubbing her head against Caitlyn's legs.

‘Hey, it'll be alright,’ Caitlyn said reassuringly, looking up as the front door opened and the catgirl Trisha came in. She waved briefly into the living room as she called Celine out of her study. Trisha rolled her eyes and went back, where she briefly discussed something with Celine and then left the house again with Chloe in tow. A few minutes later, Celine came into the living room with a clipboard in her arm, and without explanation, she walked over to Caitlyn and felt her forehead.

‘Um… do I have a fever?’ Caitlyn asked, and Celine wrote something down on her clipboard.

‘Yes and no…’ Celine muttered, sitting down next to Ifry on another armchair and picking up her cup of tea. ‘If you went to a doctor, he would say yes. However, I have to apologise to you, and so does Ifry.’

‘Huh? Why me?’ Ifry asked, dismayed, and almost choked on her tea.

‘Because,’ Celine began, though she didn't sound accusatory, "your magic caused the game to overheat. Apparently, I didn't protect it properly and should have explained beforehand that you shouldn't use it.

As a result, Caitlyn, who isn't very good with magic yet, got some of it, while Rilliana and I were protected from it. Or, for example, Luke didn't notice it because he can't do magic.‘

’I… didn't even try to use my magic,‘ Ifry defended herself.

’Really? Then how did you find the Master Ball so quickly?"

‘Trisha dropped it when you caught her,’ Rilliana interjected.

‘Oh… I'm sorry, I didn't know that,’ said Celine, and Ifry rolled her eyes.

‘As if I needed to cheat,’ she muttered, and her eyebrows twitched when she sensed that something was bothering Phaelyn.

She looked at her friend, whose eyes were moist and lips trembling.

‘What's wrong, Phae?’ Ifry asked worriedly, and all eyes turned to the angel. Phae suddenly widened her eyes and tried to sink deeper into the couch. However, after realising that the narrow gap wasn't big enough for little angels, she cleared her throat and looked cautiously up at Caitlyn.

‘I… I tried to do magic… I wanted to explore the world with my wings and…’ she began to explain, but Celine interrupted her with a raised hand.

"Don't worry, Phaelyn, it wasn't your magic. It was demonic magic, that much is certain. Even if you have some of Ifry in your body, it's not enough to overheat the system,‘ Celine explained with a smile, and Phae breathed a sigh of relief.

’But if Phae's magic isn't enough, it wasn't me, but it was still demonic magic… maybe Vanessa?"

Celine shook her head.

‘Her magic isn't enough for that either,’ Celine said, rubbing her forehead.

‘And do you know how long I'll have a headache? I can't really work like this,’ Caitlyn said, and Celine shook her head as if she had just woken up from a dream.

‘Oh, I'm sorry,’ she said, leaning over the table and raising her hand above Caitlyn's cup. It immediately stopped steaming, and instead, a thin layer of ice formed on it.

"You just need to cool down. Drink lots of cold drinks and you should feel better soon. I was so focused on finding the cause that I forgot about your headache. I'm sorry.‘

’It's okay," Caitlyn murmured, taking the frozen cup in her hand. She sipped her iced tea and groaned with relief. She drank the rest of the cup in one gulp and immediately felt a slight easing of the pain.

‘Better,’ she murmured and closed her eyes, relaxed.

‘But where did that come from? Maybe from… the forest?’ asked Ifry, and Celine looked at her with a frown.

‘From the forest? I thought you were taking care of that,’ said Celine, turning to Ifry and Rilliana.

‘It's been a while for me,’ said Rilliana, scratching the back of her head guiltily. ‘Being a C&T lawyer and ranger is a bit time-consuming.’

‘You don't need to sleep,’ Celine teased.

‘And yet I still need to rest and meditate occasionally to recover!’

‘I, um… may have found evidence of corruption in the forest. That could be the cause. Unfortunately, I haven't found any concrete leads yet,’ Ifry muttered, pointing at Caitlyn.

‘Wait. What are we talking about here? Why are you pointing at me?’ Caitlyn asked.

‘The pitcher plant a few weeks ago that you…’ Ifry began, but Caitlyn raised her hand when she remembered.

‘It's okay, you don't have to explain,’ Caitlyn muttered, blushing. She was still embarrassed about the week she had been trapped in a plant and didn't want to talk about it.

‘Pitcher plant?’ Rilliana and Celine asked in unison, and Caitlyn hid her eyes in shame.

‘I found a magical plant that…’

‘Ifry!’

‘… trapped Caitlyn,’ Ifry continued, trying to preserve Caitlyn's pride at least a little, ‘but I didn't think anything of it because it was a one-off. Maybe I was wrong…’

Celine scratched above her ear and closed her eyes as she groaned.

‘Could you and Rilliana take another look at it?’ she asked, and the elf and demon nodded immediately.

‘But unfortunately not today. I don't like to fight the forces of evil when it gets dark,’ said Rilliana.

‘Coward,’ said Ifry and laughed.

‘Yeah, yeah. Go ahead and make fun of me.’

‘Say… can I come with you? When I'm feeling better?’ asked Caitlyn, and everyone looked at the young policewoman.

‘I don't think that's a good…’ Ifry began, but was interrupted by Celine.

"Oh! Excellent idea, Caitlyn, and please take Summer with you! She just gave me an application for an internship and I saw that she's studying biology. She could be useful to you.‘

Now everyone looked at Celine.

’Are you serious?" asked Ifry, her eyebrows raised so high that they disappeared under her hair. She couldn't imagine how the nerdy girl could be particularly useful.

‘Well, at least more helpful than Caitlyn,’ replied Celine.

Caitlyn was speechless and her mouth opened in offence.

‘Ifryyyyy!? Why are we flying to Ava and Sumsum now?’ Phaelyn shouted against the wind blowing in her face.

"Because I need to see for myself that Summer can really help us. It's no use if she's a hindrance while we're investigating the forest,‘ Ifry called back.

’Is the forest that dangerous?‘

’Not normally…‘ said Ifry, landing on the roof of Ava's villa, ’but Rilliana and I don't know everything about the forest. Better safe than sorry."

Phae frowned.

‘But Summer's application was great!’ she said, looking at Ifry defiantly.

‘I… I… haaaa, I trust Celine's decision, but I have to be sure that Summer can keep her cool… She hasn't been doing very well lately. That's why we're having this event, that's why…’

Ifry fell silent. She didn't want to burden Phae.

‘Awwww,’ Phaelyn murmured worriedly, looking down into the villa through the large skylights. It was pitch dark. As usual, Ava's parents didn't seem to be home.

‘And um… what are you planning to do?’ Phae asked anxiously.

‘Like I said. To convince myself that she can follow my orders if things get dicey. That she can keep a cool head,’ said Ifry, opening the skylight with her magic and floating into the villa, closely followed by Phae.

I was lying in a meadow. Above me was the bright blue sky and behind me a large tree provided shade.

I enjoyed the silence. The moment. But I sensed that I would soon have to move on. I didn't know exactly where to, only that I still had a lot to do.

‘Oh man, I want to lie here a little longer,’ I muttered, sinking a little deeper into the grass.

"Then lie there a little longer. It makes it easier for me to catch you," said a voice from the direction of the tree, and I craned my neck back to see who was disturbing me. I frowned when I saw an unfamiliar woman with long black hair. She was wearing a skin-tight black latex catsuit and had a belt strapped around her waist with several Poké Balls hanging from it.

‘Catch me? Sorry, lady, but you can't catch humans,’ I explained casually, stroking the Poké Balls on my own belt.

‘I'll make an exception for you,’ said the stranger, pulling one of her balls from her belt. I just rolled my eyes. Another person who wanted to challenge the champion and would fail miserably.

I stood up and looked up at the woman with amusement. She was pretty, and for some reason I liked her suit, even though it wasn't at all suitable for a trainer. I preferred my short skirt and skimpy crop top.

‘Why are you judging my outfit when you're wearing boots like that yourself?’ the woman asked, and I blinked in confusion. Could she read my mind? And what did she mean by my boots? They're perfectly normal, I thought, looking down. Once again, I was overcome by a wave of confusion when I saw the long over-the-knee boots with a zip on the side. The heels were impossibly high, but that didn't seem to bother me.

But hadn't I just been wearing trainers?

I was torn from my thoughts when the woman shouted, ‘Go, Hugwing!’

A woman emerged from the Poké Ball and I couldn't help but gasp. She was dressed in pink latex from head to toe, with only the lower half of her face exposed. Several pairs of wings sprouted from her back. If I didn't know better, I would have said the two were playing a prank on me, but if the pink woman wasn't a Pokémon, how could she have been caught in the Poké Ball?

‘Go, Hugwing! Get Summer!’

‘Eh? Now? I thought I had to defeat Sumsum Pokémon first!’ said the stranger's Pokémon.

‘Don't worry, I've locked them! Go on now!’

I was shocked that trainers and Pokémon could talk to each other, but I knew I had to defend myself quickly. I reached for the first of my Poké Balls, but there was a thick padlock on it.

‘Excuse me?’ I asked, confused, looking in horror from my Poké Balls to the unfamiliar Pokémon, which was now getting closer and closer, a lecherous grin on its lips. My legs wouldn't move as I tried to understand the situation. Thoughts raced through my head, searching for an explanation, but then I saw the face of the woman opposite me. She looked disappointed. Almost as if she wanted me to defend myself, until her Pokémon came into my field of vision and threw itself at me. It hugged me tightly and briefly took my breath away.

‘Now we're going to be best friends!’

‘Friends?’ I repeated, looking into the veiled face. Despite the mask, I could see a pretty face underneath. A friendly face that wanted only the best for me. It didn’t fit the situation at all, and it sent a chill down my spine. I had to escape, had to free myself and come up with a plan. I began to fight against the Pokémon's grip, wriggling out of its hold. In fact, my instincts had not failed me when I felt liquid latex dripping from the Pokémon onto my body and covering me.

"You will make an excellent Pokémon for me. Just a little more latex and you'll be mine forever!" said the woman as I struggled against the iron grip of her Pokémon. But it was impossible to free myself. Nevertheless, I kept a cool head. Panic was out of place here. I was convinced that I would be able to escape once I was in the Poké Ball. Meanwhile, the latex grew over my body. It crept under my clothes. It bonded with my skin until it was as pink as my hair. The latex grew up my neck and finally sealed my mouth. It formed into a mask that enclosed the lower half of my face. The last thing I saw before a Poké Ball engulfed my latex-covered body was the broad grin above me and the now calculating face of the trainer.

I opened my eyes and found myself not in the green meadow, but in a dark room. Dark red light shone from invisible lamps, but there was nothing else to see. No door, no furniture.

‘Why do I feel like this isn't what a Poké Ball should look like… I know what it looks like on the inside… Right?’ I asked, puzzled, scratching my chin. I could feel the latex through my gloves and grinned. Maybe being a Pokémon for this trainer wasn't so bad after all. At that moment, something lit up behind me and I turned around. Standing in front of me were the trainer and her Pokémon named Hugwing again. While her Pokémon was now wearing a leather harness and metal rings that accentuated its figure, the trainer had put on high leather boots. She also carried a riding crop, which she twirled playfully in her hand.

"Time for your training, Summer! Sit down!" said the trainer, and a wooden horse appeared next to me. The seat was covered with nubs, and it would undoubtedly vibrate as soon as I sat down on it. I ran my fingers over it and nodded approvingly. Someone knew how to train their Pokémon. But then I narrowed my eyes and sat up straight.

‘What? Didn't you hear me? I ordered you to sit down! Or is something wrong?’ my trainer commanded harshly, cracking the whip in her wrist. I looked up at her briefly, but then stared at my hand and ignored my trainer.

‘Not sure yet,’ I whispered, raising my hand, ‘apple.’

Immediately, an apple appeared in my hand, and I knew what was going on. I looked up and grinned. My trainer's eyes widened as her Pokémon looked confusedly from the apple to me and then to its mistress.

‘This is going to be very funny,’ I said and closed my eyes, if only for a moment.

My suit changed. The chest area down to my crotch turned bright green. Golden stripes appeared on my arms, while the rest of the suit turned black. I grew a little taller as the heels of my boots lengthened. The latex around my mouth formed into a gas mask and my breathing became louder, echoing off the walls.

‘Um… Summer?’ my trainer asked, her Pokémon watching my transformation with fascination. My eyes flashed emerald green as I spread my arms and said, ‘Welcome to my world!’

Green mist shot out of my wrists and spread throughout the room in an instant. The light was swallowed up by it, leaving me in a spooky appearance.

‘What… WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!’ asked the trainer in horror, and her Pokémon looked confused.

‘I'm just getting my dream back,’ I said, and through the breathing mask it sounded raspy and threatening.

‘Phaaaeeee?’ asked the trainer uncertainly, pulling her Pokémon towards her, which was still looking up at me enthusiastically.

‘Eh? I thought we didn't call each other by our names, Ifry?!’ said the Pokémon indignantly, and I began to grin even more broadly. The two looked very different from normal, but I could change that, just like everything else. I sometimes dreamt about my friends, but Ifry and Phae together was something new. I had to take advantage of that! The space around us disappeared into green mist and a stone platform raised me above the two of them. A ring of black stone enclosed them in an arena. I raised my arms!

‘Welcome to my arena! Fighters! Choose your weapons!’ I shouted in a thunderous voice, and now Phae also flinched in alarm.

‘Ifryyyy?’ she said fearfully, until the green mist on the floor cleared and the women saw ropes, tape and more advanced restraining equipment lying on it.

‘Are you ready?’ I shouted, snapping my fingers, and immediately the two teleported away from each other so that they were facing each other, with the ropes in between them. Both were now in their true forms and were dressed in nothing more than a white and black spandex suit.

‘No hitting, no biting! Just clinging and tying up! GO!’ I shouted enthusiastically. Instead, Ifry looked up at me in confusion. In her eyes, I could see uncertainty, concern and fear for her dear Phaelyn, but those thoughts were wasted when she was suddenly knocked over from the side. Phae had thrown herself on top of her and was now clinging to Ifry with her legs. While the latter cried out in confusion and tried to free herself from the leg lock, the blonde was already feeling for a rope next to her. Phae grabbed it and tied a quick loop before pulling one of Ifry's arms back and slipping the rope over it.

‘Hey! Phae, what are you doing?’ Ifry cried in horror as her bound hand was pulled further back and Phaelyn now caught her other arm.

‘Phae!’

‘This is a fight I'm happy to fight, Ifry. A battle of ropes! And unfortunately, you've now drawn the short straw!’

Phaelyn laughed happily and quickly tied Ifry's hands together. I nodded in appreciation. It seemed to me that my dream version of Ifry wasn't very good at dealing with unexpected situations. Even now, her resistance against Phae wasn't great, so she was simply thrown to the floor of the arena. Phae sat on Ifry's back, trapping her arms beneath her. A little too late, Ifry finally began to struggle. But any resistance was futile. Phae deftly grabbed Ifry's legs and fumbled for another rope.

‘Not bad, Phae. I didn't expect you to be so good with ropes!’ I called down, and Phae grinned even wider.

‘Hehehe, Ifry is very easy to catch!’

‘You little…!’ Ifry was about to say when Phae pressed a rope between her teeth. She pulled Ifry's head back with it and I stood up from my platform, clapping.

‘Congratulations, Phae, you won!’ I said and jumped down to her while Phae tied Ifry in a hogtie.

‘Yayyyy! What did I win?’

‘This, of course,’ I said, raising my arms. At that moment, a huge trophy appeared in them. It had ‘Restraint Wrestling Queen’ written on it in gold letters.

Phaelyn started to grin even wider, but it disappeared as quickly as it had come.

‘What's wrong?’ I asked worriedly, smiling gently at her.

‘Well… I won, but… I can't keep the trophy, can I?’

Ifry groaned and I looked down at her and then at Phae. I looked at the trophy in my hands and it vanished into thin air.

‘No… probably not,’ I said gently, looking more seriously at Phae, "you're not just images from my dreams, are you?

Can you sneak into other people's dreams? You and Ifry?‘

Phae's mouth fell open and Ifry's eyes widened from the floor.

’What are you doing here?" I asked, waving my hand to the side. The ropes holding Ifry loosened and unravelled before slithering into the corners of the arena like snakes.

‘Where did you… how?’ Ifry asked as she stood up and rubbed her wrists.

‘I know magic exists. I've suspected it for months. Celine confirmed it at the C&T event,’ I said, conjuring up a few large, cosy cushions, which Phae immediately pounced on, while Ifry sat down hesitantly.

‘If magic exists, then dreamwalking isn't such a nonsensical next step. Ah, and I can have lucid dreams. As you may have already noticed.’

‘What?’ asked Phae, and Ifry shook her head.

‘Of course you can,’ she murmured, turning to Phae, ‘She can control her dreams. Decide what happens in them. We didn't stand a chance.’

‘I must admit, for a brief moment you had me… but then you went a little overboard,’ I said businesslike, interlacing my fingers.

‘So, now that I've answered your questions, why don't you answer mine? What are you doing in my world?’

Ifry looked guiltily at Phae, who was now grinning again and pretending she hadn't heard me or felt Ifry's gaze.

‘Well… I wanted to see how you were doing…’

"Ifry… has anyone ever told you that you're a miserable liar? You could have just sent me a message or something. Now, once again, please, before I tell the ropes to hang you like a piñata," I explained calmly. Even though it had been fun to play with the two of them in my dreams, I couldn't overlook the invasion of my deepest privacy just because Ifry wanted to know how I was doing.

‘I… haaaaa, I wanted to…’ Ifry was just about to speak when she suddenly disappeared along with Phae.

‘Hey! You can't just run away when…’ I couldn't continue.

Summer squinted into the light of the bedside lamp as Ava stood over her. Tentacles emerged from her clothing and wrapped themselves around Ifry and Phae. Both hung upside down, one step above the floor. Ava hissed at them, while Phae just kept grinning and Ifry looked as if she wanted to sink into the ground in shame. Summer shook her head slightly, turned onto her side and closed her eyes again.

‘The busy friends you can have.’

With Phae's giggling, Ifry's grumbling and Ava's nagging in her ears, Summer wandered back down into the realm of dreams. Her realm.
