---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Out of the Frying Pan
authors:
- Jennifer
tags:
- Sbm
- F/m
- plastic mac
- cons
- X
date: 2005-11-04 00:00:00
---

Out of the Frying Pan by Jennifer

I enjoy bondage, and if I can’t find someone to
help out, it has to be self-bondage. Not always a good idea, especially
when ‘The best laid plans of mice and men gang aft a gley’ (with apologies
to Robert Burns). In other words, if something can go wrong, it will go
wrong. I remember one occasion when it did just that, but with a not altogether
unsatisfactory ending as it eventually turned out.

One Friday evening I suddenly felt that I needed
a good session, and decided that I would indulge myself with what I called
a ‘sweatbag’ session. Hot, sticky and very uncomfortable, so I would usually
wear the most enveloping plastic and rubber clothing I could devise. I
had a plentiful supply of rope in various lengths for almost any method
of restraint. My place of restraint was to be the lounge room floor, which
was comfortably carpeted. My path to freedom was a sharp knife on the floor
of the kitchen at the back of the house. Once I had trussed myself up,
I would have to wriggle my way out through the lounge door, down the hall,
into the kitchen, and cut myself free. Laborious, but simple enough.

As soon as I got home from work I put into practice
an idea I’d dreamed up that afternoon. I pulled out the various items of
clothing I would need and put them on the sofa in the lounge. Then I sorted
out the ropes and began. First I needed to put on my items of discomfort.
On this occasion I’d decided to add a bit of extra humiliation to my session,
so after removing all my clothes and laying down on the floor, I folded
a large towelling square as a nappy, and pinned it on securely with four
nappy pins. Fortunately my sister had had a baby six months before, so
I had learned how to fold it correctly. On top of the nappy came a humiliating
large pair of adult-sized thick baggy plastic baby pants I’d obtained from
a sex shop. I felt a pang of pleasure as I drew the elasticated pants up
my legs and around my waist, enveloping my crutch securely. The tight elastic
at my waist and thighs would ensure that even if I had to wet myself (or
worse), nothing would come out.

Standing up, I looked at the three girl’s hooded
raincoats I had laid across the back of the sofa; a translucent plastic
mac, a yellow PVC one, and a red rubberised cotton mackintosh. Worn one
on top of the other, I knew that they would guarantee my discomfort.

I picked up the translucent full-length plastic
mac, slid my arms into the sleeves, and snapped shut the snap fasteners
down the front. It felt cool against my bare skin at first, but I knew
that all that was about to change. I tied the matching plastic belt around
my waist in a neat non-slip double bow at the front. This was going to
be a full on discomfort session, so that wasn’t the only layer of plastic
I would be encased in. Picking up the safety yellow PVC raincoat, I put
it on over the plastic mac, and closed the snap fasteners one by one. This
was going to be hot.

 It was now time to silence myself so that
I would be unable to call for help, and I had devised a method of achieving
this in the most humiliating way. From the chair next to me I picked up
a baby’s dummy that I had bought from a joke shop and converted for more
practical use. This was no ordinary dummy. To begin with, it was very large.
The three inch wide mouth cover was easily large enough to cover my mouth
from below my nose to the bottom of my chin. On the inner side it was fitted
with a large oval shaped silicone rubber bulb which filled my mouth completely.
I had drilled four holes in the sides of the mouth cover, and threaded
two long lengths of pink ribbon through them to secure the dummy in place.

 I opened my mouth and pushed the bulb of
the dummy into it. The soft silicone rubber seemed to fill every space
in my mouth, and pushed my tongue gently but firmly down. I placed the
loops of ribbon behind my neck, and began to tighten them by pulling the
ends of the ribbons threaded through the front of the dummy’s mouth cover
and crossing them over. I then passed the ends round to the back of my
head, crossed them over, and pulled them tight in earnest. As I did so,
I could feel the rubber bulb penetrating deeper into my mouth and filling
it with silicone rubber. I passed the ribbons round to the front again,
and keeping them tight, continued to wind them around my head several more
times until I finally tied them in a bow at the back of my neck. I tried
calling out, and found that I could still just manage to make a muffled
sound out of the corner of my mouth. Not quite good enough. I wanted to
be properly silenced, so I took several lengths of two inch wide sticking
plaster and applied them around the edges of the mouth cover, effectively
sticking it down and sealing the gap. I then made an experimental attempt
to shout out at the top of my voice, but this time all I could do was emit
a faint babyish gurgle. Perfect. I pulled up the hood of the plastic mac,
and tied it on securely with the tie tapes in a non-slip double bow under
my chin. Then I put up the hood of the PVC raincoat on top, and buttoned
it up securely under my chin. There was now no way that I would be able
to get either of the hoods off once my hands were restrained.

My envelopment now began in earnest. It was warm
up time. I picked up the mackintosh from the sofa and looked at it in anticipation.
It was identical in style to the rubberised macs that little girls used
to wear in the 1950’s, and had been made to measure in a generous size
for me by a mackintosh supplier. It was a double-breasted red mackintosh
made of double texture rubberised cotton, with a buckle belt and an attached
hood with both tie tapes and a button fastening under the chin. I put my
arms into the smooth, rubberised sleeves and pulled the mackintosh on over
my shoulders. Then, one by one I fastened the buttons up to my neck, and
fastened the belt tightly round my waist. The sleeves came down as far
as my fingers, and the hem hung down several inches below my knees. I began
to look and feel more like a little girl. Next, I pulled up the hood and
tied the fastening tapes in a tight non slip double bow. Then, using the
additional button fastening, I buttoned it securely under my chin, and
pulled the hood well forward. It was of a style that used to be popular
with girl’s regulation school mackintosh hoods, with a square cut about
4 inches long running across the top at the back of the head. I stepped
back and looked at myself in the mirror.

With my face peeping out from under the mackintosh
hood and the large dummy covering my mouth, I looked just like a little
toddler, except for my bare legs. 
That was soon rectified with a pair of black
shiny calf length girl’s fashion wellington boots. I picked one up and
placed my right leg into it. Since discomfort was the idea, I had deliberately
bought them two sizes too small for me, so as I pushed my foot into the
bottom my toes became painfully squashed up. I heaved and grunted as I
tried to squeeze my foot down into the constricted space, and suddenly
the heel of my foot slipped down into position. My foot was now firmly
and uncomfortably imprisoned in the black rubber boot. With the same difficulty,
I put on the other boot, and winced slightly as I stood up. Now it was
time to get myself tied up.

Sitting on the ground, I took a long piece of
rope, and after doubling it I wound it several times around my ankles before
running the two rope lengths between my ankles in opposite directions,
cinching them tightly as I wound them around the rope between my ankles.
I pulled the cinch tighter and tighter, and with the protection of the
rubber boots I was able to secure my ankles tightly without discomfort.
There was certainly no way that I would be able to pull my feet out of
the tight rubber boots. I tied the rope ends together in a secure knot,
leaving several feet of the doubled rope left over. I made a cinch loop
in the end, which would be easy to close, but impossible to open once my
hands were tied. No, my only means of escape would be the knife lying on
the kitchen floor. After making the cinch loop I wound the rope several
times around the cinch between my feet, shortening it until the loop was
only a few inches from my ankles.

Next came my legs. I looped another doubled length
of rope around them just above the knee a couple of times, and then ran
the ends in a cinch through the middle before tying it off. I made sure
that the final knot would be at the front of my legs so that there would
be no way that I would be able to reach them with my hands tied behind
my back. Taking another long length of rope, I doubled it and wound it
several times around my chest and arms just above my elbows, put the ends
through the loop and then pulled it tight. Then I tied it in a knot in
front of my chest where I would be unable to reach it. With my upper arms
now securely pinned to my body, my time of helplessness was fast approaching.

On the ground next to me was a prepared loop of
rope which I had twisted a few times so that it formed six coils. The size
of the loop would fit snugly around my wrists. I now laid down on my back
with my legs bent under me so that I could almost touch my heels. I put
the cinch loop attached to my ankles over my left wrist and placed the
wide open loop up my left forearm. Then I took the wrist loop and put both
hands through it together, with the palm of my right hand over the back
of my left hand. With one wrist directly on top of the other, I now rotated
my arms as if opening a pair of scissors, so that they now crossed at my
wrists in the form of an X. As I did so, the coiled wrist loop tightened
around them across the middle of the X. With my wrists held together by
the wrist loop, I now manoeuvred the cinch loop connected to my ankles
down my arm, over my hand, and into the centre of my crossed wrists. The
cinch rope was now around my wrists at right angles to the wrist loop going
across.

Now came the moment of truth. My heart thumping,
I rolled over onto my front, and began to pull my ankles away from my bound
wrists. As I pulled, the friction knot of the cinch loop soon began to
creep up to my wrists as the loop grew smaller and smaller. With a final
sharp tug of commitment, the knot of the cinch knot came hard up against
my crossed and bound wrists, totally out of reach of my fingers. In effect,
my wrists were now bound securely at right angles to each other in much
the same way as two pieces of wood would be lashed together. With my hands
tied in this way, there was no way that I could reach any of the knots,
and my arms were now rigidly secured at right angles to each other.

I lay there quietly for a moment, enjoying the
feeling of utter helplessness. I began to wriggle and squirm in a genuine
effort to free myself, but with my hands unable to reach a single knot,
there was no chance of that.

After about half an hour of fruitless struggling,
I decided it was time to get free. The crawl along the hallway floor was
going to be a long one. With a muffled grunt I suddenly found that I’d
overdone the shortness of the cinch rope tying my wrists to my ankles,
and that movement was going to be more difficult than I’d thought. I also
suddenly realised that with my arms at right angles to each other, I would
be unable to bring my fingers together, and would have real difficulty
in cutting the ropes with the knife.

I began the laborious crawl out of the lounge
room and out into the hall. Then came the long and increasingly painful
journey down the length of the hall towards the kitchen. As I heaved and
strained my way along at a snail’s pace, the plastic pants and macs, together
with the thick rubber mackintosh on top and the rubber boots I had imprisoned
myself in, began to take effect. I began to sweat, and the more I squirmed
and writhed, the hotter I became. Well, I’d wanted discomfort, and now
I’d got it with a vengeance. Somehow it no longer seemed quite such a good
idea as the sweat began to pour down my face.

It must have taken me a full hour to reach the
doorway of the kitchen, and by the time I got there I felt like a limp
rag. Oh well, once I’d got the knife I’d soon be free. The knife? Where
the hell was it? I looked across the kitchen floor and couldn’t see it
anywhere. I slowly crawled further into the kitchen, but still couldn’t
see it. It had to be there somewhere. For some reason I started to look
up, and as I looked at the sink unit I suddenly remembered. Oh no! I’d
forgotten to put the knife on the floor. In my impatient preparations I’d
left it on the draining board just four feet above me, but it might has
well have been on the moon. In a paroxysm of frustration, I began to heave
and squirm against the ropes, but I’d done far too good a job for that
to be of any help at all.

Without thinking, I tried to yell at the top of
my voice, but of course, I’d taken good care of that as well. The humiliating
dummy kept me quieter than any baby.
After a few minutes of sweaty, impotent rage
at my own stupidity, I tried to think rationally, but there was no way
that I could see out of the situation. Here I was, helplessly and securely
trussed up and gagged in the most humiliating situation, and there was
nothing I could do about it. Then my heart missed a beat as I realised
something. Sally was going to find me like this. Sally was my girlfriend,
and knew nothing about either my penchant for plastic and rubber raincoats
or my love of self-bondage. I groaned as I realised that there was also
another problem. She wasn’t due round until Saturday afternoon, so if I
couldn’t get free I was going to be stuck like this for the next 18 hours!
At least she had a key to let herself in.

Almost in tears, I decided that the lounge room
floor would be more comfortable than the hard kitchen floor, so with a
groan of resignation I began my weary way back to the lounge. Another hour
of hot, painfully slow crawling followed before I finally reached the lounge
again. By the time I reached it, my hot plastic and rubber cocoon was soaking
wet on the inside, and I was hardly able to move any more. The sweat ran
down my face, and I felt exhausted as I breathed heavily through my nostrils.
Fortunately, a cushion had fallen on the floor, and I was able to spend
a long and sleepless night lying on my side using it as a pillow.
Being a summer evening, I hadn’t bothered to
switch on the light when I’d started, so I had to lie there on the ground
in the dark for hour after hour, occasionally trying to shift my position
to be more comfortable. But discomfort was what I had planned, and discomfort
was what I had to endure. Sleep was impossible.

After what seemed an eternity, it finally began
to grow light, and I found that I had a growing urge to go to the toilet,
which grew inexorably stronger and stronger. Despite my best efforts not
to let go, nature eventually triumphed, and I wept tears of humiliation
as I wet my nappy in true baby fashion. Wait until Sally discovered that!

The morning passed, and I heard the world coming
to life around me. With a few hours left yet, I decided to make one last
effort to get free. I began to heave and writhe in desperation. I sweated,
squirmed and moaned as I tried to reach any of the knots with one of my
hands. Not a chance, and after twenty minutes I gave up. No, I’d just have
to take it on the chin.

Early in the afternoon, my heart missed a beat
as I heard the key in the lock of the front door and the sound of Sally’s
voice. ‘Hi Tommy, it’s me. Where are you?’ The moment of truth had arrived.
She came down the hall and into the lounge, and looked down at me. A look
of amazement crossed her face, and then she slowly and deliberately sat
down on the sofa and grinned. ‘Well well well’ she said, ‘And what do we
have here? A cute little girl all dressed up in her mac and boots ready
for the rain. God, you must be boiling in that lot. What fun!’ I looked
up at her and yelled ‘Mmmmmmph! Mmmmm! Mmmmmmp!’ With a cool expression
on her face Sally looked down at me and said ‘I assume that means please
untie me?’

‘Mmmmmmmmm!’ I nodded vigorously. She grinned
again, and as she crouched down I sighed with relief as I mistakenly thought
she was going to release me. But she had other ideas. Instead of starting
to untie me, she rolled me over onto my front and ran her hands tantalisingly
over the tightly knotted ropes and chuckled. ‘Well now’ she said, ‘Since
you like being tied up, I think I can improve on that.’ She smiled, and
picking up a length of rope from the sofa, she doubled it, and ran it around
my arms just above the elbow. Then she started to pull the loop tighter
and tighter around them. I tried to protest, but the only sound to get
past the silicone rubber dummy filling my mouth was ‘Mmmmmph! Mmmmmb!’
as slowly but surely my elbows were drawn closer together. Finally they
were touching. With an efficiency that I didn’t know she possessed, Sally
cinched my elbow rope and tied it off tightly, way beyond the reach of
my fingers. And still she wasn’t finished.

My heart sank as she picked up another length
of rope, and folding it double, ran it round the cinch holding my ankles
together. Then she passed the ends up between my bound hands and back down
to my ankles. Threading it once more around the ankle cinch, she took the
ends back up to the cinch securing my elbows. Passing the rope round the
elbow cinch, she began to pull on it. Like a pulley system, my hands and
feet were drawn closer and closer together until my back began to ache
and the heels of my feet were finally touching my bottom.

Swiftly, Sally tied off the end of the rope to
my elbow cinch rope. Now I was really stuck. ‘Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmp! Mnnnmmmg!’
I yelled, and desperately tried to wriggle. But I couldn’t even squirm,
and the tight ropes which restrained me seemed to take on a personality
of their own, almost as if they were enjoying it.

Sitting down on the sofa again, Sally looked down
at my helpless form and chuckled. She was obviously enjoying herself. ‘Well’
she said, ‘I must say you’re very good at tying yourself up, aren’t you?’
Suddenly the penny dropped. She knew! As if to answer my thoughts Sally
stood up and folded her arms, completely in control. ‘You know’ she said,
‘I’ve known about this little activity of yours for the last three months,
ever since I came across your magazines, ropes and other little toys in
the cupboard. Very careless of you. I was wondering when you’d bring the
subject up. I’m a bit miffed actually, because it shows that you didn’t
think our relationship could stand it. Well it may surprise you to know
that I’m a lot more broad-minded than you think, and I’ll be quite happy
to oblige you with this little hobby of yours from time to time, but only
on condition that you never do it without me being here. If I ever find
you like this again, I’ll take advantage of the situation and make you
wish you’d never been born. Now how long have you been there? Since last
night?’

‘Mmmmm’ I nodded in the affirmative.

‘How uncomfortable for you’ she grinned, ‘Well
just to teach you a lesson, you can stay like that until tonight. Then
I’ll let you go and we can go for a meal. And then we can discuss some
future fun and games in bed tonight.’ She walked across to the door, turned,
and said  ‘Well, bye bye for now, I’ll be back in about six hours.
All right?’

‘Mmmmmmmp!’ I gurgled. With one last giggle she
left me wriggling like a helpless baby on the floor. But the future looked
bright. There were going to be some fun times ahead.

Sally returned some hours later, and I have to
say that my relief at finally being untied made me show my gratitude in
no uncertain sexual terms. That night was certainly a night to remember,
and I was delighted to find that Sally’s claim to be broad-minded was no
exaggeration. As we lay in bed together, I thought it best to be completely
open, and told her of my additional liking for rainwear as well as bondage.
My honesty paid off, because she smiled as she said ‘Yes, I wondered about
that the other day when you said that you liked my raincoat, and now I
understand why. Well don’t worry about it, I know that PVC macs can be
a bit of a turn on for both men and women, so there’s nothing for you to
be ashamed of.’ I felt a wave of relief as I realised that she understood
me so well.

‘By the way Sal’ I said, ‘Where the hell did you
learn so much about tying someone up? You’re obviously an expert.’

‘Oh it was easy. My ex boyfriend Bill was into
bondage in quite a big way, and being slightly sadistic I was happy to
oblige him. I find having a man helplessly within my power quite a turn
on, so we were both satisfied. It’s rather nice to find that you seem to
have very similar tastes to him, so that suits me just fine.’ She looked
at me thoughtfully for a moment, and then said ‘Look, why don’t we explore
this a little? You tell me more about just what turns you on, and I’ll
tell you what I like, and then, if it’s OK, we might get together for some
bondage fun and games. But with you as the victim, of course.’ I couldn’t
believe my luck, and so we agreed to meet for an evening out the following
Saturday.

 Over the next few weeks we familiarised
ourselves with each other’s personal preferences, and gradually we came
to enjoy each other’s company more and more. Sometimes an evening would
go by without either of us even mentioning the subject of bondage. Then
one evening she invited me round to her place for dinner, and she’d cooked
a lovely meal. We’d both had a few glasses of wine, and as we sat on the
sofa together afterwards she looked at me and smiled.

‘Well Tommy’ she said, ‘I think the time has come.’

 ‘Mmmm?’ I said, feeling very relaxed, ‘What
time?’

 ‘Time for us to have that little session
together.’ I immediately sat up and looked at her. ‘Really?’ I said, ‘You’re
sure?’

 ‘Yes, I’m sure. But not tonight, we’re both
too tired. Why don’t you come round next Saturday afternoon, and we’ll
take it from there. But remember there’s just one condition.’

 ‘What’s that?’

 ‘I get to tie you up. I want to be the one
in charge, rather than the other way round. And bring all your bondage
gear with you. From what I saw of it the other day, that should be enough
to immobilise you very nicely.’

 Delighted, I replied ‘Fine, I’ll bring everything
we need. But I also have one condition of my own.’

 ‘Oh yes? And what’s that?’

 ‘Well as you know, I also love wearing girl’s
raincoats, so I want to be dressed in two or three of your macs and trussed
up in such a way as to be as uncomfortable as possible.’ Sally looked at
me and gave me a wry grin. ‘My pleasure’ she smiled, ‘I’m sure I can arrange
something. Don’t forget, I said that I’m slightly sadistic. And by the
way, I really am a bondage expert, so you’ll have no chance of getting
free, believe me.’

 ‘Perfect, just what I wanted.’

 ‘All right’ chuckled Sally, ‘That suits
us both then, doesn’t it?’

We continued discussing the finer details of our
session to come for the next few hours until it was time for me to go home,
and I walked home with a keen sense of anticipation.

 The days passed impatiently for me, but
at last the following Saturday afternoon came, and two o’clock found me
ringing Sally’s door bell with my bag of goodies in my hand. The door opened,
and there she was, dressed in a pair of jeans and a low cut blouse. She
looked eager to begin.

 I went in and we sat down for a cup of tea
first. That done, she said ‘OK Tommy, bring your bag with you and we’ll
get started.’ We went through into a small spare bedroom, and she took
my bag and emptied it out onto the single bed, which had been covered with
a thick plastic sheet. ‘Oh yes’ she smiled, ‘That lot should do very nicely
I think. Now get undressed while I sort these things out.’

 ‘What, take off everything?’ I said. ‘Everything’
grinned Sally, ‘And remember, I want total co-operation from you with no
complaints. Well, not until I’ve got you tied up, anyway. Then you can
try and complain and struggle as much as you like, but it won’t do you
any good I promise you. Now get undressed.’ I removed all my clothes, wondering
just what she had in store, and stood there naked while she finished laying
out all the ropes and straps neatly, ready for use. Finally she was ready.

 ‘Now then’ she said, ‘Just to get this straight.
You want to be dressed in my macs, and trussed up so as to be as hot, uncomfortable
and helpless as possible. Correct?’

 ‘Correct’ I said, my heart thumping.

 ‘Very well’ she grinned ‘But remember, you
asked for it. I’m going to give you what I call my sweatbag treatment.
My last boyfriend Bill did it to me once, and I can guarantee its discomfort.
Right, let’s get started.’ Putting her arm around me, she took me across
to the foot of the bed, and picked up a pair of oversized thick plastic
baby pants, made to fit an adult. She held them out for me to step into,
and as she pulled them up my legs and arranged the firm elastic neatly
around my waist and thighs, she grinned and said ‘I don’t see why you shouldn’t
be humiliated as well as uncomfortable. Now come over here.’ She took me
by the hand and led me over to the wardrobe. Hanging on the door were three
full-length girl’s mackintoshes on their hangers which were obviously intended
for me. One was her red PVC raincoat, one was an old-fashioned 1950’s style
red rubberised cotton mackintosh, and the third one was a translucent plastic
mac. All had hoods, and I could already anticipate just how hot it was
going to get if I wore all three on top of each other. Well, this was what
I’d asked for, so it was too late to complain now.

 Sally took the plastic mac down from its
hanger, and held it open for me to put on. I slid my arms into the cool
smooth plastic sleeves, and standing in front of me, she fastened the press
studs at the front up to my neck. Then, taking the matching tie belt, she
passed it around my waist and tied it in a non-slip double bow at the front.
The plastic mac felt cool for a few moments, but soon began to rapidly
warm up. ‘Oh by the way’ she said, ‘I’ve sealed the underarm ventilation
holes with tape. I don’t call this the sweatbag treatment for nothing.
Now for the next one.’

 She took down the red rubberised cotton
mackintosh, and like the plastic mac, held it up while I obediently put
my arms into the sleeves. She fastened the buttons down the front, buckled
up the belt, and secured the end with a button fastening that held it firmly
in place around my waist. The heavyweight double texture rubberised cotton
enveloped me both physically and by its aroma. ‘Good’ said Sally, ‘Now
for number three.’

 Removing her red PVC raincoat from its hanger,
she held it up for me as I once again put my arms into the sleeves, and
she pulled the raincoat on over my shoulders. My heart began to thump with
anticipation as she closed each press stud down the front with a click
of finality. After again fastening the coat up to my neck, she pulled the
belt tight around my waist, and buckled it securely.

 Standing back to inspect me, Sally grinned
and said ‘There, how does that feel?’

 ‘Well, warm’ I replied, ‘But not all that
hot yet.’

‘Don’t worry’ she chuckled, ‘You will be, believe
me. Now let’s do something about your legs, shall we?’ She reached into
the wardrobe and drew out a pair of knee high shiny black rubber wellington
boots. They were not the normal clumsy boots worn for gardening purposes,
but stylish fashion wellingtons with a slightly high heel. She put the
right boot down in front of me, and I put my leg into it. The boot closed
firmly around my calf, and I began to push my foot down into the boot.
It was a very tight fit, and I had to push as hard as I could to force
my heel down into the bottom. At last, with a sudden movement, my heel
slipped in past the narrow ankle part of the boot, encasing my foot tightly
in the thick rubber. Now it was time for the other one. Once again, with
much pushing down with all my weight, I finally managed to get my left
leg into the other boot.

The boots were about two sizes too small for me,
and as my toes became tightly squashed up in the unyielding confines of
the rubber boots I began to realise that discomfort was certainly going
to be the order of the day. I put my weight on my feet and winced. Sally
looked at me and grinned. ‘Uncomfortable enough for you?’ she chuckled.
‘Well we’ve hardly started yet, believe me!’ Still smiling, she picked
up a two inch wide roll of sticking plaster and said ‘Right then. Now turn
around and put the palms of your hands together behind your back.’

I put my hands together behind me, and Sally began
to wind the zinc oxide adhesive sticking plaster around my hands until
they were firmly strapped together in a single useless lump. ‘There’ she
said with a grin, ‘That’ll keep you little handy pandys out of mischief,
won’t it? Now, let’s see how you like being trussed up.’ Taking a length
of rope, Sally folded it double and wound it several times around my wrists.
She passed the two ends of the rope through the loop, pulled it tight,
and then wound the doubled rope around between my wrists, cinching the
loops around my wrists like a pair of handcuffs. She finished off the cinch
in a tight reef knot, and let the remaining length of doubled rope trail
on the floor. ‘Right’ she said, ‘Now sit on the edge of the bed.’

I sat down, and taking another piece of rope,
Sally secured my ankles tightly together in the same way as my wrists.
Knowing that my legs were protected by the thick rubber boots, she made
sure that my ankles were very tightly tied and cinched together. That done,
she tied my legs securely together just above my knees, effectively holding
my legs immovably together.

Satisfied with her progress so far, Sally grinned
and said ‘Now then. Knowing that you’re almost certainly going to start
complaining, and will probably whine to be untied, I’m going to make sure
that you won’t be a noisy nuisance.’ Picking up the roll of sticking plaster,
she carefully cut about a dozen lengths about a foot long that she placed
in a neat row along the head of the bed. Then she went across to a drawer
and took out a small, slightly inflated pink balloon. Coming back and standing
over me she said ‘Right, open your mouth, nice and wide.’ I knew that being
gagged would mean my complete subservience to her every whim, but somehow
I just couldn’t resist it.

I obediently opened my mouth, and she pushed the
balloon in. It felt strange. Although the balloon had looked small, it
in fact filled my mouth completely, effectively holding down my tongue.
‘Now close your lips and clench your jaws together’ she said. I brought
my jaws and lips together, and taking the first piece of tape, Sally placed
it horizontally across my mouth and pressed it firmly into place. Then,
taking two more lengths, she crossed them diagonally over the other piece.
Then she placed another piece under my jaw, and pulling it up hard and
around my cheeks she stuck it in place, holding my jaws firmly shut.
Piece after piece of tape were now stuck across
my mouth and jaws, until eventually my entire lower face had disappeared
under several layers of sticking plaster. Pleased with her handiwork, Sally
smiled and said ‘There, that’ll keep you quiet. Try yelling as loud as
you can.’ I tried to oblige, and attempted to yell several times at the
top of my voice, but the balloon and sticky tape gag was fiendishly effective.
Despite my best efforts, all that could be heard was a quiet muffled ‘Mmmmmm!’

‘Excellent’ chuckled Sally, ‘Yes, that’ll certainly
keep you quiet, won’t it?. Now, let’s finish wrapping you up.’ She leaned
over me, and pulled the hood of the inner plastic mac up over my head.
Then she drew the tie tapes together under my chin and tied them in a secure
double bow. On top of that she pulled up the hood of the rubberised cotton
mackintosh and buttoned it up under my chin. Finally she pulled up the
shiny red PVC raincoat hood, and tied it on tightly under my chin with
the tie tapes. For extra security she also buttoned shut the storm flap
under my chin before gaving all three hoods a final tug forward. She stood
back and chuckled as she said ‘Don’t you look sweet! You look just like
a little girl. Now lie down on the bed, face down.’

I did as I was told, and taking another piece
of rope, Sally doubled it and looped it around my arms just above the elbow.
Then she started to pull the loop closed, which forced my elbows closer
and closer together. I’m a fairly lithe person, and in a short while my
elbows were touching. Just as she had secured my wrists and ankles, she
cinched the loop securely and tied off the ends. Now the real discomfort
began.

‘Right’ she said, ‘Bend your legs up behind you.’
She took hold of my feet and bent my legs at the knee until my heels were
nearly touching my bottom. Taking the left over length of rope securing
my wrists, she ran it down around the cinch between my ankles, and back
up around the cinch between my elbows. Then she began to pull the end of
the rope downwards towards my feet.

The effect of this was like a pulley, and as she
pulled on the rope, my feet and hands were forced closer and closer together
until my heels were resting on my bottom and nearly touching my bound hands.
Satisfied at how helpless I was becoming, Sally expertly wound the end
of the rope around the cinch between my elbows and tied it off securely.
I could barely move. But she hadn’t finished yet. ‘Now’ she said, ‘I want
to make sure you can’t fall off the bed. We don’t want you hurting yourself,
do we?’ She chuckled as she set about my complete immobilisation. Taking
another piece of rope, she doubled it and looped it around my elbow cinch.
Then she ran one half of the doubled rope across and around the side of
the bed frame, pulled it taught, and tied it off. Taking the other half
of the rope she did the same thing on the other side. As she pulled this
one tight and tied it off, it ensured that there was now no way that I
could move sideways at all, and was now firmly held face down, with no
chance of rolling onto my side to ease my discomfort.

But she still wasn’t finished yet. Tying the end
of another rope to the top end of the bed, she ran the rope down under
my shoulder and under one armpit, over my back and under my other armpit.
Then she pulled the end back up to the top of the bed, pulled it tight,
and tied it off there. My legs were next. She tied the end of another rope
to the bottom end of the bed, brought the rope up the bed to my knees,
passed it around my bent knees, and back down to the foot of the bed. Then
she pulled it tight and secured the end to the foot of the bed. I groaned
into my gag as my discomfort now began in earnest. My back was beginning
to ache, but try as I might, I couldn’t move an inch in any direction to
ease it.

Seeing my vain efforts to move, Sally grinned.
‘There we are’ she chuckled, ‘Uncomfortable enough for you?’ I vigorously
nodded my head in the affirmative and said ‘Mmmmmp!’ She smiled, and shaking
her head in the negative said ‘Oh no, not quite, I think. We just need
the finishing touch.’ Picking up two more pieces of rope, she tied each
one to the side of the bed, one on my right and one on my left, level with
my waist. Then she passed the end of each one under my waist, crossed them
over, and out the opposite side. She now brought the ends up together at
the back of my waist, and pulled them tight. Finally, she wound the two
ends around my already bound arms before tying them securely to the cinch
between my elbows.

I was now trussed up as securely and helplessly
as a fly wrapped up by a spider. Satisfied at last, Sally stepped back
to inspect her handiwork. ‘There we are’ she grinned, ‘You wanted to be
trussed up in my raincoats as uncomfortably as possible, and here you are.
Now there’s just one more thing to do that I guarantee will make the next
few hours hot and sticky for you.’ Reaching under the bed, she drew out
an electric fan heater. Putting it on a chair about six feet to one side
of me, she pointed it carefully at me, and plugging it into a wall socket,
switched it on. In a few seconds I could feel a blast of hot air running
over me. And even that wasn’t quite enough for her. She went to an electric
fire built into the wall a few feet on the other side of me, and switched
on all three bars.
She looked down at me and grinned. ‘Right’ she
said, ‘Now you can try and escape if you like. You can yell as much as
you want because no one’s going to hear you. I’ll pop in from time to time
just to see how you’re getting on, but I can promise you, you’re going
to be there for quite a few hours. Have fun, and don’t get up to any mischief
will you? Bye bye little mackintosh girl, see you.’ With a chuckle and
a cheery little wave, she went out of the room, closing the door behind
her.

Left to my own devices, I began exploring my restraints
by heaving and squirming in the forlorn hope of at least loosening them
a little. But I soon began to realise that there was no hope of that. As
my frustration grew I began to struggle more violently, and couldn’t help
but yell into my gag, but the only sound I could produce was a faint gurgle.
No, I’d asked for it and I’d got it. I was unable to move even the tiniest
fraction, and lay there, silenced and immobilised by expert hands. Sally
had learnt her bondage skills well.

It being such a small room, the temperature rose
rapidly as the two heaters did their job, and within a few minutes I was
beginning to perspire freely. Inside the three raincoats, my trapped body
heat became worse and worse, and I was soon drenched in perspiration. I
blinked as it poured down my face, stinging my eyes. Now I was beginning
to regret putting fantasy into reality, and there was absolutely nothing
I could do about it. The hotter I became, the more I struggled to get free,
and the more I struggled, the hotter I became. It was a vicious circle.

After about an hour, Sally came into the room
and bent down to look in my face. She grinned as she said playfully with
mock concern ‘Ooh my goodness, you’re all red aren’t you? Enjoying yourself?
Warm enough for you?’

‘Mmmmmmph! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmn!’ I yelled, wriggling
and writhing helplessly. I moaned and tried to say ‘Please untie me,’ but
all that came out was a garbled ‘Plnnnnnummmpee!’ Sally straightened up
with her hands on her hips and laughed. ‘Untie you? Not likely, I’m enjoying
this far too much. Oh no, I’ve hardly started yet. I’ll see you a little
later, so just lie there and enjoy your sauna.’ She went out of the room
again, and left me moaning in humiliated frustration as I vainly squirmed
and writhed against my restraints. Inside the three raincoats I was by
now boiling hot and soaked in sweat, and I could feel my hot, wet legs
and feet squelching inside the thick rubber boots. Now I realised why Sally
had laid a plastic sheet on the bed, as rivulets of perspiration began
to form in small pools under me. Gradually my struggles lessened as I grew
more and more exhausted in my rubber and plastic sauna, and eventually
I actually started to doze off into a sort of torpor.

After what seemed an eternity I was suddenly woken
with a start by a cold wet flannel being wiped across my face. ‘All right’
said Sally, as she refreshed me, ‘I think that’s enough. You’ve been there
for four hours, and besides, it’s no fun if you’re going to fall asleep.
I think we’ll call it a day for this time, but remember, next time it’ll
be for much longer!’

Switching off the heaters, she opened the window
and began to untie me and unwrap my hands, and as I began to move my aching
arms and legs, I groaned with pleasure. Gradually the numbness caused by
the ropes began to recede, and finally I was able to sit up on the edge
of the bed. Sally unfastened each raincoat hood in turn, and lowered it.
As the hood of the innermost plastic mac was drawn off my head I gave a
sigh of relief as the cool air ran over my face. ‘All right then’ said
Sally, ‘You can do the rest yourself. Take off those raincoats and leave
them in the bath, and I’ll rinse them out and hang them up to dry. In the
meantime you can take a shower and freshen up.’

She went out of the room while I went across to
the wardrobe mirror and painfully removed the strips of sticking plaster
from my face. With a sigh of utter relief I removed the balloon from my
mouth and moved my aching jaw. Then came the sheer pleasure of removing
each raincoat in turn until I stood there naked, enjoying the cool air
wafting across my body from the window. I sat down to remove the rubber
boots, but soon found that they were too tight for me to remove without
help. I called Sally, and she came into the room and grinned. ‘Bit tight
are they?’ she chuckled, ‘All right, hang on.’ She took a firm grip on
the boots, but even so, it took a lot of hard pulling before she was able
to get them off.

I wearily made my way to the bathroom carrying
the three raincoats, and had a blissful cool shower before I dried myself,
left the raincoats in the bath, and made my way back to the bedroom to
dress myself. After that I felt wonderfully refreshed, as if I really had
had a sauna, and in a way, I suppose I had.
In the meantime, Sally had prepared a meal for
us, and as we sat down to eat, she said ‘Well, how was that? Up to expectations?’

‘Was it ever!’ I said, ‘That was unreal. I’ve
got to hand it to you, you sure know the ropes, so to speak.’ Sally laughed.
‘Yes, well Bill was a very good teacher. Now then’ she said, looking me
in the eye, ‘Do you think you could stand another session next week end,
something a little bit more stringent?’

‘More stringent?‘ I said, ‘Strewth.’

‘Oh believe me, I’ve got lots of tricks up my
sleeve if you’re game enough to try them. I’ve got something in mind that
will really turn you on, and it might just involve me using you for my
own pleasure. You’ll be my helpless plaything.’

I liked the way she was heading, and with all
memory of my recent discomfort fading already, I eagerly agreed. ‘All right
then’ smiled Sally, ‘That’s a date.’
And so our friendship grew in a mutually satisfying
way. I liked being tied up, and Sally enjoyed her dominant position, so
we were both pleased. A couple of years later we were married, and the
longer we remained together, the more we came to understand each other’s
needs, and were able to fulfil them.

Well, I think I’ll finish here. Sally’s upstairs
waiting for me with what she calls the ‘ultimate in turn ons’, so I wonder
what she has in mind? Oh well, I’d better go up and find out, hadn’t I?

THE END
