---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/wet_dream_bondage.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Wet Dream Bondage
authors:
- Margaret B
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- chast
- outdoors
- drug
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2004-02-24 00:00:00
---

Note to Reader:  I don’t write a lot of self-bondage stuff. 
First, I think it is dangerous.  Second, it is much more fun to have
someone there to torment and humiliate you.  Why not ask someone you
trust or love?  Think how humiliated you will feel when they say no. 
Think how excited you will feel when they say yes! I'd advise against taking alcohol
and drugs together and also tying yourself up and falling asleep.

And now, for our little story.

My name is Mark, but in my “play time” I refer to myself as Margie. 
My self-bondage is somewhat different than most and I don’t suggest you
try it.  I am sure you have heard similar confessions before as each
of us likes to believe his or her perversions are unique.  Mine involves
drugs.  I don’t use heavy doses of illegal drugs or any of that sixties
crap.  I take an over the counter sleeping pill with a little booze.

This happened the first time by accident, without the sleeping pill. 
I secured myself helpless and blindfolded after a hard day’s work and simply
fell asleep.  I awoke about two hours later and became slightly panic
stricken and very disoriented for a few minutes until I remembered I was
bound, blindfolded, and gagged.  The feeling was wild!  I had
to calm down and think about where I was and what to do.  I thirsted
for more!  I spend a number of play times trying to repeat the same
conditions before I decided to take a sleeping pill just a minute before
shackling my wrists.  I was concerned about the amount to take and
decided that a safe over the counter pill combined with a couple of drinks
of alcohol would put me to sleep long enough to disorient me and bring
on that panic feeling when I woke up.

I tested the dose with a can of beer and one pill late in the evening
ready for bed without any bondage gear in place.  The warning on the
package said drinking alcohol with the pill would increase sleepiness and
advised against it.  I slept very well for about four hours and then
woke up from the drop in blood sugar as well as the pill wearing off. 
It was a rather poor idea to test my survival this way and I don’t recommend
it.  When you are desperate to experience something you tend to take
risks.  The next night I used the same dose with my hands and feet
somewhat loosely tied and a pillowcase over my head.  I was a little
surprised and disoriented when I woke with a mild panic feeling. 
That is exactly what I was looking for!

On the day before my day off, (I work an odd week where my time off
changes continually) I would come home, skip supper, take a bath, and prepare. 
Now, this is a little embarrassing even though you don’t know me and may
very well do the same type of thing.  Strangely, I feel a sort of
sexual arousal from the humiliation of telling you this.  During bondage,
I dress in female underwear!  I don’t go out in dresses, wigs, and
heels trying to fool the public.  I wear pantyhose and a bra during
my playtime.  The silky feeling on my legs with the caressing of my
cock and the tight fit of the undersized bra makes me feel real sexy. 
I’m not queer, honest!  I don’t want to be with a man.  I have
used a depilatory to remove the hair from my legs and I shave my pubic
area as well as under my arms.  I feel so smooth and sexy, but I would
curl up and die if anyone ever knew!

I have done this in various ways each getting more bolder and exciting
for nearly a year.  On a weekend trip, I took my medicine, as I like
to call it while bound hand and foot on top of a bed in a motel room. 
The “do not disturb sign” was not out.  I was wearing black pantyhose,
a long line bra, with a gag and a hood.  My heart was pounding with
the thought, “what if I don’t wake up before the maid comes in?” 
Well, I did wake up and got the key from the chair across the room hours
before she came in.  I had the semen washed from my pantyhose and
was dressed like a man to the observing world with a clean pair of black
hose under my pants and the long line bra under my shirt.  I went
out to breakfast with the wet hose hanging in the shower.  The feeling
of humiliation when I came back and realized the room had been clean and
hose seen but untouched was awesome!

More recently, I have taken to spending the night well secured on the
patio of my San Diego home.  In the summer the nights are warm making
sleeping in pantyhose and a long line bra out side comfortable.  I
have developed a method of bondage that works well both from a safe and
sane point while providing a full blown panic and disorientation. 
I have fastened with nails a two by four against the wall of my house with
a bolt protruding at a slight angle.  I don’t entertain much, but
it is easy enough to cover this bolt with a table or the barbeque when
friends are invited over.  At night, I lie unseen about twenty feet
from a four-foot block wall.

Sawing two cuts in a washer about half way to the inner hole I bent
the metal to a ninety-degree angle.  I took this tab and inserted
it in the middle link of my handcuff chain.  Bending the metal over
with a number of hammer blows to secure the washer to the cuffs.  
Now, on nights I wish bondage play, I slip the washer over the bolt and
screw down a wing nut locking the cuffs in place.  After drinking
the last four ounces of ale (7% alcohol) with the pill chopped up and dissolved
in the booze, I attach my wrists to the cuffs over my head and wait to
fall asleep.

This does not always work out as planned.  One June morning turned
very cold and I found my feet painfully numb. I spent one night with my
hands over my head wide-awake rubbing my feet and legs together without
even an hour’s sleep. I thought about quitting and releasing myself until
the warm sun on my near naked body forced me to stop least some neighbor
see me.  I can, when reoriented, remove the wing nut and crawl eight
to ten feet to my left as I search for the key to the cuffs and my return
to normality.  In addition, I keep a key on the wall across the yard.

The better nights are when I fall asleep and wake up disoriented and
panicked after between two and four hours of sleep.  I need to remove
the wing nut and then crawl to the key, which sometimes takes more than
an hour and brings on additional panic. The combination of pill and booze
allows for many a wild dream.  This is an added and uncontrolled element
to which I look forward.  Being blindfolded increases the excitement
and a homemade ball gag keeps me from waking the neighbors.

I recently went and donated sperm at a sperm bank across town. 
I did not do this out of some duty to extent the human race or make it
possible for unfertile couples to have children.  I did it because
it made me feel humiliated!  They were a most professional organization,
but the idea of “producing” sperm in a clinic made me horny.  
I filled out a short form and was directed by a very attractive woman to
a private restroom with a chair and a cup for the specimen.  She was
tall about 5 feet 6 inches with bright red hair.  Her breasts were
not large by today’s standards, but they were very perky and seemed to
defy gravity.  She wore a plaid vest over a white nylon leotard with
a short plaid skirt over shiny bright white tights.  I don’t mean
pantyhose these were less sheer.  I thought it odd her wearing black
three-inch pumps as most women on their feet all day wear walking shoes. 
I felt uneasy especially when I handed the cup to her and she smiled, but
it was not the feeling of humiliation or embarrassment I was expecting.

A month ago, I purchased from an Internet supplier a device called “the
seven gates of hell”.  You may have seen them or even used one. 
It is a male chastity device with steel rings designed to prevent erections. 
I found it a most painful bondage implement.  Everything I had hoped
for! I wore it the night it came for two painful erections or should I
say attempts. I doubled over at the first erection with terrible pain. 
I managed to force myself to leave the device in place only to find more
pain less than an hour later.  I could not help thinking, “be careful
what you wish for.”  Even though the pain was more then I thought
safe, I was determined to make good use of the device.

After using the device every night, I gradually was able to tolerate
the pain all night and finally for a full 24 hours.  During erections
the device brings a great deal of fear and agony.  What is more, while
the cock is trying to get hard and the balls swell in the process, the
device cannot be removed.  Only when my cock is soft can I put it
on or take it off.  I finally talked myself into using it during my
bondage. I masturbate first which allows me to put the device on without
an erection for a few hours.  The pain from the device wakes me after
the pill and the booze wear off.
 
I try to go through the pain of the attempted erection at least three
times before releasing myself and often fall back to sleep after the first
time.  I know every man finds this different.  Some may not find
it painful at all.  The agony that runs through my body from my cold
stocking clad toes to my fingertips is horrible.  I shake all over
and buck against the patio floor with muffled screams through my gag. 
I fear that this activity might bring a passerby to my unsolicited rescue. 
The thought of being caught always makes me hard!

I wake up in a full-blown panic with the agony of an erection screaming
through my gag.  I know even when I get the wing nut free that I cannot
remove the device forcing me to endure the pain.  The event ends with
me completely exhausted, scared to death, and trembling as I fall back
to sleep.  The most I have ever been able to handle in one night is
five erections.  My cock is sore for two to three days after. 
It is the most fun I have ever had and only the pain in my swollen cock
keeps me from doing it every night!

When I made my donation at the sperm bank, I carried my device in and
wore it out.  I fantasized about squeezing the woman in white’s boobs
and eating her pussy while my cock got hard and finally fired off a large
amount of semen.  I put the device on with the intent to wear it until
the next morning.  I found this very hard to do as the erections on
that Friday afternoon brought considerable pain and often at embarrassing
moments. I had taken an early and long lunch to go to the sperm bank and
left work about six.  Only once before had I tried to wear the device
at work all day, but had to remove it after only three hours.  I was
very excited about wearing the device for so long a time and I was thinking
about the woman in white, which brought on a number of very strong and
painful erection attempts.

When I got to my car I striped off naked.  This was the last weekend
in October and the nights would soon be too cold to spend outside nearly
nude.  I was determined to force myself to a memorable playtime. 
I dressed in pantyhose after removing the cotton crotch, put on my high
heels, and my matching black front hook long line bra.  I drank two
straight shots of 80 proof whiskey and began chewing on two of the pills. 
I tightened the wing nut with the cuffs in place, sat down with my back
rubbing against the stucco wall, put the gag in my mouth, and the blindfold
over my eyes.  I locked the shackles of the cuffs to my wrists using
the key to secure the double locking element of each cuff, and finally
tossed the key to my left.  I was secure, helpless, and about to fall
asleep.

Just as I was about to dose off in a drunken stupor, my cock decided
to have another agonizing erection.  I shook and bucked as the worst
pain of the day ran unchecked through my body.  I vaguely remember
lifting myself up to the wing nut and trying to release myself. I believe
it was this first erection attempt that forced me into sleep and what I
hope was only a dream.

The next thing I knew I was lying on a hard stainless steel table with
a tube running into my nose and an IV in my arm.  I thought, “I must
have gone too far and I am in hospital.”  I tried to move, but found
myself strapped down tight to the table.  I looked down toward my
feet and saw my naked and fully exposed body with a catheter tube in my
very sore penis draped over the end of the table.  The lights were
too bright burning into my eyes. Everything I knew was gone, my gag, the
blindfold, and the cuffs.  I looked straight up expecting to see the
light of a hospital ceiling, but found a mirror.  It was the horrible
sight of a naked man with tubes running in and out of his body.  My
own terrified face stared back at me from the mirror!

The tube in my nose was feeding some murky white fluid through one of
my nostrils with oxygen from a different tube forcing its way through the
other.  I could not talk or move my jaw.  There was some kind
of steel device inside my mouth locking my jaw open.  I glanced around
the room as best I could to see the mirror above tables on both sides of
me.  Each table had a naked man with the same type of tubes running
out of his body.  Each man had the same device forcing his mouth open
and was strapped in exactly the same immobile position that I was. 
The man to my right was black and the man to my left was Latino.

A woman dressed in a white nylon walked over to the table to my right
and began to molest the black man’s penis.  She was the red headed
woman from the sperm bank! I could clearly see her shapely body and those
black pumps in the mirror.  She was no longer wearing her modest plaid
cover-ups. As she stroked the black man’s cock he began to move as much
as possible in his bonds and gave out low moans.  I watched them switching
back and forth between his rather large penis slowly becoming erect and
the red head’s sexy legs and ass.

I began to feel my penis reacting to the sight I was viewing and for
a moment the fear of an agonizing erection came over me.  I quickly
realized that my “seven gates of hell” was gone and that the pain of erection
was gone as well.  I was wrong!  The tube, a rather large tube,
in my penis caused just a little discomfort at first, but soon grew to
a different yet worse agony than the device.  The pain was from the
inside and I felt sure that it was not the first time.

As the black cock reached a very hard full erection the woman stopped
masturbating him for a moment and walking to the end of his table changed
the tube to his penis from the collection bag to a vacuum machine with
a sterile glass jar on the side.  She pressed a button that turned
on the machine and sucked the semen from the man’s body.  This must
have been very painful from the reaction that his body gave during the
process. After a about a minute, she turned the machine off and changed
the tubes back.  She removed the sterile glass jar, capped it, and
replaced it with another.  Then she removed the steel gag from the
donor.

“Hell! That hurts!  Let me out of here!”

She slapped the man hard across the mouth twisting the feeding tube
in his nose bringing a great deal of pain.

“Shut up!  You’re a big boy!  You are only going through this
one or two more times.  Then you will be terminated.”

Terminated!  What does that mean?  Was she going to kill him?
Would she inject a poison in his IV tube and end his life.  Then a
sicker thought came to mind.  Would they castrate him? She lifted
up his hip a few inches, rubbed his butt with an alcohol swab, and gave
him an injection.  At this point he began to beg and plead. 
It was a few minutes before he quieted down and fell off to sleep or at
least I hope it was just sleep.

“You awake already, are you?  Would you like to try the procedure
without the whitehead gag in place?  Remember the rules! You must
be civil and no screaming.”

She removed the steel from my mouth.  My jaw was sore and I opened
and closed a number of times trying to get my mouth to work correctly. 
Her hand gently caressed my cock bringing a pleasant reaction until the
catheter took hold and changed the pleasure to pain.  At first, the
erection was only uncomfortable, but as it grew the pain from the tube
in my prick grew as well.  I started to tremble and tears began rolling
down my cheeks.

“Please.  That hurts.  Please Miss, don’t do it any more.”

“I find it hard to believe you cannot remember any of this.  The
injection you get does have a similar drug to the “date rape” drugs men
use on their victims, but something as brutal as forced masturbation while
catheterized must leave some impression.  You don’t remember anything?”

“I don’t know how I got here or what is going on!”

“Wow!  Nothing!  You do know this is the sperm bank and your
donating sperm?”

“I recognize you and I thought this might be the bank, but”

“This is your sixth donation so far.  We take one every two hours. 
The fluid going into your stomach through your nose increases you production
of viable sperm.  Normally, you would be sterile, temporarily that
is.  The drugs in the fluid increase the sperm production at least
for a while.”

My cock began to throb in her hand giving us both the sign that ejaculation
was near.  She gently pulled the tube a couple of inches out of my
bladder, which would allow the machine to extract my semen.  The pain
was awful! She stepped to the end of my table and moved the tube to the
machine with a glass jar just above my head.  She pressed the button
and my semen was sucked from my loins in agony!  It was all I could
do not to scream.  I thought if I make to much noise, she would put
the gag back in place and I would lose my ability to ask questions even
perhaps negotiate.

“That’s a good boy.  The last time you screamed so loud I had to
put back in the gag.”

“How long have I been here and how long will I stay?”  I asked
as politely as the pain in my cock would permit.

“You will stay as long as you’re productive.  Then, you will be
terminated.  I told you the same thing last time.  I cannot believe
you don’t remember anything.”

With that she rolled me up on my side, swabbed my butt, and gave my
very sore bottom an injection.

It was late in the afternoon when I woke up.  The sun was hot. 
My whole body ached, but my cock was painfully sore.  I reached up
to the wing nut and found it loose.  I removed the nut and the washer,
then my blindfold.  My arms were stiff and my legs could barely move. 
I removed the gag and then began to pay attention to my very sore cock. 
I looked for the key to the cuffs, but never did find it.  I was forced
to crawl across the yard to the safety key on the wall.  This is very
risky from a social point as I could be caught.  I ducked several
times as cars and people went by.  After I reached the extra key and
uncuffed my wrists, I took a deep breath and ran into the house.

This was a strange yet erotic and sexy dream.  I looked at the
clock, it was 3 PM.  I had slept all that time.  After slowly
and carefully pissing, I realized I was in my stocking feet.  I walked
back to the patio and saw my high heels hanging from the two by four. 
The key was in the toe of the left shoe!
 
 Please feel free to contact MARGARET B at: b\_d\_s\_m@HOTMAIL.COM

.
