---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/damsel_in_distress3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Damsel in Distress 3
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- MMF/fff
- bond
- susp
- cons
- X
date: 2003-12-16 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Damsel in Distress 2**](damsel_in_distress2.html))

**Part Five**

In spite of numerous golden opportunities, and dozens of outrageous
propositions from both male a female guests, Annette had yet to participate in
an actual scene while B/D partying at the house. The temptation to let go to
what she knew would be as safe a situation as any she could imagine haunted the
39 year old ex model day and night, engendering a dilemma so far removed from
the realms of her outgrown experience it literally cried out for an uncommon
hero to rescue her from her overly cautious and underdeveloped proclivities. As
sure as Annette was about the fail-safe aspect of what her newfound friends
proposed, there still remained a modicum of uneasiness with which to wrestle
before plunging headlong into her first scene at the house. Being the
psychically oriented damsel she was, Annette opted to wait on a green light from
her intuition before making a move she'd already decided would be the deep end
of the kinkiest pool into which she'd ever considered diving.

As per John's instructions, Jackie had been keeping a sharp eye on the
Nebraska born beauty from the moment she first walked into the house, some two
months prior.
"Good evening, Anne. Mind if I sit with you?"
socialized Jackie, just after Barbara's body stopped sharing the responsibility
of sustaining the weight of its upright posture.
Annette Spalding turned to look up at her latest, close
acquaintance, and smiled, "Hi. Sure."
"Anything I can get you?"
Anne smiled. "How about the Greek god you were just
teasing the hell out of." (Jackie loved to tease.)
'Figures,' she thought while glancing over at her latest
challenge. "He's too new here. But if you really want to pursue him, I may
be able to help you out."
Annette looked back at the monitor just as a blank-green
screen replaced the image of Barbara's near fainting countenance. She smiled
and turned to her new partner in crime, lost the smile, and said, rather boldly
"Introduce me."
Jackie raised her right eyebrow a bit. "Give me a few
minutes to set things up." With that, she stood and walked slowly to Paul
Conrad's side. They stood watching the monitor for a minute before Annette's
agent pitched her case. "Still want to get into one tonight?"
His comeback was not unexpected. "Ready whenever you
are."
Jackie did her best to suppress a grin. "First, you must
do me a favor."

Annette always came to the house dressed for action. 'This ought to knock his
socks off,' she expected as she stood and primped in front of the full-length
mirror in guest room 7. A barely legal, black teddy, cut low, both front and
back, highlighted her exquisite figure in such a way as to suggest she was not
only ready for some serious bondage, but that, if her binder chose to, thanks to
the two snap buttons at the crotch, he could easily access her ever-moistening
quiver whenever he wished. 'He'll have to remove the panty hose first,' teased
Annette in advance of her green light-activated, consort's arrival.
The six-inch, patent leather pumps were still in her bag.
She'd decided not to take them out and put them on until her hero knocked at the
door.

Meanwhile, down in the 'dungeon,' Barbara watched her two hooded keepers
inflate a mattress on the floor in front of her. She would soon be naked and
napping on its slick, rubber surface, under the soft-warmth of a red comforter.
A pillow was also provided. As wiped as she was, the thought of going home never
entered her currently supercharged expectations. 'Good thing I bathed before
coming here.'

"Remember, now," instructed Jackie as she and Paul Conrad stood in
front of the door to Annette Spalding's room, "you're gay, though not
apparently, she's married, and all you have to do in the fantasy is bind her
sensually and leave. Got that?"
"Where will you be?"
Jackie turned and pointed to the door on the other side of the hallway. "In
the attic, waiting..." A very delicate kiss and a reassuring hand pat on
her playmates chest gave Paul every reason to believe he would soon have his
dream date twitching with wildly abandoning, sensual deprivation before the
clock struck one.

Annette was pressing her lips together at the vanity mirror to finish
applying the last coat of lipstick when her date's three door-knocks broke the
hypnotic fantasy spell in which she'd been lost since entering the room. A jolt
of anticipating fear pierced her heart as she came back to 'reality' and
unscrewed the lipstick back into its gold-plated cylinder. "Well now,"
said Annette Spalding to herself in the mirror, "I guess it's show
time." She tried to smile, but the deliciously serious wave of erotic
energy that possessed her simply would not let her. She stood, walked to the
four-poster, sat, and reached for her bag, from which she removed the
skyscrapers. Paul watched Jackie disappear down the staircase, checked himself
out in the mirror to the right of the door, and put both hands in his pockets
before remembering his role in the fantasy-to-come. 'Gay, but not apparently;
aggressively dominant, and the gear is in the wicker chest at the foot of the
bed.'
...The door opened. Annette managed a tiny smile, and said in
a sexy-soft tone, "What took you so long?"

Given her ready-for-action delivery and pose, Paul Conrad took a second or
two to collect himself. "...Stuck in traffic," was all his pleasantly
surprised expectations could come up with. Anne had slipped into a sky-blue,
silk robe, selected from the many accessories hanging in the closet. "Come
in."
Paul entered dutifully, closing the door behind him. "I
like your hair that way."
Annette's long, straight, blond hair flowed gracefully down to her waist,
dancing prettily as she walked and animated her head to achieve a desired
effect. Since she had no idea what was going to happen next, Paul's damsel
decided to prim at the vanity until her date made the next move. As she sat she
said, "Give me a minute, won't you?"
Paul glanced over at the wicker basket, and back at the
reflection of his latest fantasy lady in the mirror. They exchanged simultaneous
winks. "How long will your husband be away?"
Annette watched him head for the basket and remove his tan,
corduroy jacket, which he threw on the bed. "He won't be back till
Tuesday."
"Ponytail your hair and take off the robe," said
Paul Conrad in a tone of voice more appropriate for the occasion.
'Oh-geeze,' realized Annette when she saw Paul remove a
five-foot length of quarter inch nylon rope from the chest. A kinky rush of
rapturous excitement compelled her to comply before her binder's reflection
reached her side. "Yes-sir."

When his did, she was ready to do anything her current green light might have
in mind. "Hands behind your back." Paul knelt while Anne finished up
the ponytail, removed the robe from her arms and shoulders, and let it drop to
the bench. Her hesitation prompted a stricter tone from her fantasy man.
"Behind your back, palms facing."

Anne did what she was told, and felt the sensual caress of rope expertly bind
her wrists together. The look on her face in the mirror engendered a 'Wow' as
Paul did the cinch tightly, sending a shiver of overwhelming sexual energy
racing through his damsel's awareness. 'Oh'mah-gosh,' commented Annette Spalding
as her memory raced back to the day, twenty years before, when the experience of
being bound by a man first impacted her virgin awareness of things B/D kinky. In
the interim, there had been a few other awkward experiences, but none with a
perfect stranger. This was her hidden fantasy, the reason she'd relented to the
B/D party invitation a good friend had passed on to her: to be bound by a man
she'd never met before, in a situation as close to completely foreign to her
experience as possible.
"Turn around," said Paul, in a much stricter tone,
after securing three tight knots in the wrist configuration.
As she did, Anne tested its ropes and instantly realized there would be no
escaping the situation she waited her whole life to explore at the house.

As Barbara awoke from her brief nap, the sensation of having her wrists and
ankles separately adorned with padded leather cuffs reminded her awareness of
where she was, and why she was there. The subtle soreness between her legs was
the next physical perception to make itself known to Barb's slowly rising brain
wave activity. 'Now what's happening?' Her question was soon answered when
Jackie and her two assistants knotted the ends of four, 3/8ths inch thick lines
to the rings in the wrist cuffs and ran them to four other rings embedded in the
walls in front and in back of their damsel's now restlessly writhing nakedness.
As the slack was removed, Barbara quickly realized she was being spread-eagled,
on her stomach, to points on the walls that were a good two feet above the
height of the mattress. Her extremities were soon stretched to the limits of
their surprised extendedness. 'Oh-boy.'

Before Jackie and friends left their charge to her next deliberation, the
air-escape valve on the mattress was covertly opened a smidgen, and Barbara's
body completely covered with the comforter. With eyes still closed, her head
continued to rest on the pillow. It was only after the door was slammed and
locked that she dared to open them.
"Damsel Barbara?" asked John from his headset at
the bar.
"...Yes?" She was now breathless with expectation.
The emotionless tone of her master's voice sent a shiver of
uncomfortable uneasiness racing up and down Barbara's spine. "Have you
decided yet?"
Barbara's ignorance was genuine. "...On what?"
"On how you would like to approach your newfound
submissiveness?" John smiled at his damsel's apparent memory loss.
She chose her words carefully, while the faint recollection
of her trainer's input during her explosions on the pole surfaced somewhat.
"Could you run those options by me again?"

While he did, Paul Conrad finished binding Annette Spalding on the vanity
bench, and Jackie changed into a 'come-and-fuck-me' outfit in front of a
full-length wall mirror in her room. Skin-tight, black-leather skirt, to within
two inches of her crotch; skimpy-red, bare midriff, tank top, and red-leather
skyscrapers. No underwear or makeup, and a designer perfume designed to drive
the new, already very hot-and-bothered man in her life up every wall in the
house. Annette gazed up from her bed, trying desperately to get a handle on what
her man was up to as he smiled and stood from the tying of the last knot in her
nearly mummified wantonness. The gag was handkerchief stuffing, and strapless
red ball, held in by several turns of tightly wound Elastoplast.
John watched from the bar. "The new guy is pretty
good."
Chris agreed. "It'll be interesting to see how Jackie
handles him."
When Paul reached for his jacket, an uncomfortable thought
sped through Anne's thinking. 'Where the hell is he going?'
Her perfect stranger did his lines slowly, and with extreme
self-control. "If I had one heterosexual bone in my body, I'd give you the
ride of your life..."
The revelation was nothing short of devastating to Annette's
expectations.
"...But I have promises to keep, and an impatient bitch
waiting for me in the attic, and I don't think either he or I can stand another
minute apart... If you're wondering why things worked out the way they did,
remember, there are things going on through this network you couldn't possibly
fathom. I'm just following orders- nothing personal. All will be made plain to
you before the sun comes up." He put on the jacket and sat next to Anne's
now-frantically writhing form. Her breasts strained and bulged beautifully from
beneath the tight-fitting teddy. Paul could not take his eyes off of them.
"May I touch them?"
Annette's fully extended and intricately bound body language
cried out for attention. "Mmuhuhuh!"

Paul placed his hand on her stomach, rubbed it a bit, and grabbed the crotch
rope gently. His eyes never left his bindee's breasts. "There's just
something about a woman's upper body that fascinates me." His delivery was
decidedly clinical, while, down below, the hard on beneath his lose-fitting
slacks screamed for attention. He pulled on the crotch rope until Anne's body
was dragged across the slippery-satin surface of the bed.
"MMMUHUH!" she groaned as the feel of rope pressure
made itself known to her wildly excited wetness.
Paul's hand relented when the desired distance was achieved,
then gradually moved up Anne's torso and onto her waiting right breast, where he
cupped and lightly caressed its heaving vulnerability until his palm started to
make a major difference in the sensual disposition of its now-hardened nipple.

Meanwhile, back on Barbara's case, the interrupted nap she had let got to
earlier was again cut short by the feel of her body having to adjust to a
sensation she'd never experienced before. 'What's happening?' She was
wide-awake in seconds with the realization that the tension in her limbs had
increased by a good 200%. It soon became obvious to her reasoning that the air
mattress had lost half of its sustaining pressure. "Good grief." Her
body was now fully stretched to the limits of its outraged potential.
"John?" she asked sheepishly. But an answer was not forthcoming.
"...John!"

Paul could not resist the temptation to undress Annette's billowing mounds.
They were now fully exposed and lifted considerably by the pressure of
over-stretched teddy material now pressing firmly under each. He was finding it
more and more difficult to leave the room and his 'favor' to her ever-begging
passion. But duty called, and he knew Jackie was not the kind of woman one kept
waiting if one had a mind to thoroughly incapacitate her unto the kinky vision
he'd so carefully and constantly been putting together in his mind's eye since
she first caught his discriminating attention. "Why does everything have to
happen in bunches?" He commented to the wench in hand.
"Hmm?" was all she could say.
Paul reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out what, at
first, appeared to be a tube of toothpaste, which he opened. Annette watched as
he squeezed out about an inch-worth of its contents, replaced the cap, and put
the new wrinkle in the night's adventure back into his pocket. He was soon
smearing equal quantities of the ointment onto Annette's nipples. The remaining
residue was applied to whatever part of her crevice to which the five-knotted
crotch rope would allow access.
Annette swooned and writhed in her titillated disappointment
and confusion, doing her best to deal with a situation that could only be
described as impossible. "Mmuhmuhmuhmuh!"
"Don't worry, me beauty," assured Paul Conrad,
"the night is generous to damsels of your caliber. I'm sure the powers that
be will not be unkind to your uninhibited needs."

Anne watched her green light stand and leave the room, without slamming the
door, and wondered, 'What the fuck is going on here?!' She immediately dove into
an all-out attempt at escape. Every four inches of her body was either cinched
or wrapped with quarter inch nylon line. Any lower body movement had an effect
on the knotted rope between her legs, which ran from her waist, in front, to her
bound wrists in back, and down to the mid thigh cinch as well. At first, the
cream on her nipples and crotch was cool and soothing. It soon turned hot as
well, and prickly. 'I feel like a freaking salami. Damn! I did not come here to
be sensually tortured.'
No, she hadn't, but she'd also refused to fill out a
preference form, which would have given her a good deal more control over the
situation than she now had. Anne simply did not wish to tell her hosts more
about herself than her pride and caution were willing to divulge, a mistake she
now regretted with every twitch, moan and writhing motion she could think of.
'Why didn't I listen to Marnie's advice?' Marnie was the friend who passed on
the invitation that placed Anne in her current situation in the first place. It
suddenly occurred to her the growing epicenter between her legs was slowly but
irreversibly heading in a direction all to familiar to her sensually aggravated
awareness. 'Oh-God. If I didn't know better, I'd swear this craziness was about
to do something completely different from whah... Oh... Wow....'
John turned to Chris and said, "A buck says he comes
back after he gets the best of Jackie."
"You're on."

It took all of Paul's self-control to tear himself away from Anne's writhing
passion. Now as he stood at the attic door, contemplating his next move, and
wondering what Jackie had in mind, a thought crossed his. 'Why would any woman
as spectacular looking as Anne want to be tied up by a gay guy and left alone
for God-knows-how-long?'
When Jackie heard the attic door open, she punched off Annette's multiple image
on the big screen TV across from the couch from which she stood, placed the
remote on the end table to her right, crossed her arms under her 36, double Ds,
spread her legs as far as the skirt would allow, in order to establish the
dominant side of her persuasion, and dead-panned her pretty features to make as
square one a statement as she felt the situation called for.

All 33 candles were burning, and the overhead, 40-watt bulb was out when Paul
reached the top of the stairs. The look that passed between he and his next
adventure could not have been more benign. "Nice place you have here."
"Works for me," parried Jackie. "Is she
resting uncomfortably?"
Paul walked to within a foot of her face. "I hope not.
Love your outfit."
"Do you now. Why don't you take off your jacket and get
comfortable."
"Why don't you tell me where the gear is."
They exchanged sly grins
"What for?"
"Are you not fit to be tied? You're certainly dressed
for it."
Jackie put her hands on Paul's shoulders. The heels gave her
a one-inch height advantage. She smiled, with her mouth only, "I'm dom,
also."
"...So?"
"So," said John's favorite Mistress-in-training as
she walked to the couch, sat, sprawled her arms out on it's black-leather back
rest, and crossed her legs, "how's about we see what you've got
underneath?"

Paul took a quarter out of his right pants pocket and flipped it into the
air. "Are you feeling lucky tonight?"
When he caught and slapped it onto the back of his left hand he said, "Call
it. Winner decides who's in charge."
Jackie raised her brows a bit and pressed her full,
expressive lips together in mock surprise. "And what happens if I lose the
toss?"
From the moment Jackie punched off the TV, Annette had been
listening to the verbal exchange through the four corner speakers in her room,
and staring up at herself in the ceiling mirror above the bed. 'What the fuck is
going on here?'
"...Guess," smiled Dom Paul.
Dom Jackie took a deep breath and folded her arms under her
breasts again. "Will it be my turn next if I do?"
"OK."
"You call it."
Without hesitating, Paul said, "Heads." and showed
George Washington's profile to the latest Damsel in his life.
"Shit," she grimaced as her dominant leg began to
dance up and down and the other lights in the room came up to a level that would
ensure high definition, video photography.
John broke into the pregnant pause while Paul wondered what
the hell was going on. "Mind if we put this on tape?"
Jackie had no choice in the matter. Her new playmate did. He
thought a second and said, "Only if I get a copy on DVD before I leave
tonight."
"You got it."

The monitor in Annette's room was suddenly filled with what was going on in
the attic. By now, she had thoroughly succumbed to the tantalizing sensations
only a woman in sensual bondage can truly appreciate. It was obvious Jackie was
not going to completely cooperate with the way things had worked out. She
watched as her winner removed his jacket and sat down next to her on the couch.
"Kiss me," said Paul Conrad.
Jackie immediately took advantage of her yet-to-be-lost, physical freedom
by grabbing her hunk by the face and planting a soft, but passionately sustained
kiss on his immediately reciprocating enthusiasm. 'If I can't get him one way,
I'll get him another.'
The feel of long, sexy fingers- making love to his face made Paul want to get to
the main course as soon as possible. The TV room was suddenly abuzz with low-key
crowd noises. Bets were made, attentions peaked, and an air of fun expectation
slowed down activity at the bar to a trickle, giving John a chance to attend to
Barbara's stretch in the dungeon.

Annette was nuts with kinky abandon, thrashing and rolling around on her bed
in a passionate display of inexplicable need. 'Not again?' she wondered as a fit
of detached amazement gripped her innards when yet another multiple-to-be press
released its coming consummation into the virgin territory of her belated
experience. The sight of her, jackknifing frantically, to help things along with
crotch rope action, reflected back at Annette in the 8 by 6 mirror above. All
she could think was 'This can't be happening.' The action in the attic flashed
back at her on the TV in the corner, giving the moment an outrageous
contradiction to ponder in the ongoing dilemma of Anne's first experience at
the house.

And Barbara asked as he reached the ends of her ropes, "Hey- is anyone
out there?... John? Anybody. The air mattress sprung a leak." All but 32
pounds of her body weight were evenly distributed and suspended by the four
tethers tied to the wrist and ankle cuffs. As the countdown to 138 pounds
continued, so did her realization of the fix, and the possible ramifications
thereof. 'These guys play rough... Why the hell do I still want to play?'
The door swung open. John walked in with ball gag in hand.
"Make up your mind yet?"
Barbara stared up at her hunk and spoke her mind.
"Huh?"
The gag was immediately stuffed into her mouth, and strapped tightly at the nape
of the neck. Then the almost empty air mattress was removed and tossed in a
corner. Something else replaced it, something Barbara could not see, given the
angle her upper body was forced to deal with in relation to how her pussy now
stood with regard to the new gizmo directly below it. After John adjusted its
height, plugged it in, and turned it on, he walked to the door and gave this
order to its sentinel. "Ask her again in about an hour." The door was
then slammed and locked.
"Ahnnahnahn!" protested Barbara. 'They're not
serious?' ...The wall-to-wall quiet of the room was now subtly underscored by
the soft, vibrating sound emanating from a spot directly under her moist and
sore pussy. Barbara stopped struggling to listen. When she did, her body relaxed
into a more extended and lower elevation, allowing the feel of something hard
and hyperactive to lightly caress her once-again-twitching cunt lips. A split
second later, and without the slightest hesitation, Barbara did her best to
increase the pressure between her and what was obviously some kind of electronic
teaser. "Ahnnnnahnnn."

Meanwhile, up in the attic, Paul's self-control was doing all he could to
keep from making wild and passionate love to Jackie's uninhibited intentions.
The ploy was obvious to all concerned. "What are you doing?" he asked
between mouth-watering kisses.
"Taking control," whispered Jackie before grabbing
her dom's vitals and bombing him with another medley of seductive reasoning.
Since he didn't know where the toy stash was, she figured there was nothing he
could do until she told him. He wasn't wearing a tie, either.
Paul considered his options and congratulated himself for having had the
foresight to stuff his pockets with a few lengths of rope, taken from the wicker
chest, while selecting the ones he used on Annette.
"Are you really going to leave her like that for an
hour?" asked Chris in as mocking a tone as he could when John reappeared on
station.
"No," smiled Barbara's trainer. "Only until
she's finished with whatever she has in mind."

And Jackie thought, when Paul manipulated and pinned her elbows together
behind her back, 'OK, sport, now what are you going to do.' The feel of thick
rope binding them together instantly wiped the smile off her face as all the
doms in the TV room let loose a symphony of "All rights!", "Good
moves!" and such for about two and a half seconds. Jackie didn't bother
struggling while her wrists were tied, palm-to-palm, and Paul taunted, "You
will tell me where the toys are, or suffer the frustrating consequences."
It was soon his heroine's turn to lose control to the building passion now
invading her crevice at the speed of light. Jackie's forearms were then lashed
to her tiny waist and tightly cinched in back. She felt her winner stand from
the couch, watched him walk to the middle of the room, and begin to remove his
shirt.
"Where's the toy chest," he said dryly while
unbuttoning his right shirt cuff and staring pointedly down at his current, D/s
consort.
Jackie looked up at him defiantly. "You find it."

Barbara was now totally lost in her space and circumstance, completely
emptied of thoughts concerning school, family, or anything else that might have
been on her mind when she entered the house. All she wanted was the feel of
whatever it was that John had planted under her now-throbbing pussy. Though she
didn't immediately realize it, the weight of her body had been slowly stretching
the nylon lines her keepers had chosen to tether her limps to the walls. Add to
this simple, but ingenious fix the extent to which her figure was, millimeter-by
millimeter, continually stretching and straining for position, and it didn't
take more than seven minutes to achieve the desired effect. "AHANNNN!
Ahnahnahnahnn!" commented Barbara when the next multiple was within a few
minutes of meltdown. 'An hour?! I don't need an hour. Oh-my-Gahahah...!!!'

Paul had stripped down to just his slacks and briefs. The huge bulge in his
crotch stared Jackie in the face, just an inch away, as her man stood, with legs
spread wide apart, in front of her sitting sexiness. Her ankles had been crossed
and bound, her lower thighs tightly secured together as well.
"Where?" asked Paul, softly... OK, have it your
way. With that, he grabbed her shoulders, pulled her lips up to his, and took
control of her self-control by humping, groping and kissing her madly for the
next several minutes. Mistress Olivia watched the heated exchange from her
observation post in the TV room.
John interrupted her train of thought with a headset instruction. "I want
Barbara in my bed in ten minutes. Don't bind her, just tell Kath and Pat to help
you carry her up there."
"Yes, sir, " ten-foured Olivia before thinking,
since she had only recently come on duty, 'Who the hell is Barbara?'
"She's in the dungeon," remembered John.
"I'm on my way."

When Paul dropped Jackie back onto the attic couch she was hotter than a
firecracker whose fuse was extinguished just before it had a chance to reach
silver powder. "Where?"
In a tone of voice that reflected both extreme frustration
and betrayed rage, Jackie wondered, "Do I get more of the same if I don't
tell you?"
Paul walked to the nearest candle, picked it up, and turned
to say, "Ever had your nipples hot-waxed before?"
Jackie squirmed in her uneasiness. "Be careful, stud.
Remember, when I'm out of this it will be your turn to answer the same
question?"
"I take it you've decided to keep your little
secret."
His damsel said nothing.
"Under the couch pillows," informed Chris from the
bar.
Paul smiled and said, "Thanks, whoever you
are."
"You are more than welcome. The gags are in the chest
under the TV."

Annette was resting when her door swung open and Paul appeared with a very
bound and gagged Jackie in his arms. The skirt had been removed, and top torn
off. He kicked the door closed and walked to the bed. "Wake up, my
sweet."
Anne opened her eyes to the sight she never expected to see,
and writhed a bit in her lack of understanding.
"Are you married?"
She nodded a 'yes.'
When we were introduced downstairs, were you hoping to get
sexually involved?"
'Yes.'
"Then your fantasy did not call for my being gay,"
clarified Paul.
'No.'
He looked deeply into Jackie's eyes and said, "You've
been a very naughty girl." He then looked down at Anne and said, "So
have you," before dumping his bundle on the bed and heading for the gear
chest.

Jackie's heeled feet had been bound and seriously cinched together with
3/8ths inch line at the insteps. Another line was soon tied to that cinch. It
continued up behind her legs to the crotch rope, under which it was threaded and
led beck to the knee/thigh cinch, where it was also threaded and pulled through
until the heels could go back no further. Three tight knots maintained things.
Jackie's heels now almost touched her hands. Of course, all the leg cinches
tightened considerably at the calves, knees and thighs.
Paul addressed his next important question to Annette.
"Were you expecting someone?"
'No.'
He turned to Jackie and spoke a possible scenario. "I
have a feeling someone will show up soon." He scoped the grandfather clock
in the corner. "...Say around 1:30?"
Jackie fisted and flared her fingers when a sickening rush of
justice filled every fiber of her being. It was 1:21 AM, and the horny,
21-year-old she'd been teasing the shit out of for the past several weeks was
due to arrive any minute.
"Have a good one," warned Paul Conrad as he picked
Annette up in his arms and carried her to the door.

"Hi, kid," welcomed Chris at the bar. "What
can I get you?"
Jackie's terribly teased victim took another look at his
wristwatch and ordered, "Uh, orange juice, please."
"One OJ coming up. Would you like something hard in
that?" It was 1:35.
"No thanks, I don't do liquor," stipulated Billy
Finch. "Can you tell me how to get to guest room 7?"

Before Paul Conrad had left the attic, with Jackie in his arms, he'd checked
out the couch to see if it was a convertible. It was. He and Anne were on its
opened comfort, watching Jackie's formidable escape attempt on the big screen in
front of them, and doing whatever it was they had to do to make the best of
their situation. Its 33 candles generated the only other light in the room.
Annette was now naked and bound to the bed, her wrists crossed and lashed
together, and tethered to its head, her legs spread wide apart and tethered to
the framework. Paul was extracting another palm-full of icy-hot ointment from
the tube in his jacket pocket. Ball gagged as she was, all his bondage-curious
damsel could do was wait and watch Jackie on TV, and her Greek god, who was also
naked, 'live.' Once again, the cream felt good, going on...

**Part Six**

Billy Finch's experience with real time bondage began and ended with two
sessions, in the back of his red van, on two consecutive nights, with an ex
girlfriend. Both encounters were brief and awkward, but the less-than-desired
results did much to convince him that he had a lot to learn about how to handle
a woman's bondage curiosities. Both he and his novice damsel were 15 at the
time.

Jackie's teasing ways had been priming him incessantly since the night they
first made eye contact, giving her new conquest abundant, but misguided reason
to believe he would someday enjoy the pleasure of thoroughly binding and
appreciating her uncommonly kinky nature. What he didn't know, given their age
difference, and his painfully obvious lack of practical experience, was that she
had no intention of letting him have his fantasy-driven way with her. Jackie's
weakness for Ryan O'Neal types with hard bodies made it an absolute shoe-in that
if anyone was going to get tied up and teased to distraction, it would be the
21-year-old hunk with the big-brown eyes, the '99 Corvette, and the cute
little smile John's latest trainee was bound and determined to wipe off Billy's
perennially haphazard features.

Three knocks on the door to guest room seven interrupted Jackie's second
intense escape attempt. As the door swung open, an autonomic tug on the crotch
rope caused a flood of over-the-top, orgasmic energy to overwhelm her already
gushing vitals. The sight of Billy Finch's boyish persona was all it took to
trigger the first bondage multiple. Since its commanding insistence could
neither be avoided nor controlled, Jackie decided to let go completely to the
situation, regardless of how diametric it was to her foiled agenda. Her
dumbfounded 'conquest' closed the door behind him and stepped gently into the
room, without once diverting his gaze from the spectacular sight of Jackie's
beautifully bound and constructed body on the bed. Billy's jaw dropped, his
erection pressed hard against the under and outerwear surrounding it, and an
out-of-control short circuit of sorts erupted from within the deepest reaches of
his psychosexual innards. 'Radical.'
Jackie's sensual convulsions screamed for attention, begging
uninhibitedly for the touch of her unwitting date's fingers on her hardened
nipples. "Mmmuh!"

Without hesitation, or conscious deliberation, Billy moved to the right side
of the bed and sat on its hard, silky surface, his eyes wide with wonder, his
heart pounding with unreasonable excitement. Jackie's multiple continued without
mercy as she breathed deeply to expand her enticing chest, doing her best to
snake her way closer to Billy's peaking astonishment. His date's frantic body
language spoke volumes to the moment's madness, compelling Mr. Finch to reach
out and grab hold of Jackie's left nipple with the thumb and index fingers of
his right hand. His mouth followed quickly, engulfing his captive's swanlike
neck in a teasing barrage of delicate caresses, hot breathing, and passionate
kisses.
"Muhmuhmuh." appreciated Billy's first 'unwilling'
damsel as the spasms and pleasurable writhing exploded spectacularly against the
outer cutting edges of both their experiences. A long tug on the crotch rope
compounded Jackie's pleasure to a level it rarely reached, giving her date a
taste of power he'd never realized before.
His first words were "like that, do you?"
"MMMMUHUHUH!!!" Jackie closed her eyes and relished
every delicious nuance in the classic symphony of her bridled passion.
Billy's softly spoken utterances were pointedly designed to
make certain his thrashing damsel would continue to expand the volcanic horizon
of her experience, too. "Don't worry, bitch, you're gonna get everything
that's coming to you." A tug on the crotch rope punctuated the clich'.
"All ten inches of it."

Meanwhile, back in the attic, Anne's thrashing frustration did its best to
capture the attention of her new playmate, who, for the last several seconds,
had been standing, naked, in front of the room's monster TV screen, with his
hardness in hand, and a complete disregard for his damsel's frantic gyrations.
He was, however, taking in every moan and groan she uttered from behind the gag
in her gorgeous, ready-for-anything mouth. A vibrating dildo was inserted where
it would do the most good, controlled by a remote that Paul held in his free
hand. Whenever the action on screen intensified, the press of a button shifted
the much-appreciated device into its next highest gear, of which there were
four. The icing on Annie's cake was the ointment her date had so liberally and
specifically smeared on parts of his damsel's body that seemed the most
vulnerable to its itching, prickly, temperature swings.
"MMMUHUHUH!" Screamed Anne when her tolerance and
temper cried out for a more definitive consideration.
"Be patient, my sweet," assured Paul. "The
night has hours to go, and I'm in no hurry to make any premature
decisions."
Billy Finch had just stepped away from Jackie's last spasm.
While unbuttoning his shirt, he said, "It's show time."
Paul pressed the speed bump on the remote to shift the dildo
into 4th gear.
Annette screamed at the top of her lungs to get his attention, for the two
inch thick, rough surfaced pussy prodder had, thanks to her undulating
impatience, and the lubrication of both the ointment and her own bodily fluid,
all but slipped out of its gushing counterpart, and was but 2 inches away from
dropping onto the soaked sheets below. "MMMMUHUHUHUH!!!"

Barbara Gwenn was asleep on the bed in John's room, dreaming of things kinky,
and doing her best to keep from waking from an adventure that had inspired her
moistened tunnel to once again take uninhibited control of the evening's
outrageous partying. Her trainer lay beside her, also naked, and delightfully
focused on his damsel's subtly undulating facial expressions. A tiny smile
graced his face. The evening had been an unqualified success. Almost everyone
had gotten what he or she came for, and not one negative incident had the spirit
of the party. Hundreds of feet of videotape was ready for edit, and Billy Finch
had, at last, come to terms with Sub/Dom Jackie.
"John?" whispered Barbara, when her sensual hunger
forced consciousness to invade the moment.
"Right here, milady."
Her eyes popped open, took a few seconds to focus and clear,
and went wide with wonder. "Where am I?"
"Where you were always meant to be. Are you
hungry?"
Barbara Gwenn smiled and spoke the first thought that came to
mind. "Depends on what the menu has to offer." They kissed gently...
"Mmmm. I like the way you cook. What's the main course?"
Before John's lady could enjoy another bite, she was roughly
rolled over onto her stomach. Within a matter of seconds, her wrists were
crossed and tightly bound together behind her back with several turns of thick,
nylon rope. She closed her eyes, laid her cheek down on the silky surface of the
mattress, and asked, "When do I get to tie you up?"

The end
