---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sophie's Ransom
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- n-a
---

Chapter 1

We had agreed as part of the fantasy that I would 'kidnap' Sophie and
keep her prisoner, in bondage, from Friday night until Sunday morning when
I would get the ransom from her rich father.  To keep us 'in role'
we also agreed that if she either got totally free of her bondage or set
foot outside the house then the game would end there and then, I'd have
to buy her dinner at a restaurant of her choice and I would have to be
her 'sex slave' next weekend!!!.

Sophie and I met after work on Friday for a drink, followed by a meal. 
She looked as stunning as ever in a short, tight, black dress and black
high-heeled sandals.    After a very pleasant evening I
hailed us a taxi and we headed back to her apartment.  When we arrived
Sophie poured us both a drink then went to her bedroom to pack her 'weekend'
bag for staying over at my house.

She had assumed that we would be getting a cab over to my place and
start 'playing' when we got there.   What she didn't know was
that I'd planned a bit more of a surprise.  During lunch I'd arranged
cover at work, gone home and got my car, thrown my bag of 'toys' into the
boot (trunk) then driven over to Sophie's where I'd parked it in the next
street before returning to work.   I sneaked out of her apartment
and ran to my car where I got the holdall full of  ‘toys’ then ran
back Sophie's.  It had only taken about three or four minutes and
fortunately she was still in her bedroom.  I took a pair of handcuffs,
a ballgag and a small coil of rope from the bag and hanging them from the
back of my trouser belt I joined Sophie.

She finished packing her bag and was sitting at her dressing table brushing
her hair.  I stood behind her and gave her a hug, kissing her neck
and cheek.  "Are you ready then?” I asked.  "Yes, come on then",
she replied.  As Sophie stood up and turned towards me, I took hold
of her arm, pulling her to me then pulled her past me and flipped onto
her bed, face down.  I quickly cuffed her left wrist then pulling
both arms behind her handcuffed them together.  "I thought we could
play a bit first", I said as Sophie looked back over her shoulder at me.

I lifted Sophie's hips and slid her up onto the bed.  Climbing
on
myself, I knelt astride her waist, pinning her arms underneath me and against
her back.  I started tickling her ribs, which got her laughing and
struggling, and then having distracted her I easily wedged the ballgag
between her teeth and buckled it tight.   I moved myself down
her body so I was sitting on astride her knees rather than her waist. 
Then, I slid her dress up over her hips exposing her black, lacy French
knickers.  I was going to slip her panties down her legs to take them
off, but now decided I didn't need to as I could simply pull the crotch
to one side to gain 'access'.  I turned around, still on her knees
but now facing her feet and pulling the length of rope from my belt, I
crossed Sophie's ankles and tied them tight.  I climbed off her, and
with Sophie now watching me, took off my clothes.  "Guess what's next",
I said, then getting back onto the bed, I knelt astride her knees and lifted
her hips up so she was kneeling too.

The main difference being Sophie had her hands cuffed behind her, her
ankles tied crossed, her mouth ballgagged, her head was down on the bed
and ass was in the air was ready and available.  I pulled her panties
to the side and slid myself slowly into her soaking wet pussy.

After a very satisfying fuck for both of us, I got up off the bed and
used my trouser belt to join her handcuffs and ankle ropes, leaving Sophie
hogtied and still gagged on the bed.  "Back in a minute - don't fall
off", I told her and went to the hallway, returning a few moments later
with my holdall full of toys.  "Surprise - your kidnapping has started
early", I informed her, "now relax while I get you ready for your journey". 
Sophie started protesting behind her ballgag, but could do nothing about
her current predicament - and she knew it!!

"I won't blindfold you until right at the end, that way you'll be able
to see just what a helpless sex kitten you are", I told her.  With
that, I started getting Sophie ready for her ordeal.  Firstly I removed
the belt holding her in a hogtie then took off her dress.  Before
removing her handcuffs, to get her dress off her arms, I used a 1" leather
strap to bind her elbows together.   I then replaced the handcuffs
with a leather single armbinder.  With her hands enclosed in the leather
mitten at its end I tightened the wrist strap before removing the strap
around her elbows.   I then pulled the armbinder up Sophie's
arms, securing it around her elbows and began tightly lacing it up at the
back.  Sophie hadn't seen the armbinder before today, but was certainly
trying to get a good look now, straining to see over her shoulder. 
I greeted her look with a "Nearly finished" and pulled the two top straps
over her shoulders, crossing them in front of her, drawing them back under
the opposite arm and buckling them tightly to the top of the armbinder.

The strap I had used on her elbows, I now used around her waist, pinning
her arms tightly against her back.    I pulled her panties
down to her ankles, and then I used one more leather strap around her legs,
just above her knees.  This I did not tighten, buckling it loosely,
but then used a small coil of rope to cinch around its middle, between
Sophie's knees.  Removing her ankle ropes enabled me to remove her
panties and left her legs tied but still just able to walk.

I sat Sophie up on the bed so she was facing me.  "As you've probably
guessed by now my car is around the corner", I said to her.  "I'll
pack your bags and drive it up to the front before I load you as well". 
Sophie started mmmphing behind her ballgag and looking from me back and
fro to her own body.  "Don't worry, I'll not take you out of your
apartment naked, but you will be remaining tied.  Now let's make you
comfortable while I pack the car".  I clipped one end of a pair of
handcuffs around her slender ankle then rolled her onto her stomach and
bending her leg back clipped the other handcuff to the 'D' ring at the
end of the armbinder.  Leaving her partially hogtied, I took her two
bags from the apartment and round the block to my parked car.

Within about 5 minutes my car was parked in the road outside Sophie's
apartment block and I was back in her bedroom.  I opened her wardrobe
and took out the knee length black leather coat I'd seen her wear on our
last date.  Returning to the bed I undid the handcuff from her ankle
and the armbinder, and stood her up.  I wrapped the coat around her,
covering her from the chest to knees, and more importantly covering her
bondage.  The buttons at the front only just closed, due to her arms
behind her, but by pulling the waist belt tight it didn't look too bad.
Leaving her standing at the foot of the bed and went to my bag and got
out an old tobacco tin and a pair of sunglasses.   Returning
to Sophie I stood in front of her and wiped a trail of drool from her chin. 
"It's travel time", I told her, and opening the tin took out two pieces
of cotton, about 4" by 1.5" which I'd painted as near to flesh colour as
I could.  I took one piece and wrapped it around the black leather
gag strap between the red ball and Sophie's ear, the tightness of the gag
holding it firmly in place.   I then did the same the other side,
all time with Sophie watching intently.  "Now for your blindfold",
I said and pulled a pair of sun-bed goggles from the tin.  These I
had painted inside and out with black enamel paint, and the thin elastic
band holding them together and onto the head I had also painted flesh coloured. 
I slipped the elastic over Sophie's head and eased the goggles into place,
covering her eyes.  I then put the sunglasses over the top of them,
totally hiding them from view.   "You're still not sure, are
you?” I asked.  Sophie mewed behind her ballgag in response. 
"It's just gone midnight and all your bondage is pretty well hidden," I
told her, "and on the off-chance we are seen by anyone, I'll pull you towards
me for a kiss until they pass - so don't worry".

I led Sophie from her apartment, locked it behind us, then rather than
using the lift I helped her down the one flight of stairs to the ground
floor.  As expected there was absolutely no-one about, (but Sophie
didn't know that!), and we were only about 25 meters from my car. 
Just to wind her up, I quickly spun her to the side, hugged her and pretended
to kiss her.  "It's your neighbour", I whispered into her ear, "but
I don't think she saw us".  Not only didn't she move, but Sophie actually
held her breath!!!.  I eased her back onto the path and got her to
my car.  I opened the back door and helped her in, then pushed her
down across the back seats.  I bent her legs back and using my trusty
trouser belt I tied her ankles crossed and then up to the 'D' ring on her
armbinder, securing her in tight hogtie.  I rolled Sophie towards
me so she was on her side, facing the front of the car, then anchored her
legs and waist using the rear seatbelt.  I wrapped the centre rear
seatbelt around her chest, securing her to the seat back.  Lastly
I removed her ballgag and sunglasses, but kept her goggles on, then closed
the rear door and got into the driving seat.

"How's my passenger?” I asked.  "You'd better do a good job of
keeping me tied up", Sophie replied, "or you'll be very sorry if I get
free".  We both laughed, and I drove off telling my sexy captive how
I'd be giving her a good grope every time we stopped at traffic lights.

Chapter 2

Within twenty minutes we were back at my house and parked outside. 
I opened the car door and undid Sophie's seatbelts then her ankle bondage. 
I helped to Sophie to sit up and kissed her passionately.  "Now I've
got you to my hideaway all naked and bound, what do you think will happen
next", I said to Sophie.  She leant forward and kissed me back. 
"Hopefully you'll fuck me all night and then again all day tomorrow", she
laughed.

I helped Sophie out of the car and to my house.  "You can take
these goggles off now Colin", she said, "I know were we are".  "I'll
let you wait a few minutes more", I replied, "I've another little surprise
for you yet".   I took her indoors and straight upstairs, but
into the spare bedroom rather than my own.  Leaving Sophie standing
beside the single bed I removed her leather coat leaving her naked save
for her shoes, and wearing just the armbinder and blacked-out goggles.

I had prepared the room earlier in the day, which was why I'd kept her
blindfolded.  All the furniture except the bed had been removed. 
I had removed the shade from the light, leaving just a bare light-bulb
and that I had replaced with a red-coloured 'nightlight' style one. 
The window was boarded up with a piece of plywood I had cut to fit and
was secured using duct tape around the edges onto the wooden window frame. 
With the duct tape sealing it on all four sides no light at all came through
the window.  The bed had just a bottom sheet on it as I'd kept the
central heating on in the room to keep it nice and warm.  It also
had a leather wrist cuff chained to each of the two top corner of the bed
plus a leather ankle cuff at the bottom corners.  The suitcase containing
all my rope, restraints and other 'toys' was in the room, but the main
reason for the blindfold was the video camera and tripod standing at the
bottom corner of the bed, plugged-in, aimed, focussed and waiting to record
the action.

I turned on the camcorder light and pressed the record button. 
"Ready for your captivity to begin?” I asked her and kissed her deeply
before she could reply.   I led Sophie over to the bed, sat her
down on it and using the leather strap I'd used earlier around her waist,
bound her ankles together, side-by-side.   "I thought you'd want
them apart", joked Sophie.  "Trust me", I replied adding a leather
collar around her neck, which I padlocked in place.   I then
rolled her onto her side, facing away from me and used a coil or rope to
cinch her ankle bindings and tie them down to the bottom left corner of
the bed.   I stood at the side of the bed behind Sophie and taking
hold of her hands through the leather armbinder I told her to bend forwards. 
As she did, I lifted her arms up behind her and using another coil of rope
tied them up to the top corner of the bed, but the same side as I had tied
her ankles.  I let her settle into position then gave her exposed
ass a good smack, which made her wriggle nicely, as well as causing a "Hey,
gently", from Sophie.  I took hold of the ropes binding her arms up
behind her and tightened them down a bit more causing Sophie to bend forward
and stretch a bit further.

Now for the fun bit, I removed my clothes and walked around to the other
side of the bed so Sophie was on her side facing me, but still blindfolded
and in her bent forwards position.  I climbed onto the bed and lay
on my side facing her.  Then I slid my body towards her and moved
my hips up positioning my erection right on her lips.  "It's blowjob
time dearest", I informed her, "and make it a good sloppy one if you value
your comfort for the rest of the night".   "You rotten bastard",
Sophie joked, "I couldn't pull away if I wanted to the way you've tied
me".

That was her last comment before I filled her mouth, and not with a
ballgag this time!!   She gave great blowjobs anyway, but this
was sensational.  Within a minute I was close to coming, but fancied
a quick fuck too, so I pulled out from her mouth, stood up and walked around
the bed behind her.  Even with her legs tied together, her bent forward
position on the bed left her nicely available for me to lay down behind
her and slide into her, 'spoons' fashion.  My entering her brought
requests of "fuck me" and "fuck me now" from Sophie who by now was horny
as hell and desperate for her own orgasm.  Well, I certainly fucked
her hard and fast, as I must have come inside her well within the minute,
and well before she'd come herself.  I lay behind her, holding her. 
"Do you want me to bring you off with the vibrator?” I whispered into her
ear.  "Yes", Sophie replied immediately.

I released the rope holding her arms up behind her and to the bedpost,
then undid the rope fastening her ankles to the bottom bedpost and rolled
her onto her stomach.  I fastened the ankle cuff chained to that corner
of the bed to her right ankle, just above the leather ankle strap still
holding her feet together.   I took off her shoes and released
the ankle bindings, then spreading her legs, fastened the ankle cuff at
the opposite corner to her left ankle.  Sophie was beginning to recover
her composure a bit now, so I turned her head away from the camcorder and
replaced the eye-goggles with padded leather blindfold.  "Hey, there's
no need for another blindfold", Sophie called out.   "I can always
add a ballgag if you want", I replied, "I said I'd make sure you had an
orgasm, not that I'd release you".  I unlaced the armbinder then undid
the straps around Sophie's wrists, elbows and upper arms.  I then
unbuckled the strap at the top right of the armbinder, which came from
the back left, across her chest and over her right shoulder.  
I kept the left shoulder/chest strap fastened which enabled me to lift
and pull Sophie's right free from the armbinder but kept her left trapped
inside.  I lifted her right wrist up to the corner of the bed and
padlocked the leather wrist cuff around it.  It was then simple to
ease her left arm from the armbinder and cuff it to the right headboard
post, leaving Sophie securely spreadeagled face-down and blindfolded.

I slipped a couple of pillows under her hips, to accentuate her availability. 
Then to get her undivided attention I placed the vibrator next to her ear
and turned it on.  "Ready?” I asked.  "Not ready - Desperate",
Sophie replied.  I ran the vibrator down her back, on through her
ass cheeks, then slowly between her lips coming to rest on her clitoris. 
Within minutes Sophie was bucking her hips then climaxing.  
I made sure it was a good long one, and then continue stimulating the rest
of her pussy before attacking her sensitive clit once more.  Sophie
came again and again over the next forty minutes.  All dutifully captured
on the camcorder.

I let her orgasm subside and kneeling behind her on the bed, lowered
myself into her for one last fuck.  After my well-earned rest I managed
to get her to come once more before I too exploded inside her.  I
climbed off her and quietly unplugged the camcorder and removed it with
its tripod to the hallway.  I went back into the bedroom and took
off Sophie's blindfold.  "I hope you enjoyed your surprise tonight,
now for the rest of your captivity this weekend", I said to her as I let
a bit of slack into the four chains attaching her leather cuffs to the
corners of the bed.   I slipped the pillows out from under her
hips.  The top one was wet from her juices, my sweat and come. 
I turned it over and placed it under her head.  "Dry but plenty of
scent I'd imagine", I said to her, "I'll see you in the morning - if you
need anything, just shout, I'll be in the main bedroom".
With that I turned off the light, kissed her and left her alone, still
spreadeagled face down on the bed.

Chapter 3

I probably slept worse than Sophie as I kept checking in on her, only
to find her soundly asleep.  I awoke again about 7am and immediately
felt horny knowing her sexy body was tied to the bed in the next room. 
I jumped out of bed and went to the spare room, where unsurprisingly she
was still naked, spreadeagled and asleep.  I decided against waking
her with a gentle kiss and to stay 'in role' instead.

Just looking at her was getting me hard as rock again.  Well, I
thought to myself, no need for a wank this morning!!  I took a ballgag
and vibrating dildo from the suitcase at the foot of the bed and then closed
the bedroom door placing the room into darkness.  In a few minutes
my eyes had acclimatised and I could just make out Sophie's shape against
the white sheet.  I knelt on the floor next to the bed and by her
hips.  I reached over with the vibrator and turning it on to a low
setting I ran it along her pussy lips and clitoris.  Sophie started
to stir and I turned up the power on the vibrator, concentrating on her
clit.  Now awake, Sophie moaned  "ummmm yes", then said; "now
that's a nice way to start the day".    Soon she was moist
and heading for an orgasm.   I turned the power setting down
to low and moved it off her clit.  "Just keep it there just a bit
longer", Sophie pleaded.  "You seem to have forgotten who is in charge",
I replied, "You've been kidnapped, remember?”   I climbed up
onto the bed and positioned myself between her legs.  Having got her
nice and wet, I slipped inside her with ease and quickly thrust myself
to a satisfying orgasm.  No such luck for Sophie, who was still in
need of more stimulation before she could come!!

I lay on top her, "I'll get breakfast ready, you can have a lie-in",
I said and laughed.  "You bastard, don't leave me like this, bring
me off", Sophie demanded.  I reached down, picked up the ballgag and
kneeling astride her back fixed it firmly in place.  I got off the
bed, went to the door and turned the light on.   Returning to
the bed, and a struggling Sophie, I picked the vibrating dildo off the
bed sheet and held it up to her face.   "More?” I asked. 
Sophie quickly 'mmmmphed' a yes and nodded her head.  Kneeling beside
the bed I reached across her right thigh and started stroking her with
my fingers.  Quickly getting a response I turned the power on to low
and slid the dildo into her.  As I gently pumped it in and out of
her, so Sophie began rocking her hips up to me.  I increased the power
to medium and started thrusting it into her faster.  Sophie's breath
quickened and she started coming. Instantly, I pulled the dildo from her.  
Sophie snapped her head round to see what I was doing.  I kissed her
thigh and said "I'm hungry, I'll get the breakfast now".  It was just
as well she was gagged; boy did she thrash round on the bed cursing me.

I blew her a kiss and left the room, closing the door behind me but
leaving the dim red nightlight on.  I put on a pair of shorts and
went downstairs to sort out the breakfast.  About ten minutes later
I rejoined Sophie in the bedroom with cereals and buttered toast.  
She was cursing me though her gag and wiggling her ass and hips in a 'fuck-me-now'
fashion.  "What's the matter, does my little prisoner want me fuck
her again?” I teased her.  Sophie fixed me with a stare, which easily
translated to "I want you let me come, you asshole".  I decided to
continue teasing her a while longer yet.  I placed the breakfast tray
on the top of the bedside table and stroked her lovely mane of long black
hair.  Dropping my shorts I leant forward and let my erection brush
her cheek.  "You win my love", I told her, "how could I ever resist
you".  I picked up the padlock keys; saying to Sophie, "let me make
you more comfortable".

I unlocked her right ankle-cuff from the chain and closing her legs
I locked it to the chain holding her left ankle-cuff.  I then did
the same with her wrist-cuffs, re-fastening her left one to the chain holding
her right one.  This left Sophie tied diagonally across the bed, so
I easily rolled her from face down to face up.  I unlocked her right
wrist-cuff from the chain holding both it and her left wrist, and locked
it back to the chain at the top right corner of the bed, spreadeagling
her arms once more.  Sophie was watching me with interest when instead
of releasing her right ankle to spreadeagle her legs, I released the chain
holding both ankles to the foot of the bed.  Holding the free end
I lifted both her ankles up, then making her bend at the waist, I locked
it around one of the vertical posts in the centre of the headboard, leaving
Sophie legs over her head and her ass in the air.   Getting two
leather straps from the suitcase I bent her knees, spread them apart and
tied each knee out to its respective elbow leaving her fully exposed and
available to me.

I knelt between her spread legs, and then bending forwards I reached
behind her neck and undid the ballgag.  It took a few moments for
Sophie to work the stiffness out of her jaws, so I put the time to good
use by going down on her and licking, sucking and kissing her sweet pussy. 
By making it as sensual as possible I intended to add to her frustration
of being highly excited but unable to come.   Sure enough, when
she had got her speech back, Sophie was quite clear about her wishes. 
"For fuck's sake will you stop teasing me and fuck me properly", was her
response.   Needless to say I just immersed myself and bringing
her as close to orgasm as I could by giving her spread open pussy a good
licking.  With Sophie tied as open and available as she was I gave
in to both her wishes and my desire and thrust my cock into her repeatedly. 
She stated coming almost immediately, and I wasn't too far behind!!

After Sophie had come twice and I was spent, I unstrapped her knees
and unlocked her ankles from the headboard.  I lowered her legs to
the bed and with her ankles still cuffed together I fastened them to the
footboard.  I then undid the lock holding her wrists to the headboard
and helped Sophie to sit up, albeit with her wrist cuffs still padlocked
around her wrists and joined by a padlock also.  I placed her breakfast
tray in her lap, and sitting next to her on the bed started mine. 
Sophie ate her breakfast, despite questioning the necessity of being chained
to the bed.  "Rules are rules", I reminded her, "unless you're giving
up already?”  Fortunately for my weekend plans, she wasn't.

After breakfast I replaced Sophie's leather wrist cuffs with handcuffs
and using an 18" chain and two padlocks made a pair of ankle cuffs to replace
her leather ones.   Then I led her from the bedroom to the bathroom
and a nice hot bath to relax her from the previous night.   While
Sophie was in the bath I put the portable TV from my bedroom into the spare
room where I was keeping her prisoner.    I let her have
a good soak and helped her towel herself dry and return to the bedroom.  
Keeping her naked I lay her down on the bed and re-fitted the leather ankle
cuffs chained to the foot of the bed.    I buckled a leather
collar around her neck and secured it with a padlock.  I then attached
her handcuffs to a 'D' ring at the front and using the other padlock secured
them too.  The chain I'd just removed from her ankles I used to attach
her collar to the headboard, keeping her secured at head and foot to the
bed, and with her hands held up to her neck.   I turned on the
TV and selected a video for Sophie to watch.  "You just lie there
and relax, I've got some work to be getting on with downstairs", I informed
her, "and don't even think of disturbing me until the movie ends of you'll
suffer some more battery operated frustration".  I left Sophie ungagged
due to the amount of time I was planning to leave her alone, and went downstairs.

Sophie watched the movie I'd left her, or at least I assume she did,
I was busy clearing up breakfast and dumping last nights home movie to
a VHS tape.  When I went back to her room the video had finished and
Sophie had got herself comfortable laying on her side.   I checked
she was okay then left to get a dining room chair, which I took back to
her room with me.     "One more session before lunch",
I told her and unlocked her collar from the bed.  I sat Sophie up
then released her ankles from the foot of the bed and helped her off the
bed, to stand upright.  I used the 18" chain to link her ankle cuffs
then removed the padlock keeping them fixed close together.  "Have
a little walk and stretch your legs.  I'll let you stretch your arms
in a minute", I said.   "What's next?” Sophie asked.  "Nothing
painful, just a little uncomfortable and definitely pleasurable. 
You'll soon find out anyway", I informed her.  About 5 minutes later
Sophie found herself sitting on the chair, (which had a padded base but
no arm rests), but with a 2" wide leather belt locked around her waist
and the chair back.   Another belt just above her breasts held
her chest to the chair.   I chained her ankle cuffs to the bar
underneath and also ran a chain from her collar to the top of the chair
back.  Making sure all the locks were in place I unlocked the handcuffs
from her collar and then released her hands completely.

Sophie had a good stretch and shake of her arms; I even let her test
all the locks holding her to the chair.  "You're not going anywhere,
I can assure you", I said.  "Just checking, you know what I'd do to
you if I won the bet", Sophie replied smiling.   When she'd had
her little rest I took her hands and placed them palm-up in her lap, with
the wrists crossed.  Sophie watched as I tied rope around them and
cinched it tight.  "Ready?” I asked.  "I'm waiting for the catch",
Sophie said.   I looped a doubled-over rope between her wrists
and lifted them up and over her head.  Pulling her hands down behind
her I tied the rope off underneath the chair.  Using more rope I wrapped
it around her upper arms, behind her head, preventing her pulling her arms
forwards and lifting them over her head.  Reaching through from behind
her I eased a ballgag into her mouth and buckled it tight.  
Moving around to her front, I unlocked her left ankle from its leather
cuff and used a 1" leather strap to tie it to her left thigh.  I then
did the same with her right ankle, strapping it to her right thigh. 
Next I pushed a doubled-over rope between her bent leg, behind her knee,
and noosing it I then pulled her knee up and back, tying it to the top
rung of the chair back, by her left shoulder.  Doing the same with
Sophie's right leg left her sitting tied to the chair, her arms over her
head and hands tied behind her neck, and best of all, her legs raised and
knees spread wide.  Totally available to me, breasts, thighs and pussy.

I turned the chair round so she could see the TV, then went and got
the camcorder and tripod from my room.  "It's time for your ransom
video", I told her.  Naked and spread as Sophie was she started protesting
behind her gag and blushed a lovely red colour.  I quickly plugged
the camcorder in and connected it to the back of the TV/video.  Her
picture sprung to live on the screen.  With Sophie mmmphing repeatedly
I inserted a VHS cassette and started recording.  She was actually
sounding quite desperate so I reassured her "Don't panic, it's only a souvenir,
you can have it when you leave here".  Sophie calmed down, but still
wasn't too sure.  She was even less so when I approached her with
a big rubber dildo and said, "Make it a good one for the camera" as I slid
it into her wet pussy.  She did - two minutes of pumping later Sophie
was rocking the chair, panting through her ballgag and orgasming loudly!!

Before Sophie fully recovered I buckled a padded leather blindfold onto
her, the type with a cut-out for the nose.   Removing the dildo,
I taped a vibrator to the seat of the chair so that its end pressed against
her clitoris.  Holding the variable speed control box in my hand I
started it on high, then before Sophie hit another climax I turned it down
to low.  I unfastened her ballgag, "Do you want to cum again?” I asked
her. "Yes, yes, turn it up again", Sophie pleaded.   Being the
gentleman I am, I obliged.  Unknown to Sophie, while she was working
up to another climax, so was I, with my cock only inches from her face
I was wanking vigorously!!  Being a typical male I came first, and
shot my load onto her mouth and chin.  That brought one of Sophie's
usual exclamations, "You bastard", before she surrendered once more to
the inevitable orgasm.  I let her climax then I reached round and
strapped her ballgag back in place, bringing more muffled protests. 
I wiped my cock on her breasts then moved around to stand behind her.  
I reached round and cupped Sophie's breasts, one in each hand.  
Gently playing with her nipples and kissing her neck, with the vibrator
still on high, Sophie was fast approaching another orgasm.  I continued
stimulating her nipples and Sophie climaxed once more.  "I'm off downstairs
to get lunch ready, I'll leave it running on high for you.  See how
many more times you can cum?”
I slammed the door shut but stayed in the room to watch Sophie frantically
pulling on her wrists, bucking her hip and mmmmphing through her gag.

Chapter 4

I let her climax once more then, with her still blindfolded I pinched
one of nipples.  She snapped her head up from her lap, trying to look
around to see me.  I took hold of her chin and kissed her lips around
the ballgag.  "Need a break, lover?” I asked.   Sophie nodded
her head and mmmmphed "hunn hagg hee' through her gag.  I obliged
by turning off the vibrator and removing the ballgag.   Sophie
worked her jaws back into life and said, "Please, I need the toilet badly,
I've nearly wet myself about three times".

I untied Sophie's knees from the top of the chair back then unbuckled
the straps holding her ankles to her thighs.  As Sophie stretched
out her legs I unlocked and removed the belts around her waist and chest,
then untied the ropes holding her hands over her head, behind her neck. 
With her hands in her lap, I untied her wrists leaving her naked except
for her blindfold.  I let her stretch her arms briefly then as I helped
her to stand so she could go to the toilet, Sophie reached up to the blindfold.  
I quickly handcuffed her hands behind her back, preventing her from doing
so.  I then led her out of the bedroom and to the bathroom, sitting
her down on the toilet.  Although Sophie continued requesting the
blindfold be taken off, she was too grateful just to go to the toilet to
make much of a fuss.   I freshened her up with a warm flannel
then led her downstairs, where I fed her lunch while she sat naked, blindfolded
and handcuffed on the sofa.

After lunch, in fact it was now gone 2pm, I let her relax on the sofa. 
I used the locking leather cuffs to hobble her ankles and locked the leather
belt around her waist.  Removing the handcuffs, I locked each of her
wrists in the locking leather cuffs, which I attached to D-rings at the
sides of the waist belt.  With Sophie comfortably secured I removed
her blindfold and held a glass of wine up to her lips.  She smiled,
and took a large sip of wine.  We chatted about how we felt, and I
made sure Sophie was still okay about the role-play.  She assured
me that she was fine, stiff and a bit sore, but fine.  Sophie also
reminded me that she hadn't used the safeword but would when she wanted
out.  We continued chatting and I told her I'd get her in the mood
for some more passion.   I turned on the TV and inserted a videocassette. 
It didn't take Sophie more than a few seconds to see herself come to life
on screen - tied to the bed laying on her side, blindfolded, sucking my
cock!    "I didn't know you filmed that", Sophie exclaimed.  
"There's plenty more", I laughingly informed her.

We watched the video for about fifteen minutes, and then I said to Sophie,
"You can watch the rest later, I've got other plans for you now you've
had your rest".   "I can guess what they are", Sophie replied
as I stood her up.

I led Sophie back upstairs to the spare bedroom and sat her on the bed
with her ankles at one corner.   I tied her right ankle cuff
to the bedpost, then unlocked the padlock connecting both ankles.  
Spreading her legs, I tied the left ankle cuff to the other bedpost.  
While Sophie was still sitting, I buckled the ballgag back into her mouth
and added the leather padded blindfold with the nose cut-out.  
"Fun time", I said to her as I then lay her down and unlocked her left
wrist cuff from the D-ring on her waist belt.    It was
hardly a surprise when I tied it to corner bedpost then did the same with
Sophie's right cuff, leaving her naked and spreadeagled on the bed, with
just a ballgag and blindfold as 'accessories'.

Lifting her hips, I slipped two pillows under her ass, raising her pussy
to a more accessible level for my tongue.  "I'm going to make you
so wet that when I fuck you I can keep it up for ages without coming",
I whispered into Sophie's ear.   I slid down her body, kissing
her neck, then sucking her nipples for a while before licking, sucking
and kissing her pussy in earnest.   Within five minutes Sophie
had the first of her multiple orgasms.   Over the next ten minutes
she had many more as she wriggled against my tongue and fingers, and struggled
against her bonds.

I had one more little surprise planned.  When I got the pillows
for her to rest on, I had also got my mobile phone, which now lay at the
side of the bed.  It was turned on and the keypad tones were set to
'off'.   I picked up the phone and lay it next to Sophie on the
bed as I climbed up from between her thighs to slide my cock into her pussy. 
I started thrusting into her; confident I could make this one last as I'd
had more sex in the last twelve hours than most weeks!!   I moved
the pace up and down, keeping Sophie on the edge, not quite able to come. 
After about fifteen minutes of this, straining against the urge to clench
my buttock muscles and pump my come deep into her, I used a break in rhythm
to dial my home phone from the mobile.  As soon as it showed a successful
dial, I dropped it over the side of the bed and started thrusting faster
into Sophie.

The phone in the main bedroom rang loudly.   Sophie instinctively
turned her head as if listening.   I took my cue and slowed down,
then stopped, resting my cock deep inside her.   "I'd better
get it, it could be important".   As I dismounted, Sophie started
bucking her hips and protesting through her gag.   I stroked
her cheek and said to her, "I'll be back for you in a minute, don't go
away".  I picked my mobile up from the floor and then went to my bedroom
to pick up the still ringing telephone.   I answered the phone,
dumped the mobile, and being a cordless, carried it back towards Sophie's
room.   I continued my pretend conversation with my mate Brad
all the way back to the bed, where I sat stroking my finger down Sophie's
pussy lips.  What really got Sophie's attention was when I said, "Yeah,
drop by, I could do with having it back anyway".   As Sophie
started mmmphing loudly through her gag, I paused and added, "In fact Sophie's
here with me.  You haven't met her yet have you? ".  After another
pause, I continued "Yeah, we'll see you in about fifteen minutes then.  
Cheers".  I hung up and climbing back between Sophie's spread legs,
I said to her, "I'd better speed things up a bit hadn't I? ".

Poor Sophie was pulling at her wrists and pleading through her gag.  
I clenched my buttock muscles and pumped myself into her harder and faster
as she continued struggling underneath me.  It only took me a couple
of minutes to shoot my load into her.  As I climbed off the bed Sophie
was really starting to shout through her gag and jerk her arms and legs
in an 'untie me now' manner.  I removed her blindfold, and said "Hey,
stop panicking, I'll get myself dressed first in case Brad's early, then
I'll free you".  Sophie relaxed but I could see she still wasn't sure.  
I got put my boxer shorts on and told Sophie I had to go to my bedroom
to get the remainder of my clothes.   When I left her tied to
the bed I quietly sneaked downstairs and opening the front door rang the
bell.  I ran upstairs and called out from the landing to wait a minute. 
Then I loudly ran downstairs, made a lot of noise opening and closing the
front door and inviting Brad into the lounge.  As I walked back upstairs
I called out, "I'll go find her, she must be in the bathroom".  I
opened the bedroom door and saw Sophie still struggling to free her wrists. 
"God you look sexy", I told her.  I dropped my trousers and got onto
the bed.   Sophie was shaking her head and protesting through
her gag.   I knelt between her legs, pulled my shorts down and
despite her trying to throw me off with her hips, started fucking her.

I reached behind her head with my right hand and unbuckled the ballgag. 
Sophie tried pushing out unsuccessfully, so 
I pulled on the straps and out it popped.  "Untie me, your friend
could come up at any time", Sophie whispered urgently.  "He's alright,
he'll wait. Anyway, I wont be long", I said, thrusting into her faster. 
"You bastard, untie me", Sophie replied, her voice wavering as she too
approached orgasm.  This time she did come first, but only just. 
As we lay there recovering.  I lifted myself up on my arms, and buckled
the ballgag back into her mouth.   I blew her a kiss, and shouted
out "Hey Brad, your turn now", at the open door.  Sophie started really
mmmmphing through the gag.  As I climbed of the bed and pulled my
shorts up she 'safeworded', clicking her thumb and middle finger three
times.

I shut the bedroom door, went back to the bed and removed the ballgag. 
As Sophie looked up at me, before she could speak I said, "I'd never share
you, my lover.  There's no-one downstairs, I was just playing a trick
on you".  Sophie sighed, "You rotten bastard", she replied.  
"Yes", I answered, "but I wasn't the only one who had an orgasm, was I?”

I kissed her on the lips and was met with an equally passionate response.  
"Look", I said, "you've had a long day, why don't we go out for dinner
and we can carry on playing later if you're still up for it?"  
Sophie agreed, so I released her from the bed and we went into my bedroom
where her overnight bags were.  She had a quick shower and dressed
while I tidied up the spare bedroom, putting the restraints back and changing
the bedsheet.   We then went out locally for a meal and drinks,
returning home for a quiet night.

Sunday morning was spent relaxing off the exertions of the day before
and viewing the rest of the home-video.  That, combined with a nights
sleep had the effect of making us both horny again, which led to one last
'quickie'.  I took Sophie from behind, kneeling on the bed, with her
handcuffed and gagged.

That session was by far the longest I have ever had, with any of my
girlfriends.  Fortunately, it also wasn't the last with Sophie.  
I'll write next about a great trick I played on her and her flatmate, Julie.

I'll send you more soon, congratulations on running the best site on
the web!!
