---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Michelle's First Time
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- MF/f
- bond
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Michelle's First Time**](michelles_first_time.html))

Michelle's First Time by John Roper
Part Two

Michelle woke from a short nap and immediately felt horny again. I was
on the phone with Kat.

“Will do,” was all our slightly disoriented damsel consciously gleaned
from our conversation after the sound of the phone being hung up popped
her eyes open.

She was on her side, on the bed, her left cheek buried in a pillow.
Another, one-size-smaller ball gag hung from her neck. She was still bound
as before, with nipple tether and crotch rope still in place.

The first thing she saw was herself in the mirror, then me opening the
closet door and reaching into her coat pocket for the VHS tape Kat had
given her in the lobby of the hotel before saying, “Well, you’re on your
own. I hope you enjoy the video. Have fun.”

Only 40-minutes had past since I’d initially bound her wrists, though
it seemed longer to Michelle as she squirmed a bit to get my attention
and once again appreciate her bondage as she asked, “What’s happening?”

I was still in my cords, T-shirt and shoes. “You’re happening, Dubois.
Are you ready for part two?”

The window drapes were drawn closed. Only the TV on the dresser in front
of the bed illuminated the room with “Wheel Of Fortune,” sound of.

I slipped the tape into the player and disengaged the mute. “Well?”

Michelle tried to think, but, as before, the magic of the moment had
taken over. “Part two?”

“The tape Kat made for you; the one you’re going to watch while I take
care of some business.”

Michelle watched as I put on my shirt, then remembered that she wanted
to be left alone in bondage, a fantasy she had always tried to fulfill
when embarking on failed, self bondage attempts. ‘The agreement’ clearly
called for that.

“Oh,” was all my suddenly restive damsel could come up with when she
realized the teasing was still not over. “…Then what?”

I smiled. “Don’t you like surprises?”

With that, I jumped up onto the mattress, grabbed the collection of
rope between Michelle’s upper arms, dragged her to the foot of the bed
and laid her down on her stomach. Her nipple-tethered breasts hung off
the edge.

I had already secured a line to the frame under and at the head of the
bed. I ran its end under and between Michelle’s calves, without tying it
off.

Her concern was well hidden. “What are you doing?”

I said nothing as I pulled the first-timer forward until her waist reached
the end of the bed, then, to prevent and forward movement, tied the line
to her ankle cinch.

The wrinkle more than piqued her curiosity as she quickly realized the
wickedness of the fix. “Please tell me.”

Another line secured the ropes around her waist to the frame at the
foot of the bed, making it impossible to move in any direction. If she
chose to, hanging her head upside down off the mattress edge would be the
full extent of her mobility. However, if she did, thanks to the wrist tether
configuration, the five-knot crotch rope and wrist cinch would tighten
considerably.

“That should give your abs a workout,” I suggested before straddling
Michelle’s upper legs and tying the base of her pinkies together with 4
tight turns of thin cinched line, leaving about 4-feet of slack.

I then moved forward until my ass was directly above her bound wrists,
grabbed a handful of hair, pulled her head back, and stuffed her mouth
with face cloth. The ball gag served to hold it in.

“Head down,” I said, before pulling on the gag’s belt strap and notching
it to the max.

“Muh,” moaned Michelle as the fire between her legs flared up another
click or two.

“Just want to make sure you don’t draw any undue attention before I
return,” I explained as I tightly wrapped turn after turn of 4-inch wide
Ace bandage around her lower face.

“MUHMUH!”

“Thought you’d like that.,” I chided while setting up a camera angle,
turning on its small area light , rolling tape and jumping back onto the
bed. The TV rounded out the subtle lighting effect.

I then ran the pinky cinch tether line up under all the collected turns
of Ace bandage in the back of Michelle’s neck and started pulling out the
slack.

“Lift your head as far back as it will go. I want to make sure you can
see the video whenever you like.”

Michelle had no idea what was going to happen next, so she did as she
was told.

“Further back,” I challenged.

Another two inches of altitude were soon locked in when I drew out all
the slack in the pinky-to-bandage tether and knotted it off.

“MMUHUHMUHUH!”

I reached for the remote, pressed ‘play,’ and said, “Later,” before
leaving the hotel room and Michelle to a more intense version of her ‘tied-up-alone’
fantasy-come-true.

The first thing she did was test the limitations of the simple but very
affective bind. ‘Good GRIEF!’

The raising of her head had seriously increased the gag pressure and
did all sorts of unprecedented things to her pinkies. A glance to her left
reflected the fix in the closet mirror, sending more sexual outcome to
her pussy and a whole new world of speculation to her severely overtaxed
thinking.

Just then, I came back and said, “Woops- almost forgot,” before pulling
a ten-ounce fishing sinker from my pocket and, using a large paper clip,
hanging it from the center of the nipple tether line.

I was back out the door in a flash, just as the first video image appeared
onscreen. It was that of a very naked, very tied up and ball-gagged damsel,
writhing crazily in her super-tight, wickedly demanding, hair-to-ankle
hogtie, on a cement floor, illuminated by the natural spotlight effect
coming through a basement window.

‘Holy shit,’ commented Michelle as the heat between her upper thighs
married the indescribable sensations the sinker was generating in her nipples,
and another countdown escalated onward and towards the second, major, bondage
orgasm of the evening.

Michelle did her best not to stimulate herself, hoping the zero of that
countdown didn’t come as quickly as it usually did when she played by herself.

‘GEEEEEEZE!!!’

Since I had not given her any idea as to when I would return, all Michelle
could count on was that, as her specifications had documented, she would
be alone no less than 20-minutes.

‘Why in the hell did I not specify ‘no longer than’ too.’

Another 2-minutes of bondage video did much to convince Michelle she
was in way over her head, as far as finding fun bondage kinks to hang with
was concerned. She’d also never seen a bondage video before.

Thanks to the crotch rope, hogtie connection, the damsel in the damp
and dingy basement started to climax, and continued doing so for several
seconds before something even more unexpected happened.

“Hi Mish.”

She opened her eyes, which she’d closed just a few seconds earlier to
help un-stimulate herself, and, low and behold, on the TV screen, was a
medium close-up of Kat.

“Having fun?”

“Hummm?”

“Enjoying the first episode of the video mix I made you? Hope so.”

Michelle was beside herself with disorientation. ‘This is TOO weird.’

“I know you’d rather keep watching the bitch in the basement, but since
you have no choice, and what I am about to tell you will probably add a
few more titillating, emotional layers to your adventure, well, here’s
what’s really happening.”

The word ‘really’ is what grabbed Michelle’s innards, for she’d always
held a modicum of suspicion where Kat’s motivations were concerned.

“If you haven’t already guessed, I’m bi, and have, since the day we
met, wanted to do you in bondage. Since you showed no indication in that
direction, all I could assume was that you were either totally straight,
or decided I wasn’t your type. So here’s the deal: as you watch this video,
John and I are in another room of this hotel, doing whatever we are doing
and, thanks to my unexpected wrinkle, toying with the idea of me tying
HIM up.”

Michelle’s eyes went wide with fear as another several jolts of sexual
excitement inundated her thoroughly soaked pussy.

“I confess that I wasn’t entirely honest with both of you concerning
the details of ‘the agreement.’ In point of fact, I lied to John about
what you wanted to get out of all of this, and will factor those lies into
the little, shall we say, debate for dominance taking place between the
two of us right now.”

Michelle was instantly aghast. ‘WHAT?!’

“I won’t tell you what the lies are. It’ll be more fun to find out yourself
and, since you opted not to use a safe word, deal with convincing John
not to do what those lies permit, and/or prefer.”

Even though Michelle already knew there was no way she could possibly
escape her predicament, she tore into her bondage with a vengeance, which
only made her hotter and more convinced that she was a total idiot.

“One of us will eventually come back here and do whatever he or I want
with you. So enjoy yourself and look forward to either eating me out to
a few orgasms, or sucking John dry for the rest of the 20, rather than
10 hours you told me to stipulate in ‘the agreement’.”

‘FUCK YOU, Kat!’ love/hated Michelle as she teetered on the edge of
another bondage orgasm and watched her broker smile sardonically into the
lens of her camcorder.

“Fair’s fair,” goaded Kat. “I help you break your bondage cherry, and
you help me get what I want. And don’t worry, John’s not a sadist, and
wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize an ongoing relationship with a drop
dead gorgeous, bondage damsel like you... Later, I hope.”

The next image on the tape was of Kat in a skin-tight cat suit and super
high, stiletto-heeled boots. “Get your ass over here.” She growled.

A high-heeled, top-heavy damsel, in nothing but panties, stepped into
frame. Her wrists were crossed and severely bound behind her back with
several tight turns of thin, hard cord.

For the next several minutes, Michelle watched as the 25-year old was
slowly and unmercifully bound to a straight-back chair in the same basement
in which the first damsel on the tape had been hogtied.

‘Oh-mah-gosh!’

In no way, shape or form was Michelle even mildly homosexual, let alone
bi. But the idea of being used against her will by a woman did appeal to
her, in a strange inexplicable way. However, if given a choice, she would
never submit to a bondage event with a woman…. ‘Unless a man was also involved.’

As all the possibilities of her predicament bounced around Michelle’s
astonishment, and the video unfolded, a strange kind of in-and-out sensual
rhythm played havoc with her sexuality.

On top of that, the ropes were beginning to sting, a development she
both enjoyed and found almost unbearable.
Not quite an hour had passed since I first bound her wrists.

‘What’s happening?’ she wondered again when she could no longer sustain
the pre-orgasmic, seesaw balancing act on which she’d been teetering since
I’d left the room.

Wave after wave of uncommon fear and outrageously erotic sexual excitation
swept across Michelle’s entire body, creating a diametric, damned-if-you-do-damned-if-you-don’t
dilemma of the most uncommon kind.

‘UN…FUCKING…REAL!’

The orgasm was not of the variety to which Michelle was normally accustomed.
Its intensity and staying power were completely out of her control, which
both amazed and frightened the not-quite-30-year-old into a state of mindlessness
with which she’d never before touched base.

‘Oh-my-gahd.’

Instead of the usual series of tapering off spasms, she was locked into
one that simply would not reach closure or stop increasing its intensity.

‘OH----MY----GAHD!’

It was almost as if her groin was having a heart attack.

She stiffened every muscle in her body and, without even realizing it,
began to lift her upper body up and down to get every last drop of effect
out of the nipple weight as she struggled frantically and completely forgot
who and where she was.

In short, Michelle Dubois was having the time of her life.

“MMMUHUHUH!....MMMUHUHUH!!...MMMUH MMMUH MMMUH!!!” Etc., etc. and so
forth.

Meanwhile, down in the lobby of the hotel, Kat and I were hanging out
and carefully watching the time, while doing our best to look innocently
pedestrian.

“How shall we play it?”

“…Your call.”
 

[Continues
in Part Three](michelles_first_time3.html)

John Roper

05.11.05

story continues in [**Michelle's First Time 3**](michelles_first_time3.html)

o0o
