---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Sacrifice - The Departure: Part 2: The Horn'
authors:
- T S Fesseln
tags:
- MF/f
- F/f
- bond
- gag
- collar
- bath
- ritual
- fantasy
- hist
- mast
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Sacrifice - The Departure: Part 1: Dawning**](sacrifice1.html))

**The Departure 
Part 2 The Horn**
The Departure Part 2 The Horn 
The Horn Inn did indeed look like a castle from some old fairy tale.  It
sat hunched in the center of a rolling meadow and was adorned with turrets and
gables and sway-backed peaked roofs.  The dozens of lit mullioned windows
reflected off the wide moat that surrounded The Horn.  The drawbridge to
the inn was lowered and beyond the portal, one could see the stables and the
stairs leading up to the main level.  A pair of giant antlers hung over the
gate leading in.

To Naryla, it seemed to be a fairy king’s palace.  She had never seen
anything so grand and ornament.  Every exposed beam was carved with
serpentine dragons and whimsical sylphs and gargoyles of mirth, all of them
oiled and gleaming as if made of brass. It was then that Naryla realized how
naked she really was.  It was awful to be exposed before the people she
knew and grew up with in the village.  But now she was going to be nude in
front of people she did not even know.

“It will be well,” Jarial said, sensing Naryla’s thoughts, “You are
not the first Chosen One to step through The Horn’s doors.  It is an
honor for you to be staying here and they will treat you with a reverence of
priest.  Be proud of who you are, Chosen One.”

Jarial rode up beside her and arranged her long blonde curls over her
shoulders, “Chin up, Chosen One.”

Naryla took a deep breath and continued.  Tyraal noted her strides were
a bit longer and she arched her back just a bit more, holding head high. Even
though she had her hands bound behind her back and she wore a slaves collar and
gag, she still moved with the grace of a deer.  He knew she was special and
she would make him proud when she approached the high altar on the twelfth day
of spring.

The two Guardians and the young woman passed over the bridge and through the
gateway into the inner courtyard.  Both of the knights dismounted and
Jarial led the horses to one of the stalls lining all four walls.  Two
merchant’s wagons were parked and a half dozen other horses eyed her from
their stalls.  A lone stable boy on no more than a dozen years stepped out
of the shadows, but Jarial waved him off.

“Come, Chosen One, let us get a comfortable bed tonight,” Tyraal said,
bringing her lead up short and easing her up the grand staircase opposite the
gate.

At the top of the stairs was a huge open doorway that spilled warmth and
laughter out into the spring evening.  Tyraal just walked in with Naryla in
tow, as if she was special and extraordinary. There was two dozen or so
customers seated around the huge round tables that filled the drinking hall and
as all fell silent when Tyraal and Naryla crossed the room.  She felt every
single eye on her but she kept Tyraal’s words in her mind.  She did not
hide her head in shame, though she felt her cheeks flame up.

“Gulmon!  Gulmon Thorn, I need a room for the night,” Tyraal called
out loudly, “Damn the makers, I need a good bed!”

Naryla had never seen a giant before, but she thought she was seeing one now. 
A huge man with long, braided hair and a toothy smile as wide as a canoe stepped
out of a doorway with a tray full of dripping mugs.  He stood nearly three
heads taller than Tyraal and was as thick as a wine tun.

“You will not find one here Guardian,” Gulmon thundered back, “there is
no good beds for the likes of you!”

“You are right about that!” Tyraal laughed, “there are no good beds
period!”

The giant innkeeper set his tray down and gave Tyraal a huge hug; one that
Naryla thought would surely crush the warrior.

“However, for the Chosen One, only our finest room,” Gulmon smiled and
knelt down before Naryla, “It is a pleasure to serve you, Chosen One.  My
home is your temple.”

Tyraal fished a pair of gold coins from his pouch and pressed them into
Gulmon’s palm, “The Dragon will always watch over you, my friend.”

“Follow me,” the innkeeper gave a hearty laugh, “And what are all of
you staring at.  Have you not seen such beauty before?  Go on with
your games and keep your thoughts on your wives and lovers.”

The giant lumbered before them.  Naryla could see that the inn was built
around him.  All the doors and hallways were as large and massive as he was
and all had whimsical carvings of some sort upon them.  A pixie of wood
peeking out from a doorframe or a troll squatted lazily against an exposed beam
picking his teeth.

“And where is the fair Jarial?” Gulmon asked almost in a whisper.

“Tending to the horses, my friend.”

“We have stable boys. That is their job. She shames me, thinking that her
horses are not under the finest care I can give them.”

Tyraal shrugged, “She lets no one take care of them but herself, not even
me.  She says something about a man not knowing the true nature of the
horse.”

“Women,” Gulmon snorted, “no offense, Chosen One.”

Naryla smiled around her leather gag.

Gulmon stopped at the door at the end of the hall and unlocked the
elaborately carved door before stepping aside and letting the warrior and the
young girl inside. The whole room was made of gold, Naryla thought as she
stepped into the room.  All the wood there gleamed a light amber as if
coated in honey.  In the center of the room was a large bed, it’s bed
posts carved in the shape of flowering rose vines and it’s canopy a gossamer
pink.  Naryla could see the thick, soft blankets had been pulled down and
several pillows were piled at the head.  When Naryla looked closer, she
could see several carved faeries lurking amongst the leafs and petals.

In the room there was also a table, a clothes rack and four chairs carved in
the same manner.  In the corner was a large wooden tub carved in the shape
of an open rose.  A dozen or so candles lit the room and she could smell
the dusky sent of rose in the air.  There was even a small stone fireplace
with flames already licking around a large log.

“If there is anything I can do for you or your Guardians, Chosen One,
please let me know.”

“Just a simple meal, my friend.  I miss your stew.”

Gulmon smiled, “I will bring enough to fill you twice over then!” With
that, Gulmon left.

“Relax, Chosen One,” Tyraal smiled, “I will remove your gag as soon as
Jarial returns and our meal is served.”

Naryla looked around and saw a padded bench beneath one of the narrow
mullioned windows.  She sat and looked outside and saw the sky was a swirl
of heated red and oranges and grays as the sun set, silhouetting a sheer
talon-shaped peak. Tyraal leaned over the young woman to see what she was
seeing, “That is Taloncrag, Chosen One.  That is where we are headed. 
The Temple lies just below it.”

Naryla noticed that Tyraal had removed his helmet.  She had been anxious
to see what he looked like and now she was afraid of staring at him.  He
had a squarish face that was not harsh of line like some men and he had a head
of sandy-colored hair neatly bundled into a long ponytail.  His eyes were
what drew her in, however.  Those grey-blue eyes always seemed kind, not
the eyes of a hardened warrior.

“I grew up there, Chosen One, below its snow-capped peak.  In the
autumn, when the sun sets, it burns the whole peak red and it seems as if it is
on fire.  They say it is the faeries saying farewell to summer.”

Tyraal looked down at his ward and their eyes met.  Naryla glimpsed what
Jarial undoubtedly saw in them when Tyraal and her shared a bed.  The young
blonde woman felt a stirring inside of her caused by this Guardian, something
she wasn’t quite sure about but it felt warm and pleasurable and unlike
anything she had ever felt before. No, stop it! Naryla chastised herself. There
was a knock at the door.

Tyraal stepped to the door and pressed his hand against it, then smiled. 
He unbolted the door and Jarial stood there, saddle bags over her shoulders and
a smile on her face as well.  Without a word, she stepped in, kissing
Tyraal on the cheek.  He gently shut the door.

“Gulmon says his stew is on its way, as well as several mugs of his
cider,” Jarial said, setting the bags over one of the chairs.

“That is thoughtful of him,” Tyraal replied.

“He also said that you should carry your own bags in and not let such a
wonderful lady such as myself do it for you.”

Tyraal’s face screwed up in mock horror; “I had important things to attend
to.”

“Such as parading the poor Chosen One around like a champion horse,”
Jarial said with hands on her hips.

“She needed the practice, Jarial, before we arrived at the Temple. 
You know that as much as I do,” Tyraal said sternly with a tone that Naryla
had not imagined the warrior ever speaking.

Jarial hung her head down, “You are right.  Forgive me.”

“Take off that helmet and we will see,” Tyraal smiled quickly, the anger
misted away.

Jarial took off her helmet and then knelt at Tyraal’s feet, hands clasped
behind her back and her head bowed down; her long, auburn hair covering her
delicate face.  Tyraal bent down and kissed her on the forehead, whispering
something to her that Naryla could not hear and then gently kissed her on the
lips. There was another knock at the door.

“Dinner is served,” Tyraal said as he approached the door.

Once more he put his palm against the door and closed his eyes.  “It
is Gulmon,” he said, opening the door.

The giant stood at the doorway with a tray of bowls, bread, cheese and cider. 
The smell of the venison stew wafted through the room and suddenly Naryla
realized how hungry she really was.

“You will not eat this well again until you pass by here again,” Gulmon
said as he sat the tray down on the table.

“You do not know how right you are, my friend,” Tyraal replied grinned as
Jarial gave him a look that would smolder a dragon.

“Be well tonight,” Gulmon said as he left.

“And the Dragon protect you, Gulmon Thorn,” both Tyraal and Jarial
replied.

Jarial had not got up from her kneeling position and her head was bowed again
as Tyraal turned around to face her, “Come on, sweet Jarial, let us get
comfortable and eat.”

Jarial got up and began to help Tyraal out of his armor, unbuckling his
breastplate as well as his greaves and vambraces. After she carefully set the
armor aside, Tyraal helped Jarial out of her armor.  As he unbuckled her
plates, he kissed her upon the neck and behind her ears and Jarial laughed
lightly at his whispered words. Both of the warriors were now dressed in simple
shirts and pants and both looked much relieved to be rid of the burden of the
armor.  Tyraal went over to the Chosen One.

“You would like to be rid of that gag, would you not, Chosen One?” Tyraal
asked needlessly.
Naryla nodded.

“The same rules apply here, Chosen One, as they had in the woods.  I
do not want you to speak one word.”
Naryla nodded again.

Tyraal reach underneath the girl’s long blonde hair and unbuckled the gag;
gently pulling it from her mouth.

“Come, let us eat.  You must be starving,” Tyraal said as he pulled out
one of the chairs for the Chosen One.

Tyraal sat between the two women and breathed in all the delicious aroma of
the bowl in front of him.  Jarial had already tore off some chunks of bread
and with gusto, Tyraal took a piece and thrust it into the bowl and took a bite. 
A calm, peaceful smile crossed his face and he then offered Naryla a bite. It
was as good as Tyraal had said.

Tyraal took turns feeding himself and the Chosen One while Jarial ate and cut
portions of the cheese and bread for all of them.  It was not like at home,
when a meal was catch as catch can during the bustle of the inn.  This felt
oddly formal to her though she thought that it probably didn’t feel that way
to the Guardians. The meal filled Naryla and she had to shake her head no and
seal her mouth to keep Tyraal from overstuffing her.  The meal slowed down
and all three sat back and relaxed.

“I think I shall draw a bath for the Chosen One and myself,” Jarial said,
getting up from their table, “It would seem a waste not to use what Gulmon has
so thoughtfully provided.  Would you like a bath, Chosen One?"

The blonde woman nodded but tried to display her cuffs.  She was afraid
that the water might ruin them and make them uncomfortable to wear.
“You need not worry about those, Chosen One,” Jarial said, “bathing will
not harm them.”

Jarial helped Naryla up and took her to the tub.  There was a polished
brass spigot in the wall of the carved tub that the Guardian turned on and there
was a rush of warm water.

“The water is heated by running the pipes down the chimney flue,” Jarial
explained, “It is so nice not to have to cart the water from the kettle to the
tub.”

As the tub filled, Jarial first took her shirt off and then her leggings.
Naryla noticed that the brunette was much more slender than she had thought; her
armor making her look much larger in build.  Jarial’s breasts were not
large but they were well formed with small, dark nipples crowning them. 
The woman warrior did have nice hips and long legs compared with her size. 
Between Jarial’s legs was well shaven, Naryla noticed, and oddly attractive.

Jarial stepped lightly over to her saddlebag and pulled from it a light
leather bag.  From it Jarial sprinkled into the tub a mixture of dried
herbs and flowers, the same mixture her mother had sprinkled into her tub at
home.  Soon the room was filled with the scents of the forest and meadow. 
The brunette then knelt down and removed the hardened leather shield that was
between Naryla’s crupper and her sex.

“Come, Chosen One,” Jarial stepped into the tub and offered her hand to
Naryla.

The water was just a tad on the warm side and Naryla could see little wisps
of steam rising from it.  However, unlike the bath this morning, this one
was one of relaxation and enjoyment.  The rose shaped basin was large
enough for both women to sit in and the young blonde settled opposite Jarial so
she could at least enjoy the warrior’s company face to face.

Both women closed their eyes as the warm water eased out the aches of the
journey.  Tyraal watched them from his chair; feet crossed upon the back of
another.  He had his desires since he had laid his eyes upon the Chosen One
as well as for his companion.  Normally, Tyraal did not entertain such
thoughts while escorting one of the young sacrifices.  He usually kept his
mind focused on where they were and what surrounded them.  However, The
Horn was one of the safest places he knew save for the Temple and his home and
the thoughts of him and Jarial coupling kept swimming in and out of his head.

“This is good,” Jarial said, looking at the Chosen One, “I have not had
a warm bath for a week.  When you live your life in the saddle, such things
as this are as precious as jewels.”

Naryla smiled.

Jarial scooped up some the water in the palms of her hands and poured it over
herself before doing the same to her ward, bathing both her and Naryla in the
fragrant water.  After both were drenched, Jarial reached over and got the
sponge and hardsoap.  Both of these were some of her most coveted
possessions she carried with her on her patrols as a Guardian.  She dropped
the chunk of soap into the water before scrubbing the sponge with it.  The
thyme-scented soap soon frothed over the sponge before Jarial took it and began
scrubbing the Chosen One’s shoulders and back as much as she could.

Naryla felt a bit of warmness inside her as Jarial bathed her.  It was a
very through scrubbing and it felt very good, like a warm hug from a dear
friend.  The Guardian sponged her arms and lower back, asking Naryla to
stand to do so.  While still standing, Jarial began to rub the rough sponge
over the young girls collar and upper chest, slowly making her way down to her
breasts.

Jarial spent extra attention to the Chosen One’s breasts, slowly massaging
them with the soapy sponge.  The roughness of the sponge sent little
ripples of pleasure through Naryla as it rubbed over her pink, erect nipples. 
A little moan escaped the blonde’s lips as Jarial continued to soap Naryla’s
large breasts.

“Are you enjoying this, Chosen One?” Jarial asked.

Naryla almost forgot herself and answered the woman, but she caught herself
and nodded.

Jarial used her hands to rinse off Naryla, then, leaning over, she gently
took one of the Chosen One’s nipples between her lips and planted a small kiss
first upon one and then the other.  Each kiss became a bit more passionate
and Jarial began using the tip of her tongue to flick at the erect nub; teasing
it.  The young blonde closed her eyes and let out another little moan. 
The ripples of pleasure were getting larger and seemed to warm her womb.
Then Jarial stopped. When Naryla opened her eyes, she saw Jarial holding the
white leather gag.

“I do not want you to break your silence accidentally, dear Chosen One,”
Jarial gave the young girl a tender smile.

Naryla reluctantly opened her mouth and accepted the leather ball. 
Jarial was very careful when buckling it tight that she did not pull upon the
Chosen One’s hair.  When the gag was tight, Jarial kissed the young girl
upon forehead. The Guardian stepped out of the tub first and grabbed a towel that was lying
upon the bench.  Carefully she dried herself off completely before helping
Naryla out of the water.

The young girl felt as if Jarial would leave no spot on her untouched by the
towel.  The fabric was as soft as was the Guardian’s touch.  Again,
Jarial paid attention to Naryla’s breasts, rubbing the cloth over them until
the warrior was sure they were as dry as they could be before Jarial leaned down
and gave them each a gentle kiss. Naryla was not sure as to how to feel or act. 
The woman’s kisses felt warm and wonderful, but inside Naryla felt that this
was somehow wrong and shameful.  Surely Jarial would not harm her and
perhaps this was part of the ritual that the priest had not told her about. 
So much of this was new to her.  These feelings of pleasure. . .

“Are you afraid, Chosen One?” Jarial asked in a whisper.
Naryla nodded her head slightly.

“I will stop if you want me too, Chosen One.  Do you want me to
stop?”

Naryla shook her head slowly.  These new feelings of pleasure surely were
not bad.

Jarial led her ward to the bed and eased her onto it.  Underneath the
gossamer canopy the smell of rose lingered on the air like a morning mist. 
Jarial climbed in beside her.

“Just enjoy, Chosen One,” whispered the lithe brunette, curling up against
the young woman.

The warrior brushed her young ward’s blonde hair back and gently kissed her
behind her ear.  Naryla closed her eyes as she felt the warmth of first one
kiss and then another, kissing her upon her cheek.  Jarial’s small kisses
trailed over Naryla’s collarbone and upper chest before taking the Chosen
One’s erect nipple into her mouth again and teasing it with her tongue. Naryla let out another small moan.

Jarial smiled and continued to pay attention to the Chosen One’s breasts by
licking and nibbling until Jarial felt the young woman starting to respond with
her whole body; pressing against the warrior. Naryla began to move her sex
against the chain that still ran between her legs.  The small links rubbed
up and down and over her pearl, sending rushes of bliss through her like a warm
breeze fanning some smoldering fire down inside her womb.  She rocked her
hips and pressed herself against her Guardian, felling the warmth of her body
against hers.  Naryla was not afraid to moan again as she had on the road. 
Somehow, it helped the flames of pleasure grow higher.  Oh, how Naryla
desired for the rapture to engulf her again.

Jarial’s tongue and hands were adept and she played with the chosen one as
if she were a lute or a harp.  Her fingers felt up and down the young
woman’s body, feeling all of her curves and valleys while her lips did the
same.  Jarial felt her own body awakening and her on rapture starting to
swell inside as she thrust herself upon one of the Chosen One’s thighs. 
It was not like with Tyraal, of course.  There was absolutely nothing like
having Tyraal pushing himself inside of her, filling her, making her feel
complete.  However, Jarial enjoyed her times with other Chosen Ones and
awakening them to the pleasure of the bed. Naryla’s mewls through her gag
became louder.

The young blonde sacrifice continued to work herself against the chain and
she could feel the pyre within her was growing hotter and hotter, filling every
corner of her soul.  Jarial was now gently biting her nipples and squeezing
Naryla’s buttocks as the woman warrior rode Naryla’s thigh.  The Chosen
One could feel the warrior’s moistness upon her leg and smell it mingling with
her own creating an incense that seemed to fuel her fires.

“It is okay, dear Chosen One,” Jarial whispered into her ear.

Naryla was near tears as she felt the burning pleasure continuing to engulf
more and more of her until a white-hot whirlwind of ecstasy devoured her
completely and her body was not her own, writhing and bucking under the blissful
attack.

The feelings of the Rapture slowly ebbed away, leaving Naryla feeling weak and
wonderfully warm inside.  Jarial was still kissing her tenderly about her
person, but her motions upon her had slowed and grown more like two kittens
curling up against each other.

“It is time to sleep, Chosen One,” Jarial spoke very softly, “We have a
long travel ahead of us.”

The warrior woman kissed the young blonde upon the forehead. “Close your eyes.”

The Chosen One did as she was told and was soon fast asleep.

09.06.06

o0o

Since it is usually a long space of time between postings and re-postings of this story, I am compiling a mailing list so that you can receive chapters as they are produced. If you would like to be on that list, please e-mail me at FESSELN1@aol.com. Or visit my weblog at http://fesselnsfiction.blogspot.com/ . Any and all comments are welcomed and appreciated.

story continues in [**Sacrifice - The Departure: Part 3: Under A Pale Eye**](sacrifice3.html)

o0o
