---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hike
authors:
- CJ
tags:
- M-f
- bondage
- reluct
- X
date: 2002-06-25 00:00:00
---

8
8
Hike
by CJ
8
Last summer I went for a
hike with my girlfriend that I will never forget.  The day started
off quite normal.  Jean wore shorts, a T-shirt and good walking shoes
for the hike.  As was normal for our day hikes I carried a small back
pack with lunch and other essentials, but today I had a few other things
that Jean was not aware of.  Jean has never liked wearing a pack if
she could avoid it and this day she could.

We arrived at the head of
the trail at about 9:00 and quickly got on our way.  About an hour
into our hike Jean remarked about how empty the trail was that day. 
It was mid week so we were not expecting a lot of people, but I admit it
was unusually quiet.  Since it was so quiet around us, I challenged
her to make the hike more interesting by taking off her shirt.  At
first she thought I was joking but I kept on prodding saying she was still
covered with her bra and if she didn’t make a fuss others would probably
be too shy to comment.  After more badgering and daring her she finally
in a quick impulsive move pulled off her T-shirt.  She continued hiking
carrying it but I said there was no risk if she carried her shirt since
she could quickly through it back on.  She turned around and threw
her shirt at me, saying almost whimsically “Do you want my shorts too?”

I said “Sure!” and then she
realized what she had said.  She tried to object but I argued that
the same could be said about her panties as I had said about her bra. 
She gave a big shy and pulled off her shorts and threw them at me too. 
I shoved both into the pack.

 I don’t know if you
want to call in lucky or unlucky, but about 15 minutes later two young
men passed us in the other direction.  We came upon them so quickly
that Jean had no time to react.  She whipped around and called to
me but realized there was no time to get her clothes back, so she took
a deep breath and tried to walk by them as if everything was normal. 
The two fellow hikers stared a little at her, but couldn’t bring themselves
to say anything but “Hello”.

After they were long out
of sight Jean said that even though she was the one who was nearly naked,
she felt that she was the one in control.  They didn’t know what to
say or how to react or anything.  I said “Try taking off your bra
and see what happens next time.”  She was really uncomfortable with
the idea but after more prodding and another dare she relented and took
off her bra.  I had to remind her to pass it to me and I stuffed it
in the pack too.

We hiked like that until
lunch and didn’t meet anyone but as we sat on a rock eating lunch a group
of three hikers headed up the trail toward us.  This time Jean had
a few extra seconds than our last encounter and quickly pleaded for at
least her shirt, but I wouldn’t give it to her.  At the last second
she darted around and hid behind the rock that we were sitting on for lunch. 
The three hikers just waved at me politely and headed on their way not
even knowing that I had a partner with me.
 As the small party
headed around the bend I said to Jean “That move is going to cost you.”
 “Cost me what?” she
asked as she crept out from behind the rock.
 “For chickening out
with those nice people I want your panties now.”

She felt bad about being
the chicken but she didn’t want to go naked.  I continued to insist
saying if she accepts a dare she’s got to go through with it or else there
is a consequence.  I realize I was treating her a bit like a kid,
but she had no good response for me so I guess she felt she had to. 
She looked around one more time to make sure nobody was near and took off
her panties.  I held my hand out and she reluctantly gave them to
me.

I packed up the leftovers
to our lunch and we headed on our way but now Jean was much quieter as
if she was listening for approaching people.  Perhaps half an hour
later Jean jumped almost hysterical saying “quick, there are people coming! 
Give me my clothes!!”

I calmly declined saying
they were under our lunch stuff in the pack and I wouldn’t be able to get
them out in time anyway.  She nervously searched around the path for
a place to hide and dashed into the woods.  I continued walking and
politely greeted the small group as they passed me.  I stopped further
up in a small clearing and waited for Jean to catch up.  She came
up the path slowly with her head down apologizing but that she couldn’t
bring herself to walk past a group of strangers naked like she was. 
While trying to look disappointed with her I quietly said, “Give me your
socks and shoes.”
 She stared at me with
wide eyes and said, “Why?”

I said that without her shoes
she would not be able to run off into the woods like she had done and that
I really wanted her to be bold and show off her body to others.  After
all, it was a beautiful body and she should be proud of it. I don’t know
if she really wanted to expose herself to others or just wanted to please
me, but she quite quickly gave up her socks and shoes and I pushed them
into the bag too.

It seemed like the afternoon
was more popular for hikers because less than 15 minutes later we spotted
another couple heading our way far off in the distance.  Again Jean
got nervous and asked for some clothes I ignored her and continued walking
toward the couple who was walking toward us.  I figured she would
have to follow me, but she found another rock to hide behind and hid there. 
As the couple passed me they asked me where my partner was, since you should
never be hiking this far alone.  I said that she was just back a little
ways and that they should meet her along the trail.

I came up to a fork in the
trail and waited for Jean.  As she came up to me, I looked very disappointed. 
She was very apologetic but said that she just couldn’t expose herself
like this and pleaded for something to wear.  I told her to sit down
on the rock, relax and I would find her something in the bag to help her. 
I’m sure she expected her shirt back, but instead I pulled out a set of
cuffs with a 12-inch chain between them.  She innocently asked what
they were for and as I locked the cuffs around her ankles I answered that
they were to prevent her from heading off the path again.

Well she was not happy with
my solution at all and insisted that I remove them at once.  I just
got up and started walking saying the chain was long enough for her to
take small steps but she won’t be scooting into the woods again. 
She screamed out for me to wait for her and she got up and started to walk. 
The chain allowed her only to take small steps and she stumbled several
times over the next 100 yards of the trail.  She quickly learned that
to keep up with my pace she had to jog taking small steps.  This caused
her tits to bounce all over the place.

After another 15 minutes
we met up with another pair of hikers, two men maybe in their late 20’s. 
This was the moment of truth.  What would Jean do?  She could
not run into the woods and I made sure that I was always about 10 paces
in front so that she couldn’t reach her clothes in the pack.  She
would have to show off!  But as the pair approached she covered herself
as best she could with her own hands.  The guys asked her why she
was hiking in the nude and she said shyly that it had to do with a dare. 
They commented that if you are going to walk naked you are expected to
show off, so trying to cover up really defeats the purpose.  I made
my way back to the threesome and lamented that all day she was finding
ways to not show off to anyone.  I gave a quick summary of how she
had slowly lost all her clothes and finally got the ankle cuffs to keep
her on the trail.  One of the hikers said that I had to do something
with her hands now and in response I pulled out set of handcuffs.

Jean pleaded with me not
to use them, but I firmly said that she had to.  I put one cuff around
her wrist that concealed her tits and pulled it behind her back. 
She refused to give me the other hand so the hiker who spoke up before
helped by swinging it around her back and I locked the cuff on.  His
partner pulled out a 6-foot length of cotton rope and suggested I tie it
around her elbows to “help her chest stand out better.”  I made a
loop in the rope and wrapped it around her arms just below her elbows. 
I pulled it tight and brought her elbows crushing together behind her. 
She cried out complaining that it was way too tight for her to manage,
but I just continued to wrap the rope around her arms until there was just
enough left to tie it off and tied a simple reef knot to secure it.

Wow, did her tits ever stand
out now and I congratulated the fellow on his brilliant idea and asked
him if he had any other suggestions.  Jean screamed out no before
he had a chance to say a word, but then he suggested tying her knees together
too and produced another piece of rope.  I gratefully accepted it
and began tying her legs just above the knees.  I cinched the rope
tight between her legs and then took two steps back to have a look. 
Realizing that the ankle cuffs were no longer needed I took them off and
put them back in my pack.  I thanked the guys for their help and asked
them about keeping the ropes.  They told me I could keep the ropes
for which I again thanked them.  They left but not without first taking
a couple of pictures of my bound and naked Jean.

Jean struggled to walk taking
very short steps.  We only had perhaps a mile and a half to go to
complete the circuit back to our car, but even that short distance would
take several hours at Jean’s pace the way she was hobbled.  After
about a half an hour, during which we didn’t meet anybody, Jean pleaded
with me to untie her legs.  “Just my legs!” she said.  Realizing
that it would probably be dark before we got back at her current pace I
agreed to untie her legs.  She was very pleased to get this little
bit of freedom that she picked up the pace considerably.

Not five minutes later we
met up with our last group of hikers, three fellows heading into the woods
for a three-day camp.  They were stunned to see Jean with her hands
tied tight behind her back, but Jean said it was all part of a dare that
she was proud to say she was winning.  I smiled and said that we were
all winners in our own way.  When we finally reached the parking lot
Jean calmly asked about getting released.  I said I’d untie her at
the car that was parked about 50 feet into a very open area covered with
large gravel stones.  The stones were cruel on Jean’s bare feet and
she walked very carefully across the stones, but I wanted the show to last
as long as possible.  Nobody came into the parking lot while she made
her way to the car and I guess I had to untie her when she finally made
it there.  First I unlocked the cuffs and took my time tucking them
away and then pretended to struggle with the knot on her elbow rope, but
through it all she was very patient, quite willing to play the game to
the end.

She got dressed, climbed
into the car, and we drove off.  Driving home Jean said she had a
great time that day, except perhaps for the gravel at the end and wondered
how we could make our next hike even more exciting.  Any suggestions?
