---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiesad/alicia.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Alicia's Birthday Treat
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- F/m
- shrink
- tease
- food
- messy
- swallow
- chew
- death
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2007-03-12 00:00:00
---

Alicia gives me a piece of candy. The next thing I
realize, I am only 4" tall and looking straight up at a beautiful monument.
She picks me up and hides me in her lunchbox, telling me she's taking me home to
celebrate her birthday. She gets me home and tells me to strip.

I tell her to go
to hell, bitch.

Wrong move!!!

The next thing I know I am picked up in front of
her huge staring face. She blows her hot breath on me and then starts pulling
my clothes off with her teeth as I am kicking and pounding at her lips in
complete terror, begging her not to eat me. She stops and stares at me.

"Why you
little pervert!! I never had such intentions, but now that you mentioned it,
Hmmm, or should I say Mmmmm, That sounds deliciously interesting."

She starts to
open her mouth and then stops and says, "Gee, I'd just love to pop you in
and start tasting your meat, but I'm afraid you might blow your wad and get me
so fucking horny, I might just lose it and eat you raw before you had a chance
to be my birthday present."

Then she goes over to the cupboard and pulls out the
most delicious chocolate cake I have ever seen. She says to me, "Ya know how all you
pig men have us women popping out of your cakes at your parties and lick the
frosting off us."

She gets an evil smile and says, "Guess What little man? You are
about to be my birthday treat."

She picks me up and pops me right in the middle
of that cake, smearing the frosting all over my naked body. Then she cuts the
piece of cake with me in it and puts it on her plate. I am screaming and begging
her to stop it!

She starts digging in with her fork, slowy picking up a piece
and putting it in her mouth. She makes sure I'm watching as she moves it around
with her tongue and then placing it between her teeth, smiling at me as if she
was pretending it was me. Then she closes her teeth, starts chewing it up
ravenously, tilts her head back and devours it. I am so terrified and so fucking
horny at the same time, wondering if she would actually do that to me.

She bends
over the cake and sticks her long tongue out teasing and tasting the upper half
of my body, licking most of the frosting away. Thank god my cock was submerged
in the cake or I would have lost it right there.

The next thing I know, She is
smearing frosting all over her rock hard nipples and smiing down at me. She digs
her fork into the cake, picking me up as I'm going out of my mind screaming and
begging. She raises me up in front of her rock-hard, frosting covered nipple and
says, "Milk me baby, here's your birthday treat!"

She continues, "Make sure you do a
damned good job or I'll pop you in my mouth right now and eat you alive!"

I start
licking her nipple and breast like I have never tasted a women before. I strain
like hell to get most of her rock hard nipple in, practically gagging myself. I
start squeezing and suckling her nipple, sliding my body all over her smooth
breast. I hear her making a deep moaning sound. She starts getting so fuckin
horny she starts to finger herself. I was to the point, I couldn't stand it no
more and was ready to blow my load all over her hard nipple.

Just before I had a
chance, she grabs the fork pushing me onto it and raising it up before her sexy,
smiling lips. She says, "I'm so fuckin horny I could just eat you whole, raw, and
alive little man!"

I feel her hot breath blowing on me. As much as I wanted her
to put me in her mouth, I started pleading and begging her to not go any further
because I was afraid she would lose it and start gobbling me if she started tasting
me and making me cum in her state of mind.

Then she came back with a coy
comeback, "Why, Is that what would happen to me little man if you had me in a
similar position?"

She then asked me, If I thought she looked good enough to eat.

I didn't know what to say, So I told her I would take my time tasting her
succulent body, basking her all over with my tongue till she orgasmed. Then I
would lose all my control and willpower. I would clamp my teeth down on her
belly and start chewing and eating her alive. I finally said, "That's why I don't
want you going no further Alicia."

She stared at me for the longest time with a
very horny, evil look in her eyes. She said, "Well well!! I think it's time to
clean all this frosting off you little man."

I thought she was taking me to the
bathroom sink to clean me off.

Oh my God, She's opening the bedroom door. She
lays down on the bed with her completely naked body, holding me in front of her
face on the fork. I scream and plead and beg her to stop.

She said,"Wouldn't you
rather be cleaned off in my nice warm, moist mouth and be teased by my big ole
tongue rather than be put in a cold sink with a washcloth."

I just started
sreaming and pleading like I was losing my mind, because I knew once she had me in
her mouth she wouldn't be able to resist the temptation of eating me. I thought
to myself how humiliating, horrifying, and degrading to be gobbled up whole and
alive by my sexy co-worker. All of a sudden she came and gave me a big lick from
my ass all the way up my neck, licking as much frosting off as she could get in
one stroke. Then she turned me around to the front side sticking her tongue
between my legs, going all the way up my face.

I started wiggling and writhing
all over. I was so close to blowing my wad all over her face and she knew it.
The next thing I knew, she started opening her mouth and tilting me back on the
fork. I felt her lips and tongue teasing my feet as I was holding on for dear
life. Then she pulled me in up to my bellybutton and I was just screaming and
going out of my mind as I felt her tongue and warm lips wrapped around me. As
she had her teeth wrapped around my nipples, she started pulling on me hard. I
couldn't hang on no more and the next thing I knew I was bobbing in her sexy
mouth, raw.

She started bobbing me in and out like a human popsicle, licking the
remaining frosting off my body. I couldn't take it much longer and she knew it,
as she was starting to taste my pre-cum. Then she pulled me out of her mouth and
placed me next to her sexy, inviting lips as she wanted to watch me ejaculate
all over. She licked her lips to moisten them. She started rubbing me all over
them. I was going completely out of my mind in extacy. I just lost it and said
the worst thing I could possibly say to a very horny woman. I screamed at her to
"eat me, bitch. I want you to gobble me, chew me, devour me whole and raw!"

I just
screamed, "Eat ME! Eat me right now woman. I want to be your meal."

Just as I said
that, I started cumming in buckets all over her lips, making one hell of a mess
for as small as I was. I never seen a woman looking at me with so much hunger or
desire in all my life. With 2 licks of her tongue she licked it all off her
lips. Then she started licking my cock like crazy making it hard again. Then she
said to me, "I can't take it no more. You shouldn't have said that. I'm gonna
gobble you raw and eat you alive."

She popped me into her mouth once more,
tasting me all over, turning me over, up and down on her warm, moist tongue. I
started pleading and begging her not to eat me, knowing full well she was gonna
gobble me, enjoy teasing me like a cat, and there wasn't a damned thing I could
do about it. I was going completely out of my mind. Then I felt her big white
teeth clamping around my bellybutton. I was just pounding like a madman at her
lips and begging her not to gobble me up, which only made her more excited as I
could hear her grown from within.

Then her teeth started to tighten as I knew
what my fate was and there was nothing I could do. Then I felt her biting me
almost in half tearing my flesh off with her teeth before I finally passed out.
She took her time chewing, eating, swallowing and enjoying all my flesh. Then
rubbed her belly and panted, "He was so delicious and got me so horny I wish I
could have had him cloned."

THE END
