---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Finishing School 6
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- F+/f+
- M/f
- latex
- bond
- fem
- cons
- X
---

**Part Six**

I pulled the car in front of the gym and
was delighted to see Sarah and her new “friends” emerge from their ballet
class. I looked at Amanda, my new minder, and she smiled and nodded. I gave her
my cape and approached Sarah, who saw me and gave me a sly grin.

“I was hoping you were going to
accompany me in my exercises.”

“I would have loved to but….I was
unavoidably detained on another exercise.” Amanda grinned and Sarah got the
message. She was now wearing standard issue rubber panties, blouse, tunic with
short flared skirt, gloves, stockings and high heels.

“You look wonderful,” I said, “are
you getting to like those clothes?”

She answered almost immediately.

“Yes, I suppose I am, they are quite
flattering, form fitting. I feel quite sexy in them. If only I could get at
you.” She giggled playfully and slipped a hand round my waist.

“What, like last night?”

“Yeah, didn’t you enjoy it?”

“Yes, I suppose I did, but
your….behaviour surprised me a bit.”

“Yes, and me too. I’ve learnt a few
things about myself here, and about you too.”

I nodded in agreement.

“You know I don’t really regret
falling into the hands of all these lunatics here, although having said that I
probably will now. I’ve had some amazing experiences here.”

“So I’ve seen – and me too.” She
smiled evilly. “Maybe we can experience some of them together.”

“I hope so.” And I meant it. She
pecked me on the cheek.

“I’ve got to rush now, they have me
enrolled in a bondage class – sounds interesting. Can you believe it, hey
maybe you could come along,” she smiled again, “and I could try things out
on you.”

“Maybe, I’ll see what Emma has in
mind for me. Take care, I love you.” She turned as she left and blew me
another kiss, saying.

“I love you too, dressed like that you
can be my lesbian lover,” she giggled, “or sister – or my domina! You
know, I think we are going to have great times together. See you later.”
Amanda took me back to Emma’s room where we found her dressed as before and
touching up her make-up. She looked at me and smiled

“Well you look a lot better than
before; again I am sorry but we felt we had to do what we did.”

“I understand, I think anyway.”

“So, the package was delivered all
safe and sound?”

“Yes, no problem, you won’t be
hearing from him again.”

“Good, so how about a wander around
the grounds?”

I wasn’t sure how to broach this but I
blurted out.

“Well Sarah mentioned that she was
going to a bondage class and I was wondering…..?”

“I can’t believe my ears,” she
laughed, “the pupil is now outpacing the teacher, well okay; we’ll have a
wander around there and see what’s going on.” She put her hand in mine and
we went out into the sun.

I was now really quite content to be
with Emma, the thought of escape never occurred to me. I seemed to be coming one
of their converts and Emma seemed to sense my thoughts.

“You really know how to carry
yourself, how to walk, you are quite the find.”

“Thanks, I am even surprised at how I
can walk in these heels.” She seemed to think on this for a while and then
said.

“I really like you Maxine, or Max, I
know you are very….attached to Sarah, and she is one lucky girl. But, I
don’t know….sometimes I wish there was….hope for me.” Suddenly Emma
looked so vulnerable and fragile. Was this the cruel mistress that had depilated
me and transformed me into rubber feminisation?

“You really are quite something;
torturer, dominatrix and now my….unrequited admirer. What can I do? Have you
now tired of your little torture games?”

Had I gone too far? She looked quite
hurt at my outburst. She changed her pose and looked me squarely in the eye.

“I hardly expected that reply, I make
a speech of affection and you slap me down.” She gripped one of the gags at
her waist belt. “You say any more like that and I will be forced to shut you
up.”

“Okay, don’t gag me, I’m sorry. My
mind is in turmoil. I’m still guilt ridden and yet can’t help but admit that
I am enjoying so much of this. Now you start opening up to me and I don’t know
how to react.”

I felt her relax again, she gripped my
arm again and somehow I felt a true affection for her, despite all the
attentions she had bestowed on me the last two days! I was her charge, she had
moulded me, and I was her perfect pupil, her slave, perfect in her own image.
And now had she fallen for me? And as a man or as a woman? It was all very
perplexing.

The hot sun produced droplets of
perspiration down my back, and down my stockings. On the gravel driveway I
wobbled slightly in my 5-inch heels. She steadied me and affectionately ran her
hands through my hair, hair that she had perfectly designed, in fact created.
She touched up my make-up from the pouch at her waist and I compliantly rolled
my lips. She stepped back and approved.

“Well, you want the bondage class, you
get the bondage class. You realise of course that it is a practical class,
a….hands-on class if you see what I mean.” She smiled cutely. “I think all
the girls would just love to get their hands on you Maxine. Still want to go?”

“Oh yes.” I didn’t hesitate at
all, I actually quite liked the idea of it, either doing the tying or being the
one tied up; yes I was changing all right. I was looking forward to it! Emma
looked at me again.

“I thought I had you figured out but
you always seem to be one step ahead of me. Okay, once more into the breach, but
don’t expect me to run to your defence. You’re on your own in there.
Whatever ideas they come up with it’s all part of the open forum, there are no
limits there. You might find it a little surprising and perhaps…..a little
uncomfortable. I can’t wait to see what happens.”

“Thanks, now you make me feel a little
nervous.” We entered one of the large former classrooms and the sight I could
hardly believe. There were twelve students in the room with two prefects. The
room was basically cleared except for various pieces of “furniture” to
assist the bondage of the unfortunates. Each of the girls had been paired off
with another and seemed intent on their task, hardly noticing Emma and I enter.
Emma said to me.

“If any of the girls fail in the
stringency of the bondage then the others put her in deep rubber bondage for the
remainder of the day. So that is quite an incentive. I glanced around the room
and saw Sarah, dressed in her schoolgirl uniform of tunic, blouse, gloves and
stockings, unceremoniously stuffing an attractive brunette of 25 or so dressed
in bra, panties and self hold stockings, into a bright red rubber
straightjacket. Her arms were already in the sleeves and Sarah, glancing back at
me and smiling was zipping her up the back. She then pulled the crotch piece
between the girl’s legs, almost pulling her in the air and fastened it at the
rear. Instead of pulling the girl’s arms in front of her, she pulled them
behind, and then, excruciatingly it seemed as the girl winced, pulling the ends
round and strapped them at the front. The girl, with her breasts thrust out,
could not move an inch.

Sarah stood back, gave it some thought
and then calmly crammed an inflatable gag into the poor girl’s protesting
mouth. She pumped it to the limit until there wasn’t a peep from the victim,
just glaring eyes and sweat already on her brow. A prefect came over and checked
the straps, nodded approvingly at Sarah and motioned the poor bound girl to sit
to the side. Sarah came over to Emma and I, a sheen of perspiration on her brow.

“I must admit, I quite enjoyed all
that.”

“So I can see, my dear, you really are
entering into the spirit of things here.” I said somewhat sarcastically.

“From the way you are dressed, my
darling, so are you.” Sarah said with a chuckle.

“Touche.” I said and clammed up.
Dressed in my rubber dress and stockings and high heels I knew I was going to
lose that argument! The three of us watched the next couple. Here, a muscular
girl, with strong thighs and arms was clearly outmatching a tall, slim girl of
about 18, with long straight blonde hair. She was already seated on a high
backed chair as the muscular girl had already wrapped a thin nylon rope around
her body. Her arms were pulled over the back of the chair and then the rope was
tied to the front legs. The rope was passed under her armpits around her, tied
at the front and then down between her legs and back up to her shackled wrists.
She next tied her elbows together, thereby pushing the slim girls breasts out,
another rope was then passed over her thighs and under her seat. The girl
wriggled as best she could, but could barely move at all. The prefect came over
to pull on the ropes, but the muscular girl stepped in front of her, saying.

“I haven’t finished yet.” She
wrapped another rope round one of the girl’s ankles, and pulled it back hard
under the seat of the chair until it was flat with the seat bottom, then secured
the rope to the girl’s ankles. The girl moaned quietly, her eyes closed, as
the muscular girl repeated the process with the other ankle. All she could do
now as move her head, her knees looked as if they would almost snap. The
muscular girl stood back, satisfied and then sat down next to the girl who had
been straightjacketed by Sarah.

The third had also finished. The victim
was lying on the floor on her front, her wrists firmly tied behind her back and
her legs pulled back and attached to the wrists by way of a rubber tube. The
stress on her wrists, ankles and back must have been excruciating for she was
bent back like a bow so that her breasts barely touched the floor. I found
myself becoming quite aroused at the sight of this poor victim. Every time she
tried to stretch out the rubber tubing and give her back and arms a break, it
would draw her back again. Her tormentor seemed very happy with herself.

Victim number four was tied to a thick
post with horizontal cross piece. Her arms had been drawn backwards over the
cross piece and then pulled forward, wrists tied in front of her and fastened to
a rope at her waist. Her arms were secured further to the cross beam and then
the other girl, who couldn’t have been more than 18, drew back the girl’s
wrists and tied them to the cross beam. The victim, about 25 and quite cool
looking wasn’t too pleased at being abused by such a young girl, let out a
screech as she was now suspended above the floor and supported by the beam. The
younger girl giggled at the older one’s predicament and grabbed a ball gag and
stuffed it into the older woman’s mouth; she tried to wriggle but it was
useless and she just hung there, mouth puffed out by the gag. The younger girl
smiled proudly, as if she had just passed a school test, which I suppose she
had, and then sat down with the others.

The training of these girls was
obviously going well, as the prefects could find no weakness in any of the
victim’s predicaments.

Victim number five was bent double over
a high stool, legs and arms outstretched, and torso strapped down on the seat
and legs. Her lovely bottom stuck up in the air and her school skirt could not
cover her embarrassment, the white flash of her thighs I found very arousing.
She was not capable of any movement, save for shaking her head.

The girl who was putting victim number
six to the sword was obviously a bit more of an artist, or sadist, and she was
taking her time. She had short-cropped black hair and was tall and very fit. The
victim was also tall, with wavy red hair and white unblemished skin. She was
kneeling on the floor and her knees had been stretched wide apart by means of a
spreader bar attached just below her knees. She was therefore kneeling in the
effective position of a tripod, the third “leg” being her toes. Around her
waist was a cinch belt pulled tight and passing through her crotch was a long
narrow piece of leather attached front and back to the belt. It dug deeply into
her shaved pussy and between the cleft of her cheeks. The girl’s arms were
rudely twisted in front of her neck and the wrists pulled back behind her. There
was a ring attached to the girl’s pinioned wrists and this was attached to a
leather strap and this in turn was tied to the girl’s cuffed ankles. The
effect was the girl was drawn backwards until her head was nearly touching her
ankles. She gasped as the dark haired protagonist pulled one last time and
almost got her head to touch her ankles.

Although the redhead was clearly very
flexible this did not deter from the fact that this form of bondage, with her
torso now almost horizontal, was very uncomfortable. The girl was now just
gasping and straining to stay still, but this did not stop the dark haired girl,
who appeared to have lesbian tendencies by the way she moved her hands over her
body, from gently moving her hand to the girl’s rubber covered crotch, tightly
stretched by the spreader bar. The girl groaned and clenched her eyes shut, her
breasts heaving under the white rubber bra. Satisfied, the dark haired girl
stood, looked down at the redhead as if she could eat her (and maybe that is
exactly what she wanted to do) and sat down with the others.

It all seemed to be over now, and the
prefect in charge indicated that the six poor victims could be released. She
commended all the girls on their bondage talents as slowly the victims were
released. Again I noticed no real hard feelings between the girls, they all
seemed to take it in their stride, perhaps knowing that soon they would get the
chance to do the tying! They returned to the make-up mirrors and applied it
where necessary, and those girls who had been in underclothes dressed again in
their school uniforms. Shortly they joined Emma and I. They looked at me
appreciatively and I got a certain sense of pride in this, surrounded by twelve
rubber-clad beauties and three prefects, including Emma. Sarah, rather
protectively, put her arm round my slim, corseted waist and pulled me closer to
her, making a clear statement that I was her possession. Emma spoke.

“Well we have a half hour to lunch,
what shall we do?” There was a roguish hint in her voice and I had an idea
what was coming. I think she wanted me to be the next victim! The young blonde,
all ponytail and innocence said.

“We could always have a little
practice on Maxine here, his…..her body would look so good all trussed up.
Please Emma.” She dropped her head to the side, all coquettish innocence;
butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth, right? The other girls all chorused in
unison “yes, please, oh please Emma.” I felt very vulnerable indeed and
blurted out quickly.

“Now wait a minute, why is it always
me? Why pick on me again? You’ve had your fun. Try someone else for a
change.” I was really quite indignant and my outburst seemed to surprise them
all. After a thought Emma said.

“Well Maxine has a point, girls, she
has had it pretty hard since she got here. Now as this is a bondage class and as
she has to pass it before graduating from here then, let’s face it, she must
be given the opportunity to show us some of his…..her talents, yes?” There
was silence for a second or two and then the older woman who had suffered at the
hands of the blonde teen said.

“Well, if she’s going to learn, then
who will be her….sacrificial lamb?” There was silence as the girls looked at
each other, each reluctant to “volunteer”. Then Sarah, still gripping me by
the waist looked at me lovingly, said very quietly.

“Why me, of course, aren’t I the
perfect candidate?” She touched her hand to my cheek. “I wouldn’t
want….her to do it to anyone else. I can’t imagine a more….fun
experience.” She smiled at me impishly, pulling me to her as the other girls
clapped their approval.

“No, no I can’t, not yet.” I
struggled, and I saw that Sarah actually looked a bit hurt by my reluctance and
she pinched my rubber bottom.

“But you must, you must, don’t you
see this is what I want. To be made completely immobile, completely in your
power, to do with me as you please.”

It was Emma who spoke next.

“I’m afraid Sarah has made the
decision for you, Maxine. You must, or I will get the other girls to think up an
appropriate punishment for you.” I clearly now had no option, and knowing my
fate Sarah took my hand and led me to the centre of the room while the other
girls arranged themselves around us in a circle. She stood like a mannequin in
front of me, smiling.

“Well, I’m all yours.”

“Give me a minute, will you, for
God’s sake. I have to think of something. If I don’t do this right then I
get to be the victim, right Emma?” And Emma smiled.

“Absolutely Maxine, we have to make it
fair for all, but I have confidence in you.”

I wanted to devise something that was
not only effective but artistic as well, something to show off Sarah’s superb
body. I knew she was extremely flexible, all the ballet training had seen to
that and over the time I had known her we had taken full advantage of that in
our lovemaking.  Now I really wanted
to show her off to the others.

She stood in front of me, arms akimbo;
ankles crossed in a purposefully provocative way, licking her lips, a faint
smile on her face daring me. Okay, I thought, I’ll call your bluff; I’ll
wipe that smart-arse grin off your face!

“All right, first things first, your
outer clothes will have to come off. They’ll simply get in the way.” The
other girls cheered as Sarah undid her tie, slipped out of her heels and
unzipped herself out of her tunic, draping it carefully over a nearby chair. I
had seen her do that a hundred times and it never failed to arouse me. Then she
unbuttoned her blouse slowly, not taking her eyes off me. The other girls
watched this in silence, enjoying the little play between us. My cock, in its
warm, damp enclosure wanted to escape, but to no avail, getting an erection now
would be quite painful. I tried to concentrate on the matter in hand. After
draping the blouse over her tunic she stood still, dressed now in elbow length
gloves, self hold stockings, bra and panties, all in black except for white
frills along the edges of the pants, the tops of the stockings and the tops of
the bra cups. She looked absolutely divine and my cock surged again in its latex
prison; I wanted to jump her right there and she knew it! I handed her a pair of
ankle cuffs, cushioned on the insides and with D rings stitched into them.

“Put one D ring facing the front and
one to the back.” I said. As she bent over, her arse invitingly in the air,
tight in its rubber skin, she smiled again. She tied the anklets tightly and I
handed her a pair of matching wrist cuffs that she strapped tightly round her
wrists.

“Now Sarah, I want you to do the
splits here, the full splits, I know you can do them.” She looked at me
quizzically and then as if part of a circus act, slowly lowered herself into the
full splits, one leg extended in front of her and one behind. She could do it
with relative ease and I peeked down at her womanhood now firmly planted of the
mat. She looked up at me, and I nodded approvingly.

“Excellent my love, now let’s get
you into this.” On a table, together with the ropes and cuffs an interesting
looking helmet which had given me an idea. It was without a zip and covered the
full head, leaving the face exposed. It was made of thickest of black rubber and
embedded at the crown there was a large steel ring. She looked at me a little
less confidently as I squatted in front of her, arranged the helmet at her crown
and in one slow, firm movement pulled it down over her head. It fitted her like
a glove; a thick glove, and I had difficulty in tucking her hair under the long
collar. She said nothing as I did this and when finished I looked down at her.
Her head was now completely enveloped in the thick black rubber, only a small
triangle extending along her brow and down to her mouth was exposed, her cheeks
squeezed by the tight covering. She looked like a little lost child now, almost
cherubic.

“Put your hands behind your back,
please.” I said and she quickly obeyed and I clipped them together. As I moved
to the table again I heard a voice, the voice of the young blonde, the
aggressive eighteen year old. She was smiling, somewhat cruelly at me.

“What about a gag? Well?”

“I really don’t think that is
necessary.” I semi-stuttered as I saw Sarah look up at me, I then glanced at
Emma who looked at the bondage instructor, yielding to her senior in this
matter.

“This time I think we should do it
properly. In severe bondage, compassion can be a sign of weakness. This girl is
your slave, to do with as you please. To stop her speech, to make her dumb, to
fill her mouth until she is silenced is merely an extension of your power. She
should be silenced, mute, and so you will silence her……or else.”

The threat was clear and so I selected
an inflatable gag with a myriad of attached rubber straps from the table and
approached Sarah. To my surprise she smiled up at me, and although I could see
concern in her eyes she said.

“Come on sweetheart, I’d rather you
do this than anyone else, stuff it in, I can take it, and more.” I truly
admired her fortitude and I slipped the soft bladder into her open mouth. She
adjusted around it for comfort and mumbled.

“Come on, hurry it up.” I pulled the
rubber straps over her head; they passed either side of her nose and over her
head to join further straps from under her chin and around and over her ears.
There were no buckles and the rubber was thick and tight, so it took me a short
while until all was in order. She didn’t take her eyes off me, and although
there was now only a small portion of her face visible I knew that look well,
she was excited and hungry for me!

Now was the moment of truth. I took the
bulb in my hand and looking down on her gave it a squeeze, then another. I
watched her head jerk as the air filled the balloon in her mouth and began to
push out her cheeks. I squeezed three more times and a startled look came into
her eyes as her cheeks bulged even more within the helmet. I started to unscrew
the bulb when I was pushed from behind and who should it be but the young
sadistic blonde from earlier.

“That’s no gag, stop being soft on
her, I’ll show you all what a gag is.” She straddled Sarah’s thigh and
seized the inflator. Sarah looked quite alarmed at this and I turned around to
Emma to seek help, but she gave me a tight-lipped smile and shook her head, as
if to say, leave it. Sarah tried to wriggle, but could go nowhere, her right leg
stretched out in front of her on which the blonde was straddled, her left
stretched out behind her and her arms cuffed behind her. The blonde giggled and
squeezed the bulb twice more as Sarah squeaked into the gag and shook her head,
the only movement she was capable of. I pleaded with Emma again and this time
she intervened.

“Zena, I think that is enough, thank
you for your help, now get off Sarah, you’ve had your fun.” Zena did so,
smirking at Sarah’s plight. Sarah’s face, or what could be seen of it behind
the helmet and the gag straps, was pink and her cheeks bulged incredibly;
whereas before there had been a squeak from her, now there was just a faint moan
and she breathed in short bursts through her nose. I put my finger to her cheek
and felt how hard it was.

“You cannot complain Maxine, Zena did
your job for you there. You were weak with Sarah, which I can understand, but
Zena was strong. You will learn, now Sarah is made mute and perfectly dumb, you
can continue.”

So I unscrewed the inflator bulb and
gently pressed Sarah’s head down onto her thigh just above her knee. I then
passed a short piece of rubber tubing through the ring at her ankle cuff and
back through the ring at the crown of her helmet and pulled in both ends. There
was no sound from her and although she is incredibly flexible she must have been
in some discomfort. I tied the ends and sat back on my haunches. Her head,
breasts and stomach were pressed down hard on her thigh and I watched her
diaphragm move slowly as she breathed heavily, her head to the side, her eyes
still on me. Now with more rubber tubing I tied one end to her cuffed wrists and
passed the other end through the D ring at the back of her left ankle cuff.
Before pulling on it I heard sounds of approval from the audience. They could
see where this was going. I drew slowly the tubing in, at first Sarah did not
yield but then she bent her knee back as I continued to pull. She really was
very flexible and there were a few appreciative “ooohs” and “ahhs” form
the girls watching. I pulled until her ankle rested on her buttocks and now
there was only a four inch gap between ankle and wrists. I tied the ends, stood
up and looked down at Sarah, stretched out at my feet.

She must felt as if she was on the rack;
back, thigh, calf and hamstring muscles stretched to the limit. There was
absolutely no movement from her, just the steady rise and fall of her diaphragm
and the noise of the air passing through her nostrils. My heart went out to her
and yet I did feel highly aroused by her utter vulnerability.

Clapping and cheering broke my reverie,
Zena looked on, clapping and smiling at me, I think perhaps sizing me up for the
future. Emma looked very proud of her pupil and I smiled a little sheepishly.
The prefect in charge of the class moved forward.

“Apart from the little hiccup with the
poorly inflated gag Maxine has really extended herself, or should I say Sarah
(laughter). She is proving herself to be a star pupil, I cannot improve on this
position at all.” She knelt beside Sarah and felt the tension on the two
rubber tubes that resembled bowstrings now. She tried to pull on them but there
was really no give at all. She laid a hand on Sarah’s head.

“Sarah, you have quite the
boy….girlfriend there. I think we can all learn something from her. I think
you have already (more laughter). At some future date we must give you the
opportunity to turn the tables, that should be interesting.”

There was an approving murmur from the
assembled girls, I got the sense they would like nothing more that to see me at
the mercy of Sarah. I saw Zena kneel down beside Sarah and feel under her
crotch, moving her hand along the mat. Despite her bonds Sarah moved slightly
and mmmmed through her gag. Emma shouted at her.

“Zena, that’s enough. One more move
like that and I will ask Maxine if she can think of something to keep you under
control.” I relished this thought as this cruel girl withdrew her rubber
gloved fingers and smiled, holding them up for all to see them wet and
glistening. I have to say that did surprise me. Emma now spoke.

“It’s time for lunch now. Off you go
girls.” They did so, taking one last appreciative look at my handiwork. I was
left alone with Emma and Sarah.

“I’m giving up being surprised by
you, Maxine.”

“That Zena, she’s some girl, why
didn’t you intervene?”

“Don’t get too big for those nice
shoes, Maxine dear. Zena just did her job, if the prefect in charge had checked
the gag for tightness and it wasn’t sufficiently inflated then you would have
been in trouble. It’s no consolation for Sarah but Zena saved you from a good
punishment, you can release Sarah now.” Then Emma began to look pensive again.

“You know Maxine, Max, I have a great
affection for you, I really do. But I can see I will get nowhere while Sarah is
here…..pity”

“Well Emma, I….like you…a lot too,
and maybe under other circumsta…..well, you know…I don’t..”

Then she just touched my face.

“Let’s not get too soppy, you’ll
have us both weeping.” Impulsively I kissed her on the hand, holding it for a
second, it was a silly gesture, the hand being clothed in a rubber glove but she
smiled at my gesture.

“You’re the best girlfriend, or
boyfriend I ever had, Maxine.” She put her arm round my waist.

“I find that hard, impossible to
believe Emma. Frankly you are beautiful, funny, witty…and kinky. What man
couldn’t fall for you….or woman?” she looked down at her feet.

“Well, it’s a long story, believe
me.”

“Tell it to me, and Sarah sometime. I
want to be your…friend, well I hope I am already. I’ll be happy to be your
girlfriend Emma. All this stuff doesn’t bother me now, as you can see. And
Sarah, if she could speak….jeez we’re going to have to release her, or I’m
at least in big trouble…well Sarah I’m sure would say the same. Look
Emma….we could introduce you to some of our friends. Don’t look so shocked.
I assume someday we will leave here, not for good, I hope. The world is full of
men that would fall for you. I know they would. I nearly did…but I love Sarah,
you can see that. Now you could make my life miserable here and Sarah’s but I
know you wouldn’t do that. The rubber, the bondage, the slavery, the
transvestism, I can take all of it and as you can see so can Sarah. You have got
yourself a couple of converts here, probably the fastest you’ve ever had.”
My speech seemed to have perked her up and she looked a lot happier. I kissed
her on her cheek and she said.

“Now while we are having this little
love-in, Sarah is a bit uncomfortable and probably getting madder by the minute.
Here, use these scissors to cut the tubing.” I did so and Sarah’s head
jerked upwards. There were no tears, but saliva streamed down from the sides of
her mouth. She looked at me mutely and I kissed her on her forehead, then cut
the rear tube and her foot slammed into the mat, she winced. I released her
wrists and she slowly stood, stretching, not even attempting to take the gag
out. She was a very sexy sight in rubber stockings, gloves, panties and bra -
and with the full head mask and gag. She pointed to her gag and I released the
valve, and then pulled the tight straps over her head and the gleaming gag
plopped out. She smiled ruefully and massaged her chin.

“I can’t wait to get hold of Zena,
the bondage was pretty rough, but the gag. It’s the biggest thing I’ve had
in my mouth since your coc….oops sorry.”

“Sarah! Please!” And we all laughed.
Sarah took my hand and looked me hard in the eye and with a sinister smile on
her face, said.

“Max…ine, while I was stretched out
there I managed to come up with a couple of interesting positions for you. I
would suggest you do more ballet, or maybe yoga in the next day or so, because
I’m going to have you doing a very good impression of a pretzel pretty soon!
Right Emma?”

“That’s what we promised, I shall
just be an interested observer.”

“I bet you will.” I mocked.

“Come here.” Sarah said and grabbed
me round the waist, giving me a hungry kiss. “I feel as if I have been bent in
two, I need food.” She put on her blouse and carefully tied her school tie.
Then her tunic and then her heels as if nothing had happened; she was
incorrigible. It looked very strange with the full head mask that she then, with
some difficulty, pulled off. Her hair was matted and she shook her head to give
it some body.

“Here, I’m getting good at this.”
I said, and applied some make-up to her perfect features. She cheekily pursed
her lips and I applied some lipstick.

“Come on, there won’t be any food
left, let’s go.” Said Emma. “I can’t show my true affection for you both
or I will be under the whip and probably demoted to student, so lead on.”
Sarah on impulse kissed Emma on the cheek and then after a second, on her lips.
And so we left together, Emma trailing us by a step. Sarah did not turn to her
but spoke aloud.

“You’re not such a tough nut, Emma.
You are a warm, affectionate, intelligent woman, and sexy, with the emphasis on
sexy. I think we can find someone for you, maybe who can accommodate your
“strange” sexual desires. I don’t think we will have any problem at
all.”

“That would be nice, but I like a
challenge, Maxine here was a challenge.”

“And you triumphed.” I said
knowingly. “The problem is you have a very willing victim!”

We joined the rest of the school at lunch; no
comment was made of our late arrival and the meal passed without event. During
it however, glances passed between the three of us, and it seemed as if a bond
had been made, based perhaps on the strangest foundation.

20.05.06

to be continued in **[part seven](finishing_school7.html)**

**\* \* \***
