---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dominatrix Latex Genie Freed
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- F/f
- M+F+/f
- fpov
- majick
- latex
- climax
- armbinder
- buttplug
- public
- legbinder
- hood
- toys
- gag
- oral
- liquid-latex
- straps
- tease
- denial
- tickle
- enclosed
- transported
- lactate
- cons
- XXX
date: 2025-10-05 00:00:00
---

I had taken a 30-day cruise around the Pacific then I took a repositioning trip with the ship going from Australia to California. That would take another 3 weeks and included stops at small islands that cruise ships do not normally visit. My story starts at one of these stops.

My name is Natille, Nat for short. I had just graduated college and was enjoying my graduation gift, the cruise, I had received from my family. They had all pitched in and bought it for me. When I was walking around the small island the ship was at, I came across an old lady having trouble unloading her car and carrying her groceries so I ran up and helped her. After making two trips upstairs with arms full of groceries, she thanked me and gave me a rubber ball about the size of a golf ball. The lady asked me to be as good to this as I was to her. I thanked her for the “gift” and left. I returned to the ship a few hours before we set sail so I took a nap so I could dance well into the night.

When I woke up, I noticed the rubber ball sitting on the desk next to my computer. Picking it up I said out loud, “I must have been more tired than I thought because I don’t remember taking you out of my pocket.” I rubbed off a few finger prints, set it back on the desk and took a shower. Since I was alone in my cabin, I walked out of the bathroom naked and stopped when I saw HER.

Standing in the middle of my cabin was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. The woman was about six feet tall, had all the right curves in all the right places. Her breasts were firm and sized perfectly to fit her body. She had long bright red hair that went down to her toned ass. Her eyes were red and glowing. Her whole body was covered in a tight latex catsuit and her waist was squeezed into a very tight corset.

“Greeting little one,” she said in a soft melodic voice that was soothing. For some reason I did not feel threatened so I just stood there as she circled me a few times. “So, you are the kind one that assists people for no personal reward to herself. Well, I am your reward.” She stopped behind me, reached around and began to play with my breasts and nipple. As I moaned, she sucked on the sensitive spot where my neck and shoulder meet. From just that attention I orgasmed and fell back into her. She continued for a little bit after my orgasm before she guided me to the bed and laid me down. She looked down on me with a predatory gaze and said, “You and I are going to have some good times.”

Once I recovered and caught my breath I asked, “Who are you and what’s going on here?”

“I am Astra,” she replied. “I am a magical creature that rewards people like yourself. People that selflessly help others. I am what you would call a genie. I grant a very specific type of wishes; I grant sexual desires. I went through your computer and I have a good idea of yours. You wish for tight, inescapable restraints, forced orgasms to the point of pain, some extreme but sexy things people have drawn but mainly you wish to totally let go and give yourself over to someone, sexually.

I just looked at her in shock and nodded my head yes.

Laughing, she looked around the small room and said, “First I need space to work.” She snapped her fingers and then I was rolled over by some unseen force, my arms were pulled behind my back and a latex mono-glove armbinder slid up my arms. The armbinder forced my elbows tight together and straps went over my shoulders, crossed between my breasts, around my side and connected to the opposite side of the armbinder, making sure I could not get it off. I dildo was shoved into my pussy before my legs were squeezed together in a tight latex leg binder that covered me from my feet to over my waist. My head was covered by a latex hood that I could not remove or see out of. A ring gag was attached to it forcing my mouth to remain opened but a cock was shoved through the ring keeping me quiet.

As the dildo began to vibrate Astra said, “Don’t go anywhere I had something to take care of.”

I do not know how long I was left like that but my wiggling and struggles did not help me get loose and the vibrator was just strong enough to get me REALLY excited but not make me cum. I felt light-headed for a second then I felt a breeze. I felt soft gentle hands roll me over onto my back and the cock gag was removed.

“I might be your reward for doing good but I sometimes want payment, like now,” Astra said. I felt her straddle my face and felt her lower her pussy onto my face, lined up with the ring. I began to lick her and got even more horny as her delicious juices began to flow. It did not take long before she was screaming in orgasm. Her juices filled my mouth and I drank as best I could. “That was good. You need some work but we’ll get to that later, I think. Now let us start this show off with a bang.”

I groaned in frustration as all my restraints disappeared and she stopped me from reaching down and playing with my soaking wet pussy. She led me into another room and it was then that I realized I was in one of the large suites on the ship. Laying spread out in the middle of the room was a black latex sheet. On the sheet was a large bowl filled with a black liquid and several straps. I glanced around the suite and was impressed with the whole thing. “How did you manage this?” I asked.

“I’m a genie, silly,” she replied. “You have two choices. First, we can stop playing, for now and you can enjoy the cruise with all the perks that go with this room or option two.” She gently pulled me onto the latex sheet and picked up the bowl before continuing. “Option two is you pour this over your head and have the time of your life. You will not be released until the cruise ends but I don’t think you would really want to be.” She reached out with the bowl waiting for me to make up my mind.

I was normally not into participating in bondage activities but I had been enjoying Astra’s games. After a minute of thinking I grabbed the bowl and poured it over my head. The liquid was thick and slightly cold as it hit the top of my head and began to run down me. The liquid began to quickly spread down my body. It covered my whole body but somehow, I could still see and breathe. On the outside it felt like latex but it made me supper sensitive to the touch.

Next the straps, on their own, launched themselves at me. My arms were pulled behind my back, hand pulled up between my shoulders into a reverse prayer and strapped in that position. My body was locked into a body harness that had straps wrapping me above and below my breast. My waist was squeezed tightly by a series of straps. Two straps went over my shoulders and there were two straps that went between my legs that forced my pussy lips apart. My legs were spread out, pulled up next to my body and strapped in that position. When the activity stopped, I was laying on my back, arms in a reverse prayer, legs spread wide and strapped to a harness wrapped around my torso, leaving my pussy and ass exposed for all the world to see.

As if reading my mind, the “suit” began to work its way inside me. It felt like dildos began sliding inside both my private holes. I moaned as I got even more worked up. I was brought closer to but did not achieve the release I wanted. My mouth was also filled by the suit. After I was good and full, the objects inside me seemed to deflate leaving a latex sheath behind. I groaned in frustration, still riding the edge of my desired orgasm but still denied.

Laughing, Astra asked, “Is my new little friend frustrated?” She moved her hand in a flourish and a sheet I hadn’t paid attention to, slid off the object it had been covering. I could not believe what I was looking at. Sticking up from the middle of a two foot pedestal was the most impressive dildo I had ever seen. The thing was four feet long. The top was about three inches thick and it became gradually thicker for the next twelve inches to about five inches. Throughout the entire length there were bumps and ridges. The whole thing had a shine to it. “This is for you and I am sure it will give you the release you need.”

As if by magic, I was then lifted into the air and floated toward the phallus. I stopped a few feet from it then Astra brought me a glass filled with a clear liquid. She unceremoniously forced my head back and poured the thin liquid into my opened mouth. There was no taste to the liquid as it was poured into my mouth. I was surprised when I felt the liquid begin to drip out of my ass and I knew what she was planning to do. As if reading my mind, she winked at me and nodded. Despite my best efforts, I could not get loose as I floated over to the dildo. “Don’t worry my dear, you will not be hurt and I promise you will have the time of your life.” I was slowly lowered onto the dildo.

I felt pressure on the opening of my ass and tried to relax knowing I could not stop this. The pressure increased until the head of the dildo popped into my lubed ass. I exploded in pure ecstasy as my impending orgasm erupted. I screamed, wiggled and twitched as the most powerful and pleasurable orgasm in human history rocked my world. Somehow, I rode the whole thing without passing out and when I recovered my senses, I was not the least bit tired. Astra kissed me passionately before my descent, which had stopped when I came, began again.

The large phallus began a slow journey into me as I was lowered. As I was lowered I felt each bump and ridge enter my ass. I was soon rocked by another orgasm. Though not as intense the orgasm still had me losing all thought and the ecstasy I felt was all consuming. The orgasm lasted so long that when I recovered, I could feel the phallus all the way to my throat. Knowing there was nothing I could do, I just tilted my head back and waited as the phallus continued its travel through me. I don’t know why I was surprised to actually SEE the head of the phallus come into my view as it raised out of my mouth.

“You look really sexy impaled, but that…” Astra said. “You look better than the drawing I saw on your computer.” Since the phallus that impaled me prevented me from lowering my head to look anywhere but up, I was surprised when she reached around me from behind. One hand grabbed a breast and the other went to my wet sensitive crotch. Her hands grabbing me caused me to cum again. I wiggled and writhed in ecstasy which caused the unmoving dildo to rub in all the right places and my orgasm ramped up even more. The raw carnal ecstasy plateaued at a level that it felt like my whole body was nothing but a pleasure source that was out of control.

I do not know how long the ecstasy continued but when I came back to my senses, I could tell the sun had gone down. I was still impaled through my ass with the largest dildo ever seen and tightly restrained. “Welcome back,” Astra said. “I have a wonderful idea for us.” She snapped her fingers and the ceiling changed; I was somewhere else on the ship. “You are in one of the crew hangout areas. Your pedestal claims you are a new high-tech sex toy. The crew will get to play with you all they want. Since you are covered in the suit nobody will recognize you and nothing bad will happen to you. While keeping an eye on you, I will enjoy all the cruise ship has to offer. So, for the next five days you will be the ultimate sex toy for the crew and experience some awesome pleasures.” She kissed my cheek and then was gone.

After a few minutes, just enough time for my breathing to slow down, I heard people enter. Since I could not look anywhere but up, I guessed there were three people. They talked about how sexy and realistic I looked. Before long they were gently poking me with their fingers but before long they were grabbing and fondling all my sensitive spots. In short order I was rocked by another orgasm. As I twitched and wiggled as little as the restraints and the dildo permitted, they stopped and commented on my realism. It only took a second for them to determine I could not be real since the dildo went all the way through me. That was all it took and then all their reservation and inhibition vanished.

I was the center of attention for the rest of the cruise. I was fucked by several guy and women took turned playing with and sucking my pussy and tits. The orgasms kept coming and each one felt as fresh and pleasurable as the last. I never got tired, hungry or felt dirty. The crew did not seem to care that when one person finished, I was instantly cleaned and ready for the next person.

It happened instantly, one of the crew was finishing with me and I was cumming like the sexy pot I had become then I was back in the suite. Astra let me come down from my orgasm before asking, “Did you have a good time? I really enjoyed the cruise. I understand why so many people take them.” She then began to suck on one of my breasts and slid two fingers into my pussy. Just as I started to come the entire dildo began to vibrate. The orgasm was the most powerful thing I had ever felt. I screamed and moaned around the vibrating dildo sticking out of my mouth causing spit to fly. I was lost in pleasure so intense and consuming, my whole world stopped and I was in heaven.

When I came back to reality I was lying in a super comfortable bed. It took me a minute to realize I was laying in latex sheets. As I looked over myself, I saw no marks or bruises anywhere on me. Since I did not have clothes, I got up naked and went into the massive bathroom. The bathroom was something out of one of those rich and famous people's magazines. Large sinks, tile floor, back-lit mirror, big show and massive deep jacuzzi tub. The tub was filled with water and a naked Astra looking even sexier than I remembered.

“Come in,” she said. “You've had a busy few days and have earned some relaxation before we talk. I have an idea.” I grinned at the excited look on her gorgeous face as I walked over and stepped into the deep tube. I turned my back to her and she began to massage me. In no time I was super relaxed and just laid into her. I did not fall asleep but my mind just drifted to the whole experience I had with and because of Astra.

After a few minutes I asked Astra, “What did you want to talk about?”

“Aren’t you just a quite eager beaver?” she replied. She turned me, picked me up and carried me over to a table that had a massive breakfast on it. Somehow, I was dry and my hair was neatly combed by the time she set me down. “After you eat, we will talk.” When I was finished eating Astra walked carrying a latex robe which she put me into, then guided me to a sofa and sat me down.

“You were my last charge. I am free to, within a few restrictions, to do what I want. Over the millennia I have been stuck serving, I have grown to enjoy granting pleasure and ecstasy. I feed on the energies given off. You are one of the few people that has a good heart. That is extremely rare and I like that about you. I LOVE the fact that you are submissive and have a sexual appetite like I only encountered once before. Unfortunately, I could not truly enjoy it.” She paused for a minute to let me process her words before she continued, “What my idea was to set-up a fetish and sex themed cruise ship. Once the ship sets sail, fetish-clothes or no-clothes will be the dress code, and any legal sexual activity you want can happen.”

“Ok, how does that involve me?” I asked.

“I need you for two reasons, plus I like you and enjoy your reactions and eagerness to please me,” she replied. “First, honestly, I need you to stay with me so I can keep all my powers. Since you were my last charge, my powers are attached to you but I am the only one that can access them. I do want to make it clear that the many reasons I want you here is because I like you and think you are a lot of fun,” she made a point to clarify that point.

“So, what’s the second part?” I asked after a short pause.

Giggling she said “After looking at your computer there are a lot of things I think would be awesome on the ship we are putting together. The problem is I can only truly experiment on you. Since my powers are linked to you, I can only ensure your safety when I am trying out totally new ideas. The pictures of real people doing real things I can recreate for anyone. The drawing, like you getting impaled through the ass, I can only do to you. If the activity can be done on “normal people” I can create a way for it to happen after I had done it to you.”

“So, you need me as a guinea-pig for your sexual perversions,” I replied with my best serious face. I could only hold it for a few seconds before I busted out laughing at Astra’s flabbergasted expression.

It only took her a couple seconds to realize I was teasing and laughing at before she jumped on me and started to tickle me. The whole time saying, “So you want to play games. I do not need magic to show you who’s boss.”

Once I was good and tickled, she let me recover before proceeding. “You are basically correct. I will try out ideas I have on my own, plus ones I get from your computer on you. Naturally the finished product will be something modern science will be able to create since most people do not believe in magic.” She got up, offered me a hand, and said “it’s time, get ready to get off the ship and you have to get packed.”

I stood and noticed a large silver hard-sided suitcase standing up on its wheels. I had never seen it before so I figured Astra had something special planned for it and me. She winked at me when I gave her a confused look, so naturally I opened the case. The inside was shining pink latex padding that looked to fill the entire inside. In the center of the bottom was a large dildo. Large by normal standards not “Astra” standards. There was a second dildo, smaller and shorter than the first one, sticking out from the front of the case. It took me all of two seconds to figure out what Astra meant when she said I “had to get packed.”

“How is this going to work?” I asked as I looked at the suitcase.

I swear I could hear her roll her eyes before Astra replied, “You get in and I take us home. As usual, you are really going to enjoy the ride.”

Since I knew what she meant and I was horny after her tickle torture, I turned my back to the case and sat down. The case did not move as I pushed against the well lubed latex padding. I did not have any trouble sliding my wet pussy down the dildo. The dildo filled me to a surprisingly comfortable level and felt good with me just sitting on it.

Once I was seated, Astra pushed my chest and head back and the padding just sucked me into it until my head was gently but firmly squeezed from the front of my ears, around the top of my head down to the sides of my neck. The latex wrapped halfway over my shoulders, sides and about two thirds of the way around my waist. I wiggled a bit and quickly realized that between the tightness of the latex padding and the lube I was stuck by a vacuum. Astra lifted my arms over my head and pushed them into the padding. She stopped pushing when my arms and hands were most buried into the padding. Again, I struggled a little and was not surprised that I was good and stuck. She then lifted my left, bent it at the knee, and pushed it up next to my waist. With little effect and a very short amount of time my upper leg was stuck in the padding against my side. She repeated the process with my right leg before the suitcase was laid down and I sunk a little bit more into the latex ensuring I was really stuck and not going anywhere.

Looking at me like a predator about to devour its next meal, Astra knelt and began to suck my clit. Her skills in sucking a woman off were awesome. She got me to the edge and kept me there for several minutes. She stopped sucking and slid two fingers into my hot messy pussy and was able to keep me on the edge. “I want you to give yourself to me. I will give you experiences like you have been sampling. All you must do is embrace your submissive side. All you must do is give yourself to me, accept me as your Mistress, lover, and guardian.”

When she finished her lips returned to my clit and I was rocketed to the orgasm that had been denied me. The pure carnal pleasure slammed into and consumed me. I twitched and wiggled as I lost control of my body and just orgasmed. After what felt like an eternity, she stopped and stood up. She just watched as aftershocks washed over me until finally, I returned to my body and my brain started to work again.

She kissed me deeply and said, “Do not answer. This is not the place for you to make a decision like that. Now open the pretty little mouth of yours.” As she pulled away, she started to close the suitcase I stuck in. The dildo attached to the other side was positioned to line up with my mouth. Groaning, I opened my mouth and the dildo slid in. It was large enough to fill my mouth completely but not painfully. The depth was also perfect so I did not gag but it felt comfortable filling me.

When the case locked shut, I had a small orgasm because of the whole set-up. I was totally immobilized squeezed between two firm latex pads and I had a dildo deep inside my pussy and mouth. After the orgasm I struggled but I could not move at all. As I struggled, I must have accidently sucked on the dildo in my mouth because a thick liquid dribbled out. It has the taste and consistency of male cum. Somehow, I knew then that that was all I was going to get as nourishment. Since I was thirsty from the morning activities and orgasms I began to suck. The more I sucked the more “cum” dribbled out.

I could tell when the case was moving because the vibrations went straight to the dildo inside my pussy. The vibrations were hitting the right spot because I had an orgasm quickly. After my third, almost consecutive orgasm, I futilely struggled to get loose or just away from the dildo inside me. Naturally all I did was wear myself out. In between orgasms and sucking the cock in my mouth I slept. My dreams were of Astra doing all kinds of sexual things to me. Since I was totally isolated and had slept some, I had no way to take time so I was surprised when the case opened and Astra was ginning down at me. “You’re a hot mess,” she said.

She pulled me out of the case and off the dildo that gave me so much pleasure. I was carried into a beautiful bathroom and lowered into a tube filled with hot water. Astra joined me in the tube and bathed me, treating me like a princess. When she was done cleaning me, we had the best straight sex of my life. I fell asleep in her arms.

When I woke up, I was alone in the largest bed I have ever seen. “This thing needs its own zip code,” I whispered. When I got out of bed, I realized I was completely naked and I had no idea where I was. The room was like something out of a fairy tale. Everything was beautiful, polished, and pristinely clean. I heard music coming from down the hall and followed it. In the middle of a large living room was Astra singing alone with the music. She was wearing a black latex thong leotard, thigh high leggings and high heeled boots, all in latex. I gasped as she turned towards me and I noticed her breasts were on full display through the opening in the front of her outfit.

I was frozen in place as she approached me with a look of hunger. She circled me a couple times before stopping in front of me and kissing me. Once she broke the kiss she backed up, spread her arms and twirled around a couple times. “What do you think?” she asked.

Still staring at her I replied, “I think I’m in love.”

She giggled and replied, “You’re funny and thanks, but I meant about our new home.”

“How is this all ours?”

“Magic you silly. I did tell you that as long as we are together, I can do a great many things. This house was easy. All the paperwork…that was hard,” she said. “Speaking of together.” She held up a latex collar. “If the answer to the last question I asked on the ship is yes then put this on. If you do, you will be my little plaything.”

The latex collar was pink latex about two inches wide and did not look very thick. It had a clip on both ends that would lock together. Inscribed in elegant golden script on the collar opposite where the clips would lock was the word “Pet.”

I took it with a shaking hand, took a deep breath, and clipped the collar around my neck. Instantly the collar tightened up and the clip disappeared forming an intact ring around my neck. The collar was tight enough to make its presence known but not uncomfortable. I also immediately knew two things.

One: the collar would never come off or be hidden.

Two: it linked Astra and me together. She would know where I was and what I was feeling. It would help her feed on my pleasure.

She squeezed me a tight hug and then kissed me. “You have no idea how happy you just made me. A willing pet is the most treasured thing in my species' existence. We are going to have so much fun together, of course most of it will be at your expense. Now it is time to make this official.” She pushed me away from her.

I stumbled back a few steps before sometimes cool and slimy grabbed me around the waist and lifted me into the air. My arms were pulled behind me going down my back, forearms squeezed together like I was wearing a mono-glove armbinder. My legs bent at the knees and coated in the slimy stuff, like my forearms, forcing my ankles against my thighs in a tight frog tie. My legs were spread wide exposing my crotch. The slim then wrapped around my neck, spreading from my shoulders to my chin and around up to my ears. I could not move any part of my head except my eyes.

Astra walked up to me, slid a finger down the side of my face causing me to shiver. Chuckling she said, “You are naturally so sensitive to my touch. It makes me believe that we were destined to meet and you were destined to be my play toy, my pet.” She kissed me with more passion than ever. Just as she pulled away, breaking the kiss bot, my nipples were grabbed by the slim. My nipples were squeezed and pulled. The sensation was intense and sent tingles straight down between my legs. A large ring about two inches wide appeared in Astra’s hand and she wrapped it around the base of my left breast. The ring contracted until the base of the breast was squeezed firmly and formed a round ball. She then repeated the process with my right breast. The rings began to vibrate, sending strange but pleasurable sensations through my breast. Astra reached down between my soaking wet legs and pinched my clit. I exploded in an intense orgasm. I bucked and wiggled as Astra began to roll my sensitive bud in her fingers to force the orgasm to continue.

When she finally released my clit, I collapsed as much as my restraints permitted. The activity on my breast had also stopped but I could still feel the ring tightly around the base of each breast. I could also tell the slime was no longer covering my nipples.

Astra said, “It’s time for a demonstration of the symbiotic relationship we have together.” As exhausted as I was, all I could do was grunt. She stood up, leaned over me, took one of my nipples into her mouth and began to suck. As she sucked, I felt myself becoming energized and after a few sucks I felt like I had a full night’s sleep. Just like everything she has done to me, her sucking on my breast was getting me really horny. Without warning I was rocked by a massive orgasm as the nipple she was sucking on began to squirt milk into her mouth. The orgasm was a completely different kind of pleasure. This orgasm did not have a center that the pleasure exploded from. This orgasm equally consumed my whole body. My whole body was one big pleasure center. I screamed her name before I was lost in this new ecstasy. The slime held me in place throughout the whole orgasm. The orgasm never truly stopped when she changed nipples and sucked on the other one. My orgasm continued until she stopped sucking my breast.

She reached up, grabbed my face, and kissed me deeply. As she kissed me, I felt a warm sensation spreading from my lips to my whole body. After a few minutes of kissing, she pulled away and the warm sensation fading leaving me feeling better than I had ever felt. I was lowered to the ground and released from the slim and stood up. Not only was I not stiff at all, but my normally stiff wrist moved like it was brand new and did not pop.

Grinning, I said, “I do not remember ever feeling this good. Thank you.”

“Well, my little pet, you are feeling better than ever because you ARE better than ever. Because we are together, we sustain each other. Your breast milk nourishes me and my kisses and another thing: I do the same for you.” She grabbed my waist and pulled me into another mind-blowing kiss that sent tingles and sparks throughout my whole body. When she broke the kiss, I was so totally out of it that she laughed and said, “You didn’t hear a word I said, did you?” Grinning mischievously when I shook my head she continued “I’m going to have so much fun with that hot little body of yours.” She released my waist, took one of my hands and led me into another room.

This room scared and excited me at the same time. It was huge. It looked like a small well lit and immaculately clean warehouse and it was filled with at least 50 sex machines, restraint devices and hundreds of sex toys. In the center, on a pedestal was the massive dildo that I had been impaled on for those few days. She released my hand and let me look around. I gulped as I circled it and slid my hand down a small portion of its long length.

“Oh yes, pet,” Astra wisped into my ear sending a chill down my spine. “Your adventures with that are far from over. I enjoyed the sight of your ecstasy coming because of that too much for it to be a one time thing.”

After I spent several minutes looking around, I asked, “Are all these for me to experience?”

“Eventually my pet,” she replied. “I just wanted to let you see some of what is in store for you.” She clapped her hands and said “Now take a shower and get dressed. I have guests coming and you need to look the part.

I walked through the living room, the massive bedroom and into an extravagant bedroom. I decided to admire the bathroom later and climbed into the shower. After getting used to all the shower heads I got cleaned and after drying off, I walked into the bedroom and noticed my “outfit” laying on the bed. The best description I could give was a dress. I put my head through the opening, pulled it down and looked at myself in the mirror. The dress I wore was long, about 7 feet, 2 feet wide piece of super soft metallic looking silver cloth with an opening in the middle that I put my head through. The fabric hung evenly down my front and back. On both sides just below my breasts was a golden rope chain connecting the dress’s front and back parts. As long as I didn’t make quick or sudden movements, the dress covered my “lady bits.” When I was dressed, I walked out to find Astra.

I found her sitting on a large black leather couch. She grinned when she saw me and moved one of her fingers in a circular motion so I slowed down and slowly spun in a circle giving her a good look. She nodded and then patted the couch next to her. I sat down next to her and was pulled into a very passionate and long kiss. My whole body tingled and I felt what could only be described as energy flowing into me.

After a good long make out session she broke the kiss, stood me up and said, “Now you look like a pet of mine should.” I blushed when I looked down and figured out what she meant. My nipples were rock hard and the dress did nothing to hide them. I also felt moister from my excited pussy running down my legs and I knew it was visible. “Yes, one of the subtle changes I made to you was that your moisture increases.” She grabbed me into a hug, kissed me some more and slid one hand down to my butt. She moved the dress aside and slid a finger into my ass. The finger electric shock of pleasure into me and I instantly came. She didn’t break the kiss for my screams of pleasure were muffled. She removed her finger, broke the kiss and still holding me said, “You’re here just in-time.”

I buried my face into her shoulder as I heard applause from behind me. I took a deep breath and turned around to see our visitors. There were about 20 people all dressed in fetish attire or some form of restraints. The people appeared to be from different parts of the world. Most of the men were Doms with the women as subs but there were a few women that were defiantly in charge of their relationships. Most of them wore leather leaving only a few to wear latex. Everyone looked gorgeous and in great shape.

One of the two dominant women walked up and said, “Mistress Astra I am impressed with the transportation here. I must admit, I am impressed.” She looked me up and down with an appeasing eye and a look that made me feel like a stake being evaluated before being eaten. “I am also impressed with your little pet here.” Most of the others agreed with her before she continued, “I am still not convinced the video I saw was real. AI can do incredible things now.”

Grinning, Astra replied, “I was hoping you would say something like that. It shows you are as intelligent as you are beautiful. I think you have the potential to be a great partner.” Astra reached between the pieces of my dress, slid two fingers into my wet pussy, and gently but forcefully pulled me to follow her. “Please, guests, follow me.” I was led into the playroom.

They gasped as they entered. Astra led me to some shelves that had several latex restraints. I groaned with desire as she removed her fingers and walked to the shelves. She moaned when she sucked my juices off her figure then picked up something. She walked around behind me and gently pushed my arms behind my back palm to palm. She slid the latex monoglove up my arms. My forearms were squeezed together before she even tightened it. The latex slid all the way up my arms over and around my shoulders. The front started out in two pieces but they joined into one solid piece. The armbinder now covered my arms full up to and around my shoulders. I gasped when the latex began to tighten up. My arms were squeezed tightly so I could not separate them.

Astra leaned in from behind and bit the tender spot on my neck right where it connected to my collarbone. I moaned in pleasure and leaned into her. She quickly turned me around, pushed me against a wall, lowered herself and took one of my nipples into her mouth. I immediately came as she began to nibble and suck. The orgasm was intense and I did not want it to stop. The ecstasy subsided for a second until she changed breasts and my other nipple was attacked by her and I was lost to the orgasm.

My next coherent thought was her kissing me. Incredibly I felt my strength return the longer she kissed me. “Welcome back, pet.” Turning around, she led me to an area surrounded by shelves of more sex toys than I had ever seen, even more than were at the local sex shop. She attached the D ring on the bottom of the armbinder to a cable that was lowered from the ceiling.

“Guests,” Astra loudly said. “I am sure you still have doubts about the video, my abilities and the truth about my pet truly being human.” In a sweeping motion towards me and the room she continued, “I give you a couple hours to enjoy everything in the room, including my pet here. After the time is up, I will restrain her appropriately and then impale her on the prize of my collection again. After that you will have 24 hours to do what you want with her, as long as you do not violate my rules. Hopefully at the end, when my pet is released uninjured, we can finish our negotiations.” She leaned over to me and whispered, “and you, have a good time.” After another deep kiss she walked away leaving me to my fate.

The dom that had questioned Astra approached me and I gulped. I was not afraid that I was in danger, I was intimidated by the woman. She was five foot nine inches tall and that put her six inches taller than me. The way she carried herself, her confidence, and her presence all rolled into a beautiful woman. Her tight red leather over bust corset, matching tight leather pants and boots added to the image. The six-foot tall well-built sub. His arms were secured behind his with leather straps, His cock was locked into a small cock cage that had a leash that was in her hand. She looked at her sub and said, “Find me something for her pretty little ass.” She dropped the leash and then walked up to me, grabbed my face, and pulled me into a kiss. After a long kiss she said, “You are a good kisser. Your Mistress is a lucky woman.”

The man returned with an inflatable butt plug and a leather riding crop that matched his mistress’s outfit. After thanking him she began to tighten the cable attached to the end of my armbinder. As the cable forced my hands up, I was forced to bend at the waist. My arms continued to raise until I was bent as far as I could. Once the mistress was happy with my position the rewarded her sub by telling him he can fuck my face. He took the offered key, released his cock from its cage, and walked up to my face.

By the time he was standing in front of me his cock was rock hard, and let me tell you it was quite the rock. I liked my lips in anticipation and opened my mouth. Being bent over like I was my face and mouth were at the perfect height so he forcefully shoved his cock into my mouth. I gagged during the first thrust but was able to relax and take his full length. He quickly fucked me but following his mistress’s order he pulled out and shot his load all over my face and into me hair. I had closed my eyes so I could not see but it felt like he came for a long time and shot a lot onto me.

I jumped when I felt someone suck my clit into their mouth. Just as the person sucking my clit got into a rhythm, a cock was shoved into my ass. Fortunately, the cock was already lubed because it was large enough to stretch me but it felt really good. Between my clit and ass, I was forced into a large orgasm that had me screaming in pleasure. The activity continued even after I came down and started to wiggle and squirm, trying to get away from the mouth sucking on my clit. My face was grabbed and a cock was shoved into my mouth.

“This should quiet her and stop her squirming,” one of the male doms said. He then joined in the activity and I was brought to three more orgasms before the man in my ass came, in such a large quantity that I could feel it running out from around his cock and down my legs. The man fucking my face pulled out and shot his load all over my face. Everyone pulled out, stepped away and I was lowered to the ground totally spent and exhausted.

The first female dom told her slave to quickly cum over all over me. He did not waste any time before he stood over me and began to work himself until he came all over me. That man came a lot before he finally stopped. The mistress pulled me up to my knees by my hair and told me to clean his cock so she can cage it. Groaning, I opened my mouth and liked his cock and balls until she was happy. The other male slave came over and he also came all over my face before I was made to lick him clean as well.

Once I was finished Astra came and said, “Wow little pet, you’re a mess. I must admit I like the haggard and messy look on you.” She helped me to stand and then passionately kissed me, returning my strength and my hormones. “Come along guests, it is time for the show to begin.” I was led towards the middle of the room where the “super dildo” waited.

Set-up next to the pedestal that the dildo was mounted on, Astra had set-up a table with the items she would use and a place for me to sit. “If the men wish to help drink the potions on the pedestal. It will rejuvenate your cocks and increase your cum releases. I need lube dumped into her mouth and y’alls cum will work.” Both the slaves and one of the doms drank the potions.

I was made to sit on the table, my armbinder was removed and Astra began to buckle me into the harness that I would wear. The latex straps of the harness wrapped above and below my breast. My waist was squeezed tightly by a rigid corset that squeezed inches off my waist. Two straps went over my shoulders and there were two straps that went between my legs that forced my pussy lips apart. My legs were spread out, pulled up next to my body and strapped in that position. Finally, my arms were pulled behind my back, hand pulled up between my shoulders into a reverse prayer and strapped in that position.

Once I was secured, I was sat up, made to look up and open my mouth. The three men that had drunk the potion surrounded me and barely started to work themselves before they began to cum. The amount of cum each one shot was incredible. Most of it made it into my opened mouth but my face and upper body was totally covered. All the guys backed away with satisfied expressions on their faces.

“Okay ladies,” Astra said. “It's enough.” The female slave backed away from the, now well lubed dildo. I was magically lifted into the air and moved over to directly above the dildo. I felt the guys cum start to drip from my ass as Astra said, “as you can see the lube provided by the volunteers has run through and my pet here is ready.” One of the female slaves came up and licked my ass to taste the cum. She confirmed that it was cum before she returned to her master’s side. Astra made a large flourish with one of her hands and was slowly lowered onto the massive dildo intent to impale me.

The tip of the massive dildo entered my ass smoothly and with surprising ease. Once the smooth round tip was in the ruff vaned part pleasurably rubbed my whole body and I had my first orgasm before I was even a foot down on it. I shutter and twitched as the pleasure ran through me. The orgasm continued or I had others in such rapid succession that it felt like one long one. When I recovered, I was looking up at the ceiling and I could see the tip of the monster sticking out of my mouth. Between the restraints and the feel of the dildo going all the way through me, and yes I could feel every inch of it, and the knowledge that I was stuck until Astra wanted to release me caused my cum again. This orgasm was epic in its power. My vision whited out as my whole body seemed to become a pleasure center and exploded. I screamed and moaned around the dildo sending spit everywhere. The restraints held me as I twitched, wiggled and struggled. The ecstasy was all I could think about and I did not want it to stop. For several minutes I got my wish and I was lost in the glorious pleasure of the epic orgasm before it receded leaving me totally spent.

When I returned to coherent thought, I heard Astra talking but I was distracted when I felt a tongue begin to lick and suck my clit. Given my current state of restraint, arousal, and the skill of the woman I was launched again into orgasmic bliss. This orgasm was one that slammed into me without any warning. I moaned and twitched, enjoying the pleasure knowing I could do nothing else. The woman stopped and I sagged into my restraints.

“Well as you consider my proposal, enjoy everything my playroom has to offer, except this one,” Astra said as she reached two figures into my wet sensitive pussy. My pussy clenched around her figure as she began to wiggle them. As they applauded and walked away Astra said, “and you, little one, get my total and undivided attention.” She removed her fingers and then sucked my clit into her mouth. The orgasm rocked me until the extract broke my consciousness and I passed out.

I woke up feeling refreshed but sore in one of those good ways after a night of great sex. I was laying in a large comfortable bed covered in latex sheets. My arms were trapped behind my back. A latex straight jacket held them in place. The jacket had an opening for my breast and the strap that went through my crotch held something inside my pussy and ass. I moaned as I sat up because the toy inside me moved around in an enjoyable way. I followed voices that I heard into the living room and discovered that there was another set of Dom’s talking to Astra. Since she was wearing a latex catsuit that had an opened crotch I decided to misbehave a little bit. I walked to the edge of the couch, knelt and worked my way between her legs. I bent down and began to like, suck and nibble on her clit and pussy. She stuttered and moaned a few times before the orgasm I was working on consumed her. I continued my assault on her until she came a second time even after she told me to stop.

Finally, she had enough and my straight jacket began to change. My hands were pushed up towards my neck into a reverse prayer. The latex began to grow up and down my body until I was covered completely in a latex sack. The toys inside me began to vibrate and my nipples were being messed. I quickly was brought to the edge but the orgasm never came. I was stuck there on the edge and could do nothing about it. “Since you decided to misbehave you get to sit this one out. No relief until I am done here and I figure out what to do to pets that misbehave,” Astra said and the other chuckled. True to her word I laid there in darkness on the verge of an orgasm that never happened for the rest of the night.

I lay there for a long time, believe it or not, getting more and more excited. Finally, I felt the activity on my nipples stop only to have Astra suck one nipple into her mouth. I came instantly and screamed as pleasure overtook me. The orgasm lasted a long time and by the time it ended my sides were sore from them but I felt energized. The latex holding my legs separated so I could spread my leg. My legs were then bent at the knees then the latex wrapped around my folded leg keeping them in a tight frog tie. The evil dildos inside me were pulled out and then my pussy was filled with a large cock. The cock fucked me thoroughly and when it finally pulled out the several load of cum squirted out and dribbled down my crotch.

“You are so much fun,” Astra said. “I’m glad you are the one that I bonded with. Sleep now. Tomorrow our adventure together really starts.”

I felt my legs getting released from the frog tie, only to be squeezed together leaving my tightly trapped as latex mummy. Since I was not being teased, I quickly relaxed and went to sleep.
