---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Jill''s Adventure into Total Slavery 6: A New Slave Arrives'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- MF/f
- MF+/ff
- D/s
- slaves
- bond
- naked
- dungeon
- shave
- bdsm
- whip
- paddle
- nipple
- clamps
- torment
- toys
- insert
- chast
- oral
- sex
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 5: The Reward**](jillsadventureintototalslavery5.html))

**Part 6: A New Slave Arrives**

A week after Jason and Jill had visited Tom’s company; Tom called asking to delay their visit to Matua, as there was a production problem due to an equipment malfunction. Jason told him fine, but not to hold the visit off any longer than possible.

Later that day Jason received a phone call from his friend Frieda, who had introduced Carmen and him to Jill. She asked if he had any need for another slave who was just like Jill. Jason said, "Perhaps, so tell me about her". Frieda said, "Her name is Doris Williams, and she is an unemployed lawyer due to a scandal and is a pure slave. I know you hire outside lawyers for your needs and she is very brilliant and will fit in nicely with everyone".

"So why is she no longer a lawyer and what was the scandal?"

"She was a prosecutor for the DA’s office in Boston. You remember the sex scandal in Connecticut about the BDSM club last year, well she was there serving as a slave when the place was busted, but the police found nothing illegal, but her name was leaked to the press and she was fired and no firm will hire her. She has been working as a model and clerk in my store and is a real no limit pain slut, and I know that Carmen and you love that type of slave".

Jason told her, "We might be interested, but we do need to see her and test her limits. If she is interested, I will have my jet fly to New York and bring her to the Caymans, where she will be taken to the island for an evaluation".

"By the way does she still have a license to practice law?"

"Of course", Frieda said, "otherwise, I wouldn’t have called you and she is almost as smart as Jill."

"By the way how is Jill doing?"

Jason tells her that Jill is fine and both he and Carmen are delighted with her, and if Doris is even close to her, they will also be delighted. Frieda then lets Jason know, Doris says she will go to see them once the arrangements are done. Jason says the plane will be in New York tomorrow by noon, and he will email instructions.

Doris got off the private plane in the Caymans dressed as requested, wearing no underwear, a skin tight knee length dress, and 5” heels. She saw a sign with her name on it and told the large man holding it and she said she was Doris Williams. He introduced himself as Manny, Jason Ruane’s head of security, and he took her through customs without any problem and then they drove to the docks, where they took the boat to the island.

As Manny drove up to the house from the dock, they found Jason was waiting for them and he introduced himself to Doris. Jason saw she was an African-American about 5’9” 122lb and long black hair. He judged her measurements to be 34b-24-37. Doris followed Jason into the house and to an office where she saw a blonde woman 5’9” in a black leather cat suit, who was incredibly gorgeous, that was showing off her 40C-22-36 body. Jason introduced Doris to his wife Carmen. Carmen explained that the island of Matua was an independent country with diplomatic relations with almost every country in the world and that slavery was legal here and they had treaties with most countries that would allow the slavery contract between citizens of Matua to be legal in these countries. Doris was impressed with this and smiled licking her lips.

Jason said, "I understand from Frieda that you are a no limit slave and are seeking an owner".

Doris said, "Under the right conditions, and yes that she would serve as a no limit slave".

"We also are interested in your legal background, as we pay large legal fees to lawyers around the world, and finding a slave who is also a lawyer is a bonus".

Doris asked what was expected of her and they explained, that a contract would be signed with a one year term and one million dollars for services, held in a trust account, payable at the end of the contract. Also either party could terminate the contract at the end of the year. She would be a no limit slave for the year.

Doris asked what other slaves they have and she was told two personal slaves, Amy, who was the house maid and Jill who is the countries CFO and she assists Jason with his businesses. Also both of them are under contract, but they can not terminate their contracts by their own request. Also there was Matilda, who was head of the household, a gourmet chef and Dominatrix and her husband Manny, who you already met and he is head of security. Doris told them she would want the same contract as the other slaves if she agreed to stay, and they agreed smiling.

Doris told them she was 29 yrs old, and had been into BDSM as a submissive since she was 16 and enjoyed serving as a slave. She had 3 masters and 2 mistresses during that time and currently was staying with Frieda as a model and demo girl and her slave. She had a law degree from Harvard and graduated number 2 in her class. Jason laughed stating, "I don’t know if I like two slaves smarter than me". Doris asked who else he meant. He told Doris that Jill, who was the CFO, for the country, had an IQ over 200 and was number one in her class at the U of Penn. Doris said, "That is higher than my 194, so she is the smartest person I will know".

Carmen then told her that their requirements if she was acceptable were; she would have her body hair removed, her nipples, septum, clit hood, and labia would be pierced and she would get breast implants. Her duties would be to serve whom ever they say and also be the countries attorney general, legal consul and prosecutor of criminal cases.

Doris smiled and said, No problem, as this would be a dream job".

Carmen pressed a button on her desk and a few minutes later, a red headed female, with huge breasts and was wearing nothing but a chastity belt, entered the room. Carmen introduced her to Doris as Jill, and then Carmen told Jill to take Doris to the dungeon and strip her and place her in position 1.

Doris, followed Jill down to the dungeon, where when she looked around she was amazed as she saw the best equipped dungeon she had ever been in. She looked at Jill and saw what her body would become and then she stripped for Jill.

When Jill turned around to get cuffs from a drawer, Doris saw Jill’s back and said, "Nothing was mentioned about the tattoo".

Jill told her that was her request, and also she requested that only Carmen or Jason could terminate the contract. Doris said that I know and have also agreed to that condition. Doris asked about the chastity belt, and Jill told her that she was a constant masturbator and this prevented her from cumming, while it teased her since there a small vibrator pressing against her clit and a large one in her cunt.

Doris was cuffed to the hanging chains and her ankles were cuffed to floor rings and Jill pulled on the chains until Doris was stretched taunt and unable to move. Jill went to another room and returned with a jar, a bowl of water and a washcloth. Jill spread the shaving cream from the jar over Doris’s pubic area and armpits. Doris felt the razor across her skin removing the body hair. Jill then rinsed off Doris’s body and kissed her, while inserted a finger into her cunt, playing with it until Doris’s juices covered them. Jill then licked her finger telling Doris she was tasty and then told her to have fun. Doris was left alone in the dungeon helpless waiting for her potential new owners to arrive.

Carmen and Jason enter the dungeon and walked around Doris looking at her naked body. Carmen comments that she has large nipples and a lovely whippable ass. Jason takes a wood paddle from the wall holding many implements of pain, and walks behind Doris. Carmen moves in front of Doris and uses a finger to race up and down the stretched body teasing it and playing with it. As Carmen’s finger plays with Doris’s cunt, Jason swings the paddle and it hits Doris hard across her ass. Doris’s body moves forward, and that pushes Carmen’s finger into her cunt. Doris screams at the sudden paddling and then moans as the finger was driven into her cunt. Carmen starts to nibble on Doris’s nipples as Jason again whacks her ass hard and the finger went deeper into her cunt.

As Doris feels the paddle hit her ass and Carmen’s finger go into her cunt, she knew she was with very experienced dominants as they played her body like a fine tuned violin. Her ass was burning from the whacks, but her cunt was juicing from the finger and the pain. Carmen started to kiss Doris’s nipples and lick her breasts, while she inserted a second finger into her cunt. Jason continued to paddle her ass and soon it turned bright red. Doris was moaning from the treatment and finally after 4 fingers were in her cunt and she had received 40 whacks to her ass, she orgasmed. Carmen removed her fingers from her cunt and licked then telling Jason, very tasty and he walked over and also tasted her. Jason commented on how large Doris’s nipples were, and how they were perfect for nipple rings.

Carmen walks to the wall and gets a flogger and then walks behind Doris as Jason, moves in front of her and strips. Carmen starts to flog Doris’s back from the neck down to the bright red ass then back up to her neck. Doris is moaning louder with each stroke and as she opens her eyes, Jason rams his cock into the dripping cunt and starts fucking her. The cock felt great in her cunt and she clamped her cunt muscles around it as the pain from the flogging was pushing Doris to another orgasm. Jason feels her cunt grip his cock as he fucked her and the muscles milked him until he came shooting his cum deep in her cunt. He said, "She is a nice fuck and appears to really enjoy pain".

As Doris recovered from the orgasm, Carmen straps a breast press above and below her breasts. Jason gets a set of alligator clamps and snaps them shut on her long nipples, which causes Doris to scream. As her nipples were burning from the clamps, Carmen continues to close the breast press until her breasts were crushed between the two plates and Doris is screaming in pain. As her breasts and nipples are suffering, Doris is enjoying what they were doing and she closes her eyes to concentrate on the pain as her cunt juices start to flow again.

What she does not see is Jason snapping another alligator clamp on her swollen clit and this pain pushes her over the edge and she orgasms again. Carmen comments, she didn’t know who was a bigger pain slut, Doris or Jill, and Jason said he thought they were equal and to find to pain sluts like them is very rare.

They release Doris from the chains and attach a leash to the clamp on her clit and lead her up to their bedroom, where the clamps and breast press are removed. Carmen strips and Doris is told to suck her cunt until Carmen cums. Doris slowly uses her tongue to tease Carmen’s clit and she explores the deep folds of Carmen’s juicing cunt tasting the juices as they flow, While Doris is sucking on Carmen’s cunt Jason moves behind Doris and pushes his hard cock into her asshole and starts fucking her. Doris feels her body again take over as she sucks the tasty cunt in her mouth driving her long tongue deep into it until she feels Carmen cum, and she drinks all the juices she squirts. Jason finally shoves his cock deep into Doris’s ass and shots his load into her. After he pulls out he has Doris clean his cock with her mouth and she deep throats it until he comes again and Doris swallows his load. They all collapse on the bed and make love for the rest of the night.

In the morning after they awake, Carmen tells Doris, if she wants they will take her as their slave. Doris agrees to the offer telling them she is also impressed by them and this is everything she could hope for in life, to practice law and serve as a slave without hiding it from the world.

Doris returns to Florida with Carmen, where she is given a physical exam and then she goes to the surgeon and has her breasts increased to a 44 EE size and once they healed she was pierced just as Jill and Amy were.

After two weeks, they returned to Matua, and Doris signed all the papers and officially became their slave.

Jason explained that Carmen was the Prime Minister of the country and also the magistrate for legal matters. When they did have a trial, they would hire a judge from the “World Court” so everything would be legal. Also before this they would hire a lawyer from the Caymans to be the prosecutor, but now that would be her job, as well as reviewing contracts and all other legal work they needed.

Then she was told about the problems with a company he owned with his friend Tom, and what proof of a crime they had. Doris told Jason, that there was enough for her to get a conviction. She was also told about the convicts working on the island, serving their prison time.



29.01.16

story continues in [**Jill's Adventure into Total Slavery 7: Heather and Norma get caught**](jillsadventureintototalslavery7.html)

o0o
