---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Second Adventure
authors:
- Sindeewell
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- mum
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-26 00:00:00
---

“Are you ready?”  He
asked softly.

I nodded.  I needed
this so badly.  With my padded leather blindfold securely fastened
behind my head and collar and leash attached at my neck, I began my trepid
walk with my hands firmly bound behind my back, to our bedroom with him
pulling at the leash.

I felt the coolness of the
fresh air circumvent my freshly bathed body.  My nakedness shuddered
a little.

“You needn’t worry, you will
be warm soon enough.” He said with I am sure, an evil grin on his face.

I felt the leash being tugged
up, strangling me ever so slightly and causing me to balance precariously
upon my tiptoes.  I heard him moving things around and I once again,
began to feel the stirring between my legs, the juices slipping from between
my pussy lips.  He moved around me, caressing me slightly, sending
shivers through my veins.  He plucked at my protruding nipples, pinching
them harshly, pulling them cruelly.  I moaned with contentment. 
The leash loosened and I was lead to the bench, his gift to me for my birthday.

“Lay down on your back.” 
He commanded.

I did as I was told and the
leash was wrapped around the padded top, securing my neck to it. 
And then he began.  He started at the top of my leg, meticulously
wrapping the strong clear pallet wrap around my leg.  When he reached
my foot, he instructed my to point my toes to a ballerina’s “en pointe”
position.  He wrapped my foot in this position and then commenced
wrapping back up the leg.  Tearing it off at the top, he then secured
the wrap in play with a clear boxing tape.  Two rounds at the top
of the thigh, and then wound it candy-cane style down the leg to the foot. 
At this point he paid particular attention to my foot.

Feeling certain
that I would surely be able to release my foot from the “en pointe” position,
he proceeded to take a single strip of tape and stuck it to the top of
my foot, pulled it tight over my tiptoes and back to my heel.  Then
he wound a number of rounds of tape around the foot, encasing it completely
to the point the there was no chance of moving it.  He repeated this
arduous task on the other leg, performing the same meticulousness about
the foot as he had done the other.  Once both legs had been completed,
the leash was released and I was instructed to sit up, straddling the bondage
bench.  My arms were unbound, but my left arm was quickly tied at
the wrist and cruelly wrenched up the middle of my back and tied off to
the D-ring of my collar, again, slightly strangling me.

“Hold your arm out.” 
He instructed.

With the same intent as with
my legs, he wrapped my arm, starting at the shoulder and working his way
down the hand.  He wrapped my hand and then told me to make a fist. 
I did as I was told and it was soon wrapped tightly in a ball.  Then
the used the same clear tape as before and wrapped it around my arm down
to the balled fist.  He paid particular attention to my fists, wrapping
them tightly with the tape.  He then released my other arm and wrapped
it in the same manner.

He roughly pulled the two
arms together and wound a strip of tape at the wrists.  He then told
me to bend over and my arms were pulled up into a strappado position. 
I began to feel the wrap draw my arms together into a single sleeve. 
Again, tape was used to secure it in place, ensuring that there would be
no coming undone.  Then, my arms were let down and I was pulled back
up to the straddling of the bench.  He began to wrap my upper body,
locking my joined arms to me.  I was then told to swing my leg over
the bench and with his help, I was bent over it onto my stomach. 
My en pointe feet were barely touching the floor.  I felt him stroking
my freshly shaved pussy.  He licked at my juices.  His tongue
flicked at my ass hole, teasing it open.  His finger, greased from
my own cream, parted the opening.  Slowly, he inserted his finger
into the forbidden hole.  I tried to squirm, but there was little
I could do.  Then, I felt something else.  My muscles instinctively
clenched.  He pushed further, delicately forcing open the hole. 
The butt plug finally found its nesting place.  With me bent over
like that, he couldn’t resist sliding himself into my love canal. 
He pumped furiously, bringing me to the edge and then viciously pulled
out, leaving me deprived of any satisfaction.   He moves my legs
together and begins the task at hand, the ultimate reason for being here,
to completely mummify me in plastic.

My legs are now wrapped from
my ankles to my thighs.  Now comes the hard part.  He pulls me
up until I am standing on my pointed toes and then leans me back onto the
bench, my arms crushed beneath me.  I must hold myself in a straight
position until he has completed his wrapping.  Thankfully, he wraps
me quickly, pulling the plastic very tightly around me.  Then, as
he has done all along, he wraps the clear tape all around me as well. 
I am half lifted, half dragged to the bed where he flops me down onto my
stomach.  My head dangles off the edge of the bed. He removes the
blindfold as he grabs a handful of hair and pulls my head back, causing
my mouth to open.  He slips his hard-on in and begins to fuck my mouth. 
There is little I can do.  There is little I want to do.  I am
bordering on euphoria, helplessly mummified, content on my predicament. 
Already my body is beginning to perspire.  I try to wiggle, yet there
is no give to my encasement.  Without reason, he withdraws, leaving
me slightly bewildered.

I am rolled onto my back,
leaving my arms pinioned beneath me.  He looks deeply into my eyes,
knowing full well and good that this is what I want.  He has finally
figured it out.  He smiles and leans forward to kiss me.  His
kiss is soft, warm and gentle, his tongue delicately probing my mouth. 
I ache for this, for him.  Quietly he pulls away and before I can
say a word he slaps a piece of duct tape across my mouth.  He pats
it down, securing it to my face.  I look at him furiously…this wasn’t
part of the plan.  He softly laughs wickedly.  “Ahhh, you can’t
have everything your way my dear.  But I am sure that you will get
just as much out of this.  Now, don’t move.”

Swiftly, he makes a small
incision in the duct tape, just enough to feed a breathing tube into the
entrance of my mouth.  Once in place, he secures it with more duct
tape.  He pinches my nostrils shut, forcing me to breathe through
the tube.  Satisfied that there are no air leaks, he proceeds with
the next implement of torture.  Carefully, he inserts the soft, gum
like earplugs into my ears, blocking out any defined sound.  I can
hear myself breathing; I hear muffled noises, but nothing definite. 
He looks at me, mouths the words  “I love you.” And then blindfolds
me once again.  I take deep breaths through my nose, calming myself,
knowing now what he has planned.  I feel him tenderly lift my head
and begin enveloping it with the pallet wrap, cutting off the air supply
to my nose.  I can now only breath through the tube protruding from
my mouth.  I have lost all of my senses, depraved of what is going
on around me.  I feel tape being wrapped around my head as well, secure
the wrap and alleviating any chance for air to emerge.

My arms are now numb from
laying on them, and I am rolled over onto my stomach.  I cannot move
at all and must depend upon him to adjust my positions.  I have no
way of telling him is I am uncomfortable.  I moan and am rewarded
with him laying upon me, squashing me beneath him, making it very difficult
to breath.  Suddenly, I have no air at all through the tube. 
I suck in but there is nothing to suck.  My lungs start to burn from
the lack of oxygen when just as quickly, I have fresh air once more. 
Deeply I breathe in as he lifts himself from me.  I lay there momentarily,
hearing myself breathe, knowing that the more he does this, the more excited
I get.  Already a pool of my juices are running between my legs.

Gently, I am rolled back
over onto my back, however, this time, he has propped up pillows so that
my full body weight is not resting on my arms pulled tightly behind my
back.  I feel him fiddling with the wrap, pinching at my nipples,
and then cool air hits them, causing them to pucker and stiffen. 
Both are severely yanked out of the wrap and quickly clamped with clover
clamps.  I yelp but there is barely a noise audible enough to be heard. 
I feel something cold against them and then I quickly realize that it is
ice being applied to my pinched nipples.  Inwardly I shiver at the
sensation.  Almost immediately following the ice I recognize a different
sensation.  The iced nipples are now being tortured with searing heat
from hot wax.  I try to shake the feeling away, but I cannot move. 
I moan, but again, it is barely heard.  His hands begin caressing
my plastic encasement, sending a wave of sensations throughout my body. 
A paradox is brewing within me.  As much as I want to be mummified,
I so desperately now want, no, wait, need to be fucked.  I feel him
holding me, touching me, his warmth transcends through the wrap. 
I am calmed by this and begin to slowly breathe through my tube, my lifeline
so to speak.

Again, I sense him pinching
at the plastic, this time though it is at my crotch.  He slips his
fingers in and feels the sheer wetness that he has caused.  I know
that he is proud of himself.  He has done well to make me this excited. 
He stimulates my clit, rolling it around and around, driving me to the
edge of euphoria.  He stops and then climbs on top of me, inserting
his hardness into the small opening.  There is no way that he can
enter me from this position, but with my thighs so tightly drawn together
along with the wetness, it simulates a wet pussy.  He pumps away,
blowing his load between my legs and then withdraws, leaving his juice
to mix with mine.  I lay there quietly, wondering what will happen
next and almost afraid of will.

I feel something being pushed
into the hole he has made and it is pressed deeply against my clit. 
Tape is applied to whatever it is and secured into place.  At the
same time, my nipples are being tautly pulled up, the clamps dig deeper
into the sensitive nipple.  It seems that there is continuously more
and more pressure being put on them.  I moan allowed at the sensations. 
Suddenly, without warning, my clit is attacked by huge vibrations emanating
from what I now realize as the plug-in model massager.  No batteries
to fail on this one.  I am doomed.  I feel the approach of the
orgasm and just as I am about to explode, the vibrations stop and my air
is cut off.  I try to scream with frustration, but nothing comes out. 
I feel more weight pulling on my nipples, I have no air, and my clit feels
as if it wants to explode.  I shudder and shake, trying to somehow
get off but knowing full well and good, that I will not climax until he
deems it.

One click and the massager
is on again and good vibrations are resonating throughout my body. Fresh
air is once again restored momentarily as I take only two or three deep
breaths before he puts his finger back over the hole.  This sends
me over the edge and I feel the thunderous waves overtake my body and soul. 
I explode with volcanic eruption.  My body convulses with spasmodic
rhythm as each wave hits.  He allows me to breathe once more and I
am grateful.  The fresh air allows me to come down from my exhilaration. 
The massager is shut off.  I feel him get off the bed and I detect
the door being shut.  Am I alone?
