---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesek/if_fantasies_could_talk4.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: 'If Fantasies Could Talk 4: Naughty Slave'
authors:
- Riptieron
tags:
- F/mf
- M/ff
- D/s
- leather
- bond
- cuffs
- cellar
- naked
- capture
- trunk
- encased
- wrap
- saran
- cocoon
- cupboard
- storage
- toys
- mast
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2004-03-10 00:00:00
---

continued from [part three](if_fantasies_could_talk3.html)

**Part 4: Naughty Slave**

I had broken a rule that may seem unyielding a few days ago, but now,
I put myself above it, I had defied the Mistress. I can't really put my
reasons into a single cause, but rather several failures on the part of
Stacy. I was genuinely angry with her lack of concern for the scene she
was playing out. I felt that she was too dark a person to rule my world,
and I would not be a part of her sadistic fantasies. Cruelty was something
we never discussed. She left me in a cold dark basement, naked, freezing.
It must have been below sixty degrees Fahrenheit down there. I would not
be tortured because of her inexperience. I knew this was the first time
that she had attempted to 'play' with others, and I would not wait for
her to figure it out, while my weekend got worse and worse. Even as I go
over the justifications in my head, I knew there was something taboo about
my actions. Turning against a Mistress, even if she were a bad one, had
bad karma.

My next move was to wait her out. She would eventually return and I
would be ready. I found several items in the kitchen that I would need
to start my attack. I put on my clothes and stepped down into the dark
basement. She had been upstairs for sometime, and I was wondering how long
she would be, even with my clothes on I was cold. Ten more minutes went
by. Then I heard her tramping down the stair above. She walked across to
the kitchen then opened the door to the basement; she stood at the top
of the stairs.

"Are you ready to be nice to me?" she called, "or do you need more time
to cool off?" she said sarcastically.

"I'm cold" I said with a truthful shiver in my voice, "I'll be good."
I lied.

She started her descent of the stairs, reaching the bottom, flicked
on the light, and stared at the empty chair, and limp chain on the ground.
Her disbelief froze her instantly. It was more than all the time I needed
to grab her by the wrist, pull her toward me and slap the cuffs onto one
hand, then the other, catching her arms behind her back. She shrieked,
and started to kick wildly, catching me on the shin, but it was too late,
I was prepared for the fight, and over powered her by wrestling her to
the ground. I grasped both legs together in my arms. I pulled out the roll
of plastic wrap tucked in my pants and quickly wound several times round
her thighs, temporarily immobilizing her fight. She was screaming. I pulled
down the zipper on her boots removing them one at a time. And she was starting
to cry, and relaxed her fight. I pulled the clasp off her neck and dropped
the cape down to the floor. I began to wrap more plastic wrap around her
legs, securing them together.

"You didn't like me," she sobbed as I worked, "you don't like me" she
kept repeating, her eyes full of tears. She seemed genuinely distraught
over the turn of events. I could see that she had wanted me to like the
behavior she displayed towards me; she had played a role for me, a twisted
game. It was a real shame; I thought to myself, if she had waited to give
that act to the right person, she could have had a great time.

I lifted her off the floor and carried her up the stairs. I placed her
on the living room couch. I ran up the next flight of stairs leaving her
behind, crying. I opened a door to find a full bedroom with a dresser and
vanity, bed, and wardrobe. No sign of Kelly. I checked the next room; it
was totally empty, except for an oddly placed trunk in the middle of the
room. It had a large padlock on it. Stacy had said she put Kelly in storage,
this must be the place. It would be very hard to remove this lock without
the key. I looked around the room for it, hoping Stacy would have left
it nearby. No sign of it here. I went back to her room, and there on the
vanity, was a large old fashioned skeleton key.

I grabbed it and returned
to the chest, opening the lock. I flung open the chest, and saw Kelly naked,
hunched over, gasping for air. There was no ventilation for her to breath.
She was being slowly asphyxiated. I saw that she would be ok, and then
ran back out infuriated. Reckless endangerment of someone's life was on
my punishable offence list, and I was in the mood for payback. I said not
a word but went straight to work. I found a rope out of her bedroom, and
hogtied Stacy on the white fur rug in the living room. The hogtie would
hold her until I was ready for the next step. I picked up my own underwear
off the floor, and stuffed it into her mouth, muffling her sobbing. I could
see real fear in her eyes now. I ran a couple of turns off the plastic
wrap to secure the gag, before I left her.

I went back upstairs to find Kelly combing her hair and sitting at the
vanity in Stacy's bathrobe, apparently unaware of what had transpired downstairs.
She didn't know that I had Stacy in a hogtie.

"What are you doing up here? Where's Stacy?" she asked, confused by
my appearance.

"I wanted to play with you for a change." I said jokingly.

"Oh, really?" she said flattered.

I stood her up, and then dropped the robe from her body; she looked
at me a bit shy about her naked exposed body. I found it very stimulating
to have a naked woman in my control, without having to bind her. Kelly's
timid nature showed that she would rather be clothed, but would not resist
my actions. She stayed in front of me, waiting for my next move. I held
out my hand with the roll of plastic wrap. She looked at it, and smiled.
I took her arm and rolled it up to her armpit. Then I rolled the other.
I placed my hand to the inside of her thigh; she spread her legs with out
any coxing. I rolled the plastic wrap up her legs and up to her crotch,
not a word was spoken, only the sound was of plastic wrap being stretched
onto her body. I finished both legs then she put them together, she knew
what was next. I rolled the plastic wrap up her body, making sure that
everything was stretched tight, smooth, and gave no sign of tearing, or
seams. I reached her armpits when the roll ran out. I had some more in
the car. I told her to stay put while I fetched it. She just smiled and
rolled her eyes jokingly.

I ran downstairs to get my keys, when the telephone rang. I thought
it wise to just let it ring. I got my keys, and ran out to my car, popped
the boot, and grabbed my stuff. I returned to the living room, and checked
on Stacy. She was calm now but was beginning to get stiff from the hogtie.
I returned upstairs to Kelly. I opened the new roll and finished wrapping
her shoulders.  I then moved down her body pinning her arms to her
sides. I wrapped slowly to draw the excitement out of her, I knew she was
enjoying this.

At her hips I noticed that she was getting moist under the
layers of plastic wrap. I picked her up, and placed her on the bed. I looked
for Stacy's toy box. The place she keeps all of her private things, bondage
toys, whatever. I knew that she would keep it out of sight, but it should
be in the bedroom. I looked in the wardrobe, and under the shoe rack, I
saw a black case. I pulled it out and set it on the bed next to Kelly.
Opening it slowly, Kelly stained to get a better view. I saw two gags,
three vibrators, a dildo and a butt plug. Several other things littered
the box, too. There were several packs of batteries, a box of condoms,
and four small clamps attached to small chains. I saw that the box was
deeper than the inside and noticed a leather pull off to one side of the
top compartment. I took the contents of the box out and placed them on
the bed one by one, in plain sight so Kelly could view them. I removed the
panel revealing another compartment to the case. There was a strait whip,
a riding crop, and a cat-o-nine tails sitting on the bottom. Beside the
whips a leather bag contained a bright red ball gag. A nice little assortment
of things all nestled together.

I slid the box under the bed, and looked at Kelly, who was laughing
now at the collection that her best friend had secretly stashed. The thought
of Stacy being such a perv was thrilling to know. I looked at Kelly and
tried to focus. I would need to gag her, so I chose the black pacifier
with leather strap and buckle. I snapped my fingers and looked at Kelly
as I drew the gag closer to her mouth, and she opened wide for me to slip
it into her mouth. I gave her time to adjust to it inside her mouth before
I buckled it down. She was tightly mummified and gagged now. I was happy
with my handy-work so far.

I returned downstairs to finish working on Stacy. She was still where
I left her, only there was a different smell in the room. It was perfume.
I had smelt it before, at Mistress Elaine's. I panicked and scanned the
room, and saw a figure at the far corner; just standing there. The silhouette
moved over to the kitchen and slowly moved out of sight. Whoever it was,
they knew how to move silently, and had no fear of me; if I was to guess,
they wanted me to follow. I slowly crept over to the kitchen, and peered
in, the door to the basement was opened. No sign of anyone there.

I slowly went into the darkness under the house. I flicked the switch
for the light, and there in front of me, in all her glory, was Mistress
Elaine. I gasped at her. She bore her white glimmering robes, and now had
a long overcoat of white leather, with warm lush suede lining. She appears
as an angel, and her posture was stern, and impatient. I bowed at her presence,
and had a feeling of guilt in my gut.

"Tell me, John," she began, hesitating on my name, "what is going on
here?"

"Well," I fumbled, not really knowing where to begin, or even if I should
begin, "I um, I took control of Stacy's scene, and I have Kelly upstairs,
on the bed. Ah, did you call?"

"Yes, I called." Elaine said, in a low voice.

"Right. Right..." I repeated, stalling while I tried to think.

"John! Do you know why I am here?" she said with a tone of impatience
in her voice.

"I have two theories?" I squeaked.

"Heh! I am here, because I am Stacy's Mistress." she said angrily. "When
I last spoke with her, I told her to tie the two of you up, and wait for
me to arrive. I have been training her for several months. She is under
my direction. Now, what happened here?" she asked.

I told her the story of how I got loose and reversed the roles, then
hogtied her and freed Kelly, grasping for air in the trunk. Mistress Elaine
looked genuinely shocked at the news. She started back up the stairs, slowly,
and only said, "I'm cold."

Upon reaching the kitchen she closed the door to the living room, and
sat at the dinette table.

"John, I'm going to leave you here in control, because I think you did
the right thing, I have my doubts about Stacy's experience, we have only
talked about things, she has never actually done anything till now. I think
you will be good for her, she needs to know what can happen if she fucks
up." She said this without tone or mystery, she was talking in a plain
voice, and she was not trying to seduce or sway me.

"Are you upset with me?" I asked, putting a brew of coffee on.

"No, dear John, no. You're so sweet, I wish I had met you years ago, you
did what you thought was right- and evidently Stacy misjudged your nature.
It was her mistake."

"I can't help feeling a little guilty about this situation, and I don't
want to put sour grapes between us." I said to Elaine. I could not know
how she really felt, and I did not understand the mistress training steps,
so I have no idea of how this might look to her.

"The best thing you could do right now is focus on your new slaves."
she said nodding at the door, "If you did that to Stacy, you're more talented
than I first thought." I poured her a cup of coffee, then myself, and sat
down.

"She wrote to me one day after chatting online with one of my subs,
and I began to groom her, as a regular sub, just online." Elaine said,
taking a sip of coffee, "When she first started I was truly amazed by her
creativity, she wrote pages and pages of detail scenes. I even learned
a few things," she said raising a brow, "later I wanted her to find a spot
in my house, but I don't have the space. She moved here because I wanted
her closer." Said Elaine.

"She has subs online?" I asked.

"She has a good following on the internet, she can certainly dish it
out online; I just never thought that reality would give her so much of
a problem." Elaine said with a sigh.

"I'd just got Kelly into some mummification upstairs, when you arrived,
I was going to do something with Stacy, but I hadn't got that far. Any
suggestions?" I asked.

"Well she does like to be dark, and moody, maybe she would like a good
spanking?" she suggested. "Or you could pack her up in the closet; the spare
bed room has a modified closet."

"A modified closet-?" I repeated.

"Yes. It's..."

"You've been here before!" I blurted out.

"Of course I have, I own this house!" she stated.

"Oh, now I am too confused." I said.

"Did you think this was Stacy's house?"

"Well the subject was never addressed directly, but I assumed this was
her house, yes." I said, thinking that nothing was going to be as it seemed. "Is there anything else I should know before I make a fool out of myself?"
I asked irritated.

"Oh John, don't worry, you can't know everything." she said laughing.
"I want you to enjoy yourself this weekend, and I think you can handle
this situation just fine by yourself. However, I would like you to give
me a full report of it on Sunday, 6:00, at my place, during diner. Don't
be late this time." She handed me a card with her name, and two codes on
the back.

"Right now I've got to go." She said. It was about 1:00 am.

"Ok, I'll be fine, I think." I said.

Mistress Elaine slipped out the kitchen door, and walked very carefully
around the living room without making a sound, and left thru the front
door. I was amazed at how she seemed to glide over the floor in high heels.
It was very impressive.

**Good Night**

I returned to the living room to see about Stacy, she was surprisingly
comfortable, considering her position, she had fallen asleep. I undid the
rope holding her feet up, and retied it around her ankles. I then carried
her up the stairs to the spare bedroom, where the trunk was. I opened the
closet to find a small space about two feet deep by three foot wide. There
were shelves in the closet, with towels, and sheets stacked neatly on them.
This closet seemed normal enough at first glance, but upon closer inspection,
I saw that the shelves had curves cut into them, and as I looked up and
down at the shelves, they silhouetted the human figure. I then looked at
the back of the door to find the other half of the stocks; a person could
be shut into the closet, and would not be able to free themselves. I quickly
cleared the linens away, to find predrilled holes in the shelves, obviously
placed as tie down points for straps, or rope. The middle shelf had a curved
part that had a hinge on it, it was hanging free, but when I inspected
it, I found that it swung upward and locked with a loud snap into position.
It formed a small seat, just between the legs. Every part of the closet
was painted white, and had many coats of paint, so I marveled to think
of how long this closet had been in use.

I turned to Stacy, who was still, surprisingly dozing on the floor next
to the trunk. I untied her and took the gag from her mouth. She was just
starting to open her eyes when I stood her up.

"What's going on?" She mumbled out of sleepy confusion.

"It's bed time," I said in a soothing voice, as I guided her to the
closet, "Everything is just fine."

She moved like a piece of well molded clay, and I had her in the closet
with no trouble at all, I took the rope that I had and tied her hands into
the stocks, then pulled the seat upward locking it with a "snap". I had
to find some more rope, her legs were free and so is her waist. I wanted
her to be totally restrained. I went back into the bedroom to look for
some, but couldn't find any. It was then that I went further down the upstairs
hall, there were three more doors that I had not yet opened. The first
door was a storage room, with lots of boxes and old things lying about.
I rummaged thru several before giving up and going to the next room.

This
room was another spare bedroom. It had a large bed with no sheets, the
mattress was unusually made. It had been altered from its original state.
It had fitted holes running thru it, making it easy to tie someone down
to it, special straps were coming out of the holes, I assume they all tied
together and fed to the ratchet at the foot of the bed, bolted to the floor.
This was a great discovery. I glanced around to see if there was anything
else in the room. There was a good deal of equipment in the room. The walls
were covered by head gear, and whips, everything from straight jackets
to padded cuffs. It was old though, it had been hanging there for a long,
long time dust and cobwebs settled on the tools, if they were going to
be used, they would need a thorough cleaning. I saw an old box on the floor.
I opened it and found several straps inside. They would be perfect for
the job!

I went back to Stacy who was trying to sleep in her upright position.
I ran the longest strap around her waist, and thru the holes to tie it
off behind her back. Then I strapped her legs in. I decided to tie off
every point, so she would not fall during the night. I fetched a gag, and
inserted it into her mouth, she only mildly objected, before it slipped
in neatly. She opened her eyes, and for the first time she was awake, as
I snapped the gag on tight. She rolled her head about, and realized that
she had no power to move, and was horrified. Muffled cries came out, followed
by sobbing. I just stood in the doorway to the closet, silhouetted from
behind by the overhead light, a dark figure.

I said to her, "If you're good tonight, I'll let you cum out tomorrow."
I emphasized the word cum for her. She fell silent and stayed still, stifling
her sobs. Then slowly closed the door, making sure she stayed still while
doing so. The closet door locked from the outside, which I did.

Turning around I breathed out feeling good about the accomplishment.
I would not have to worry about her till dawn. I left the room, going back
to Stacy's bedroom where I found Kelly asleep. I thought of waking her,
but then I thought a nice little experiment would be more fun. I started
to tear away at the plastic around her breasts, and revealed her soft flesh
underneath. I then started to tear away layers over her pussy. I found
that it was very moist in that region. I had to stop in for a bite. I licked
at her mound and found that with her legs together it was difficult to
part the lips for a better sample, but I could get the outer areas with
no trouble.

She started to turn, and squirm a bit. I knew she felt the
tickle of my tongue at her lips; I lapped at the delicate folds of her lips,
finding the one spot that held the key to her feeling, and continued to
drive her horny. She mumbled into the gag, I think she was waking to the
notion that she was in bondage and being eaten. Looking up to her face
I noticed she was waking, her eyes cracked open, peering out to see what
was going on. I pulled her to the edge of the bed, and fondled her large
breasts, till they firmed up and I then wanted something that I had never
had the chance for before now. I wanted a good titty fuck. First I wanted
her to be close to going over the edge.

I took a look at the selection of tools assembled on the bed, and took
out a new condom from the wrapper, slid it onto the vibrating dildo, with
clitoral stimulator. I slowly pushed the probe into her, watching her eyes
grow larger from the new input of the intruder. I switched it on, and watched
her fight the impulses. I held it in place by pulling the wrap over the
butt of the vibrator. I took off my slacks as I watched her rebel in a
fit of passion, stroking myself at he thought of her helpless position.

She could not move and had no way of stopping my advance on her. I moved
over her chest, straddling her, and pushed her breasts together on my long
shaft. She looked up at me, even as she writhed, and I started to slowly
lubricate her chest with my precum. Every second or so, she would twitch,
I knew that she could not last too much longer, before she lost the battle
with the vibrating tool within her. I pumped a little faster, and moved
her chest to the beat of my thrusts, bringing me closer to cumming with
every stroke, I had the power to use her as I wanted, going longer or faster,
she could not argue or fight, it was out of her control.

She began to emit small squeals, very high pitched. I think that she
was cumming now. Not that it would matter to me; I was on my own schedule.
She would pleasure me regardless of her state. I continued to roll her
chest over my cock, enjoying the softness of her fruits, and feeling wonderful
about having the chance to take advantage of them. I looked at her face
and saw she was staring in between waves of pleasure, which hit every two
or three second intervals, when she would close her eyes and shake, then
it would release for a moment. I found the look in her eyes most erotic
of all. It signified that all she had was a moment to stare back at me,
and in that moment, she would gaze to me, trying to read my face, wondering
if I would allow her to stop cumming.

She was a priceless possession of mine. I could do this to her and not
feel bad, or strange of these things, I could be myself. I released a huge
amount of cum, and stabbed at her chin with one last thrust, spilling cum
out in a pearl necklace about her chest. I groaned out after release, and
fell on her face, having lost my balance. She tried to move her head, I
was covering her nose. I pushed off her and slumped to the side of the
bed regaining my breath. I turned off the vibrator, but left it inside
of her.

I found the bathroom had been remodeled. I got a damp washcloth and
returned to clean off Kelly's chest. She was fast asleep. I went back into
the bathroom, it was off the bedroom, it had a whirlpool tub, and shower,
and a separate toilet room. Before settling in to sleep next to my bound
Kelly; I decided to take a long bubble bath to end my night.
