---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/batgirlvsprofessor6.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 6: In the Testing Center'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- F/f
- M/f
- bond
- mc
- susp
- latex
- mast
- sex
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 5: Annie Goodbody**](batgirlvsprofessor5.html))

**Part 6: In the Testing Center**

The testing center looked just like the name stated.  It was large, taking up over half the basement level.  The ceiling was at least 10 feet high and covered with iron beams and the wooden floor above.  Several florescent lights were mounted above, but none were on.  Regular incandescent bulbs from floor lamps bouncing off the ceiling gave a softer, more intimate lighting to the room.

If a room full for devious devices designed and built to torment and sexually excite a woman could be called intimate.

There were some classic devices in the room.  A large torture rack sat near the door, which Annie said was for display purposes only.  Barbara was not sure if Annie meant it was on display or if someone would be displayed on it.  A large X-frame was on far side of the room as well as a table and a huge four poster bed.  Batgirl recognized some of the more creative devices, prototypes of ones she had been bound, chained or strapped to at one point or another in her crime fighting career.

One particular device she recognized was a 10” tall metallic pole, similar to flag pole, with a copper base and a top in the shape of a bat.  Riddler had her strapped to this little gem on roof of very tall Gotham City building one night during an approaching severe thunderstorm, calling her a stunning lightening rod.  Once lightning directly stuck the pole, the massive charge would run in a loop, passing through her body again and again until it dissipated, long after it would have ended her life.  The perverted catch was small but powerful vibrators were strapped onto her body, pressed against her crotch & breasts.  Stray electrical energy produced by surrounding flashes of lightning powered the devices.  The speed varied by the amount of lightning that was going on.  The closer the storm came, the more energy was added, increasing the intensity of the vibrators and elevated her lusts to new levels.  By the time the storm was overhead, it was so strong it forced her to climax uncontrollably.  Riddler, having self relieved his male urges, retired from the deadly scene in hysteria of laughter, with the heavy rains washing his residue from her batsuit.

Unable to free herself from the metallic bindings, she would have been a goner had Batman not arrived and threw an electrical cable over the top of the pole and attached the end to the building’s grounding cables, directing the multiple lightening strikes harmlessly away from her.  He waited several minute to release her, claiming it had been too dangerous for them both to come near her earlier.  However, he watched as she climaxed several times as all the stray electrical energy from the lightning strikes power the vibrators uncontrollably.  She found having this particular audience watching the strange incident occur very erotic to her kinky mind and she had the strongest orgasms of the night before she collapsed exhausted into Batman’s arms after her rescue.  She wished she had the strength to properly thank him, for a good screwing would have been a wonderful ending to the erotic experience.

Batman was too much a gentleman to express his thoughts to her on seeing the sexy crime fighter vigorously climax so many times, or his desires to have her then and there.

Barbara assumed the Professor must have recovered it after it’s initial use, hoping to sell it to another client for future.  A small part of her was glad it was off the street, at least for now.  It also served as a reminder of why she first came to his warehouse.

Now it was mocking her for her futile efforts and unaided failed attempt to rid Gotham City of the Professor.

She also remembered being strapped to a similar looking x-frame (courtesy of Scarecrow) with a series of sexual devices placed all over her body designed to slowly torment her.  If the attached sensors detected a drop in her heart rate, denoting she was coming down from an orgasm, the oversized crossbow would release a massive arrow pointed at her heart.  She spent over an hour fighting off the orgasm and her own death, and struggling as hard as she could to inch the frame out of the arrows path.  By the time the inevitable climax exploded on her, she had moved the frame far enough out of the path that the arrow shot off target and actually struck one of the leather restraints that held her arm to the frame.  She freed herself a few moments later and went after the criminal, but ultimately failed to capture him and even fell into another perverted trap that she narrowly escaped from.

Such was the audacious life of the sexy purple clad crime fighter.

Some of the devices she didn’t recognize, but could guess Annie had been subjected to. What a creative and sick mind the Professor was to develop all these things.  Annie led her to the center of the room and released the chain from her collar.

“The Professor left me orders on what I am to do with you.  He will be here in less than 20 minutes.  If the Professor does not find us as he wishes, he will be very angry and order us to flog one another.  The Professor promises that if we are as he wishes, he will give us rewards of great pleasures.  Will you cooperate with me?”

Batgirl decided it would be another demonstration of trust, so she nodded her head.

The ball gag was removed and Barbara was cautioned not to speak.  Annie made motions around the room that Bargirl understood to mean audio and video devices were monitoring them and their activities.

The leg cuffs were removed.  Next, her legs were gently spread apart and she felt leather cuffs being applied.  When finished she couldn’t move her legs.  The attached spreader bar, chained to the floor, prevented her from bringing her legs together or moving away.

Next, her wrists were freed from the handcuffs and the collar removed.  A set of leather cuffs were placed on her wrists and locked together.  Her hands were attached to chain dangling from a hoist above her head.  With the press of the button on a remote, her hands raised up until Annie was satisfied she was not going to escape.

Annie then busied herself by attaching leather cuffs to her own wrists and ankles.  Next, she attached her ankles to the same spreader bar holding Batgirl legs open.  Locked in place and their bodies pressed against each other, Annie leaned into the helpless captive.

Here they stood together, Annie wrapping her arms around Batgirl, running her hands over her fellow captive.  Every touch, amplified by the pleasure suits, pulsated though their bodies.  Annie pressed herself into crime fighter, almost in a hypnotic trance.  Batgirl realized her partner was suffering from an order given by the Professor.   Until he arrived, Annie was going to fondle and grope the restrained heroine.

And Batgirl started to respond.

Especially when Annie placed her hand behind Barbara’s head and forced her mouth down against her own.  The two locked in a deep, lesbian kiss as Annie grabbed Batgirl’s rubber covered ass and squeezed it.  Since both women were about the same height, it was easy for them to kiss and grind their crotches into one another.  Bargirl wished she could do the same.

Their tongues flickered into one another’s mouths.  They moaned and pressed their bound bodies against one another.  Bargirl could not believe how she was already getting turned on by this.  She pressed her bound body against her nearly bound companion, wishing she could wrap her arms around her as well.

“That will do, my ladies.” The Professors voice said as he approached.  Neither had heard him enter nor knew how long he was there.  But they both stopped instantly.

“You two will be able to continue this pleasant scene momentarily, after I finish getting you both ready.” He said as he walked around them.  He stood behind Batgirl and pressed his hips against her.   Even though the rubbery material, she could feel his hard cock pressing into her as he groped her breasts.  Annie looked disappointed, but was it because they had stopped?

Barbara didn’t know how much more she could be restrained.  She felt Annie’s hand being lift up and attach to the same hook her wrists were locked into.  The she felt something sliding between them, a pole of some kind.  Rubber straps were attached to their thighs, followed by a rubber belt was wrapping around their waists and pulled tight.

Lastly, their hands were raised higher until they were stretched tight, held down by the chain attached to the spreader bar but their feet a few inches off the ground.   The result was their bodies were hanging by their bound wrists, tightly pressed against one another’s and their clits pressed against the pole.

They both felt something being attached to the back of their body suits, but could not see what it was.

“There now, I think we’re all ready to get started.” The professor said as he pulled up a chair near by to watch.  In his hand he had small remote.

“Since Miss Goodbody completed her task as ordered and you Batgirl so diligently and wisely cooperated, I believe its time we all get a deserved reward.”

With that, he pressed a button.  The pole between the two bound women began to vibrate, sending pleasure waves against their clits.  Another button push brought what Barbara realized were simplified versions of the pleasure suits (minus the dildos) to life, arousing their bound bodies everywhere it touched.  Their nipples were extra sensitive to the suits, which raised their levels for lust much higher.

After several minutes of torment, the devices increased their intensity. Batgirl looked over at the Professor, who now had is cock out and was busily stroking it, getting off at the sight of the two helpless women being pleasured

“Batgirl, Miss Goodbody, kiss one another until you both orgasm.” He ordered.

Instantly they resumed their lesbian kissing, their tongues probing each others mouths as the both build up to climaxes.

“Batgirl, Goodbody, don’t climax till I tell you both you can.”

Both women became instantly frustrated and groaned deeply.  He wasn’t going to let them climax, but they both needed to desperately.  Lust was raging out of control in both their bodies, with the intense need to release into blissful orgasm.  But the order was they couldn’t and neither could.

How long he kept them like this seem to last for hours, fighting off the orgasms they both very much wanted.  He turned both the suits and the vibrator up higher. Their mouths worked harder as the pressed their chests into the others.  They couldn’t plead with him to orgasm, even though they wanted too.

“Batgirl, Goodbody, climax now!” he ordered.

Both girls screamed into the other bound girls mouth as they came together.  He also heard the Professor groan loudly, apparently masturbating himself to orgasm and coating his hands with sperm.

The orgasms complete, he turned the devices off.  After several minutes, the girls were lowered back to their feet and the vibrator pole lowered too.  The spreader bar was removed, as well as the binding on their thighs, but their feet were bound together with the strips of the rubber bindings.

The women were lowered to their knees, kneeling on leather covered cushions, and order not to move.  Their hands were released from the hook, pulled behind their back and locked in place.  In the end, the two women were bound facing one another on their knees and still pressing tightly against one another.

Batgirl was order to open her mouth and the purple ball gag reapplied.  Annie received a similar gag, only her ball a shiny black one.  The two kidnapped woman made soft groans and grumbles though their gags, which instantly got the Professor hard again.

“You have both done well, ladies.  As a reward, you will enjoy each others company for a while.  I have a client coming tomorrow and I don’t need you two in my way while I finish my work.  So I will leave you here till I complete my work.  But I won’t want you missing out on some enjoyment while I’m gone.  So, here’s a little friend to keep you company till I return.”

The vibrator pole slipped up back between them and began to buzz, as did their bodies when he activated the pleasure suits again.  The Professor watched for a moment, wishing he was aroused enough to take advantage of the scene to join in, but he was the kind of man that took time to recover.  But he was pleased with the sight of the rubber bound women and the gagged frustrated sounds they made, making sure all was right before returning to his work in lab.

This time, there was no all out assault on their bodies from the pleasure devices.  Everything was on automatic and cycled up and down in intensity and the devices were not in sync with each other.  Randomly, the pole vibrator would intensify at various speeds for random durations.  The pleasure suits would spool up their efforts, the cycle down again, all at random settings and timings.

It was a long but erotic session.  The two bound and gagged women often looked at one another, biting down on their gags and rubbing their bodies against the other in hopes of adding that extra bit that would push them over the edge into orgasmic bliss.  So often, one of them would be so close to coming, but the devices would cycle down and leave her frustrated and groaning in intense disappointment.  Their eyes pleaded with one another to bring the desired pleasures they so desperately needed, but could only watch in frustration when the systems wound down.

 Annie was the first to climax as both the vibrator and her slick black suit finally hit for a long intense cycle.  She threw her head back and screamed into her black rubber ball gag as wave after wave of delight rippled though her.  Barbara watched in envy as the orgasm brought Annie such an intense orgasm that seemed to last a very long time.

When it was over, Annie relaxed and even rested her head on Barbara’s shoulder.  This not only made it difficult for Barbara not to move while still squirming in her fetters and the assault on her body, Annie’s lack of struggling reduced her chances of climax, further maddening Batgirl’s desire to release.

But the devices gave little relief and soon Annie was back up and squirming, slowly and deliciously building to a fresh orgasm.

Batgirl was going out of her mind, disappointed the devices were not bringing her to climax.  At last, even as Annie seemed on her way to a second orgasm, the pleasure suit hit with a powerful wave as the vibrator spooled up again.  With Annie’s large breasts constantly brushing and mashing against her own to help, the orgasm finally overwhelmed her and Batgirl exploded into her second orgasm since entering the testing center.  It was long, strong and intense.  It seemed to her than when the system sensed one of them starting to climax, it went into overdrive to maximize the experience and intensity.

Barbara wished some of her male lovers learned that trick.

Even as her orgasm finally began to subside, Annie launched into her next, though it seemed not to be as intense as her prior one for she didn’t seem to make as much noise for as long.  Before long, both women were leaning against one another, recovering from the intense torment and pleasures the Professor’s ingenious devices gave.

How many hours they stayed like this Batgirl never knew.  At some point, the devices timed out and stopped.  The two captive women just leaned and rested on each other, exhausted and worn out by all the orgasms that had been thrust upon their helpless bodies.  It had been a remarkable time, Batgirl climaxing 6 times to Annie’s 7.

Wondering if the devices would start again, both girls squirmed and surprisingly tired to break free of their bonds.  The Professor never told them they couldn’t and Batgirl still had the presence of mind to attempt to break free.  But the bonds were locked too tightly in place and she could not slip free.  The slick suits also made the task harder, as well as distracting.  If only she had her utility belt.

Some time later, the Professor returned.  “I trust you two and a pleasant afternoon” he said.

At least Batgirl knew a little more about the time.  Since being in his warehouse lair, Batgirl had lost track of time and days.

Neither put up any kind of resistance when he released them from their bondage, but keeping their hands and feet bound as much as possible reduced the chances for a successful escape.

Annie was strapped to the x-frame, her ball gagged removed and replaced with a leather gag that held a rubber penis in her mouth to suck on and keep her silent.  By instinct, Annie sucked the fake cock and seemed to squirm in her restraints.  It was if she was anticipating something good was about to happen to her and was excited by the thought.

Batgirl, on the other hand was strapped down to a table.  Only the top part of her body actually rested on the table, down to her the top of her hips.  Her legs were strapped into long rods that swiveled open and locked into position.  Her purple ball gag remained in place.

“I must admit Batgirl, this is a dream come true for me.”  He said in his usual quick speech. “I’ve dreamed and calculated how I could render you like this.  My mission has been accomplished and you are now mine.”

In full view of Annie, he moved between Batgirl’s outstretched legs.  She felt him fumbling with something between her legs until she realized he was opening some kind of crotch flap that was hidden in the pleasure suit.  In horror, she realized what he was about to do.

“Batgirl, you want to have sex with me.” He ordered.

Small pieces of her mind screamed no, never, don’t.  But her body instantly became excited, aroused and horny.  She wanted him to plunge his manhood into her, take her any way he wanted.  She moaned into her gag, a long lusty moan of anticipation.

So much for any romance or foreplay in this relationship.

The Professor dropped his pants and aimed his erect rod at Batgirl.  With all the orgasms she had this day, she was still very wet.  From his orders, she was also very hot as he easily slid into her.  Batgirl moaned and tried to thrust her hips back at him, but her bound body would not move at all.

“Batgirl, you are about to climax.” He order again as he repeatedly rammed himself into her.

What she though impossible a few moments before, she was now was nearing a climax.  As he pumped into her, squeezing her breasts through the rubber suit, she felt the build up of orgasmic energy near its peak.  She didn’t want to climax while he was screwing her, and she didn’t want him screwing her at all.  But her body was on fire and driven by uncontrolled lust, wishing she could beg him to let her come.  And the pounding went on and on.

“Batgirl” he grunted, “climax now.” He said as his own orgasm was about to erupt.

The orgasm exploded over her body, running through every nerve, every joint, every part of her.  She shook on the table as waves or pleasure crashed over her.  She felt the Professor make a deep thrust into her and his own orgasm spew into her as he grunted and groaned, mixing with hers.

The climaxing coming to an end, he held inside of her until his limp cock fell out.  Batgirl lay panting, appalled at what just happened and glad it was over.

“And we’ve only begun, Batgirl.”  He said as he dressed. He removed Annie from the x-frame.

“Miss Goodbody, return Batgirl to her cell in walking restraints.  She does not need to be gagged.  Change your clothes and meet me in the lab.  We have much work to do tonight.” He said before he left the testing center.

Annie looked on as he left, staring at the door long after he closed it.  She turned her attention to releasing Batgirl from the table and helping her up.

“That was disgusting.” Batgirl said speaking of the sex she just had.  “I need a shower to clean myself off.”

“You will get use to the Professor’s idea of relationships.” Annie said.

This surprised Batgirl.

“Do you have feelings for the Professor?”

Annie said nothing while she fetched the collar, handcuffs and leg irons.  “No.” she said at last.

With the collar locked on, and her cuffed wrists in the straps, Annie applied the leg irons and finally the leash.  Without a word, they left the testing center and boarded the freight elevator.  As it moved, Batgirl bumped the controls and stopped the elevator between floors.

“Are there listening devices on this?”  Batgirl asked in a whisper.

“None.” Annie replied.

“Then we can speak freely here.”

“We must get you back to your cell. If the Professor knows…”

“Annie, please trust me.” Batgirl said as she stood between Annie and the controls.  “We’ll get there in a few moments, I promise.  I need to know a few things outside of the Professor’s hearing.  I promise it will only take two minutes.”

Annie nodded.

“Tell me what day this is.”

“Tuesday.”

Batgirl had come to the warehouse on a Friday night.  That meant she’d be missing now for four days and from her job for two without any contact.  Was it enough to arouse suspicions, of both her father and her co-workers, and maybe Batman too?

“Thank you.”  Batgirl replied. “Is there a way we can get out of this building without the Professor knowing about it?”

“No.  Every exit, hallway and room is monitored.  The Professor can track us by heat and motion sensors or low light cameras as well as audio.”

“Where does he sleep at night?  Do you know if he leaves the building or stays here?”

“I don’t know.  Each night I go directly to my room when I am dismissed and do not leave it till 8:00am.  Each morning I go directly to the lab.  The Professor is almost always there when I arrive.  If not, I sit in a chair and wait for him”

Batgirl thought for a moment.  “Is the affects of Mind Bender reversible?”

“No.” she said.  “I least, I don’t believe it can be without going back in.”

“Annie, think.  Tell me how we can escape.”

“I can’t.”

“Are you ordered not to tell me?”

“No.”

“Then why won’t you tell me?”

“You don’t understand.” Annie said as she turned away, almost sobbing.  “I can’t leave, ever.”

“Of course you can.  If we work together, we can do this.”

“No, no, you don’t understand.” She cried.

“Then tell me so I will understand.  Please Annie, tell me so I can help.”

As Annie turned to Bargirl, she could see the struggle in her, but was losing to it.

“I cannot leave. As long as the Professor is alive, I cannot leave this building or I will die. He’s placed a command in me that if I try to escape, my heart will stop beating and I’ll die.  That’s how he keeps control over me, why I can’t escape, and I wish you’d never come.”

“Me?  Why?  Annie, I can help you.”

“He’s turning away from me, towards you. You are the fulfillment of his fantasy.  I was before you arrived.  Now with you here, I’m scared what he’ll do to me if I cross him.  I must remain loyal and do his commands, but even if I do, he may still…..” she couldn’t say the final thoughts.  “I almost hate you for it all.”

‘Annie, together we can end this nightmare, both of ours.”

“No more. I said I can’t do it.  I know I’ll die if we try, and thanks to you I just might anyway.  No, speak no more to me.  Say another word and I’ll gag you myself.” She cried.

This had not gone well.

Batgirl wanted to plead with her, gain her trust, and make an ally that together they could get away.  But the Professor had Annie so scared or programmed, it might take months, even years to build that alliance.  And if Annie really did feel hatred towards her, it would be never.

Batgirl stepped away from the elevator controls.  Annie wiped the tears from her eyes and started the elevator back up again.  Back in her cell, Batgirl’s bindings and collar were removed, placed in the drawer and Annie left without saying a single word since the elevator.

A small key was on the table that fit the locks on her shoes.  Barbara stripped of the suit and hung it up, knowing she would soon be wearing it again.  Her cowling went on a shelf above and her bondage shoes on the base.  A long purple nightgown hung in the wardrobe, which she would put on later.  A platter of food was on the table and she quickly ate it.  She showered, dried off, dressed in the night gown and crawled into the bed.  The lights clicked off a few moments later.

Sleep would not come and she lay awake, turning over the events of the past several days and wondering if she could ever escape and if she could ever gain Annie’s trust.

She forced herself to stop thinking and get some sleep.  She feared she would need her energy tomorrow and wanted to be sharp.  She concluded that for now, she would work on escaping alone.  But she also began to harbor thoughts of eliminating the Professor, once and for all.  Regardless of justice, the threat needed to be eliminated.  But could she ever do it?

As she drifted off to sleep, she feared what new perversions the next day would bring.



20.07.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 7: Plans and Flashbacks**](batgirlvsprofessor7.html)

o0o
