---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: College Bound
authors:
- Bondoboy29
tags:
- Sbm
- cbt
- caught
- M/m
- D/s
- cons
- X
date: 2002-08-05 00:00:00
---

This is a work of fantasy.

My parents did well in real estate and since money was not that
big concern they bought a house for me by the college I was going to. The
house was built in the early 1900s and apparently it was modified during
Prohibition. I discovered a hidden door in the master bedroom closet and
found the remains of an old still. The room was 8’X11’ the layout of the
rest of the rooms hides the fact it is there. The room had two posts in
the middle about six feet apart.

All this is important because when I was 17 I found my dad’s Penthouse
magazines and there were a few stories with bondage and they fascinated
me, I started searching the Internet and discovered the idea of self-bondage.
I looked at the room as a perfect place to practice self-bondage, until
then I had played at bondage, only a half hour or less, because I was worried
about discovery and was to afraid to share my kinky fantasies with anyone.
When I started college I used most of the spending money my parents sent
me to buy bondage gear and videos for my “dungeon”.

I developed an electronic release mechanism using electromagnets. First
I ran wiring for lighting and an outlet and then after building the electromagnets
and a control box to regulate the power I used a plug-in timer like what
they use for turning lights on and off. The beauty of this setup was that
if the power went out I would be released. The restraints I would use were
two thick metal disks with eyebolts in them, that were impossible to pull
away from the electromagnets when they were turned on. I had mounts setup
to hold the electromagnets at different places on the posts, floor, wall,
and even the ceiling. When mounted it was impossible to reach the wires
to pull them out.

When I started college I figured that the extra rooms in the house should
not go to waste so I found some other students who needed a cheap place
to live and gave them a great deal. I had never become very good friends
with any of them, but we got along ok.

I thought everyone had left on their spring break trips, so I prepared
do some self-bondage. I went into my dungeon and stripped naked, then lubricated
a butt plug and shoved it up my ass pretending that it was my “master”
punishing me. Next, I put ring weights on my balls, if you don’t know what
they are, they are two half circle pieces that go on above the balls around
the scrotum. I used two sets of 8oz weights which stretches my sack a little
bit, not just because of the weight but, also because the width of the
weights. Then I put my ankles in a 3’ leg spreader and used a smaller version
to hold my knees apart. Next came a 2” ball gag and then I attached the
metal discs to wrist cuffs and buckled them on, and then put on a heavy
leather blindfold. I had already set the timer to release me in 2 hours,
all that was left to do was lift up my hands to the electromagnets and
then I would be stuck.

Just as I got the discs up and secured, I heard Jason, one of my housemates
knock on my bedroom door. I was not real worried, but then I heard him
enter and come to the closet! I heard him talking to himself. He said ”He’s
let me borrow his roller blades before, he probably won’t mind if borrow
them no… heh, what’s this.” Then I heard him messing around the hidden
door! I must have gotten a shirt or something in the door when I closed
it!

“What the hell!!” He must have noticed the setup.

“I had no idea you were into this. I suppose you would just like me
to release you or leave, but I have a better idea, I think I’ll replan
my trip and have some fun with this since you never seem to have time to
talk to poor guy like me, what with all you’re parents money. First, lets
remove the stops from the timer, so the only thing that will release you
is me or a power outage.”

I heard him fumbling with the timer and I tried to pull the cuffs away
from the post but, it was no use. In the meantime my cock went rock hard.
Jason noticed my hard on and said, ”So, you like being helpless, I can see
that from how your dick got hard so quick.” I tried to shake my head no,
but he grabbed the weights hanging down below and said,” Don’t try and
deny it” and pulled them down a little. “We’ll talk when I get back, oh,
is it ok if I borrow your roller blades?” I shook my head yes. “That’s
what I thought you would say.” He laughed as he left and shut the hidden
door.

**Part Two**

I don’t know how long I stood there waiting. I kept wondering what he
was going to do to me, when he got back and to be honest, those thoughts
kept me almost rock hard until he returned. This was the most stringent
bondage I had yet tried and now I was regretting it, I could barely move
my legs and they had started to ache not long after he left.

I heard the door be opened and Jason said, ”I see your still here, time
we had a little chat, but first I will make you a little more comfortable.”
He removed the two spreader bars and I started to sag down so he moved
a stool I kept in my dungeon for to sit on. He grabbed the weights on my
balls and gave them a tug and said, “I see you been fantasizing while I
was gone, you been oozing pre-cum for while. I could do all kinds of things
to you like this, but I have a better idea, I am going to give you a choice.”

I heard him move away and sit on the easy chair I used when I watched
my bondage movies. “I could make you do almost anything right now but,
instead I will give you this choice, if when I remove your gag you say
‘no’ I will reset your timer to release you in twenty minutes and I’ll
never mention this incident. If, however you say ‘yes, master’, I will
assume you want to be made into a slave. Now this is a one-time offer,
if you say yes you will no longer have a choice I WILL MAKE you obey, whatever
I say you will do. I may decide to use you privately or share you with
the others, but you will treated as an object, not a person. I will allow
one question before you answer.”

I had always fantasized about a situation like this and now I had an
opportunity to experience some of my fantasies, maybe. I was a little afraid
but, I knew Jason was an over all decent guy, I mean after all he was giving
me a choice, not just making me do his bidding. He removed my gag and I
asked my one question, “Will there be any limits?”

His respond was, “I suppose there can be a few.”

So, I said, “Yes, master.”

“Good, here is a drink of water” he said as he held a glass to my lips.
After my drink he replaced the gag and said, “I think I will take a look
at your toy collection and see what I want to use on you.” I heard him
rummaging around the room opening boxes I kept my ‘toys’ in. Finally he
said, “This should work well.” He removed the stool and lifted one of my
legs and slipped something latex on and then lifted the other leg and then
started pulling it up. I heard him unsnapping something and then maneuvered
my dick thru the opening in the latex, at this point I began to have an
idea of what he chose-an armless surf suit.

He started to zip the back up and then stopped and said, “I am going
to tie a rope to the weight on your balls and to the posts, so you better
behave or you’ll lose your balls.”

He pulled the plug on the magnets and
my arms dropped, weak from being held up for so long, he had me cross my
arm on my chest and then finished zipping the back up. He said, “Now, lets
set you down while I think about what I want to do.” He helped me over
to near the easy chair and made me sit down and then he put a collar around
my neck and I heard him attaching a chain to it and one of the posts. “First,
I think I will look over this BDSM questionnaire you had hidden in here.
I hope you were honest when you filled it out.” He said. I nodded yes.

I had downloaded the questionnaire from a bondage club website. I was
trying to remember how I had answered the questions, but I couldn’t really
remember what I had put. I figured this might take a while, so I started
to lay down on the floor. Jason said, “ Did I say you could lay down?”
I shook my head no and tried to sit up again. Jason said, “You will stay
in whatever position I leave you in. I am going to remove your gag so you
can apologize for your mistake.”

When he removed the gag I said, “I am sorry master I will not do it
again.” in my best groveling voice.

He replaced the gag. “I think your are learning quickly slave.”

Every time I said master or he called me slave I would get hard again,
I think it is the thought that I have no control now, that he can do whatever
he wants to do to me. I am not sure how will turn out but I know it will
be interesting.

To be continued….
