---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What You See is Not Always What You Get Part 2
authors:
- Captain Lance
tags:
- MF
- latex
- catsuits
- hoods
- heat
- outdoors
- waste
- messy
- bin
- encased
- dumped
- mast
- sex
- cons-reluct
- X
---

(story continues from [**What You See is Not Always What You Get...**](whatyouseeisnotalwayswhatyouget.html))

Part Two

How slowly time advances when you are eagerly awaiting it. The few days from our last date to Wednesday seemed to go on forever. Tuesday evening I arrived home from work to find the message light blinking on my answering machine. I prayed that it was not someone trying to sell me a vacuum cleaner....

Eagerly, but with apprehension, I pushed the button to playback my message. It was DeeDee! Hooray, I thought to myself.

"HI, sexy, DeeDee here. About tomorrow night, I hope you don’t mind a bit of heat, the weather guy says it is going to be close to 90\* again. So, I want you to wear a latex catsuit that you said you have. Latex gloves and socks if the suit does not have them attached, and bring a latex hood with cutouts for your eyes and mouth, not an open-faced one. OK? "

"And one other thing, I loved those black patent leather platform boots you wore. I never saw a guy wear girls’ boots before, but they are so hot on you!" she finished.

I played the message back several times, it was so exciting that I got a hard-on just listening to it. I thought she was a bit crazy, wearing latex in 90\* heat and humidity, but if she was up to it, why not me too? That night I lay in bed thinking about tomorrow, dreaming and hoping that it would live up to our last date.  Wednesday night came slowly. At work I must have checked the clock a hundred times. Finally, I was on my way home. Rushing through dinner, I set my outfit out on the bed. I had chosen exactly what she had commanded. A black latex catsuit, my favorite one, with zippers on the arms and lags for a tight fit. A crotch zipper and stand up neck. I had picked out latex gauntlet gloves and latex socks to compliment the suit, and a hood with a back zipper, eye and mouth openings as directed.

I was excited to hear her say that she loved my boots, so this time she was going to see another favorite pair, a bit more edgy than the first. This pair was thigh high red patent leather, laced from foot to top over a black gore,
and had a one inch platform but with a 5-inch spike heel. Edgy, to be sure. Stripping naked, I smoothed on a liberal coating of latex dressing silicon fluid. I made sure that every inch of my body was well oiled. Slipping into my costume for the evening, I felt hot at once. Even though the house is air conditioned, the Summer’s heat permeated everything. Finishing dressing, I was already sweating like a bull.

Looking at myself in the mirror, I decided to add a latex waist cincher belt to finish off the look, and to give me a smaller, sexier waist. The red boots set off the black catsuit, and to me, looked fantastic. I hoped that DeeDee would think the same.

I had no idea of what she had planned, but my cock was telling me it really didn’t matter! Walking around the house was exciting in itself. The silicon oil had combined with my own sweat making the inside of the suit a steaming hot puddle of juices. The rubbing of the wet suit over my skin made my cock even harder, and I was afraid it would make me cum just by walking.

It was nearly 9PM. I took my car keys, looked out the widow to see if any neighbors were outside that may see me when I left. Fortunately, the coast was clear! I opened the door and stepped outside into what felt like the air in a bathroom after taking a steaming hot shower. It was nearly unbearable.

With my hood in hand, I opened the door of my car and sat down. It was even hotter than outside. I turned the A/C up to MAX and waited for it to take effect.

Casting caution to the wind, I decided to put the top down on my car, I knew that everyone could then see that I was dressed in latex, but that seemed to make the trip even more exciting. About 15 minutes later, I pulled up in front of DeeDee’s house. Taking my hood in hand, I unstuck myself from the leather seats of the car. Hot latex and leather seem to glue themselves together quite well! She must have heard me arrive, as she was standing at the front door as I walked up the front walk.

She opened the door, and there she stood, in a silver latex catsuit, black spike heel vinyl knee boots, and a black latex waist cincher. Quite an erotic sight, for sure. She wrapped her gloved hands around my waist and hugged me as she kissed my lips. My cock grew even harder. Dee invited me in and gave me a large glass of iced tea, saying that she didn’t want me to dehydrate from all the heat. It was certainly hot, and my suit was swimming in oil and sweat. Dee drank down a large glass as well; she picked her hood up from the table, and took my hand. "Let’s go, baby," she said.

As we got into my car, she told me where we were going, a secluded beach on the North Shore of the Island. She reached over to the dash and turned the A/C off. Even with the top down, I liked the car cool around my legs, but it was not to be apparently. "Why waste the wonderful heat," she said. The half hour drive to the beach was very hot, I was melting in my latex prison, even though the wind was blowing all around us, as it was 90\* and humid. Pulling into the deserted beach parking lot, we found a spot that she liked and parked.

"Put the top up, please" she asked. She pushed the buttons for the windows, putting them up as well. As the top was raising, she took her hood and slid it onto her head. She asked me to help zip it up, which I did. She looked absolutely erotic sitting there in her silver catsuit and hood. Around the eye and mouth openings was a row of tiny round-headed silver studs forming an outline of each opening. Her eye openings were covered with clear plastic, forming a lense, leaving her mouth as the only real opening. "You’re next, baby!" she ordered.

"It’s really getting hot in here," I said." Are you sure you want to wear all this latex?"

"Absolutely," she said, "Absolutely."

With that, I slid my head into my hood and pulled it down to my neck. Dee reached over and zipped it closed as she tucked the bottom into the neck of my suit. We were both fully covered, and sweating like crazy.

It must have been more than 100\* degrees already, as my hair was already completely soaked and the water was running down my face. I wasn’t sure if I liked it or not...

Dee took a small round thermometer out of her bag. She placed it on the dash, and it read 103\*. She reached over to me, drew me close to her and we started to make out very intensely. Her right hand slid down to my crotch and she started to caress my cock through the latex prison I was wearing. The eroticism was immediate and unmistakable. "Are you ready?" she asked.

"Ready for what?" I replied.

"Heat, baby. We are going to get hot. Very hot. I hope we can reach 130\* before we have to stop, or we faint."

With that, she reached for the dash again, twisting the temperature control on the heater all the way up, and the fan to "high."  I thought she was crazy, but I decided to go along, at least for a short time. She threw her arms around me and we began to make out like teenagers on a first date. I was both extremely aroused, and melting from the heat. It seemed that the hotter it got, the more excited she became. Glancing at the thermometer, I saw it hit 110\*, then 118\*, then 123\*. I was having real difficulty breathing, and I was sure that I would pass out very soon. She continued caressing, kissing, and rubbing my cock through my suit. As the temperature hit 129\* I felt relieved that she might soon stop. The heat it seemed did not affect her.  She loved every second of it. She opened the crotch zipper of her suit a small amount. I quickly stuck my fingers inside of her and got her clit so very excited that she came in seconds. The water was gushing out of her suit.  She quickly zipped it back up after climaxing.

"Can we turn it off, now?" I asked.

" Let’s go for it, OK? You are doing just fine." She replied. I shook my head "Yes."

We returned to our embrace and awaited the climax of the heating. I peeked at the dash again and saw 134\*... then about ten minutes later, it hit 140\*.... I was so very flushed, and I could see that she was having troubles too. "Not yet", she managed to squeak out. She then grabbed my cock with all her might, and with the suit in her hand; she masturbated me until I shot my load of cum all inside of my suit. She told me that it was now reading 143\*... and that it seemed to have hit its limit, as it was not increasing. She turned the heater off, and asked me to open the top and turn the A/C back on. Gladly, I did. The relief was immediate and so very welcome.

"Next time we will take my car, it is a hardtop, and it gets nice and hot very fast." She finished.

We sat there for a short while to regain our breath and sort ourselves out. I asked if she wanted her hood taken off. She replied "NO. It’s dark out, and no one will even see us. "

I was told to leave mine on too, which I did. Driving around with the top down, both of us in full head to toe latex suits and hoods was a real turn on. I was quickly rock hard again, which she saw through the skintight rubber I was wearing. I asked where she wanted to go. I had figured that she would want to go home and take a shower to wash off the gallons of sweat we had between us.

"Oh, no, the night is young yet" she replied. "Let’s go to this address... 55 Industrial Parkway."

I turned the car onto the Expressway and we headed to her requested address.  "What’s there?" I asked.

Dee told me that she works at that address.  It’s a factory called Acme products, and that they are manufacturers of wholesale food for large discount stores. She went on to tell me that she was in charge of new product development, and that she tested and approved new foods to be manufactured and sold. Arriving at the huge plant, she directed me to drive around to the rear of the main building and park next to the loading dock. It was very dark, and the plant was about half dark inside, as only a skeleton night crew was on duty. We parked and got out of the car very quietly so as not to arouse the security that surely was there. She led me up a flight of stairs to the loading dock and taking me by the hand.  We walked into an area with several conveyor belts, large tubes running around the building with various markings, all warning of something or other. In the dark I could still see that the conveyors that were humming along were carrying some sort of product from time to time.

"What do you make here?" I asked.

"We make lots of stuff, Chinese food like Chow Mien, Breakfast Cereal, Creamed Spinach, Corn, Cole Slaw and more," she repeated.

"DO you remember a few days ago, when we were sitting in the diner and I was mumbling about the garbage truck across the street, and how it would be so very sexy to jump into the trash... and you said only if you could hold my hand when I did it?" she said.

"Sure," I replied. "It sounded like fun, kinky and erotic, all things that I love about you."

With that, she put her hand onto one of the passing conveyors and scooped up a large glob of something. She looked at it for a second, and rubbed it all over my latex enclosed face. She then reached down to her crotch and unzipped the small zipper on her catsuit, exposing her soaked pussy. Then, reaching over to me, she unzipped my crotch zipper and pulled my rock hard cock out from its latex encasement.

"Join me, sissy!" she yelled as she threw herself onto one of the speeding belts, which was covered in greenish goo, zipping out of sight in seconds.

Shocked, and afraid for her safety, I decided to follow. Hopping onto the goo-covered belt, I felt the squish as I landed, holding on for dear life; I was speeding away to some open area ahead. Before I could react, I saw the end of the belt, it was not stopping! In seconds, I reached the end and was thrown off, falling down about six or 7 feet. I landed with a loud "Squish, thump" and felt the very hot goo around me starting to cover me.

Struggling to stand up after the ordeal, I saw Dee on the other side of the container, standing up, covered from head to toe in greenish goo watching me struggle. The deep goo was up to her mid thighs, and was terribly hot. Managing to upright myself, I slugged through the goo to where she was standing. She was very aroused, and was massaging her pussy with a hand full of the green goo. "What the hell is this place?" I yelled.

"It’s the end of the line for product that isn’t 100% right, either too cold, undercooked, or overcooked" she said. "We are in a removable recycling container that will slowly fill with refuse food. That’s why I wanted to see if you could take the heat, this box gets up to 135\* sometimes, and I wanted to be sure you could survive along with me until the event is over." She said.

"What event?" I asked.

"The box will fill, covering us in hot food waste, then we will be compacted, and trucked to the animal food processing plant that gets our waste to make cattle feed... Hopefully, we can escape before it’s too late and we get processed too" she said in a matter of fact way. "Last Summer, I nearly didn’t make it, I was alone and got caught up in the waste. but with you along, it should be safer!" she told me.

I was a bit shocked, but it did sound both dangerous and kinky...

With that, bells rang, and the hum of motors was deafening. Four more conveyor belts started to run. "It’s 1AM" she said, "the night shift is ending its run, lots of food is on its way, I fear."

The box we were in was about 8 feet wide.  14 feet long, and about 8 feet high. We were up to our mid thighs in waste, and as the belts began to throw their products down, we were splattered with creamed corn, creamed spinach, rice cereal, more chow mien, spaghetti, corncobs, and oatmeal.

The belts were throwing food so fast that there was no spot in the container that was free of flying food.   I gave up trying to avoid being pelted with the waste, and stood there holding on to Dee with all my might as we were rapidly being engulfed in garbage. I felt the waste reach my exposed cock, and cover it. The feeling was so erotic that I had to grab it and masturbate myself as my cock was covered. Soon, it reached my stomach, and the heat was terrific. I felt like I was cooking in my own bowl of food, like a captive in a head hunter’s cauldron.

Looking at Dee, I could see that the goo was nearing her breasts, as she is shorter than I am. She was not panicking, and was seemingly very excited. As it covered her breasts, and was nearing her neck, I saw no difference in her actions. She was nearly under the waste, but not at all afraid.  I saw her arms moving rapidly under the goo, she was obviously masturbating herself wildly as the garbage was engulfing her. The waste was at my upper chest now, and she was nearly up to her chin, tilting her head back in an effort to stay above the drowning point.

The thought of this, with me holding her was overpowering. I grabbed her by the sides, and lifted her up. I slowly let her down, and positioned her so as to slide onto my exposed cock. On the second try, I hit the target. She emitted a loud groan as she was impaled onto my rock hard rod. As I slid into her, I could feel all the goo that she had managed to pack into her pussy, it was filed with chow mien! I moved to the sidewall of the container and holding her against the wall, and I began to fuck her. It must have been quite a sight, two bodies covered from head to toe in gooey waste, fucking, like wild dogs. Our mouths were locked together in lovers’ embrace, kissing wildly, and sucking each other’s juices out.

The waste had now reached my chin; it must have been much higher than Dee’s head as she was 8 inches shorter than I am.  Cumming inside of her was fantastic, and I climaxed so hard I nearly fainted from the heat and the fabulous sex. Dee was moaning and crying, as we finished together. The conveyors stopped as abruptly as they had started. I was still holding Dee up so that she wouldn’t sink under the goo. "Let me go," she asked plaintively. "You don’t have to hold me up any longer, it’s OK, I can accept my fate now that I have fulfilled my fantasy with you".

"You’ll drown," I yelled. "I can’t let you go."

"It will solidify very quickly, it is part of the removal process," she said. "We are soon on our way to be processed into cattle feed, I would much rather suffer my fate here with you at my side as I drown than be chopped up alive into cattle feed."

I felt a hard "BUMP" as a truck backed up to our container. With lots of noise, I heard the driver cursing his job, and chaining the container to lift it onto the truck. The nose of the container rose dramatically, pouring the contents to one end, leaving where we were standing quite low. I released Dee to stand on her own.  She managed to make her way to a long side of the box and grab onto a step handle that was welded onto the side of the box. As the truck finished loading, the container leveled itself, and the wave of garbage slid back, knocking Dee from the handhold she was clinging to. I watched helplessly as she disappeared from sight as it covered her, leaving only her hand and wrist exposed. I too was knocked down, and slid under the tons of gooey waste. Darkness was all I could feel, and intense heat.

Up righting myself, I managed to move toward Dee’s hand, and grab hold of her. I pulled her up above the level of the waste and held her in the air. She gasped for breath, and held onto me as tightly as she could. "God, I don’t want to die!" she cried out. "Help me, Please! "As the truck moved along, we could feel the waste cooling rapidly, and the consistency thickening.  Holding onto the step with one hand, and onto Dee with the other, I managed to keep her balanced on my hips with her legs wrapped around my waist.

Within 15 minutes, I could not move at all. The goo had set like concrete. We were molded into the waste, and unable to move. Dee looked at me and whispered, "Whatever happens to us, I want you to know that I love you, and you made my fantasy come true." We kissed deeply, and we both started to cry. Then, shortly thereafter, the truck’s brakes screeched to a stop. The driver was saying something to another person. I felt the truck drive ahead slowly, then back up, and stop. The container shook, and began to tilt upright again. Higher and higher, until we could no longer hold on, we were still stuck in solidified goo, and were being slid out of the truck and onto something. I passed out from the dumping, and awoke to find us both still holding onto each other, but buried in semi solidified waste goo in a shallow pit of similar waste. I shook Dee to awaken her. She was very groggy, and managed to say "It’s ok, we lost. Just hold me and it will be OK, at least we are together"

"NO," I yelled, "look up. I see light!"

She glanced upwards and together, we felt renewed. We started to claw and scrape our way out and up to the light. Fortunately, it was only a few feet above us, and soon we were heads above the pile of waste. Very quickly we were free and climbed up the side of the heap of waste to level ground. We held hands when we got to the top and ran away from the facility.

There we were, covered from head to toe in festering garbage, reeking of waste, and holding hands as we ran toward home. It took us nearly an hour to make it back to the factory where we had left our car. Quite a sight were we. Every time a car approached, we darted behind whatever was close, a car, a tree, or whatever we could find. Several motorists passed us and gawked at what must have been quite a show. Both Dee and I looked like the Swamp Things... I never realized that all the way back to the factory, we were both exposed, we never stopped to zip our crotch zippers back up.

Finding our car still parked behind the plant, I asked Dee if she wanted me to help her out of her hood and to try and clean up before leaving. "Not right now, baby" she said while pointing to my exposed cock, still covered in filth and goo. "If you have it in you, do me one more time, I am so horny I could explode." With that, she bent over the fender of my car, spread her legs and smiled back at me.

"My cock is filthy with waste and food, do you really want that inside of you?" I asked.

"Now or never" she replied.

Without hesitation, I felt my cock grow to fully erect, and with that I parted her cheeks and rammed it into her pumping away as hard as I could muster.  I came in minutes; I was unable to hold myself back from the endorphin rush I was feeling. After exploding inside of her, we relaxed for a minute and began to look for something to put over the seats of the cart for the ride home. Finding an old tarp in the loading area, we put it on the front seats and, still in head to toe latex and garbage, drove home to clean up and celebrate.

09.01.11

story continues in [**What You See is Not Always What You Get Part 3**](whatyouseeisnotalwayswhatyouget3.html)

o0o
