---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Finishing School 4
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- F+/f+
- F+/m
- latex
- bond
- bagged
- susp
- fem
- cons
- X
---

**Part Four**

It was a strange sensation as I left the
gym, surrounded by six very attractive young women and two prefects, all in
latex. They made me the centre of attention and I was first embarrassed but then
began to take pleasure that they should show so much interest. We walked
languorously back in the now strong sun. I noticed almost at once the girls who
had been beaten in wrestling or by the cane showed no animosity to the other
three, although they didn’t know precisely who had beaten whom. With the
prefects they were fairly cool; they knew the power they wielded and were keen
not to transgress any lines. Emma was happy and at ease, proud of her little
plaything (me). We passed the old schoolyard where the two girls I had seen
earlier in tennis whites had finished and now joined us, so we were now a group
of eleven and quite a jolly group. We arrived at the showers and toilets and
without warning we all went inside. I hesitated at the door but Emma said.

“Well, you want to go before lunch,
don’t you?” And I did and nodded nervously. While the girls were in front of
the mirrors doing their make-up and hair and adjusting their costumes Emma
accompanied me to a small cubicle without any door and said.

“Well, you’re a big girl, you know
what to do.” I turned to face her and raised my short skirt, pulled down my
plain white panties and sat down. I knew the end of the pouch was attached to a
small tube to the outside of the “pussy” but I still felt a bit nervous,
particularly as Emma was still standing in front of me and other girls passing
by. Nonetheless I spread my rubber labia and I pissed as best I could, and out
it came! It was the weirdest sensation and I held my head low, my newly
coiffured hair dropping either side of my face and partially hiding it. Emma
gave me a smile of approval as I dried myself, stood up and raised my panties,
adjusted my suspenders and smoothed out any creases in my stockings. During this
time I got several comments like “nice legs” and “what a pair’ and
“gettemoff” as well wolf whistles. I realised when you get a group of women
in a bunch amongst themselves, that really they are no different to men! Emma
led me to the mirror and got out her make-up bag and placed it in front of me.

“You’d better start getting used to
doing this yourself. I can’t do it for you all the time, here.” She handed
me the lipstick and I applied it as best I could, smoothing and licking my lips,
applied some eyebrow pencil, mopped my brow and nose and smoothed my face with a
dab of face powder. Emma looked at me in the mirror and nodded.

“Very good, very good, are you sure
you haven’t done this before.” The other girls watched, waiting for my
reaction.

“No! Of course not, what do you take
me for.” She stepped back in a theatrical manner and placed her finger to her
chin as if in thought.

“Well, I don’t really know, most
would take you for a very attractive young woman, dressed voluptuously in
rubber!” The others laughed at this.

“Okay, touché, point taken, you
win.” I passed a comb through my hair, in its new pageboy cut, straightened my
tie and adjusted my “breasts” and nodded to her. Emma smiled and turned, and
I followed her, the chain jangling between us, and our heels pounding out a
rhythm on the wood floors. I was actually now getting used to the heels although
my calves were pretty sore. And I knew I would be “elevated” to higher heels
soon. We entered the main hall and there hanging from the balcony was the rubber
bag with poor Felicity in it. The bag swung slowly from its chain and I could
here a faint whimpering from inside. It must have been very hot and wet in there
and the smell of the rubber would have been overpowering. Emma approached the
bag and trying to gauge where Felicity’s backside would be, gave it a fearful
slap. There was aloud yelp from inside.

“Only 21 hours to go Felicity dear, I
expect you are learning your lesson eh?” A voice muffled by the rubber
replied.

“Oh please, please let me out, I will
do anything for you.”

“No chance dear, 21 hours more and
then you will come out a changed woman. I’m sure.” Emma now approached
Judith; standing to attention in her inflatable rubber bag, dribble now dripping
from her mouth tube as she took deep breaths. Emma put her hand over the end of
the tube and watched as Judith struggled for air. She wriggled and squirmed and
Emma then let her go and she let out a loud groan.

“Three more hours Judith, you are
doing very well. Just remember when you come out of this, who is the boss here,
otherwise back you go! And I don’t think you want to do that.”

There was a grunt from the rubber mummy,
previously a bright precocious young woman, now a powerless pawn in this strange
game being carried out. The school were now assembling in the dining hall, the
two girls who had been stuffed into the single rubber suit with three legs
staggered in, already seeming at odds with each other. Peggy led in Sarah and I
looked across at her, giving a short wave of acknowledgement but then having
seen me she looked truly shocked at my appearance and for this I couldn’t
blame her. Peggy put a motherly arm round her and led her to her seat,
whispering in her ear.

I saw carol in her black latex suit with
the two inserted vibrators. She was in an advanced state of excitement, her
hands clawed at her groin, but she could do nothing, a prisoner of perpetual
arousal. She had lost her arrogance now, all right.

Miss Broad was last to enter the hall.
She passed Felicity in her bag and gently massaged the outside, speaking to her
quietly through the air holes. She had now changed into a superb scarlet pencil
skirt, knee length and barely allowing her to walk, so tight that it was. She
also wore a bright pink loose blouse, tight at the wrists and waist, and a pair
of matching pink stockings. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail from
her crown. Taking small careful steps she came right over to me and placed a
red-gloved hand on my cheek.

“Maxine, my dear, I can’t get over
how good you look, such a figure and such classic bone structure. You were made
for such a place as this, rubber shows off your figure so well, don’t you
think?” I hesitated and looked around me before replying, I saw Sarah stare at
me and then my reply even surprised me.

“Yes, yes it does Miss Broad.” Miss
Broad smiled as if a small victory had been gained, which I suppose for her had
been. Emma sat at the end of one table and I sat on her left, they had split
Sarah and me up, for she was on an adjacent table but within my eyesight, and I
couldn’t stop from glancing over and trying to catch her eye. Thankfully my
lunch was not of the liquid variety administered by a tube through a gag and
down my throat, but solid food, and it was really pretty good.

This time everybody was allowed to talk
and there was a lot of animated chattering among the girls. They really seemed
quite chirpy. I found this so odd, it was just like a normal cafeteria or
refectory and the girls were behaving “normally” as if they weren’t
prisoners in this bizarre school of discipline and rubber! Shortly we were
finished and Miss Broad stood as the assembled girls went silent.

“You now have one free hour at three
the lectures will begin. Some of you will go to the gym for ballet and some for
bondage classes. Now, go on your way.” The girls dispersed noisily, and Emma
asked me if I wanted to go to the library.

There were several girls there in the
small room, with magazines and books on shelves and I also saw rows of DVD’s
and videos. There was a bay window at one end and a large table with several
chairs occupied by girls of varying ages reading. In the window were three
armchairs and in one a girl of about eighteen was reading. I sat down opposite
her; I raised my skirt slightly so the cool leather of the chair was touching
the area between stocking top and pants, which I found very pleasant. I crossed
my legs as demurely as I could which was not easy as the skirt was so short. The
girl looked up, saw it was me and smiled in a friendly way.

“Hi.” She said and glanced at Emma
clearly hoping not to incur her wrath. She was wearing the standard uniform of
black skirt, white blouse and white stockings. I spoke quietly, asking what she
was reading.

“Nothing much, just a magazine,
here.” She handed it to me and I saw it was a bondage magazine, the front page
a picture of one girl, kneeling and rubber clad, being gagged by another
standing behind her. I looked back, a question clearly on my face.

“All the mags and books and the
DVD’s and such are on the same….themes.” Then Emma interjected.

“Tamsin is right, it’s all part of
the education here,” she pointed to the shelves, “all these volumes are of
erotic content, BDSM, transvestism, rubber immersion, enemas, and infantilism;
everything we do here. The girls read them on a daily basis, and it works into
their system, it helps their imagination wander, maybe it gives them tips on
bondage, of others or of self bondage. It makes then feel they are not the only
people in the world who feel this way.” I reached behind me, brought down a
magazine and thumbed through it, watched by Tamsin furtively and by Emma more
openly, clearly watching for my reaction. I had to chuckle when I saw it was a
story in photographs and captions of a young man being forced by his girlfriend
and a female friend of hers to dress in rubber as their maid. I have to say the
man looked pretty good as the maid, but maybe….not as good as me! I tossed it
on the table in front of me.

“Too close to home?” Emma chuckled.
I smiled back.

“I don’t have to look at it if I am
living it, do I?” Emma nodded.

“Touche.” Glancing out the window I
saw Peggy walk past with her arm on Sarah’s shoulder and I wondered where they
were off to, Miss Broad had mentioned ballet classes and Sarah had done ballet
since she was five. She had been very good at it but had simply grown too large,
or at least too large for the leading men to lift her with one arm! She still
did it though as she loved the discipline of it, and it was tremendous exercise
– her body was proof to that.

I picked up another magazine that
contained certain bondage techniques with very attractive models demonstrating
them. There seemed to be nowhere I could turn to get away from this, and I
suppose this was the whole point about the indoctrination. I suggested a walk in
the sun to Emma and she nodded, so we left Tamsin with her rubber bondage
magazine and went out into the hot sun. Quickly the droplets of sweat rolled
down my back and my arms but were unable to escape and lodged themselves in my
pants and at my wrists. Certainly in my pants I was warm and very wet. Suddenly
Emma said to me.

“It’s getting really hot. I’m
going in to change, come on.” I had little option as I was still chained to
her and so followed her, as quickly as I could in my three-inch heels to her
room on the second floor. The room contained two bunk beds with rubber sheets
and pillowcases. She saw me looking at them.

“This is where you sleep tonight,
although….unfortunately….there won’t be any chance for any hanky-panky.’
She pinched my buttock mischievously. “I’ m going to devise something rather
special for you.”

I didn’t like the sound of that, Emma
was a striking girl and given different circumstances I would have had no
hesitation in making a play for her, but not here and not now. By way of a key
in her bedside table she unlocked my cuff and said.

“There you are, you’re free, fancy
making a run for it? I bet you could overpower me.” She stood in front of me,
hands on her hips smiling happily and almost challenging me, but I was no fool,
dressed like this I surely wouldn’t get far, and I would be leaving Sarah.

“What, and leave Sarah? That
wouldn’t be very gallant, would it? No I’ll stay if you don’t mind, you
don’t have to worry about me doing a runner, not now anyway.”

“Good for you, although I think the
reason you won’t run is you rather like it here!” I sat on the bed and said
nothing, seeing as I wasn’t going anywhere I decided I would watch Emma
change, that in itself would be an entertainment. She was in no way embarrassed
in this and took off her belt from which hung the gags, bladders and cuffs. She
dropped it on the bed and turned her back to me.

“Here, unzip me please.” This odd,
almost domestic request I found hard to comprehend but I stood up and unzipped
her down from neck to waist. She pulled her arms out of the sleeves, exposing
her tanned body covered in sweat. She was a stunning sight and I felt my cock
harden in its tight sheath. I now saw she did not wear stockings but tights in
brilliant white to match her shoulder length gloves and bra and that was all. I
sat down again to watch her and she peered over her shoulder and saw this, then
approached me, turned her back, bent over and stuck her shiny white bottom right
in my face!

I was going to lean back but for some
reason didn’t and I held my head there, my nose in the cleft of her cheeks.

“Breathe in…through your nose.”
She said and I did so, I didn’t have to, I could have leant back but I
breathed in the strong pungent aroma of the warm latex and I didn’t recoil.
She turned round to face me, satisfied with her experiment.

“Mmm, you’re coming along very
well.” She raised my short skirt and looked at my groin covered in the two
layers of rubber.

“I just bet he wants to pop out right
now, sorry, not possible.” She pulled off her gloves and then without ant
shyness, as if I wasn’t there her bra. Her breasts were firm and brown and
damp with sweat; she rolled her nipples between finger and thumb, slyly looking
at me. Then she rolled out of her white tights that were awash with her sweat
and stood naked in front of me. She placed her clothes on a hanger and said,
while she nonchalantly towelled herself off.

“The nice thing about being a prefect
is that you can always get one on the girls to clean up after you,” she
giggled, “ I will get one of them to wash my clothes and powder and shine them
up.” She applied a liberal amount of powder to her body, all over and then
rummaged through her closet which I could see was crammed with latex clothing
– dresses, skirts, blouses, catsuits and even masks and helmets. She pulled
out a one-piece bright yellow leotard, a good choice, I thought, as it would
show off her fine tan. It was cut high at the sides exposing thigh and hip; a
high polo neck, but with no sleeves and a cut that would expose her shoulders
and there was a short zip from her shoulder blades to her neck. I was wondering
how she would get into it, but as she stepped into it I could see it was very
flexible.

“I’ll need your help here.” She
said as she pulled it up over her muscular thighs and I held the sides as she
wriggled and pulled it up, pushed her arms through the narrow shoulders and then
I zipped her up. This was almost as arousing as taking it off, I thought.

“Thanks.” She said.

“My pleasure.” I replied and I meant
it.

“Yes, I bet it was.” And smirked
again, smoothing out the creases, which she hardly had to do as it fit her as if
it was painted on. It showed off her fine boobs and flat stomach and was very
tight around her crotch and I noted…….hid nothing. She drew on a pair of
yellow gloves to over her elbows and then a matching pair of pumps with
astronomical heels, about five inches at least. She released her black hair from
her tight ponytail and just let it fall to her shoulders, shaking her head. She
looked wonderful and she knew exactly how to show it off.

“Well, what do you think?” She
asked, twirling.

“Are you kidding, stunning….and even
if I wasn’t your prisoner and plaything…I would say that.”

“Well thanks.” And she looked
genuinely pleased with my compliment. “Now one good turn deserves another, you
look pretty hot in that blouse and skirt, we should find something for you.”

“Thank you, yes, I’m beginning to
wilt.” I wasn’t sure whether I was pleased to be getting out of my clothes
or ashamed that she was treating me as a girlfriend, which I suppose was the
whole point. But she helped me out of my blouse and skirt, first releasing the
metal belt from my waist. And so I stood in front of her a little embarrassed,
wearing shoulder length gloves, corset with false boobs, two pairs of pants,
stockings and heels, and with my ankles still fettered by the short chain. She
inspected me hard, appraising me, seemingly aroused, but then why should she be,
dressed as I was.

“You can take the gloves off.” I
did, my arms were pink and wet. “I think the white stockings should stay, your
legs look great in them, firm and slim, and you’re made for them.” I
didn’t feel particularly proud at the compliment but I knew they looked pretty
good.

“Okay, let’s see what we have
here.” And she started rummaging again in her closet. I stood there watching
her, feeling a bit silly; I straightened my stockings and drew them up a bit.
Finally she seemed happy with what she had and drew it out. I can say that it
only really resembled a French tart’s dress. She smiled and rested it against
my shoulders and seemed to approve. It was essentially in two pieces, the dress
was ridiculously short, in red and black stripes. The top was in bright matching
red with a black ruffled neck and ruffled elbow length sleeves.

I stepped into it carefully as my ankles
were still fettered. She pulled it up over my thighs, the waist was tight and
she pulled it hard to get it over my hips. My arms went through the sleeves and
she zipped it up the back. I adjusted it for comfort and was shocked to see the
skirt barely covered the tops of my white stockings. I tried to pull it down,
with no luck, the rubber just bouncing back. Emma was amused at my
embarrassment.

“We don’t want to hide your
beautiful legs, now do we? Don’t be shy; a little flash of thigh will do no
harm.” She replaced the metal belt around my waist and attached it to her
wrist. She looked at me as if to say “well you had your choice, slim though it
was, and now you are mine again”. She passed me a pair of shoulder length
gloves in red that I carefully drew up my arms and under the sleeves of the
dress.

“You did very well in your low heels
today (low! I thought) so I think we can promote you to these now.” And she
passed me a pair of four inch heeled red shoes that I slid into.

“You said I was going to wear
something a bit cooler, I don’t feel any cooler at all.” She laughed at my
comment.

“Don’t whine Maxine. Well, when I
saw your body again in your underwear, I just couldn’t resist dressing you as
a French prossy, sorry but you just look too good. Come over to the table here
and I’ll touch up your make-up.”

I tottered over to the table still
taking small steps because of the short ankle fetters and she did my make-up
quickly and efficiently, wiping away any perspiration, and making me look as
good as new again. She stood back and helped me out of the chair, pecked my
cheek and we returned downstairs with me going very carefully in my new heels.
Emma turned and smiled as I made my way, acclimatising to another inch on my
heels.

I didn’t feel much cooler at all, but
then I was their rubber dolly to do with as they pleased, so I really didn’t
have much of a choice! Felicity’s bag was now motionless, and she was clearly
resigned to her fate, while Judith stood next to her, her breath coming in a
wheeze, and saliva dripped from the tube. Her lenses had now misted up and I
wondered if she could see anything at all. I looked closely into them and
wondered what torment she was going through. I saw nothing, just a black void
behind the condensation. Emma watched me tolerantly as if knowing my thoughts. I
rested my hand on the inflated helmet, and there was no movement.

We went outside. The sun was hot as I
wobbled on my heels around the building; I heard a couple of wolf whistles but
could do nothing with my miniscule skirt and I knew there would be flashes of
thigh and stocking top. Emma was taking me back to the gym.

We entered the rear door, it was
blissfully cool and I took in a deep breath. The ballet class was now in session
and there were six girls doing their bar exercises, knee bends and leg
stretches. I immediately saw that Sarah was one of them, as I had hoped. It was
easy to pick her out, she was far superior in technique, God, she was
unbelievably flexible. One prefect was playing the piano and Peggy was giving
the lesson.

Inevitably what caught my eye were the
girl’s costumes. It was the standard tights and short sleeved leotard, but in
shiny white latex, plus a frilled tutu! Sarah was intent on her exercises and
looked stunning in her tight white costume. She looked up and saw me, did a
double take and then looked down again, almost in shock. Peggy saw us and
motioned for the music to stop.

“Ah Maxine, just the girl we want, we
need a strong girl to help the girls through their lifts and you will be
perfect.” I wasn’t so sure but I had little choice in the matter.

“Now I do like your outfit very much,
very sexy and it shows off your legs wonderfully but the ankle fetters and the
heels are not very practical. You don’t mind Emma if we borrow Maxine for a
while?” They had probably planned this before but Emma played her role to the
hilt.

“Of course not, I’m sure Maxine will
be perfect, she certainly has the legs for it.”

Emma unlocked my ankle cuffs and my
waistband and I slipped out of the heels, which was blissful for a moment. Peggy
brought over a pair of ballet shoes and squatted down in front of me and laced
them on. Emma brought Sarah to the centre of the room and Peggy led me to her,
so we now faced each other, two feet apart. She looked divine in her white
tights and leotard and her hair pulled beck in a tight bun. A flood of emotions
went through me and I tried to communicate my love to Sarah. I saw a faint
almost sympathetic smile on her face, and my heart rose. I hoped that she knew
my feelings for her had not changed, in fact they were stronger and that I had
very little say in how I was dressed and made-up.

Nonetheless, seeing your boyfriend in
front of you dressed as a French whore with corseted waist and big false boobs,
tight dress with miniscule skirt and tight shiny stockings and gloves together
with a page boy haircut and full make-up can come as a big shock to any girl!

I had seen her work on her routines many
times before and therefore had an idea of my role that basically was to support
and lift and catch when required. So, as all the others watched in a group, and
with my heart pounding she raised herself on her toes and raised her arms above
her head and began her routine as I supported her when needed.

And as we continued I began to forget
about the others watching, and my ridiculous costume, but concentrate on my
beautiful girlfriend in her rubber costume and in my arms. She also seemed
intent on her craft but when our eyes did make contact and she nodded for me to
raise her or allow her to drop in my arms there was the faintest of smiles. The
others were in a group so I was able to manoeuvre her away slightly and with my
back to them I raised her above my shoulders, the tutu was above my head and her
crotch right in my face, I buried my head in the folds of rubber, nosing and
nudging her pussy through the two layers. I knew her body so well and I wanted
so much to please her then, but the pungent rubber was an impenetrable barrier.
I lowered her and our eyes met again.

“Sarah, I love you more than ever,
please don’t forget that.” I whispered, barely moving my lips. She looked at
me and then over my shoulder at the group and gave me a small smile and nodded
imperceptibly. We continued, me feeling her familiar body, tightly wrapped in
latex; despite this I smelt her familiar smell mixed with the rubber. By the
end, it was maybe twenty minutes we were both bathed in sweat. As if surprised
at my strength and dexterity, and the clapping of Emma and Peggy, Sarah said a
quiet “thanks” and joined Peggy. Emma rejoined me and fettered my ankles, replaced
the ballet shoes with my four inch heels and dabbed the sweat from my face as
Peggy announced.

“Well, Maxine has real talent, maybe
we should get you into tutu and tights and you can join us tomorrow!” I had
mixed feelings, I wasn’t crazy about the tutu, although what I was wearing
wasn’t far removed from that anyway, but I wanted to be close to Sarah again,
so I surprised myself and blurted out a quiet “yes”. I looked across at
Sarah and I saw a wide grin and my heart rose. Emma and I left the girls
continuing their exercises and went back out into the sun. After the exertions
of supporting Sarah I was saturated and hot in my rubber costume, Emma dabbed my
face again and touched up my lipstick (I hoped the others didn’t see traces of
it on Sarah’s crotch!). We saw Carol come tottering towards us, her face red
and sweaty, she was still wearing her “arousal suit” complete with front and
back vibrators and prongs caressing her breasts. She was very agitated and took
hold of Emma’s arm.

“Emma, oh God, you have to get me out
of this, please. I must have come twenty times I feel so weak now. Please let me
out now, this is driving me crazy.”

“Don’t be silly Carol, you know the
rules, 12 hours, and that means 10 o clock tonight, about four more hours. Then
we will have you where we want you, just putty in our hands. You won’t be
quite so horny for the other girls after this will you?”

Carol gripped her groin, trying to pull
the vibrator at least part way out, it was no good, the suit was so tight that
all she succeeded in doing was to pull it in and out, exciting herself further.
She tripped away and I saw her lie down on the grass and try to keep calm in the
warm sun. Emma chuckled.

“They all learn in the end.” She
said and took my arm and we sauntered on. In the distance I could see the two
girls who had been placed in the three-legged suit; they were still out of step
and out of sorts with each other. It seemed they were getting fed up with each
other’s intimate company, and they still had 16 hours to go. I heard the sound
of tennis balls being hit and Emma took my arm and said with a twinkle in her
eye.

“Come on, let’s see who is playing,
maybe we can get a game.” The prefects were playing tennis dressed in whites,
latex of course. There was nothing really odd about that but my attention was
caught by the net. It consisted of a long single sheet of rubber, stretched from
one side to the other, but at intervals of about five feet and a few inches
below the top, holes had been cut. Stuffed through these holes, and sticking out
like coconuts at the fair, were the heads of eight of the pupils! Four were
facing one way and four the other, their hands cuffed behind their backs as they
knelt down, dressed only in latex bras and panties, their heads immobile by the
tight net. It was bizarre to say the least, on either side of the net one could
see, alternately, four kneeling headless figures spaced between four heads. They
could not say anything for each was gagged with an identical rubber ball with a
strap pulled behind their heads. I don’t know how long they had been like this
but they didn’t look too comfortable.

The two prefects seemed unperturbed by
this and carried on with their game, going to the net to pick up the balls and
patting a head while there. Seeing Emma and me, they invited us to play doubles
and pointed to the changing rooms where there were tennis shoes and racquets. I
was not keen at all, particularly dressed as I was, but Emma, inevitably,
obliged and took me over there, and removed my ankle cuffs and belt. So we
practiced for a while, me in my silly tart’s dress with the fake boobs and
with the stockings and gloves, I was already sopping wet.

I was trying my best to clear the net
with plenty to spare, not wanting to hit the poor pupils, and Emma saw this and
suggested a proper game, but with a real incentive, the victors to pick the
punishment of the vanquished. It was the wrestling match all over again. What
was interesting was that the prefects didn’t seem to mind handing out
punishment to each other. So we began to play for keeps! And what a sight we
were, me in my black and red tart’s dress and stockings and gloves and Emma in
her high necked leotard and gloves. Of the four of us, I was the best player, I
had played when I was younger and it came back to me quickly, although gripping
the racquet with my rubber gloved hands and running around the court in my gear
and my fake boobs was not easy. But each point was hotly contested and it was
evident that neither team wished to lose. I could no longer cross the net by
three feet and many times the ball hit the net, or occasionally one of the
girls. I hit a couple on the head and also the back and buttocks, accompanied by
muffled squeals from the poor girls.

They would see the ball coming but
simply could do nothing, there would be a muffled scream and a gnashing of teeth
around the red ball gag and a glaring of eyes but that was all. The other three
simply ignored this, although making the odd comment when one got hit in the
backside; they seemed to be having a great time. The most uncomfortable time for
me was when I was at the net, looking down at the defenceless heads and backs
barely two feet away from me, their eyes pleading for me to miss them. Yet I
have to admit as the game wore on, I got faintly aroused by the view. Anyway I
was playing as hard as I could and concentrating on winning the game.

Finally after some close rallies, Emma
and I won 6-4 and therefore we had the choice of punishments. I didn’t want
any part of this, as I knew the prefects had the power to get their revenge on
me later. But Emma was insistent and even more strangely, so were the other two
prefects. It had to be a quick discipline as the prefects were in charge of the
eight girls trapped in the net, so Emma suggested a short, sharp caning.

Without so much as batting an eye the
two prefects smiled and turned around and bent over the net between the girls
already trapped there. Emma smiled and said.

“Hey wait a minute, maybe they should
be gagged first, you should get some practice at gagging someone Maxine,
you’ve been at the receiving end, this is even more fun, you’ll see.” Both
prefects stood up with looks on their faces that said, “well, thanks Emma!”

“Bladder or ball?” Emma said
impishly, and I replied without any hesitation, I don’t know why.

“Bladder.”

“Mmm, you’re developing into a real
pro.” And she handed me a bladder with head harness and inflator bulb.

“Take your pick.” She said pointing
at the two prefects who had little smirks on their faces, as if they were
enjoying this as much as Emma was.

“You.” I said pointing to the
smaller of the two, she had short blonde hair, almost a crew cut and a cute
pixie-type face. She stepped forward, her hands behind her back like an obedient
pupil and opened her mouth; I believe she was actually looking forward to this.
I slipped the bladder in and she closed her mouth around it. I then adjusted all
the straps of the harness, either side of her nose, under her chin and behind
her head until they were snug.

“Okay?” I asked and she nodded. The
straps pressed into her cheeks and chin and she was now breathing slowly through
her nose, almost as if going into a trance. I screwed the inflator into the
front of her bladder, our eyes met and she gave me a cheeky wink. I felt my cock
harden in my tight and now wet rubber pants. This now was the moment of great
power, I was to make dumb, utterly speechless, a mute – and I found that I was
revelling in this power, this strangely sexual power.

Emma was slightly ahead of me and I
watched transfixed as she pumped up the bladder in the mouth of the first
prefect, her left hand gently resting on the girl’s head. Her cheeks started
to billow out but Emma grinned and continued, with three more pumps her cheeks
was now bloated and stretched wide and there was not so much as a squeak from
her. Emma felt the girl’s cheeks and nodded, unscrewing the inflator.

“Your turn now, Maxine.” Imitating
Emma, I placed my rubber gloved hand on the prefect’s head and gently squeezed
the bulb a couple of times, nothing seemed to happen and so I gave it a couple
more and then saw her chin drop slightly and the cheeks expand. The next two
squeezes brought a noticeable bulge and a squeak from her, but now I continued.
My cock wanted to escape its tight sheath as I was becoming highly aroused at
this sight. The other prefects and the girls at the net seemed to notice this
and watched in silence, twisting their heads for a better look. I squeezed again
and the prefect tried to move her head back but I held her fast with my left,
and said.

“Now, scream.” She looked at me
quizzically. “I said scream.” This time taking one of her nipples through
her tennis costume and giving it a pinch. And she tried to, but only the
faintest sound came out. Satisfied, I unscrewed the pump and smiled at my
handiwork. I don’t think she expected me to be quite so thorough and frankly
neither did I, but I got carried away, as I was, in all honesty, really enjoying
it. I just hoped I didn’t step over the line, for I would surely pay for it
later.

Already the girls were dribbling from
their mouths, and we cuffed their hands just to ensure they didn’t try and
cover themselves during the beating, a stupid thing to do anyway – but I liked
to see them cuffed. We turned them round and leaned them over the net. I could
see the other girls stretching for a better view; no doubt they would like to
see a prefect whipped for a change! Emma faced me across the net, the gorgeous
bottoms now up in the air and inviting a good beating. She handed me a cane and
I folded back the short tennis skirt and was rewarded with a pair of tight white
latex panties and two firm buttocks above two nicely tanned thighs. Emma did
likewise and said to me.

“You should be thankful you learned to
play tennis when you were younger, to the victor goes the spoils.”

“Hey, you should be the grateful one.
I carried you during the match and if it wasn’t for me your arse would be the
one in the air!” I realised I may have been pushing it here, but Emma just
laughed and said.

“True.” And then she brought the
cane down on her prefect’s backside with a loud whap! There was no scream, but
a jerk from the girl draped over the net. I looked down at the gorgeous inviting
bottom in its shiny white armour; not very good armour for what was to come, I
thought. And I could resist no longer. I brought the cane down hard right on the
button and watched the girl spasm on the net, but stoically retain her position.

In unison Emma and I applied six of the
best, neither of us holding back, in a nice tight grouping. I felt almost
released as I helped my girl up. There were tears in her eyes and her face was
red, but there was no evidence of any venom there. Oddly Emma and the other
prefect were hugging each other and when Emma released the girl’s gag she
gasped.

“My God, Emma, you get better and
better, I don’t think I’ll be able to sit down for the rest of the day. My
arse is on fire.”

My prefect raised her head and as I
pulled out her gag, wet with her saliva, she was massaging her rear with her
cuffed hands. She took some deep breaths and said to me quietly.

“Jeez, you didn’t hold back did you?
I think I’m going to have to keep an eye on you.” It was as if she was
admiring my handiwork, but somehow I didn’t think it would end there, I felt
she would come looking for some revenge in the future. She was very attractive,
petite and pixie-like with a short muscular body and a faint Scots accent. I
found her intriguing, the way she had taken her punishment so acceptingly, and
she seemed interested in me, whether as a man or a woman I don’t know. We
released their cuffs and Emma said.

“We have to get back, diner is in an
hour and it is evening dress tonight so we’ll need the next hour to look our
best.” She glanced over at me and winked. The three prefects released the
eight girls from the net; they seemed relieved that it was not them that had
received the caning. Then they were led back by the two prefects to their
dormitories, hands still tied behind their backs and mouths gagged. Emma and I
returned too, her arm around my waist. I had noticed that she had not cuffed my
ankles nor replaced the steel belt around my waist and I could see that she knew
I was thinking of this.

“Not thinking of anything silly are
you?” I suppose it did cross my mind but I just shook my head and she nodded
as if she knew I was going nowhere without Sarah.

“I certainly am glad we won that game,
although you know I think Morag took quite a shine to you. You’ll have to
watch her, she’s a little devil.”

We entered the shadows of the old hall
again, Emma without a moment’s hesitation gave poor Felicity a good hard slap
on what appeared to be her backside, there was a yelp from the rubber bag but we
moved on without comment. Once in her room I sat down on “my” bed and took
off my heels and adjusted my stockings. After the ballet and tennis I was really
quite tired.

“Come on, you don’t have a lot of
time to shower and get you dressed.” I helped her peel off her yellow gloves
and then with some difficulty draw her out of her yellow leotard. Her firm body
gleamed with sweat.

“Okay, you next.” So she pulled off
my stockings; once off, my legs looked almost out of shape – without their
firmness and sheen. She unzipped my tarty dress and I too was shining with
sweat. I pulled off my long gloves, careful not to rip them, and somehow missing
their firm grip.

“Now I don’t want you to get too
used to life without a corset, or at least a basque, so another one goes on
after we shower. We’re really going to transform this body of yours; all it
needs is some training.” She unlaced the corset and I could feel the release
on my stomach and hips. I stepped out of the white pants and then, finally the
pussy pants. My cock looked a little forlorn after all the attempts it had made
to go hard and been denied by the pants. We now stood opposite each other, both
naked, I was a man again, yet still strangely emasculated. She took off my one
earring and we went next door to what was a private shower. She quickly wiped
off my entire make up, it was a strange sensation having this done to me by a
naked woman and I felt a quick surge in my groin.

“Mmm, looks like you need a cold
shower down there. Now we want to keep that light beard of yours well under
control so I will top you up with a new coating.” She chuckled, then slid on a
pair of surgical gloves and began to apply a thin coat of depilatory cream just
to my face. This whole act had an obvious sexual connotation but Emma stayed
quite business-like.

“Okay, while that’s working its
wonders, I’ll have a shower first.” And she pulled off her gloves and took
her shower while I stood watching and feeling the cream begin to warm up and
itch. Shortly it was my turn and I washed and shampooed my “new” hair and
then stepped out, clean and not a hair on my body, to brush my teeth. We
returned to her room and she had already prepared my under clothes. She held up
a white heavy rubber boned corset shaped to accentuate the buttocks and boobs.
She held it up.

“Oh yes, this is definitely for
you.” She handed me the pussy pants first and I stepped into them, sliding my
cock into the tight but now slightly familiar sheath. I raised my arms and she
wrapped the corset around my torso and began to lace me up. The cool grip of the
rubber began to really grasp me.

“Oh, this is getting very tight.” I
said, breathing Slower now.

“We have a way to go yet.” She said
and pulled harder, almost knocking me off balance. My waist was visibly
diminishing and at the same time my buttocks seemed to expand and my boobs rise
and get larger. I had to admit it was a very clever design. By the time she
seemed satisfied, I was in a solid vice of rubber. My figure was not (yet) an
hourglass but the transformation was quite alarming, a full rounded pair of
breasts, slim hard waist and ample hips. I couldn’t help but actually admire
myself. I ran my finger down my rubber labia and at the same time felt my rubber
boob, I could actually feel my cock try to harden!

She slapped my hand, almost playfully
and handed me a pair of tiny white panties and I stepped into them, having
difficulty bending due to the corset. She helped me pull them up and over my
fake pussy, although the outline of it was clear under the thin latex. She
returned to the closet and brought out a riveting white full-length evening
dress. I stared at it.

“Yep, all for you.” She giggled. It
was cut to sit just above my corset back and front, exposing my shoulders and a
good portion of “breast”; there were tow spaghetti straps and an almost
invisible back zip. It was ankle length, form fitting from breast down to below
the knees where it flared marginally o the ankles. I wondered how on earth I
would get into it. It was the subtlest form of bondage, as good as having my
ankles fettered; I would be able, at best, to take 12 inch very feminine steps.
No, I would not be running off anywhere.

She opened up the dress and I stepped
in, the latex coolly caressing my bare thighs; it was very tight and she slowly
eased it over my hips as I threaded my arms through the straps. She straightened
the creases at front and sides and drew up the zip. I kept my feet together as
she pulled it up to my shoulder blades. It clung to my body, as if painted on; I
took a couple of steps and found that maybe I could step 10 or 12 inches, that
was all. I could not deny however that I looked stunning, a tall, slim, busty
cool thing in shiny white armour. She brought over a pair of white five inch
heeled pumps and I stepped into them; now I was even more imperious. Wobbling a
little I took a full circle in front of the mirror.

“Okay, okay that’s enough of you,
now me.” She pulled out a long red latex dress identical in style to mine. She
was naked as she stepped into it and I zipped her up the back. She looked
fabulous as she stepped into red heels. We admired ourselves together.

“The terrible twins.” She giggled
and told me to sit down in front of the mirror so she could do my make-up. With
a comb and dryer she perfectly set my hair in place then expertly applied
make-up. While I pulled on a pair of shoulder length white latex gloves she did
her own make-up, allowing her black hair to fall to her shoulders in a styled
“unkempt” look. The final touches were a single gold ear ring to my left ear
and a choker, one inch in depth and made of hundreds of fine gold strands. It
was heavy, expensive beautiful, fir tight round my neck and a subtle reminder of
my subjugation and obeisance.

Yet, more strangely, I did not feel
humbled or humiliated I felt beautiful and attractive, which is what I clearly
was. I could pass off anywhere as a stunning woman! The latex was now warming up
and I started to relish its firm caress. I licked my lips and tasted the
familiar gloss. She expertly pulled on a pair of matching red shoulder-length
gloves and took my arm.

“Well Maxine, shall you accompany me
to dinner?”

“I’d be happy to.” I said, and
meant it. Passing down the stairs I took them very carefully one at a time; the
dress was amazingly tight but there was no sign of my manhood, no panty line and
no sign of the corset that gripped me so irrevocably. My breathing was getting
better as I adjusted to its grasp.

As we walked down the stairs, other
girls were coming down and I could feel their eyes on me, a couple of them
smiled in a friendly way. We want into the common room where all the school was
assembled, sipping sherry or martinis in a very civilised way, all the girls
done up to the nines in fine latex creations and expensive jewellery. I looked
around for Sarah and she finally came in, with her constant shadow, Peggy. I was
stunned to see Sarah was dressed identically to me, in a white sheath and gloves
and with fine gold jewellery. Her fine blonde was pulled back loosely and fell
to her shoulders. I felt a surge in my groin and tried to suppress it, knowing
my cock was going nowhere, trapped in its latex sheath.

She picked up a glass and looked around,
saw me and rather than be repelled gave a small smile and came over. The four of
us made up an odd group, Emma and Peggy closely watching the reactions of
“two” beautiful women dressed identically.

“Hello.” She said tentatively.

“Hi, Sarah….you look…fabulous.”
I said trying to break the ice again. “Better than I think I have ever seen
you.”

“Thanks,” she said sheepishly,
“there’s something about this material, isn’t there? It really can flatter
the figure and it’s so….I don’t know….sensual. It makes me feel so
feminine and…sexy.”

“Yes, I er know what you mean.” She
laughed out loud at my little joke, God, I loved that laugh.

“If I didn’t know that was you, I
wouldn’t believe it. You fill that dress as well as I do, you look incredible.
If I fancy you like that does it make me a lesbian?” She giggled and I felt
her gentle warmness touch me. “And your hair, it’s so cool. Emma does a
wonderful job.”

“Well he helped me a lot.” Emma
interjected.

“Really? Well darling, tell me how you
actually feel.” She placed her hand around my backside and patted me tenderly.
She looked hard into my eyes. I was used to this kind of questioning from her,
she did this when she was genuinely interested in anything.

“Well, how would you think I feel? I
feel quite embarrassed standing here in panties, corset, high heels, gloves and
latex dress, not to mention the hair and make-up. Actually I’m sort of getting
used to it, I know it sounds crazy, but knowing that everybody is watching and I
am unable to do anything, for myself or for you, it’s all very strange.” She
smiled ruefully.

“Yes, it is, I know. We’ve been
through quite a lot in the last 24 hours haven’t we? I can’t believe it has
been only 24 hours, yet it seems like a week. Butt plugs and beatings – I
won’t forget that in a hurry. Nor the ballet, I….really enjoyed that though,
to be carried and assisted by you was wonderfully comforting.”

“Me too, you looked fabulous in that
outfit. If you are exercising tomorrow I would love to come too, if Emma will
let me.” I glanced at her and she smiled.

“Oh, I think that can be arranged.”
She and Peggy seemed to be enjoying this little scene. Sarah continued.

“Your make-up is really good and how
on earth did they get you in that dress, you have quite the bust!”

“Don’t even imagine how I got into
this.” I replied, my hand touching my groin.

“Yes, how did they take care of
your…..tackle, so to speak?” She seemed amazed there was no bulge or mound
there. Emma interrupted.

“Oh, it’s all tucked away safely out
of harms way.”

“Pity.” Said Sarah, with a knowing
smile. My heart rose at this blatant invitation. I passed a hand down my dress.

“You know, despite all this, you know
I still love you more than anything. I see you in that dress now and I just want
to ravish you.” She looked at me for fully ten seconds, as if appraising me
and then said with a smile.

“That was entirely my thoughts as
well.” Then Peggy took her arm and said.

“Okay, enough of this love fest,
let’s mingle.” And they left. Did that mean that she wanted to ravish me in
my dress or plain ravish me? I didn’t know but I was very heartened by our
meeting, all seemed to be well with us, it seemed.

All of us now walked through to the
dining hall, which had been beautifully laid out, even with candlelights. We sat
down at the tables taking the same positions as before. Miss Broad entered, we
stood up and she took her place at the head of my table, resplendent in black
latex evening dress and gloves. She sat and we all followed. The food was
excellent and the meal passed pleasantly enough. The conversation was limited to
school activities and the latest punishments, a few compliments for my dress and
hair and what everybody would be up to the next day. Deep conversation about the
school and why everybody was here, and whether she wanted to get out did not
occur. And this was probably through fear of reprisals of some kind. The meal
ended and Miss Broad stood up.

“Tonight there will be a film in the
main hall, all will attend. It is called “Maitresse” a French film you may
have heard before. I think you will find it educational. Emma, Maxine and Morag,
I would like you to come to my room. Dismiss.” We followed Miss Broad back to
her study, past the hanging rubber bag holding Felicity and the inflated rubber
statue that was Judith, both immobile and silent.

Miss Broad sat down behind her desk and
told us to sit. We were a strange sight, all in evening dress and gloves, Miss
Broad in black, me in white, Emma in red and Morag, the tough, pretty Scottish
girl in yellow.

“Well Maxine, have you enjoyed your
day?” I thought hard at this question.

“Well, um, I can’t say I have
enjoyed all of it, but I have to admit that certain elements were,
well….interesting. I have never had a stranger day, that’s for sure.” They
all smiled.

“Yes, I can imagine that. But you
really are a big success, a natural for this. I would have never believed the
transformation so fast either, nor Sarah I think. Although she finds you a
little bit more intriguing now, perhaps a new facet of your personality that
she, or you for that matter, was not aware of before. Anyway you have progressed
beyond our anticipation and we are very pleased with you, and Sarah too,
although I do admire that spunky streak in her. But I have not asked you here
for that. Amanda, who I think you met in the wrestling practice this afternoon,
our stunning model, is due to go home this evening. Two months ago she was
brought here on the instructions of her lover, Peter, a rather nasty fashion
photographer with lots of money. He felt she was not submissive enough and he
wanted some of her assertive instincts controlled. Peter paid extremely well and
we took her on. She has been a model pupil, excuse the pun, she loves bondage,
rubber and the masochism. She also has a dominant streak, she’s a natural,
just like you, Maxine.” She gave me a sly smile.

“So she wants to stay on as a prefect,
and still do some modelling assignments when the urge takes her. We are happy
for her to do this; she’ll be excellent at this. Peter is the problem; he will
come here very soon, expecting a compliant docile submissive Amanda. I, with
your help, will persuade him she wishes to stay. If he says okay and is on his
way, fine, but I have a feeling it will not be so easy as that. So we will have
to…persuade him of his errors of judgment.”

“We do not want him going away and
seeking some revenge on us, that could be embarrassing for us, so we may have to
invite him to stay and Amanda has volunteered to educate him while he is here,
for what will be a short duration, we hope. If he makes a scene and needs to be
brought under control, that is why you are here. Maxine, how do you feel about
that?”

I didn’t know what to say, but had to
admit it sounded quite intriguing.

“Well, I don’t know what exactly I
could do to help, I’m not going to stand in your way though.”

“I admire your honesty. It is all
happening a bit too fast for you, no doubt, so I won’t press right now. You
may however watch the proceedings; I think they will be interesting for you.
Meanwhile Emma and Morag can change here now, if he should put up a struggle
then evening dresses are not the mode of apparel.”

I watched as Emma and Morag helped each
other strip down and select their clothes, brought down to her office earlier.
They were both in black; long sleeved dresses nipped at the waist and wrist.
They helped each other into a pair of grey tights and low-heeled shoes, and then
stepped into the dresses. They looked fit, sexy and ready for anything.

There was a knock on the door and Amanda
came in, looking stunning. Like all models she was very tall and slim with long
brown air and the face of a 16 year old. She was dressed in a full-length bright
orange evening dress, low cut with long sleeves.

“Well Amanda my dear, are you sure you
have made the right decision? You can go with Peter if you wish.”

“No Miss Broad, I want to stay. You
have said I can leave when I want to do assignments, and I love it here. If
Peter makes a scene then we will have to educate him here, I think, don’t you?
Frankly I’m rather hoping he will.”

“Good, everyone knows the drill, so we
only have to wait for Peter.”

Amanda sat beside me and spoke quietly.

“I love your hair, you know you
shouldn’t be embarrassed or shy, you look great. God, I could get you
assignments as a model, you have great skin and with a bit of dieting and more
corsetry, you could pass off anywhere in the fashion world.”

At first I didn’t know whether to be
flattered or offended, but my inner self took it as flattery. Coming from a
looker like Amanda it was a real compliment. The phone rang and Miss Broad
answered it.

“You can come in Peter, I’ll open
the gate.” She pressed a knob under her desk and smiled.

“He’ll be here in a couple of
minutes.” Amanda looked a little nervous while Emma and Morag conferred
quietly amongst themselves.

There was a knock and a prefect led in
Peter. I was surprised at what he looked like, quite non descript, about 5 feet
9 inches (much shorter than Amanda) slim with long blonde hair, and dressed in
sneakers, jeans a T shirt and red sports jacket.

He was full of confidence, with a real
cocky streak, almost a swagger. I took an instant dislike to him, as he leered
at all of us. He looked at me for a full five seconds; I wondered if he could
tell I was a man under all the rubber and make-up.

“Miss Broad, good to see you again.”
He sat down in the chair opposite her, and next to me.

“Well, this is quite the welcome
committee. Aren’t you going to introduce me?” Miss Broad took it all in her
stride.

“Of course, forgive me. This is Emma
and Morag, my trusted assistants.” he nodded at them with a confident smile.

“Great outfits, you know we’re even
getting into rubber in the fashion business, for our more edgier clients, I love
the stuff, the models look great in it.”

“And this is Maxine, who has only
recently joined us and, well, is making great strides.” My heart was beating
like a drum as our eyes met and he gave me quite the examination.

“Hello indeed. What a dress and I love
your hair, you know I could get you some modelling work when you get out of
here. You’ve got a fuller figure, nice complexion, good bum and boobs;
there’s plenty of work out there for a girl like you.” All four women
beamed, enjoying their little secret.

“Well thank you, I’ll give it some
thought.” Then he looked up at Amanda.

“And there’s my baby, hi doll.”
Amanda smiled and replied.

“Hello Peter, how are you? Been
worrying about me while I was here?”

“No love, knew you were in good
hands,” he giggled and looked at Miss Broad, “look, sorry about all this
kidnapping and training and all, but you’ll see it will work out in the end.
Come here my beauty, you look great.” She moved towards him and he stood to
admire her, grabbed her round her pink rubber encased buttocks.

“God, this rubber dress does wonders
for the figure, eh? Well, look we must be going, Miss Broad, thanks for all the
help, although I have to say you charge a pretty penny, but then we are dealing
with expensive goods, eh?” Again he gave a silly giggle and slapped Amanda on
her behind and I saw her wince.

“Just before you go Peter, I think
Amanda has something to say.”

“Thank you Miss Broad,” Amanda said
and looked coldly at Peter, “firstly I don’t regret you sending me here. In
fact I want you to know how grateful I am. You see, I’ve grown to enjoy it
here, to love it. The clothes, the discipline, the bondage, the role playing, I
enjoy it all. So much so that….I have decided to stay here.”

“Eh? You’ve what? Hey snap out of
it, kiddo. You’re coming with me, now!”

“No Peter, I’ve decided, I’m
staying here. Now you can go now, but on your own.

“Like hell I am, you’re coming
now.” And he then slapped her, hard, across her face, there was silence for a
second, but no one moved. “Miss Broad, I thought you took out some of her
spunk?”

“Oh, I did Peter, but she doesn’t
want to be with you. That’s all.” Now she leaned forward coolly from behind
her desk. “Now we would like you to leave, on your own!”

“Don’t be crazy, what, you’re
going to stop me taking her back.” By now Emma and Morag had moved closer and
the tension in the room was palpable. I stood up and went to the side of the
desk; this was going to get very interesting. Amanda, her cheek now a bright
red, calmly said.

“Please leave Peter.”

“You silly cow.” He replied and hit
her again, and she fell back into the chair. Morag moved in. He saw her coming
and, with a punch in a million, hit her sharply on the side of the jaw. She went
down as if shot, out cold. Emma grabbed him from behind, but he simply elbowed
her in the stomach, thumped her behind the ear and then pushed her onto the
floor where she lay gasping for breath.

This had barely taken five seconds and
now Miss Broad and I looked at each other. He had managed to neutralise the
welcoming committee in five seconds, Emma and Morag in particular were out of it
and Miss Broad would be no match for him, tough cookie though she was.

“Come on babe.” He said and grabbed
for Amanda, suddenly for no conscious reason I moved to him. He looked at me as
if ready to punch me out too.

“What about me?” I said. Miss Broad
looked aghast.

“You’re a cute one you can come
along too, be an interesting threesome.” He laughed and moved close to me. I
felt his lips graze mine as he squeezed my buttocks. I opened my mouth and felt
his lips press and his tongue start to flicker….then I brought my knee up hard
into his groin! He bent over with a gasp and I punched him hard behind his ear.
He went down with a thump and we all looked at each other in silence. Miss Broad
moved first, she pulled open a drawer and shouting my name “Maxine” tossed
the collar and cuffs that had so efficiently subdued me earlier.

I caught them and knelt by Peter who was
bleary eyed and gasping. I couldn’t straddle him as my white rubber dress was
so tight. With Amanda’s help I pulled the mask over his head and then wrapped
the collar round his neck, pulled his arms behind his back and cuffed his wrists
up by his shoulder blades. Then we both stood and took stock. Morag was coming
to, and I helped her into a vacant chair. Emma was now on her feet, holding the
back of her neck. Miss Broad came round and approached me.

“Maxine, my goodness, you are full of
surprises.” She placed her gloved hand on my cheek. “We most definitely owe
you one; we got in a real mess there for a minute and you saved the day. Don’t
think, please, that this changes your position here, however I am….we are,
very grateful to you, and I assure you we will not forget this. What made you do
that?” She looked at me closely, clearly surprised at my actions. I didn’t
know what to say really. Impulse, or seeing women being beaten by a man? I tried
not to make a big deal of it.

“Well, when he started to kiss and
feel me up, I realised he wasn’t my type and I had to teach him a lesson.”
The others laughed and Amanda came close to me, her cheek now losing some of its
redness.

“I won’t forget, that’s for sure;
that’s was getting nasty there. Thanks.” She pecked me on my cheek. It was
strange feeling, her pink rubber dress rubbing my white on. “But maybe we
could have that wrestle, that would be fun, I think.” She replied with a
twinkle in her eye. Now it was Morag’s turn; she seemed fine after her few
seconds of having her bell rung.

“I guess we are even now, after the
beating on the tennis court. I was rather hoping to wreak some revenge but
you’ve evened the score all right.” She went on tiptoe and pecked me on the
cheek too. I was beginning to like all this attention. Emma too was recovering.

“I’m getting very proud of you
Maxine, you’re going to make it difficult for me when I will have to punish
you! I’ll have to watch for that right hook of yours.” She put her arms
around me, her flat groin against my flat groin and her hands on my backside,
her bust against mine. She kissed me gingerly on the forehead, and then after a
moment’s thought, on the lips, hard.

“Thanks.”

“I don’t know why I did it, really.
But I couldn’t just stand there and watch him eat you all up, he was too tough
for you and had that element of surprise, plus….he was fighting dirty. If he
had walked out I wouldn’t have stopped him, but you just don’t take a swing
at….a lady.”

“Gee, I’m a lady, thanks Maxine.”
Emma giggled.

“Well, that’s the way I see it, but
even if you were beating up on me, and you haven’t really physically yet,
except for the paddling, I wouldn’t punch you out or kick you, I just
wouldn’t do it.”

“Maybe you shouldn’t be telling us
this.” Emma chuckled and I smiled too.

“Look, you know well enough that I am
pretty well powerless here most of the time; you are very well organised and if
I wanted to escape it would have to be carefully planned. And it would include
Sarah, I won’t leave her here and you know this.” I stared at them. “It
can’t be done physically, I’m not going to club you over your heads and run,
I won’t harm you. You can do what you damn well like to me, and I know you
will but I wouldn’t resort to that. That’s just my code of conduct, or
whatever.”

There was silence for fully ten seconds.
I don’t know if they had gained their respect or they thought me weak, or a
fool. It didn’t really care. Then I broke the spell.

“Well, what do we do with him?”

“He’ll have to stay here for some
training, then we’ll break him down into the puppy we want and then send him
out.” Emma said.

“Wait a minute, send him back to what?
His ex-girlfriend will be staying here and he will be out there. She will not be
able to exert any power over him from here. He could be trouble and may come
back looking for her, even with some friends or the police. We have to have
something on him to keep him quiet so he doesn’t come back. I have an idea,
how about we take some photos or a video of him in some compromising positions,
so we can blackmail him by keeping them over his head.”

I don’t know how I had come up with
all this, but the girls and Miss Broad seemed suitably impressed.

“Maxine, you are amazing, one surprise
after another. It’s a brilliant idea and we will start tomorrow – or tonight
if you want. I’m sure we can find some volunteers to act out some roles.
Maxine, this is your idea, maybe you would like to direct it.”

Well, this was a turn up! I have to
admit that this rather intrigued me and so I nodded and the other three girls
smiled. There was a groan from the floor; Peter was starting to recover. Miss
Broad leant over and patted him on his rubber-covered head.

“You’re in for some very serious
punishment Peter. I am going to encourage the girls to think up something
suitably incriminating and nasty. You really shouldn’t have hit Amanda and the
others; you will surely pay for it. Do as you will, girls. We will meet at
10pm
in the hall after the film. We must release Judith; I think
she was only meant to be in her inflatable bag for 12 hours. Felicity can wait
until tomorrow.” She put her hand on my shoulder, smiled and walked out,
leaving us with Peter. Amanda said, looking down at the wriggling figure.

“I can’t believe I could fall for a
jerk like that. The way he punched you two was unbelievable; he’s going to pay
for that. We’ll take the fight out of him all right. Any ideas before we put
him to bed for the night and think up something nasty for tomorrow?”

It was Morag that spoke.

“Well, there’s nothing wrong with a
good caning…is there Maxine? You’re pretty good, I can tell you! Let’s
start with that and then a high colonic before bed.”

“Sounds good to me.” Emma said, and
I just nodded, I wasn’t sure of my role here; all of a sudden I was a prefect!
Emma could sense this.

“Maxine, we’re very grateful to you,
you saved our bacon there. You may not want to get involved but once you see us
getting going then I think you may want to….contribute. In the meantime you
can handle the cameras, Mr. Director.” She laughed and I rather liked that
idea.

They began to take off Peter’s
clothes; he was wriggling but not too violently, instead concentrating on
breathing evenly and they were able to do it with relative ease, releasing him
and then cuffing him again. Soon he was naked, save for his suffocation mask,
the collar and cuffs. Expertly they leant him over a chair, his bare backside up
in the air, an inviting target. As Amanda held him down with her hand on his
back, the other girls armed themselves with canes. Morag handed me the video
camera and briefly showed me how to use it. Emma handed Amanda a cane, saying.

“I think this is your honour, you
first.” Amanda, in her pink evening dress and gloves, needed no encouragement,
saying to the black helmeted figure.

“Peter, you will never touch me again,
ever. This will be a reminder what will happen to you if you do.” She gave him
six well-practiced swings, accompanied by flinching from Peter and muffled
screams from the mask. He tried to wriggle and stand but the other two held him
firm. Emma followed and then Morag; all were very proficient, and Peter’s arse
was now striped bright red. Morag came to me and said quietly.

“Don’t tell me you didn’t like
pumping that gag up in my mouth this afternoon, and giving me a good caning. So
what about it now? You probably think it is evil, or perverted or decadent, but
really when you get down to it, you want to do it, right?”

I
looked at her and then at the other girls. They knew human nature and they knew
me.

“Give me the cane.” I said
to Amanda and she handed it to me cheerily, patted me affectionately on my
backside and took the camera from me. I lined myself up with the red/blue
backside and swung, slowly, deliberately six times.

“Sometimes,
I don’t know what the hell I am doing.” I handed the cane to Morag who gave
me a knowing smile. Emma came close to me and laid a hand on my shoulder.

“Sure
you do. Smarten up Maxine, you are enjoying this. If you weren’t then you
would have gone to the movie by now. You’re drawn to this and you can’t do
anything to stop it. Now you will help us to give this prick here a high
colonic, and you will continue to film it so that Peter here will not make our
lives difficult in the future.” She was right of course; I wanted to be part
of this.

We
took Peter from Miss Broad’s study straight to her bathroom; the bedroom
adjacent was locked.

“We’ll
do it here in Miss Broad’s bathroom, it’ll take too long to get him to the
showers and this is perfect.” Morag pointed to the ceiling and I could see
several hooks.

“Miss
Broad administers herself an enema now and again and of course she has some fun
with “Pet” in here.”

“Pet?”

“Oh,
right, you haven’t met Pet yet, well that will be a treat.” Emma took my arm
and spoke quietly.

“I’ll
tell you later.” Amanda brought in several chains and padded cuffs.

“This
is going to be perfect for the idea I have; we cuff his feet and hands and
suspend him above this big bath, arse towards the shower head so that when he
evacuates we can shower him off at the same time.

Amanda
nodded and laughed.

“I’m all for it.” I stood back
with camera in hand as they cuffed the unresisting and groggy Peter. They
attached the chains to the ceiling hooks. Then they manoeuvred him into the bath
and raised him between the three of them attaching wrists and ankles to the
hanging chains, then adjusted the length of the chains until satisfied. His head
was about 4 feet off the ground and his feet about so he was suspended at an
angle of about 30 degrees with his feet about 4 feet apart, his cock and balls
very vulnerable and about two feet from the showerhead. His head had fallen back
and Amanda (how thoughtful of her) had laced a thick posture collar round his
neck and attached it to a further chain from the ceiling. Morag seemed in her
element.

“We’ll
give him a good high colonic, let the gravity do the work and give him a second
one just for fun; after he evacuates, he should then be clean as a whistle.” I
leant against the washbasin, in my white rubber dress and gloves, not really
relishing this but fascinated by the efficiency of these girls, not women to
mess with! While I looked as if I was ready for some social function, albeit in
rubber, Peter was being humbled, humiliated and shamed; dominated and subjugated
by three strong, cruel and beautiful women.

“And
now ladies and gentlemen,” laughed Morag, “the apparatus, comprising a wide
rubber nozzle, long rubber pump, tube and container, which takes about two
pints. So while I fill it up you girls can decide who gets to lube the
patient!”

Emma
and Amanda looked at each other and smirked. Amanda said.

“I
think I would like to.” And took the rubber glove that Morag had provided, and
then scooped a dollop of lube from a pot Emma held. She stepped into the bath
between Peter’s outstretched legs, and then spoke loudly.

“Peter,
I hope you can hear me, what you are about to feel just about sums up how I feel
about you right now. This is all it has come down to Peter; I want you to
remember me for this.” With her left hand she squeezed his cheeks apart and
poked her rubber-covered fingers into his rear and probed his anal passage. He
wriggled and screamed into his suffocation helmet but could do nothing as his
feet were so spread apart.

She
seemed to take great pleasure in this. She thrust in and out, and then round his
loosening ring, finally withdrawing with a slap on his exposed buttocks. She
seemed very pleased with herself. He groaned inside his mask, he must have been
very how in there. Morag now took her place at his backside and it was then that
I spoke.

“Don’t
you think his face should be exposed? I mean he could be anyone with the mask on
right now. If we are going to film him now we have to get a good look at his
face.” They stopped and looked at me, with a definitely renewed respect.
Amanda spoke.

“Of
course Maxine, silly of us, we’ll take the mask off and gag him really well.
Thanks Maxine.” As Emma got an inflatable gag from the closet in the bathroom
(all the rooms seemed to contain closets and all contained rubber clothes or
discipline equipment!) Amanda released the posture collar around his neck and
then began to pull off his suffocation mask.

“For
Christ’s sake Amanda, let me go will you, what the hell are you doing here?”
He pleaded; his face red with sweat and effort. She smiled down at him,
resplendent in her pink rubber evening dress and gloves.

“I’ve
come to my senses Peter and the fun is only just beginning, for me that is. Open
wide now, in we go.” She grinned cruelly as she crammed the flaccid gag into
his protesting mouth.

“For
crying out loud…arrgghh…ggghhh….mmmfff.” And then there was just a faint
moan as she continued to briskly pump up the bladder in his mouth. His eyes were
almost popping out of his head but she showed no pity. I continued to film, and
also for a strange reason found it quite exciting, and I was aware that Emma and
Morag were looking at me, reading my reactions. The gag needed no strap as it
was inflated so highly it would now have to be deflated to remove it; his cheeks
were puffed out like a squirrel with too many peanuts! Amanda leaned over to
Peter, her face inches from his.

“You
can’t imagine how much I loved that.” He moaned faintly but she ignored him
as she replaced the posture collar and attached it to the hanging chain. Morag
had remained at his backside, hooking the hot water bottle above him and then
she slowly pushing the tube up his rear. He tried to clench his muscle and she
smiled at this small effort of resistance but Amanda’s reaming of him earlier
had relaxed the sphincter perfectly. So she pressed on until the full four
inches were embedded in him. They all got out of the bath and admired their
work; I continued to film poor Peter’s demise. Emma turned to Amanda.

“Well,
your honour Amanda.” So Amanda leant over and released the clip on the tube
and took the pump in her hand. She smiled down at Peter who stared up at her,
mute and powerless and looking very worried.

“You’re
not going to like this Peter, but I am.” She squeezed the bulb violently three
times and Peter jerked as the hot water gushed into him. The tall elegant
fashion model gave a yelp of delight and squeezed three more times as Peter, red
in the face and groaning, wriggled in his bonds.

“Here,
I can’t have all the fun.” Amanda said and Emma took over at the bulb,
Amanda moving down to Peter’s head where she placed a finger on his bulbous
gag.

“Oh
you really don’t like it at all, do you? And again, Emma. How does it feel,
Peter? To be at the mercy of four real bitches like us. Tonight and tomorrow
we’ll come up with some more delectable tortures for you. You’re going to
wish you never came here, and we’ll make sure you’ll never return.”

Emma
handed over to Morag who carried out a methodical administering. Peter was no
longer wriggling, just moaning quietly. His stomach was already distended and he
must have been very uncomfortable. Amanda seemed totally unconcerned as she
watched his face closely. Morag had now finished and looked at me, her eyebrows
raised.

“I
don’t think I could, I’ll just keep on filming.” I hesitated and Emma
laughed.

“Oh,
you mean you can knee him in the balls and knock him out, to save our bacon I
may add, but you can’t clean him out. Sounds like double standards to me.”
She joked.

All
right, dammit, let me in, you can carry on filming.” I took the pump in my
latex gloved hand and looked down on Peter, now gurgling through his gag and
with sweat glistening on his face. I squeezed hard a couple of times and watched
as he jerked in his chains, saliva dripping from his mouth. I squeezed again and
again.

“Amanda,
I see Maxine is getting into the spirit of it.” Emma said approvingly, I
squeezed twice more until the pump inflated no more; we were out of water. The
two pints formerly in the hot water bottle had been viciously transferred into
the stomach and lower intestines of Peter.

“Let’s
leave him for a few minutes and the water can do its work…and then we can
repeat it.” Amanda said cheerily and we returned to Miss Broad’s study, all
rather quiet but enjoying the power we had just exerted over Peter. Emma
approached me and in a sisterly fashion dabbed at my make-up.

“It’s
about 24 hours since you arrived here, Maxine, quite the day for you eh? Do you
really hate it, I can’t believe you do, in fact I’d go so far as to say you
are getting hooked on this place, just like the rest of us here.”

“I
don’ know, it’s hard to keep your senses intact when things are happening so
fast. Some of today’s activities have been fun though; I’m almost ashamed to
admit.”

“When
you are having fun shame isn’t a word we use here. You do what you want and
feel what you feel; the pious, sanctimonious uttering of a hypocritical society
don’t mean anything here. We have our own standards and rules, maybe strange
sexual ones but in whose eyes? We are adults and we live by our own code and we
don’t mess with other others.” Emma sat silent for a few seconds, as if a
load had been taken off her and the others nodded quietly in assent.

“Come
on, let’s clean out Peter and give him a second helping.” When we entered
Peter roused himself, turning to Amanda and groaning.

“Not
yet Peter, we need to be protected first.” Morag handed the three of us gas
masks with real metal filters. I pulled mine over my head, adjusting the straps
tightly. I breathed in and smelt cool faintly rubber-scented air and watched
through the large single lens the other girls do the same. We must have been a
strange sight, evening dresses (Emma and Morag in short dresses and tights) and
gloves and then the gas masks. Amanda aimed the nozzle of the showerhead at
Peter’s rear and turned it on while Emma pulled out the tube and Peter
relieved himself. For fully five minutes he emptied himself, groaning; then
Morag dried him off and Emma filled the bag again!

There
was little fight in him this time as Amanda pushed the tube up his rear and the
four of us took turns to squeeze the water into him. When finished we returned
again to Miss Broad’s study, took of our gas masks and adjusted our hair.
Morag opened a bottle of wine from a cabinet and said.

“So
we are taking in fluids and Peter is too! Although I think I prefer our method,
cheers!” We clinked our glasses and relaxed, seemingly unconcerned of
Peter’s torture next door. Then I said.

“You
mentioned someone called Pet, what is the story there?” the others looked at
each other, as if giving away some sort of secret. Then Emma spoke.

“Well,
she’s going to get the story in dribs and drabs over the next week, so she
might as well know now, so shall I tell it?” The others grinned and nodded.

“It’s
quite a story patched together from what we all know, so….Peter will have to
wait!” She refilled her glass and began.

“Miss
Broad set up this school about five years ago and I think it was in part a
reaction to her relationship with Pet. About six years ago she had this affair
with Pet; we have to keep calling her that because we don’t know her real
name, nor much about her. Anyway it was a very passionate affair, with Miss
Broad being her elder by about ten years, around this time Pet must have been
nineteen or twenty. It was a very torrid sub/dom affair with, I think, Miss
Broad the dom most of the time but maybe not all. We don’t know the reason why
but one evening they had a blazing row, a really violent one and in the fracas
that followed Miss Broad was stabbed. No one really knows the details, but she
made it to hospital, never pressed charges and Pet just disappeared.” Emma
took a sip of wine.

“So
Miss Broad set up this place, she has some private money and is now doing very
well indeed. But she couldn’t get Pet out of her mind, because you see, she
never really stopped loving her and in a way she forgave her for the fight and
her flight. So, she set a company of investigators to find her, it took a long
time, a couple of years I think. Anyway the upshot was she found her and about
eighteen months ago she engineered her kidnap and she was brought here. Now the
difference here is that she is not part of the school but is kept in Miss
Broad’s quarters here as her, well…...private pet. None of us have ever seen
Pet’s face, she is kept here and when she comes out into the school, well you
won’t believe what you see. Miss Broad has had designed a number of similar
doggy suits of rubber that she puts Pet into and then takes her out into the
grounds for exercise.” Here Amanda chuckled.

“Yes,
they’re really ingenious; they are all the same just different colours. She
doubles her legs back to her buttocks, and stuffs her into this short legged
doggy suit, the sleeves for her legs have pouches so you can’t even detect her
feet folded back to her buttocks. Her knees are well padded and have a kind of
paw-look about them and so do her hands, which she stuffs into tight sleeves
with reinforcements at the elbows, so she can’t bend them. Then there’s the
tail which is basically a big butt plug with a rubber poodle tail sticking out;
you have to admit it looks funny when it wobbles as she walks around but you
also have to feel sorry for poor Pet. There’s a fake rubber pussy adjacent to
her own pussy so she can pee and it allows access for Miss Broad when she wants
to play with her.” Now it was Morag’s turn.

“And
the mask is something else. It’s very tight latex with small floppy dog’s
ears, which Miss Broad likes to scratch. The eyes have lenses so we have a
feeling that they limit her vision somehow. She has a short snouty-type nose and
that forces her to breathe in a forced manner and she probably gets a good dose
of rubber. Her mouth is open but we’ve never heard her speak; we think she can
but we heard in the past that whenever she spoke – anything at all, even a
“please” Miss Broad would viciously gag her and give her a real beating
around her backside. When they are out for a walk together she still keeps an
inflatable gag on her belt, but she hasn’t had to use it to my knowledge for
months.” Now Emma continued.

“She’s
pretty good on all fours, gets around at a good clip, Miss Broad lets her off
the leash and she wanders off for a pee or whatever. None of us speak to her, if
we do we’re toast, but we can pet her if we want. Miss Broad pierced her
nipples and they poke through two small holes in her rubber boobs. Sometimes she
clips bells onto them and you can hear Pet coming before you see her. So,
that’s been her life for the last eighteen months. When she’s in Miss
Broad’s quarters, well we really don’t know what happens, no one ever goes
in there. There’s rumoured to be a large rubber floored kennel by her bed and
the other rumours are that she occasionally takes her to bed with her. She’s
not in the suit all the time, I’m sure, her legs wouldn’t take it, Miss
Broad has various exercise machines in her rooms and I’m pretty sure she
straps Pet into them to keep her fit.” Amanda took over again.

“But
you know the odd thing, the really odd thing is that Miss Broad clearly loves
this girl, yes she does. She dotes on her, she offers her little treats out of
her gloved hands and she pats and talks to her all the time. But she can’t get
to forgive her for everything, not really the stabbing but the fact that she
left her, bleeding. She does love her, but she can’t trust herself to release
her. I think she is frightened that Pet will somehow run away, and you know the
other really strange thing, I don’t think she would run away!” The others
nodded and Morag said.

“I
agree, I think now that Pet is older and more mature, she’s probably in her
mid 20’s now, I think she truly loves Miss Broad but can never get the
opportunity to tell her, or is frightened by being rejected. Oh, it’s a
strange relationship all right, really weird, you want to tell both of them to
shake hands and forgive but one of them has to take the initiative and both of
them seemed trapped by their roles. So there you have it.”

There
was silence for a few seconds as they looked at me digesting this bizarre tale.

“I
don’t get it, why doesn’t Pet blurt it out that she loves her? Surely Miss
Broad will soften.”

“We
haven’t heard a peep from her for months, they both seem almost afraid to bury
the hatchet, we could scream sometimes, as they would be, or at least the rumour
is, perfect for each other, they just need a prod. And in the meantime Pet
waddles around the school in silence with the tail wagging and a big posture
collar around her neck with “Pet” in big white letters. She tries to
communicate through body movements, she puts her head on Miss Broad’s thigh
and she gets her ears rubbed. She rubs up against her leg and then Miss Broad
keeps giving her treats, but they won’t go the final step. Anyway Peter is
waiting, in agony no doubt so we should go and rescue him.” She chuckled. I
got up too and asked nervously what was on the cards for tomorrow; I wanted to
clear the image of poor Pet from my mind. Emma took me by the arm.

“Well,
first you’re going to direct and film a session with peter and we may get you
to join in, and then maybe a little ballet and Miss Broad did mention something
about chariot races!” I could imagine what she had in mind so I did not press
the point.

“Don’t
pout Maxine, you’ve been the star today and I’m sure you’ll pass your
tests with flying colours. You’ll even like it, I guarantee it. If only you
would admit to yourself that this has been the most amazing day of your life;
the clothes, the dressing up doesn’t mean you’re a transvestite just that
well, let’s say you have a heightened sense of the….diverse, the bizarre and
the erotic. Life isn’t dull here.”

“I’ll
second that.” Morag said with a chuckle and an impish grin.

“Me
too, you saved our bacon earlier Maxine and after what you have been through
today no one would have been surprised if your loyalties lay elsewhere, but you
pulled through for us and we won’t forget that.”

We
donned our gasmasks and moved to the bathroom, where Peter hung, groaning
quietly. Emma removed the nozzle and the shower was aimed at him as he
evacuated. When he was finished Morag dried him. Emma glanced at the clock on
the wall as we removed our gas masks.

“It’s
10 o clock, which means we’ll leave him here while we attend in the hall as
Judith is removed from her inflatable body bag. Carol has to come out of her
arousal suit too; she’ll be a bag of jelly by now.”

We
left Peter hanging over the bath and went to the hall where the whole school had
remained after the movie, still dressed in their rubber finery and jewellery.
Miss Broad entered; I was hoping to see Pet but still she was alone.

“Well
girls, I hope you had a good day and learned much. I know Maxine did and I
can’t tell you how much we are all impressed with her, she’s a model pupil
and a pleasure to have here.” I glanced across the room and saw Sarah. She
probably didn’t know what went on earlier but there was the jungle telegraph
so she may have had an idea. In any event she gave me a warm smile and I felt
better immediately.

“Carol,
12 hours ago you were happy to try on our little suit here, I wonder if you are
as happy now?”

Carol
was bent over slightly, face in a grimace, her hands at her groin. All day the
plugs had been whirling inside her and the little rubber needles had excited her
breasts.

“Oh
no Miss Broad, I was stupid to challenge you. I know better now, please release
me from this.”

“Twelve
hours it is, Carol, come here.” She unlocked the padlock at her neck and Carol
almost ripped off the suit, not caring about her nakedness in front of the whole
school. The inside of the suit was soaked with her sweat and there was the
unmistakable smell of her juices as she stepped out of it, gently easing the
vibrators out of her orifices. She took a rubber dressing gown from a prefect.

“I
think Carol has learned her lesson, now we will see if Judith has done
likewise.” Miss Broad moved to the shiny black mummy held erect under the
balcony, saliva still dripping out of the mouthpiece and settling in a pool on
the floor. Morag released the chain and Miss Broad opened the inflation valve
and air rushed out. As it began to slowly deflate the body inside, before barely
noticeable, now began to move as if waking from sleep. Miss broad unzipped the
chest zipper and called to Judith.

“You
can come out of your womb now Judith, it is time to be born again, so to
speak.” Judith lifted the upper half and poked her head through, then her
shoulders and arms. The suit was lowered and she stepped out, groggy and
supported by Morag. There was no real expression at all on her face, she seemed
stunned, exhausted. Sweat poured from her body and I saw fully a pint in the
bottom of the bag. Morag handed her a towel as Miss Broad enquired.

“Have
you learned the error of your ways, Judith?” Judith looked at her as if not
understanding the question at first.

“Oh
yes, yes, just don’t put me back in that bag please, please.”

“You
go off to bed Judith, there’s a good girl.” And Judith wandered off, as if
in a daze. I hoped she would be a bit livelier in the morning. Miss Broad
continued.

“It
has been a good day, I think. Both Sarah and Maxine have performed very well
indeed, Maxine way beyond our expectations. Tomorrow we have more challenges for
them both, and for all of you, which I am sure you will accept with fortitude.
From tomorrow I am delighted to say Amanda has joined our merry band of
prefects. Her first charge, somewhat unexpectedly, for him at least, is her
former boyfriend, who will be starring in a video epic directed by Maxine. Once
we have some good footage and I understand we already have, of a particularly
nasty caning and a prolonged enema then we will send him on his way, never I’m
sure to trouble us again. We thank him however for bringing us Amanda. She will
have much fun with him tomorrow. Now girls, off to your beds. Amanda, Morag,
Maxine and Emma, please join me in my study.”

The
girls dispersed, herded away by the other prefects. What a fine sight they were
in their rubber gowns and jewellery. Sarah was taken away by Peggy again, her
ever present shadow. I waved and she caught my eye and blew me a kiss as she
disappeared upstairs. The four of us returned to Miss Broad’s study and then
her bathroom. She watched him swing over the bath.

“Now
what do you propose to do with him tonight?” I opened the discussion, perhaps
foolhardily.

“Well
I’m sure Sarah can vouch for the efficiency of the rubber over sheet that you
put her in last night.”

“Yes
Maxine, I like that idea.” She looked at me approvingly.

“I
know it is not a good idea being gagged at night, but what about a full head
mask just leaving the mouth open. Perhaps if we plug his ears as well then that
will increase his sense of vulnerability.”

“I
can hardly believe my ears, Maxine you amaze me.” I thought about this for a
second.

“Look,
I realise it is pointless fighting you all Miss Broad; basically I’m here for
as long as you choose, unless you make a very big mistake with me and Sarah at
the same time, and I don’t see that happening. So I see no harm
in…..contributing, if it makes my life here a bit easier.” She nodded at
this.

“Well
said Maxine, honest and to the point; very well I’ll leave Peter in your
capable hands and see you tomorrow.” She winked at Emma as she left for her
locked bedroom, no doubt containing Pet. I had a feeling that Emma and Morag had
a plan of their own, and somehow it involved me! Amanda said.

“I
would like to be near him tonight, perhaps with Peggy in her room with the three
beds?”

“Sounds
like a good idea,” said Morag, “I’ll go and tell Peggy to prepare your two
beds. We’ll find somewhere else for Sarah tonight. Maxine will sleep in
Emma’s room.” She left and Amanda went over to Peter, still gagged and
hanging form the ceiling. She leant close to him and I took up the camera again.

“I’m
going to release your chains now Peter; there is no hope for escape so don’t
do anything silly.” Peter did not wriggle and showed little emotion, I think
he was so exhausted. Emma said.

“How
about a nice butt plug to widen his backside overnight?”

“Sure,
good idea.” Amanda agreed as Peter groaned, and Emma returned with a nasty
looking black plug at least five inches long and at its widest point an inch and
a half diameter. It was attached to a belt of rubber straps and a locking device
at the waist. She showed it to him and he wriggled and writhed again. She handed
it to Amanda saying.

“All
yours, my dear.” She dipped it in a jar of lube and approached Peter’s
raised rear. We watched in silence as she slowly impaled her former boyfriend on
the huge probe. On she pushed, whispering something to him we couldn’t hear,
and I continued to film. His sphincter already heavily abused was stretched
wider and wider to take in the intruder. Finally it was in to the hilt and
Amanda pulled the straps tight around his hips and waist and then locked the
waistband. By using his stomach muscles he tried, uselessly, to eject it, for it
didn’t move a millimetre.

Peggy
came into the room, I hadn’t seen her, close up at least for a while.

“Ah,
so here are my sleeping partners for tonight at least. Amanda, I see you’ve
got Peter where you want him, excellent. Morag and Sarah have gone to get beds
for the night.” She turned to me and smiled, in a friendly way. “Maxine,
I’ve been hearing great things about you all day, particularly about your
escapade with Peter here. Even Sarah seems very impressed, and is now over her
initial shock. She was talking about the ballet all afternoon. My, that dress
really does something for you.” She stood back and admired me. It was Amanda
who spoke next.

“We’ve
plugged him nicely now, so we need to earplug him, hood him and then release
him, ready for bed.” And they did just that, Emma sticking plugs in his ears
and then shouting one last warning.

“In
a second we will release your gag. You are not to say anything, at all – not a
word. For safety reasons you will not be gagged overnight. You make a sound and
you will be severely punished. I think you know by now that we are very good at
what we do here, yes?”

He
nodded and Amanda released his gag, he licked his lips and swallowed, glared at
us but said nothing. Amanda produced a black rubber mask, displaying it in front
of Peter, who turned his head away. Amanda leant over, placed it on his crown
and pulled it down over his head. It fit very snugly round his head and neck
down to his shoulders, the only hole being at his mouth, quite large and leaving
him plenty of room to breathe. It had large pads at the eyes (and at the ears)
so he would not see a gleam of light. It was moulded round his nose but he
wouldn’t get any air through there. He seemed to panic at first and then
settle, breathing evenly through his mouth. They released him from his bonds; he
stood up groggily and Amanda cuffed his wrists behind his back. It happened fast
and efficiently with Peter providing no real threat.

“I
think we should cover up his cock and balls, we don’t want him playing with
himself, and he’s not here to have fun.” Amanda suggested and Morag got him
to step into a pair of red rubber panties, pulling them high up his waist and
completely covering his dildo belt. They put a latex cloak over his shoulders
and led him out of Miss Broad’s quarters. They held him firmly by the arms as
we all went upstairs and into Peggy’s room, replete with three beds.

One
had been prepared with a latex sheet and small pillow. They sat him down
stretched his legs to the corners and cuffed them, then released his wrist cuffs
and lay him back, cuffed his wrists to D rings at the sides of his rubber
panties. The familiar latex sheet was now produced and his head pushed through
the hole near the top and then all the girls, while I continued to film, pulled
the sheet tight over him and attached it to the D rings at the sides of the bed.

Now
he was flattened to the bed, incapable of any movement, a mound only with a
black helmeted head sticking out, trying to breathe slowly and calmly. Amanda
leaned over him, placing her hand over the helmet as if trying to what his
feelings were underneath. She bent down and pecked his rubber-covered forehead.

“Good
night Peter, sleep tight.” She giggled quietly. “Thanks girls, especially
you, Maxine.” She kissed me on the lips. God they were tempting my loyalty to
Sarah! Surrounded by these beautiful women, and dressed in their shiny tight
rubber, yes, I was sorely tempted. But I loved Sarah so much – and Sarah in
rubber even more! She then pecked Emma and then Emma and I left for the night.
Emma put her arm through mine as we walked back in our heels.

“Quite
a day.”

“Yes,
yes, one I won’t forget….ever.”

“I
feel very lucky to have been with you today Maxine. You could have made it
tough, don’t get me wrong, I think I could have handled you and brought you
under control…..but the day has gone really well and tomorrow will be even
better I think. We’ll have some new clothes and new experiences for you, and
you get to video Peter which should be fun.” We entered her bedroom, with the
two beds and latex sheets and pillows.

“Now,
in all the excitement today, I haven’t really thought what I am going to do
with you for the night.” She sat down on the bed, crossed her legs, looked at
me and gave it some thought. I sat down too.

“Well
I don’t think I should suggest anything.” I said.

“Ha
ha, no, although you have proved that you have a very inventive imagination up
to now.”

“Mmm,
maybe not when I’m the victim.”

“Sit
here in the chair and you can take your make-up off.” I did so and removed the
single earring, choker and then with some cleansing cream, my make-up. I found
this exercise very calming and Emma said nothing as I completed it. I stood and
she unzipped the dress, but left my corset and gloves on. She eased her fingers
under the corset and pulled down my white panties and then, mercifully my pussy
pants. My cock looked a bit withered but soon got some colour back, and Emma
giggled when she saw me fondling it

“Actually
I’m telling a lie about tonight,” she grinned, “I had it figured out a
little earlier with Peggy and Morag, and Miss Broad has given her approval. You
might even like it too.” I wasn’t quite so sure but kept an open mind. She
pointed to the bathroom with a smile and I went and did my ablutions. I did what
washing and cleaning I could, and brushed my teeth, and then combed my new hair
style. I returned to the bedroom and Emma had lain out my “clothes” for the
night.

”I
think we should put a little make-up on you, just a touch to make you nice and
feminine, for the night, okay?”

“I
nodded and sat down again and she applied a little pink lipstick and dark
eyeliner.

“Now,
to finish your dressing.” I already had my white latex corset on and was quite
used to it holding in my waist and pushing out my “boobs’ by now, I also had
the shoulder length gloves but nothing else. She passed me a pair of white latex
stockings already powdered and I sat down on the edge of the bed and rolled them
on, straightening and gradually easing them up my legs to the top of my thighs.
They were tight and gripped like a vice. Emma looked on approvingly.

“Perfect,
you won’t need any suspenders, gosh they do wonders for your figure, you have
great legs, and how do they feel?” And if truth be told, I felt really very
good; I liked the cool grip as my legs gradually warmed up the shiny armour.

“Fine,
I feel, well, good.” I ran my hands down my legs and loved the smooth cool
cling. What was happening to me here? Emma could see my reaction and gave me a
knowing smile. The next article was really a very strange one; she held it up in
front of me rather proudly.

“This
is an interesting one. We girls sometimes wear one; only you wear it back to
front. It’s just a pair of nice rubber panties with a reinforced hole at the
front, for you to pull your cock and balls through and here, at the back is the
fun bit. You see this empty sleeve, rather like a thick condom, well this goes
up your arse; we have it up our pussies lucky us. Once I push it up inside your
rear I will withdraw the probe and you will have only a thin sleeve of rubber up
your bum. You’ll hardly notice it, for now.”

I
didn’t argue with her, although I didn’t like the sound of the “for now”
comment. I stepped into the panties and drew them up my legs, the sleeve, like a
hollow tail about 5 inches long hung down from my rear.

“Okay,
bend over.” She said and got a vibrator from the bedside table and slipped it
up the condom.

“Just
be thankful I am not turning this on, it would send you crazy. Believe me, I
know.” She giggled and slowly pressed it against my sphincter. Progressively
it slipped in until there was nothing hanging down, and then she carefully
pulled out the vibrator, leaving the sleeve inside me.

“Excellent,
how do you feel?”

“Okay,
I think. I’m just waiting for what is going to come.” I said a little
nervously.

“Well
you won’t have to wait long. I’d better get ready for bed too, unzip me
please.” So I unzipped Emma from her black dress until she was in her black
tights only, which she immediately rolled down and stepped out of, now
completely naked. She towelled off and rummaged in her drawer for her night
clothes. She produced a one-piece suit, which I can only describe as a type of
romper suit in bright pink latex. It even had attached feet and gloves and
covered her from neck to toe.

She
held the sides and stepped in, the suit was quite loose but was cinched at the
ankles, wrists and waist where there were rows of bright red latex ruffles. The
bootees and gloves were skintight and I zipped her up to the back of her neck
where there was another row of ruffles. She looked gorgeous; although the suit
was baby-like the body inside was most certainly not. She rubbed herself all
over to get the chill out of the cool rubber.

“Mmmm,
snug as a bug, nice and cosy.” There was a knock at the door. “Ah, perfect
timing.” She said laughing and opened the door. Standing there and looking a
bit nervous was Sarah, and behind her stood Peggy, dressed like Emma, ready for
bed and with a large rubber bag draped over her arm. Peggy gently eased Sarah
into the room. She was dressed identically to me, white corset, stockings and
gloves and even panties, as I could see her blonde pussy hair through the
reinforced hole in the panties. I wondered if she also had a rubber sleeve up
her bum. Almost subconsciously I covered my cock, now hardening fast at the
sight of her in her rubber finery. She smiled and said.

“You
really don’t have to hide them you know, I’ve seen them before, in fact you
could say that I know them fairly intimately.”

“Yes,
I suppose you do. God you look great, those clothes….well…. do you like
them?”

“Well
yes, as a matter of fact I do, they really flatter, they’ve done wonders for
your body, quite the transformation!”

“That’s
an understatement.” I replied, peering down at my body encased in the tight
rubber. “I hope you don’t hate me for being so weak and not putting up more
of a resistance.”

“Hate
you? No, what can you do? These girls here hold all the cards and I know you
well enough.” She thought again and smiled. “You look pretty stunning
yourself you know, tall and slim with a nice set of boobs. Look Max…Maxine,
whoever, I still love you, Max or Maxine, it doesn’t matter. I feel rather
guilty actually, like a forbidden love; it’s like loving your girlfriend or
your twin. I’m pretty broad minded you know, and this opens up all kinds of
kinky fun don’t you think?”

It
was Emma who spoke next.

“Speaking
of which, Miss Broad felt, we all felt, that you both deserved a treat tonight.
Maxine saved us all from a possible messy situation earlier, and you both have
exceeded all expectations so tonight you both can sleep together. We must
however maintain, as always, the element of rubber which you are both wearing
and stunningly I may add, and the element of bondage which Peggy has
provided.” She held out the sack.

“This
is quite simple, a large bag with an external zipper and two holes strategically
placed for you to put your heads through, that’s all.” It did not seem too
bad at all, I would be with Sarah all night, and locked in a rubber bag!

“Caps
first, I think.” Said Emma and produced two matching white rubber
old-fashioned bathing caps with chin straps; we smiled at each other and pulled
them on together, tucking in our hair and fastening the straps by our ears. Now
we looked even more alike, our cheeks bulging slightly with the pressure of the
tight rubber.

“Okay,
in you go Maxine.” I needed no encouragement and slid through the zip into the
darkness of the cool, pungent bag. I saw light to the side and aimed my head
there and with their help from outside pushed my head through. Sarah was next
and she snuggled in as well, pushing her head through. She was facing me, her
face six inches from mine; she gave me a naughty smile and raised her eyebrows,
this was going to be an interesting night I thought. Before zipping us in and
locking the zip Peggy said.

“Here
Sarah, tie this around your waist, you may want to use it later.” She winked
and slid something through the zip to Sarah before locking us in. The latex fit
quite snugly round our necks and it would be difficult to get out when the time
came, but it was possible for us to turn round within the bag. Peggy came closer
and kissed us both on the lips.

“Happy
dreams, although how much sleep you get, well……” There was no jealousy
between us now and we said good night as she closed the door behind her. We
still stood there, our rubber capped heads just six inches apart, I held Sarah
round her waist and she snuggled close and tenderly took my already hard cock.

“Well,
there’s your bed, I suggest you get comfortable. You look quite the pair of
rubber-clad twins. Now I don’t want too much noise from you tonight, you
hear?” And she chuckled as she pushed ear plugs into her ears and pulled an
identical bathing cap over her head and fastened it to the side. She then came
to us, smiled and kissed us both, tenderly and with feeling, which I think we
both reciprocated. She then lay on her bed and pulled the latex sheet over her,
said good night and turned the light out. In the dark we shuffled over to the
bed, Sarah giggling nervously. I held her in my rubber arms and she held me in
hers. We dropped to the bed and slid on our sides.

“You
all right?”

“Never
better.” And I meant it, I felt her hands on my cock and I moved my fingers
gently inside her.

“It’s
a pity my head and mouth are up here.” She said.

“We’ll
make up for that, don’t worry, I’m sorry I can’t get at your boobs.”

“That’s
okay, just slip your cock in here, I’m dripping wet.” And she was, I slid
inside her warm familiar pouch and she took a breath and kissed me hard on my
lips, her lipstick mingling with mine. She kissed my eyes, neck and ears, she
sucked on the rubber cap, she was voracious. I didn’t know if it was the
rubber that was the catalyst but we were in a world of our own right then.

“Take
it easy, we have all night.” I said but she wouldn’t slow, our rubber
covered bodies, stockinged, gloved and corseted, were now warm and moist in
their latex envelope, and my cock pumped in and out of her moist channel. We
ground away for long, wonderful minutes, rubbing our latex bodies together. She
wrapped her legs around me and I ground away, sweat rising on my brow. This was
like a dream, I was doing what I wanted to a woman I wanted. The latex clothes
rather than hamper me enhanced our senses and urged us on. Finally I exploded
into her as she gasped and shook in an orgasm I’d hardly ever seen her have
before.

We
lay in each other’s arms, a flood of emotions passing through us.

And
that was how Sarah and I completed the first 24 hours of our attendance at Miss
Broad’s finishing school for young ladies. It had been an amazing 24 hours,
painful and pleasurable, and we had learnt a lot about each other in that time.
But there were more adventures to come for both of us in the ensuing days, again
painful and pleasurable!

08.05.06

[continued in **part five**](finishing_school5.html)

**\* \* \***
