---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jenka's Kidnapping 4
authors:
- Sabina
tags:
- MM-f
- bond
- latex
- susp
- fur
- sci-fi
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Jenka's Kidnapping 3**](jenkas_kidnapping3.html))_

_**Part 4**_

_Huge hands yanked the tight latex
discipline hood over sabina's head. Other hands yanked the matching gleaming
black corset tighter and tighter. Struggling to breath through the ring gag she
moaned helplessly. The hands kept roaming as the voices around her called out
suggestions. her tail flicked rapidly side to side, knees trembling. Tight
little ass rounded back as a thick finger, slick with her own arousal, slid deep
into her little bottom._

_The latex drew wickedly tight,
short tubes thrust into her nose ensured she would have a way to breath when her
mouth was filled. The ring gag kept her mouth side open, soft red lips
surrounded by the gleaming blackness. The corset nipped her narrow waist in
several inches, making breathing a struggle at best. Tight latex stockings
encased her legs from just above the knee. Secured at ankle and above the knee
with thick built in cuffs. Large rings at the toes of the stockings turned them
into an ideal restraint. her arms were still encased in the severe glove up
between her shoulder blades._

_Huge hands engulfed her latex
covered head, and a thick tongue invaded her mouth in a savage demanding kiss.
sabina responded instantly, suckling the tongue, grinding against the teasing
finger thrusting into her ass. Loud chuckles reached her ears under the hood,
making her face burn with embarrassment she simply couldn't help responding._

_"It seems very eager to
play." The voice in front of her growled. They had taken to referring to
her as an object since removing sabina from her Mistress's arms in the hot tub.
"Lets see how much it can take."_

_The hands suddenly became rough,
grabbing tightly and lifting the squirming half feline into the air. sabina
twisted and squealed out in fear not sure what they intended to do. Twisting the
slave around heavy chains where locked to D rings on the sides of her corset,
the sides of her wide collar, a ring at the top of the hood, the cuffs just
above her knees, and the rings at the end of the stockings. Suspended face down
about four feet off the floor. her legs spread wide, hips a bit higher then her
knees, rounding her ass into the air slightly. More chains were added, securing
her to the floor as well. They carefully tightened the web until sabina could
barely wiggle, her head arched back from the tight pull on the ring at the top
of the hood up and back._

_"It makes a nice
decoration..." One of them chuckled. Searing pain erupted in sabina's right
nipple, and then her left. she bucked and squealed helplessly as both were
pierced. A slender silver rod was slid through both nipples and capped on each
end with a silver ball. The rod was just short enough to pull inwards. A
constant maddening ache. Clamps bit down on her nipples and clit, drawing fresh
squeals. "We like to play a little rougher than those other two." The
voice growled into her ear as a cock began to rub around her stretched open
mouth teasingly. "Does it like to play rough?"_

_Dynotaku scowled at the
bartender. First sabina had not arrived on time, then Jenka was nowhere to be
found. It was not like either of them. He turned away from the bar, and much to
his surprise saw two familiar faces. Minotaurs, he had seen them using sabina
before at Jenka's place. But they were along way from home, and at the same time
he was to meet Jenka on this station, curious. Turning he clopped over to their
table, just as the waitress was taking their orders._

_"Those are on me, and I'll
take a beer." Dynotaku gave the waitress his best leer and patted her on
the ass. She scowled at him playfully and slapped his hand away. Grinning at the
two as he sat "I might have deserved that. Don't I know you two, Will and
Mark correct?"_

_"That's right," William
replied, "And you are that... Unicorn fella, Donner right?"_

_"Dynotaku, close enough.
Have you two by any chance seen Jenka, we were supposed to meet up for a
little... fun."_

_The huge grins that blossomed
told Dynotaku all was not well, or at least not normal._

_At first they didn't say much,
just a few hints and comments. "We've seen a lot of her, in fact all of
her... She might have already had enough fun to last her a month..."_

_Dynotaku casually ordered another
round and some whiskey. It didn't take long for the minotaur to get a little
sloshed. As they downed shot after shot, Dynotaku casually throwing his over his
shoulder, the story came out. They had a ship docked on the far side of the
station, Jenka and sabina were prisoners there. "We meant to let em go, but
those other guys... they wanna keep em." Mark laughed. "Ya gotta watch
them raiders."_

_"Raiders?" Dynotaku's
brow furrowed, "What raiders?"_

_"Ummmm, Back's Fjord"
William mumbled. "No... no that's not it, Beck's First." He corrected
himself._

_"Blacks Fourth?"
Dynotaku asked, pouring the two another pair of shots. He no longer even
pretended to drink with them._

_"Thas it!" Mark cried
as William downed his shot. Tilting back slowly and collapsing in a heap on the
floor. "They seemed like a good bunch, but they are a little... mean I
think."_

_Dynotaku nodded, his jaw set.
Black's Fourth was part of a much larger group, Black's Raiders. The Fourth was
well known as perhaps the roughest group in this sector, he was not sure even
station security wanted to tangle with those guys. "You know, I sure would
love to get a piece of Jenka..." He mused quietly, glancing at the still
conscious minotaur slyly._

_"Shure.." Mark slurred
as he spilled his whiskey all over himself. "Les go..." Mark stood,
his eyes rolling back and promptly passed out._

_Dynotaku struggled out the door
to find a transport to the docking ring, carrying one minotaur over each
shoulder. "Why couldn't they have been marmots.." He groused, even for
someone with his strength it was a heavy load._

_sabina screamed as another cock
speared into her little pussy. Clenching around it and sobbing as the
electricity started again. Small red wires ran from the weighted clamps on her
clit and nipples. As if the swaying weights were not bad enough, every time she
got even close to coming they shocked her until it passed. Sweat, arousal and
come dripped from her little body as another one stuffed his cock into her
mouth. "it had better do a good job, or it gets the whip again..."_

_A pair of spiked pinwheels and
countless feathers teased around her body as they double fucked her. Thrusting
in deep, chuckling at the frantic squeals. sabina arched against the chains,
giggling and sobbing at the same time. she couldn't take another second, but it
just went on and on. The cock on her pussy pulled out, only to thrust into her
ass. Drawing fresh screams and pleading squeals of hurt and need. "Oh
shush, it's halfway done, unless of course someone wants seconds..."_

_Dynotaku carried the two from the
transport to the ship, smiling at the thug guarding the door. "Hi, damn
pleased to meet you. I was drinking with our mutual friends here and..."_

_"Look pal no one goes inside
except... oh hell." The guard stopped, scowling noticing who Dynotaku was
carrying. "So, you're friends with those two."_

_"Ya, and they said I could
have a little, time, with Jenka." Dynotaku gave a none too sly wink at the
guard, wanting even this dim bulb to catch the hint._

_"Oh, well, sure I
guess." The guard palmed the lock open and Dynotaku was greeted by the
muffled screams of a familiar slave._

_Dynotaku slipped inside with a
nod to the guard, dropping the unconscious pair on the first couch he found.
"Time to look around a little."_

_He followed the sound of
screaming and sobbing, peeking through an open door into the room. Little sabina,
at least he thought it was her, was suspended in the middle of the room. His
muscles tensed, almost ready to spring in as he counted the people inside. 10,
no 20 the others were off to the side drinking. No use there, too many. Even
though he figured sabina could handle it, maybe, there was nothing for it._

_Turning he slipped down the hall
spotting Jenka lying on a bed tightly bound. He paused and gave a low whistle.
In spite of the danger seeing sabina and Jenka like this was... not unpleasant.
Slipping into the room he closed the door and caressed Jenka's left breast.
"So... what brings a nice girl like you to a place like this?" He
chuckled._

_02.08.06_

_If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!_

_story continues in [**Jenka's Kidnapping 5**](jenkas_kidnapping5.html)

o0o
