---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Adventures of Suzy 6
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- Sbf
- M/f
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter Six - Suzy Re-bound**

**Part One**

Having thoroughly enjoyed helping me tie, tease and torment my current,
but soon to be 'ex' girlfriend, Suzy had driven us back to her place and
invited me in for a coffee, then lunch. I wasn't too sure how
this would end up, until Suzy said, "And bring that bag of toys in with
you, I want my turn again now". Suzy suggested we "continue
where we'd left off". Never one to refuse an offer to tie up
a sexy, willing lady I very happily obliged.

Inside her apartment, Suzy offered me a seat, told me to make myself
comfortable and headed for her bedroom saying she wanted to change out
of her jeans. I took my coat off and sitting on the sofa checked
my sports bag full of 'toys'. I still had quite a bit of rope left,
a couple of leather straps, half a roll of duct tape, the leather padded
blindfold, a ballgag and a small vibrator. Plenty to keep Suzy,
not to mention me, entertained for the afternoon!!

About ten minutes later Suzy re-appeared from her bedroom, and what
a magnificent sight she made! Suzy was wearing a black half-cup
bra, black high-cut panties, hold-up stockings and black leather high heels.
As if not sexy enough already, she'd added a harness ballgag over the top
of a leather blindfold and her hands looked as if they were tied behind
her. It was one heck of a way of saying, "fuck me".
As she carefully walked into the room from the hallway, I stood up and
quietly walked towards her. As I got nearer I saw a loop of
string around her neck with a small key attached, probably for the handcuffs
I could now see holding her wrists together behind her. As I looked
closer, I realised the handcuffs were different to any I'd seen before.
I'd thought of myself as pretty experienced, but I'd never yet seen hinged
handcuffs, only ones with a connecting chain. I quickly took
hold of her handcuffs by the hinge in the middle and pulling Suzy's wrists
away from her, gave her pretty little arse a sharp smack.

Suzy yelped through the ballgag in surprise and I let go of her arms
to leave her unaware of my location. I just loved her gagged moans
and the little reaching movements she made with her cuffed wrists as she
felt the space around her. I went over to the sports bag on
the floor and picked out two leather straps, one wide and one narrow, before
moving the bag onto the sofa. Returning to Suzy, I grabbed her from
behind, my hands cupping her breasts as I pulled her backwards against
me. Kissing her on the neck, I whispered "I could fuck you now and
all afternoon, or I might just tease you relentlessly - and there's nothing
you can do to stop me, is there ? ".

I moved Suzy over to the sofa and made her kneel down on the floor,
facing the sofa, with me behind her. I ran the thin leather strap
underneath the centre hinge of her handcuffs, then taking the two ends
upwards, pulled each end up over each shoulder, then back under each armpit
to meet in the middle of her back. Buckling the strap, just below
her neck lifted Suzy's cuffed hands up into the middle of her back, the
shoulder harness holding them about a foot above her the top of her panties.
I removed my trousers, and still kneeling behind her, between her legs,
I rubbed my cock along the inside of her thigh. Suzy ground
her hips back into me and I knew she was as horny as I was.
I pulled away and gathering her ankles together, crossed them and secured
them with the wider strap.

Holding Suzy bent forwards, I could tell she expected me to fuck her.
Suzy's favourite position was tied, blindfolded and taken from behind.
I reached into the bag and removed the vibrator. Pulling the crotch
of her panties to one side, I turned the vibrator on high and slid it quickly
into her wet pussy then pulled her panties back in place to keep it from
being expelled. Suzy started grunting in protest and wiggling her
hips and arse, hoping I'd remove the vibrator and fuck her. I stood
up and pulling my trousers back up my legs said to her, "I'm just off to
get myself that coffee and lunch you promised, I'll give you a better fucking
on a full stomach". I left Suzy struggling to get her hands down
towards her panties and went into her kitchen to get a drink.

I quietly returned to the lounge a few minutes later, with my coffee,
and stood in the doorway watching a frustrated Suzy, now laying on her
side on the floor, trying to squeeze her thighs together to bring herself
to orgasm.

I finished my coffee as I watched Suzy trying to come, and decided to
check out her bedroom. Not too surprisingly she had a double bed
made out of pine, with a wooded headboard and foot-board - ideal for bondage.
One of her wardrobe doors was open, prompting me to look inside.
On the floor was a small suitcase, unlocked and open, containing half a
dozen coiled lengths of rope, a set of leather ankle and wrist cuffs and
some small padlocks with a bunch of keys on a ring.

I decided it was time for the real sex to start. I tied the cuffs
to the corners of the bed, but left a few feet of rope as slack, so I could
buckle them around her wrist or ankle then tighten the rope later.
Going back into the lounge, I found Suzy still on floor but now face down
making small humping movements with her hips, obviously still trying to
come. "Want a hand", I mocked. Suzy moaned through the
harness ballgag and raised her arse in the air invitingly.

"Here,"
I said, "let me make you a bit more comfortable". I slipped her panties
to the side and removed the vibrator, then I sat her upright and lifted
her so she stood on her crossed feet. I picked Suzy up in my arms
and carried her to her bedroom, setting her down in the middle of the bed,
her ankles near the foot-board. With Suzy sitting, I undid
the strap binding her ankles, but quickly used it to secure her legs together
just above the knees. Working quickly, I pulled her legs towards
the corner of the bed and buckled the ankle cuff around Suzy's left ankle,
then pulling her back towards the middle of the bed and using up the slack
from her left ankle, I pulled the other cuff up to her right ankle and
buckled it securely. It was now easy to tighten these two ropes,
leaving Suzy sitting with her legs spread wide to the corners of the bed.

Using the handcuff key Suzy had so thoughtfully left around her neck,
I removed her hands one at a time from the handcuffs, re-securing them
with the waiting leather wrist cuffs. With Suzy now on her back,
I tightened each of the four ropes holding the leather cuffs to the bed
until she was tightly spread-eagled on the bed. I took the two pillows
from the top of the bed and, lifting her hips, eased them under her arse
making her just that bit more 'accessible'.

Early on in our relationship, and quite by accident, I'd discovered
that if I spread-eagled Suzy very tightly, with her legs held wide apart,
when we had sex she could not come unless I loosened her legs - which I
invariably did. However, not one pass up an opportunity to tease
a bound and gagged, very horny, sexy lady I decided this would be a good
occasion to see if she really couldn't come like that.

Back at the foot of the bed, I steadily but repeatedly tightened the
ropes holding her ankle cuffs to the bed until Suzy was tightly stretched
and her legs held far apart. Despite her protests and best
efforts, Suzy could do absolutely nothing but lay there, open, accessible
and totally helpless.

I ripped her panties off, and as Suzy shook her head and tried unsuccessfully
to move either her hips or legs, I lowered myself into her. As my
cock entered her I could feel the tension in her thigh muscles.
I knew I couldn't keep Suzy tied this tightly for very long, but I didn't
intend to. I pumped my hips steadily faster and harder, driving my
cock in and out of her, until I felt my balls tighten, my come start to
rise and I shot my load deep inside her.

My breath returning to normal, my balls empty and my spent cock resting
inside her, I said to Suzy, "I'll untie your legs now, so you can come".
Suzy nodded her repeatedly and mmmphed "Yes" through her gag". I
climbed off the bed and slackened the ropes holding her ankles wide apart
and her legs taught. Although Suzy could now flex her thighs and
hips she, which she immediately did, she still couldn't do much else.

I turned the vibrator back on and slid it into her pussy. "Don't
mind me, I'm hungry and off to run up some lunch", I said, "If you can
keep that in, you should manage to come okay". Suzy shook her head
and mmmmphed a loud "No" through the gag. Without the panties to
hold the vibrator in place, if Suzy tried to grip it with her pussy, all
it did was slide slowly back out. I watched from the doorway as slowly
the vibrator eased its way out from her pussy and lay buzzing on the bed
between her legs and out of reach. Suzy began calling out, struggling
and bucking her hips, all to no avail. I left one very frustrated
tied to the bed as I made us both some sandwiches.

**Part Two**

I returned to the bedroom with a plate of sandwiches and drinks to find
a spread-eagled and still frustrated Suzy, underneath her rear wet from
my come seeping out from her pussy and a still buzzing vibrator out of
her reach on the bed between her thighs. "I've brought us some
lunch", I announced and setting the food down on her bedside table, I reached
over and unbuckled her harness ballgag. I helped Suzy ease the ball
from behind her teeth and a trail of her drool followed as it popped free.
As she worked her jaw muscles back into shape I undid her blindfold too
and turned off the vibrator, moving it to the side of her hips.

Suzy blinked her eyes, then looking up at me said "If you don't bring
me off, right now.....".

I cut her short, "You'll do what?" I laughed.
We looked at each other smiling. We both knew I'd make sure she had
plenty
of orgasms, it was just a question of when, and Suzy enjoyed the wait as
much as me.

I fed Suzy her lunch and juice as she lay tied to the bed, then ate
mine too. "Well, I'm refreshed and ready for you as dessert", I said,
"How about you ?".

Suzy pulled her arms and legs against the cuffs
holding her spread-eagled to the bed, "Do I get a choice then ?" she asked,
smiling. I shook my head and fastened the blindfold back over
her eyes.

I untied Suzy's right wrist cuff from the corner bed post and lowering
her arm, I tied the rope off to the right of the foot-board . This
kept her arm laying at her side, but held just away from her body and unable
to be raised up. Next I loosened the rope holding her right ankle
cuff so there was plenty of slack, then tying a rope around her leg just
above the knee, pulled Suzy's knee up and towards the corner of the bed,
tying the rope off tightly to the top right of the headboard. Realising
my intentions, Suzy said, "Oh no, not like that, you know I can't bear
it for long like that".

I untied the rope from her ankle cuff
to the bottom corner of the bed and lifting her lower leg up, bending her
knee slightly outwards enabled me to tie Suzy's ankle up over her head to
the centre of the headboard. Her leg was now right up over
her head and totally immobilised. Doing the same with Suzy's left
arm and leg meant Suzy was securely tied to the bed, on her back with her
arms tied down away from her side and her knees apart, raised up by her
shoulders, her ankles crossed over her head - a classic 'fuck me' position.
Realising what I had planned, Suzy pleaded "that's not fair". Unfortunately
she couldn't say much else because I pushed the ballgag behind her teeth
and buckled the straps tightly behind her head and under her chin.

One sure way of making Suzy come during sex was for me to lift her legs
over my shoulders while I fucked her, but she found it so intense that
she couldn't last long like that. On one occasion when I kept
going, pinning her down, she actually wet the bed !!

With Suzy now blindfolded, gagged, helpless and held open and accessible
I started teasing her with my tongue. Starting at her neck I licked,
kissed and nibbled Suzy's helpless body all the way her down to her nipples,
where finding them nice and hard I took each one into my mouth.
While teasing her nipples with my tongue I reached down and parting her
pussy lips, used two fingers to probe her deeply. I continued working
on her breasts with my mouth and her pussy with my fingers until she was
rapidly approaching orgasm. Suzy was rocking her hips and grunting
through her gag for me to fuck her - she wanted to come badly.

Suzy stiffened as her orgasm hit and then bucked her hips up to my hand.
I bent my fingers up, stroking the top walls of her pussy as she continued
coming loudly. Before Suzy realised what I was doing, I moved round
so I was above her spread legs and plunged my hard cock deep into her.
Pumping my cock hard into her, was all it took for her orgasm to be re-kindled
and Suzy came loudly, drooling from her ballgag and snorting the breath
through her nose. I kept thrusting into her, reaching over with one
hand to retrieve the small vibrator. Turning it back on, I held it
against Suzy's clitoris as I continued to fuck her. As Suzy
started to come once more, she really started shaking her head and mewing
through her gag. I held myself back as long as I could, fucking her
through her orgasm as she struggled desperately to get me to stop and lower
her legs.

Suzy came loudly and wildly, shaking her head and bucking her hips as
best she could. I dropped the vibrator and hammered my cock hard
into her spasming pussy, finally shooting my load deep into her.
Unable to continue any longer, I quickly withdrew and picking up the vibrator
held it against her clit once more.

As Suzy pulled futilely against her ropes and cuffs, pleading through
her gag for me to stop, I put my fingers back inside her soaking pussy
and finger-fucked her with one hand, the other holding the vibrator up
against her clit. Despite her protesting and bucking her hips, I
brought Suzy to orgasm yet again. This time though she was shaking
almost uncontrollably, her breathing fast and ragged. I kept up the
stimulation as Suzy fought her bonds, desperate for me to stop until she
finally rode out her orgasm and collapsed limp back onto the bed.

Knowing she really couldn't take any more, I released Suzy's ankle and
knee ropes, letting her legs almost flop back down to the bed. Even
as I undid her wrist cuffs, Suzy just lay there, totally spent. Lastly,
removing her harness ballgag and blindfold, I left her, still in her sweat
soaked stockings, recovering on the bed. I tidied up the bondage
gear and vibrator and lay myself down on the bed next to Suzy, holding
her in my arms, and fell asleep.

About an hour later I woke up, Suzy still half naked and fast asleep
next to me on the bed. I got dressed and went to the kitchen to make
us each a coffee. Returning to the bedroom, I set the coffee
mugs down next to the bed and gently woke Suzy. We drunk the
coffee and talked - a lot. Suzy and I both knew we had no chance
of a long term relationship, we had different career paths as well as views
on marriage and kids etc. However, we also both knew we shared a
love of bondage and sex which we would be unlikely to find so well matched
with another partner.

Suzy got herself dressed and after relaxing in her apartment for a while
we went out to a local restaurant together for dinner. Over dinner
we agreed that we both like to spend the night together but that in the
morning we should take some time apart before deciding if and how we'd
continue seeing each other. Back at Suzy's place with the combination
of an exhausting day and a bottle of strong wine we agreed to leave the
sex until next morning, Saturday, going to bed and straight asleep.

**Part Three**

I woke up and looking at the clock saw it was just after nine o'clock.
Then I realised Suzy was not in the bed, listening I could hear the shower
running. As usual on waking I was getting two very different
messages from my body, one from my stomach and one from my cock.
With Suzy naked in the shower and a bag full of bondage gear at the side
of the bed, breakfast would definitely have to wait !!

I gathered up a ballgag, the hinged handcuffs and a length of rope then
hid myself outside the bathroom door waiting for Suzy. A minute later
I heard the water stop and after another minute or so Suzy emerged from
the bathroom into the hallway, wearing a towel around her hair and her
white towelling robe. Holding the gag, rope and cuffs behind me,
I called out from just behind her "Morning !".

Suzy spun round, "Hi",
she said, then as her eyes lowered to meet my erection, "I see you're well
awake now then". Suzy walked back the few paces towards me
and as she got within reach, I dropped the rope and gag to floor and grabbed
her by the shoulders. As Suzy managed a "Hey ?", I spun her round
and holding her face up against the wall quickly handcuffed her, behind
her back. "That's not fair", Suzy complained, "I wanted to surprise
you".

Picking up the ballgag I said "Don't worry, you still might"
and laughed. Pushing the rubber ball of the ballgag between her teeth,
I pulled the straps tight behind her neck forcing the ball deep into her
mouth and secured the buckle.

With Suzy still facing the wall, I picked up the rope and draped it
over her shoulders, across the back of her neck. Pulling the ends back
under her arm pits I quickly made a shoulder harness, using the free ends
to lift the handcuffs up her back and tie them securely up in the small
of her back. Ballgagged and with her hands useless to her,
I removed the towel around Suzy's hair letting it cascade down her back
and shoulders.

"Time for your morning fuck, young lady" I said to Suzy as I propelled
her back down the hallway into her bedroom. On reaching the bedroom
door, I ushered Suzy over to the bed, but left her standing at its side.
Picking up some more rope and a leather blindfold I turned to Suzy, "You're
not getting it that easy!" and strapped the blindfold tightly over her
eyes. Helping Suzy up onto the bed I unbuckled the ballgag, "First,
I want my wake-up blowjob", I informed her as I guided her mouth over my
waiting cock.

They say 'practice makes perfect', well Suzy had had plenty of practice
sucking cock with her hands tied behind her - and she was good. She
quickly got me close to coming, but with Suzy blindfolded I made sure I
didn't give away too many signals, so when I climaxed, pumping my come
into her mouth she was unpleasantly surprised. Suzy lifted her head
up and coughed, and as fast as she could say "Bastard", I strapped the
ballgag back into its rightful place, filling her mouth and sealing in
the residue and taste of my come.

Pushing Suzy face down onto the bed, I quickly crossed her ankles, tying
them so, then cinched the bindings and tied them off to the foot of the
bed. "Don't mind me", I told her, "you wait there while I get myself
some toast and a coffee". I left Suzy protesting helplessly on the
bed and went off for some well earned breakfast and to made preparations
for our next liaison.

While brewing the coffee I thought of a good way of 'entertaining' Suzy.
I returned to the bedroom with my coffee, toast and Suzy's cordless phone.
Her robe had ridden up her hips well enough to present me her bare arse,
inviting a welcoming smack. While Suzy mmmphed requests to untie her through
her ballgag, I untied her ankles but then spread her legs and tied each
separately to the corner of the bed. Reaching around her stomach,
I unfastened her robe belt and eased it off her shoulders and front and
up over her hips, with her tied wrists being the only impediment to removing
it totally. Taking the pillows from the top of the bed I slid them under
Suzy's hips raising them off the bed and giving me easier access to her
pussy.

Being the horny bitch she was, Suzy was now quite happy with this arrangement
and eagerly awaiting a good fucking. Picking up Suzy's cordless telephone
I used the stored number feature to dial her sister. After a dozen
rings, the phone was answered by a female - hopefully her sister.
I immediately hung-up, then re-dialled again. This time the phone
was answered almost immediately; I hung-up once more. Now to wait
and hope. Within a minute Suzy's phone rung, displaying her sister's
number as calling. Suzy lifted her head in surprise at the sound
of the phone. I unbuckled her ballgag, "For you, I'd assume" I said
and holding the phone to her ear accepted the call. After Suzy had said
'Hi', still holding the phone to her ear, I turned her head and laid it
back down on the bed so the phone was underneath - held between the bed
and Suzy's right ear.

Moving back between her spread legs, I slid my cock into her.
Now she was getting worried !! Her hands fluttering repeatedly in the cuffs,
blindfolded, unable to move, she lay there speaking to her sister while
I slowly fucked her. Knowing she'd try to end the call, I started
to thrust into her harder and faster, holding her hips to keep her steady.
Fortunately for me her sister obviously wanted a good chat, so I just kept
going. Suzy was struggling to keep quiet, so to really get her attention
I pulled my cock out from her pussy and pressed it against her arse hole.
!!

"No!!" Suzy cried out, looking back at me with some
concern. I looked down at her and rocked my hips so my cock
pressed right against her tight little hole.

"Oh, I've got a friend
over, I thought they were going to drop something", Suzy stammered into
the phone, still looking at me with some concern. "Look, I've really
got to go, I'll call you later", she continued. I slid my cock back
into her pussy and fucked her fast. Moments later Suzy lifted her
head from the phone. "You bastard", she shouted angrily, just before
I pumped my come into her. "You know that's out of bounds", she continued,
referring to getting her arse fucked.

"I know" I replied, "had you
worried though, didn't I?" Slipping out from between her spread legs,
I picked up the ballgag and pushed it back into her mouth. Despite
her head shakings and mmmmphs I buckled the strap behind her neck rendering
her mute.

"Well, a blow-job and a fuck, all by 10 o'clock, I wonder what else
I'll get by lunch time", I said and laughed. Suzy was genuinely
pissed off now, so to keep her sweet, I fetched the vibrator from the bag
of gear and holding it against her clit turned it on high. I kept
stroking her pussy lips and vibrating her clit until Suzy crashed into
a loud orgasm, panting and straining against her bonds. Without letting
her recover, I kept the vibrator in place and used my fingers inside her
pussy to make sure she climaxed again, pumping her hips into the pillows
underneath her.

"Now you can rest while I shower", I told her, as I undid the ropes
holding her legs spread to the bed. Suzy closed her legs, squeezing
her thighs together, and rolled off the pillows and onto her side.
As I got off the bed Suzy called out through her gag to untie her hands,
waving them behind her. Ever, the gentleman, (but still a pervert
at heart), I untied the rope shoulder harness keeping them high up her
back, but left them securely cuffed and went for my shower.

Returning from the shower I found Suzy, still handcuffed, ballgagged
and blindfolded, sitting on the edge of the bed, her towelling robe off
her totally but stuck on her arms, trapped by the handcuffs. I climbed
onto the bed and sat behind her. Removing the belt from her robe,
I tied Suzy's elbows together. Then using the key I freed her wrists
from the hinged handcuffs, releasing the robe to fall to the floor.
I gave her a hug and kissing her neck, said "Just once more, and if you’re
good I'll let you loose". I cupped her breasts, tweaking her nipples
as she reached her hands up behind her to stroke my now hard cock.
Unbuckling her ballgag, I eased the ball out from behind her teeth and
kissed her deeply.

Laying myself down on the bed, I guided her astride me and down onto
my waiting cock. I held her tits firmly as Suzy used her hips and
thighs to fuck me, pausing only to grind her pussy down onto me harder.
When she was suitably close to coming, I rolled her off me and face down
on to the bed, then picking her up by the hips thrust my cock hard into
her. With the gag now off, Suzy came both quickly and loudly.
Holding tightly onto her hips, I kept thrusting into her until I too exploded
into her.

Relaxing on the bed, I removed Suzy's blindfold and then untied her
elbows. We rested, talked, then eventually got up, dressed and went
out for a pub lunch together where we talked some more.

We both agreed that the sex together was great, but knew from past experience
that living together just didn't work. Although we both felt strongly
about each other we also both wanted new partners and experiences, so it
was a case of 'just friends' for the moment but if either of us needed
the other there was an open invitation to 'play' together. I left
Suzy's and headed home Saturday afternoon, both happy and sad.
I'd just had the most intense and best sex ever those last two days but
was unsure how things would pan out from there.

Arriving home I checked the answer-phone and discovered the two messages
from Sophie. It looked like Saturday night would be entertaining
after all.

As for what turned out to be my final encounter with Sophie, I'll write
soon.

2001

10.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
