---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A New Beginning
authors:
- Voodoo
tags:
- Sbf
- bodysuit
- rubber
- cons
- X
---

I’ve been reading the accounts of many of you and decided to tell you
one of my experiences. I have two fictional stories which were published
on this group but the story I am about to tell is true.

I was alone on Saturday afternoon and decided that after reading a lot
of stories it was time for a first selfbondage experience. I had never
gone to the point were I was stuck until the release mechanism gave me
access to the key.

First I put on a condom as not get my ‘clothes’ dirty. This because
I don’t have the possibility to use the washing machine without giving
my secret away to my family. I proceeded to put on isothermic underwear
in the form of a full bodysuit closely fitting nicely around my whole body.
Over this I put a pair of shorts made from neoprene, the kind they advertise
that makes you lose weight. I wrapped three connected neoprene belts of
about 30cm wide around my waist. These are advertised to have the same
effect as the shorts.

By doing this everything is ‘locked’ in place and gives me a feeling
of already being in bondage. It also makes it more difficult to bend, almost
like being corseted. I put some tape over my wrists to prevent chafing
later and quickly continued. I adjusted two legwarmers over my legs and
then came the tying part. I fixed a long scarf with my handcuffs knotted
in it around my waist fixing the cuffs in the small of my back and decided
to set up the release mechanism before continuing with the scarfs.

As a backup I decided to put one key on the bathroom floor after this
I locked the door and put the key for this high on the stairs forcing me
to climb if I decided to get out early. The actual key I put on a string
in the kitchen and this I connected to a needle fixed in a scented candle.
This would give me about 40 minutes of real bondage before I could reach
the key.

I proceeded back to the living room and tied my legs completely together
with a 3m long scarf. I then put a foam ball in my mouth and over this
I put a mask people use under their helmets during the winter. I the continued
with a mask in neoprene covering the lower half of my face. (This is the
type of mask one uses in extreme cold; it has small holes in front of the
mouth) I also have a complete hat (mask) with the same thing incorporated,
which I put on as well. I then pulled a woollen ski-mask over this and
fixed the whole thing with a scarf around my neck.

By doing this I reduced my hearing, gagged myself (although I could
still breath if I bit down on the ball) all the layers prevented me from
spitting the ball out and the scarf acted as a soft posture collar as the
movement of my head was reduced drastically but not completely. I hopped
to the kitchen and lit the candle and quickly :-) returned to the living
room. I blindfolded myself with yet another scarf and before chickening
out I cuffed myself. I was now formally stuck in my first inescapable selfbondage.

I tried to relief myself but I couldn’t reach it and everything was
wrapped up well so I all I could do was wait. After a while I heard the
key drop and started to make my way to the kitchen where after a 10 minute
search I located the key and released my hands from their position, I undid
the rest of my bonds and immediately relieved myself.

I hope you like my account and welcome any comments.
If you have any suggestions or even (for the ladies) dares do not hesitate
to make them.
I have already started thinking about the next time.
voodoo

2001
