---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/at_his_mercy.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: At His Mercy
authors:
- Selfhelp
tags:
- Sbm
- cyber-slave
- cons
- X
date: 2003-05-05 00:00:00
---

At His Mercy
by Selfhelp
At His Mercy by Selfhelp
Friday

 Friday is MY day.  All to my own.  And without commercial
interruptions.  This is important because the main self bondage location
is my office suite.    As I am driving to my office I think
about what is in store for me, smiling, but also  just a little nervous. 
All my gear is there and it will take me about 45 minutes to set up before
I closed the combination lock.  At the office is make sure blinds
are drawn and doors secured.

 The scenario had been sent to me two days earlier to make sure
I had all that was required.  Chain?  Check.  Locks? 
Check.  Pantyhose?  Check.   What?  Pantyhose? 
Well, there IS a first time for everything.  It was surprising how
stretchable even a cast off pair of my (petite) wife’s pantyhose is. 
Also surprising how smooth it felt against my legs.  Okay, now I was
feeling slutty.  But a promise was a promise.

 First the T shaped plug inserted; next the pantyhose;  and
now the chain girdle, formed by a long length of chain around my waist,
then down through my crotch and locked in back then back again through
crotch on other side of genitals, and locked in front (this took three
locks).  The collar  is locked on.  Ankle cuffs are locked
on.  Wrists cuffs, locked on.  (8 locks now)  Next the long
chain is prepared, pulled through the underside supports of one of those
metal folding tables which is held in the corner of my office with a heavy
desk on one side and a full filing cabinet on the other.  The chain
is long, but measured so that when I’m locked to it I’ll have just enough
leeway (about four feet) to sit in my chair at the computer.  Next
the cock cage (metal and leather) is locked on, and then the rest of the
girdle chain comes up through the D ring on my collar and locked back to
the girdle.  Another short chain connects my wrists cuffs and I’m
ready to lock the middle of that chain to the chain hanging from my collar.  
Almost ready now.

 One last check. Have I missed anything?  All the keys to
the 14 locks are in the back room.  I reach down and lock my ankle
cuffs together with another lock.  Guess I’ll have to take really
short steps now;  NOT that I’m going anywhere.  The long chain
is  ready, and I use another lock to connect it to the cock cage. 
All the toys are handy, and a yellow pitcher is placed on the floor for
use.   All that’s left is to lock myself in place to the long
chain with the combination lock.   You know the feeling; that
feeling of anticipation, nervousness, even a little fear.  But you
also know that you will do it; that you have to do it.  After all,
a promise is a promise.  Deep breath, and it’s SHOW TIME.

 I pick up the lock, pull the shank through two links, test the
chain to make sure the length is just right and I can reach everything
I need.  Another deep breath as I slowly engage the shank and push
it into the body of the round combination lock. It hardly makes a noise
to let me know that I am now a prisoner.

 Onto the net now, as I dial up and connect, pull up email and
start to compose.  Subject:  I am ready.   Message:  
“Here I am at 10:30 a.m. Master, bound per your instructions, nervous,
sweating, anticipating, needing.”  That’s all that ‘s necessary, and
I can only await a reply if any.  So now, I have the rest of the day. 
Am bound very well I think. Forced to wear pantyhose and chained so they
won’t come off without ripping them off, plugged (thank God it’s not a
vibrating plug), cock is caged and my hands can’t reach it.  
Oh, did I mention that my cock is hard now?

 I pour myself another cup of coffee, and start to read bondage
newsgroups, then web pages.  I look in on IRC #selfbondage channel;
nothing happening there.  Some web pages look interesting.  Ah,
but it’s 11 am now and time for my half hourly report.  There is email
acknowledging my sign in and I reply with a status report, detailing everything
I’ve mentioned here.  The two cups of coffee are starting to be felt. 
Back to business now.  I pull up a popular messenger service, for
I announced in the Yahoo Self bondage group that I would be available for
chat today, and there are two messages.  I start a conversation with
one who is a tv, in the process of dressing up for his day.  This
of course is not my thing (except for pantyhose today), and the coffee
is working on me and I need to seek permission to pee.  So I sign
off and pull up my Permit program.  Ooops! 11:30 and time for a report,
which I prepare and send.  Email to me says he is pleased with my
progress so far.

 The Permit program is a program I wrote that when run controls
when I get to urinate.  Of course I must steel myself and vow to be
faithful for it would be so easy to grab the little yellow pitcher and
cheat any time.  The program starts and asks if I want permission
to pee.  I answer with a “y” of course and am immediately instructed
to pinch and twist and roll my nipples while I wait.  After a random
wait of up to 20 seconds, I am instructed to type a line specified. 
The line varies in length but revolves around asking permission of my Master
to pee.  The trick is that the line is now mixed up with upper and
lower case and stray characters thrown in for good measure.  It’s
not so hard right now to type it back verbatim.    Good
.  Now I am instructed to do a task instead of getting permission. 
The first task is simply to kneel on the floor with hands behind head and
wait till given permission to rise and sit again.  This timing is
random as is other timing in the program.  Another repetition and
this time the task is to attach nipple clamps, and wait.   And
so on.  But here is one task I dread, for instead of obtaining permission
to pee, I have to drink ¼ glass of water!   Aaaggghh….   
Gulp.  Again.  Ask permission.  Refused.  Do another
task.  This time it’s the nipple weights.  I attach the nipple
clamps and look at the weights.  They are five six-sided cylinders,
sockets I think they’re called, and each one larger and heavier than the
first one and each has two holes in the top.  Attached to my nipple
clamps leash is a metal bent rod through which each randomly selected weight
can be threaded.  Maybe just one weight; maybe all five; it will vary,
and the order will vary.  For instance this first time I was commanded
to put weight # 2 on first.  Ok, not so bad.

Then I pressed ‘enter” in the program and was commanded to put on weight
# 5.  ouch!  “Enter”   put on weight # 3.   
And that’s as far as this one went.  Next I had to bend forward so
the weights could swing free and exert their full force on my poor nipples.

 What?  Noon time already?  I hastily prepare my bi-hourly
report, but no email from Master.  I sigh, needing some encouragement.  
Back to the problem at hand now. I seek permission again, and this time
the task is to go to a certain web page and read a self bondage story. 
These stories are of different lengths and I choose one of the longer ones! 
Oooh… agggaghhh.    Back to the program, asking permission,
and this time YES!

 I grab the pitcher and prepare for I know that I’ll only have
x number of seconds and then I must pinch and quit.  I press “Enter”,
and the screen turns yellow and the countdown (random of course) begins:    
8  7   6  5 4 3 2…1  STOP!  NOW!
Ever tried that?  You will learn that you need to “start” stopping
at about the count of 4.
Well, that helped relieve some pressure but not near enough. 
Back to the program, which I will run from now on, still reporting every
half hour, starting to plead for release about 2 pm.  Reading stories
on the web, downloading two pictures at a time when commanded by my program. 
And firing up the web cam to take a couple of pictures to send as commanded
to prove I’m really chained and dressed as required.  Damn. 
The Windows are overloaded with all these programs running, and I suspect
it’s the MSDOS Qbasic program that’s the real culprit.   
Reboot.   Run them all again.  Report.  Seek permission.
Obtain limited permission.

 I’m really floating now.  Ah..  now there’s email at
about 2:30 with the combination!  Hallelujah!    
Wait.   Something’s wrong.  There are four numbers, and
I only need three numbers.  And what's this?   The numbers
are in random order?   Quickly I calculate: that’s 24 combinations!  
I start to try them, but still am a slave to my permit program for permission
to pee.  And that permission doesn’t come in time, for I finally have
to cheat and grab the pitcher.  Ahhh, that feels good.  
Now it’s back to the combinations.

 What really has me stuck is I forget which way to turn the dial
first.  Is it to the left, or to the right?   Damn. 
That’s 48 combinations now..  I ‘ll never make it.   Via
email I inquire which way to turn first and receive the answer 30 minutes
later.  Well, that helps.   But it’s getting later now. 
3 pm.   Between running the Permit program and trying combinations,
I’m getting really frustrated.  But finally about 3:30 pm the real
combination is sent to me.  It’s been … five hours now.  The
longest self-bondage I’ve ever endured.  I’m a little tired but still
mentally high.  My nipples are hurting, my cock is not hard, but none
the worse for wear of course.   The combo lock is released, and
I can now make my way slowly to the back room for all the keys.  After
a self-satisfaction session as a reward I choose a couple of pictures from
the web cam and email them.

 It’s been a good day.   Any day for self-bondage is
good.  And the next time will be great, too.  Ahhh… the next
time.   Say, about next Friday?
