---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/troubleinfairyland5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Trouble in Fairyland 5: Meanwhile, Elsewhere in the Forest...'
authors:
- Cropsncuffs
tags:
- F+/m
- capture
- majick
- bond
- vines
- bdsm
- collar
- tease
- torment
- sex
- oral
- climax
- reluct/cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Trouble in Fairyland 4: Snow White Turned**](troubleinfairyland4.html))

**Chapter 5: Meanwhile, Elsewhere in the Forest...**

Big Bad Wolf rose from the lake and snarled at the sky as he felt the warm sunshine on his wet fur. He shook himself from head to toe as he walked out of the warm water and agreed with himself that life felt good.

He inhaled deeply, filling his broad chest and roared at the day in a sheer joy of being alive. Glancing about to check he had emerged from the lake at the right point he set off through the forest toward his house and a welcoming breakfast.

“Hello Wolfie” The disembodied voice seemed to drift from out of the very air and brought Big Bad Wolf to a dead stop, his senses straining to see the person who had spoken.

“My, my, Wolfie” the gentle voice came again, “You are getting nervous in your old age”

He glimpsed a figure in virginal white drifting through the trees towards him and an unfamiliar scent caressed his twitching nostrils. Then she emerged into the clearing. Tall, blonde and willowy. Her hair curled soft about her shoulders, her skin was fair and in her hand was a faintly glowing wand.

“Hello Galinda” The Wolf said softly, “Long time no see”

“You’ve been a bad boy Wolfie” she said simply, “I’ve heard all about what you did to Red Riding Hood. How could you ?”

Big Bad Wolf chuckled and shrugged wide muscular shoulders.

“What can I say ?” he replied, “I was made an offer I couldn’t refuse”

The figure in white pulled a face and waved her wand. There was the magical sound of a distant bell chime and a much closer rustling sound as two plants wound their way swiftly about Big Bad Wolf’s ankles and pulled tight.

“Hey” he shouted, “Just because you are the Good Witch of the East does not give you the right to hex me bitch” He took a wild swing at the Witch and she laughed as she took a floating pace back and his paw sliced empty air.

“Behave you foolish Wolf” she snapped, “Now tell me how you could do that to Red Rding Hood. She was your lover for goodness sake”

A smile twisted Bad Wolf’s muzzle.

“Goodness never came into her loving I can assure you Witch bitch.”

The Good Witch of the East swished her wand and the vines about Big Bad Wolf’s ankles jerked forwards sending him crashing onto his back. The wind knocked out of him he scrabbled to regain his feet a fraction late as vines grabbed his wrists and jerked tight. He found himself tightly spreadeagled on the ground at her feet. He snarled impotently as he fought the grip of magical vines.

“I shall ask you once again Wolfie” she said sweetly, “What did you get in exchange for handing over poor Red ?”

Big Bad Wolf stared silently up at the Good Witch but said nothing.

“I mean, you and her were lovers for years. And you know damn well she would have taken you back if you had asked. And it’s not like you want for company Wolf”

A look flickered across his features and the Witch laughed.

“Oh my dear Wolfie you really should get the anti-scrying charms looked at in your house sometime. I was watching you and that rather fetching red furred Wolfess having a high old time a few nights back”

“She’s not a Wolf” snarled Big Bad Wolf, “She’s a fox”

“She’s a naughty little Vixen I know that” said the Witch, “But she did look very fetching in that back leather outfit I must admit. But I bet you wouldn’t want all your band to know how much the Big Bad Wolf has come to enjoy collar and leash games, would you ?”

Big Bad Wolf regarded her silently, suddenly wary.

“Very well” said the Witch, “I can see I shall have to force it out of you”

There came the distant magical chime again and The Wolf gave a howl as the vines jerked tighter about his limbs and a flat creeper rose alongside his head.

“You might as well enjoy the experience properly” the Witch said as the creeper wound itself about Big Bad Wolf’s throat and pulled itself firmly tight. “Right, that’s your collar and bondage taken care of, now for your ritual humiliation”

Bit Bad Wolf looked frantically about, pulling desperately at his bonds and all the time he could hear the Witch laughing as he struggled.

He let out a yelp as he felt something touch his cock. Suddenly very still he looked down his hairy body to watch in helpless horror as a vine wrapped itself about him, started to squeeze firmly and rhythmically and his body reacted in the only way it knew how.

“Come on Wolfie” the Witch chided, “Tell me the truth before ultimate indignity” He let out another involuntary cry and the Witch smiled down at him, “Oh, didn’t I mention that little plant stem underneath you ? If you do not tell me the truth and quickly all of Fairyland will know the Big Bad Wolf enjoys being raped and wanked by Foxes and plants. Is that really what you want ?”

Big Bad Wolf cursed her then let out a wail as the plant beneath him pressed itself hard between his tightly clenched buttocks.

“OK, OK” he relented, “She offered me something I wanted really badly”

“And that was ?” There was a pause before a sudden thrust from the plant beneath released Wolfie’s tongue again.

“Rapunzel” he gasped, “She offered me Rapunzel”

“Rapunzel ? That slapper ? Why on earth would you want her when you could have had Red ?. Red had class”

Big Bad Wolf shrugged, then let out a relieved gasp as the vine about his cock withered away and his erection swiftly subsided.

“Well, whatever your reason” snapped the Good Witch of the East, “We will have to make some sort of plan to rescue them. Who knows what terrible things the Evil Queen is putting them through.”

“Nothing Red wouldn’t enjoy” he snarled, “Now let me up”

“Now, now, Mr. Wolf” she said with a smile, “A couple of old friends of yours will be along soon and they are really looking forwards to seeing you again. I have given them the release word but I think they want a few words with you before they do.”

And with that she as gone and Big Bad Wolf lay alone in the sunshine.

“Well. well, Mr. Wolf, fancy seeing you here”

Big Bad Wolf twisted his head to see two fat women standing at his feet. They wore long white dresses that did little to conceal their ample curves and their faces had a terrible Porcine turn to their features. For a moment Big Bad Wolf couldn’t place them, then he remembered them in their far distant days of youth.

“Hello girls” he said softly, “Been a long time since I saw any of the Little pigs”

“Been a long time since we saw you Wolfie” said one as they both dropped to their knees, one either side of him, “We did call on you but I guess we just aren’t your type any more ?”

Two hands started to caress his dense chest hair, and despite himself Big Bad Wolf felt his cock twitching.

“We heard all the rumours about you” said one of the pigs, “and we were even up for a threesome, but you never even had the courtesy to reply to us” One slapped his chest playfully, “Naughty Wolfie”

Big Bad Wolf let out a yelp as he felt fingers curling around the soft velvety fur about his testicles, rolling them gently about in a wickedly soft caress. There were gasps as his Wolfie cock sprang to attention, and he let out a low growl as a piggie hand grasped the shaft and started to pump up and down with slow, rhythmic strokes that could have only one effect.

“Well Mr. Wolf” said one of the Little Pigs as she pumped his rapidly growing erection, “It looks as if all the rumours were all true”

There was a swift movement, a flurry of white cloth and she sank down on Big Bad Wolf’s raging erection, letting out a sigh as she enveloped it’s raging length in a single, swift movement.

Big bad Wolf thrust back with his hips, growling wildly as the Little Pig tried to pin him down with her weight, riding the spreadeagled Wolf for her own pleasure.

A breath by his ear made him pause, and Wolfie turned his head to look the other Little Pig in the eye.

“Save some of your energy Mr. Wolf” She said softly, “I want my fun as well you know”

In a single fluid movement she stood, brought a foot down on either side of the helplessly spreadeagled Big Bad Wolf’s face and lifted her long skirt. There was a brief glimpse of pale flesh, then Big Bad Wolf’s world was one of a warm soft darkness as she settled her ample curves on his muzzle and demanded he lick for all if he ever wanted to be released.

As the warm haze of afterglow faded Big Bad Wolf sighed to himself, utterly replete. The two Little Pigs had swapped and swapped about as they had taken their pleasures of him, and Wolfie had enjoyed every moment of his wild abandoned bondage. Now, as the sun set he purred softly as the two girls curled up alongside his still bondaged body, each with an arm about his broad chest snoring gently.

Then, as one they rose and looked down at him.

“Come on babe” he said softly, “We’ve all had our fun. Now let me up, there’s good Little Piggies and Wolfie will be round again soon to put a real smile on your faces again”

But they both shook their heads.

“Our sister will be along soon Mr. Wolf, and she is the one with the word to release you. So don’t you be going anywhere” And then they were gone.

Big Bad Wolf hurled himself at his leafy bonds in frustration, cursed loudly, then lay back panting at his exertions.

“Why Mr. Wolf, what a fine place to find you”

Big Bad Wolf glared up into the setting sun and made out another large female shape. Only this one had a waist nipped in by a tight leather corset, and wore a long skirt of black leather that fell to the floor.

“The Good Witch of the East tells me you enjoy being a bad boy” the last of the Little Pigs said, “And I like taming bad boys”

She knelt down by his head and moments later Big Bad Wolf felt the collar being fastened tight about his throat. He could smell the leather and part of him rejoiced at the rattle of the strap through the buckle as it drew tight about him

He gave out a soft moan as he felt his bruised and battered Wolfie manhood start to swell again, then howled as the leather clad Little Pig slipped a mass of straps about his muzzle and pulled them tight, silencing his all but the faintest of his cries and moans. A leash was snapped to the collar, then she uttered a faint and obscure word.

The foliage withered in an instant and Big Bad Wolf rolled over swiftly, ready to pull away. The leather clad Little Piggie jerked the leash hard and Wolfie went tumbling, finally coming to rest on all fours. He made to rise again and found his limbs locked in position.

“Oh, didn’t I mention the collar ?” asked the Little Piggie innocently “It’s magic, and down there you stay until I choose to let you up my lad. Now come along”

She gave the leash a tug and an obedient Big Bad Wolf trotted after her, his head down, blushing beneath his thick grey fur, and as he looked up at the swaying of the Little Pig’s glorious leather sheathed arse he felt a fast growing erection between his legs. Maybe life with the Little Pigs would be fun after all.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=274.0)

12.12.12

story continues in [**Trouble in Fairyland 6: A Tour of the Cellars**](troubleinfairyland6.html)

o0o
