---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bride_of_the_sungod02.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bride of the Sun God
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- MF/f
- bondage
- slave
- nc/cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Bride of the Sun God**](bride_of_the_sungod01.html))_

_\*
**The
Star Fleet Series**
Bride
of the Sun God 
by
Zack_

_Chapter 2_

_It was almost noon before Thar arrived at the Xenology office. He had
questioned three Sun Priestesses the previous day and this had been so
strenuous that he slept late. When he got to his office he found his assistant,
Ensign Zoe Latour, working at her computer. He paused to admire her. Zoe
was wearing the regulation uniform, but she must have had it custom made
because it looked like it had been sprayed on her voluptuous body. She
also had a stunningly beautiful face, and this combination never failed
to arouse him. So far questions of military propriety had kept him from
making any advances, but his resolve grew weaker every day._

_"Good morning, Thar."_

_Thar broke out of his erotic trance and replied, "Oh, good morning,
Zoe. What are you doing?"_

_"I'm checking the list of equipment that Ms. Erig requisitioned for
her visit to the planet yesterday. She had enough weaponry to conquer the
place. I expect that she was disappointed that she didn't get to use all
of it, but why did she expend three incendiary devices?"_

_"I don't know. All she was supposed to do was look around a bit and
ask a few questions."_

_"I've heard whispers about some of the things she's done, especially
on the more primitive planets. 'Ruthless' doesn't come close to describing
it. 'Vicious' is closer, but that's still not strong enough. Of course,
she's paid a price; once I saw her naked in the medical office, and her
body is a mass of scars. It's marked her face too; she looks so hard and
cruel. I'm surprised that you and she have a relationship, because I've
heard that you prefer softer, more compliant women." Zoe clasped her hands
behind her neck and pushed out her chest._

_Thar gulped and quickly sat down behind his desk. He tried to keep his
mind on his work, but thoughts of Zoe kept interfering. He was glad when
it was time to break for lunch; he wanted to go to his quarters and change
his underwear._

_Thar had just entered his quarters when there was a knock and Zoe entered
the compartment and casually locked the door. "Thar, I have a question
about something I saw when I accidentally activated a scenario on the holodeck
the other night. It featured a woman who was captured by desert raiders.
They tie her hands and feet and leave her in a tent, and she squirms and
wiggles until she comes. This seemed so phony. I don't believe a grown
woman could be kept immobilized by some rope, and it's not possible that
it could be arousing. You've been to many places and seen a lot of strange
things; do you think that holodeck scenario was realistic?_

_"Well, ah, it could be. I've heard that some women find restraint arousing,
and it may be possible to tie someone so that they can't release themselves."_

_"I don't believe it. I'll bet that I could get loose no matter how tightly
I was tied, and it wouldn't be a turn-on. Let's try an experiment; here's
some rope, use it to tie my hands." She handed Thar a large coil of soft
rope. "Wait a minute, I don't want to muss my uniform." With a few deft
movements Zoe stripped down to her panties._

_Zoe's story didn't fool Thar for a second, but he was not a bit reluctant
to play along. He turned her around and tied her hands palm-to-palm. He
tied her elbows and pulled them together until Zoe gasped. She wasn't thin,
so Thar's ropes put plenty of strain on her arms even though her elbows
wouldn't meet. If she were truly a beginner this was rough treatment, but
he suspected that she was not nearly as naive as she pretended._

_He sat her on the edge of his bunk and crossed and tied her ankles.
Then he rolled her onto her stomach and looped a doubled rope around her
bound ankles and forced them towards her head. He ran an end of the rope
under each armpit, over the shoulder, and tied them together at the back
of her neck as he pushed on her legs. When he finished her back was arched
and she was starting to moan. "There you are, Zoe. See if you can get loose
from that."_

_Thar was right; Zoe did have previous experience with bondage. When
she was at the Academy her boyfriend liked to tie her up, but he was so
afraid of hurting her that she was always able to escape. This was the
first time that she had been tied by somebody who knew how to do it, and
she knew in a flash that she wasn't going to free herself. She squirmed
on the bunk, and the friction on her nipples caused them to harden._

_Thar said, "Here's something to help with the arousal". He looped a
rope around Zoe's waist and tied a taut-line hitch. He rolled her onto
her side and tightened the loop around her waist so the knot was in her
navel; the hitch kept it from loosening. He put the end of the rope between
her legs, around the wrist ropes, and back to the front where he pulled
it tight and tied it off after centering it in her slit. After a moment's
thought he rolled her back onto her stomach. Zoe squirmed, gasped, and
moaned. She could feel her panties getting damp._

_Pami Erig tried to open Thar's door but it was locked. She knew the
lock code, so she punched it in and entered the compartment. When she heard
the gasps and moans her face hardened into an expression that would have
been recognized by many of her previous opponents, if they had still been
alive. She looked at Thar's groin, where his erection tented his trousers,
and snarled, "If your prick was soft and wet you'd be a dead man right
now."_

_"Wait, Pami! Zoe just wanted to find out if she could escape if she
was tied up. That's all there was to it." This explanation sounded implausible
to Thar even while he was saying it, and he glanced around furtively to
see if any weapons were handy._

_Violence was postponed when the ship's annunciator called all field
survey officers to an emergency meeting in the wardroom. Thar was careful
to stay between Zoe and Pami as he urged Pami out the door. She gave Zoe
another glare, but let herself be crowded out into the passageway. Thar
followed and locked the door behind him. He heard a cry of protest from
Zoe, but that was a minor problem right now. He stayed close to Pami until
they reached the wardroom._

_When all of the available field survey officers had assembled Captain
Goda spoke: "You all know that we haven't been able to contact Sonji Regan
since she reported that she was at the employment agency in Manufru, and
information obtained by Erig and Mahoon indicates that she was forced to
become a Bride contestant. A few minutes ago we received a transmission
from her communicator, and we now have a confirmation that she is in the
Temple of the Sun God in Lanudu."_

_"Did she say anything, Captain?"_

_"No, the transmission only lasted for a few seconds, and nothing was
said." Captain Goda declared, "We are going to rescue Sonji, no matter
what it takes. The First Directive regularly gets bent if it interferes
with an operation, and if we have to trash it now we will. I've alerted
the Space Marines, and they will be ready if we need them."_

_Thar objected, "The temple is huge and we don't know where she is. If
we have to search room-by-room the population will become alarmed, and
it is also possible that the priests will kill the contestants. We have
to put somebody into the temple to locate Sonji before we can attack."_

_"You reported that only the contestants and their attendants can enter
that part of the temple. How do we get around that?"_

_Erig spoke up, "We have to impersonate a contestant and her entourage.
We need a Guard, an Attendant, and the Bride. I'll be the Guard, Mahoon
can be the Attendant, and I have a perfect candidate to be the Bride. But
we don't have much time, and there are problems: We don't have the costumes
we need and we don't know what they look like in detail. Also, Brides are
from specific districts, so we can't just show up at the door of the temple
as an anonymous entry. What we have to do to get around these problems
is find a real contestant group and persuade them to let us take their
place. I checked the surface surveillance scans and the AI is still tracking
several contestants; those costumes make them easy to locate. We were hoping
that one of them would be Sonji, but it does mean that we know where to
find somebody to switch with."_

_Captain Goda ordered, "Very well, Ms. Erig, that is what we'll do. You
and Ms. Mahoon enter the temple and find Sonji. You'll also decide the
optimum time to effect the rescue, since this is so dependent on unknown
conditions. Carry what weapons and equipment you need, and you are authorized
to use as much force as you think is necessary. Who's the Bride?"_

_"Ensign Latour. The Bride has to be beautiful, and she is at least that."_

_Thar protested, "But Zoe isn't a qualified field surveyor yet! She's
hasn't had field training and she won't know what to do."_

_Erig replied, "Don't worry, she has a very passive role. I'll take good
care of her."_

_Thar was afraid he knew what that meant, so he pleaded with Captain
Goda, "Let me go with them, at least until they enter the temple."_

_"No, I need you for other duties. I'm sure Erig and Mahoon can cope
with any crisis."_

_Captain Goda continued, "This meeting is over. Thar, you stay here for
the briefing of the Space Marine officers. The rest of you are dismissed."_

_Erig and Mahoon left together, and when they were in the passageway
Mahoon said, "This sounds like fun, Pami, and I'm glad you asked for me.
But what's happening between you and Thar? The last person who received
that scowl was that bandit you were torturing."_

_"That scum has been two-timing me with that Zoe slut, Swa." Erig appeared
to be, and was, self-sufficent and sure of herself, but not too many men
were attracted to her, and she was easily wounded by rejection. She had
really loved Thar, so his betrayal was worse. She swore to herself that
this would be the last time she would let a man hurt her._

_Then she had a pleasant thought. "Thar is going to be in that meeting
for some time, isn't he?"_

_"Yeah, those meetings with the Marines can drag on for hours. Why do
you ask?"_

_"No reason." Erig smiled. Mahoon was glad that something had cheered
her up._

_\* \* \*_

_Time was running short. The contestants had to be in the temple by sundown
tomorrow, which meant that the exchange would have to be made tonight.
Bridium's surface had been continually scanned and the AI was programmed
to search the images for the costumes worn by a Bride and her attendants.
Erig and Mahoon entered the surveillance compartment, and Erig asked, "See
anything that looks good, Hal?"_

_The surveillance technician replied, "Yes, Ms. Erig. There's a group
on a canal boat to the southwest of Lanudu. They've been easy to track
because they spend a lot of time on top of the cabin. I guess they want
the sunshine; this is the only time of year that there's more sun than
clouds, which is lucky for us."_

_"Those boats travel all night. It's going to be hard to make an unobtrusive
switch on a moving boat. We'd have to take out the boatmen and any other
passengers, and then there'd be a mysteriously abandoned boat left behind."_

_"Most boats do travel all night, but this one will have to stop. The
canal merges with a river, and the river is blocked by a low dam. There's
an opening the boats go through, but it's like a rapids, and the helmsman
needs daylight to run it. This boat won't get there until after dark, so
the passengers will spend the night at an inn and take another boat in
the morning."_

_"This sounds good. Is there any other group that looks better?"_

_"No, ma'am. All of the other groups are traveling by coach, and we don't
have an exact fix on their location."_

_"How built-up is the area? We're going to have to land the shuttle close
by."_

_"It's sparsely populated. The area is mostly marshland and there isn't
much agriculture."_

_"All right, we'll go with this one. Map out a place where the shuttle
can land and all the routes we'll have to take; we don't want to end up
floundering in a swamp. Swa, you round up a crew and I'll get the equipment
assembled. Find some Marines who'll do as we tell them."_

_The shuttle launched from the Interloper after sunset. Erig and Mahoon
again used the parasails; they would land first and check out the shuttle
landing zone to be sure that no locals were around when the shuttle touched
down. They launched from the shuttle and on the glide down they circled
over the landing zone, a high spot in the marsh, and continued on to land
a few hundred meters from the inn. They didn't detect any hidden observers
and the shuttle landing proceeded as planned, almost a kilometer from the
inn. The support team was six Space Marines; if all went as planned they
would never be seen by the local inhabitants._

_Erig and Mahoon were again disguised as Espians. They concealed themselves
outside the entrance to the inn until the canal boat arrived, and then
entered just before the passengers and found seats in the main room. Their
timing was perfect; the passengers thought that they had been there all
along, and the innkeeper thought they arrived on the canal boat._

_The passengers entered the inn and most of them ordered food. The Bride
group was among these, and when they had finished their meal Erig and Mahoon
approached them. Erig said, "Excuse me, but I noticed your costumes. We
heard about the choosing of the Bride, but we are recently arrived in this
country, and this is unusual to us. Could you explain what it means?_

_The Guard answered, "Of course. Please sit down."_

_Erig and Mahoon sat down and Erig said, "Thank you. We are enjoying
our tour of your country, but talking to people we meet is the best part.
Can we buy you drinks? She beckoned to the serving wench and ordered a
round of beers. She asked, "What part of Bridium do you hail from?"_

_The Guard answered, "We're from Exaihu, a city southwest of here."_

_"Does every city have a Bride in the contest?"_

_"Some cities have more than one; the contestants come from districts.
Our district is Exaihu 3."_

_Erig said to herself, 'Thank you! That's what I needed to know.' To
the Guard she said, "I suppose no one wants to be Bride. Is that why your
contestant is chained?"_

_"That's the way it started, but now most contestants consider it a civic
duty, and the chains are just a traditional part of the costume. She's
not really restrained; show her, Cala." The Bride's wrists were in bronze
cuffs attached to the front of a bronze chain around her waist; she pressed
a button on a cuff and it opened._

_The beer arrived and there was casual conversation while it was consumed.
The Guard bought a round and the talk continued. Finally Erig said, "Thank
you so much for talking with us. We're going to bed now. See you in morning."_

_"We'd better do the same." Everyone went to the desk and rented rooms.
Erig and Mahoon followed the Bride group all the way into their room. The
Guard opened her mouth to protest the intrusion, but before she could say
anything Erig and Mahoon used their phasors to stun all three. Once they
were stunned they were injected with drugs to keep them unconscious. Erig
contacted the support team and directed them to the window of the room,
which was located on a secluded side of the inn. Four of the Marines watched
for intruders and the other two caught the Bride group as Erig and Mahoon
dropped them and their luggage from the window. They would be kept sedated
on the ship until the contest was over._

_Erig and Mahoon managed to sleep until two hours before dawn when the
shuttle landed and the support team contacted them. They were bringing
some equipment and the costumes, modified to fit. Zoe was with them. She
moved stiffly and had trouble climbing the ladder to the window; she held
her arms like she was in pain._

_Mahoon noticed that Zoe's wrists were red and chafed. She asked, "Why
are your wrists all chewed up, Zoe? Have you been playing tie-up games?"_

_Zoe glared at Erig. "I don't want to talk about it."_

_Mahoon shrugged. "Whatever. Here's your costume."_

_The three women dressed in their costumes. Erig, as the Guard, had the
most to put on. The bronze armor had been copied in plastic, as she had
instructed. She hoped her other instructions had also been carried out._

_Zoe put on the gown and sandals of the Bride and she liked the way she
looked; the bodice displayed her breasts to maximum advantage. When Erig
moved to put the chains on her she said, "No way!"_

_"It's part of the costume, Zoe. The chains are just symbolic; you can
open them by pressing these buttons." She demonstrated by closing them
on her own wrists; when she pressed the buttons the cuffs opened._

_Zoe was mollified; she allowed Erig to cuff her hands in front and lock
the chain around her waist. She wasn't happy with the chain connecting
her
ankles, but she decided it was too late to object. She made Erig demonstrate
that those cuffs could also be opened by pressing the buttons._

_The three Star Fleet officers were waiting at the canal port when the
boat arrived. The tickets had been found when the real Guard's effects
had been searched, and the boatman let the group on board after only a
glance at them. They took seats in the cabin; there were other passengers
so they didn't talk. Erig unobtrusively activated her communicator from
time to time so the ship could track them._

_There were a few minutes of excitement when the boat went through the
opening in the dam, but the rest of the trip was uneventful, and Erig and
Mahoon took turns sleeping; Zoe slept for almost all of the trip. When
the boat arrived in Lanudu they hired a carriage and a short ride took
them to the temple. The driver knew which of the many doors was the correct
one; they went through it and found themselves in front of a desk occupied
by a middle-aged woman in the red gown of a temple official._

_The official demanded, "Show me your certificate."_

_Erig handed it over; this document had also been found in the Guard's
effects. The woman said, "Exaihu 3, huh." She checked the name off a list
and used her pen to mark the certificate and the back of Erig's hand with
a cryptic symbol. "Here's your receipt, and you now have the custodial
obligation for your district's contestant. Do you know what that means?"_

_"No, this is the first time I've been a Guard."_

_"You are now personally responsible for your contestant. You have to
be with her any time she isn't chained in her room and you have to make
sure she gets to where she should be. The judging takes place in the Tabernacle,
and you stay with your contestant from when it starts until she has been
disposed of; either to a cubicle, the high priests' quarters, or the sacrificial
altar. And remember this: If you do anything wrong you will be executed.
Understand?"_

_Erig nodded. The official said, "Good. This woman will show you to your
quarters."_

_Their equipment was contained in a carpetbag. Erig picked it up, but
before they moved the official called out sharply, "Wait! The Guard must
always be ready to defend the Bride, so she cannot carry anything except
weapons. The Attendant must take the bag."_

_With a smile, Erig passed the bag to Mahoon. Mahoon accepted it with
a grimace; the bag was small, but the equipment it contained was heavy._

_They followed another woman in a red gown up one corridor and down another
until they were deep inside the temple. It would have been a long walk
for Zoe's chained ankles, but the official pushed her along in a small,
two-wheeled cart; she had to sit in it with her knees against her chest.
Finally they reached a corridor that was dimly lit by oil lamps mounted
on wall brackets. The corridor had many doors on both sides; most of the
doors were open, and small groups of Guards and Attendants were scattered
around._

_The official opened a door, lit a lamp mounted on the wall of the room,
and waved them inside. They entered a room about three meters on a side
that contained a bed, a couple of chairs, a small table, and a washstand.
A door in one corner led to a smaller room, one meter by three, that had
a pallet on the floor and a bronze collar attached by a bronze chain to
a knee-high ring set in the wall. "You two share the outer room and the
Bride goes in here."_

_She wheeled Zoe into the closet-like room, dumped her on the pallet,
and locked the collar around her neck. The length of the chain was just
long enough to let Zoe stand up. The official took a key from a hook and
gave it to Erig. "Here's the collar key."_

_Zoe protested this crude treatment, but the official ignored her and
said to Mahoon, "Come with me and I'll show you where to get food and where
to dump the chamber pot. You got here just in time for the midday meal."_

_Zoe struggled to a sitting position and pushed the buttons on her wrist
cuffs. They moved freely, but nothing happened. She pushed in a button
and tried to pull the cuff open. It was still locked on her wrist. She
shouted, "Hey! I can't get these cuffs off."_

_Erig strolled to the door and calmly viewed the distraught woman. "They
won't open? Something must have broken inside." She made a mental note
to give a bonus to the technician who had rigged the buttons so they would
only work once, just like she asked him to. "We can work on them later.
In the meantime, just relax and enjoy. I know how this turns you on."_

_Yesterday Zoe had spent a very long time hogtied on Thar's bed. It had
been fun for the first couple of hours, but after that pain had swamped
pleasure. Right now her enthusiasm for bondage was at a low ebb. She pleaded,
"At least take this chain off my waist."_

_"Sorry, Mahoon has the key. You'll have to wait until she gets back."_

_"You've got the key to the collar. Surely you can take it off."_

_"I could, but I won't. You heard what that official said; a Guard would
be executed if something went wrong, so she would never risk letting the
Bride loose. If I let you go now it would compromise the disguise. Stop
whining. If you want to be a field surveyor you have to learn to take the
pain with the pleasure; it's not all fun stuff like looting and burning."_

_Zoe continued to plead and argue, so Erig closed the door to the closet
and bolted it shut. Zoe screamed and yelled when she found herself locked
in the dark, but Erig had no trouble ignoring her._

_Mahoon returned to the room carrying a tray loaded with food and drink.
"Here's our lunch, Pami. They have a good selection, so I only took things
I recognized." She put the tray on the table and asked, "Why is Zoe yelling
like that?"_

_Erig piled some food on a plate and started to eat. Between bites she
explained, "She wanted me to let her run around loose. I told her that
it would compromise the disguise, but she didn't like hearing that at all;
I got tired of the noise so I shut the door. When I finish eating I'm going
to scout around the temple. You can feed her after I'm gone."_

_Mahoon ate her lunch, and when Erig left she unbolted the closet door
and took the leftovers in to Zoe. "Here's your lunch, Zoe."_

_"How can I eat while I'm chained up like this?"_

_"I'll feed you."_

_"This is so degrading. Erig is responsible, and I'll see to it that
she pays for all this."_

_"Zoe, were you born stupid or has your brain atrophied because beauty
has greased your slide through life?"_

_"That's not fair! I didn't do anything wrong."_

_"Zoe, Erig loved Thar, and she was deeply hurt by what you did. You
are in her power and she has good cause to hate you. Is it smart to antagonize
her further? Also, she is the ranking officer here and you do call yourself
a Star Fleet officer, so don't you think you should obey her orders? Those
are two excellent reasons for you to shut up and do as you are told."_

_Zoe didn't say anything, but it was obvious to Mahoon that she still
believed herself to be grievously wronged. When Mahoon offered her a spoonful
of food she ate it, but she was not happy. She pouted, "Being fed like
this is so humiliating."_

_"I can put the food in a bowl on the floor and you can root for it.
Is that your preference?"_

_The expression on Zoe's face made it obvious that she had added Mahoon
to her enemies list. In her thoughts Mahoon lamented the decline in the
quality of Star Fleet officers, but she didn't say anything, because she
knew it was impossible to shake Zoe's faith that Zoe was the center of
the universe. When Zoe had been fed Mahoon bolted the door to the corridor
and stretched out on the bed. All this strife was making her tired._

_Mahoon was awakened by pounding on the outside door. She got up and
admitted Erig, who said, "I had quite a tour of the temple. I even got
to see the sacrificial altar. It's very ingenious, in a gruesome sort of
way."_

_"What do they do? Rip out the Bride's heart and offer it to the Sun
God while it's still beating?"_

_"Nothing as crude as that. The sacrifice takes place on the roof of
the Tabernacle. They have this giant mirror, it must be over two meters
by three meters, and it's made from hundreds of little squares of polished
silver. All of them are set so they reflect to the same spot. The whole
thing is mounted on trunnions and counterbalanced so that it's easy to
rotate. It's flipped into position exactly at noon, and the sunlight is
concentrated on the Bride. The priest who gave me the tour has seen a lot
of sacrifices. He said that the mirror produces enough heat to burn a hole
in the Bride's chest and kill her in just a few minutes."_

_"Ugh. What do they do if it's cloudy? Give the Bride a raincheck?"_

_"No, if the Bride isn't sacrificed exactly at noon on the day of the
solstice it doesn't count. The high priest declares that the Bride has
been rejected by the Sun God, and they have to do some penitential ritual.
Naturally, the Bride is declared to be impure and she is taken to a quarry
outside the city and put to death by stoning. This is rare though, because
this time of year is a brief interval between the end of the winter storms
and the start of the summer storms. According to the priest, there hasn't
been a rejected Bride in the last twenty years."_

_"Did you find Sonji?"_

_"No. But I saw only a few Brides. Most of them must be kept chained
in their room; this is even more likely for Sonji, because she was kidnapped."_

_"So what do we do?"_

_"We're going to have to wait until after the contest and get her out
then."_

_"We can wait until then to get Zoe out, too."_

_"Yeah, if we wanted to get Zoe out we'd do it then."_

_Zoe was listening to all of this. She was beginning to believe that
she might be in trouble._

_It wasn't long before an official moved down the corridor announcing
that it was time for the evening meal. Mahoon went off to collect their
food and perform her other tasks. Erig sat in the room and enjoyed the
silence; Mahoon must have convinced Zoe to behave herself._

_When Erig and Mahoon had finished their meal and Zoe had been fed there
wasn't much to do in the dimly lit room. Mahoon left to attend to Attendant
duties and Erig prepared for sleep; she sighed with relief when she took
off the armor. She was surprised that the complaints from Zoe had stopped;
maybe she had finally realized that they wouldn't do her any good. She
looked into the closet and asked, "Do you need anything?"_

_Zoe just shook her head, no. "Good night, then." Erig closed the closet
door and bolted it._

_Erig stripped and washed; there wasn't enough water to do more than
clean her face and hands. She got into bed and pulled the blanket over
her naked body. A few minutes later Mahoon returned to the room. Erig said,
"Be sure to bolt the door."_

_"Got it." Mahoon bolted the door and stripped to her shift. "If we have
to share a bed I'm glad it's as big as this one. I'm not bi."_

_"Of course you're not. And I'm definitely not bi."_

_Mahoon blew out the lamp and the room became totally dark. She removed
her shift and slid into bed. Her bare hip collided with Erig's bare hip
and she recoiled from the contact._

_Erig said, "Don't worry about casual contact. If I wanted to have sex
with you I'd do something like this..." Erig rolled Mahoon onto her back
and climbed on top of her._

_Mahoon opened her mouth to protest but the words were blocked by Erig's
lips and tongue. When the kiss was finally broken off she managed to croak,
"I thought you said you weren't bi."_

_"I'm not. I'm finished with men." Erig accompanied the words with fingers;
one hand gently stroked Mahoon's right breast while the other explored
between Mahoon's thighs._

_Mahoon struggled, but then she realized that Erig's touch felt good;
then it felt more than good as Erig's finger caressed the magic spot. She
thought, 'Why am I fighting this when it's so arousing?' She returned the
kiss and her hands mimicked Erig's hands. Erig started the action, but
Mahoon caught up at the climax._

_After several encores both women slept. It was some time later that
Erig was awakened by a buzzing from the valley between her breasts where
her communicator was nestled. She activated it and listened to the message.
Then she shook Mahoon until she was awake. "Guess what, Swa? The ship just
called to tell us that the shuttle picked up Sonji a few minutes ago. It
seems that she escaped while she was on the boat, but she lost her communicator
so no one knew about it."_

_"You mean we put out all this effort to worm our way into the temple
and Sonji was never here?"_

_"Yeah, but it's not a total waste. Now we have a chance to get rid of
Zoe."_

_"You're joking, of course."_

_"Oh, of course."_

_End of Chapter 2 
**[Bride
of the Sun God](bride_of_the_sungod03.html)**
**[continues
in Chapter 3](bride_of_the_sungod03.html)**_

_Copyright© 2001, 2002 by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments. Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com_

__

_23.07.02_

_story continues in [**Bride of the Sun God**](bride_of_the_sungod03.html)

o0o
