---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/slavesafternoon.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Slave's Afternoon
authors:
- SlaveVMC
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- cuffs
- bfold
- naked
- bdsm
- crop
- susp
- nipple
- torment
- toys
- insert
- oral
- anal
- fpov
- cons/reluct
- XX
date: 2013-04-08 00:00:00
---

You are lounging in your chair in front of the TV while I relax on the sofa reading a book, my feet resting on the ottoman. Every once in a while you glance over to see what I am doing. I am only wearing a collar (as instructed by my master) and a small apron. You smile indulgently at my forgetfulness. Earlier I was cooking dinner for us and I had forgotten to remove my apron afterwards. I look up at you, feeling your gaze on me, then look down at myself and my mouth forms an O. Your grin widens and your eyes grow more intense, waiting for me... I jump up quickly and remove my apron, stuttering my apologies.

"This slave is sorry master; I have forgotten to remove my apron." I begin to cringe under your stare.

"It seems my fuck toy has forgotten her place and must be reminded of her duties." You say as your grin grows ever wider.

"N...No Master. I was just a little lax. It won’t happen again!"

"Bring me the whip," you instruct.

"No... Please?" I beg.

"Are you disobeying me slave?"

I jump up quickly and run to the bedroom grabbing the whip. As I come back, I realize you are still seated in your chair but have removed the boxers you were lounging in. I kneel down in front of you and offer you the whip.

"But first slut," you say," I want you to service me." I glance up, slightly confused, as my eyes dart over at the whip.

"Now!" You repeat strongly. I immediately grasp your hard cock between my hands, enjoying the feel of its soft, ridged texture as my fingers run lightly down its shaft. I lick my lips as I continue to glance sideways at your left hand holding the whip. I resume my attention on your cock and my tongue darts out and begins to lick the tip of your penis, lightly circling the hole. After teasing the head of your cock with my tongue and mouth for a minute or two, I gasp out in shock as the whip smacks my ass, leaving several bright red strips running along my left ass cheek. At the same time, you lean forward and grab my hair, pulling my head far back forcing me to stare into your eyes.

"Slut." You say punctuating the word with another ass whipping. "I did not ask you to play with my cock. You are here for my pleasure."

"Yes master." I eke out as you release your grip on my hair. My mouth immediately encases your hard cock, deepthroating you all the way to the base as I feel your balls touching my chin. I slowly pull my head back until only the head of your cock is still inside my mouth and run my tongue all around it before taking you deeper once again. I slowly start to increase my tempo, bobbing my head faster as I continue to lick and suck your dick, fucking your hard cock with my mouth. You feel my lips moving up and down your penis as my tongue thrashes back and forth.

"Faster." You say, whipping me once again, the pain and shock causing me to take you deep into my mouth and throat again as you let out a small moan of pleasure at the unexpectedly pleasurable sensation. Your right hand moves to rest on the back of my head, encouraging me to increase my speed. I look up and watch as your head leans back and you groan loudly as you grip my hair again to fuck my face... The whip seemingly forgotten in your left hand as its left trailing along my ass.

My hot, wet mouth moves ever faster, increasing to the tempo my master desires. Every few times I feel the pressure of your hand on my head, holding my head still with your cock fully buried in my throat and mouth. As I begin to gag and cough slightly, trying to get air, you let up enough for me to pull my head back just enough to get a gulp or two or air before resuming to fuck my face with abandon.

Out of the blue, I feel your grip in my hair tighten as I am once again shoved all the way on your dick, this time accompanied by your hot cum shooting into my mouth and throat, forcing me to continually swallow load after load until I have consumed every drop.

Your hand releases it grip from my hair as I continue to bob up and down on your sensitive penis as your cock continues to jerk every once in a while. I pull my mouth off your shrinking cock so the head is just in front of my lips and ask as I look at you, "Did this slut please her master?"

You grin down at your submissive slave slut. "A little." You say, "But I have a surprise for my slave. I know how much she likes surprises."

"This slut loves anything that pleases her master."

"Good, that’s my good little slut." You grin again, even wider as you notice my trepidation.

"First, before I show you your surprise..."

"Stand up and spread yourself slut!" You command.

I jump up and step backwards as you rise up from your seat. As I am getting into position, spreading my legs wide, you draw the curtains back that were covering the glass sliding doors to the balcony. Before I can even think to run, I feel myself being shoved up against the glass door, my naked ass cheeks, still red from the whipping earlier, pressed against the glass for anyone to see.

Your mouth crashes down on mine as your right hand mauls my breasts. I gasp in shock at the sudden violence and the cold glass while beginning to shudder from the extreme sensations.

While lost in the sensations, I don’t realize you have taken the opportunity to reach down and pick up a pair of handcuffs until I feel the cold metal encasing both my wrists. I stare down at them, for a moment confused, then back at you.

"First you need to be wearing a few more accessories... Before you get to see your surprise." You say while your 6 foot tall body easily holds my handcuffed wrists above my 5 foot 4 inch body, your left hand continuing to maul and attack my tits with your right hand.

"Why do I need accessories?" I ask, while moaning from the additional sensation of being controlled.

"Is my submissive slut questioning me?" You whisper into my ear which you lick the inside of, knowing how sensitive my ears are there and how it drives me wild.

"No master, I... I'm just curious. I'm sorry master." I babble out, trying to re-orient myself from this barrage of sensations.

Suddenly, I feel myself being yanked forward by my cuffed wrists and thrown over the ottoman in front of the couch. My arms landing beneath me, pinned there with my hands pushed against my pussy by the weight of my body. I feel you holding me down on the ottoman as you rotate it so that my exposed pussy and ass are facing the balcony doors, providing any potential voyeur neighbors a continued look.

"Now," I hear you say, "lay there and play with your dripping pussy while I go grab a few more things from the bedroom. But, under no circumstances, are you to cum without permission."

I whimper a little in response and start to finger my clit, moaning as the intense sensations and realizing just how excited I am currently. I jump as you smack my ass while passing me and heading to the bedroom. I hear you return and look up to see you carrying a blindfold in your hand seconds before I am suddenly plunged into darkness.

"Let’s just test your readiness, why don't we?" You ask.

Before I can even wonder what you mean, I feel you pull me back a bit on the ottoman and plunge two fingers into my wet cunt, hitting my G-Spot just right. I moan in pleasure as my ass wiggles and arches towards your hand. I can hear you chuckle a bit as your fingers encountered no resistance.

"You are drenched my fuck slut. I can feel your wet, sloppy pussy begging for my hard cock." I hear you say as I feel my cunt clenching down on your fingers as you continue to fuck me with your hand. I toss my head from side to side from the pleasure of your fingers fucking me and rubbing against my G-spot. "Master..." I begin to moan, "Your fuck slave needs your hard cock inside of her." I re-position my hands and begin to rub my clit, feeling the additional pleasure shoot up and down my body.

"Does she now? Somehow, I am not convinced so I suggest you try again. What, exactly, is it that you want?" You ask while beginning to fuck my slit with a third finger.

"Your cum slut aches for the feeling of her master's cock filling her up until she bursts. Please master, this slut would do anything to have her master's cock inside of her!" I yell out as the pleasure continues and I feel the start of a massive orgasm building.

"Anything, you say? What would my cum slut do for her master? How would my slut earn this privilege?"

"This slut would do anything to make her master feel pleasure. This fuck slave would squeeze her masters cock until he cums with pleasure inside of her." I reply while trying to moving my hips in time with your hand, causing your fingers to go in deeper.

"While its true your master would enjoy pounding your pussy with his hard cock," you say, "I do not believe my slut has earned the privilege of feeling her master filling her up yet."

With that, you remove your fingers from my pussy and pull me up off of the ottoman. I stand up and try to find my balance on very shaky legs, not knowing what is coming next due to the blindfold still hindering my sight.

"You will continue to finger you pussy until I say otherwise. Remember though: do not cum! If you do, you will be SEVERLY punished!" You emphasize your meaning by spanking my left ass cheek very hard.

"Yes master, this fuck toy understands she must finger her pussy until commanded not to." I pant out while continuing to rub my clit, fighting the orgasm that is ever ready to engulf me.

"That's my good submissive fuck slave." You say as I feel you reach around me and begin to play with my 32C tits and nipples. Somehow, I can feel myself blushing even more, with it spreading down my neck and chest as my nipples get even harder, since I have always been embarrassed about how big my nipples get. At their largest, like they are now, they can get to almost 3/4 of an inch in length. I feel you pinch and tug on my nipples, forcing me to turn so I am now presumably facing you.

Your fingers continue to twist and pull on both my nipples as I moan louder and lean in closer to the pleasure of your hands while I continue to rub small circles around my clitoris. I can feel the orgasm about to overwhelm me when I feel you pull my hand away from my pussy. "That's enough slut. Remember, no cumming!"

I let out a groan from the combination of being denied so close to such an Earth shattering orgasm and your hands having left my tits and nipples. I push my hips and chest out, hoping you will accept my offering and continue to play with me. Instead, I feel some hard rubber objects beginning to squeeze and encase my nipples.

"How do you like that, pet?" you ask.

Before I can answer, you begin to tighten the nipple clamps on my tits and I whimper from the mixture of pain and pleasure.

"Slut! You have not answered your master's question." You say loudly, while tugging on the chain connecting the clamps, causing them to bite down harder on my sensitive nipples.

"OWW! This slave is sorry master. This slut is not used to such... accessories." I cry out as I feel the clamp's teeth biting into my nipple.

"Don't worry, you will get used to them soon enough." I hear you chuckle as I feel some pressure let up from the clamps.

"Now... Come this way." You instruct as I feel the clamps once more tugged on my nipples causing more pleasure/pain to shoot down my nerves. Blindly, I try to follow you, wondering where we are going and what is in store for me next.

"Oh, I almost forgot something," You say as I feel you stop in front of me.

"What . . . ?" I begin to ask until I shriek from the feeling of an additional clamp being attached to my engorged clit. It feels exactly like the nipple clamps, except a thousand times more intense. You tighten the jaws until you can see my face grimace ever so slightly.

"Now you are ready." you say as you attach a leash to my collar and tug me forward pulling on both the clamps and leash. Simultaneously, I feel all three clamps begin to vibrate, causing me to stumble and nearly fall from the incredible sensations washing over my clit and nipples. Luckily, I was able to find my footing in time and continued following you, feeling the embers of my orgasm once again growing while also trying to avoid any undue motions that will send additional pain shooting through my clamped clit or nipples.

Seeing that I am moving too slowly for you, you tug harder on the leash causing me to yelp and stumble forward. At this point, you stop and pull the blindfold off my head, the sudden light temporarily blinding me. After my eyes have adjusted, I begin to look around and realize we are in the bathroom.

"Get in the tub slut." I hear you say.

"You want this slave to take a shower master? Is this slave a dirty slut?" I pant while reaching out to squeeze your hard cock.

"Yes, my fuck toy, you need to be cleaned thoroughly. Now get in before I decide to tighten your clamps." You re-emphasize with a tug on my clamps.

I step gingerly in the tub, the vibrator on my clit getting jostled by my thighs, causing a mixture of pain and pleasure to radiate throughout my body. You reach out and grasp my cuffed hand and pull them over my head.

I look up and notice a rope assembly hanging above me.

You grin at me, "Now I need you to step up on the side of the tub while I attach this."

"But . . ."

"Now!"

I quickly hop up and raise my hands to be attached to the rope and watch you attach the cuffs to the assembly.

"You can step down now slut."

I try to step down but quickly realize that I can barely touch the tub with my tip toes. You grin and look at me as I struggle to stand with my hands tied above me.

"Master this slut cannot stand!"

"That," you emphasize "is the intention.”

"You could stand if you put both feet on the sides of the tub." You say grinning.

You turn on the shower and I scream in shock as the cold water strikes my body. I struggle trying to gain purchase on the slippery tub.

"Master, please . . . ." I say, shivering.

"What is it slut?"

"Master, it’s cold." I finally brace both feet on the side of the tub, my legs spread wide. "Please, it’s too cold."

"Hmm . . . . But you are a dirty little slut. You need cleaning." The next thing I know you have shut off the shower and removed the clamp from my clit. I let out a deep moan and nearly fall as I feel the blood rushing back into it. My moan is turned into a shriek and gasp as you have leaned over and started sucking and licking the droplets from my wet pussy.

As quickly as you start I feel you stop and remove your mouth, only to shove two fingers all the way inside of me and begin to finger fuck me hard and fast. I moan in response as you reach up and tug on the chain to my nipple clamps while continuing to finger me. Your tongue slowly makes its way up my body slowly licking the cold water droplets off my stomach and moving up to my tits. I shiver with the intensity of all the sensations flowing through my body.

I begin to writhe around as the orgasm is growing inside of me and I know, any second now, it will envelop. However, once again, it is over too quickly and I left moan and gasping, teetering on the precipice.

"Stay there slut." You command. "I will be right back."

A very short time later, after I have calmed a bit and able to breathe again, I see you return with my new vibrator in one hand and a whip in the other. The vibrator is designed to be able to stimulate both my G-Spot and clit simultaneously.

I feel you spread my lips and push the vibrator inside my pussy, pressing directly upon my g-spot while the other end is now resting on my engorged clit. I jump in shock and nearly fall from the tub from the sudden sensation of the vibrator being turned to high. I begin to wiggle around, trying to get used to the intense sensation.

"Be still." You growl and I gasp in shock as the whip strikes my ass, causing me to finally lose my balance as my legs drop down from the sides of the tub, forcing me to hang by my wrists with a large red stripe across both my ass cheeks. I see you grinning as I struggle to get back up onto the sides of the tub as you trail the whip along the bottom of the tub, getting it wet and heavy with the water. Immediately you whip my ass again and I can feel the water splatter on me and the extra weight of the whip smacking my ass. I cry out and hang my head panting.

"Master, what has this slave done to deserve such a punishment?" I squeak out as you continue to whip my ass, knowing each shot is leaving a welt in its place.

"Has this slave already forgotten? My Slave Slut may not wear clothes in her master presence without permission. Now let me hear you say it so that I know you understand."

"This Fuck Toy must not wear . . ." Smack! "Louder! And with more feeling!" You command as you continue to whip my ass.

"Yes Master!" I begin. "This dirty, submissive slut must not wear clothing in her master’s presence without his permission." I nearly shout.

"There's a good little slave." You grin at me while I hang there with a vibe going inside of me and water dripping slowly down my naked body. My body continuing to shiver from the cold and the intense orgasm that I can feel is nearly upon me.

I shriek again as I feel you remove the clamps from my nipples and the blood begins rushing back in. The sudden shock has dulled the impending orgasm, but I know its only temporary. Reaching up you lengthen the rope I am tied to. I sigh with relief at the release of tension on my arms.

"Now slut," you say, "Bend over."

I open my mouth to say something but close it before I get myself into any more trouble. Bending over, my legs are spread out and my hands, still tied, are supporting my upper body weight. I look over at you and see you have grabbed some lotion and started rubbing it on my ass cheeks. I groan softly and arch my back enjoying the pleasure.

My eyes widen as I feel your fingers playing with my asshole rubbing the lotion all over and around it. I groan loudly as you take your finger and slowly penetrate my ass, working the lotion deeper and deeper. I find myself moaning with embarrassment over the fact that I am enjoying the sensation of you fingering my ass while I am tied up and helpless.

"Is my slave enjoying it? Your master believes you have learned your lesson so I will let you feel the pleasure of my cock. However, first I need to make more room."

As realization sets in on what you are planning to do, I begin to beg as you insert another finger in my ass and begin to thrust them in and out, finger fucking my asshole.

"N-No Master. Please... don't. I've never had more than a finger in my ass before" I beg and plead.

"Your lips are telling me ‘No’ but your other lips are saying yes." You say as you feel the juices leaking slowly down my leg from my dripping pussy.

You remove your fingers and stand up, getting into the tub and positioning yourself behind my ass, with the tip of your cock touching my hole.

"Slave, would you like to feel your master’s cock inside of you?"

"Yes . . . No . . ." I say, with mixed emotions running through me.

"I want to hear you say it."

"But . . ."

"Now!"

"P-please master, this ass slut would like to have her master’s cock inside of her ass, if it pleases him." I say softly, nearly a whisper.

"Louder! Where would you like it slut?" You repeat while quickly spanking my ass cheeks.

"This slut would like to have her master's cock inside of her ass." I choke out.

"Very good slut." You say as I feel your penis slowly begin to enter my ass. You stop every so often, savoring the feeling of taking my anal cherry and allowing me the opportunity to adjust to your cock burying itself in me. Eventually, I feel your hips smack into my ass cheeks and groan with the realization that you have inserted your entire dick within me.

Once you feel that I have finally adjusted, you ever so slowly pull your cock out until just the head is within me before pushing back in, causing me to cry out in both pain and pleasure. I have never felt so stretched or full in my life. I could feel your balls softly hitting against my vibrating pussy; your hands grasping my hips as I feel myself grinding my ass into your cock every chance I can . You use your hands to pull my ass cheeks apart, allowing you to shove your cock in further and fucking me even deeper.

I feel you slowly picking up the pace, with each thrust you can feel the vibration emanating from my pussy, through my ass, to your cock and balls. Every stroke bringing both of us closer and closer to the edge.

I scream out with pleasure, my hips thrashing wildly on your cock. "Fuck me Master. Fuck this dirty Slut!"

Your hips slam faster into me and I feel your cock get larger, filling me up even further and indicating you are close to coming. My screams and moans get louder as I feel myself on the precipice of the biggest climax ever in my life.

"Master! Please let me come! Please let your fuck slut come while you are fucking my ass!" I scream out, not caring that the neighbors could probably hear me.

You say just two words; two joyous words fill my ears, allowing this slut the pleasure of release. "Come slut."

My scream fills the apartment as you bury your dick to the hilt and shoot a massive load of cum in my ass as the most intense waves of pleasure shoot through me, completely engulfing me as the orgasm continues to roll through my body and I spasm uncontrollably. I feel you continuing to slowly fuck my ass, prolonging the pleasure of us both coming together then relax against me, your cock softening inside of me.

I begin to whimper and moan with the pain and pleasure, the vibrator continuing to cause mini-orgasms to shoot through me, preventing me from fully relaxing. "Please master, please can you take the vibrator out?" I stammer, struggling to speak, or even think, coherently.

You continue to make me wait for a few minutes, the vibrator continuing to torture my overly sensitive pussy and clit, when you finally decide to pull the vibrator out of my pussy. My body finally calms, free to relish in the pleasure and afterglow of such a mind-blowing orgasm.

"Thank you master for allowing this slut to cum and pleasure you." I say as I feel you un-cuff me and carry me to bed.

"Goodnight V, my wonderful slave" I hear you say as I feel you put me into bed and kiss me on the lips.

"Goodnight Master" I murmur before my head hits the pillow and I immediately fall asleep.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=713.0)
