---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tickled to Be Here!
authors:
- Ty Knott
tags:
- M-f
- bondage
- tickling
- cons
- X
date: 2002-11-04 00:00:00
---

8
8
Tickled to Be Here!
by Ty Knott
Tickled
to Be Here! by Ty Knott

The bindings felt soft against
your skin. Soft yet unyielding. You tried to look around but you were unable
to see under the dark mask that covered your eyes. The bed was comfortable
beneath you and you were naked on top of it. You could feel me watching,
could hear my breathing quicken as you shifted on the bed testing your
bonds. Your body trembled and your own breathing speeded up, as if you
had run a race. You had to calm down. You didn't know exactly what was
in store, but for the moment you had to stay calm. You could feel my entire
focus on your body and you could see the view you presented from my eyes.
Your arms and legs spread out to the four corners of the bed. Your hair
spread out against the pillow. Your breasts rising and falling with every
breath. Your nipples hardening under my scrutiny. Much to your embarrassment,
you could feel your body responding, the wetness between your legs betraying
you.

And still I make you wait.

A sound of movement alerts
you to my location. Without warning, the palm of my hand cradles the sole
of your right foot. This small action demonstrating how truly vulnerable
you are more effectively than words. I remove my hand, leaving behind a
warmth and tingling that carries its message to your very core.

You feel the tip of one finger
as it draws small circles on your big toe. Then a long slow trace down
the length of your foot ending its journey at your ankle. You could not
control the sensations that caused your foot to jerk at my gentle touch.
Again the warmth of my palm as my hand caresses its way up your leg. Pausing
for a brief instant, I tantalize the back of your knee with a quick tickle.

Your thigh is not spared
either the warming caress of my palm or the tickle from the tips of my
fingers. The top of your thigh receives the warmth. Your inner thigh twitches
and stirs under my fingers as they tease, tickle and tantalize higher and
higher. The lightest sheen of sweat films over your body. Shamelessly you
squirm, needing to feel my fingers on the heat of you. My fingers skim
across the light covering of hair. You were trembling. So close, so very
close. . .Your hips arched off the bed to complete the contact. My chuckle
increases your dismay at the disappearance of my hand. Your moan, poignant
in its frustration.

"Not yet my dear. . . not
just yet" My voice just loud enough to be heard over your moan.

"Please," you whisper, not
even caring that I have you begging so early this time.

The feel of my tongue on
your nipple makes you jump then sigh at the erotic sensations. The light
scrape of teeth electrifies every nerve ending. As my teeth held one nipple
captive, my fingers began to randomly trace patterns on your other breast.
My teeth give up their claim on your nipple and the coolness of the air
makes it even harder. You could not stop what little movement was allowed
to you within the restraints. Then it happened. Suddenly the fingers that
had been teasing and tantalizing became masters of their true craft. Tickling
sensations racked your body and overwhelmed your mind and nervous system
in waves. Lost in the erotic haze of the previous sensations, you have
no time to build any defense against the tickling. You can't tell where
you were more ticklish; the parts that had been touched or the parts that
hadn't. It didn't matter! I now control you completely. No part of you
is safe from my tickling.

Even through your laughter
you are aware of your body and how I toy with it. No area of skin is spared
my touch. . . except for the one place you need me the most. There are
moments when you believe you would go mad. Your feet are now my targets,
and I am relentless. You feel me pull your toes back, taking my time, allowing
you to catch what breath you could. You begged, you pleaded through your
breathing/recovery time. It never occurs to you how those very pleas fuel
my desire to tickle you even more.

Gone are the lightest of
teasing touches on the bottom of your foot. It is now an all out tickle
attack and your foot serves as the battle ground. Your mind becomes blurred
with the sensations. My nails are brought into play, never painful, but
relentless in their role in the tickling that occurs. I sense whenever
you seem as if you've become immune to my ministrations and move on. Never
one to take anything for granted I ignore your other foot for the moment
and pursue other areas.

The softest of strokes across
your belly announce my arrival. A long pause. You are allowed to catch
your breath and anticipate my next caress. The seconds draw out and you
become as unnerved by the waiting as you are by the actual tickling. A
part of you wishes you could see my face at this moment of waiting. . .
you can't seem to stop moving. You can't control the softer giggles that
escape even though you am not being touched. Your body releases a deep
ragged breath. "Please. . . please no more tickling!" You no longer care
that I have reduced you to this level of begging. Perhaps in the days that
follow you will look back and scoff at your weakness.
Perhaps. . .

"Who do you belong to?"

I lean over you as I voice
that question.

Silence.....

"Come now my ticklish little
pet, who do you belong to?"

This particular game makes
us both hot for different reasons. You, because you are never even the
least bit submissive out of the bedroom and even then, our play never includes
the words 'slave' or 'master'. Agreeing with that when we first started
playing, I take great joy in coming up with a whole host of other words
to take the place of those. You are galled by very idea of admitting any
such thing to me; yet on the other hand you are impressed with the creativity
that I employ to work around your rules. I, on the other hand have always
loved to match wits and intellect with you and love nothing more than to
make you beg and squirm and in the end. . . submit.

Silence. . .

Ever so slowly my fingers
begin the torture they were so well designed for. My memory serves me well
and you are hysterical as I explore every sensitive area along your stomach
and sides. My fingers dance and play, lightly then firmer. Softly prodding
and light pokes to the sides. The effect guaranteed to drive you insane.

"And now for the ultimate,"
You hear me announce through your laughter,screams, threats and curses.
One fingertip circles your navel.

"Noooooo........." You cry
out. Sinking your belly in as flat as possible to your spine then arching
up in a totally involuntary movement.

"Please no. . . not there.
. . not there!"

"Who do you belong to?"

You only shake your head
in denial.

That one finger and the sensations
emanating from your navel became your entire focus. This was one of the
places that can bring you to your knees. Sensations from there travel throughout
your entire body. My fingertip first circles outward. Small, complete little
circles that you could not escape from. Then I reverse the process and
the circles became smaller and smaller as I prepared you for what was sure
to come. Under the blindfold your eyes squint tightly closed as if to ward
off the maddening sensations. Tears escaped the corners of your eyes and
your laughter echoed through the room.

As you wait for the finger
to make it's first foray into that soft indentation in your belly my finger
leaves you and you can feel me step away from the bed. Your laughter evens
out to uncontrollable giggles and you squirm from the sensations that still
run along your nerve endings.

"You're still giggling and
I'm not even touching you" I say in a teasing voice.

Your head automatically turns
towards the sound of my voice.

"Don't worry my dear; this
is not over. I just wanted to get a little something."

"Please no. . . no more.
. . I can't take it." Your plea heart-wrenching in its sincerity.

"Are you prepared to answer
my question?"

"Please. . . please. No more.
. . " You are ashamed at how weak you sound.

"I'll ask again, perhaps
you do not remember the question... Who do you belong to?"

Your resolve strengthens.
You become mute. The only outward sign that you even heard me is the negative
shake of your head. For a moment me soft laughter fills the room.

"Not to worry my dear, I'll
help loosen your tongue and change your mind"

With that statement something
small, soft and fuzzy traced down the center of your nose.That small distraction
made my return to your navel completely startling. Your body jerked and
trembled as I once again began to make outward circles from your navel.
The circles were a bit broader now and touched more and more of your stomach.
You could only giggle and twist but my finger never lost its course. Reversing
the directions of my circles I begin my return to your navel. The circling
became slower and slower. Your focus becomes the agonizing wait for that
finger to once again reach its destination. You couldn't help the scream
that escaped as the q-tip I held in my other hand made it's first descent
into that indentation.

Sensations overwhelm you
as you try to deal with the finger that never ceases it's circling and
the unbearable feel of the q-tip. Laughter, and cries for mercy blend together.
You thrash about as much as the bonds will allow, trying to dislodge both
my finger and the q-tip. Seconds become hours as I ignore your pleas for
mercy and continue to tickle. You are slowly being driven mad. The q-tip
stopped it's teasing explorations as my finger reached it's destination.
Poking gently I allow you no rest. I can feel you weakening physically
and emotionally. Suddenly surrender does not seem such a distasteful option.
Through your laughter and pleading you feel my finger leave only to be
replaced by my tongue. The warmth and wetness joining in to tickle, pushing
you closer to the edge. Your body moves of its own accord, all illusion
of any semblance of control is stripped away.

My hands move a bit lower
to hold your hips steady and my tongue never stops. My thumbs find the
slight indentation where your inner thighs meet your groin. The softest
of strokes there, enough to short circuit your nervous system. Totally
out of control now, you do nothing but respond. On a distant level you
are aware of your pelvis straining to make contact with any part of me.
It is as if you know that one touch to your clit or for that matter any
where in the general area will ignite the climax you so desperately need
to cancel out the tickling.

"You need to cum, don't you?
You want me to carry you over the edge?"

"Please," you cried out through
sobbing laughter.

"Who do you belong to, little
one?" My tone, casually indulgent

You feel me back away, the
warmth from my body receding a bit. You can still feel the wetness from
my tongue, and sensation still courses throughout your body. My hands leave
your hips and you move with uncontrollable need. Your body wordlessly offering.
. . begging for the touch you need the most. I'm close enough that you
can feel me walk around the bed. Your hips thrust again, demanding my attention.
One finger traces patterns on the big toe of the foot ignored earlier.
I know that you will not be able to take much more. You felt more sensitized
that you have ever been in your entire life. Your ankle is freed from the
bed post. The restraint remains and I elevate your foot. At the first feel
of the tip of my tongue on your arch, your electrified reaction almost
allows for escape. Not to be caught off guard a second time, I wrap the
end of the restraint around and around my hand. Holding your foot with
both hands, I apply the lightest scraping of teeth to the ball of your
foot.

"Please. . . " you cry out
as my tongue follows the path of my teeth. Once again the feel of my teeth
gently scraping the underside of your big toe, my tongue quick to follow.
Holding your foot I can feel the trembling that racks your body. I kneel
on the bed between your thighs. You can feel the warmth of me getting closer
and closer. I have not released the hold of the tether around your ankle,
and your leg bends to accommodate the foot that is slowly drawn up. A soft
puff of air blows across your clit.

"Please," you whimper.

My tongue passes over your
clit, once. Heaven! Still you need more. . .

"Again, please. . . I need
to cum so bad. Please don't stop"

"Who do you belong to. .
. ?"

You try so hard to resist.

My finger lightly touches
your clit then another breath of air.

"Answer me angel, who do
you belong to?"

"You !" I hear you sob, breaking
down completely. "Only you. . . "

My reaction is instantaneous.
My tongue caresses your clit. At the same time my hand slowly strokes the
bottom of your foot. Unable to withstand the dual sensations for more than
a few seconds, you explode around me. Tremor upon tremor overtakes you,
and I do not stop. My tongue laps gently at you, and I caress you with
one then two fingers. My hand traces lazy patterns across the bottom of
your foot and you cum again. You are released soon after only to be enfolded
in my warm embrace. You drift off to sleep protected and safe. My lips
brush against your temple.

"You angel. . . only you.
. . "
