---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/davinia06a.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Davinia
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- MF/f
- F/f
- bond
- slave
- collar
- cell
- lingerie
- cuffs
- crop
- naked
- whip
- clamps
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2021-04-03 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 6 (part 1) - The Sacrifice

In the days after the departure of Boris and Arkady, suddenly Sir Ian took a new interest in Davinia. Previously, he had left most of her training to Lady Samantha. But now, with his two guests gone, Davinia became the center of his attentions.

Davinia and Erin shared a jail cell in their slavery, and one morning, Erin was taken away by Lady Samantha. Her wrists had been locked behind her back, and a red ball-gag placed between her lips. Lastly, Lady Samantha had locked a leash to Erin's collar, and her companion was led away to whatever fate awaited her!

Davinia knew that it would not be too long before she would find out what had happened to Erin. She lay on her cot, fingering her leather collar. Davinia knew better than to reach between her legs and stimulate herself to a sexual climax! That was a luxury she could only receive if she got permission from either Sir Ian or Lady Samantha!

She had by now come to terms with the position of her new life. When she had served both Arkady and Boris, she had begun to understand that she now enjoyed her servitude. That her only goal in life was to please her owner, Sir Ian, and that she herself didn't matter.

Her name was tattooed above her right breast, and hanging from her labia was a small medallion proclaiming that she was the property of Sir Ian.

She idly wondered just how long she would be waiting in her cell before she was called to participate in whatever her owners now had planned for both her and Erin!

After some time (since there were no clocks in her cell, so she had no idea just how much time had passed), Yvette walked up to the bars, carrying a pair of high heels and some kind of leather garment in her right hand.

“Bonjour, Mademoiselle Davinia! Sir Ian has requested your presence in the Dayroom to see poor Erin, your companion, non?”

Davinia sat up in the cot as Yvette unlocked her cell, and walked inside to join her!

“Sir Ian requests that Mademoiselle wear some clothing and a pair of pretty high heels on her dainty feet, non?”

“As we English like to say, Yvette, you really know how to lay it on thick!”

“Mademoiselle Davinia makes a joke, non?” Yvette answered coyly.

Yvette was herself dressed in her usual attire – four inch high heels, latex stockings, latex maid's uniform, corset, headpiece, collar and bondage bracelets on her wrists and ankles! She then placed what she had been carrying in her hands onto the cot, and Davinia noticed that there was a bra and panty as well!

Davinia held up each item of clothing, feeling the material in her fingers. After so long of having been naked, wearing any kind of clothing again was going to feel different, if not downright strange!

She stepped into the cotton panty, drawing it up to her hips, where it fit snugly. Then she fitted the bra onto her chest, and she had some difficulty closing it at her back. Next she donned the leather dress, and zipped it up her back; and finally she placed the shoes on her feet and drew the straps closed.

Davinia then looked at herself in the cell mirror that was above the sink. She was still wearing her collar and bondage bracelets on her wrists and ankles; but there was no mistaking the cut of the dress: it was what a Dominatrix like Lady Samantha would wear!

“Mademoiselle looks very pretty, non? Perfect for a walk in Paris, or perhaps Nice?”

“I don't understand why I'm to be dressed this way,” said Davinia.

“Sir Ian wants Mademoiselle in the Day Room where all will be explained! Until then, Mademoiselle will be submissive, non?”

“Yes, Yvette!”

Davinia then allowed herself to be restrained as Erin had been before her! Her wrists were locked behind her back; a red ball-gag placed between her lips; and finally a blindfold to place her in darkness!

“Mademoiselle will behave herself, non?” Yvette asked.

“Mmmmmmph!” was all that Davinia could manage with the rubber ball in her mouth!

“Good, now I will attach the leash and lead you to Sir Ian!” exclaimed Yvette.

Davinia felt Yvette attach something to the D-ring on her collar, and then a gentle tug was all that needed to begin to lead her out of the cell. She wondered just what Sir Ian had up his sleeve; and she was sure that whatever it was, it wasn't going to be good for either Erin or Davinia!

---

As she was being led, Davinia inhaled the leather scent of the dress that she was wearing. She could never afford stylish clothing on her salary as an environmental advocate; and often envied the affluent women she often saw on the streets of London. After being enslaved, she had worn little or no clothes, since she would only wear – or not wear – whatever Sir Ian or Lady Samantha commanded.

But why had she been dressed in leather? What was the meaning of this new development – since nothing here happened by chance! She knew that this was intentional – but why?

Finally her journey ended, and Davinia felt the warming rays on the Sun on her naked flesh. Her heels had clicked on the wooden floor, as she had been led by Yvette. Now she was here for some unknown reason – but why?

Davinia was blinded by the sudden removal of her blindfold; with the light shining directly into her eyes. Once she could focus again, she saw that Sir Ian and Lady Samantha were sitting together in a pair of wooden chairs that looked more like thrones.

In the center of the room was Erin, stark naked with her wrists and ankles held apart by spreader bars, her feet a few inches from the floor. Her body was stretched taut, and two small chains held the bar holding her ankles apart limited her movement.

She was gagged as was Davinia herself, so neither slave girl could communicate!

“Yvette, you may remove Davinia's gag; and her collar and bracelets, please, thank you!” Sir Ian instructed.

In a few moments, Davinia was freed of the instruments of her captivity that she had worn ever since she had been kidnapped by Sir Ian!

It was now that she realized just what Sir Ian had in store! Erin had warned her that one day she would be asked to discipline her companion to prove her slavery; and now that day had arrived!

“Good day, Davinia. I see that wearing leather suits you. Next I'll have to dress you in latex or PVC,” observed Sir Ian.

Sir Ian was dressed in a white French shirt; jodhpurs; and boots. Lady Samantha was wearing a red latex catsuit and high heels that hugged every inch of the curves of her luscious body.

“Thank you, Master,” said Davinia.

“Do you know why you're here?” asked Sir Ian.

“You want me to whip Erin.”

“Spot on! I knew that you were highly intelligent, Davinia. I'm sure that you wish that you had never tried to pour motor oil on Arkady, now that you have realized the consequences!”

“Yes, Master,” Davinia replied.

“The next phase of your training is that you will now use your companion, Erin. I'm sure that you can use the whip; cane; or crop by now – since you have been on the receiving end until now!”

“No, Master,” Davinia answered, “I won't punish Erin for no reason.”

“You will punish Erin, and the reason should be obvious: I order it, and you are my possession and you will do whatever I command. Or else you and Erin will suffer terribly, and your protest will have accomplished nothing. You are not in London now, before the cameras, before the press, before anyone who gives a damn. You are still a slave, temporarily wearing leather. In a minute you can be naked and collared again, begging at my feet for mercy.”

“No,” Davinia replied defiantly.

“Perhaps you would like be whipped until you bleed just like those slaves on sugar plantations; or immersed in human filth; or branded like an animal; or turned over to the men in work camps not far from here where you would service dozens of sex-crazed men eager to use all of your holes! You slavery has been very modest until now, and can get very harsh and unpleasant very quickly. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Master. But I still won't whip Erin.”

“Remove her gag and ask Erin – she's been a slave longer than you and understands her true position. You'll find that she wants you to whip her – since I might do something to both of you that could be even worse than a session under the lash,” Sir Ian pointed out.

Davinia then clicked her heels over to Erin, reached up, and unbuckled the gag that held the red rubber ball in place. Erin took several deep breaths, her chest heaving. Davinia wondered why he had not clamped her nipples to increase her torment.

“Thank you, Master,” said Davinia.

“You're welcome, my dear. Now you may discuss your fate with Davinia.”

“Thank you, Master. Davinia, please whip me harshly. You've simply got to do so – or else we're both going to suffer something a lot worse than my skin being whipped – besides – we're both slaves – and no stranger to the lash!”

Davinia could not believe the words that were coming from Erin's mouth! Here was her cell companion who had introduced her to her new world of slavery now begging her to whip her! She fully expected that Alice in Wonderland would appear at any moment looking for a white rabbit!

“Erin, I just can't give pain to you or anyone else!”

“You've experienced pain. Now it's time for you to give pain in return.”

“But you've never hurt me.”

“That could change – our positions could be easily reversed.”

Davinia knew that this could be true.

“I don't want to hurt you.”

“I've been a slave for a long time, much longer than you. There's nothing you can do to me that hasn't been done before. Remember, we're both slaves of Baku, of oil! And there's nothing that you can do will change that!”

Davinia remembered the day that Sir Ian had explained to her the details of her new life, and had shown her the plastic cube containing raw oil drawn from the ground.

“All right,” reluctantly agreed Davinia.

Davinia had been stripped of her clothes and dignity. She had trained and punished, and all of her female orifices had been repeatedly used. Now she was being ordered to punish her only friend in slavery.

“What do you want me to use on you?” asked Davinia.

“Whatever my Mistress desires,” Erin answered, “please use me harshly, Mistress. Make me scream in pain and writhe in my bonds!”

Davinia shivered in confusion! She was now going to punish her only friend, who was now begging to be beaten!

Hanging from the wall was a wooden rack containing the instruments of punishment that she had become all too familiar with. Her eyes cataloged everything that her captors had used on her since she had been kidnapped.

Davinia walked over to the wall, and removed a long dressage riding crop. She presented the handle of the crop to Erin, who kissed it quickly without being told to.

“Thank you, Mistress!” said the bound Erin, her breasts heaving with anticipation.

Davinia stepped back, and swung the crop, which struck Erin's bottom! She felt repelled by what she had done, and wanted to drop the crop and run in shame!

“Again,” ordered Sir Ian, “You can do better than that!”

Swish! Swish! Swish!

“Don't spare the rod, else you both will suffer the consequences!” cautioned Sir Ian.

Davinia held her ire, and again raised the crop once more!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Every time that the crop struck Erin's flesh, Davinia recalled how she reacted to being disciplined. She desperately wanted to cry, and beg her companion's forgiveness!

But instead, holding the crop's handle, she began to feel a strange energy course through her leather clad body.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

“Harder!” commanded Sir Ian, “I've struck you much harder myself the first time I whipped you. Stop acting like Erin is a China doll – she won't break – and like you, she thirsts for and hungers for the whip!”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Davinia had changed from striking Erin with the coiled leather tip at the end of the crop to the leather clad body that contained a slim bamboo rod!

“Owwwww!” cried Erin.

“That's better!” declared Sir Ian.

Davinia had now progressed down to striking the sensitive flesh of the backs of Erin's legs!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

It was as if a strange form of power had now taken control of Davinia! With each stroke of the crop, her revulsion at using it on her companion seemed to lessen that much more! Was this how Sir Ian and Lady Samantha felt every time they used her?

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“You see, Sir Ian! I always knew that our little socially conscious do-gooder had a mean streak inside her!” observed Lady Samantha, “Davinia!”

“Yes, Mistress!” Davinia quickly replied.

“You can be a lot more imaginative than just striking Erin's bottom! You have an entire female slave at your mercy – use her!” commanded Lady Samantha.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Davinia then circled around to Erin's front, and from the length of the crop, began to strike at her female breasts!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Owwwwww!” cried Erin.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Davinia recalled how it felt when her breasts were struck with the crop, how it now produced a mixture of pain and pleasure! She paused, walked up to the bound and helpless Erin, and pinched her nipples!

“Hard, aren't they?” asked Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress!” Erin answered.

“I'll bet that you're wet between your legs as well!”

Davinia inserted her middle and forefinger into Erin's already wet slit, moist with the juices of her arousal at being cropped once again! She was ashamed to think that she was enjoying the pain of another – even if Erin was deriving pleasure from her pain!

“Wet, aren't you!” declared Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress!” Erin answered as the invading fingers rubbed against her clitoris, making her squirm in her bondage as waves of stimulation flooded through her body!

“Clean my fingers, you slut!”

Davinia removed her fingers from Erin's molten slit, and inserted them into her mouth, making her clean her own juices!

“After you use her in the Day Room, you can have her in the bedroom, and do whatever you want with her there,” said Lady Samantha.

“You just ruined my little surprise!” said Sir Ian.

“You can whip me later,” offered Lady Samantha.

“I'll be sure and take you up on that,” replied Sir Ian.

“I'll be looking forward to it!”

Davinia always suspected that Lady Samantha wasn't always a Dominant; that she had a taste for the whip herself; and now she had had confirmation of that idea for herself!

But she didn't have time to reflect on that, as she now began to use the crop on the outside of Erin's thighs!

“Use a regular riding crop, Davinia. To get inside Erin's thighs you need something shorter with a bit more control!” suggested Sir Ian.

“Yes, Master!” replied Davinia.

She replaced the long dressage crop with the shorter regular one, and submitted the handle to Erin, who again kissed it with no prompting.

“Owwwwww!” Erin cried when the crop struck her shaved, sensitive female flesh!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

Davinia aimed at Erin's sex; along with the sensitive flesh of the inside of her naked thighs! She dearly wished that Erin could be laying on her back, her legs suspended from ceiling chains, opened to expose the center of her femaleness to the crop!

Snick! Snick! Snick!

“Owwwwww!”

“Don't kid yourself, Erin. We both know that you enjoy the crop.”

“Yes, Mistress!” Erin cried out as the crop struck her femaleness again and again.

Davinia had never felt anything like the surge of power that was now coursing through her as she cropped Erin on her most sensitive female parts! She paused, and her right hand reached out and pinched and pulled at Erin's right breast, making her moan and squirm in her bonds! Even as she did, she imagined what it would be like for her to be in Erin's defenseless position.

“I should think that Erin would benefit from the flogger, Yvette,” casually observed Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress.”

Davinia handed the crop to Yvette, who replaced it on the wall, and replaced it with the flogger that Davinia herself was all too acquainted with. At the end of each leather strand there was a small knot, and it had been soaked in water to make the leather pliable and it would sting and mark with every stroke!

“Kiss the flogger, and thank me for what you are about to receive!” said Davinia.

“Thank you, Mistress!” replied Erin, explicitly following Davinia's command.

Davinia now began to circle around her naked captive, delivering one stroke after another, each time in a different place, of differing intensity! Erin would tense in an attempt to hide her naked abused flesh from the flogger, not knowing what would happen next!

“Owwwwwww!” cried Erin, each time Davinia landed a particularly harsh stroke!

Davinia made certain that Erin's pretty breasts; her bottom, and the insides of her thighs all received the attentions of the flogger!

“Owwwwww!” wept Erin as her female anatomy was subject to merciless punishment!

“Very good, my dear. You have been well trained,” said Davinia.

Davinia wondered how she would be reacting herself if she were now to trade places with Erin. Would she have the strength to stand up to the flogger as her captive?

There was nothing so poignant as seeing how a naked girl reacted being punished. After all, girls were supposed to be put on a pedestal by polite society, not naked and whipped!

“Enjoying yourself, Erin? Or are you thinking about what you would do to me if our positions were reversed?” Davinia inquired of her naked captive.

“Yes, Mistress, I'm enjoying your lash,” breathed Erin between strokes!

Davinia could not help but notice how the flogger marked with every stroke! It was no wonder why Lady Samantha had said that it was her favorite instrument of agony to be used on naked slave girls!

Erin was by now profusely sweating, the droplets running down her naked body, each one shining like a small bead as the sunlight struck it. They ran down between her breasts, onto her naked thighs, and between her legs to her moist and engorged sex!

Davinia paused her use of the flogger, and cupped Erin's sex in her right hand, feeling the pulsating every of her bound captive!

There was no doubt that Erin (like Davinia) had been trained to accept pain as well as pleasure. That the crop; whip; and flogger were to be their constant companions from now on!

“May I come, Mistress?” Erin begged, her breathing ragged from the punishment that she had received.

“Not just yet, my dear,” said Davinia.

Like a charged battery, Davinia knew that Erin now begged release from the pent-up sexual energy that her discipline had generated. Davinia was careful not to touch her engorged clitoris, because that would allow Erin to come and release wave after wave of sexual orgasms!

“Perhaps I can redirect some of your sexual energy,” said Davinia.

Rather than commanding Yvette, Davinia herself clicked her heels on the wooden floor as she walked over to the wall, and removed a pair of nipple clamps that were attached to a small metal chain. She also replaced the flogger, and removed a coiled whip; which she had become intimately familiar with thanks to Lady Samantha!

Clicking her heels once again back to Erin, she wished that Sir Ian would let her wear heels instead of the soft mules that she had been forced to wear. Heels were so much more feminine, and she had been told that by being trained as a slave, she would become more feminine than ever before! Next time, she would beg Sir Ian to let her wear heels from now on. After all, if clothes made the man, then heels made the woman – even if she wasn't wearing anything else!

“Perhaps these will take your mind off your aching quim,” said Davinia.

“Owwwww! Owwwww!” Erin cried out twice as Davinia placed the hated clamps on her erect nipples, tightening them just enough so that they would stay on, even as she would be whipped!

Neither Sir Ian or Lady Samantha had criticized her for being too hard or too soft on her captive, so Davinia guessed that what she was doing was correct!

But now she had chosen the whip, and she knew that until now, she had been the one on the receiving end. She knew that she had better be careful, lest one harsh stroke break the skin.

Davinia offered the whip handle to Erin, who kissed it eagerly, knowing full well what was going to happen to her next!

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Erin, without having been asked to by Davinia.

Davinia pulled at the chain, and Erin squealed in pain as her nipples were stretched!

“Ohhhhhhh!” Erin cried, tears emanating from her eyes.

“There now, my dear! I'm sure that our hosts have used you worse than this – something that you pointed out yourself! After all, I'm just a slave like you are,” said Davinia.

If she thought her statement would elicit a response from either Sir Ian or Lady Davinia, she was disappointed. Both sat on their wooden thrones in silence, taking in the proceedings.

Davinia was sure that her performance was being recorded, and her two captors would watch it to determine the slightest reactions in the interplay between the two of them – and use that later against them!

“Time for the whip,” said Davinia as she stepped back and let the whip uncoil.

Davinia had never been so frightened when Lady Samantha had whipped her for the first time. She was certain that the leather clad Dominatrix would flay the skin from her body!

Instead, the whip had barely touched her at first, not even leaving a mark behind!

Davinia had screamed out in fear and panic, only to feel slightly ridiculous later as Lady Samantha had shown her that her naked skin was still whole! She had been gradually eased into accepting the whip in session after session, until she could take its toll.

She was used to the thin stripes that it left behind, and Erin had comforted her later in their cell. Now she was going to whip her companion!

Davinia struck for the first time with a stroke that landed on Erin's right shoulder blade, leaving a thin stripe behind! Next, another stroke would impact the right shoulder blade, a little stronger perhaps, that left another stripe on her exposed nakedness!

“Very good, Davinia,” complimented Sir Ian, “I always knew you were a quick study.”

“Thank you, Master,” answered Davinia.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The sound of each stroke of the whip was followed by a small moan from Erin, as she struggled without effect in her bonds!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

Davinia could not believe that she was now whipping her cellmate and companion! Or for that matter, that she was truly enjoying it!

If this was how the super rich were enjoying themselves with their ill gotten gains from petroleum, it was no wonder that they had a secret society like Baku!

Her own nipples were erect and her quim was wet with excitement and desire! She kept glancing at Sir Ian; hoping that he would rise from his chair, throw her to the floor, and take her right there with his rigid tool! She desperately wanted him in her quim, not in her bottom!

She wanted to demonstrate to him that she was a woman, and that she could now satisfy all of his needs, however perverse and unusual they could be!

Crack! Crack! Crack!

“Do you like my whip?” questioned Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress!”

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The sounds of the whip and Erin's groans echoed through the Day Room. The lack of Dungeon gloom and the abundant sunshine made Erin's plight all that incongruous!

Davinia paused to again pull at the chain linking Erin's two nipple clamps together! Erin moaned with both pleasure and pain in response!

“Do you think it proper that naked girls should be whipped?” asked Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress!” Erin proudly answered.

“Is your correct place in chains?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Then kiss the whip!”

Erin did so, kissing the handle which Davinia had offered to her, holding the coils of the whip in her hand as she did so!

Davinia knew that the spell would be broken if she let Erin climax; but also that she could not maintain this level of sexual tension for long! Erin would have to be allowed to climax, to discharge the sexual energies that had been generated by the whip – that she had reached a crescendo and it would all be downhill from here!

Davinia again stepped back and began to deliver a series of harsher and sharper strokes with the whip, each of which marked Erin's naked skin still further!

Crack!

“Owwwwww!”

Crack!

“Owwwwww!”

Crack!

“Owwwwwww!”

Davinia saw that now tears were coming from Erin's eyes, and sweat was pouring off her in a torrent, between her breasts and down her thighs and legs.

“Do you want to come?'” demanded Davinia.

“Yes, Mistress, please!” Erin cried.

Davinia stopped her whipping, and plunged her forefinger and middle finger into Erin's red hot slit, massaging her sensitive clitoris that was excited and engorged by the punishment that she had been receiving since Davinia had begun!

“Oooooooooooh!” Erin moaned as she was overtaken by one climax after another as they rippled through her naked and chained body. She fought to release herself from her bondage, writhing in her prison of leather and steel, but they were implacable against naked girl flesh!

“Ooooooooooooh!” Erin moaned again and again as she achieved sexual release, climaxing time and again, screaming out her pleasure from being under the lash!

Finally, exhausted, she hung limply in her chains, a mass of sweat, matted hair, and her skin scored by the occasional line of blood where Davinia had used a stronger whip stroke than she should have.

“You may thank me, slave!”

“Thank you, Mistress!” replied Erin in her exhaustion.

“Bravo!” said Sir Ian.

“Well done!” declared Lady Samantha.

“Thank you,” said Davinia as she rushed to the two thrones occupied by her owners, and quickly knelt in submission. She presented the whip in her hands to Sir Ian.

“I see that you have not forgotten your place,'' observed Sir Ian.

“No, Master. I am your slave!” Davinia proudly stated.

“Good, because I have another test for you in mind, one that you will find equally pleasurable!”

“Thank you, Master,” Davinia answered.

“I think that such a performance deserves a reward, don't you agree, Samantha?” asked Sir Ian of his companion.

“What do you have in mind?”

“I think that Davinia has earned the right to have Erin in the bedroom, not just in the cell for tonight, don't you agree?”

“Yes, I agree,” replied Lady Samantha, “however, Erin looks a little tired right now. I think that Yvette and I should take her down, treat her wounds, give her a bath and some food, and let her take a rest. I'm sure that Davinia is going to use her sexually tonight.”

“Yes.”

“And she should be at her best!”
