---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Country Girl Sexy
authors:
- Stealthbinder
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- gag
- outfit
- tease
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-11-06 00:00:00
---

Tyler grabbed another box from the trailer and carried it up the steps.  It was only one flight, but after a dozen or so trips, he was glad that this would be one of the last.  Though he didn’t mind the view as the watched his fiancée Jamie as he walk up ahead, her tight little ass wiggling in her short shorts atop those long legs.  He loved looking at his soon to be wife, her nice figure and pretty face with long blond hair and sky blue eyes.  He was so looking forward to seeing her when he awoke each morning, sharing their lives together stating in less than a week.  Spending hours in bed with her, if not whole day, would be great too.

With a couple more trips, the last of her stuff was off the trailer an in the apartment.  They were moving in all but her most basic essentials into their new apartment prior to their wedding the following weekend.  Tyler, or Ty to his friends, moved in at the beginning of the month and the two had been busy getting their future home ready.  With Jamie still in her last year of school and only working part time, Ty’s job would be paying most of the bills, but they made enough to cover their living expenses and still maintain a reserve, plus had enough to buy a new bed, couch, chair and some other oddities that were not given to them at Jamie’s many bridal showers.  Everything else was either purchased second hand through thrift stores or rummage sales.  But it was all still clean and in good enough shape for a pair of newlyweds to start off with.

After carrying in the last of the load, Ty took the trailer back to her parents and returned to help Jamie unpack and put stuff away.  They already had the kitchen organized, the bed linens and bath towel in the closets and were busy putting her cloths into the closet and dresser draws.  Typical of must women, Jamie clothes took up most of bedroom closet, plus a full dresser and part of the chest of drawers, but left room for Ty’s merger amount of attire.

“I already gotten rid of a lot of things I don’t wear any longer.” She said in response to Ty’s good natured teasing.  They would need to get storage bins to keep under the bed for Jamie to rotate some of her seasonal clothing.

“Well, as long as you don’t buy too much more, we won’t need a bigger apartment for a while.” He replied.

“If we need more room that bad, maybe I should get rid of more stuff, like my short skirts, or lingerie, or high heels….” She said in an innocent yet sarcastic voice.
“Not on your life!” He replied.  “The flannel nightgowns and long corduroy skirts go first.”

“I already got rid of the flannel.”  She retorted.  “It’s your job now to keep me warm at night.”

“No worries there. That I plan on doing.”  Ty said as he opened another box and started handing items to Jamie to put away.  He stopped at one particular item.

“What’s this?” he said, holding it up.  Made of blue faded denim, the top half was like bib overalls, complete with over the shoulder straps and brass colored hooks.  But instead of long pant legs, the bottom was shorts, exposing the entire leg.

“Oh, those.  Just something I bought a year or so ago.” She said as he held up.

“I don’t think I’ve never seen you in this.  Tag’s still on it.”

“Well, that’s because I never wore it before.” She said taking them from his hands.

“Why not?” he asked.

Jamie sighed.  “I saw a girl wearing one once.  It was the only thing she wore, so she was topless underneath.  I thought she looked really cute in it, kind of a simple kind of sexy, so I bought one like it one day, but then never had the courage to wear it in public.”

“OK, but again, why not?”

“Because I thought I’d look too, well, silly, like I just walked off the farm or something.”

Ty thought about it for a second or two.  “To be honest, I think you’d look great in it.”

“You do?”

“Yeah.  I think it would be rather sexy, in a simple way, like you said.”

“Not too country girlish?” she asked, knowing Ty loved it when she wore sexy club wear, especially her leather mini-skirt or in a tight fitting pencil skirt.  But Ty could lust for her in anything she wore.

“Well, what’s wrong with that?” he asked.  “Remember that country music show years ago that pretended to be in a small faming town or something?”

“Oh yeah, I remember my parents watching it.  The guy with the flagged painted guitar.”

“That’s it, and all the pretty girls, I think they called them the ‘Honeys’, in short shorts and high heels.  They were darn sexy, in a down home country way, right?”

“Yeah, I remember.” She laughed.  “I guess I can see that.  So would you want me to dress up like that some day for you, be your little farmer girl?” she said waving it around.

“Well, maybe not going out for the night, but yeah, I’d love to see you in it.  Hey, we could go to a country ho-down some time and….”

Jamie smacked his arm and they both laughed before getting back to work.

Over a month had passed since then.  Since then, Ty and Jamie were married and had a honeymoon in the islands.  Now merrily husband and wife, they were settling down into a routine.  Ty went off to work each morning while Jamie picked up a few extra hours at her job before her final year of school began.  The weekends were their time to sleep in, play and enjoy the start of their married lives spending as much time together doing even simple things and spend lots of time in the bedroom, as much as they could.  Between work and school, they would have far less time together come fall.

But Ty still remembered the little denim outfit and fantasized more than once how sexy Jamie would look in it, wearing nothing more under and in a pair of high heels to make her already long legs even longer.  He added a few other unspoken images to that fantasy too.

“I promise I will wear it for you, soon.” She replied when he asked her about it over dinner.

“Great!  When?”

“I’ll make you a deal.” She replied with a sly smile.  “If you’ll do the dishes this week, I’ll wear it for you Friday evening, since I won’t be working that evening.”

“So I do all the work and you only put it on and take it off a few minutes later.”

“Well, as long as we don’t go out, I’ll promise to be in it when you come home and stay in it till you say so or till we go to bed, whichever comes first, OK?”
“Till bed?  Hmm, that may not be very long, considering.  Heels too?” he grinned.

“Yes, heels too.” She replied, knowing how he loved having her in heels, especially during sex.  They always had their best sex when Jamie dressed up for him, even if was solely a pair of her highest heels and nothing else.  Ty had his strong kinky side and Jamie was more than happy to accommodate to make her man happy, for she was quite kinky too.

Ty thought it over for a moment before adding his little spin on the negotiations. “OK, as long as you wear it all evening and model it for me as I ask you to, I’ll agree.”

“Why do I feel I’m being scammed and this deal is turning from my advantage to yours?”

“Are not all my ‘scams’ beneficial to both of us?”

“Yeah, they usually are.  Ok, deal.” She replied, suspecting Ty had more in mind for her than just wearing her outfit for an hour or so.  But it did get her out of doing dishes for the week.

Ty was as good as his word, clearing the sink each morning of the breakfast dishes and each evening after dinner, not once complaining or mentioning his impending Friday reward.  As the day got closer, Ty thought about what he wanted to do with his country girl sexy wife.  Jamie already had her suspicions what part of the night would involve, since she had experience it so many times before and enjoyed it as much as her newly wedded husband.

Friday was a long day for Ty.  Classes for Jamie were starting before Labor Day this year, so she was going to embark on her last year in a couple of weeks.  Between work and school, time was going to be limited, especially during the week when Jamie would need to study and not be distracted by life and such.  So Ty was anxious to in get a good night, if not a pleasant weekend, of erotic sex before things got bottled up.

Since they agreed to stay in for the night and keep things private, Jamie volunteered to make a nice dinner for them, but Ty still had to do the dishes.  He drove home after his work day ended, excited to see his wife and start the festivities.  He was not disappointed when he entered their apartment.

Jamie was standing in the kitchen bent over to get something out of the oven, giving him a great view of Jamie from the side and rear.  Her long legs were atop white 5” heeled pumps, exposed nearly to her buttocks, which was tightly and tantalizing encased in light blue denim.  Looking her at from the side, he could clearly see her breasts were naked under the top of the outfit, letting him know she had nothing more on below.

Jamie stood up and looked even more gorgeous.  The overalls, hardly the right word to call it for it barely covered much, fit tightly around her body as it was intended too.  She did her long blond hair up in big waves like the girls did in the 80s, with dark eye liner and bright shadow to make her blue eyes pop and bright red to make her lips ever so kissable, giving her that country girl sexy look, yet wild enough to let you know she wanted a madcap roll in the hay.

“Wow.” Ty said stunned, still standing in the doorway.

“Ya’ll like what you see’en?” she said in a southern drawl, a broad smile on her face knowing he would.  After sitting the dish and pot holders on the stove top, she place her hands on her hips and crossed one foot in front of the other, giving her an extra sexy model’s stance.  Those girls on that old show never looked as good as this.

“Oh yeah.” Ty replied, locking the door behind him.  While he absolutely enjoyed seeing his wife naked even if sex wasn’t involved, he loved it when she wore something sexy for him.  He was such a sucker for this girl that when she was all dressed up for him, he’d do anything for her.  Twice since they were married, she enticed him into a hot romp between the sheets by standing totally naked in heels or lying on the bed so when he arrived home for a hot pre dinner romp.  For some reason, he found this just looked as enticing as any she’d done before, and knowing she was doing it just for him made it even better.

She returned to her stove.  “Dinner will be ready shortly.” She said in a southern drawl again.  Seconds later, his arms were wrapped around her waist and pulling her against her body.

“I know what I’m hungry for.” He said as he nibbled on her neck.

“Save it for later mister.” She replied back in her normal voice.  “I’m hungry and I don’t want to burn our dinner.”

After changing clothes, Ty helped Jamie finish up the cooking and they enjoyed their meal.  The entire time, Ty eyed up his sexy barely dressed wife, his cock hard as a rock in his pants.  With dinner cleared, Jamie placed her dish in the sink.  Ty grabbed her and pulled her onto his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and they playfully kissed.

“Nut uh.” She said after feeling his hands explorer her legs.  “Not time to play yet lover.  You still have dishes to wash.”

“They can wait till morning.” He replied.

“Oh no, the week’s not over yet mister.” She said.  She knew the wait would drive him crazy, especially if she sat near by and showed him what he was missing.

“And what will you do while I work?”

“I’ll be here watching, and modeling for you, as you requested, wearing this till bedtime.” She replied as she lifted her hands to show herself off.

Ty smirked.  “As you recall, the deal was for you to model for me as I ask you to.”

“True.”  She said slowly, knowing by his carefully chosen words he was up to something. ”Why do I have the feeling you have something planned for me.”

“Because I do.” He replied.

“Like what?”

He helped Jamie to her feet and stood himself.  “Wait here and I’ll show you.”

“You have dishes to do first, remember?”

“I know, I know.  Trust me, we can do both.”

Ty went off to the bedroom, confirming what Jamie suspected all along.  A moment later he returned with a blue backpack in hand, the special one they kept under their bed.

“I had a feeling you were going to want that.” She said as he placed the pack on the table.  “I figured you were planning on it.”

“And your point?” he said as he opened the backpack and pulled out a bundle of rope.  “Have you ever been disappointed when we did this?”

“No, of course not.  I’m just saying I know my loving husband all too well.” She said as she sat in a chair as he directed her to.  “I anticipated you were going to tie me up at some point this evening.”

“We said we wouldn’t go anywhere tonight.  I’m just making sure you don’t so I can keep you all to myself.” He replied as he knelt behind the chair.

The fact was it was Jamie that first suggested bondage to then boyfriend Tyler.  For a long time, she toyed with the idea of being a bound and helpless captive, surrendering herself to her lover.  She saw it happen in a movie when she was a teenager and wondered what it would be like to be tied up and under a man’s total control like the actress was.  More than once she fantasized about her lover rendering her helpless, even while having sex with a man, but never felt comfortable enough or trusted the guy enough to suggest it.

That was until she met Ty. They dated for a long time, almost a year before she had the courage to mention it.  One night she finally talked to him about it and Ty jumped at the chance.  It seems he had an interest in it too, but other than testing the waters with a few girls, never really had the chance to act it out like he wanted.  With Jamie, he didn’t want to suggest it till the time was right as to not scare her off.  Jamie just beat him to the punch.

They soon discovered they both really like it and began experimenting with new techniques and practicing as often as the mood was on them and the opportunity allowed.  They found they preferred Ty doing the tying and Jamie being the tied far more than the reverse, but still did it sparingly just to mix things up once in a while.  Sometimes the bondage was simple and just for fun or practice, sometime it was very complex and long lasting and involved, but all was great, even when it didn’t lead to sex.  Jamie was even tied up twice on their honeymoon, once naked and once dressed in a lacy white lingerie set and the same heels she was wearing now.  Both times were wonderful experiences, as were most times with Ty, so Jamie had no doubt this wouldn’t be the same.

Ty hadn’t planned to get the bondage going this early, but the opportunity presented itself and he took advantage of it.  Besides, Jamie looked too hot not to bind up.  In moments, Jamie’s crossed hands were tied behind the chair palms up.  When she crossed her legs at the knees, Ty decided she looked so good like that he tied her legs to stay that way, lashing her crossed legs together and binding her ankles to the chair legs to keep them so.

Jamie tested her bondage, finding he did his usually expert job.  When they first started out, that given enough time Jamie often worked her way out of his bindings, as long as she wasn’t distracting by his fondling of her helpless body or trying to bring her to orgasm.  But as the months went by, his skills greatly improved to the point where her chances of escaping or even got a single binding undone diminished to almost nothing.  Not that either of them complained.  Jamie liked to be bound and helpless and Ty like to have her that way, and did it often, at least weekly and more now they had somewhere private of their own to do it.

And right now, Ty liked what he saw.  Jamie wiggled and wormed in the chair, but she was not going anywhere.  Jamie tied in a kitchen was a first for them.  He hoped it wouldn’t be the last, for she looked really good like this.  But then again, she never looked bad to him.

“So, is all this really necessary?” she asked already knowing the answer.

“Yes.” He replied grinning as he dug in the backpack. “You look too good, I don’t want you going off and changing clothes on me.”

“I promised I’d wear this till bed.” She said as she struggled.  “Don’t you trust me?” she replied, batting her long eyelashes at him as she wiggled.

“No.” he said with a grin.  “Besides, I’ve been good about keeping up my end of the bargain all week without complaining.  It’s time for you to do the same.” He said as he placed a knot in the middle of a red bandana.

Jamie and Ty didn’t use gags very often when the played bondage games.  Ty liked to hear her moan and groan and have the ability to kiss her lips or use her mouth to pleasure him.  During their experimental phase, Jamie was not big the idea on having her mouth curbed, but did appreciate the usefulness of a gag at removing her last of defense while at keeping her talk and cries of ecstasy reduced.

This was particularly useful one night when the playful lovers dared to sneak up to her bedroom for what was suppose to be a quick tryst while her parents slept.  But Ty used some old pantyhose to lash her to the bed and got Jamie so worked up, she practically screamed when she climaxed, and was later thankful that a pair of clean panties stuffed in her mouth as a gag was there to mute her vocal expressions of delights.  Since then, they used gags more often but not regularly, just when the mood or desire called for it.  Sometimes she rejected the idea as well, when she wanted to be more expressive or desired to use her oral skill to please her man.

In many ways, a gag was more symbolic to them, to keep Jamie form talking or telling Ty what to do, than to keep her completely silenced.  They often used a simple scarf or bandana to keep her quiet or act as the final touch.

Apparently, Ty wanted both tonight.  Jamie didn’t object, for it was his night and if he wanted to have her gagged, she’d let him do it, at least for a while.  He placed the knot into her mouth and lopped the ends around her head and under her hair, pulling it tight and tying it off.  Jamie helped by leaning her head forward.

Ty stepped back and looked over his work.  Despite the tight gag, Jamie was all smiles and had a playful look in her eyes.  She seemed delighted in her bondage as she wiggled and squirmed, already loosing hope that she would free herself.  He caressed her legs, eventually getting a soft moan from her, and got another when he rubbed her shoulders and trace a finger down her sides, especially along the sides of her breasts.

“You sit tight till I’m done, then we’ll get down to some serious playtime.” He said as he cleared the plates from the table.

On the one hand, he wanted to get through the cleanup fast so he could move on to bigger and better things.  On the other, he enjoyed the sight of his pretty bride all tied up and gagged, looking so sexy in her little outfit and heels, fidgeting in her ropes, he wanted to keep her like this for a while, even if it meant waiting to play.  He really didn’t have the night planed out, only that he wanted to enjoy his country girl all evening and as some point tie her up too.  So, in keeping with his idea of drawing out the evening, he worked slow but steady in his efforts while constantly looking at Jamie and feeling her from time to time in the process.

Soon the leftovers were put away, the dishes washed, dried and put away and the table wiped down clean.  He tossed the wash rag into the empty sink, dried his hands on a towel and tuned his attention to his bound bride.

“Now that’s done, nothings left to hinder us tonight.” He said as he knelt by her side.

She welcomed his warm hands onto her bare skin.  Waiting for him and knowing eventually his attentions would be on her was making Jamie excited with anticipation.  Jamie felt blessed to have found Ty.  They loved each other wildly, knew how to make each other laugh and he was already looking to be a great husband.  He wanted nothing more than to make her happy and content in their marriage.  So far, he was doing that very well.

And that applied to the bedroom as well.  Unlike most of the men she dated, Tyler was intent on sexually pleasing her first before he took any pleasures for himself.  Ty realized early on that if you want to have great sex, you need to give great sex too.  When it came to making love, Ty focused on Jamie’s needs long before dealing with his. Sex often lasted two or three hours and many times were repeat acts.  Quickies only occurred when they were either in heat and needed fast relief or maybe in the morning when time was pressed.  Only on the rarest occasions did he ever get his without wearing her out first, usually at Jamie’s insistence.

Not that Jamie didn’t desire to please her new husband.  On the contrary, Jamie loved Ty so deeply and enjoyed giving her man pleasures without expecting anything in return.  She wanted to make her husband happy, both in and outside the bedroom, demonstrating to him how much she appreciated his love making ideas by showing she was willing to serve him as well.  More than once she simply unbuttoned Ty’s pants to give Ty a long, sensuous hand or blowjob, making his come either in her mouth or over her face and hands.  Though once done, Ty virtually always answered in kind, giving her oral sensations to a climax or two, and followed up with a long intense round of intercourse to complete the loving.

Dressing in this outfit and letting him tie her up was another way she would show it.  Jamie knew she was in for a long night of tight bondage and intense love making.  Yes, it would be kinky and erotic, but none the less a complete expression of love and desire between the two of them.  Ty called her his fantasy girl for he never expected to find a girl like her who would love him like she did, and still excite him with each moment together.  They used physical actions to clearly display their emotional desires for one another.

Jamie was no longer struggling against her restraints, she was withering in them.  The long slow buildup was doing a number on her, for she was getting warm and moist down there.  Anticipation was getting to her and so was his touch to any exposed part the denim outfit didn’t cover.

She lost track of time, but it seemed like an eternity that rushed by.  Before long, she was down right horny and was hoping for the action to set up further.  But she knew Ty was going to keep her in a slow simmer for a while before he made her pot of fervor boil over.

After a long tantalizing tease, the ropes came off her legs, but were quickly retied with her ankles together and another rope around her knees.  He even make sure to loop the rope around her feet, to tie her shoes on so she wouldn’t loose them, making sure she stayed dressed exactly as she was till he decided to make a change.

Jamie was freed from the chair, but her arms were left tied behind her back as he carried her to the bedroom, with the backpack sling over his shoulder.  He gently deposited her on the bed and dropped the bag on the floor.  With her wrists crossed before he tied them, it was comfortable enough to be lying on her back and arms, and remain like this for a long while. He joined her on the bed and the gag was removed.  Instantly the two lovers began a long series of intense kissing, moaning into each other mouths, Jamie squirming in her tight bondage while Ty’s hands explored her bound body.

At some points, Ty rolled Jamie on top of him so he could explore her backside or rolled on top of her and ground his crotch into hers.  Other times, the kisses trailed down her figure and over her warm skin, but her outfit stayed in place, driving Jamie crazy for him to do more.  She let him do as he pleased, knowing in the end it would be worth the maddening wait.  But after a long time of waiting, desire eventually won out and she made an effort to get thing moving along.

“Let me suck on your cock.” She said softly after a particularly long kiss ended as his hands roamed over her helpless body.

“You don’t have to.”  He replied, trying to hold back his excitement.  In truth he wanted nothing more than to have his sexy wife orally fuck his rod.

“I want to.” She replied.  Not waiting for him to answer, she wormed her tied body down till her head was able to rest on his hip.   She began to nuzzle at his crotch, kissing at his hard on, knowing the temptation of his tied wife giving him head was too much to resist.

Ty didn’t bother to fake a protest any further.  He was as excited as Jamie and his cock had been screaming for attention for the last two hours.  He opened and pulled his pants down, allowing his stiff rod to spring out free.

Jamie didn’t hesitate.  She drew his manhood into her mouth and began to suck on it as her tongue toyed over the tip.  Ty gasped loudly at the warmth of her mouth surrounding his penis, then settled into a regular pattern of moans and groans as she pumped her lips up and down his ridged shaft.

Though still tightly bound and at a somewhat unusual angle, Jamie made good on her promise to suck his cock despite not having her hands to assist.  Jamie was usually on her knees or lying between his legs when she gave him oral sex, especially if she was tied up.  This wasn’t the first time she would give head while bound, but often Ty assisted by stroking his cock to help out.  Tonight, she was intent on doing it all on her own.

And she did.  Ty had been so turned on all evening that it wasn’t going to take long to come at all.  Jamie was doing such an amazing job sucking on his cock that he feared he blow off in just seconds.  Jamie must have sensed this, for she switched tactics and slowed her pace, going from fast fucking to slow, purposeful stimulation.  At some points, she hardly moved, just enough to elicit a moan from her husband while keeping him rock hard.  Even tied and helpless, Jamie still knew how to tease and please her man and extend his little fantasy.

Jamie was able to keep him aroused and excited for over fifteen minutes before she knew she would need to either finish him off or rest.  Her jaw was getting tried and wanted to make him come before she had to quit.  So she switched back to fast pumping and fucked her husbands cock orally.

Jamie had been keeping Ty just on the outer rim of his orgasm for several minutes.  Now that she was back to fucking his rod, it didn’t take long to complete the cycle.  In less than a minute, he went from softly moaning to hard groans and spasms.  He warned his wife that he was about to blow, but she didn’t extricate herself or slack her pace.  With a long hard grunt and with Jamie plunging her mouth down the entire length of his shaft, his orgasm erupted, blasting the first volley of his hot sperm into her mouth.  Jamie swallowed like mad, keeping up with wave after wave of come pumping into her mouth that he expelled amidst his groans of bliss.

After a long and powerful orgasm, his cum supply dwindled to a trickle and his rod softened.  Now in a diminished state, Jamie could relax her jaw and was able to keep his tool inside her mouth long after the last drop of come dripped out.  She decided to submissively keep her lips encircling his cock until he extracted it himself, even if it meant getting him hard again in the process.  She had no problem being his little sex doll this evening.

“Oh wow, that was so incredible.” He said as he pulled his wife off his tool.  As he complimented her on her oral presentation, he worked her back up till her head was resting on her pillow, lying on her bound hands again.

“I guess it’s time for me to show you how much I like having you tied up and in this outfit.” He said as he fingered the clasp holding the top of her outfit up.

“You just did that.” she replied. Making them both laugh.

“True.” He said, rolling her over and untied her wrists. “But let me be expressive back to you.”  A moment later, she was back on her back and Ty was binding her wrists to the top corners of the bed.  When making their purchase, they purposefully sought out a bed that would lend well to bondage, providing lots of sturdy placed to affix restraints.  It was confirmed how well it work the evening after it was delivered, when Jamie was tightly bound naked to it face down and Ty was busy getting her to climax.

Ty began to slowly explore her body again, fanning the flames of desire once more.  She had settled some while giving him head, but was back to a roaring blaze soon enough, especially when he unlatched the catches and slowly pulled the top of the bibs down, exposing her breasts to him.  He played with her boobs to her utter delight, fondling, licking, caressing, sucking, squeezing and pinching her nipples, making her squirm hard against the ropes and moan constantly.

A short time later and after discarding the remainder of his clothing, the ropes came off her legs and the denim outfit was completely removed, leaving her naked with only the white high heels remaining.  Her legs were spread wide and her ankles tied to the corners at the end of the bed, completing a perfect tied and very tightly applied spread eagle.  Jamie loved being tied this way, open, helpless and vulnerable to whatever her husband had in mind for her.

Ty joined Jamie on the bed and soon was working his wife into a frenzy.  Every part of her naked and bound body was touch, kissed, groped and licked.  Jamie moaned and groaned, encouraging her husband as he delighted her to no end, at last focusing on her pussy, first with his hands and then his mouth and tongue.

The orgasm she exploded into was long and powerful, making her cry out in sheer euphoria as wave after wave of erotic pleasure rampaged though her frame.  Ty made it go on and on, licking at her clit and thrusting his tongue into her while lightly pulling at hard nipples.  Ty worried if the neighbors would complain about the noise.

After a brief rest, Ty began all over.  This time he was more focused, working her up quickly to a second amazing orgasm and later a third, all in less than twenty or so minutes.  Though not as strong as the first, each was still enjoyable and made Jamie cry out in erotic joy.

After giving her a few moments to recover, Jamie requested Ty apply his invigorated tool to her hot love box.  Ty moved his body up between her outstretch legs and easily slid his rock hard rod into her wet pussy.  The intercourse was long and pleasurable, the newlyweds moaning and groaned to his rhythmic thrusts plunging deep into Jamie.  Perspiration covered their bodies as the sex went for a long time.

At last, feeling his load begin to build, Ty increased his speed and power, driving into his bound wife harder and deeper.  Jamie was gasping with each inward stroke, calling his name and pleading her pleasures to him until with one last hard thrust and loud gasp, Ty climaxed, blasting his load of cum deep into her sex.

After his orgasm subsided, Ty collapsed onto his wife, the two breathing hard and enjoying the sweet afterglow of an amazing evening of hot and kinky sex.  Looking at the clock it was well past 10, showing the two had been at it for nearly four hours.

After a long period of recovered and kissing, Ty finally extracted himself and freed his sexy and satisfied wife from the ropes that had held her captive since dinner.  They cleaned up and crawled into bed, exhausted and spent, but with their nude bodies intertwined long into the night, blissfully sleeping well into the morning.

“So, would you want me to wear that again some day?” she asked over a late breakfast, already knowing the answer.  Her hair was still damp from her shower.

“Oh yeah, definitely.” He replied.  “Of course, you know what will happen if I do.”

“If it’s anything like last night, I’m game.” She replied and meant it.

Classes started for Jamie and Labor Day came and went.  Their time together was getting limited, but they still made it priority to spend as much of it together as they could.  Ty took on extra household responsibly to give Jamie extra time to study and work, and this did not go unnoticed.  And since Ty did not badger Jamie to repeat the sexy outfit again, even though it was a hope she did, she decided to show her appreciation for his understating.

The following weekend, after working together to clean their apartment and do a few loads of laundry, Ty ran a couple errands shortly after lunch.  Since they had plans that evening to go out with friends, Jamie decided they should play beforehand and was going to make it clear to him what she wanted when he arrived home.

So when Ty returned shortly before two, he found his newlywed bride atop the coffee table, again dressed in the sexy denim outfit, this time with red five inch high heels on her feet, laying on her chest with her hands behind her back and her legs bent back, feet crossed, in a suggestive mock hogtie position that was a favorite of them both. The backpack was on the floor and several loops of rope lay beside her, along with the red knotted bandana up by her head.  Her hair and make was done up big and bold, as was the smile on her face and the mischievous sparking in her eyes, telling him she was ready to play.

“Since we have some time to kill before dinner, I just thought that since you enjoyed me playing the part of a sexy little country girl so much the other night, you’d like to put me in a tight little hogtie for a while.” She said, squirming slightly as she spoke.  “Then have me suck off your cock again.”

“That I would.”  He said excitedly. Moments later Jamie was tightly hogtied, happily squirming and softly moaning into her gag.  Ty looked on, his petrified cock begging to enter her warm inviting mouth.  The gag would be replaced with his stiff cock in short order.  And he would show his gratitude later by tying her naked body down spread eagle to the table top, imposing a climax or two onto her helpless figure before sliding his restored rod into her love box.  They never dreamed married life could be this good.

While Jamie was always ever so sexy to Ty and was truly his fantasy girl, this country girl sexy look was special for them both, and they neither failed to enjoy what follow each time she dressed in the little outfit, a unique and special gift to her loving and kinky husband that they both spend hours delighting and taking great pleasures in.
