---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Caught in a Compromising Spot
authors:
- Tigon
tags:
- Sbm
- F+/m
- bond
- gag
- caught
- diaper
- cuffs
- mittens
- inf
- chairtie
- climax
- reluct
- cons
- X
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

I thought my roommate was out for the night, she had assured me that she would not be home until tomorrow. I had double checked, highly valuing some personal kinky time after a stressful week. The front door opening told me a different story.

I heard Laura’s voice as well as her friend Lexi. I knew I should be fine, as long as I stayed quiet (not hard with the stuff gag) and my door remained shut. Spread eagle on my bed, cuffed to the four posts, I can’t do much but lay quietly and hope they leave. My key release probably had at least another hour before the ice melted.

I tried to quiet down my breathing, and hear what they were talking about. Maybe they just forgot something and were about to leave. I started to get really nervous when I heard my name “Jack,” and Laura said “I bet he is doing it right now.” The telltale creak of my door opening revealed my diapered self, otherwise naked form, helpless and scared. Laughter erupted from both of them.

“No freaking way!” cried Lexi.

“I knew it, he is such a pervert,” laughed Laura. “Jack, you were careless. When you let me borrow your printer yesterday I noted an open suitcase of kinky toys on your floor. That is on you.”

“Oh my god, I… his diaper is so cute,” Lexi cooed, “but wait. You didn’t tell me yet how you knew he would do things tonight.”

Laura replied “Lexi, his eyes lit up when I said I would not be home tonight. He must have asked me at least three times.”

I groaned into my gag, so ashamed that my excitement and carelessness betrayed me. I tried to talk to them, to reply, and tell them to let me go. It all came out as soft mumbles.

I can hear one of them dig through my bag. “He has so much! So Laura, are you thinking what I am?”

“Lexi, my love, we should give him exactly what he wants,” Laura proclaimed. “You start looking through his bag, I have the perfect thing for him to wear.”

The next thing I felt was fabric being pulled over my hands, and it being buckled at the wrist; Lexi slipped thumbless mittens on my hands. The thick material left my hands near useless.

Lext pulled my blindfold off, and my eyes slowly adjusted to the bright light, the sight of two beautiful women leaning over me, evil grins on both of them.

“Now Jackie, we have a proposition,” said Laura. “Either we can leave you here until morning, maybe stick a vibrator down your diaper. Maybe we will bring some friends over from the club.”

I shook my head no vigorously, I could not stay like this and be seen by more people.

“...or you let us play with you for an hour or so, and then you will let you be while we go out.”

I hated the idea of not knowing what they had in mind, but it can’t be worse than being stuck here all night, and I can make it an hour, right?

Lexi looked in my eyes, “Grunt once if we leave you and twice if we play with you, and you agree to do as we say.”

I swallowed and gave two soft grunts.

“I’m sorry, what was that? A mouse?” said Lexi, leaning in.

I gave two loud grumps, scared at what I just agreed to.

The cuffs were released from my ankles, and Laura held up something for me to see. “I have this lovely pink satin playsuit. It just goes so well with the diaper aesthetic. And you are just about my size.”

“That must be for a baby. Why do you have that?” questioned Lexi.

“An ex gave it to me, he thought it was sexy, but it isn’t my thing,” replied Laura.

Lexi laughed, “Then it is perfect for baby Jackie.”

The soft romper slid up my legs, pulling taught and snug over my diaper, but surprisingly a perfectly humiliating fit. Had I looked for sissy clothes, I would have ogled at this.

One at a time, each arm was released and the sleeves pulled on. My arms were brought together and cuffed in front of me, I almost fought it, but with the mittens on, I was stuck in my attire. I didn’t know what they would do if I broke the deal, as I was not in a position to do much about it.

I was helped to a seated position and Lexi ordered me to stand.

I meekly complied, scared at what happened, what was happening, and terrified at what might be coming. I was also, deep inside, REALLY excited, because this was a major fantasy for me come true.

I felt the zipper slide up my back, then heard giggles of sadistic delight, as a collar went around my neck, the leash in Lexi’s hands.

This was followed by the snaps of a phone taking pictures. I was turned around and faced Laura, just as a flash went off.

“Oh my god,” shrieked Leslie. “Let’s tie him up on the porch, like to the chair?”

“I will bring this,” Laura said, pulling my bag of toys over her shoulder.

As Lexi pulled on my leash, I groaned in despair, there was now way I could go out there.

“Oh you will pay for that, but how about we stay inside for now?” Lex said.

As she ordered me to walk to the living room, I failed to realize they were not following right behind me. I did once I heard whispers, and turned around to see them smirk at me.

“Yes, let’s get him all bound up in the living room,” Laura replied.

They first strapped me in my harness, which further pins my arms to my sides.

As I sat, as ordered in the computer chair I felt the straps between my legs tug into me, driving my thoughts wild.

My cuffs were re-cuffed around the back of the chair, and further straps were added to secure me to it. My legs were tied to each other and to the center bar, pulling my feet off the ground.

I have never been so securely tied up, like ever.

I took comfort in being able to move my head until I saw them pull out my posture collar.

I begged through the gag, I was both terrified and turned on by the idea of having no freedom at all.

“Well either I can put this on you right now, or I can wheel you outside right now.” Lexi scolds.

In fear, I lifted my head, and gulped as the collar went around and my neck was immobilized.

A blindfold was placed over my eyes, taking away that sense. I could only listen.

I now was truly more helpless than I could imagine. I felt the chair move, and spin a few ways. Soon I had no idea where in the room I was or what way I was facing. I caught a whiff of perfume and felt movement in the air. A crop smacked my thigh playfully, the sudden pain making me writhe.

They keep up the teasing in different ways. I was actually starting to really get into it. I started to fantasize and then it hit me that my reality right now was my fantasy. After some tickling, suddenly there was nothing. No tickling, smacking, and I had no idea what was coming. I could hear some movement around me, so I knew they were still here. A sharp quick pain on my nipple, as somebody bit it, not too hard. I was so overwhelmed that my whole body just shuddered with a ripple of pleasure. I let out a moan as I felt myself get harder.

“Lexi!” cried Laura in astonishment, “...wow, Jack. You seem to really like that.”

I felt pressure against my crotch, “Oh, he loved that. He is so hard.” I jolted against my bonds, “Laura, this is so hot.”

“You know, I think it is time for a little break,” said Laura. “You are at about 45 minutes, Jack.”

“I want to use this too!” Lexi exclaimed, “I want to start it on low and really drive him wild.”

I tried to put together what they meant, when suddenly I felt a soft hand slip up under the romper and into the diaper. Her hands brushed against me, causing me to jerk again. I then felt the item she held. She clicked the vibrator on low and withdrew her hand.

“Lexi, I think you are turned on now,” Laura laughed.

The little toy was driving me wild, teasing me but not enough to get to the edge.

I then felt my chair being moved, I had no idea where. The smell of meat cooking on a grill hit my nose and I realized I was now on the porch, I could hear street noises nearby. I think the cooking was from the patio below our deck!

I tried not to move a muscle, and fought movement as I was slowly teased, it was almost a tickle of sexual torture. I was kept hard, and my excitement grew, but just not enough to climax.

I tried to listen to noises, to know if I was being watched, but I couldn't focus on anything, the vibrator kept my attention.

“Jackie,” a soft voice whispered. “This is Lexi. I want you to know that this is fucking hot!” Her hand slipped back in, and the vibrator was now on a very intense setting.

She slid her nail gently down my leg. “Five minutes left.”

There were so many thoughts going through my mind right now; I was overloaded. “This is hot,” she said. Oh my god, the sensations, I felt myself building. I was humiliated and on display for who knows. I got closer, soon I will be past the point of no return. I was tied up and helpless.

I felt my eyes roll back a little, my body tensed, and as if every helpless muscle tensed and then suddenly relaxed at once, I exploded. The sense of ecstasy hit me like a wave, and then with every twitch, I cum a little more. The vibrator was still going strong and everything was so sensitive, and in my restrained state I could not do anything about it but I knew it must stop. I felt as if I was shaking, and I couldn't focus, it was just so intensely good. I loved that I could do nothing about it.

I felt the chair being pulled in, but that barely drew my attention.

“Oh my god Jack,” Laura laughed.

A familiar hand reached back in, as I convulse in my bonds. The toy was fortunately turned off and I was left, unable or willing to move any.

I heard somebody go down the hall.

“I had to bring you inside,” Laura explained. “You were moaning so loud, but I don’t think you were seen.”

I sighed with hopeful relief, that was at least something.

“Before Lexi gets back, she is cleaning the vibrator up,” Laura whispered. “I think she has a crush on you.”

I blushed, and let the thought sink in.

“I am pretty sure she was touching herself while we watched you.”

I still can’t move, and even if I could, I have no energy anymore.

I blinked my eyes, the lights so much as Laura pulled off my mask.

I could then see Lexi walk down the hall. I felt a warm glow inside because she looked flushed, like a glow about her. Our eyes met and my cheeks reddened, reality coming back to me. I had just had a life changing orgasm, tied up and completely helpless to resist. Also my roommate and her gorgeous best friend had taken my self-bondage to an entirely new level.

They helped me to my bed, removing my gag and bonds.

Laura patted me on the side and walked out. Lexi came and adjusted the covers around me, tucking me in.

I tried to talk, but she just kissed me on the forehead.

“You rest now Jack, we can talk later.”

I heard the door close and soon I was alone, letting the calm and joy wash over me. I reached to scratch my nose and realised my hands were still in mittens, and the mittens were clipped together. The rest of me was untied, but there was no way I could get myself free. I was too elated to care.

I woke up to somebody curling up to me, holding me, I was the little spoon.

Lexi was gently running her hand over my body, the other scratching my head softly.

I melted as she hit a weakness of mine, and moaned in delight.

As I was rolled onto my back, my bound hands were pinned over my head.

I fully submitted to her, her seductive gaze searing into me.

“I want you Jack. Do you want me?”

Without breaking eye contact, I uttered a soft “Yes.”

Only then did I realize she was in only black lace panties, her goddess body on full display over me.

“Then you need to go shower first,” she giggles.

After she helped me get free, she smacked my ass as I was ushered to the shower.

The hot water stung where she got me, and that made me smile.
