---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Joe & Tami
authors:
- Inferno of the Soul
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- leather
- sleepsack
- maid
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-04-11 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Joe & Tami**](joe_tami.html))

**Part 2**

“Now stop that you have had enough fun for one day its time for bed.” Joe said his voice light with laughter at her reaction. “You wouldn’t like this at all. Isn’t that what you said?” Joes asked her as he removed the gag.

“Oh hush I was wrong ok. Can I please stay like this for a little longer?” Tami begged.

“Nope its time for bed and you need your sleep.” Joe finished undoing her and helped her stand. Joe took her arm and started to lead her to towards the study.

When they passed by the study Tami look questionably at Joe and asked. “You’re not putting me in that cell of yours tonight?”

“Well no I figured you didn’t need be down there so I was going to let you sleep with me in a real bed or if you would like you can sleep on that old cot?” Joe just grinned at her.

“No I like your plan as is.” Tami was not about to spend another night trying to sleep on that damn cot, but she didn’t think that Joe would try to take advantage of her like this not that she would really mind if he did. Joe led her upstairs to his bedroom.

Joe closed the door behind them as they entered. “Alright let’s get you into you bed clothes and hit the hay.” Joe said.

They walked over the bed and Tami saw some straps and something made of leather. Joe had Tami sit on the bed as he picked up the leather mass. He bunched up half of it and started working her feet into it. Once her feet were in the way he wanted he began to work it up her legs. Once he got it up to her knees Joe had Tami stand and Joe keep working it up to just below her waist.

“You are such a tease.” Tami said as Joe picked up a dildo.

“Well I do my best.” Joe smiled and carefully pushes it into her still wet sex. As Joe pushed the dildo into her Tami let out a moan and found herself wishing that it was Joe’s dick pushing its way into her.

“What are you putting me in?” Tami asked trying to distract her taught from were they were going.

“It’s a sleeping sack.” Joe answered pulling it over her hips.

“Ok Tami put your arms in the sleeves.” Joe said holding up the sleeping sack. Tami did as she was told and Joe pulled the sleeping sack up and over her shoulders. Going around behind Tami Joe pulled the zipper up from her ankles up to about the middle of her back.

“Wow that’s tight.” Tami said when Joe stopped pulling on the zipper.

“It not all the way up yet. I need to get your hood on first.”

Pulling open a near by drawer Joe pulled out a leather hood and posture collar. The hood had two small mesh holes under the nose and a small tube that came out of the mouth area to allow anyone to breath or drink through the attacked penis gag were the only opening. “Open up.”

Tami opened her mouth and Joe pushes in the hoods dildo gag into her mouth and then pulled the hood over her head and laced it shut. Joe then finished zipping Tami into the sleeping sack the strapped the posture collar around her neck. Joe helped Tami lay down on the bed then picked up the two straps. Joe used one of the straps on the D-ring on the top of the hood to secure Tami to the top of the bed and the other on the D-ring on the bottom of her feet to secure her to the bottom of the bed.

“There now you can’t run away or fall out of bed. O ya that dildo in you is a vibrator.” Joe said as he pushes the on button on the dildos remote.

It only took a second for Tami to start moaning again. Joe then went about getting ready for bed himself and slid into the bed next to Tami.

“Sleep well.” Joe said to her as he pulled the covers over them and closed his eyes.

Tami didn’t think the ‘sleep well’ comment was very funny as the vibrator buzz away in her. It wasn’t strong enough to allow her to orgasm only keep her on the edge. Tami tried to fall asleep, but the small vibrator prevented any chance she had to fall easily to sleep. Time passed slowly to Tami as the vibrator pushed her slowly to insanity, but soon Tami’s need for an orgasm was over shadowed with exhaustion and she fell asleep.

Joe woke up early the next morning and looked over to the tightly bound Tami and smiled. “Well I think its time to wake up.”

Joe yawned and picked up the remote for Tami’s vibrator from the side table were he had put it after she had passed out last night. Joe hit the ‘ON’ switch and turned it to its strongest setting then got comfortable to watch the show. It didn’t take long for the powerful vibrations to bring Tami fully awake. Joe watched as Tami leather bound form trashed wildly on the bed and listened to song of the muffled moans. When Joe figured she had had enough fun he turned the vibrator off and began releasing Tami.

“You are such a evil man.” Tami said breathlessly once Joe pulled the gag free from her mouth.

“What you didn’t like my wake up call?” Joe grinned. “Would you of rather had me shake you awake?”

“No, I enjoyed the wake up call, but you’re still evil.” Tami said returning the smile.

“How am I evil?” Joe asked rolling her over and unzipping the sleeping sack.

“You’re evil because of what you do to me and the fact the more you do the more I want you to do it.” Tami answered pulling her arms free. “So what’s the plan for today?” Tami asked stretching.

“Well first up is a shower then you‘ll have to wait and see.” Joe said his evil smile crossing his face.

“Why do I have a feel I am not going to like what you got planned.” Tami said. Tami got off the bed and started off towards the bathroom.

“And were do you think your going like that?” Asked Joe as he pulled out a piece of rope out of a near by chair. Tami smiled and practically danced back to Joe.

“Were you want them boss?” Tami asked shacking her wrist in front of her.

“Hamm I think behind you will do nicely and if you act now you can get your elbows tied from the same price.” Joe said in a cheap imitation of a infomercial host.

“Yay twice the fun for the same price how can I pass up that deal.” Tami said then burst out laughing as she turned her back to Joe and placed her hands behind her.

Joe started trying her wrist as he said. “What have I done, I think your getting hooked. Now tell me when the strain on your shoulders gets to be too much.” Joe said as he finished tying her wrist and picked up another piece of rope. Finding the middle of the rope Joe wrapped it around Tami’s elbows and slowly began to tighten it. Joe was surprised when he was easily able to pull Tami’s elbows together. As Joe was tying off the rope he said, “Looks like those years in gymnastics are still with you.”

“This feels kind of weird.” Tami said as she tried moving her arms.

“Well its going to feel weird how often do you have your elbows touching behind your back? Now get will ya.” Joe said giving her a smack on ass. Tami let out a yelp of surprise and pranced off into the bathroom with Joe on her heels.

“So how am I suppose to take a shower if you got my arms all bound up behind me?” Tami asked as Joe was stepping out of his boxers.

“Well my hands should be enough for both of us I think now get in there.” Joe said he turned on the water.

Tami stepped into the shower and Joe behind sliding the door shut behind them. Picking up the soap Joe began to carefully soap up her body. Pushing her directly under the water and wrapped his arms around her from behind. One of Joe’s hands found Tami’s breasts and began to message them and every now and then would roll or gently pinch her nipples. His other hand made a slow trip down to her sex and began to slowly caress her clit.

“Mmmmm that feels good.” Tami said as she leaned into Joe’s chest.

Moving back a bit Tami found Joe’s dick and began massaging it encouraging it to grow. Joe tightened his hold on Tami and easily pushed in first one finger then a second one. It wasn’t long before Tami was trusting her hips against his hand as an orgasm raced though her. Joe stopped fingering her and turning her around was surprised at the force in her kiss as her lips shoot to his the moment she was facing him.

“If you can give a gal an orgasm that can knock her off her feet and can kiss like that I’m surprised that you don’t have women clawing at your door.” Tami spoke softly when the kiss was broken.

The sound of the phone ringing stopped them. Turning Tami around Joe quickly untied her arms and said, “Go into the room next to mine and put on what I laid out for you?”

“What tired of me being naked?” Tami teased.

“Just do it you’ll understand what I got planned for you when you see what it is.” Joe left the bathroom and as he sat on the bed he picked up the phone. “Hello?”

“Joe its Tom.” Came the tired voice from the phone.

“Hey Tom I didn’t think that I would be hearing from you so soon. Why the hell do you sound like you haven’t slept in a week?” Joe asked.

“Well its because of the damn bastard that you provided the info on and I got to say you gave us one hell of a tip or rather that girl of yours did.” Tom responded. Joe could hear a smile though the tiredness of his voice. “We got him a few hours after we talked and have been talking to him all night and a little bit a go we learned that he was selling the lace and when we told what he was facing he cracked like a egg. He gave us the location of the warehouse. I take back what I said early this info will defiantly help Tami out.”

“That’s great news Tom thanks for letting me know, but I am going to let you go you sound like your going to pass out at any moment so get done what you need done and get some sleep.” Joe said with some appreciate to Tom.

“Ok I got a mountain of paper work to get though before I can sleep, but thanks for the thought. I’ll give you a call sometime later after I get some shut eye.” Tom yawned into the phone.

“Ok take care.” Joe said.

“You too.” Tom responded before hanging up.

Joe hung up the phone and pulled on a pair of pants. Leaving his room Joe walked into the room he had told Tami to get dressed in. A glare greeted him as he walked into the room. “What’s with that glare? I figured you were tired of being naked.” Joe was doing all he could not to let out a laugh because of the look on her face. Joe had left out a French maid costume for Tami. This wasn’t the normal maid outfit the top was cut low so if the wearer moves to quick it would bear all and the skirt was just barely covering the bottom part of her ass.

“This outfit is more embarrassing that being naked.” Tami said as she finished pulling on the gloves.

“Oh hush and come over here and let me get a good look at you to see if it will do.” Joe said doing his best not to laugh at her.

Tami walked out from behind the door she was partly hiding behind and stood in front of Joe.

Joe slowly walked around her making Tami blush. “I don’t know why you’re so embarrassed you have been naked in front of me for days. Besides you look lovely in this.”

Joe stopped walking around her and walked over to the far corner of the room were a black bag had been placed near a small wooden chair. Picking up the bag placing it on the chair Joe open it and waved his hand a Tami to come over. Joe first pulled out a set of metal cuffs all linked together. Opening the first cuff Joe closed it around Tami’s neck. Then following the chain attached the next two to her wrist. At this point he removed the bag from the chair and had Tami sit down. Joe reached into the bag and this time pulled out a pair of 6” high heel ankle boots and laced them onto Tami’s feet. Once done with the boots Joe closed the remaining cuffs to her ankles. Joe pulled out the last two items out of the bag a black ball gag and a feather duster. Holding the ball gag in front of Tami she opened her mouth and let him push the ball into her mouth and strap it tightly behind her head.

“Ok I want you to dust everything you can reach and then when you’re done with that come get me.” Joe said handing her the duster.

Tami gave Joe a slight glare and went off to begin dusting. Joe just shook his head and followed Tami out of the room and down stairs. Once down stairs Joe went off to his study so that he could get some work done. About an hour later the phone rang and when Joe picked it up a pleasant voice greeted him.

“Hey Joe how are you doing?” Said the woman on the other end.

“I can’t complain. How are you Sarah?” Sarah was the girl Joe was training when Tami and Mark had found him out.

“I’m doing ok I just wanted to call and say that I was moving back to the area and was wondering if I could stop by when I get into town?” Sarah asked.

“You know that you are always welcome here Sarah. So you moving back I didn’t think that Jason would leave his job.” Joe said.

Joe didn’t much care for Jason and Jason sure as hell didn’t like Joe. It had happened about 3 weeks after Sarah had finished her training with Joe that she had come by with her new master. Jason for some reason bothered Joe a great deal the second Joe had shook his hand and Jason wasn’t to happy to find that his sub would lesson to Joe and not only him. It turned out that Jason was only in the area for work and would be leaving with Sarah to go back to Mississippi in a few days. After he moved Sarah back with him he didn’t allow her to call Joe and that was about 4 years ago.

“So why all of a sudden is Jason letting you call me?” Joe asked.

“Well Jason isn’t the guy I thought he was. He was good at first then lately he has started going to S/M clubs and is getting more violent in the way he treats me so I told him to fuck off and I'm coming home.” Sarah said with a certain smugness.

“Well that some of the best news I have heard in a long time. That guy is a complete ass hole you deserve much better than him.” Joe relaxed into his chair as he spoke. “Give me a call when you’re back in town and we will meet up sound good?”

“That's sounds great I should be back in the next week or two. I will give you a call when I get settled in. Take care Joe I will see you soon.”

With that Sarah hung up. Joe hung up the phone and started pondering on what he thought they should do. Sarah so far was his favorite girl too have gone through his training and was immensely relieved to find out that she was no longer under the control of Jason. A few minutes later Tami came into the study and began dusting. Joe just watched her as he let his mind consider what he would do when Sarah came back up here. Joe was not sure what it was he wanted. On one hand Sarah was a great sub and person and he cared about her, but on the other hand there was Tami. Joe had always cared about Tami having been such good friends with Mark for so long, but he always taught it was more like the way a brother cares for a younger sister, but now he was finding that it was much more than that. Tami coming over to him stopped his thoughts on the subject for the moment.

“Have you finished dusting?” Joe asked and Tami shook her head. “Ok time for a short break then you can vacuum.”

The short break was actually a lunch break were Joe made them a couple sandwiches.

“Why do you look like your a million miles away, what’s on your mind?” Tami asked between bites.

Joe just looked at her for a moment before responding deciding what to tell her and how much. “I am just trying to figure out some things.”

Tami frowned slightly at Joe.

“Don’t worry I just got a lot to think about and its taking its toll. Though I got some good news for you. That dealer you told me about has been arrested and was selling a new lace. He also sang like a bird in spring and told the cops were the local manufacturer is. The best bit of this is that you have been marked with turning him in and this information has been placed in the file that the judge will see on you. So as long as we keep you clean we shouldn’t have any worries about you getting thrown in jail.” Joe smiled and hope that she won’t try to pry any farther, but he did get a laugh at his mental picture of her trying to eat around a gag.

“Well that is good news, but how did you find all that out?” Tami asked suddenly very curious.

“I helped the local police a few years back and became good friends with one them and he called me this morning and told me.” Joe answered.

“Well that’s good. Anyways I am finished can you do what you’re going to do to me so that I can finish cleaning.” Tami said.

“You know I think its good that you aren’t being actually trained because your ass would be as red as a barn by now. Come on lets get you started.” Joe said getting up and walking out of the kitchen with Tami on his heels. Joe took Tami into a small room that had all of his cleaning supplies. “Get the vacuum and meet me in my study.” Joe told Tami as he resecured the ball gag into Tami’s mouth.

Darting out of the room Joe quickly made his way into his study and tough the hidden door down to his dungeon. “Were is it?” Joe said aloud to himself as he searched though the cabinets and drawers. “Ha this should be interesting.”

An evil grin passed Joe lips as he pulled a blue vibrator from its shelf. Picking up a chastity belt on his way back up stairs. Tami was already waiting for him when Joe emerged from the hidden door. Summoning Tami over to him Joe secured the waist strap of the chastity belt around Tami’s waist and loosely pulled the strap up between her legs. “Lets see if this helps stop those smart ass remarks of yours.” Joe said his grin getting slightly wider.

Joe eased the vibrator into Tami who let out a muffled moan as it entered her. Switching the vibrator on Joe tighten the strap between her legs and locked the buckle in back. The vibrator that Joe had used was a very special one. Unlike most vibrators this one was designed to stimulate, but not to allow an orgasm.

“Now get to work it’s a battery powered vacuum so you don’t have to worry about a cord and make sure you do it right.” Joe sat down behind his desk and watched Tami vacuum the room.

By the time she was half way done with the study it was easy to tell that Tami was extremely frustrated and had figured out that the vibrator locked inside of her would not be giving her an orgasm any time soon. When Tami finished with the study and left the room Joe closed the door behind her and figured he'd give Mark a ring before Mark decided that he would come over. Picking up the phone Joe punched in the number and waited for Mark to pick up.

“Its about time you called Joe.” Came Marks voice.

“Sorry I haven’t called sooner, but there hasn’t been much to update you on lately. Though I do have something that is worth the telling and that’s why I called.” Joe then told Mark about his conversation with Tom.

“Good news hell that’s great news to hear.” Mark said. Joe could hear the smile in Marks voice. “Well I need to go so I can call Mom and pass on the info. Take care Joe and give Tami our Love.”

“Don’t worry I will Mark.” Joe said then hung up the phone.

Getting up from the desk Joe decided that he would go and see how Tami was doing. Joe found her a few rooms down form his study. If it was easy to tell she was frustrated before now it was all but obvious. Her skin was covered in a light shine of sweat giving her a slight glow. Her face was flush and she was blushing slightly. Her breathing was short and quick. Every so often a soft moan could be heard over the soft sound of vacuum. Joe didn’t know if Tami was knowingly rocking her hips back and forth as she worked quickly or not. Folding his arms in front of him and leaned against the doorframe and quietly watched Tami work.

Tami had finished the room and was going to leave when she realized Joe was standing in the doorway watching her. She shot him a glare, but after a brief moment, her look of frustration changed to desire. Joe felt that her eyes were begging him to allow her an orgasm. At least that’s was all he would allow himself to believe they were begging for. Stepping away from the door he said. “It doesn’t come out until you are finished so I would hurry, but if I find that you missed a spot you will be sleeping with it down stairs for the rest of the week.”

Tami dropped her head in defeat and walking past him looked up at him for briefest of moment her eyes full of that need that Joe was refusing meant any more than her need for a orgasm. Joe’s thoughts were running wild in his mind. Knowing that he needed to get his thoughts back under control Joe returned to his study. Sitting down in one of the soft recliners off to one side of the room near the cold fireplace he relaxed into to the chair and started to master his thoughts.

Joe knew that his feelings for Tami were always there just held so tightly that he didn’t realized that his feelings for her went deeper than what he thought or was it that the love he felt for her simply grew to what he was feeling now that she had come into his world. Then what was it that he had seen in Tami's eyes? Yes, there was the desperate need for an orgasm, but there was something deeper in that look a even stronger desire that was aimed at him. It called to him his own desires fighting with his self-control to answer her call.

“No, she is just calling out to me because of everything and I am the one helping her. It will pass once she is back on her feet.” Joe said aloud to himself.
