---
original_url: https://www.trashcanstories.net/storiessz/trashedatschool2.html
subcategory: Erotic Stories
title: Trashed at School 2
authors:
- WillNotWill
tags:
- Solo-F
- MF+/f
- punishment
- strip
- naked
- food
- waste
- messy
- arousal
- trashcan
- encase
- hum
- bagged
- disposal
- hoseoff
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2016-01-26 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Trashed at School**](trashedatschool.html))

story continued from [part one](trashedatschool2.html)

**Part Two**

I became more and more preoccupied about the experience. What was it? On its face it was humiliating and disgusting, but somehow thinking about it made my heart race. I longed to experience it again. I fantasized about how to make the most of it. I’d do it differently. How could I? Would they give me the same punishment?

I alternated between thinking this was silly and disgusting with a burning desire. Finally one depressing day I couldn’t take it anymore. The vice principal was standing near the trash cans. I took my milk carton and carefully aimed it to miss the cans but to narrowly miss him. His eyes burned at me. He pulled a pad from his pocket and scrawled something. “We’ll give you some time to think about this… for a start.” I wasn’t sure what it meant, but the note was an order to appear for trash duty the next day.

I showed up in the cafeteria before the lunch periods started. The lunch lady looked at me and shook her head. “You again?” I nodded and started to get undressed. With slight hesitation, I undid my bra and slipped out of my panties and added them to the stack of clothes for safe keeping.

I turned to see the janitor watching me. “I’m ready, Jim,” I said and marched out to the cans. Jim deftly lifted me into the can and I sank down. The lunch period started and I began to regret this whole thing let alone the fact I left my underwear behind. Soon the first bag was launched at me and I got my courage up. I straightened up so I was clearly visible to all that approached. I instinctively covered my breast and crotch with my arms but then decided, no. I placed my arms at my sides. More trash came in. Much was aimed squarely at me. Guys came to gawk at me. Soon people were scraping their plates in a way to launch. Some kind of chicken and green beans and creamed corn. The latter was a common item to hurl at me as it was pretty disgusting to eat and even more so to have running down your body.

I continued my defiance as the level of trash rose around me. Milk and corn was dumped on my head. Green beans stuck to my body. Even maintaining my best upright posture by the third lunch period foot piled up nearly to the top of my head. I took it all in. I wiggled through the slimy mess. Soon Jim would take me out and it would be over.

I felt something rummaging around me. It was the lunch lady using a large spoon to compress the trash around my head exposing my face. She then started bringing up the top of the trash bag but rather than pulling it over my head as Jim had done she stopped at my neck. She produced a roll of duct tape and sealed the bag at my neck. “What’s happening?” I asked.

“Jim got called to fix the boiler. He said he’d be back in an hour or so to take out the trash and I should tape you up so the place don’t smell.”

Oh, I thought. She left me and I sat there. I must be quite some sight. Sitting with a trash bag taped around my neck. Corn and milk and other slime was in my hair and running down my face. The thought of it was strange. I longed for a mirror. I wiggled my arms towards my crotch and after working my way through the trash and food slime found my privates and started to massage myself. I soon felt an incredible climax.

I slumped down afterwards drained and before long Jim appeared. I was taken out to the dumpster and tossed in. The only difference this time is that I could see what was happening as was pitched in. Before I could claw my way out of the bag another launched in on top of me. Again the dumpster had older, riper smells than the trash. I dug my way out of the bag and climbed out of the dumpster.

Jim was there with his hose and I presented myself to him. I thought it was odd that a short time ago the concept of standing naked in front of the janitor and letting him hose me off was a nightmare idea but hear I was. I let him get my front and back and my hair and moved into the kitchen to dry off and put my clothes back on.

The lunch lady handed me a note. The assistant principal wanted me to report to his office first thing tomorrow. There was going to be more.
