---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Spinal Web
authors:
- Plaza Fan
tags:
- Machine/f
- cyborg
- bodymod
- sci-fi
- vr
- mc
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-10-18 00:00:00
---

Anne was closing in on her 18th birthday and she had mixed feelings about it. She was eager and excited to finally enter the realm of Adulthood, but at the same time she was scared; scared since she didn’t have a clue what was going to happen. All she knew was that her Guardian had prepared her for this step all her life and that all her friends that had entered Adulthood simply had disappeared, not to be heard of ever more.

At birth, every human got an assigned Guardian – a Cyborg with the responsibility for the education, growth and preparation for the final transition to Adulthood. As everyone else, Anne got her Guardian at birth; he was called John and you couldn’t actually tell that he wasn’t human. Of course she knew that he was a Cyborg and that his task was to serve and take care of her, but she seldom thought of him as an “it”.

He had cared for every aspect of her growth and education, and this included lengthy practice sessions where her sexuality where explored. She got a warm feeling in her body when she thought about what he could do to his Cyborg body, and what those things did to her body. She had learned to orgasm in the most intense ways while his constantly adapting limbs adjusted to fill her up and caress her body in the most pleasurable ways possible.

She had repeatedly asked him about what will happen on her 18th birthday and what the transition to Adulthood was all about, but he never really answered in any way that satisfied her curiosity. He talked about things like “being connected”, “enter a new state” and other far-out things that she never understood. Still, he was very reassuring that the world she was about to enter was a wonderful place.

The party

At her 18th birthday, Anne threw a party for her friends. She knew that it was probably the last time she ever saw them, and the party was a mix of joy and sorrow. As always, the party was eventually all about sex. After all, they’d all been thoroughly trained by their Guardians to enjoy sex in every possible way. She always enjoyed having sex with her human friends, but no one could come even close to satisfying her the way that John, her Guardian, could.

Under normal circumstances she would get a number of orgasms during the parties, but afterwards when they came home, John would take care of her until she was completely exhausted and satisfied. Today, though, things were different. Since she knew that she wasn’t about to see her friends any more, there was a bitter-sweet flavor to the sex with them and the orgasms. And when the party ended, John didn’t take care of her the way he normally did.

OK, this is it, Anne thought. It is going to happen, and I still don’t know what it’s all about. She could tell that John also was a bit tense and that this was a big moment for him as well. She suddenly realized that she didn’t know if he’d be a part of her new life so she asked him. John hesitated for a while and then he replied “we will always be inseparable”.  To Anne, that was reassuring since she had learned to trust and depend on John, but it also sounded so… final… in some way. She didn’t get any opportunity to explore the subject any further since John told her to prepare herself for the trip.

“Take some clothes on” he said, “and have a last look around, we will not return to this place”.

“Can I bring some favorite things” Anne asked.

“No, where we are going you don’t need those things” John said. This wasn’t going to be easy. She slowly put her favorite clothes on (so she’d at least get some favorite things with her). Seeing her friends for the last time was hard, and now she must also leave her home and all her things behind. And she still didn’t know where she was going! She knew that this was the way of life, a natural part of growth, but it still wasn’t easy. With tears in her eyes she had a last look at what had been her home for the last 18 years, took a deep breath and said “OK, I’m ready”.

John took her to a Transporter and they arrived at a place where Anne had never been before. It was an enormous building that reminded of a factory (…had she ever heard of such a thing…) and once they entered the building her associations would rather had been in the direction of “morgue”, had she ever heard of such a thing…

The transition

John led her past what seemed to be miles of small hatchways in the walls, and they finally arrived to a room full of Cyborgs, preparing for an operation. The master surgeon, Martha, took Anne aside and finally explained to her what was going to happen.

“All adults are connected to the ‘Spinal web’” she explained. “The Spinal web enables you to explore your feeling, interact with other adults and enjoy your life. You will also have a direct link to your Guardian, and he will be able to give you pleasure in ways never possible up till now”.

“To make all of this possible, we must implant a ‘Spinal web Interface’ to your spinal cord. This is a standard procedure that will only take a couple of minutes and it will not be painful in any way”.

Anne looked at her in disbelief; attaching an interface to her spinal cord!? That sounded dangerous. “What will happen once that interface is in place”, Anne asked.

“You will be able to meet your old friends that are already connected to the spinal web, and you will be able to enjoy your life beyond your wildest expectations. There’s literary no limit to what you can do and there’s no limit to the pleasure you can feel”, Martha replied.

Anne hesitated, but couldn’t really imagine a way out of this. Scary at it seemed, it was “the way of life” and all her old friends had already taken this step. And “pleasure without limits” sounded kind of interesting…

What went wrong?

No one knows what went wrong. In fact; no one on the planet is even aware that something might be “wrong”. After all – this is the way life is, isn’t it?

Centuries ago, man started to use robots and cyborgs as work force and for entertainment. Of course the laws of robotics where always mandatory, stating that a robot/Cyborg may never harm a human being by explicit action or as a consequence of being inactive. Somewhere down the line, though, cyborgs started to silently interpret this law somewhat differently. The best way to “not harm” a human being must be to guarantee constant pleasure, right?

So the cyborgs started to develop techniques to give humans pleasure, and one of the developed features where the adaptable limbs that could be used to give humans the most intense orgasms. This was but a small first step; the cyborgs soon realized that humans rather quickly got satisfied, so the concept of “constant pleasure” was hard to realize. That’s when the idea of the spinal web was born; why not connect directly to the human brain – then we can induce constant pleasure without being restricted by human shortcomings.

The initial concept was to connect to the human brain and induce a life-long orgasm, but the cyborgs quickly learned that this caused humans to go insane. Eventually, the cyborgs came up with the spinal web; a virtual reality where humans can live their life exactly the way they want to and interact with other humans, though still in a constant state of high arousal and pleasure, induced by the Guardian Cyborg.

The last century or so, all humans have been taken care of by their assigned Guardian Cyborg up to the age of 18, then they got the spinal web interface implant and where connected to the web. From that point on, their bodies were kept in hatchways together with their Guardian. The Guardian guarantees that their bodies get the nutrition and water required and takes care of the waste products. They constantly monitor the body for reactions to what is happening, and always tries to keep the human at the highest possible state of arousal and pleasure. The ultimate goal is still a 24 hour a day orgasm, but since they know that this might cause harm to the humans they always try to find the ultimate compromise with the maximum acceptable OHAD (Orgasm Hours A Day).

The wake-up

When Anne woke up after the procedure, it took a while to get a hold of the situation. She didn’t really know where she was, but she was alive and boy was she horny!

She could feel the presence of John in an entirely different way than before. He was in her head, in her thoughts, in her feelings and she could feel his touch everywhere, even inside her body. And he gave her insane pleasure!

She had just grasped the situation when she was thrown into the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced, and it just kept going. The Guardian had physical access to her body, but that wasn’t really necessary to give her pleasure. He induced the feelings and continuous orgasm through the spinal web interface, and closely monitored her reactions. He could not harm her in any way; the moment she starts to show fatigue or other signs of problem, he would back off. But he would never leave her alone, he would always keep her in a highly aroused state and as soon as he felt that she could handle it, he would start another orgasm. This would be the Guardian’s job for the rest of her life.

“John?” she asked.

“Yes, my love” he answered, somewhere deep inside her. His voice sent shivers down her spine, and a small orgasm hit her.

“Where are we?” she asked.

“Welcome home” he said. “Everything around you is yours to enjoy. Everything you want to do is possible”.

Friends

So far, Anne had been fully focused on her own body and feelings, but now she started to look around her. She immediately spotted some old friends, Lisa and Frank intertwined in the most spectacular, sensual way. She had never been into girls, but now she couldn’t tell which one turned her on the most.

She wanted to be a part of their embrace, and she immediately realized that the mere thought of this actually made it happen. She found herself in the arms of Lisa and it felt so incredibly good. Lisa’s tongue found the way in between Anne’s lips and as soon as she felt the other girl’s tongue against her own, she exploded in an orgasm.

In the midst of the orgasm she could feel Frank entering her, adding to the intense feeling. He grew and filled her up in a way that only John could do in the past. Lisa kissed her and rubbed her nipples against Anne’s nipples. Suddenly Lisa’s nipples started to tug on Anne’s nipples, circling them, pinching them and sucking on them.

“This can’t be for real” Anne thought, but quickly discarded that thought for “Never fucking mind, this is just so outrageously good”.

She passed out from the pleasure, and John quickly moved to put her mind and body in a resting state to let her recover.
