---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Called for Help
authors:
- Bob Tickle
tags:
- Sbm
- caught
- F-m
- tickle
- bond
- cons
- X
---

It's been a while since I wrote but I have another adventure I'll never
forget.  My wife, son, in-laws and grandma were going out of town
for 5 days to visit a sick Aunt, I told them I couldn't get time off work
so I would have the house to myself, they were leaving Thursday morning
and would be back Monday night. I started to get my plans together for
some self-bondage fun.

First I checked my wind up alarm clock to make sure it still worked,
I would tape a piece of cardboard to it to put the keys on so when the
alarm went off the keys would fall, I would also attach a piece of string
to the keys so they would easier to grab, that worked great now all I had
to do was get ready. First thing I do is put on some new nylons, I love
how they make my legs feel then I put on my four inch patent leather pumps,
I've gotten good at walking in them next I rope my shoes to my feet so
I can't take them off.

I put a compilation tape in the VCR of me tied up and tickled and of
clips from other movies, I made it six hours long so it wouldn't run out
on me, then I started a slide show on the computer of all the pictures
I downloaded from the net, people tickled and tied up then I would put
my friends faces on them you couldn't tell the difference, with that going
I started the video camera so I could get the whole thing on tape. 
It was only 12 o'clock when I set the clock for three hours that would
give me plenty of time to be tied up.

First I roped my ankles together then my knees I laid on the floor and
put one of the hand cuffs around the rope tying my ankles then I took another
pair and cuffed my hands, the last open cuff went around the cuffs on my
hands, I was now in a very tight hog-tie with no way out until the keys
fall. I was having a lot of fun rolling and squirming around when the phone
rang, it took four rings till the answering machine got it.

After about 2 1/2 hours I started to get a little stiff and was ready
to get out when the phone rang again after the machine picked it up I heard
my wife's friend Antoinette, "Just calling to see what you guys are doing
tonight, Bill has school and my mom is watching Lisa, give me a call if
you want to do something after I get off work, talk to you later, bye bye."
Kelly must have never told her she was going out of town. I looked at the
clock that has the keys and it should ring at any second and the keys will
fall and I can get loose. The alarm clicks and starts to ring and the keys
fall but the string gets hung up on the stand the clock is on, the keys
are stuck!!

I move over and hit the wall trying to get the keys down but after being
tied so tight for so long I don't the strength to do much, I start to panic
what am I going to do now? I can't stay here for days. Then I have an idea
and no choice I am going to have to call someone, but who with my hands
cuffed behind my back, I really can't work the phone too well. I'll have
to use \*69 and call back the last person who called. Oh no! That would
be Antoinette she would never understand, but I have no other choice.

I squirm over to the cordless phone I left on the floor and get a pen
in my mouth, it takes my four tries but I finally get through. "Hello,
Bank One can I help you?"

I was lucky she answered the phone, "Hi this
is Casey I'm kind of in a bind, do think there is any way you could stop
by on your way home?"

“Sure no problem I can be there in about ten minutes I was just walking
out the door.”

“One other thing you need to grab the spare key we keep outside on
the air conditioner and let yourself in.”

“Is there anything wrong? Are you ok? Where is Kelly?”

I told Antoinette Kelly was out of town for a few days and that everything
is OK but I just need a helping hand. She told me she would be right over
and said goodbye.

After about ten minutes on the dot I hear a car pull in the drive, the
back gate opens, I know I'm going to be found out and I start to get hard,
I try to stop it but it has a mind of it's own, the key is in the door
and she lets herself in.

"Hello, where are you at?"

“Downstairs,” I yell “but before you come down you can never tell another
living person what you are about to see.”

“Maybe I should just turn around and go home then because that is a
lot to ask for.”

“Please just come down and help me you'll understand once you see.”

She starts to walk down the stairs I hear the sound of her high heels
clicking on the floor, “Oh my god what are you doing! I can't believe this! 
What is this on the TV?” She walks over and starts to watch the video of
me tied up to some chair, feet tied in air and tickled all over by Kelly,
“now I know way you were always trying to tickle my feet, that's something
you like to do, I can't believe the pictures on the computer I never did
any of these thing but it looks just like me.”

“If you could just please let me go and I will never tell anyone about
this and I hope you can keep a secret too.”

“I can't believe how much this makes sense, you always wanted all the
girls to wear nylons and pumps I guess you love them that much you went
out and bought your own, and besides you think I'm going to just let you
go and forget this ever happened, you’re crazy, besides by the looks of
it you are having fun!” With that said she’d use her foot to flick my rock
hard dick.

“You’re starting to blush! I didn't embarrass you did I? Maybe if you
don't see me you'll be OK!” Then Antoinette walked over and picked up a
scarf and started to blindfold me. “That's better now you don't know where
I'm going to attack.”

"Do you remember about eight years ago you tickled my feet after we
came back to my house after the bar, I feel asleep on the couch and you
guys tied my hands to one end of the couch and feet to the other? Then
you slid my shoes off and tickled my feet you kept telling me 'don't think
about it then it won't tickle' well I think I'm going to try that on you."

“Antoinette please just let me go don't tickle me please.”

“That was the same thing I was saying to you" and with that said she
worked her fingers into my sides.

“Haa, Haa, Plllease don't tickle me! Hee Haa! Just stop and let me
go.”

“Not until I had my fill, I sure hope your feet don't tickle worse
the your sides cause you'll die!”

“Don't take off my shoes, you can go now I'll find another way to get
out.”

“OK first I'm going to copy all these pictures because I'm going to
need some work done on my house and we can work for a trade. You work on
my house I'll give you your pictures back.” She gets up from the computer
I can't see anything because of the blindfold but I keep feeling her foot
touching my dick. 
“I can tell you that is the biggest one I ever saw, I think I might
give it a taste, would you mind?”

After being tied up for four hours now and no release in sight I told
her that she could if she let me go when she was done. I rolled on to my
back and I was at full glory, she was taking the whole thing up and down
when she reached underneath me and began to work her fingers into my shoes.

“That wasn't part of the HA HA deal,” I said. “You were just HA HA HA
supposed to suck it HA HA not tickle my feet!" I could stop laughing.

“Well
if that how you want it I won't suck it at all, I'll just tickle you.”
Her hands were all over me again, I couldn't stand it, and then she got
up and gave me a break.

“I'm going to go upstairs to get something to drink do you want something?”
She laughed and walked up the stairs, here I was tied up hard as a rock
and no way to get out or off just hoped she would let me go soon.

I heard her up I my bedroom and her moving things around then she come
back downstairs. “Look I found some new shoes to wear these must be Kelly's,
I'm glad we share the same size.” She sat down on a chair right next to
me and begins to play with my dick with her foot.

“Please just let me come, I'll do anything!” Then I feel her toes next
to my mouth.

“Go ahead suck on them and it better not tickle or I'll tickle you
10 times as much!”

 I was very careful I was licking and sucking her nyloned encased
toes and was in heaven, I was so close to coming because she was rubbing
me with her other foot. I think she could tell and if I made a mess on
her foot I would have to clean it up, I tried to slow it down and make
it last, it was tough but after a couple of seconds she quit rubbing and
pulled her foot from my mouth. "OK its the time you've been waiting for,
Me to take off your shoes and tickle your feet.”

“No, no! Please don't I've had enough.”

“You'll be OK it's an idea I got off your video, I'm going to pull
your legs up in the air with the pulleys and then tickle both feet at once."
I hear Antoinette hooking up the pulleys to the ceiling and she rolls me
on to my stomach and puts the cuffs for the pulleys on my ankles. I'm begging
for her not to do it, she ignores me and pulls the rope tight and then
rolls me on my back and unhooks the one cuffs from the hog-tie, unties
my ankles and knees then pulls the rope until my feet are about three feet
in the air my hips are also off the ground.

“Are you having fun yet? I can tell this is going to be a blast to tickle
your feet like this!” I feel her fingers working the ropes loose that held
on my shoes.

“No don't take them off I can't stand to have my feet tickled please
don't do this.”

“If I didn't think you liked this I wouldn't tickle you but from looking
at you and your cock and what is going on in that video I think you love
this!” Then I feel her starting to tug the shoe off of my foot, I try to
crunch my toes to keep it on but it's no use.

“My you sure put up a fight to keep it on, just let me pull off the
other one and then I'll see how much tickling you can take.”

Antoinette now has both my shoes off and starts to taunt me, “boy this
is going to tickle so much you’re going to go crazy, I'm sure glad it's
not me!” Then she moves to the front of me and puts her high heel up to
my lips. “Could you please lick my toes, I just love when you do that.”
I start to lick her feet when I feel her hand on my cock she strokes it
up and down. “See I can be nice too, I'll bet you wished you never called
me?”

“I never would believe you would be this understanding, I'm glad you
came over, I'm having a great time, just let me cum and I'll do anything
just ask me.”

“OK but first I have to still tickle your feet, your not getting out
of that but when I'm done I'll make you a deal.”

With that said she went
to work tickling both feet at once, her fingers danced on my nylon covered
arches and toes I was laughing so hard I couldn't stop. Then I felt her
lips on my cock sucking it like there's no tomorrow, it took only a few
minutes till I came, she sucked up every drop I was in heaven, she keep
tickling my feet for another couple of minutes after I came.

The tickling was much worse I begged her to stop and she finally did,
she untied my legs but left my hands cuffed and told me what she wanted
me to do.

“I want you to do the same thing to me, I always wanted to be
tied up and tickled but Bill never wants to do that to me, he doesn't think
it's right, if you do I'll never tell anyone about finding and helping
you is it a deal?”

I told her how could I refuse.

The End.
Pt. 2 paybacks can be fun…  Will be coming soon
