---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Spider Queen Halloween
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+-m
- halloween
- costume
- catsuit
- gag
- buttplug
- inflatable
- web
- bond
- encased
- glue
- display
- public
- electro
- remote
- breathplay
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-10-28 00:00:00
---

#### Prelude: A phone call between friends

“So what are we doing for the Halloween Party?” Phil asked innocently enough. This year Halloween was on a Sunday night and the Halloween party Maggie was hosting was on the Saturday night before.

“I have plans,” Maggie responded wickedly.

“I was hoping that you did,” he smiled back.

“Can you be available from say 1pm till Midnight the day of the party?” she asked, knowing full well he’d beg to be involved in her idea.

He answered quickly, “Of course, whatever you need me to do.”

“Whatever?” she purred.

“Yes Maggie, whatever you want.

“Just remember you said that.” He could hear her chuckling. “I’ll be providing your costume, wear some skimpy undies.”

In a teasing tone he said, “Oh my!”

#### The Halloween Party

Phil awoke excited the day of the Halloween Party, wondering what Maggie had in store for him. So he hopped out of bed, to shower, to shave, and get ready for the day. He dug out a satin-y wine colored thong and attempted to fit his already excited cock into it. Then threw on sweatpants, a t-shirt, and shoes to head to the location of the party. The entire drive to the party site was a constant distraction. The underwear she had requested served as a reminder of how much he was anticipating whatever she had planned for him. He arrived in plenty of time for the event and more than ready.

“My you are early, a little excited?” She managed to casually rub up against his crotch. “Oh my, yes he is!” she exclaimed in mock surprise. He moaned a little at her casual groping of his manhood.

“Here you go, put this on and we’ll start setting up the diorama.” Maggie handed him a paper bag with something inside. Phil pulled out a gallon sized ziplock bag with some white material in it. He opened the seal and pulled out a shiny white catsuit.

“The big surprise is a catsuit?” he asked, a little disappointed.

She pouted at him. “No, there’s more in that bag besides the suit. Look around and hurry up. I don’t know how long preparations will take and we have to be ready before anyone else arrives.”

 Before he went any further he had best make sure there was nothing else in the bag. Searching it one more time he ran across a ball gag and an unlabeled box.

“I assume this goes on under the catsuit?” he asked while holding the gag up for her to see.

“Yes, the gag and the other items go on under the catsuit.” she waved at him to get on with it.

Shrugging he turned and sat on a chair before buckling the gag in place. He then opened the small unmarked box to find a purple dildo and small bottle of lube. Apparently he was to be plugged at both ends. Thank goodness he had thoroughly showered this morning. He poured some lube into his left hand and coated the dildo and then slipped his hand behind his ass cheeks to rub the rest into his crack. Gripping the device carefully he bent over the chair to get the proper angle and slowly inserted it. It went in easily, too easily, he was afraid he’d just push it back out. He “mphed” at his friend and she approached.

“Is it in?” she asked.

He nodded, but continued to press on the end with a free hand.

“Afraid it’ll pop out?” she commented.

Again he nodded.

“I’ve got that covered, move your hands for a moment,” she told him as she was doing something with it and then he heard an odd “shhhh” sound. Then again, then again, then again and that’s when he noticed it. It was an inflatable, and she was pumping it up. Five, six, seven pumps and he whimpered when she pumped it eight times.

“One more for luck!” She told him and pumped it the ninth time. He was feeling very full indeed and she removed the pump and gave the dildo a tug to confirm it wasn’t coming out on its own.

“Now all I have to do is turn the power on…” Maggie did something to it, Phil didn’t notice anything happening immediately. “Indicator light is on,” she announced.

“Hurry up and get that catsuit on!” she ordered him.

Phil stood back up and pulled the catsuit out of its bag.

Taking a moment he unzipped the catsuit in back. He sat carefully on a nearby chair and pulled it on over his legs, then bending forward he pulled the sleeves up over his arms. He noted it was a full coverage suit, built in socks and gloves. He stood up and tugged it up his arms and legs, then slipped his head into the hood. He turned around with his back towards her and “mphhed” around the gag for help zipping it up.

He could see through the stretchy fabric covering his face better than he had expected. He turned to face her and “mphhed?” a questioning sound at her.

“Follow me, my little Fly.” She took his hand and led him deeper into the room and off to a corner.

She had obviously been busy, there were two fake trees bracketing the corner of the large interior space. Between which she had constructed a giant spiderweb out of thin white cotton rope. Although his vision was slightly impaired, he could see she must have spent several hours constructing the web. He could also see attached to the web, one of those animatronic “giant” spiders people put out on their lawns. He could see the electrical cord powering it, running behind one of the trees, no doubt where she could find a power outlet. She had also rigged up one of those strobe lighting effects to flash on the wall behind the webbing and the trees. It was an impressive display but he wasn’t sure what his part of the event would be or what hers was.

She halted him well clear of the display. “Stand here, fly, legs together, hands on your butt.” He stood as she requested as she puttered off to the side, soon enough she returned and tucked something under one of his feet. He glanced down to see what she was doing as she pulled some thick white yarn around and around and around his ankles.

Just as he realized what his role in the diorama was, she confirmed it, “You are the spider's dinner Pet!”

He “Mphhed?” a question and she guessed “What’s my costume? Oh I’m the Spider Queen. It’s shiny black and I have a corset with a red hourglass on the front of it. You’ll love it, assuming I let you see it.” As Maggie talked she continued to wrap the yarn around and around him slowly working her way up. Phil wondered how long it would take and how much of him she was determined to cover in her “webs”.

“I’ll have to wrap your hips and crotch really well, your underwear shows through the white catsuit,” she remarked as she worked her way up his thighs.

Phil “mphhed”, whether in agreement or concern it was impossible to tell.

“Pet you make a Spider Queen want to unweb you and take you right here and now.” Maggie kissed him through the spandex mask covering his face before she continued wrapping the seemingly endless supply of yarn around him.

“I have to tell you Pet, you are still showing a lot of bulge even under all the webbing,” she remarked as she worked. “Oh well, can’t be helped and we are running out of time!”

The yarn seemed to fly onto him as she worked her way up his body, maybe she was part spider after all. She did slow down to loosely wrap around his neck but took great efforts to go over the top of his head and under his chin to make sure his whole head was covered in her webbing. He could just barely see through the spandex fabric and between a few strands of the web covering his eyes. All the wrapping of his head had the side effect of further silencing him as his jaw was quite firmly locked in place, biting down on the ball gag.

“Now very carefully Pet, I need you to hop over to the spider's web between the trees.” She helped support him as he tentatively hopped his way to the rope web. “Okay now lean back into the web.” She guided him to where she wanted him to be posed, dead center of the web and just to the side of the giant animatronic spider prop. As soon as he was in place she wrapped some more yarn around his body and fastened him to the various strands of the larger web. Then carefully she took the free end and tied it to the underside of the giant spider. Considering how tightly wrapped he was and now attached to the stronger ropes of the web, he doubted he could do more than wiggle helplessly.

Maggie wandered away for a minute and then returned carrying something he couldn’t make out through his limited vision.

“Finishing touch Pet, a coating of shiny goo to seal the web cocoon.” Maggie popped open what he could see now was a gallon sized paint can of something liquid. She dipped a wide foam paint brush into the can and then started with the top of his head and started brushing the liquid on. She did not cover his face, avoiding his eyes and nose completely, but all other parts of his body received a thorough coating of the liquid. He could feel a kind of general wet dampness as the liquid soaked into the yarn and stuck to the catsuit he was wearing.

It reminded him of something. He “mphhed?” a questioning sound at her.

“What is this?” Maggie paused as if debating whether or not to tell him. “Do you remember when we wrapped you up in bandages as a mummy?” He “mphhed” and managed a tiny nod yes.

Maggie continued explaining, “Well at the time we used bandages and I brushed on white glue. You stayed so well wrapped that time, I thought it would work for this event too.”

He remembered that costume and he remembered the fact that he had to be cut free of the bandages and glue at the end of the night.

She interrupted his train of memories. “I have so much glue left and it has made such a lovely glossy shell, I think we have time for another coat, Pet. Isn’t that delightful?”

He “mphhed” his muffled objections to being coated in yet more glue. But out came the brush and soon she was adding to the glossy coating of white glue over the yarn.

He imagined he could feel it drying and shrinking around his body before she even finished the second coat.

When she was done she beamed at him. “You look nearly perfect, Pet! Just like a spider’s dinner. Now you stay still and let that dry nicely while I go change into my costume. If you are good I’ll give you a sneak preview.”

Be good? As if he had any choice, tightly wrapped in hundreds of feet of yarn, tied to a rope web and then sealed into a glue cocoon, his only real choice was to stand there and listen for her return. Obviously she had plans or she wouldn’t have gone to all this trouble.

He startled suddenly at the sound of her voice almost next to him. He must have drifted off waiting for her to return and startled awake, jumping in his web.

“Oh that is a good reaction, Pet! You look just like a victim struggling in all that webbing. Just enough movement to look realistic.” She applauded him. “But of course not enough to ever get free on your own.”

He peered out through his hood and the yarn covering his eyes to look at her costume. She had indeed gone for a shiny black dominatrix look with an obvious red hourglass shape on the front of the corset that barely contained her breasts. Shiny black leggings and thigh high black PVC boots completed the look.

“Pet, you are the perfect fly in this spider’s web.” She turned away, giving him a view of her rear in the shiny tight black leggings and swayed away to set up the rest of the party.

Soon he heard music playing loudly around the room, one of the speakers must have been hidden behind the trees holding up his web. He realized anyone looking at him in the display wouldn’t hear any of his mmphs unless they were literally right next to him. Something no one was likely to do for fear of ruining the diorama. He wondered how long she would keep him this way or if anyone would guess he was a part of the decorations. No one was told he would be at this party, as a matter of fact he had told people he couldn’t make it. So no one should be expecting him to be there.

Next he saw the lights go dim in most of the room, adding to the spooky atmosphere of the party. He barely noticed her approaching him until she was within ten feet of his position. He could barely see her in her all black outfit, only the bright red hourglass decoration and her pale breasts perched above the black corset really standing out for him.

“Just checking my Pet, almost party time.” She spoke loudly so he’d hear her over the music. “Time to check the electronics are working properly.”

*“Electronics?”* he thought to himself.

“That device I had you insert inside your rear? It’s Bluetooth enabled my Pet,” she explained over the thumping soundtrack. “In front of your little diorama I’ve placed one of those floor mats that trigger animatronics, like you see in Halloween stores.”

“It has a big yellow label reading step here.” She stepped on it. The lightning strobe behind the fake trees went off and a thunder sound effect rolled out from hidden speakers. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the giant spider waving its front limbs, but most importantly the dildo in Phil’s ass zapped him and then started vibrating wildly.

Phil reacted violently to this surprise and his body struggled to move against the glue, yarn cocoon, and rope web. He felt the web sway and stretch a little bit, but his efforts were futile and he settled back down once the shock was past.

“Perfect! I hope you enjoy yourself tonight.” Maggie waved goodbye to him and wandered out of his limited sight.

Oddly he was enjoying himself, sure he was helplessly stuck to a level he had rarely experienced before. But he was comfortable, all things considered, and about to be a bondage centerpiece at his friend's Halloween party, all without anyone there knowing about it. It was a bondage fantasy come true, except for that part where he was being zapped in the ass whenever somebody looked at the display.

He tried shifting around a bit inside his cocoon. He had the bright idea of sliding his hands around his sides and maybe being able to wiggle his arms free. But when he put his plan in action he realized she must have taken a few moments to web his wrists together behind his back. He could move them a little to the side but not enough to separate them. He tried just wiggling against the cocoon itself. He didn’t have enough room inside the webbing, plus a lack of mobility, to get any momentum going.

He really had no way to judge time but several songs played all the way through and he guessed 15 minutes had gone by. He heard loud voices approaching.

He looked out through the gaps in the webbing just as a group of people came into range for him to see. Here was the first test of the Spider Queen’s diorama, would people realize he was inside? They stopped about six feet away and he could see them pointing out details and chatting away. Finally one of them noticed the “Step Here” floor mat trigger and stepped on it. Phil frantically twitched and wiggled for all he was worth. The people watching applauded what they thought were animatronic effects before wandering off to dance or get a snack. As soon as they turned away he was able to settle down. He lay inside the cocoon panting through his nose.

The party was getting busier as the night wore on, more and more groups came to see the “animatronic” victim in the spider web. At one point so many groups visited the display he was kept actively being zapped and vibrated for nearly ten minutes straight, with only small breaks between viewers. The hours passed, the crowds thinned out a bit, the zapping and vibrations were farther and farther apart as the novelty wore off and most people had had a chance to see it in action.

He was thinking to himself the night was almost over when she came back. It was the first time since the start of the evening where he could see her. She had someone in costume with her, someone shorter than herself. The newcomer was dressed as a kind of Indy Jones character, hat and whip. He knew who she was, a mutual friend of theirs nicknamed Kitty. Now what did Maggie have in mind?

The Spider Queen was pointing out parts of the display to the other person. Maggie leaned over to whisper directly in her ear, all while waving in Phil’s general direction. Eventually the Spider Queen pointed to the floor mat and Kitty obliged by stepping on it. Phil again twitched and moaned and wiggled helplessly, but she didn’t just step on it, she stood on it. Phil was being zapped and vibrated constantly. His body attempted to move, struggling violently against the bondage. It was so intense he was afraid he’d pass out. Eventually Kitty stepped off the trigger. He sagged in his bondage, gasping for air through his nose. The Spider Queen gave him a thumbs up and wandered off with Indy in tow.

A group of costumed attendees stopped to admire the display, he flailed about a little bit, exhausted from the previous visit. His body was spent, that was the problem with bondage in general, eventually you grew tired of it. But there was no escaping his current predicament until the party had ended and she could spend the time necessary to cut him out of the costume and the webbing.

He got the impression people were starting to leave, a few individuals and groups swung by to take a last look at the diorama. He flailed about to entertain them as best he could before the party ended. The music was shut off and the house lights turned on, he wondered where the Black Widow was to cut him free. Before she made it back though, Indy came back, and she approached him alone. She got as close as she could, right next to his helpless body. Whispered loudly right next to where his ear should be.

“She told me you were in there.” He shuddered, even though he had suspected she knew. “Just know if it was my decision, I wouldn’t let you out.” She moved back from him, turned as if to leave, then stood on the floor mat.

Phil’s body shuddered and twitched as the vibrator zapped and twisted inside his ass. The limitations of the cocoon and the spider's web were the only things keeping him from falling to the floor under the onslaught of stimulation. Minutes passed and Phil was afraid he’d pass out as he attempted to suck in air through only his nose. He could see Maggie still dressed as the Spider Queen approaching, she was much easier to see since the house lights had been turned up when the party shut down.

She was saying something to Kitty and waving in Phil’s general direction. He saw Kitty nod in agreement and step off the triggering mat. They both approached Phil and stood side by side right in front of him.

Maggie asked loudly, “Did you have fun tonight, Phil?”

Phil, still trying to catch up on his breathing, just lay there supported by the webbing and watched quietly.

Kitty spoke up loudly enough for Phil to hear her. “I’m sure he did, after all how many times has he told us how much he loves bondage and being secretly on display.”

Maggie nodded her agreement. “I’m sure you are right, he is a glutton for punishment. Our little bondage pet.”

“So, slight change in plans Phil,” Maggie spoke to him. “I’ve had an emergency of sorts come up and I don’t have time to get you out of there right now.”

Phil “mphhed” as loudly as he could in objection and managed some wiggling inside his bondage.

“It’s almost like he’s trying to communicate with us,” Kitty laughed.

Maggie chuckled with her. “Now don’t worry Pet, I’m going to leave you in Kitty’s hands and she’ll take care of you tonight.”

Phil could see the giant smile growing on Kitty’s face and he felt his heart sinking at the same speed it grew.

Kitty’s words of just a few minutes ago haunted him, *“Just know if it was my decision, I wouldn’t let you out.”*

Well now it was her decision, Phil watched as Maggie handed Kitty a few items and then turned back to him.

“You be a good Pet for Kitty.” Then Maggie announced. “I’ve got to run.”

#### The Afterparty

Maggie hugged Kitty and walked off quickly. Phil couldn’t help but admire her swaying hips in her shiny black outfit. Or maybe he was just trying to avoid looking at Kitty still standing in front of him.

As if reading his mind Kitty waved a hand at Phil and pointed to her other hand which was holding something small and black and… *“THE REMOTE!”* Phil realized just as she pushed a button on it.

Apparently, Phil thought to himself, Maggie had set it to the lowest possible settings. “*Maybe so the batteries would last longer?”* he mused silently.

But Kitty had no such concerns and had turned it all the way up. At least Phil hoped these were the highest settings, if it could get any worse Phil feared for his sanity. Where the internal electric shock before was attention getting, this new setting was forcing his muscles to spasm internally. Which only increased the relative sensations of it vibrating and pulsing inside him. He knew his body was shuddering and flexing against the cocoon uncontrollably, but he could do nothing to stop it.

All he could do was breathe rapidly through his nose, moan around the gag in his mouth, and watch Kitty helplessly as she smiled ear to ear while watching him.

Just as suddenly as it started, it stopped with a push of a button.

Kitty said something, which sounded like “I can’t believe Maggie just gave me her toy to play with.”

Phil knew she was referring to more than the remote in her hand. He had always been careful around Kitty, she had made it clear they would never have any kind of a sexual relationship, but she would happily dominate him given the opportunity. Maggie handing her the remote, and leaving Phil in Kitty’s care, was like handing the keys to a rental car to a teen age boy and telling him you’d be back tomorrow.

Phil whimpered as Kitty played with the remote's functions. He thought he could hear her say “I wonder what this does?” Right before she pressed a button.

*“Take this gag out and I could tell you!”* He thought loudly in her direction.

If Phil could have told Kitty what she had changed, he would have explained how the vibrator was now simulating an in and out motion. Also on the “in” stroke it was zapping him with a more than mild shock causing his internal muscles to both grip the device and try to pull it in further at the same time. Where before Phil had been worried about the device slipping out, now he was worried about his own body pulling it inside himself!

Phil though could communicate none of that information to his current captor, he was worried from her point of view that nothing would look different. Phil’s body was still uncontrollably shaking and shuddering within the confines of the webbing and glue cocoon. But unlike the earlier settings on the device, he could feel the slow buildup of an orgasm this time. Assuming Kitty left it on and the settings stayed the same, Phil had hope that the long night’s denial would finally pay off.

Phil’s breathing was just one long desperate inhale through the nose, barely a pause, and then a long exhale. He knew there was a danger of hyperventilating with his rapid breathing, but he felt like he couldn’t get enough air. His heart was beating a mile a minute, he felt constantly on the verge of blacking out. He closed his eyes and tried to slow his breathing down.

When he reopened them he was startled to see Kitty standing inches away from him. If his body had not already been shuddering and shaking, he would have “jumped” out of his skin in surprise. As it was he managed a muffled scream of surprise. He knew Kitty had heard his startled gasp when she cocked her head to the side as if listening.

“Judging by the noises you are making, Pet,” Kitty purred to Phil. “One would think you’ve been overly stimulated by tonight's events.”

*“You think?!”* Phil thought and was happy he was gagged, and didn’t say that out loud to someone who held his life in the palm of her sadistic hands.

“I bet you’d let me do nearly anything to you, if I made you cum right now?” Kitty’s mouth was mere inches from Phil’s ear, she had one hand on his shoulder and the other one roamed around his lower body.

Phil “mmph”’ed into the gag, mentally begging her to finish him off.

“That sounded like a yes to me” Kitty exclaimed happily.

Phil gulped even with the ball gag filling his mouth, then thought, “What did I just agree to?”

“Now this might be a little scary,” Kitty whispered loudly in his ear. “But it will achieve the desired results.”

Phil had just enough to think *“What was scary?”*

Then Kitty clamped her hand over Phil’s nose. Phil’s body went from shuddering uncontrollably to full body spasms.

*“She’s trying to kill me?!”* he thought, helpless to resist her.

Phil’s body, faced with dying with a hard on or pumping a load out, chose to release its last load.

Phil shuddered with a purpose now, his cock filling the inside of his costume with spunk. At some point immediately after cumming he passed out and time passed by unnoticed by Phil.

#### Epilogue

Maggie texted Kitty: “I haven’t seen Phil since the party last night, have you?”

Kitty replied: “That naughty boy, he was supposed to tell you.”

Maggie: “Tell me what?”

Kitty: “I asked him to help me give out candy on Halloween.”

Maggie: “So he’s at your place, thank goodness. When I finally got back to the hall last night and the whole diorama was missing I wasn’t sure what happened.”

Kitty: “Not to worry, it’s all over here, I set it up in my garage facing the driveway to scare the trick or treaters.”

Maggie: “I guess he just forgot to text me.”

Kitty moved aside the curtain on her kitchen window and looked out at her open garage, where Phil was still helplessly glued into the Spider’s web. But now there was a small table in front of the diorama, with a cauldron full of candy on it, and right in front of the table was a place mat that said “Step Here.”

Kitty texted Maggie: “I’m looking right at him, I’ll remind him after the kids all go home and Halloween is over.”
