---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/the_good_neighbor8.html
title: The Good Neighbor
authors:
- Findar
tags:
- Sbf
- M-f
- rope
- public
- outdoors
- naked
- straps
- oral
- toys
- gag
- cons
- XX
date: 2026-04-18 00:00:00
---

### Part 8: Second Thoughts

The staff at the walk-in clinic didn’t seem any more credulous than the cop regarding the cause of Dan’s injuries. But they dutifully stitched the gash on his chin and straightened his nose. They gave him a script for pain killers and sent him on his way.

By Monday morning Dan’s eyes were swollen to slits. His face had purpled around his nose and eyes. He called in sick to work, took a pain pill and washed it down with a beer.

Waking late in the afternoon Dan brewed himself a cup of coffee. He felt like crap. Worse still, he felt like a fool. He tried texting and calling Jordan. He left heartfelt apologies on her phone, all the while doubtful that it would do any good.

“What the fuck am I doing,” he asked himself. Ever since the night he’d rescued Alice from her misguided self-bondage his life had been a disaster. It had cost him his girlfriend and could have landed him in jail for sexual assault.

Dan went to the bedroom. Pulling out the overnight bag from beneath the bed he unzipped it. There, neatly arranged were the ropes, straps and gags that Alice used in her kinky games. The mere thought of it brought on feelings of lust.

With a sigh he closed the case. The zipper buzzed as he closed it. Dan glanced at the clock. It was after six. How long had he been staring at Alice’s toys? No matter, she would be home by now. He grabbed the bag and headed next door.

Alice was delighted at first to see Dan and the bondage bag. Then she saw his damaged face. “Oh my God! What happened to you?” she cried. “Come on in, I’ll get you something.”

“No, it doesn’t matter,” Dan said brusquely. He pushed the overnight bag over the apartment threshold. “I can’t do this anymore,” he said flatly. “You’ll have to find someone else to help you out.” And with that he turned and walked back to his apartment.

Alice was too stunned to chase after him. She numbly pulled the bag inside and closed the door. Sinking down to the floor she hung her head while silent tears dripped onto the carpet.

Dan’s inner voice was screaming at him, ‘What the fuck did you just do!’ But he knew it was the right thing to do-even if it didn’t feel like it. He took another pain killer and dropped into bed. “Tomorrow, we go back to normal-world,” he sighed. He slept, but his dreams were anything but normal.

Back at work on Tuesday, Dan took a fair amount of ribbing from the guys about his injuries. He compensated by making up ever more wild stories about how it happened. The whole thing turned into a running joke, which helped cover the embarrassment of what actually happened. That was something he would ‘carry to the grave’ as they say.

Alice trudged through her day. No matter what task she took on at work her thoughts circled back to Dan. What could she have done to make him reject her? He had seemed like the perfect guy, compassionate enough to take care of her but willing to drop into the dom role with just the right mix of menace. She shuddered at the thought of Ricky, the guy she had been with before. He thought that a willing rope partner was an invitation to cruelty. He had quickly forgotten the pleasure and gone all in for the pain.

Alice arrived home, thinking about what she had intended to wear for her Tuesday night rendezvous with Dan. The thought brought a sad smile to her face. She went to the closet and stared through watery eyes at her cosplay outfits.

Turning from the closet Alice stubbed her toe on the overnight bag. “Dammit,” she growled as she pushed the bag back into place. But that momentary anger was what she needed to break the fog of despair. She didn’t have to submit to Dan’s rejection. She could FIGHT!

Dan had just put a frozen dinner in the microwave when there was a knock on the door. For a moment he thought it might be Jordan, come to talk things out. But when he looked through the peep hole, he saw his neighbor standing there.

He said nothing, made no move to open the door. The woman stood there, her hair pulled back into a short pony tail, wearing a black leather coat that came just above her knees.

‘I’ll just wait here till she goes away,’ Dan thought to himself. But then Alice untied the sash that held the coat closed. She held it open to show her naked body underneath. No, not quite naked Dan saw with widening eyes. Her body was crisscrossed with ropes from her chest to her crotch. He’d seen it on some of the Japanese bondage sites but couldn’t remember the name-something about a tortoise shell.

Dan’s mouth went dry. The little voice in his head was shouting, ‘Open the door, you dipshit!’ Dan leaned his forehead against the cool wood door. “I cannot start this again,” he whispered. The knock came again, interrupting his internal debate. He looked through the peep to see Alice slowly sink to her knees.

The leather coat fell open. Alice’s breasts were neatly framed by her ropes. A diamond pattern of rope ran down her body, ending at her crotch. Down on her knees, Alice spread her legs and waited.

Dan was shocked at her brazen display. Alice, who had been terrified that someone might see her through the open window, was now kneeling naked in the hallway. The thought suddenly registered in Dan’s brain. ‘Shit, I’ve got a naked woman kneeling at my door. What if somebody sees her?’

Tripping the lock, Dan yanked the door open. “Get in here,” he snapped as he hauled Alice to her feet. He dragged her inside and slammed the door.

Alice felt a rush of fear as she was dragged into Dan’s apartment. She was pressed against the wall, her arms pinned at her side.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Dan asked harshly.

Alice swallowed the lump in her throat. The speech she’d rehearsed about how special their time together was died on her lips. Instead, she said meekly, “It’s Tuesday.”

Dan caught the open lapels of Alice’s coat. He pulled it down her arms, further revealing her self-induced bondage web. With a defeated sigh he said, “I guess it is.” Unspoken was the harsh thought, ‘You want to play, honey? Then we’re gonna play!’

He pulled the coat back up, dropping it into place on her shoulders. Catching the front he pulled the coat closed. He tied the leather sash, pulling it tight against her waist. “Okay let’s go,” he said as he steered her towards the front door.

Alice’s heart soared. The rope between her legs suddenly went from annoying to sensuous as Dan steered her towards her apartment. But her elation turned to confusion as he took out his spare key and locked the door.

“Uh, it’s open,” she said. “You don’t need the key.”

“It’s locked now,” Dan growled. “We’re going out.”

“Bu-but,” Alice stammered. Her ID, phone, keys and credit cards were now inside her locked apartment. And the only way back to them was with Dan’s key.

Dan turned, backing her against the wall. “Look, you started this. If you want to quit then use your safe word and go home. Otherwise, you do what I tell you-without complaints. Is that clear?”

Alice felt the wall against her back. Dan’s face was inches from hers. His eyes flashed dangerously. She had that helpless, falling down the rabbit hole feeling again. She had asked for it, but did she know what it was she was asking for? Swallowing the lump in her throat Alice whispered, “Yes, Sir.”

“Good girl,” Dan replied cheerfully.

Just like that, the “Dangerous Dan” was gone. Alice marveled at the change. But there were still telltale signs that he was still in his dominant headspace, like the grip he held on her upper arm. She wanted to ask him where they were going, but thought better of it. Best to just follow along.

For all his outward calm Dan’s head was filled with conflicting arguments. He’d gotten over the kinky stuff, told Alice they were through. And yet here he was, leading a woman dressed in only high heels and a leather coat towards the elevator. And he knew that he liked the rush of power he felt when he got her to back down, to submit to his will. But she had pushed him to it. So, who was really running the show?

Once the elevator doors closed Dan spun Alice to face him. Grabbing her by the upper arms he pressed his lips forcefully over her mouth. Her gasp of surprise was muffled by his hard kiss. Dan held her there as the elevator dropped. Alice relaxed in his arms, opening her mouth to accept him.

They broke their kiss as the elevator opened to the lobby. Dan’s arm slipped around Alice’s shoulder, pulling her in close as they walked together to the front door. Alice was relieved. She was no less controlled, but it was less obvious than his grip on her arm.

“So, what are you in the mood for?” Dan asked as he ushered Alice out to the sidewalk.

“Something in my own kitchen would be nice,” she replied doubtfully.

Dan turned her to the left, starting them down the street. “Well, you dressed up so nicely for me. It seems a shame not to take you out and show you off. By the way, what do you call that tie you’re in?

“It’s a Japanese tie called a karada.” Just saying it made Alice mindful of the ropes encircling her body. The lines between her legs moved with every step. Despite her anxiety she felt the stirrings of arousal. But Dan’s comment about showing her off gave Alice a chill.

“I think we’ll try Ming Garden. Hopefully you like Chinese.” At the intersection Dan steered them to the left. For a Tuesday night the city was busy with people heading home or out to eat. Alice kept her head down, trying to avoid making eye contact with anyone. She felt as if every passerby was staring at her.

Two blocks later they were waiting for the hostess to get them a table. Alice was grateful when Dan requested one in the back. She felt a moment of panic when the woman offered to check her coat.

“Ah, no, I’m fine with keeping it,” Alice said. Though the leather covered her bondage she involuntarily pulled the lapels closer.

“I dunno, it’s kinda warm in here, Princess” Dan said in mock concern. “You sure you don’t want her to hang up your coat?”

Alice gave him a withering glare. “No sir, I’m fine.”

The hostess’s brow wrinkled at the exchange, but if the couple was having a problem that wasn’t her concern. Taking up menus she said, “Right this way.”

Their table was a small booth at the back of the restaurant. It was a bit close to the kitchen, but out of the way. Alice slid onto the red vinyl cushion with a groan. She had chosen her stiletto heels with the intention of seduction, not a forced march. Her toes were less than happy with the trip.

The waitress arrived with water and took drink orders. Alice waited until their drinks arrived before she spoke. “Why did you dump me?” she asked bluntly.

“It’s a long story,” Dan replied. “Why don’t we talk about it later?”

“Because I need to know if it’s going to happen again. Does it have something to do with your face?”

Dan touched his nose self-consciously, then winced. “Look, I’m a normal guy,” he said defensively. “Before you I had a normal girlfriend and a normal life. Then you fell off the bed and my life went into the blender.”

He told Alice the sad story of Jordan finding the overnight bag and the disastrous bondage session. She listened with eyes gone wide.

“Why didn’t she use her safe word?” Alice asked. “Even with a gag she should have been able to say it. On the other hand, why did you keep going?” That, in her mind, was the larger concern.

“I don’t know, Dan groaned. “She’d been needling me through the whole thing. It was like she didn’t want it to work out. I’d just had enough,” he finished weakly.

The words chilled Alice. He’d basically lost his temper in a bondage situation and tried to power through it. Was this a man in whose hands she was willing to place her trust and safety? The question almost made her laugh, since she was out in public with nothing but a leather coat with the man in question.

“Safe words should work both ways, you know?” Alice said calmly. “If you feel a situation is getting out of hand you should be able to call “red” and stop the action.”

“Oh, like when some crazy woman chains herself up in my shower?”

Alice burned crimson. “Okay, I admit that was over the top,” she paused. “I was just excited to find someone I felt I could trust with my safety.”

Their discussion was interrupted by the arrival of their meal. Alice was sure that the waitress was eyeing her curiously. But the woman simply asked if they needed anything else and left.

“Was she staring at me?” she whispered.

“Not yet,” Dan answered. “But she might be soon.”

“Huh?”

“You said you felt you could trust me,” Dan continued. “Do you?”

“Well, yes, I guess so,” Alice replied slowly.

“That’s a ringing endorsement.” Dan frowned at his companion. “Am I in charge right now?”

“Uh, yeah,” came the sarcastic reply. “I don’t usually go naked to dinner by myself. Not to mention that I don’t have keys, or my wallet or even my phone.”

“Yeah, you’re in a bit of a predicament,” Dan agreed. “And the only way out seems to be if you do as I say-or you use a safe word. So, I want you to sit on your hands.”

“Sit on my…” Alice said in confusion.

“Yes. Put them under your ass, palms down and keep them there until I tell you otherwise.” Dan delighted in the anxious look on Alice’s face. He was feeling that rush again, that feeling of control that he’d sworn off just twenty-four hours before.

Alice shifted from side to side, slipping her hands beneath her. She could easily pull them back out if needed. But how was she to eat if she couldn’t use her hands? Alice was afraid she knew the answer.

Dan reached over to Alice. He caught the lapels of the coat and her eyes widened. She let out a little whine of protest as he eased the coat open. “Steady, now,” he said warningly.

Alice wanted to clutch the coat and hide herself. But she sat on her hands, pleading with her eyes. Would he expose her, in a restaurant full of people? She watched as the first of the ropes came into view. “Uhhh,” she said anxiously.

Dan gave her a shark-like smile. He pulled the coat back to cover the ropes that encircled her body. “As you can see, I’m very trustworthy.”

Further discussion was interrupted by the arrival of their meals. The waitress gaze seemed to linger on Alice a trifle longer than was appropriate. Alice glanced down self-consciously. Had the woman seen part of her harness peeking out?

“Keep still,” commanded Dan. He had seen Alice shifting about on her hands. “Don’t move unless I tell you to.” He reached over and unrolled the cloth napkin at Alice’s place. Shaking it out, Dan laid the napkin across her lap. In the process he pulled the lower part of her coat wide open, exposing her.

Alice went rigid. The only thing covering her naked thighs was the edge of the table and a square of white linen napkin. Dan was making a show of smoothing the cloth on her lap. It was in reality an excuse for him to slip his hand beneath it. Alice felt his fingers toy with the rope that bisected her sex. “Oh God,” she whispered quietly.

Dan smiled as he withdrew his fingers. “You look a little flushed, Princess. You should probably eat something.” Scooping up a forkful of lo-mien he held it to her lips.

Alice quickly examined her options; call red and end the evening-and possibly the relationship, refuse the food entirely or be hand fed in a public place. But she had put herself in this predicament to get Dan back into her life. The safe word was the nuclear option she wasn’t ready to use. And she was hungry. With a sigh of resignation, she opened her mouth.

The food was delicious. Sure, they got a few odd looks from some of the other diners. But no one was bold enough to come over and say anything. It seemed to Alice that the women looked disgusted and the men looked envious. And the waitress seemed particularly interested in making sure that they had everything they needed.

Finally, the meal ended. Alice received her permission to get off her hands, which had gone to sleep. When the waitress offered dessert Dan declined, saying they would get something on the way home.

With a sigh of relief Alice quickly stood, rearranging her coat to cover her bare skin. She had discovered that a rope harness tied tightly while standing tightened in different places when seated. Alice had the overwhelming desire to slip a hand inside the coat and relieve some pressure points.

“Shall we go back to your place for dessert?” Dan asked innocently.

“Yes, please,” was Alice’s quick reply. She moved quickly down the sidewalk, held back only by Dan’s grip on her bicep. Alice probably would have sprinted back, heels and all if given the choice.

“I think we’ll cut through the park on the way,” Dan said casually. “It’s a beautiful night for a walk, don’t you think?”

Alice’s thoughts were more about the fact that her body harness was squeezing her breasts and chafing her pussy. But it seemed any objection to the detour would be ignored. Alice pulled her coat tighter and turned into the darkened parkland.

They walked the paved paths through the park, passing other couples that were taking advantage of the mild weather. Dan smiled as they passed. He doubted any others had a girl wearing nothing but rope and a leather coat that evening.

“Do you like playgrounds?” Dan asked suddenly.

“Well, I’m a little old for them now,” was Alice’s cautious reply. In the shadowed distance she could see the skeletal structures of the playground. “Don’t you think it’s getting kinda late?” she asked hopefully.

“It’s never too late to play,” Dan replied as he pulled Alice off the path. Cutting across the grass was a bit slower in heels, but they made it. The playground, technically closed at sunset, was not provided with lights.

Dan shifted his grip on Alice, slipping around behind her. He reached around her waist, taking hold of the coat’s leather sash. “Oh please,” Alice moaned as he pulled the coat open. Dan tightened his grip around her waist with one hand while clamping the other over her mouth.

“No more talking,” he hissed in her ear. “Understand?” He waited until Alice nodded before removing his hand.

Catching the free ends of the sash Dan pulled them back, crossing them behind Alice. This pulled the coat wide open, exposing her to the night air. Ignoring her yelp of surprise Dan used the leather to quickly bind Alice’s wrists behind her back.

Alice was stunned by the suddenness of Dan’s bondage. Not that it was a tie that would hold up to a dedicated escape attempt, but she was in a matter of seconds both bound and exposed. She was still processing when Dan propelled her onto the playground.

The surface of the play area was a compressed rubber. Alice could feel the points of her heels sinking in. To maintain her balance, she shifted her weight to her toes, taking mincing little steps. With each step the rope between her legs let her know that it was there.

The central feature of the playground was a large climbing structure. It had rope ladders, bridges and slides. At one end a fireman’s pole allowed adventurous children to slide down from the top. It was to this pole that Alice was guided.

“Turn around, back to the pole,” Dan commanded. Not waiting for Alice’s compliance, he spun her about, pressing her into the metal pole. He caught Alice by the hair, holding her there with one hand. With the other hand he pulled the coat off her shoulders, fully exposing her.

Alice closed her eyes. She was terrified that someone would see them like that. But there was a growing heat in her. This was more than simply struggling against ropes. This was being helpless in a new and exhilarating way. A moan escaped her as Dan caressed her rope bound flesh.

“Down on your knees,” came the curt order. Dan guided Alice down, giving her no time to think. She got to the ground, the cool rubber surface padding her knees. Dan used his own body to force Alice back until her feet were either side of the pole. He still maintained his grip on her hair.

Alice’s eyes widened as she saw Dan unbuckle his belt. He wasn’t going to make her do that here, was he? Surprise turned to fear as the belt was pulled free from Dan’s pants. It dangled menacingly from his right hand. The specter of her old beau rose up, ready to inflict pain upon her once again.

“Yellow,” Alice whimpered desperately. “Oh God please, yellow!”

Dan stepped back as if slapped. He looked down at the kneeling woman. In the dim light he could see tears glistening in her eyes. He squatted down before her. “Okay, we’re yellow. Now tell me what’s wrong.”

“Please don’t beat me,” Alice whispered tearfully.

Dan looked at the belt in his hand as if seeing it for the first time. “Beat you?” he said incredulously. “I’d never beat you,” he said quietly. He knew that was something they would need to talk out. But this was neither the time nor the place. “So, are we back to green?”

Alice sagged in relief. She had misunderstood Dan’s intention. But the upside is that he had quickly honored her safe word. At that moment she felt that she might be in love. “Yes Sir, we’re green,” she said with growing confidence.

“Good, cause you’ve got a long night ahead of you,” Dan said. He raised the belt anew, holding it between his hands. Pressing it to Alice’s throat he forced her head back against the pole. With a quick turn he wrapped the belt around the upright before bringing it back around. The buckle ended up in front and he cinched it snug.

Alice found herself pinned to the gym equipment. The belt wasn’t tight enough to cut off her breathing. But it was unlikely that she could get up off her knees with it wrapped around her throat. She shifted her weight, trying to settle into a comfortable position.

Dan remained in his squat. He ran his hands down the front of Alice’s body, caressing her breasts. “My, you’re in quite the predicament,” he said casually. His fingers cupped her breasts while his thumbs rubbed her nipples. “Naked and tied up in public. That must be pretty scary.” His hands slipped down between her legs.

“Y-yes, Sir,” Alice said quietly. Her relief of a few minutes ago was replaced with the reality of her situation. Bondage had always been a very private thing for her. Playing it public and the chance of discovery was something she never imagined.

Dan felt the wetness between her legs. He pushed the ropes aside and slipped a finger inside. The answering moan was a delightful sound. “Careful Princess, you don’t want to make too much noise,” he said as his thumb worked her clit. Another moan. “Unfortunately, I didn’t bring a gag for you, so you’re just going to have to tough it out.”

Alice felt her body burn. Dan was working her sex like an evil maestro. He was hitting all the right cords but in such a manner that there was no crescendo. She tried to thrust herself forward, but the belt tightened warningly at her throat. “Oh God, please,” she moaned.

“I bet you’d do just about anything to get out of this mess, wouldn’t you?”

“Oh yes, please,” Alice pleaded.

Dan smiled like a hungry dragon who’d just been given a virgin. “I’d love to help you out. But these ropes are in the way.” To emphasize his point he gave a pull on the body harness, dragging the rope deeper between her legs.

“I guess you’ll have to wait until I get you home to get what you want,” Dan said as he rose. “But first you’re going to take care of something for me.”

Alice watched as Dan unzipped his pants. She swallowed a lump in her throat as his engorged member was pointed towards her face. The head pressed against her lips. She could feel the pre-cum there as Dan dragged his cock across her mouth.

“Open wide, Princess,” Dan said. He pressed himself forward.

‘Oh my God, I’m about to give a blow job in public,’ Alice thought wildly. From the back of her mind came the sarcastic reply, ‘You’re already naked and tied up like a pork roast. Why not go for the trifecta?’ Closing her eyes, she parted her lips.

Alice tried to relax as the head of Dan’s cock slid past her teeth. She could taste the saltiness there. She felt the ridges and veins. Dan pushed in slowly, almost tenderly. Only when he tickled the back of her throat and Alice made a little gagging sound did he stop his advance.

Having found Alice’s limits, Dan started to move. He slid back slowly. He took his time with each thrust. Dan wanted to enjoy the sensation. But more than that he wanted the power. It was the power to have a woman naked and bound in public, to have her on her knees, servicing him.

Alice tried to block out their surroundings. ‘I’m at home in my bedroom,’ she told herself. Keeping her eyes closed she worked on pleasuring her captor. Just thinking of the word brought up images of lusty pirates ripping the bodices of helpless females. She wrapped her tongue about Dan’s cock, secretly satisfied at the groan that escaped him.

As his excitement grew Dan thrust deeper. Alice made little gagging sounds with every thrust. It was impossible for her to pull back. The pole behind her and the belt that wrapped around her throat saw to that. She felt her hair in Dan’s fist. He pulled on it as he thrust, dragging Alice forward where the belt threatened to cut off her air.

Spots danced behind Alice’s eyelids. She would have used her safe-word, but the only sound escaping her was a wet, “Urk, urk,” in time with Dan’s thrusts. Just as she was certain that she would pass out, Dan pulled back. His cock left her mouth with a wet “pop”. Hot semen sprayed across her chest. Alice gasped for air.

“Well done, Princess,” Dan said in a winded voice. “I guess we should get you home for your treat.” He unbuckled his belt, freeing Alice from the pole. He did not put his belt back on. Instead, he wrapped it once more around Alice’s throat. Taking two turns about her neck he buckled it into an improvised collar.

Alice shuddered as the belt tightened. She had been on enough forums to know what a collar meant. But she wondered if Dan knew.

They walked home, Dan’s arm about her possessively. He had freed her hands and pulled her coat closed, but had not allowed Alice to clean herself up. She could feel his fluids drying on her skin where they had dribbled down between her breasts.

Alice’s mind buzzed with anticipation. She wondered what Dan’s “Treat” would be? Would he tie her up and make love to her? Or did he have some darker plan? Alice couldn’t find the pattern in Dan’s behavior. One minute he was the dweeby guy next door, the next he was the strict dom.

The trip from the building entrance to her front door felt like running a gauntlet to Alice. She tried to sink down in her coat, hoping to hide the belt wrapped around her throat. An elderly gentleman managed to get onto the elevator with them. He surreptitiously eyed the couple as the car rose.

Dan slipped his hand from Alice’s bicep to her hip. She froze in terror as he lifted the hem of her coat. Alice could do nothing as her naked hip was exposed. The show caught the old man by surprise. His eyes widened. A spasm of coughing wracked his frame. A shaky hand reached out to press the button for the next floor, where he stumbled out.

Alice let out a sigh of relief as the doors closed once again. Dan laughed at the elderly gentleman’s discomfiture, or maybe at Alice’s. “I think he got off on the wrong floor,” he said with a chuckle. “I wonder if his wife will be getting a leather coat for their anniversary?”

Pushing her coat back down Alice protested, “What if you’d given the poor old man a heart attack?” she said accusingly. “I’m not dressed to give CPR, you know.”

“I’ll agree that your body does set the heart racing,” Dan replied as they reached Alice’s apartment. He retrieved his key and unlocked the door. After ushering her inside he said. “Now why don’t you take off that coat and we’ll see how strong mine is?”

Being back inside the security of her own place restored some of Alice’s confidence. She turned her back to Dan before slipping the coat off her shoulders. Letting it fall behind her she strutted down the hallway. Clad in only high heels and rope harness she placed a hand on her hip. She threw a glance back over her shoulder and purred, “Your wish is my command, Sir.”

Dan smiled as Alice played the vixen. When she ran her hands down her body and purred, “These ropes sure are tight,” he quickly responded. “I think your bedroom would be a good place to loosen them. Perhaps I should find the rest of your toys?”

Alice hid her smile beneath a look of mock concern. “I’m not sure what you mean, Sir,” she said innocently. Her hips swung alluringly as she headed towards the bedroom. It was all she could do to keep from running. ‘Yes!’ her inner voice crowed.

Once in the bedroom Dan retrieved the overnight bag. “Have a seat, Princess,” he commanded her. Pulling out a coil of rope he ordered her to present her hands.

Alice was a bit disappointed when Dan bound her hands before her. It didn’t seem very creative compared to the other times he’d taken control. She stifled a sigh. At least he didn’t seem like he was about to run away again.

With Alice’s hands secured Dan addressed the body harness that wrapped about her body. He turned her about, working the knots that held the rope web in place. He ran his fingers over each line as he removed them, eliciting groans of pleasure from his captive.

Alice’s knees wobbled as Dan drew the cords from between her legs. She brought her bound hands down, pushing his hands back into her pleasure zone.

Her reward was to have her head jerked backwards as Dan grabbed her hair. He pulled her hard against him, grabbing her bound hands in the process. “If I need help, I’ll ask for it, Princess,” he hissed. “Until then keep still.”

Alice was shocked at the sudden shift from tender to aggressive. She stood with her back against his body. Dan’s hardened cock pressed against her back. “Uh, yes Sir,” she said meekly.

By the time the harness ropes were off Alice felt like she was on fire. Dan had caressed her, teased her and stroked her nipples until they were hard as diamonds. She noticed in all of that he had not removed the belt that encircled her throat. When he told her to get on the bed she practically threw herself down on the duvet.

Dan ordered Alice to raise her hands above her head. The headboard was an old brass piece she’d picked up at a second-hand store. It was worn, but worked wonderfully for her self-bondage games. Now she reached up, grabbing one of the brass stiles with bound hands. as Dan secured them there before moving on to her feet.

Alice watched as Dan completed single column ties about each ankle. She envisioned her legs spread wide with her hands bound above her head; an “Eiffel Tower” tie. Not the most exotic tie, but hopefully it came with some benefits that only her captor could provide.

Her assessment of Dan’s skills changed when he slipped a loop of cord around her waist. He tied it low against her hips before securing it to the side of the bed. Dan repeated the process, leading the free end of that rope to the opposite side of the bed. Alice discovered that she could not shift from side to side in the bed without one of the ropes squeezing her middle.

Dan took the long free ends of the ankle ropes up towards the top of the bed. Each corner of the old headboard was surmounted with a large brass orb. He looped the ropes around them and pulled.

Alice was surprised to find her ankles drawn towards her body. She bent her knees as her ankles pressed against her thighs. Still the ropes pulled. Alice was forced to straighten her legs. She watched in shock as Dan dragged her ankles towards the head of the bed.

When Alice’s legs were straight above her Dan took the two rope ends and tied them together across the headboard. Satisfied that they were secure, he untied her hands from the stile. Leading the free end up, Dan tied it off to the ankle ropes that ran along the top of the brass rail.

Alice eyed her bondage with trepidation. Her hands were above her head and about twelve inches from the mattress. She tried lowering them, but found that doing so pulled her feet closer to the headboard. Now the cords about her waist made perfect sense. Without them Alice could have wormed her way to the top of the bed, easing the stress on her limbs. As it was, she was stuck.

Dan crawled onto the bed. He positioned himself down between Alice’s upturned legs. Sliding his hands across her raised backside he looked up at her with a smile. “Now what am I going to do with you,” he asked rhetorically.

“I’ve got some suggestions,” Alice replied as she wiggled her tush.

“I’ll bet you do,” Dan said as he stripped off his shirt. “Be sure to fill out the appropriate form and drop it in the suggestion box,” he snarked. He ran his fingers between her thighs, lightly stroking her labia.

Already sensitive from an evening of rope, Alice’s sex sprang to life at Dan’s touch. Frantic messages of arousal rocketed towards her brain. The captive girl squirmed on the bed, trying to thrust herself onto Dan’s probing fingers.

Alice’s need grew as Dan toyed with her. His fingers drew lazy circles about her clit, only lightly brushing a nail across it from time to time. Her body burned with desire. “Oh please,” she begged. “I want you so bad.”

“Bad enough to show up naked at my door,” Dan chided her. “But all things come to those who wait. Now let me see where that thing is,” he said as he climbed off the bed.

Alice felt a moment of panic that Dan would leave her hanging, both literally and figuratively. She saw him rummaging through her overnight bag. “Ah, I thought I saw one,” she heard him say. Looking up, Alice tried to hide her disappointment. In his hand was a flesh-colored dildo.

The toy had a suction cup on one end. Alice had purchased it to add some spice to her self-bondage chair ties, but found being impaled on the stiff silicone dong for an extended period was more uncomfortable than arousing.

And now Dan was going to use it on her instead of doing the deed himself. ‘Oh well,’ she thought, ‘it’s better than nothing.’ Still, she made one last play, “I prefer the real thing.”

“Is that so,” Dan said as he positioned himself with a bird’s eye view of her pussy. He used it like a baton, delivering several light taps on her clit. The yelp of distress it elicited fueled the mad thing that hovered at the back of his mind.

“Unfortunately for you I’m the one who decides what you’ll get and when you’ll get it.” He slowly dragged the toy down her slit. “Isn’t that right, Princess?”

A gasp escaped Alice. “Y-yes Sir,” she stammered out. Even the touch of the cold rubber excited her at that point. Alice bit her lip as Dan ground the shaft against her. She could feel her juices flowing, lubricating the dildo as he worked a teasing pattern over her. Left, right, center, on occasion just slipping the tip inside, only to draw it back again. It was maddening and intoxicating.

Dan felt as if he would soon explode. Did Alice realize that he tormented himself as well as her? He lifted the dildo, savoring the little cry of disappointment from the woman. Climbing up between her legs, Dan straddled her.

Taking the dripping toy in one hand he drew little wet circles around Alice’s nipples. He pressed his hips against her naked flesh, enjoying the way she struggled to press herself against him even though the fabric of his jeans blocked her from what she desired.

Only when Alice’s nipples were hard little buds did Dan cease. He loomed over Alice, catching her hair in one hand while still holding the toy in the other. He leaned down to plant a hard kiss on her mouth, probing her with his tongue.

When he broke contact Alice again begged, “Please,” Dan smiled. “You are a chatty little thing tonight.” He lifted the glistening, wet dildo before her face. “I think it’s time to fix that.”

Alice tried to turn away as the phallic toy was pressed to her lips, but Dan’s grip on her hair tightened. She clamped her mouth shut, refusing the violation of her mouth. Dan responded by dragging it playfully across her lips.

“If it doesn’t go here, perhaps there’s some other unexplored hole where it will fit,” he said warningly.

Alice’s eyes widened in sudden fear. She wasn’t really into anal play. But she knew if Dan tried to force the big toy inside her it would destroy her. She would call yellow before it happened, of course. And hopefully that would be enough. But it was better not to call Dan’s bluff. She meekly opened her mouth.

Dan held the dildo inches from Alice’s open mouth. “On no Princess, now you have to beg for it.”

With cheeks burning crimson Alice stammered, “P-please Sir, put that in my mouth.”

Dan pressed his hips harder against Alice’s naked sex. He could feel her wetness soaking the cloth of his pants. “That’s not nearly good enough. If you want things to move along, you’re going to have to try a lot harder.

Alice moaned as Dan ground into her. “Please Sir,” she cried, “I want to suck on that cock so badly. I want to pretend it is you.” She realized as she said it that it was the truth. She did want to have him in her mouth once again, to be forced to service her captor while she was powerless to stop him.

“Good girl,” Dan crooned. He slid the toy into Alice’s waiting mouth. From his own experience he had a good idea how deep he could go without making her gag. When he advanced past that Alice made an unlovely retching sound. “We’ll have to work on that,” he said as he withdrew slightly.

Dan released his grip on the dildo. “Now you practice with that while I take care of other things,” he told Alice. “And if I were you, I would be sure not to drop it.”

Alice, fearing the consequences of losing the fake cock wrapped her lips tightly around it. She could feel the molded veins and wrinkles on it. The toy tasted of her own juices. Dan had seen to that.

A little whimper of protest escaped Alice as Dan climbed off of her. She was afraid that he was going to leave her like that, needy and unfulfilled.

Dan stood at the side of the bed, stripping off his shoes and socks. He had the random thought that a woman could look sexy peeling off her stockings, but a man always looked awkward taking off his socks.

As he unzipped his jeans he caught Alice’s eye. She was staring at him, watching his every move with the hunger of a caged jungle cat. “Let’s see some more sucking there, Princess,” he chided her.

Alice didn’t realize she was staring at Dan until he spoke. Not wanting to interrupt what he was doing she began diligently sucking on the silicone cock in her mouth. In her excitement she tried to be mindful that she didn’t pull it in too deep, or push it completely out of her mouth.

Her anticipation grew as he stepped out of his jeans. Alice nearly spit out the dildo as Dan’s underpants came off. His erect member sprang into view, waving slightly like it had a life of its own. She watched as he reached into his wallet and pulled out a condom.

Dan slipped the latex over his erection, careful not to over stimulate himself. Now would be an embarrassing time to cum. He thought of projects at work that needed completing as a distraction. But one look at Alice as she struggled in her bonds snapped him quickly back to the here and now. The work projects were suddenly darker, sinister creations in his mind.

Alice was so aroused when Dan mounted the bed, she inadvertently let the dildo slide deeper into her mouth. It hit the back of her throat, gagging her. Frantically she worked her tongue to push the toy away. She tried to reach with her bound hands, pulling against the cords that held her ankles in the air.

Dan, having positioned himself below Alice, was witness to the struggle. Alice had nearly folded herself in half as she reached toward her mouth. Her toes nearly touched the brass headboard but he knew that it would not be enough. To rescue the girl from her predicament he reached up and pulled the rubber phallus back.

A relieved sigh escaped Alice. Dan had told her to keep the toy in her mouth. But if he hadn’t intervened she would have been forced to turn her head aside and spit it out. Dan now held the end of the dildo, leaving the tip and shaft still inside her mouth.

“Nobody told you to stop sucking, Princess,” he said as he advanced the phallus. “Get back to work or it might stay in your mouth till morning.”

Alice attacked the toy with renewed vigor. She didn’t think that Dan would make her keep the dildo all night. But she hadn’t imagined that he would force her into public oral sex either. Her rather staid neighbor was an apparently thin veneer over a very dark personality. It was best not to take chances.

Dan smiled as he felt the dildo drawn back into Alice’s mouth. He held it with his left hand while guiding his erection with his right. Inching forward, he pressed his thighs against her upturned cheeks. His rigid member parted the wet folds of Alice’s sex.

A shudder passed through Alice as she welcomed Dan’s intrusion. She wanted to push down on him, to bring him deep inside. But the cords about her waist pinned her to the bed like a butterfly pinned to a collector’s board. She settled for clenching her pelvic muscles, gripping his cock inside her.

A gasp escaped Dan as he felt Alice tighten up around him. He almost lost it then and there. If he let his mind think about the beautiful girl willingly bound and helpless before him, he would simply explode. Instead, he busied his mind with the mundane while letting his body follow its natural instincts.

Alice’s own thoughts swept her into her deepest fantasies as she ‘sucked and fucked.’ Was she kidnapped and ravaged by outlaw bikers, or a captive princess in a dungeon? Her mind spun madly as her body went into overdrive.

With the two lovers so aroused it was more a sprint than a marathon. But it left them both satisfied, sweat soaked and panting. Dan rested inside her while he plucked the sopping wet dildo from Alice’s mouth.

When Alice gasped, “Oh God, thank you!” Dan was unsure if her gratitude was for the sex or having the toy removed. It seemed an inappropriate question to ask. Instead, he busied himself removing the ropes that bound her.

Only when Dan moved to remove his belt from Alice’s throat did she intervene. “Please don’t,” she said, interposing her hands between his. Dan was uncertain what to make of her behavior. He gave a mental shrug. He couldn’t figure out his neighbor on a good day. And at this point in the evening he wasn’t sure he could explain his own behavior either.
