---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/modern_punishment2.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Modern Punishment 2
authors:
- Neo
tags:
- Machine/f+
- FF/ff
- latex
- bond
- cell
- enemas
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-02-28 00:00:00
---

WARNING ! This story is intended for adult persons over the age of eighteen and should
not be viewed by those under that age or the legal age of consent where you live.
This story contains aspects of rubber fetishism and other sexual acts and practices that
may be offensive to some people. This story is for ADULTS ONLY! If you don’t like seeing
things such as this, Please, read no further.
Unless authorized by the writer, this story is considered copyrighted and is the
intellectual property thereof. Please do not post to pay sites or any place else with out
the authors permission.
Thanks to Lola for re-reading and improvements.

**Modern Punishment (Part 2)**

Steph awoke during the night. She was in total darkness but soon understood what had
awoken her. She felt slight vibrations from the plug stuck in her ass. It was hardly
noticeable but just enough to awake her, due to its sensitive location. She felt upset, she
was tired and wanted to sleep. The vibrations stopped, she felt relieved. She heard a
satisfactory moan, and understood that her companion was expressing her relief as well.

She was about to return to sleep when her butt-plug started to vibrate again, this time
slightly more intensively. Steph tried to ignore the vibrations, but she soon realised that
it was impossible. She felt some tension from her neck chain; the other prisoner was
awake too. Then it stopped. Her whole body relaxed. But this time, her mind stayed on
alert. She was on her guard, waiting for her anal intruder to start vibrating again. Her
attention focused on her sphincter made her aware of how filled she was.

But soon she
was distracted by new vibrations, coming from the dildo filling her pussy. She
instinctively tried to move her legs but the chains connecting her ankles quickly limited
her freedom. As she was struggling against her bonds, her butt plug resumed its
vibrations. Both intruders were now buzzing, sending waves of stimuli to her mind. She
was now totally awake, her senses at full charge. She felt tightness of the latex all over
her body. She became aware of how restrictive her bonds were.

Once again the collar
around her neck communicated a tension due to her cellmate movements. She felt a
contact with her breasts. Her first reflex was to avoid it, but she soon realised that it was
the other girl that had simply rolled in front of her. The other prisoner’s moans were very
close; Steph realised that they were face to face. She heard the woman's breath,
accentuated by the tightness of the nose holes on her hood.

To her own surprise, Steph
tried to move closer to her companion. She had no lesbian experience, but this rubber
clad body, sharing the same torment as she was experiencing excited her. Their bodies
came into contact again, both sets of breasts mutually massaging each other. Steph had
never been so horny. For a split second her mind was shocked by this thought, but at
this instant both intruders increased their vibrations. Her crotch was now the only thing
on her mind. Vibrations increased her perception of fullness. Her fellow prisoner was
getting hotter too, if the frequency of her breaths was anything to go on. Knowing that
the other prisoner was close to climax made her realise that a huge orgasm was also
building inside her.

All of a sudden she felt an additional pressure against her crotch,
pushing her dildo deeper, if that was even possible. She quickly guessed that the other
girl had rubbed one of her thighs against her crotch. This was the trigger of Steph's
climax. She felt her whole body go rigid, overpowered by violent waves of pleasure. It
lasted a few seconds, and as it was diminishing in intensity, she then heard loud moans
from her companion. It reactivated Steph's orgasm and her muscle contractions. She felt
her sphincter contracting several times around the vibrator plugging her. Her arms and
ankles fighting against their irons. Both prisoners were shaking spasmodically despite the
fact that their neck chain didn't allow much freedom. The sporadic movements of the two
girls were held in check by their neck collars.
Then the vibrations slowly decreased and Steph sighed in relief.

When the intruders filling
her cavities totally stopped, she felt exhausted. She had never experienced such a
climax. Her breathing still had not slowed and her heart was still beating very quickly.
But both were calming. A few minutes after, her pulse returned to normal. Her mind
switched off, her body betrayed her surrender and she fell asleep within seconds. Calm
returned to their cell. Noise sensors hidden in walls logged nothing except slight metallic
sounds made by prisoners moving in their sleep.

Program controlling cell NewEntrants\_4
followed normal process and put vibrators on hold until 7.00am.

Somewhere in one of
numerous databases logging building activity, one hard-drive modified its magnetic
structure to log information :

“01:46:12 A493[T] – stage 1 completed – location NE4”

“01.46:12 A494 – stage 1 completed – location NE4”

“07:00:00 A493[T] – start awaking – location NE4”

“07:00:00 A494– start awaking – location NE4”

From deep within her subconcious Steph felt her sphincter slightly contracting around its
intruder. She soon realised that this was due to slight vibrations coming once again from
the plug. She tried to ignore it and get more sleep but the vibrations were slowly
increasing in intensity. She also heard A494 moaning through her gag. Industrial lights
on the ceiling switched on and she saw A494 trying to move.

By this time Steph
surrendered to wakefulness, she knew that sleep was gone. She thought again about her
situation, locked in a cell, chained with her inmate, covered with a latex catsuit and
plugged in all orifices. She saw the black shiny female testing her chains. She knew she
was in same contraption. This helpless feeling aroused her. A strong orgasm was
starting, she knew she was about to cum. Then the dildo in her pussy started to vibrate
as well, imperceptibly but enough to trigger a powerful climax. Steph felt her body go
rigid for a second time and fight against its bounds. The violence of the climax surprised
her.

She lay on the floor, hearing A494 experiencing wildly the same wake-up call. They
were both lying on the floor, still breathing heavily. The calm after a storm.
The Door crashed open, and two guards entered the cell. The collar chain that connected
Steph to her inmate was unlocked to be linked to her back collar ring and one guard
produced another chain locked this on her front ring.

“Stand up. Now”, ordered the woman.

A493 and A494 complied without hesitation they knew that fighting was useless in their
situation.

“The system reported that you both had sexual-like interaction during your stay in this
cell. You may not be aware but even if you are sometimes closely chained with other
subjects, you may never seek interaction thus you must avoid any physical contact. It’s
just a warning today. There will not be second warning a corrective measure will be
taken next time, so I hope you get the point, now follow” she added.

Again in the corridor, they were walking behind the first guard, the other following in the
rear of their group. They saw other prisoners escorted, all captive women shared the
same uniform: black latex catsuit, black latex hood, all chained with same ankle-wrist-neck
system, allowing little freedom. What struck Steph was how erotic this spectacle
was, and how disciplined the prisoners seemed.

“The CellFuture psychological process does seem to work”, thought Steph.

Their small group entered in a large room, walls built from raw concrete, with two very
long steel tables in the center, around fifty prisoners were sitting there, on both sides of
the tables, under the supervision of numerous guards. Most had a tube coming from the
ceiling, attached to their gags.

“This will be your canteen; most days you’ll be given three meals. It’s liquid food that
you suck thru your mouth gag. It tastes good but more importantly it has all the
ingredients to keep you in the best possible shape. Take a seat.”

A494 and A493 sat side to side, still linked by their collar. Once sitting, Steph needed
little to remind her that her ass was still nicely plugged. One of the guards linked a tube
hanging from the ceiling to a tiny hole in center of their gags. Steph started to suck and
soon a viscous liquid started to flow through the gag into her mouth. Indeed it tasted
good, like a fruit mix. After few minutes, Steph had sucked her full ration. Her two
guards unhooked the tubes and their small group exited from the canteen.

A short walk later and they reached another room. It was a covered with white ceramic
tiles, shining under heavy lights. Along walls, a dozen of the prisoners were chained a
two metre gap separating each one. Steph stared at their crotches. Each woman had her
stealth hanging from her crotch with tubing going to the floor.

“Each day, you’ll be allowed to release yourself. The stealths installed in both your lower
orifices are open ended in fact. We will connect this system to it; you’ll then be able to
expel your waste. All wastes are sucked away by the system. Then starts a water/air
process that will clean everything. Then lubing is applied to get you ready for the day.
Process is very efficient as you’ll see.”

Steph and her companion were directed to the wall and their collars chained to a ring.
Their respective guards removed their belts with the pair of plugs. Then they put thin
latex gloves on their hands and started to remove the dildos. Slowly Steph felt her pussy
become free of its intruder. Then she felt her butt plug pulled very slowly out. She tried
to relax her anal muscles as much as she could to allow the plug to exit as easily as
possible. The wider part being still within acceptable limits for her, the plug was soon
released. Having never been penetrated in both holes, she realised now strong the
feeling of fullness had been during the last hours.

Then her guards started to pull-out the
ultra-thin stealths still in her pussy and ass. Once done, the stealths were connected to
two tubes coming from the floor. After that was done, the guards indicated by a small
sign that they were free to release their bowels. A cleaning process followed, then Steph
felt dry, though not for long since a lube-emulsion finished this stage.
The guards removed the tubing and pushed the stealths in with their fingers. The lubing
had been very effective indeed and quickly Steph had a strange feeling of openness even
if the stealths presence was hardly noticeable.

Guards unlocked them from the wall and
pulled on their chains, Steph and her A494 had no choice except to follow.
They were guided to a medium sized cell, with eight captives seated on the floor. Five
had their collar chained to the left wall. Two wallrings were vacant on the right. A494 and
A493 were placed next to them and freed from their mutual link.

“Don’t move. Since your entrant phase is now accomplished, without any major incident,
you’ll be allowed to wear your wrists cuffs in front. You’ll appreciate this slight
difference.”

One guard went behind A494 to keep a firm grip on her arms as the other was unlocking
her neck collar and her wrist cuffs. Then she passed the chain between A494’s legs and
proceeded to lock everything again in front. Finally A494 collar was chained to wallring
and A494 sat on the floor, her back touching the concrete wall due to the shortness of
the chain.
The same process was applied to Steph, who did appreciate having her arms in front.
She carefully joined her inmates on the floor, the chain was long enough to sit, but
allowed very little freedom. She noticed that her wrists cuffs were connected to the chain
linking the collar and ankle cuffs at the level of her stomach, preventing any attempt to
reach her crotch area.
Both guards then exited and closed the door.

She felt the other captives observing her and her previous companion, but soon this
interest seemed to fade, and calm filled the room. She tried to test her wrists cuffs, to
move a little but it was totally useless. She became resigned to her fate. Time started to
stand still for Steph.
“This is crazy” she thought.
She examined all the women in the room, she had already noticed, that they all had
athletic forms. She thought it was a consequence of the strict food diet they had to
endure.
She could see the woman in front of her in same position. She looked very attractive, in
her shiny black catsuit. Steph’s gaze took in the area where her pussy stealth was
located. All the inmates were free of intruders, which was the reason for this calm. Steph
looked at her crotch, to see that her catsuit was so tight that her delicious lips were
slightly visible, with the stealth hardly visible.
“How devious” she smiled to herself.

Hours passed. From time to time, an inmate moved slightly, or twisted in her bonds, her
chains making a metallic sound, but it was the only noticeable incident. Steph thought
about numerous aspects of the project, and she understood that this was one of the
reasons to make the guards and management endure this experience, so that they could
see it from the other side.
All of a sudden, a speaker loudly instructed them to stand up. All ten prisoners complied
within seconds. Then four guards entered and started to chain each inmate to the other
via their collars.

When done, the group exited from the cell.
Lunch was a quick, the food tasted different, something more salty, but it was still very
good. The group was guided back to the cell where they had spent the whole morning.
After being unlocked they were instructed to lie on their back, then each back ring collar
was connected to a ring on the wall located at the floor level. This montage didn’t allow a
captive to raise their hand more than few centimetres. Then the chain linking their wrist
cuffs was tightly attached to their front collar ring. The first consequence was that each
captive had to flex her legs to the maximum since the ankle chain was pulled to the
collar.

“You will all endure a long session until tomorrow morning. Don’t worry you won’t skip
dinner”, explained the guard in charge of Steph.

This position left her crotch clearly exposed, this helpless feeling aroused Steph. She
knew that her pussy was getting wet. Her nipples were also getting harder, her breasts
firmly held by her latex catsuit.
Then a belt was passed around her waist. She felt fingers gently probing her asshole.
After she felt the first small intrusion it gave away to a massive one. It withdrew a little
and then pushed a little bit further. Steph tried to relax, knowing that no matter what
she would still end up firmly plugged. This plug was slightly bigger than the previous one
she had had endure, but still it wasn’t oversized, and thanks to good lubing, her
sphincter accepted this intruder without pain.
Nevertheless when it contracted around the tighter base, Steph could not deny that this
area was quite full. She was now very wet and hot.

When the guard worked to push a
dildo in her pussy she couldn’t prevent herself from climaxing. It was very quick but as
intense as she would have expected. Then the belt was closing around her crotch,
pushing the dildo and the plug a little further.
“I’m done now.” She thought.

All the captives were plugged and belted, and the guards left the room. The previous
calm didn’t follow. The air was full of moans, of chains being pulled and tested. Steph
joined in the party as well, both intruders probing deeply inside her. She tried to raise
her head, she managed to raise it enough to see her cellmates struggling as she was. In
her predicament, her feet against her cheeks, her ass was slightly stretched, increasing
the presence of her butt plug.
She was enduring this when both plugs started to vibrate. She could not refrain from
letting out a loud protest into her gag, but she knew that fighting was as useless as
during her first night. The orgasm built within her slowly as she contracted vagina and
sphincter against their respective intruders.

After few minutes on the edge, she erupted.
Her moans, even softened by her gag were still loud and it triggered numerous climaxes
among her companions of captivity. Steph’s orgasm lasted a long time and one by one
waves of pure pleasure hit her mind.

Exhausted, she started to sleep.

The afternoon that passed was quite chaotic for Steph. Periods of sleep and exhaustion
followed wild climaxes. Dinnertime finally came and the guards unlocked their collars
from the floor to allow them to sit up. Bottles were attached to the higher wallring of
each instalment and a tube was connected to their gags. Steph sucked her ratio all the
more rapidly as she felt her body needed it after hours of tension.

After this pause,
prisoners had to get back into the previous position, lying on their back. During the
evening and the night that followed, the women had to experience the same session
even if the inactive period were longer, but the vibrations were not always synchronized.

“00:00:01 A493[T] – day 1/30 completed – location CC4”

Until lights came again the next morning, Steph awoke several times due to another
cellmate climaxing.

“07:00:00 A493[T] – start awaking – location CC4”

Similar to the previous day, Steph was awoken by her plugs. After that tumultuous night
Steph still felt quite tired. Since her previous lunch, she had managed to sleep numerous
times, but never more than one hour at a time.
Four guards entered; the prisoners were freed from the wall and linked together before
being conducted to the canteen. Once seated, Steph start to observe other prisoners.
Each seemed very calm, accepting this unreal situation.
Even after less than forty hours under this treatment, Steph had abandoned all fighting
will. Multiple powerful climaxes had put her in a state of calm that she had never
experienced before.
