---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/memory_lane.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Memory Lane
authors:
- Lee and James
tags:
- Sbf
- M/ff
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-04-12 00:00:00
---

Memory Lane by Lee and James
**New Updated Version with Part 2**

Some of this story is as told to James by Lee many years ago. Some is
what happened during that time and more is the history since they left
high school.  Lee’s words are in Italics

Behind my house was a fair sized wood which covered about 3 acres wide
and about 20 acres long. In the center was a deeper area that ran from
the two roads at either end. Lee lived at the East end of this woods and
I lived about ¾ of the way west of her. I used the woods to dig
a private cave into one bank. From inside my cave I day dreamed and fantasied
about captive females serving my every wish while bound.

One Saturday while going to my cave I heard movement on the path down
the center of the low area coming from the East. I hid behind two trees
to see who it was. Then I saw Lee. She came almost too where I was and
then turned off the path toward a large Oak tree. Once at the foot of the
tree she looked around carefully to see if anyone was around. Assured that
there was not she undressed. I had not realized what a fine body she had
for a 15-year-old girl. Then she put on a loincloth and took a piece of
rope out of her bag. Tossing one end over a limb about 4 feet over her
head.  Making slip knots in the two ends she slip them over each wrist,
pulled a little and did cross over loops until she was almost on her tip
toes. (A cross over loop is where you make a loop, then turn it over, and
then slip your wrist or ankle thru it). With the last loop on each wrist,
she could stand almost flat footed.  Leaning against the tree she
played the captive Indian maiden about to be whipped by a cowboy or someone
else, I wasn’t quite sure. After about 15 minutes of this, I could hear
her exhale quite loudly and look around startled by her own sounds. Quickly
she stood on her toes and with some effort loosened the ropes on one hand
using her other hand. Then she quickly freed herself, dressed and left.

I could not believe my discovery and wondered how to introduce my fantasies
to her without exposing what I’d seen as I did not wish to frighten her
off.  Finally, it hit me. I told one of her friends about my cave
and where it was located. The next Saturday I waited to see if the cave
had any visitors. It did indeed. Of course, all the bondage stuff was hidden
but the detective magazines were in full view. Lee and her girl friend
visited and laughed about the magazines. As I listened I heard Lee tell
her friend that it was a secret and not to tell anyone at school. She promised
only if Lee told her everything about her spying on me the next weekend.

The next week went by ever so slowly. Each day in the halls of school,
I would see Lee and had to pretend that I know nothing about her trips
to the woods or my cave. Finally Saturday arrived and I quickly pack a
bag and informed my parents (who both worked Monday thru Saturday) that
I was going to go down to the library and then a movie. I ran as quickly
as I could to the cave and then to the tree where I had hidden to watch
Lee just two short weeks earlier. After an hour she came by, first she
looked into the cave and then returned to her tree. I guess she was feeling
more adventures as she tossed a long piece of rawhide over a lower branch
on the other side of the Oak tree. Once over she slipped a slipknot over
both ankles and did a couple of loops. Then she made another knot in the
other end that was over the branch and putting her wrists behind her back
she pulled somewhat tight. She tested loosing the knot and it loosened.
Next she did one cross over loop after again tightening the slip knot.
Testing it again, she could still loosen it. She took one more cross over
loop and was almost on her toes.  Then she waited and moved her body
as she was getting hot.  Then I realized that the rawhide was tightening
on her wrists and ankles and was shortening as she was now totally on her
toes. One more movement of her hips and her foot slipped and she lost her
balance and fell forward. She let out a gasp as she found herself suspended
by her wrists and ankles in a hogtie.  I knew that she was in a lot
of pain and almost rushed to help her when the limb bend down and the rawhide
moved along the branch and dropped her to the ground. Instantly she rolled
over several times down the slope from the tree and stopped.  Slowly
she moved her hands and feet but could not loosen the totally tighten rawhide
as it had bit deeply into her skin. Finally she started to crawl and then
getting up she hopped until she would fall toward the cave.

Quickly I circled around her, enter the cave, and waited.  After
about 10 minutes, I heard a “hello”. I answered “yes, whose there?” It’s
Lee she replied so I got up and walked to the entrance to find her now
without her loincloth standing very naked before me. I smiled, “it seems
that you have decided to present yourself as a captive to me?” Lee simply
replied that she had made a mistake and needed help.  I told her that
I know about her self-bondage, planned to see her today, and had in fact
planned the information about the cave.  She begged for release of
her hands and feet as they were going numb. I did so only after tying her
elbows close but not cutting off the blood flow and then tying this rope
to one coming down from one of the beams. She was still helpless and naked.
“Now I said it is time to talk.”

*Long before you could purchase equipment in person or by mail outside
of New York and just maybe a few other cities there where those of us who
saw the covers and stories of bondage in detective magazines many of which
had photos.*

*During my freshman year in high school, I found one of these magazines
in the back of my father’s dry cleaning delivery truck. I put it down the
front of my skirt and pulled my sweater over it.*
*Later that night I looked at the photo story of a female burglar
who breaks in and ties up a female dressed in lingerie. After being tied
and spanked, she turns the tables while the “cat burglar” is looking for
what to steal. She firmly ties up the burglar and spanks her soundly before
calling the police. All I can tell you is that it made me hotter than I
thought possible. That is when I started to do self-bondage games in the
woods.*

*My game was being the captured innocent female Indian maiden, secretary,
or housewife. However, after a time I stuck with the Indian as she was
either naked or almost naked. Being nude is the woods and tied made me
feel far more venerable to being taken sexually by whoever found me. Of
course, I really didn’t want to be raped but that was part of the fantasy
for me.  I found a favorite tree to play round as it had several limbs
that were low and various sizes.*

*Self bondage when I was young was unheard of in the mid-west and
therefore I and others did not have any source for methods, materials etc. 
Each time I would play and many times at home, I would look at my young
body and wonder what it would look like in 5 years or so. For now, I was
5’ 1” tall about 100 lbs with 32B breasts and flaming red hair.  Not
bad I though each time I looked into the mirror.*

*My entire life changed the day I learned about James’ cave near where
I played. I even fantasized about making noise so he would catch me tied
and “helpless”. Of course, I could get loose from the bondage the way I
did it. Then it hit me that after seeing his cave and the axe that was
there I could push it further, a little and if I got stuck, hop over to
the cave and cut myself loose. You cannot imagine how this made me feel
on the arousal scale.*

*The next Saturday I planned to tie myself differently using wet rawhide
like we have seen in the movie “The outlaw” with Jane Russell. (Dating
myself now). At first, I tested being able to release myself and then finally
just went for the total helplessness and hope that I could get loose or
to the cave. At a last resort, I ask my best female friend, Loretta, to
come get me if I wasn’t home by 8 PM. If I had been tied until she showed
up I most likely would have lost my hands and feet, stupid setup of my
plan without testing anything. Finally, I was in the bondage and then I
tried to loosen the knots but they would not move. Slowly the rawhide got
smaller and smaller and with an orgasm from this I lost my balance and
found myself in a suspended hogtie (term learned later). The pain was overwhelming
and I grew sick and dizzy. Then the branch bent and I slid to the ground,
thank God! However, I still could not get lose.*

*All I could do was crawl, hop and fall toward James’ cave and the
axe. My hands and feet were going numb quickly and panic started to set
in. Finally, I reached the entrance to the cave and called a “hello” hoping
that James was not there as I was totally helpless and naked. On the other
hand, my sex told me that it wanted him there, my sex won. James answered
my call and got me inside. I soon found myself tied in another way, totally
helpless and still naked.*

*We talked for several hours about what I like to do and why I do
what I have done. James showed me many magazines of bondage and games people
play. The more I saw the more I was turned on by it all and my being tied
and naked.  Finally, he asked if I wish to play seriously with him
on weekends, vacation time and any other time we could get together. My
answer came quickly as a loud “yes”. James added “Yes Master”. I swallowed
the words and then spoke them for the first time in my life “Yes Master”.*

*James stood up and moved toward me and before I knew what was happening
I found myself tied on my knees before him. All he asked was if I had ever
given a male “head” before. I shook my head no and I was afraid of being
raped or used sexually for that matter. Then he asked if I have ever had
sex of any kind with a male or female. Again, I replied “no master”. 
I wanted him to force me but yet I didn’t, I was totally confused but I
knew that I wanted to play my game seriously and that was possible with
James. I leaned forward and with eyes closed opened my mouth to willing
accept his cock. (You have to note that in our day rubbers could not be
purchased unless you were 18). Thus, we younger people had to do with only
oral and anal sex and I wasn’t ready for him to ram his cock up my ass.*

*His cum tasted sweet when he suddenly filled my mouth with it and
I also gagged swallowing it all.  Just then, I hear hands clapping
and Loretta’s voice saying Bravo.*
*Half turning I saw her at the cave entrance. I soon learned that
she like me wanted to play and my setting the stage was a perfect excuse.
She had told James about our visit to the cave the week before and he acknowledged
that he knew it and was “setting me up for this weekend”. It was at that
time that James learned about Loretta’s fantasies about the same subjects
as mine, neither of knew about the other.*

*After Cumming in my mouth, James placed some leather straps to my
wrists and waist. I could tell that he had made them from an old horse
harness. Once they were attached, he removed the ropes and placed a horse
bit harness over my head. The bit had been widened and padded so part of
it stuck out and filled my mouth when he tightened it. Tying a rope to
the wrist cuffs he lifted me off the floor, my arms quickly started to
hurt, but within a minute he tied ropes to the waist strap and I was firmly
supported from there as well which almost removed the pain from my arms.*

*I grew wetter and wetter by my helplessness. I never imagined in
my life that one could be so aroused. Finally, he tied my ankles again
and I was totally helpless and suspended from the roof of the cave. Over
the next four years, I found myself in this position at least once each
weekend and several times each week during vacations.*

*He then turned his attention to Loretta. Ordering her to strip she
did as quickly as all she was wearing just a shirt and skirt. Once naked
he tied her wrists with leather straps behind her back. Spreading her ankles,
he used an old wagon single tree to tie her ankles this wan. Finally, he
gagged her the same way and using a rope pulled her arms high up behind
her to one of the ceiling beans. Thus, she was bent over and totally exposed.
I just grew hotter seeing her ass so open to be used.  James went
to one side and stripped. He returned with a huge cock. My eyes almost
bugged out thinking about him ripping me open with it and the thought brought
me to a climax. After that as I watch I experienced so many small and large
climaxes as I experienced my first true captivity. Of course, this was
partly induced watching a helpless Loretta being soundly fucked in the
ass by James beautiful cock.*

*I watched in stunted arousal as he slowly started to use her ass.
Slowly slipping it in a little more and a little more. Finally, it was
all the way in. Loretta just made moans and other sounds of pleasure and
pain through her gag. At one point during his slow entry, she attempted
to resist. He quickly used his hands to spanking her loudly and very hard
on the sides of her ass. Loretta resigned herself quickly to her being
a slave and ass fucked after that.*

*It dawned on my just how worldly James was as compared to us and
most likely most of the kids in our high school. No one thought of him
as bright and he kept much to himself. Later, maybe we had something to
do with it; he joined the debating team and led our school to a national
championship.*

*With a huge moan and a large blast of cum James came in Loretta’s
ass. As he pulled out his cum started to leak out her ass and drip to the
floor. He quickly put a towel down. After that, he released us both, except
our wrists being bound behind our backs. We were still naked but we could
have run out into the woods. Then he sat us down on a bench and asked us
to talk to him about the future.*

*We both started to talk at once and then laughed. Loretta stated
that since I was tied up first I should go first. I spoke openly about
my fantasies of being held captive, used sexually, whipped as captives
would be, bound for long periods of time, placed in positions were I could
be exposed to others while tied and naked, and I needed some of these things
quite often as I did some of them to myself at least twice a week.*

*Loretta just laughed and said that she was the same. Then we laughed
at each other as we had been friends for about three years and never knew
or discussed this part of our lives with each other.*

*I asked James how long we could play today. After asking a few questions
about excuses etc he told us until about 8 pm when it starts to get dark.
Then he asked if there was anything special, we wanted to do this first
day. I told him that I wanted to be ass fucked like Loretta before the
day was over. Loretta stated that she wanted to be helpless and exposed.*

*James took Loretta just outside the cave and before we knew, what
was up she was suspend about 30 feet up a dead tree that had a large pulley
attached to the top. Of course, she was supported by wrists and her waist
with her ankles tied and gagged.*
*Once he finished with her he tight me as he had done Loretta. I
was confused, how could he be ready to ass fuck me so soon! I was to learn
later that boys of 14 – 17 can cum and get another hard on within 15 minutes
or a little longer.*

*I felt his cock touch my ass hole and I just grew hotter from the
thought of being helpless and ass fucked. I could feel each little part
of each inch as his cock slowly worked its way into me. It seemed to fill
me completely and I thought it would tear me open further once he started
to pump. Once he started to pump, I totally forgot about any tearing and
verbally beg him to destroy my ass with his cock. I wasn’t gagged like
Loretta so I could verbally what I felt. Latter I found myself at the top
of the pole for over an hour while James whipped Loretta. I could hear
her crying at each blow but begging for more. The silence for a period
followed by very loud moans from Loretta and finally a groan from James
as he most likely came in her mouth or ass.*

*Then I was lowered and led into the cave. Loretta was tied hand and
foot lying on the floor and fully gagged. The area around her thighs was
shiny with her own juices and she was quite quiet. James lifted me to a
table tied my hands over my head to a ring and then tied my ankles on either
side of the table to additional rings. At first, I was frightened that
he was going to fuck me in the pussy which could be me pregnant. Putting
a blindfold on me, I felt his fingers and hands move up the insides of
my legs. Slowly they approached and I loudly moan as one finger touch that
part of me that I use to climax. Suddenly his tongue was touching it and
sucking at it. The waves of arousal that washed over me were mind blowing.
I wanted him to stop as I was climbing higher than I had ever done by myself
before with my hand and play. I soon almost became too much to bear and
then my whole body shook and shook in convulsions of orgasms that seem
to just keep getting stronger and stronger. I grew dizzy from the assault
and cried through the gag for relief but none came what seem like hours.
Finally, I was so dizzy that I could no longer function to deny his assault.
At that point, he stopped and I slipped in a semi sleep state. I awoke
facing Loretta on the floor. Both of us tied and alone. James had left.
Looking around we saw our clothes hanging on the wall with a note. The
note had large handwriting. If you haven’t escaped and returned home by
10, I’ll come get you. Otherwise make whatever excuse you can and I will
see you here again Wednesday after school as we only have a half-day schedule.
Arrive naked with your clothes over your arm and the leather cuffs and
locks I’ve left with your cloths. Warning no keys for the locks, I have
them so don’t play with them at home. Lock your wrists together after putting
on the cuffs. There is a knife on the floor across from you. You should
be able to reach it and cut your ropes in 30 minutes or less.*

*Leaving us both in the woods, tied, gagged, naked and helpless just
aroused us both again and after we had escaped. I asked Loretta what had
happened to her and she told me. I told her the same happened to me. Then
it struck me that if James could do that to us why couldn’t we do it to
each other? First, I tied Loretta and sucked on her sex until she shuddered
with a huge climax. Then she tied me and started to do the same. I asked
her to whip my stomach first but not to hard. Searching around she found
a riding crop and hit me solidly on the stomach. God the pain shot through
my body and returned to my sex immediately. Do it again, I asked. This
continued for a dozen strokes and then Loretta sucked on my sex. Again
I enjoyed a huge climax but wisely she released me rather than continue
like James did or we would never get home.*

*Over the four years, James taught us dozens of self-bondage positions
and situations that we could use to wait for him to arrive at the cave.
Strangely enough they involved the use of knife, combination padlocks (night
bondage), frozen padlock keys, frozen knifes and string and a few other
devices. All these things are now in magazines and articles on the subject
decades later. The leather cuffs, harnesses, gags, straps, and other bondage
items that you can buy today he made from old barn harnesses.*

*One final note James, you taught me more about life than anyone in
my life. It was your knowledge and willingness to experiment that made
my life a success. I still remember the “slave’s day” when you would allow
us to turn the tables so we could experience being on the other side. These
days were especially precise as they were few and sometimes far between.
However, most of all I remember the final day and night before you went
off to war. We all gather at the cave in sadness until you announced that
today until 9 am the following morning was to be a slave’s day. What a
parting gift you gave us.*

When I received Lee’s letter, descriptions of how we met and started
our play along with Loretta it brought back so many wonderful memories
of those years that I wish I, and they could return to that time and never
leave. Endless youth and endless fun.

Lee became a much heavier player that Loretta, in my opinion, she liked
to be bound helpless and whipped or flogged almost to the point of blood.
However, of course we could only do that when she had at least two weeks
to hide her marks and let them heal. Loretta on the other hand like medium
whipping, heavy on the display side and prolonged bondage. The tighter
and longer the bondage the better. I once took them to an old grain tower
near Wilton junction and suspended her naked tied to the chain that ran
to the top. Once up there she was about 150 feet in the air. Both Lee and
I told her goodnight and left. The next morning we returned to find a very
tired, wet, and cold Loretta. The wetness for climaxes. Another time we
drove to Iowa City and tied her up in the back seat of the car. Once completed
we stopped by a tree (it was about 9 PM and dumped her out. Then we drove
to the end of the block and she had to run or walk the entire block totally
naked with her wrists tied. The block was one in the area where the University
of Iowa students lived. Two boys spotted her just as she enters the car.
She barely made it from weak knees.

Our play continued through high school and the summer following. That
is until July when I got my draft notice. I returned home 3 and half years
later and looked for Lee and Loretta. Both had moved and no one knew where
they had gone as they had transferred from the University of Iowa. It wasn’t
until Lee’s letter that I learned that she had tried and tried to reach
me and had learned at one point that I was some times in New York playing
with Bettie Page and June King and she felt like I won’t be interested
in seeing her again. How wrong she was then and still is wrong. Therefore,
I invited her and her husband to come to Los Angeles and visit The Chateau.

Lee is a Grandmother now and about to be a Great Grandmother. However,
she and her husband still play. Bondage games of Mastery and slavery are
not just for the young. Of course, the old cock doesn’t come up quite as
fast and often but when it does “LOOK OUT”. She still plays the self-bondage
games while her husband is playing golf or shopping now that there are
no children in the home and they still play outdoors when they go to their
cabin in Northern Wisconsin each summer. It was sad to hear from her that
Loretta died at a young age, never married, and alone at her cabin where
she went to write. She was an excellent write of fantasy books about women.
I didn’t know that because she didn’t use her real name.

As for me, I traveled the world for almost 25 years in the service and
government work. Finding girls to play with in almost every country of
the world. Then I settled down in Los Angeles, opened the Chateau and found
my own “Lee”. That was in 1976, we are still here, and the Chateau still
is open to all who fantasize as we did and do with the exception of providing
sexual contact.

Why have I chosen to share my thoughts and part of Lee’s letter with
you? Because it is as fresh today as it was then. Just yesterday, a young
couple called and wanted to come rent a room. When they arrived, she was
a stunning redhead much like Lee. They wanted to play a game where she
puts herself in bondage and he comes home to discover her secret. Their
problem being the self-bondage that she could not get out of. Thus the
old warhorse had to show them how to arrange the ropes, noose for the wrist
rope and the pull rope to tighten the hogtie. The escape knife had to be
across the room. It was OK that I stayed and watched to ensure that she
got it right. What a great body, tits to die for, small waist and everything
else just perfect. She did it almost right just a single help with the
wrist rope while she watched in the mirror and then I stayed while she
tried to escape. Not possible. Then I left and he entered to play.

This morning I got a phone call from her telling me how hot she got
when I watched her totally naked and finally helplessly bound.  A
person other than her husband, and it made her hotter than usual. In addition,
that she had gone to the store and purchased the rings and straps needed
to ensure that the only way out the self-bondage was by cutting the rope.
She was going to rig the ropes and strap after she hung up. Then she
was going to undress and move her items under the window next to the back
yard. The yard man shows up at 2PM and she was going to tie herself up
at 1 PM, leave the knife across the room so he could see her through the
window if it took her longer to get loose than one hour. Finally, just
before doing the bondage she was going to call her husband. His drive time
from work to home is about one hour.

He called me as well and I told him that his wife had called as well
but nothing about what she planned on doing. He stated that her telling
him how hot she got from my seeing her and how extra hot she got when you
drove home with her hands tied and her blouse open with no bra it would
not surprise him if she planned to expose herself to the yard man potentially.
All he said was he was going to warn him to not pay any attention to anything
in the house. Then he says that he might just fuck her on the table with
the yardman going back and forth outside.

**Memory Lane Part 2 (or Woods) By Lee and James**

Some of this story is as told to James by Lee many years ago. Some is
what happened during that time and more is the history since they left
high school.  Lee’s words are in Italics

Behind my house was a fair sized wood which covered about 3 acres wide
and about 20 acres long. In the center was a deeper area that ran from
the two roads at either end. Lee lived at the East end of this woods and
I lived about ¾ of the way west of her. I used the woods to dig
a private cave into one bank. From inside my cave I day dreamed and fantasied
about captive females serving my every wish while bound.

This came true with Lee and Loretta becoming my bondage slaves. We played
at least once a week during the spring and fall. Winter prevented much
play as it would be to cold until I built a wall and enclosed the cave
and put in an old fashioned pot belly stove to warm the cave.

Our play progressed to the point where I would hold them captive for
days and on several occasions when families were on vacation, weeks. During
these times they were never totally out of bondage and always naked. Both
Lee and Loretta expanded their personal desires, likes and abilities during
these years. Lee became a heavier submissive in the whipping area and Loretta
became more a bolder in desire for public exposure. Finally Lee asked me
in the spring of our junior year to only use rope on her no matter what
I was doing. I told her “OK” and immediately suspended her from a beam
in the cave. She hung in this manner for over an hour before she made any
sound. Thus I knew that she was not a full slave. As for Loretta she proved
both her bondage desires and exposure fantasies just a few weeks later.

Lee and I were playing on a Sunday while doing some crop dusting at
one of my Uncle’s farms. Since I used the back seat of the Stinson bi-plane
I placed Lee in the front seat tied down low so her head did not show.
Of course she was naked and helpless. Several times during the three hours
of dusting I rolled the plane so she could see the ground in her helpless
bound position. I knew this would get her hot. Finally I lay her down in
the space between the front and back seats and while doing the final dusting
had her wonderful mouth filled with my cock. Talk about off the ground
fun.

Once we returned to earth I left her in the plane until after dark and
then moved her to the car for the trip to the cave. Once we arrived at
my cave there was a note from Loretta. It stated that she had missed us
and was going to a cabin her parents had purchased for her. We didn’t know
it at the time but it was the cabin where she wrote books and later died
from a heart problem no one knew about.

The note gave directs to the cabin which was in Northern Wisconsin and
about a 5 hour trip from where we were. She informed us that she had previously
visited the cabin and had constructed a self bondage spread eagle device
behind the cabin. Once she arrived she intended to place herself in the
device and await discovery whether or not it was I or Lee or some other
person who might rape her.

Since it was night I knew that it would be cold and she most likely
had already been tied for at least 5 hours since she stated that she left
at 7 AM. Lee and I elected to fly, even at night, rather than drive. Hopefully
being able to follow her map by flying low enough to see the highway and
roads.

I again secured Lee in the front seat, only with cloths and a blanket
this time. Telling my Uncle I was going to visit a sick friend and it was
an emergency we took off and with some difficulty followed her map. Needless
to say we made the trip without killing ourselves as this is being written.

We landed in an open pasture about a mile from the cabin and hoped we
didn’t hit a ditch or cow, neither happened. Then we walked to Loretta’s
cabin. Lee having a harder time with her wrists and elbows tied.

We arrived to find a very cold but horny Loretta hanging by her wrists
only, no supporting belt. Once we took her down she screams from the pain
in her arms and could not lift them for hours. In the morning I told her
how much of a fool she had been and that our play was within limits and
controlled. This was not controlled and outside normal limits. She agreed
but stated that she had to do it once in a while in order to keep the play
fresh and to make her hot. It seemed that she and Lee had grown in their
desires at about the same pace.

It was then that she produced the gift from the Gods, condoms. Where
did she get them? We weren’t old enough to buy them? She just laughed and
told us she now had a place where she could get them any time.  That
day, evening, night and the next morning before we left to return and she
drove back was spend with both of them in bondage, whipped, spanked, paddled,
suspended, crying in pain in the wilderness where no on could heard them
and then being soundly fucked for the first time in their young lives.
Both lost their virginity that night.

*James sent me the foregoing to refresh my memories. I had forgotten
the special plane ride where I was cold, naked, bound and finally tied
to his cock so I had to keep it in my mouth like a gag.*

*But the part where I and Loretta lost our virginity will never be
erased from my mind. It was such an experience to be helplessly tied in
strange woods and left, then whipped and finally fucked in what is called
today “the pussy” by James. While he was fucking the helpless Loretta with
her arms not even tied as she could not move them it was almost like a
“rape”. I was so hot that even in my bound state managed to position myself
over her face and forced her to suck my pussy while James fucked her. People
say that girls never forget the first time and that person is their first
true love and will remain one of their loves forever, it is all true.*

*I remember that after we cleaned up the mess created when we lost
our virginity James tied us to a beam in the center of the room and then
whipped both of us. Then he gagged us, tied and ankles and went to sleep
on the couch. Each time we visited the cabin over the next two years of
school this is how we spend each night. He said that he was doing this
because of our increased desire for bondage and pain. Today we would be
called pain sluts.*

*When we returned home and continued our play in the cave and woods
we expanded our area of play to include another wooded area about 5 miles
out of town. This was done so we could be suspended with nothing but rope
and soundly whipped. I remember having to hide whip marks from my mother
on several occasions. He would tie Loretta in a tree facing the highway
but up in the limbs so someone would have to look at just the right time
and angle to see her suspended in the tree and naked. As for me I was tied
the same way in another tree some distance away so I could see Loretta
and James taking a nap on a blanket between us. If anyone came around James
could not have reached us in time to prevent being seen as he was about
2 blocks away on the top of a small rise.*

*Seeing him so positioned only got both of us hotter. After a few
hours of rope suspension, exposure and pain we would return to the cave
bound in the back seat of his car where he would torture us more and then
use us sexually in one manner or another. Some times at night he would
tie us naked in the “rumble seat” of his old Chevrolet. Basically what
this is for those of you who don’t know what this is, it is the trunk of
the car opening from the top to form a seat. Then he would drive us around
country roads and finding a good place tied us to the back of electrical
poles and painted our arms and hands with gray clay so they didn’t show
as well. Thus cars could pass by us less than 20 feet and not see us at
all, but what a turn on!*

*Finally during our senior year James would suspend us with rope over
night at least once a week just to increase the level of pain being given
to us.  All this did was make us a little dizzy by morning and horny
beyond measure. Usually he would turn Loretta upside down so we could give
each other head to relieve some of this horniness. Then he would use us
sexually before turning us loose to return home.*

*I am, to this day, surprised that our parents never questioned us
about our overnight activities at each others homes.*

Pleasant Dreams
