---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dolly
authors:
- Querthe
tags:
- F/f
- dollsuit
- stuck
- latex
- toys
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter 1**

Joan opened the front door of her house and sighed, grabbed again the two bags and walked over the entrance, closing the door behind her. She placed the portable computer bag on the table in the living room and the other in the closet, then she went to the bathroom for a quick shower. She changed into one of her jumpsuits that she loved and brushed her long straight black hair into a ponytail she fixed it with a big silk red bow behind her head.

“All’s ready for the big event. Only the special guest is missing, and she will have a really great surprise…” she smiled as she looked at herself in the mirror, and the pretty woman in her late twenties, with big brown eyes and a pair of glasses smiled back to her. She knew she was not a model like her sister, but she had the luck to find a wonderful husband and have a sweet daughter, that the next day would be three years old. “And I promised her a special present…”

She had just walked into the kitchen and had gulped a glass of fresh water when someone knocked at the door.

“Hi. I was waiting you. How was the trip?” she greeted her sister Jean, a year younger than her.

“Not so bad, but a lot of men stared at me? Maybe I have something wrong?”

The blonde woman, with curly long hair was dressed in a pale blue lycra minidress that was hiding nothing to the imagination, neither the fact she was not wearing underwear, nor her ample bust and with her five inches high heeled leather sandals in the same dress color, she was tall quite 6.3’.

“Well…” she started. “No.” she said laughing closing the door. Her sister was carrying only a small luggage case.

“So tomorrow my niece will be three years old. It’s sweet that you invited me to your home for the birthday. Is Mark home? And Lauren?”

“No. She is still at my mother-in-law’s house. Mark is away on a work trip, and he will only come back next Sunday…”

“Another whole week alone… My, my, I wanted to stay with you after the party. My mannequin work will only restart at the end of the month.”

“It’s good of you to stay, but are you sure that you will not be missed?”

Jean shook her head.

“No, no. To be sure to have all the time for my niece, I didn’t say to anyone where I was…”

“Good! Thank you, my little sister! I’m sure my little star will be delighted to have her favourite auntie all for her!” she said.

“Favourite because I’m also the only one, eh? Have you already prepared for the party tomorrow?”

“No, Jean. It will be a simple birthday party between you, me and Lauren. Maybe next year, when she will be a little older and with some more friends…”

“I hope she will not be completely as you for the personality. You were the perfect scholar, always over the books, always the best votes, but no friends and no social life. I don’t understand how you found Mark…” she laughed. “But after your marriage, you have continued your work as R&D chief at that industry for the family. How was the name of the company…”

“Polymechatron…”

“Yes, that thing…”

“But enough about us. You are an essential part of my birthday party.”

“You continued to say it, and I agreed to do anything I can for Lauren. But now, can you say something more? I’m really curious…”

“I will explain you all, but before, a coffee. You continue to drink it with milk and sugar?”

“Yes, please…”

The blonde sipped the strong coffee and held the mug in her hands.

“So?”

“Well. You know that Lauren has a sort of mania with dolls…”

“Yeah. Something she inherited from me…”

“Anyway, I want to give her a doll that no one on this Earth has. You!”

“Sorry? Joan, I don’t think I understand…”

“You know I’m the chief of a strange dept, where we study and develop unusual things?”

She nodded, sipping again the coffee.

“I had the help of some of my co-workers and friends, and we used a new polymer material that is light as silk but, if under a small amount of electricity, it becomes strong as titanium. With this material we built a sort of armor, a costume if you want call it, and I’m asking you to wear it to became a doll for Lauren…”

Jean almost choked with the last sip of coffee understanding what her sister said.

“Me? A doll?”

“I know, it’s strange…”

“Well, not so strange, if I consider from who arrive the request. Will I be exactly like a doll?” she asked, a strange light in her eyes.

“More or less. You will be able to talk and move, if I want…”

“What you mean if you want?”

“Well, the costume will be soft to permit you to be enclosed in it, but then I will use the battery pack included in the dress to give you a doll-like appearance and movements. Only at your limbs and head will be able to move like a real doll. The same for your mouth. If I put electricity on your mask, you will be gagged. Dolls don’t talk.”

“Quite frightening, but I think I can trust you…”

“Sure? After I’ve dressed you up and Lauren get’s home, you will be inside it for a whole day…”

“Let’s do it. Is it a long process?”

“No, no, only the first parts. If you are ready, please follow me in the living room. There is more space.”

Jean looked with curiosity as her sister opened the bag she took out of the closet and extracting a sort of shiny skin toned high necked sleeveless leotard, two long gloves, two stockings with feet and a mask in the same material.

“Is that the costume?”

She nodded.

“Can I touch it?” Joan gave her a stocking. The material was supple but quite thick, more or less a tenth of inch, and seemed covered on the inside by copper wires embedded on the surface. “What are they for, the wires?”

“They will transport the small amount of electricity on the costume to restrain you. Don’t worry, it works with an amount so small that a normal mobile phone battery can last for a month at minimum…”

“What I have to do?”

“To start with you undress completely.”

“Completely?”

“Shy? In front of your older sister?”

Grunting and blushing a little the blonde did as requested and stood naked, her white skin perfectly matching the color of the costume. Following Joan’s indications she took the first stocking and tried to put her leg in it, but with no luck.

“Silly me! You can’t put it on without talcum powder… Just a second.”

She ran in the bathroom and grabbed a small blue can and returned, but she tripped on the carpet and landed heavily on the floor.

“Joan!”

“No… not a problem, just a little shook up…” she smiled rousing herself. “Where is the talcum? Ah, here we are…” she said, recovering the blue can that was laying near the bag of the costume and giving it to Jean.

She used it abundantly on her skin before trying again with the stocking, that this time moulded herself to the leg like a second skin, reshaping it in a slender and sexier way. Quickly she did the same with the other stocking, observing that also if her toes were divided by an internal mould, they couldn’t be divided as they were in a tight sock.

“How is it?”

“Not too bad… It’s a little hot here, and I’m already sweating…”

“No problem. When the suit will be activated, the integrated new generation Peltier cells will drain all the heat outside, and you will be fresh as a rose…”

“If you say so…”

Using more talcum, she sealed her arms inside the long gloves, that arrived just at the armpit.

“But I can’t separate the fingers if not the thumb…”

“Have you seen a doll that can do it?”

“No, but…”

“Let me finish. In half an hour Lauren will be home, and we need still to dress you with the best part…”

The mask followed. It was built with special lenses over the eyes, done in a biocompatible transparent plastic, and an anatomical mould of a woman’s mouth, complete with a pocket for the tongue and a hard surface to cover the teeth.

“I have to wear this?”

“Come on… just close your eyes and don’t open them until I say so…”

“You owe me big time, mad scientist!” she said, putting talcum all over the inside of the mask and pushing it over her face.

“Comfy?” asked Joan, tightening the laces done in the same material of the costume to be less visible and plastering the mask over Jean head.

“Nghhot shhho baaddh.. whiiill I alwwwayysh shhpeakhh thhissh waay?” she asked.

“No, no, only because you have not put the molding in properly …” laughed her, turning and pushing hard the plastic inside her mouth, feeling her tongue arriving in the seat and moving the false teeth over the true ones. “Try again.”

“Now it’s quite better. You know, this talcum that arrived also in my mouth taste really bad, as a chemical compound…”

“Suck it and swallow. And think it’s for a good reason. You can breathe okay?”

“Yes. But I didn’t see any holes in the mask.”

“In the nose area I used oxygen permeable plastic, so no holes and safe at the same time. Now open your eyes completely… This way… more, more... ok!”

The sky blue eyes of her sister were looking at her behind the plastic.

“Joan, I can’t close my eyes…”

“I know. Inside the mask there is a special device that’s linked to your eyelids blocking them in an open position, but no fear. The lenses over your eyes will maintain the right wetness and protect them. You have really wonderful eyes…”

“Thank you, but you can tell me if you have other strange surprises in mind for me?”

“Well, there are still two… three to be exact.”

“So…”

“Look at your leotard, the last part of your costume before I put the wig on your head and activate it.”

“Oh my… you are naughty, you know? Do they work?” asked the masked woman, the lips of the mask half opened to show the teeth but held immobile if she was speaking, her real mouth stretched in the classical doll smile. She was staring at two long plugs that were designed obviously for her crotch.

“When the suit is activated, yes, and I can regulate the intensity, as I can put on or off your breast stimulator. I will be happy for Lauren, she will be happy because of you, so why shouldn’t you be happy too?”

Both laughed, and Jean closed her body under the leotard, that was built with a lace in the back then covered with a plastic flap to hidden it. The garment had a integrated corset that crushed the blonde to a wonderful 16” waist, leaving her breathless for a while, until she understood how to breathe in short, gulping breaths. The wig of shiny, artificial blonde straight hair was glued with cosmetic glue to the helmet, and Joan helped her sister into a pink vinyl minidress with long sleeves with matching high heeled shoes.

“I’m really a doll now…” she gasped looking herself in the mirror. “I’m not sure of the heels. Are they too high?”

“When the costume will be activated, your feet will be restrained in a ballet position, so the only acceptable shoes will be this type.” Joan explained. “Ready?” she asked, grabbing a sort of remote with two selectors and three buttons

“Yes… Transform me into a doll…”

The black haired woman pressed the bigger button, then the other two, rotating the selectors all on the left side. Jean, that was seated on the sofa immediately saw her legs straightening, her already rigid torso becoming hard as rock and her arms bending slightly at the elbows, her wrist and hands immobile. Also her mouth was frozen, and when she tried to speak, nothing arrived outside, if not a faint mumble that only she could hear.

“The fact you are not talking and moving is telling me my costume is working…” she smiled, touching the rigid surface of the sister, that was following her rigidly moving her head. “Try to bend your legs or arms.”

The doll shook her head.

“As you can see, if you try to bend the legs at the hips they will move only in this way, so if you are seated, you need to have your legs opened. The same for your arms, that can go only up and down, with no movements for your hands, held in this straight position. Now, try to lift up.”

With some effort and some help, she managed to pull herself up and do some stiff legged walk, until she gained some more confidence.

“Wonderful you are really a perfect doll. You think that if we hide you in the closet, you can bear some waiting until Lauren arrives? I want you will be a real surprise.”

Jean moved to the closet, tried to grab it by her hands, but with no luck, so her sister opened and closed the door for her.

“I will open it when she arrives, and we will be in the kitchen…” she said, then she cleaned up the living room and prepared some lunch for them, sure Lauren would be there in shortly.

In fact, after five minutes, Lauren’s voice was heard outside the door, and Joan opened it to catch her love and lift her up for a kiss. She greeted her mother-in-law that was already returning to her car and she closed the door.

“Did you enjoyed the day?” asked her mother, opening the closet door just a little and moving with her daughter on to the kitchen.

“Yes, yes… And grandma gave me with this.”

She showed the latest model of plastic doll, one dressed as a princess, with long brown hair and a blue Victorian dress.

“Pretty! Tomorrow you will be three years old, and I think that I could also give you with something…”

“Can I have now?”

“You don’t want to wait until tomorrow?”

“No, no, no!” she shook her head, blonde as her father but with the mother’s eyes and features.

“Ooookay. Dolly, can you come out?” she shouted in the air, and immediately Jean moved in her strange and slow way in the kitchen.

“A real doll!” gasped the girl. “It’s for me!”

“Yes, but I had the luck to have it only for a day, then she will have to return in her fantasy world. But from now to tomorrow sunset she is all for you.”

“Only for a day… But will she return?”

“Maybe… Now eat and then you will play with your new dollies!”

**Chapter 2**

Next day all went perfectly, with Lauren playing all the day with her masked aunt and Jean enjoying the plugs in her body that were leaving her quite breathless every now and then. She started to feel a little hungry and thirsty, but she was sure that a little effort would bring more joy to her beloved niece, and so she resisted until the baby felt asleep in the late evening.

“She will sleep until tomorrow.” Smiled her mother, putting her in her little bed. “ she was never so happy. Thank you, thank you my dear…” she said, hugging the plastic covered female that did her best to hug her, but with no luck.

“I have to say that I’m starting to enjoy this situation, but really I need to eat and drink, and also to go the bathroom…” she sighed, moving with her sister to the living room, where she deactivated the suit.

“Jean, you can relax if you want. I’ve shut off the costume.”

The doll moved her arms and head to show she was as rigid as before. Joan clicked again and again, but in some way the costume was not acting normally.

“Mmmmmm…” Jean said, shouting as never before.

“Give me a moment… I need to think…” she said, starting to walk around the room lost in her thoughts. Suddenly she noted a strange blue can under the sofa, and a fear arrived in her brain, so incredible that she refused it, but anyway she grabbed the plastic can, opened it and sniffed the white powder inside. “Talcum… But I put it away yesterday… Oh my!” she ran to the bathroom, returning some second after, her eyes filled with tears.

“Jean…” she started, then she landed heavily on a chair, her head in her hands. “Jean, you are in a big, big trouble…”

“Mmmghh?”

“This is not talcum. The powder you used yesterday was an experimental glue activated by water…”

“Mmmmght?!”

“You are stuck in your costume, and in some way the glue blocked the circuits of your costume, so I can’t shut it off. And If I can’t shut it off, you can’t be helped…”

Joan did a quick phone call, then she returned to Jean, that was still naked in front of her, her shiny full breasts highlighted by the small waist and the sexless crotch. She couldn’t cry, but she wanted to.

“I need to hide you in the closet. I've called my mother-in-law and I said to her that I have an emergency at the laboratory I need to leave Lauren with her for a while. She will be here in a couple of minutes. I’ve got to wake up Lauren and get some clothes for her. It’s not the first time, they will understand… I will free you, I swear it!” she hugged the hard plastic torso and sniffed.

With her rigid right hand Joan moved the hairs that were stuck over her sister face and caressed her.

“You believe in me?”

She caressed her again.

“Thanks…” she sniffed, moving on the baby’s bedroom.

When the car disappeared down the road, Joan immediately freed her sister from the closet and helped her to dress in something.

“I know that is not the latest model, but…” she tried to joke, finishing to close the buttons of a white long T-shirt. Jean was wearing also a pair of jeans and the strange pink shoes, the only pair that could accept her arched feet.

“We need to take you to my car, but it’s outside along the road. It’s only a small walk, but there is the possibility that someone could see us. Are you ready?”

“Mmmm!” she mumbled, the signal for an affirmative answer.

They walked as quick as the rigid legs of Jean permitted, and after a time that for both seemed an eternity they arrived at the car, luckily with no one to see them. Joan pushed her sister on the back seat, laying her down and covered her with a patchwork rug. She drove up the laboratory, parked in the underground parking and helped her sister out.

“Now we have to walk for a while. Do you think you can do it? I know you are really hungry and thirsty, but in my laboratories, we can do something, I think. I already phoned while we were in the car to my co-workers.”

“Mmmghh.”

They moved along doors and corridors, and Jean had some strange glances when they crossed some scientist or worker inside the building, but no one asked anything.

“They are used to strange things. Maybe in the future I will tell you something, but now, before all, we have to find a way to get you out…”

When she used her ID card to open an alarmed door, her sister, also if her hearing was in some way blocked by the plastic that was glued to her skin, listened as various voices immediately stopped when they entered.

“Joan… This is really Jean?” asked a blonde in her thirties.

“Yes, and she is really stuck in this costume, that was broken by the experimental glue…”

“How?”

“It’s the same can as the talcum powder, and we used it instead of that!”

“Oh my… we were sure that the new glue was working, but…”

“Is there a way to release her?”

“We are still working on a solvent, and I think we will need some time. But there is a good news. The glue will loose it’s power in less than two months…”

“Mmmghhtt!”

“Jean, please, we will find something before. For now, she needs water and food. Any ideas? I really can’t think, I’m too nervous.”

“Well.” Said an older man. “If I remember well, this Polymetal in its rigid state can be broken only with high heat or lasers, and in both cases your sister will suffer a lot. So we have to discard these solutions… The only possible way to enter the suit are the eyes lens, because I see that she has no nostril holes…”

“The nostrils!” shouted Jean. “They are not done in Polymetal… I have the way to feed you, also if it will not be funny for you…”

She gave orders to all the persons in the room, and they moved to execute them. Meanwhile Joan, using a sharp lancet, cut all around the sister nostrils to show them.

“Now I will insert in you two cannulas. They will give you free air flow and a way for nutrient and so on to feed you until we will not find a way to free you. You understand?”

“Mmmmghh.”

“Ok. With the food I will put also some chemical that will stop the need to go to the bathroom, and with an exact dosage, you will be feed and no waste produced. We did already a lot of studies for the aerospace industry, so this time, no problem…”

After a couple of hours the cannulas were fixed with some surgical glue to her nostrils and she was fed. Jean sighed in relief.

“Mmmmghtt… mmmghttt, ppphhhhhmmm.” She tried to say something pointing a chair, but no one understood what she was saying.

“Just a second.” Said the blonde, grabbing a flat black device, as big as a credit card and engraved with bronze and green lines like a printed circuit. She positioned it over the rigid neck of the doll and covered it with a little piece of surgical white tape. “Try again.”

“CAN I SIT IN SOME WAY? I’M TIRED… WHAT? IT’S MY VOICE?”

“A vibrations transducer, it’s better than some moaning. It doesn’t need energy, using the ones arriving from the vibrations.” The scientist explained, smiling. “I think you can use one of examination tables in the other department…”

“I will lead you.”  A man offered, opening the door.

“THANK YOU.” She said, moving in her stiff way and disappearing into the corridor.

“Now, is there some hope for my sister or we have to wait a whole month?”

“I checked the formula and what could happen with the power cells installed while you finished installing the feeding system. There is no hope, and it seems that as the dried glue it reduced the resistance of the wires. The cells will last for at least two months. Only then the glue will be absorbed by the skin will she be able to exit her costume. The good news are that the glue sterilized her and will impede the production of sweat, so she will not suffer any diseases or other problems during the long enclosure. The little amount of electricity will also stimulate slightly her muscles, impeding they will disappear for the long immobility.”

“Some bad news and some good. Well, I don’t know if I have to be happy or not…”

“You will let her know?”

“Yes, I have to… She will discover it anyway, so better if she knows it from me.” sadly smiled Joan, leaving the room and walking on to the surgical department, where she found Jean sleeping quietly over a white table, her eyes covered by a black sleeping mask, the young man that guided her discarding an empty vial in the garbage tin.

“She needed really to sleep, so I gave her a light sleep inducer. She will stay in these conditions for a couple of hours. Any news?”

She shook her head.

“No, she is trapped in her costume for two months…”

“Not a good thing. What do you think she will do?”

“Nothing much. The only problem is that she is a model, and so she is needed for catwalks and so on. How she will be able to explain it?”

“I really don’t know, but I have to say I know her, and in this costume she is really sexy, if I must say. She seems really a life-like doll. Maybe she could work for a while in some theme park…” he joked sadly, trying to grab a little smile from her friend.

“Yeah, maybe… For now, do you think we can hide her transducer with some flesh toned tape? Now it seems like a cyborg part…”

“We can use some of the breathable plastic we used for the nostril zone and glue it over the costume, so it will be invisible and fully operating.”

“Good idea.”

They just finished some minutes before Jean woke up.

“I SEE I’M STILL TRAPPED IN THE SUIT, BUT AT LEAST I CAN TALK. ANY NEWS?”

Joan sighed.

“The only good one is that you can be fed in this way for as long as you like. The bad news are that you are trapped in the costume for two months…”

“TWO MONTHS? ARE YOU JOKING?” she shouted, lifting up and trying to descend the table, with no luck. The man helped her. “JOAN, TELL ME. REALLY I HAVE TO STAY TWO MONTHS IN THIS PLASTIC COSTUME, TRAPPED IN A DOLL BODY WITH NO POSSIBILITY TO MOVE ME IF NOT AS A BROKEN ROBOT?”

“Yes.”

“AT LEAST YOU ARE SINCERE. WHAT DO YOU THINK I CAN DO?” she asked. “I HAVE A JOB TO PERFORM, AND I CAN’T CANCEL OR DELAY IT…”

“I really don’t know…”

**Chapter 3**

When the alarm clock buzzed, Joan opened her eyes and rubbed them. “Another day. I hope this will one will be the lucky one…” she smiled sadly. “As I’ve hoped for the last six days before this, but nothing has been found to help my sister…”

The black haired woman moved on the corridor and knocked the on the near door.

“YES? ALREADY BREAKFAST TIME?”

“Yes… Do you need some help?”

“NO, THANK YOU. I’M QUITE ACCUSTOMED NOW.”  Answered Jean, her voice a little artificial.

The woman heard some noise and a shuffle of feet on the floor, then the door opened, revealing the costumed girl inside the bedroom. The sun arriving from outside was playing over the shiny curves of Jean, her arched feet wearing pink seven inches high heels slippers, her body covered by a satin pink nightgown.

“GOOD MORNING.”

“Good morning to you. Today your suit will arrive, I think in the early afternoon. Jack will lead it to you and he will help you in it.”

“SO I WILL NOT BE COVERED IN ONE LAYER, I WILL BE COVERED IN TWO… I DON’T KNOW IF TO BE HAPPY OR CRY…”

“Well, at least you will be able to walk outside without turning all the heads and stopping the traffic…” replied Joan starting to descend the stairs, followed by her sister, accustomed to walk in a stiff legged way, her bended arms sliding over the handrail.

“YES. AND SO I WILL WALK OUTSIDE, AND NOT JUST IN YOUR GARDEN. I’M STARTING TO BE BORED OF YOUR FLOWERS…”

Both decided to drink a cup of coffee, but if the dark haired woman sipped it hot and in the normal way, the other grabbed the cold drink with both her rigid hands and she moved the cup on a special device created to permit her to feed herself without help. The electronic equipment moved the metal straw inside the cup, while the other end moved to the right nostril, connected to her stomach using a special cannula. A soft noise indicated that the connection was established, and a small pump lifted the drink inside Jean’s body.

“HOW IS?”

“Not so bad, but I prefer the other brand. This is a little too bitter for my tastes…”

“WELL, ALWAYS BETTER THAN TASTING NOTHING, NO?”

“Jean, I…”

“NO, PLEASE. I KNOW WHAT YOU WANT TO SAY, AND YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK ABOUT IT. SEARCH A WAY TO FREE ME, BUT UNTIL THAT DAY, NO PROBLEM. YOU KNOW I LIKE TO BE INDEPENDENT, AND YOU AND YOUR COLLEAGUES ARE DOING EVERYTHING POSSIBLE FOR IT, AND I HAVE TO THANK YOU. WITH THE SUIT ARRIVING, I COULDN’T REALLY GO OUT AS BEFORE?”

Joan nodded, eating a piece of cake.

“Yes. Your lips will be still sealed, but well, maybe with a surgical mask, you know, similar to the ones used when you have a cold…”

“MMMM, THE IDEA IS NOT SO BAD… WHAT ARE YOU STUDYING TODAY?”

“A new solvent. I have to say you that I don’t believe too much in it, but well…”

“COME ON, COME ON, I’M SURE THIS EVENING YOU WILL RETURN WITH A BIG SMILE AND WITH THE ANSWER TO OUR PROBLEMS…”

“Jean…” smiled the sister, sitting up and hugging her. “You are a love, you know?”

“YES, AND I COULD BE ALSO SWEETER IF SOMEONE WILL FIND A WAY TO LET ME ENJOY SOME EVIL DEVICE THAT IS HIDDEN IN THIS SUIT…”

“You mean that… Jean, how you could think of this now?”

“TRY NOT TO THINK OF THIS AFTER A WEEK! I’M NOT A NUN AS YOU, I… WELL. I’M USED TO DOING IT A LITTLE MORE OFTEN…”

“You are blushing!”

“IMPOSSIBLE. MY FACE IS GLUED TO THE MASK AND THIS IS SO THICK I CAN’T MOVE A MUSCLE. YOU CAN’T SEE MY SKIN…”

Joan giggled moving in the bathroom and then changing to go to work. Just before exiting the front door, she reached over to the remote and activated the plugs and the breasts stimulator.

“Bye Jean…”

“BYE SIS.”

The plastic encased girl slowly cleaned the dishes and the cups, humming the song that was filling the air front the near radio, then she turned and with her stiff legs she moved on the first floor, discarding the nightgown along the stairs.

“I need a good shower. I know that I’m trapped inside this waterproof suit, and I can’t sweat or other, but well, I want to have a life as normal as possible. And anyway, this suit could be dirty, no?” she thought, opening the water and setting it to a warm and pleasant degree, then she stepped in the shower and with a lot of difficulties she started to wash her surface and her hair.

“NOW THE TRICKY PART. HOW TO DRY A DOLL IN TEN MOVES…” she said, grabbing the towel and starting to move it as much as possible over her body and hair.

When satisfied, she moved on the tip of her toes in to her room, where she selected a pair of blue jeans, a cotton long sleeved white shirt and a pair of knee length boots made in shiny vinyl. She posed the garments on a special rack that will dress her up just pushing a pedal with her left foot, and pushed her slender legs inside the boots, that were as the other shoes the laboratory gave to her, ballet boots.

“I HOPE MY TENDONS WOULD BE STILL ELASTIC WHEN I WILL BE FREED FROM THIS THING, OR I WILL BE CONDEMNED TO HIGH HEELS FOREVER…” she mumbled activating the device, that with slow movements lifted the trousers, closed the zipper and the waist button, lifted the shirt and finished dressing.

She moved to another device, a sort of strange drying hood, and she pushed with her unmovable fingers a big button after moving a switch to the right position.

“Today a braid will be ok with my dress…”

The equipment grabbed her long, synthetic blonde hair and combed them in a perfect braid, closing it with a big pink bow at the end. She turned her head from side to side, the only movement her head could do, to see in the three mirrors near the equipment the result of its work.

“GOOD. NOW I’M READY FOR SOME SOFT MUSIC AND THE BORING GARDEN…”

When descending the stairs, her vision was really limited, she noted the small device left by Joan on the table.

“MMM, I THINK IT WILL NOT BE A SO BORING DAY, TODAY…” she tried to smile, but the mask already smiling was blocking completely her face muscles. “IT SEEMS SIMPLE. THERE ARE THREE BUTTONS AND A SWITCH TO SELECT THE INTENSITY… PUSHING THEM IS NOT A PROBLEM, THE DIFFICULT IS TURN THE SWITCH… AT THE MOMENT SEEMS TO BE SET TO THE MAXIMUM… NOT SO BAD, JUST TO REMEMBER HOW IT WORKS…” she grabbed the small black box with a lot of difficulty and moved it on the kitchen table. Then she moved to the door that lead in to the garden and opened it, breathing the soft perfume of flowers arriving from it.

She set the chair on the garden, moved the radio outside, on a small metal table near the chair and then she moved to the remote, clicking the three buttons. Immediately a soft buzzing started on her crotch and around her breasts, and the blonde moved unsteady outside, sitting on the chair.

“OH MY…” she said, while the first waves of pleasure started to build inside her.

It was as someone was caressing all her body at the same time, massaging her breasts and her sex with soft and gentle fingers, inside and outside. She tried to move, but she couldn’t, and the pleasure had no way to escape, reverberated by the waterproof material that was encasing her. She mumbled, tried to reach for her crotch, but it was futile, her blocked fingers completely useless, her legs opened in an obscene position that was so natural for a doll. The orgasm hit her like a missile, leaving her breathless.

“Wow, it was years I was not so happy…” she thought, relaxing under the sun.

Some minutes after new waves of pleasure started to build, and so she had various orgasms in the following hours. She was quite ready to sit up and shut off the remote, also because the weather was turning to rain, when a sudden blast of wind slammed shut the door, trapping the girl outside, with her plugs buzzing and her breasts stimulated.

“NO, I CAN’T BELIEVE IT… THE DOOR CAN BE OPENED ONLY WITH THE KEY OR FROM INSIDE. I HAVE TO THINK SOMETHING, OR I WILL BE IN A TROUBLE… MMMM, BUT THESE THINGS DON’T GIVE ME THE TIME TO THINK… OHHH, MMMMMMYYY!” she straightened, falling on her back on the grass, panting for the thundering pleasure that let her spasm. “NOW I’M REALLY IN TROUBLE… WHAT ELSE CAN HAPPEN?”

Rain started to hit her body, soaking her dress.

“THANK YOU FOR THE ANSWER…” she said sadly.

It was only four hours after that she heard the door ring and a male voice calling her name.

“JACK! JACK, I’M TRAPPED IN THE GARDEN…”

“Not a good thing. How can I help you?”

“THERE IS A KEY UNDER THE RIGHT FLOWERPOT. PLEASE, I’M COMPLETELY WET…”

“A moment, a moment, here we are. A second and I’m with you…” he shouted for the last time, entering in the house and running to open the door in the kitchen.

“THANK YOU… CAN YOU PUSH THE THREE BUTTONS OF THE REMOTE?”

“Yes… Why?”

“COULD YOU PLEASE TURN THEM OFFF… PLEEESSSEEEE… OOOOHH MYYY…” she shouted, having just the time to move inside the house and sustain herself using both hands on the table.

“Are you okay?” he asked quite shocked, after shutting off the plugs.

“YES… YES… JUST MY TWENTY-SECOND ORGASM TODAY…” she panted, caressing his cheek with her wet hand. She saw his face. “NO, NO I’M JOKING…” she lied.

Jack was a man in his early thirties, with short black hair, a well toned body and a pretty, maybe a little too young face for his age. He was dressed in jeans and a denim jacket, his umbrella dripping water on the floor, his eyes lost on the sight of Jean’s body, quite perfectly visible under the wet dress.

“You… you need a hand to be dried and be changed?”

“AH, WHAT… AH, NO, NO PROBLEM. GIVE ME FIVE MINUTES AND I’M ALL FOR YOU. YOU HAVE THE SUIT?”

He nodded indicating a small luggage case in the living room.

“WELL, MAYBE YOU CAN HELP ME… COULD YOU PLEASE UNDRESS ME? WE WILL SPEED UP THINGS A LITTLE…”

The man, with a quite visible bulge on his pants removed her shirt and jeans, then helped her to sit and he removed the boots.

“THANK YOU. GIVE ME A MINUTE…” she said cheerfully, starting to climb the stairs in her strange motion.

When she returned to the living room, naked as only a doll can be, her shiny skin in some part still wet and presenting drops of rain, Jack had extracted a small flesh toned suit and he was checking it thoroughly.

“IS THAT THE SUIT?”

“Ah… yes, it is. I know you are thinking it’s a little small, but it’s perfect, the material will stretch to cover you perfectly…”

“BUT THERE IS NO ZIP OR NOTHING. HOW YOU CAN CLOSE IT ON MY BACK?”

“I will glue it over your costume.”

“GLUE? BUT IF I WANT TO REMOVE IT?”

“Why?” he asked quite shocked.

“WELL, I DON’T KNOW, BUT…”

“This is only a trial… If you want to have a removable one, no problem, we will do a little change so it will be removable. Maybe something that can be operated by your dresser?”

She kissed him on his cheek with her rigid lips, giggling seeing his face turning red.

“I THINK IT WILL BE PERFECT…” She said. “BUT NOW, LET’S TRY THIS…”

The man helped her to step inside the close fitting rubber like material of the suit, and only with a lot of tugs and pushing the legs before and the waist after were covered by the suit. Jack was sweating with the effort and not only for that, considering he had to continue to touch Jean body, that was quite enjoying the shyness of the man. It was only after an hour that the suit was closed and glued on her back.

“I’M SO DIFFERENT?”

“Well, now you are as before, if you don’t consider the waist and the ballet position of the feet…”

“AND THE LACK OF MOBILITY…”

“Oh, it seems you are doing really good to manage to do things without your limbs mobility. You really impressed me climbing and descending the stairs…”

“REALLY?”

“Well, your body was moving back and forth and… I mean, scientifically you have a real good body…”

“SCIENTIFICALLY?” she insisted, seeing him sweating as a pig, his eyes looking for everything but not her blue ones.

“Yes, but also in the other… I mean, I’m not a pig, but well, you are... I mean… oh my…” he sighed.

“COME ON, COME ON, I WAS JOKING. CAN I SEE MYSELF IN A MIRROR?”

“Y… yes.”

She moved on the stairs again, followed by Jack. In her room the big mirror reflected her old body, also her hair and all the rest were exactly the same as before.

“BUT, BUT… THIS…”

“No, no, It’s only a fake one. Is not functioning, I’m sorry…” he said. “But it seems that you know still how to enjoy, also if without a man, no?”

“YES… BUT TELL ME THE TRUTH, YOU REALLY THINK I CAN GO OUT, IN A STREET, ALONE?”

“Why not? You can move quite normally, you are really good considering the few possibilities you have to move. With something to cover your lips and a pair of dark glasses you are perfect. Want to try?”

“YOU HAVE…”

“A couple of surgical masks and dark fashion glasses. For the dress, I think you can find something. It seems that the rain is gone. Dare to walk up to the laboratory with me?”

“IT’S A DATE?” she giggled.

“Why not?” he answered giggling too, leaving the room and returning to the living room.

When she descended, she was wearing a large and long pink cotton dress, perfect to hide her tiny waist and the black leather ballet boots.

“Can I have the honor?” he asked, showing her the white surgical mask.

“REALLY FUNNY…” she answered, while the man covered her lower face and tightened the two laces on the back of her head, hiding the knots under the hair she decided to leave free.

“Now the glasses… perfect.”

While she observed her face and torso in a small mirror, he took the keys that he had left on the kitchen table.

“And if…” he thought, then he smiled and grabbed, pushing it inside his trouser pocket, the remote for the suit. “Ready? We are leaving…”

**Chapter 4**

The sun was slowly appearing chasing and removing the heavy clouds that were in the sky. For the first time in a while Jean was able to see something different than her sister’s garden or the house were she was trapped due to the costume she was glued in. Also if her vision was impaired by the dark mirror-like glasses and pin holes lenses over her always opened eyes, she was really happy to see other people, and to see also that they were not staring at her.

"Or at least they look at me for a second, I think for the fact I'm wearing a surgical mask, then they continue on their paths disregarding me. Good, good..." she smiled, her muscles blocked under the always smiling lips of the mask.

"So, How is going around as a normal person?" asked Jack, on her side.

"WELL, I HAVE TO ADMIT THAT IS A WONDERFUL SENSATION. AT LEAST I CAN FEEL THE WARMTH OF THE SUN, BUT NOT THE AIR..."

"I'm really sorry for what happened to you." He mumbled. "I mean, I know that was an accident, but..."

"NO PROBLEM, JACK, REALLY." She said. "MY SISTER HAS BEEN ALWAYS A SORT OF MAD SCIENTIST, AND WITH A GIRL LIKE HER, WHEN YOU SPEAK ABOUT INCONVENIENTS, WITH HER THIS IS THE MINIMUM..."

"But..."

"AND EFFECTIVELY, I'M USED TO BEING A MANNEQUIN..."

He smiled, and nodded. "And with your work, what do you think to do?"

She stopped, as thinking.

"I DON'T KNOW. I REALLY DON'T KNOW. I HAVE STILL TIME, BUT ALSO IF I WILL HAVE TO START AGAIN AT THE END OF THIS MONTH, MY AGENT WILL CONTACT ME I THINK NEXT WEEK. AND IF JOAN HAS NOT FOUND A SOLUTION FOR THAT DAY..." Jean lifted her rigid hands and arms to her face, but the construction of the arms was impeding her to reach it. She put them down. "SEE, I CAN'T CRY, MY EYES ARE GLUED TO THE PLASTIC THAT IS ALSO IMPEDING MY TEARS TO EXIT. I CAN'T ALSO PUT MY HANDS ON MY FACE. IT COULD BE FUNNY AND I WOULD LIKE TO SMILE, IF MY LIPS WERE NOT TRAPPED INSIDE THIS RIGID PRISON THAT IS NOW MY SKIN..." she sniffed.

"No, Jean, please..." he moved in front of her and grabbing her shoulders, his eyes on hers. "Please. You have a problem, yes, but think that anyway you will solve it. There will be a day when your skin will be free, and your face & eyes. But think about other problems. Think about persons that have serious problems..."

"MORE SERIOUS THAN MINE?"

"Do you have both your legs or arms?" he said serious.

"YES, BUT..."

"You can see, hear and talk?"

"YES..."

"There is people that can't. They have no arms, or legs, or they are blind, and they anyway have a life. You can talk due to the synthesizer, but your condition is an happy one for a mute. Imagine you have no vocal chords, you can't also do vibrations. This is why I'm studying the various paraphernalia you are using at this moment and that are also embedded in your costume or your body mask, to solve problems. Real problems!" he said, quite shouting at the end.

She sighed as much as she could. "SORRY."

He smiled. "No need. I'm the one that must beg your pardon. I'm always agitated when I speak about my interests. I had no idea of your feelings. I only saw you on the catwalks and..."

"YOU SAW ME?"

"Y... yes."

"WHEN?"

He blushed, while they restarted to walk. "Well, since I saw a photo of you from your sister, well, I was curious, so I... I mean, You are really a wonderful woman and..."

She giggled. "SEEMS THAT YOU HAVE SOME MORE INTEREST IN ME THAN ONLY A SCIENTIFIC ONE, OR AM I WRONG?" He mumbled something, lowering his eyes. "SO?"

"Yes." He admitted. "I started to find information on you, trying to find all the possible photos from you, looking at the fashion shows on television."

"MY... SEEMS YOU ARE REALLY A FAN. NEVER HAD ONE!"

"I'm sure you are thinking I'm a maniac..."

"NOOO." she giggled again "WELL, ONLY A LITTLE..." she laughed, mocking him.

He sighed. "At least my search on you has been useful to create the skin you are now in. I obtained it using all the photos and videos I have about you." He stopped again, looking at her. "Please, don't think too bad of me..."

"NO, NO. BE SURE, I'M PLEASANTLY SURPRISED ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID, CONSIDERING THAT I'M NOT REALLY A FAMOUS ONE MODEL. DO YOU LIKED ME? I MEAN, WHEN I WAS NORMAL?"

"Yes, and I like you also now. I mean, also when I saw you in the dolly form. It was in some way a sort of you, also if artificial, but it was like seeing a Barbie designed over your forms..."

"APART FROM THE WAIST. IT'S QUITE A TIGHT CORSET THIS ONE I'M WEARING."

"Oh, but the effect is incredible..." he said, lust in his eyes, immediately watching the floor as soon he understood she was looking on you.

"DO YOU REALLY LIKE ME... ALSO IN THIS FORM?"

He nodded shy, blushing heavily. She stopped, sighing. "There is some problem?"

"WELL, I'M GETTING QUITE TIRED WALKING. THE FACT TO HAVE MY LEGS RIGID AND TO WALK ONLY ON THE TIP OF THE TOES IS TIRING ME A LOT. CAN WE HAVE STOP A LITTLE?"

"No problem. Anyway we have already done half of the trip, and I don't know if you noted, but no one watched you two times. It seems that you can go around easily."

"AH, THIS IS REALLY FANTASTIC, BUT I DON'T KNOW IF I COULD GO OUT... ALONE."

"What do you mean?"

"I'M DEPENDENT ON PEOPLE ANYWAY. ON YOU NOW, FOR EXAMPLE, BECAUSE I CAN'T REMOVE MY GLASSES OR MASK, OR IF I FELL, GETTING UP AGAIN WITHOUT REVEALING MY TRUE NATURE..."

"Well, this means that we will find someone that will follow you as a little dog." He smiled.

"SOMEONE LIKE WHO?" she said, half sad, half praying on a certain answer. She saw what he took from her sister house, and if he was kinky enough to grab the remote controller, maybe he was kinky enough also to use it on her. The idea he could use it on her in public, without any possibility for her to stop him, was starting to move around her mind and stomach in a pleasant way.

"Arf, arf..." he barked smiling, then he looked around and pointed his finger in a certain direction, across the street. "Ah, here we are! That bar will be perfect."

"WHY THAT ONE?" she asked, while she was singing inside her for his answer.

"A lot of high stools. Perfect for you to lean on it without showing you can't bend your legs."

"I'M ALSO THIRSTY. DAMN THAT I CAN'T SIP SOMETHING WITHOUT MY SPECIAL TOOL..."

"Why not? Come on, you are a normal person, only with some small problems of movements of the limbs. I will pull down the mask and give you a straw."

"IN MY NOSTRIL!?"

"What do you want?"

"WHAT?"

"What do you want to drink?" he repeated.

"AN ORANGE JUICE." She answered not convinced.

He laughed while entering on the bar.

"Welcome." Greeted them the owner, near the entrance.

"Good afternoon. Can we have a coffee and an orange juice?" he asked, sitting on a nearby stool. The man nodded and started to prepare the drinks, while Jean moved to another one near him and leaned on it, sighing in relief.

"AND NOW?" she said, trying to reduce her vibration, so the volume of the device. "WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO, MY LOYAL DOG?"

He smiled and undone the upper lace of the mask, letting it dangling in front of her masked face, immobile but at first view normal.
The barman gave them the drinks and continued to do his chores, not looking at her twice.

"See? He didn't see your face is false. And for the juice, well, let me just put this straw on the liquid and the other end on your mouth... here... I have to say you that I changed a little the external skin so now if you push a straw or something similar inside the false lips of the suit, they will cling to it and the inner pipe is already connected to your nostril pipe on the stomach, and at the same time the other nostril is half closed, so you can just sip inspiring as normal. Try."

"REALLY?"

"Try."

She did, and she was near to crying seeing that the juice was going down and inside the straw and down on her stomach.

"WONDERFUL!" she said, putting both rigid hands on the bench and enjoying the drink as her friend did.

When she finished, she moved her head on the side, and the straw detached quite naturally. She noted he was looking at her, but not her eyes or her situation, but her rigid body, her hands and arms, fixed in that sort of quite unnatural position. She tested if he was looking at her while thinking of something else, and moved her left arm. His eyes moved with her limb.

"DO YOU LIKE WHAT YOU ARE SEEING?"

"Uhm? Sorry, I was thinking..."

"YOU WERE LOOKING AT MY HANDS. WHY? DO YOU LIKE THEM?"

"Y... yes. I like you..." he said mumbling

"JACK, TELL ME. YOU LIKE ME ALSO IN THIS FORM. WHY?"

"No... I mean, I like you, because also if I see you in the doll, anyway under your shiny tight suffocating plastic skin you are always yourself, but I like you also if you are covered because I like... the aspect you have..."

"SO YOU LIKE MY DOLLY SUIT?" she asked while they started to go out and started to move again in the laboratory direction. "YOU LIKE ME IN... THIS?"

He didn't answer, occupied to fix again the mask over her face. But blushed. "Done... Perfect as before." He mumbled.

"THANK YOU."

"No problem. If it's only this that I have to do for you."

"YOU DIDN'T ANSWER TO MY QUESTION. OK. I CHANGE THE QUESTION. I'M SORRY TO SAY I'M QUITE A DIRECT PERSON. DO YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH ME?"

"Play?"

"YES, PLAY. I'M A DOLL UNDER MY FALSE HUMAN SKIN, SO WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH A DOLL? YOU PLAY WITH THEM. YOU TOUCH THEM, YOU MOVE THEM. IF YOU ARE HAPPY, I'M HAPPY."

"But... but... Jean, are you mad?"

"NO, JACK. I KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE IN YOUR POCKET, AND I'M ALSO A REAL WOMAN UNDER MY FALSE DOLL SKIN, SO CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG, BUT YOU LIKE MY ARTIFICIAL APPEARANCE, CONSIDERING HOW YOU BLUSHED IN THE HOUSE AND HOW YOU WERE LOOKING AT MY RIGID ARMS AND SO ON. PLAY WITH ME, AND IF YOU ARE SATISFIED, GIVE ME SOME REWARD WITH YOUR THREE MAGIC BUTTONS, DUE TO THE FACT I CANNOT PLAY WITH YOUR JOYSTICK."

"Oh my... You are serious?" he said, blushing while she moved cloer to him. With one of her hands she touched slightly his crotch, sensing the bulging.

"DO YOU LIKE WHAT YOU SEE?"

He nodded.

"PLAY WITH ME..."

He looked in her fixed eyes, then he moved a little away, putting his hand in the pocket. A small vibration started on the two dildoes on her crotch, letting her moaning slowly, panting through the nose and leaning on a wall as after a long run.

"PLEASE... PLEASE NOT SO SLOW..."  she begged. "PLEASE INCREASE... I'M GOING CRAZY..."

"I will do something more, but for now it's enough..." he smiled also if blushing, stopping the movements of the vibrators. "This night. I know that you have to leave the house, this evening your sister’s husband will be back."

“YEAH... BUT AFTER THIS NIGHT? WHERE I WILL GO? I CAN'T STAY ON THE LABORATORY, AND GOING ALONE IN A HOTEL..."

"Can you consider the possibility to move into my home? I'm single, my house is big and I know how to manage everything on your skin and over your skin." he blushed, trying to act as a sure man, but he was sweating a lot. "And maybe I know also how to manage something under your skin. Inside you."

"ACCEPTED." She said, more for the lust to have some more sexual pleasure, not thinking she quite didn't know him. But he was gentle, and well, she was well protected against rape.

Both moved happy to the laboratory, his hand grabbing her rigid form and hugging it, while the other started again the remote, a little more stronger, this time.

[querthe@yahoo.it](mailto:querthe@yahoo.it)

11.03.08

story continues in [**Dolly Part 2**](dolly2.html)

o0o
