---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Pair of Bondage Mitts and a Leash
authors:
- Techie
tags:
- F/f
- bondagemitts
- gag
- leash
- piercing
- F+/m
- naked
- bond
- gag
- collar
- chastity
- hobbled
- buttplug
- tail
- bell
- display
- susp
- tease
- electrostim
- oral
- sex
- cum
- cons
- 'true'
- XX
date: 2016-06-10 00:00:00
---

It is no secret that for many years I have always been playing bondage "games with my husband/lover/ best friend, Techster. In looking for the simplest means or method of rendering him completely helpless I discovered a new bondage "tool" called "bondage mitts". These can render even the strongest man helpless by depriving him of the use of his fingers, hands or even thumb. Instead he will have two thickly padded mitts for hands, he cannot open a lock, release a clip on a gag or even loosen a nut on a bolt. The mitts were surprisingly inexpensive, less than thirty dollars.

In order to keep this newest toy a secret I ordered the parcel sent to our neighbor, Stephanie’s home. Stephanie is a closet dominatrix who runs her business in an underground dungeon belonging to Domina Bonita. Per our agreement she notified me that it was here by leaving a post it note under the windscreen wiper blade on my car. Fortunately Friday night was my husband, Techster’s bowling league night. So I used this as an opportunity to pick up the parcel. Naturally, Stephanie was curious about my newest "secret" toy. I opened the parcel and showed her the mitts. She said that she had seen the bondage mitts, but never actually handled a pair.

Stephanie asked if they were secure so I proposed, "You are the professional, why don’t you test them?"

"Great I would love to know just how secure they are. Let me give you a warning my business has made me an expert of escaping bondage. Let me try them out." She said as she extended her wrists. I slid them on her hands, tightened the straps, inserted and locked the locks on each mitt.

Next I used a cable tie through the suspension loop on each mitt and locked them together. Stephanie ran around tugged and pulled on each mitt but was unable to escape. "Please let me out of these!" she begged, "I have to pee."

"No problem." I told her as I loosened her belt and dropped her slacks and panties. "Step out of them, go pee and let me know when you are finished and I’ll wipe you."

Stephanie started to complain, after all it is different when you are used to controlling or dominating other people and suddenly you become the captive. I spotted a medium sized ball gag on her shelf grabbed it, and when she opened her mouth to speak I shoved the gag in her mouth and buckled the strap behind her neck.

The dominatrix was clearly not used to being the subject; she shook her head violently. In looking round her home I saw many things that I could use to help her "calm down".

I pointed to a chair and said," sit."

When she sat I reached down and buckled a pair of cuffs that were attached to a spreader bar around her ankles.

Now it was obvious she was pissed off she mumbled and cursed behind the gag. I grabbed a nice chrome leash and quickly snapped the clip on her triangle piercing that encircled her clitoris. "Now I do believe you will willingly follow me anywhere. Let’s go over to my house for a glass of wine." Stephanie just stood there angry, but bound as she was with the leash clipped to the triangle piercing around her clitoris she dared not struggle. It was dark with a full moon as I led her down to our home.

Her shiny bare butt glistened in the moonlight.

In order to avoid upsetting the neighbors we walked rapidly to our home.

When we entered Techster was sitting his chair watching the evening news. He looked up and then looked again a double take! "Oh, Hi Steph, are you doing a beta test on some new gear eh?" he asked.

Stephanie shook her head angrily and looked at me. "She accidently volunteered to do the beta test." I explained . "I got the bondage mitts for you and she said they were easy to get out of and asked me to let her beta test them. As you can see the mitts are pretty sturdy."

**Part 2**

Well, I walked into it!

In effect I ambushed myself .

When I saw Techie with our friendly neighborhood dominatrix, Stephanie, as her captive. It was a pretty sight.

Stephanie was naked from, the waist down gagged and locked into a pair of bondage mitts while being led around by a leash that was clipped on her triangle piercing so I knew she would not resist.

Techie explained that she had purchased the bondage mitts as a surprise for me and Stephanie was checking to see how strong they were and she could not escape. Now here is where I let my ego overrule my brain as I bragged, "Well she’s not as strong as I am. I could tear these mitts up in a few minutes. Let me check them out!!"

Stephanie held the mitts out, glad to be offered relief. Techie looked over at me and ordered, "Same rules, if you can’t get out of the mitts you are going to be stuck in them for a while. Strip so you can go to the bathroom and I can wash you in the shower."

I have enjoyed being Techie’s toy many times which is why our 40 plus year marriage is so much fun. I willingly stripped, tossed my clothes on a chair and eagerly held my wrists out. Techie unlocked the mitts and helped Stephanie pull her hands out of them. It took both of them to spread the mitts open far enough so my large hands could slide into them. Once my hands were fully inside and the wrist straps were locked I remarked, "Wow! These things are snug, but the soft insides are comfortable. They’ll probably last less than15 minutes before I tear the open!"

Techie used a cable tie from our bondage "kit" and locked the suspension loops on the mitts to the lock on my CB6000 male chastity device. "That’s no fair!" I angrily exclaimed as I walked around trying to find something to hook the mitts on so I could tear them. I tried door latches and the edge of the kitchen counter.

While I was trying to escape from the mitts Stephanie removed her gag. Techie asked, "May I borrow that as she pointed to me."

Stephanie passed her the gag. Techie came from behind me while I was struggling to tear the heavy leather of the mitts, gave me a big hug and a kiss on the back of my neck. When I opened my mouth to speak she shoved the gag in and closed the latch. Stephanie looked at me and laughed; she passed Techie the leash and unscrewed the pin of the shackle on the heavy chain collar she was wearing. As she passed Techie the collar she said, "Its a large this should make his outfit complete."

Techie put the collar around my neck and put the pin through the loop on the chrome dog leash. "There that will have him ready for Saturday!"

I shook my head, "No!"

Techie looked me in the eye and shook her head "Yes" then she added, "Remember that get together I had planned for Saturday to watch the ‘Sex in the city’ reruns? Well you are server, my pet slave and the entertainment."

What could I do? The answer was nothing! I was naked, my hands were in bondage mitts that were attached to my CB6000, I was gagged and leashed! No choice but to relax and enjoy the scenery! After all at this point I had no control over what was about to happen.

Then Techie made me an offer I could not refuse, "If you promise to be good I’ll remove the gag so I can feed you and give you a drink. Do you agree?" I nodded my head, "Yes!" The gag was removed just as the doorbell rang and it turned it was Lynn the metal artist and lesbian who lived across the street with a pair of large extreme pizzas.

"I come bearing gifts for the planning committee for the "sex in the city reruns. This meeting will now come to order." Lynn Pointed to me and asked, "I thought this was a ladies only event. Is he coming?"

Techie answered, "Oh he’ll be here dressed as he is. He will be a slave whose job it is to serve and to be our entertainment". Then Techie pointed to the CB6000 that I was locked in and added, "But there’s no way he can come!"

Lynn smiled, "Great he can test a new piece of bondage art that I have just finished welding!"

"What is it?" Techie asked.

"That’s my secret!" Lynn exclaimed.

From then on the conversation was about snacks, drinks and sweet pastries. Techie made notes and advised them, "I’ll pick everything and Techster will rearrange the furniture around the Television." Lynn pointed to the dining room and asked, "Can we move the table against the wall and leave me a performance space for my latest creation?"

Techie looked into the dining room and said, "Let’s prepare now so the space will be ready. Techster that is your job." With that she cut the cable tie that had the mitts tied to my balls.

Even with the mitts on I was able to neatly stack the dining room chairs against one wall, collapse the big dining room table and slide it against the other wall leaving a ten by ten foot space for Lynn’s newest of bondage art.

Techie advised me, "Tomorrow, you are going to be the slave whose job it is to bring out the drinks and snacks out to us on the old tea cart and pass them out. I will have everything on individual plates and glasses so you can do it even your mitts on."

Then, business concluded the ladies finished the pizza, Techie fed me two slices and a tall glass of burgundy wine. "Well, friends I’d say we are all planned for tomorrow, I’ll see you about noon and we’ll get started’.

Techie took hold of the leash and led me over to the front door as the girls left, then she locked the door and led me down the hall to our bedroom. I went to the bathroom and did my nightly thing after which Techie washed and wiped my butt. She led me over to our bed I lay down and she covered me with the blankets, "Sleep well!" she said as she stripped and lay down her warm nude body lay against mine and she massaged my balls and fiddled with my nipples and gave me a long deep kiss. "Now you can dream of me. Tomorrow will be a fun day!"

I did not remember her setting the alarm clock but it went off at seven AM. Techie stirred, reached down and squeezed my balls. She slid down under the covers massaged my balls and licked my nipples until I got a partial erection, as much as the CB6000 would allow. "Time to rise and shine and I need some inspiration." she said as she sat on the edge of the bed.

I knew what that meant so I slid out of bed knelt down and began massaging her clit with my tongue. Experience had led me to a great technique and in a few minutes I had her wiggling and breathing heavily. Then she got up took my leash and led me into the shower where I was scrubbed and then towel dried. She had used the hand wand on our shower to wash my cock in the CB6000 and then she used her hair drier set on cool to dry it out. She went to our the bondage box section of our toy kit and got out a small karabiner which she hooked to the end of my leash and then over the top hinge in the bathroom door. "Now don’t wander off." She joked, knowing that with my hands locked in the bondage mitts I was helpless.

Techie showered quickly and when she came out of the shower ordered," Please dry my back and my pussy."

I knelt and sipped the moisture from her warm and fragrant sex then I stood and licked the drops of water from her back. When I had finished my "chores" I just stood there and watched her dress. I love watching Techie move around when she is nude and today was particularly good as she dressed "sexy" with thong panties and a very short skirt. As she slid her feet into her shoes she looked at me and said, "Today I am dressing up to show those young girls just how attractive an older woman can look. Do you like it?"

I told her, "You look great! Outclass the younger ladies!"

She unclipped my leash from the door and led me down the hall where she fed me breakfast of Orange juice, coffee and a microwave sausage biscuit. I had adapted to being locked in the bondage mitts and learned how to hold the sausage biscuit and the glass of orange juice. When I had finished breakfast Techie took my leash and said, "Follow me." As I was led to the backdoor of our home Techie advised me. "I’m going to do the shopping. I’m attaching your leash to the rail by the back door so you can be the greeter in case our guests arrive before I return. But first bend over so I can complete your costume with a butt plug tail a bell and a fancy collar."

I bent over and she inserted the butt plug tail in me, it must have been well lubed because it slid right in. Next she locked a ball stretcher around my ball sac when she locked it there was a small but loud cowbell attached to it that rang with every step, next she locked heavy steel cuffs with a short chain around my ankles and lastly she tied a fancy black bow tie around my neck.

"Almost done. Now for the last part of your costume." She told me as she used a cable tie to bind both of my hands in the mitts behind my back. "Now you are the perfect slave. I’m leaving the gag out so you can greet people."

I was led to the back porch stairs where she used the carabiner to attach my leash to the hand rail. "You can wait here for our guests." She told me as she got in the car and left to go shopping. This is the entrance that our friends use when going into our home via the back porch. Even though there was no lock on the carabiner the mitts prevented me from releasing it. To make things even more "dicey" was the fact that all of our friends who visit us come in the back door and there I was on display.

Since I had no choice I decided to enjoy my captive time and work on my tan so I turned my back to the sun and enjoyed the warmth, however, my enjoyment of the moment was interrupted by Lynn our across the street neighbor, the metal artist, who opened the fence gate and greeted me with a matter of fact tone in her voice. She was pulling a small cart with long canvas bag on it. She remarked, "Techie asked me to bring this. It is my latest piece of engineering art. Ordinarily I’d ask you to help me but I can see you are "tied up".

"By the way Techster that is a nice outfit. Love the tail! Are you dressed up for our get together?"

I nodded my head, "yes".

With that she gave me a light swat on my butt. When she hit my butt I jumped and the bell that was locked to my balls rang. "Hey, neat! Love the bell and the chastity device coupled with the tail you have one neat outfit." She said as she gave me two quick swats and laughed as the bell rang again.

Techie arrived just in time to help Lynn bring her "artwork" up the stairs and into our home. Lynn returned the favor by helping her bring the snacks and drinks into the kitchen. I Just stood and watched them. When everything was in the house told Techie, "Neat outfit for Techster with the tail, tie ankle cuffs, collar, leash, bell but isn’t something missing?"

Techie thought for a second said, "Oh, yes the gag, Thank you I was enjoying his talented tongue so much I forgot the gag." Techie took the gag outside and when I saw it I just opened my mouth after all when your are bound, naked and helpless why fight it. The ladies went inside and not 5 minutes went by when Gina and Viga the lesbian couple who lived down at the end of our road. Gina was a professional model and looked the part while Viga was a "Performance Artist" meaning exotic dancer and was superbly muscular. Like Lynn had done they each commented on my "costume" and took time to give me a swat on the butt and were amused when I jumped and the bell rang.

This scene was repeated six more times as Techie’s guests arrived. The only exception was when Stephanie arrived for she had two whips with her which she decided to test on my butt. When everyone had arrived Techie released the carabiner and led me into our living room where she announced, "Greetings everyone, today we’re going to watch back episodes of 'Sex in the city'". Techie led me around in a circle so everyone could see my outfit, "Techster as agreed to be our resident slave servant. I hope you like his outfit. He will take your orders from list in front of you."

Techie cut the cable that had bound my hands behind me. "Since he has limited use of his hands there can be no substitutions. Please note that if he gets the order wrong there will be a riding crop on the serving cart. Each error will cost him one swat with the crop, while a spill will cost him two swats. You will have the choice you can have him stand, bend over your knee or kneel to receive his punishment."

I turned to face the ladies as Techie announced," Ladies your orders please."

Since there were only 8 people I had no problems keeping the orders straight. When the orders were complete I went into the kitchen to discover Techie had drinks and snacks set out our old serving cart with labels indicating what they were. I carefully pushed the cart out into the living room and served the ladies their drinks and snacks. There were no problems so I started to push the cart back into the kitchen when Techie ordered, "Techster, we want to see you watching the series please step over here." Then Techie pointed to Lynn, "Will you give me a hand after all this is your bondage frame is your latest engineering art."

Lynn walked over and told everyone about her latest work of art, "This is a light weight folding aluminum bondage frame. It has eight hinges that allow it to fold into a 3 by 4 foot package. The stabilizing frame that holds it upright not only folds, but has a large bearing that is held in place by a lock nut. When it is set up you will note a winch that allows the operator, namely me to pull the captive’s arms and legs apart at the same time. The captive will be spread eagled and helpless awaiting your torment."

Lynn walked up to the stack opened and attached the "X" shaped stabilizing frame to the rest of the metal, gave two quick pulls, inserted 8 pins and the frame in all its shining aluminum glory stood ready for its first victim. "Techster, you have the privilege of being the first test subject."

I walked over to the frame which was a rectangle of aluminum box tubing with hinges on the corners and bolted on crossbraces. It was about three feet wide and about eight feet tall. Lynn saw me looking at the frame and asked, "How about it Techster? Do you like my artwork?" I nodded, "YES!" All in all her work of art was a masterpiece of design and a tribute to her mastering of the skill of welding aluminum.

Techie motioned for me to turn around and step back. I stepped back onto a thick metal plate. Lynn released the chain between my ankles and my ankles were spread apart. The "D" rings on my ankle cuffs were clipped to steel cables that came out from the bottom of the main upright tubes of the bondage frame. Next the clips which were on steel cables from the upper corner of the main upright corners of the frame were attached to each mitt. I heard a small winch clicking as my ankles and wrists were pulled outward simultaneously to each corner of the frame. Soon I was standing stretched out and spread eagled. Techie ran her hands along my sides and tapped the bell that was attached to my balls.

"As you can see, Techster is arranged for our entertainment; of course since this is an open frame both his front and back are exposed. One of the nice about this bondage frame it is on a pivot so we can rotate him and watch his reaction during some of he sexier parts of the show. You can watch his chastity device. You will see it raise if he starts to get hard."

She pulled on one side of the frame and spun it then stopped the rotation by grabbing the bell and tugging on my balls. She paused and pointed to a small table alongside me. "On the table are some supplies bushes, vibrator. So we can have fun with him later."

What could I say. There I was naked, helpless, spread eagled, gagged in a rigid bondage frame. Since there was nothing I could do I decided to sit back and watch the fun. It turned out that two of Techie’s guests, Viga and Gina were really hot looking lesbians who worked with Stephanie our neighborhood Dom. During a sexy part of the show when two of the actors were talking about watching lesbians. Stephanie asked Techie to pause the episode and asked. "Would Gina and Viga like to strip and show the others how lesbians make love."

They stripped and began handling each other very tenderly with a lot of breast licking. The tall one, named Viga, gave the short one named Gina a tongue bath where she concentrated on her legs, neck and then her pussy. It must have been obvious that I was aroused because Techie pointed to me and asked, "Techster are you enjoying this?"

With that Techie took a brush from the toy table, moistened it with lotion and started stroking the tip of my cock through the slot in the end of the CB6000. I tried to wiggle and struggle. Techie realized that I was obviously aroused and moved to teasing my breasts. Techie took the opportunity to advise everyone, "Did you know that a man’s nipples are five time more sensitive than a woman’s?"

As she spoke she took a pair of vibrating nipple clamps and clipped one on each of my nipples. The stimulation and pain were overwhelming. I wiggled tried to scream through the gag but it was no use. Then the ladies stopped watching the show and started watching me. Techie paused the show and then asked them, "I don’t have to be the only one doing the teasing. Grab a toy and lets see how strong Techster is."

Suddenly I was being teased my seven sets of hands. The long finger nails ran down my sides, another pair of hands squeezed my balls and a tongue stroked the backs of my legs. Finally Techie took pity on me and ordered "Stop!! Techster is horny enough. Let’s give Techster a break and some relief."

She unlocked and removed the tube that imprisoned my cock in my CB6000. "Now we will put Techster to the real test." she said as she put two rings of an electro stimulator on my semi hard cock slid a shot glass over the tip of my cock and said, "Now let’s see how stimulated Techster really is!" The pulsing current teased my cock and soon I blasted a very large quantity of cum into the glass. Techie turned the glass upright the cum filled about one quarter of it. "Wow! That was a big one, especially for a senior citizen. Good job Techster."

She paused and locked my cock back in the CB6000. "We’ve enjoyed your show. Now its time for you to get back to work I see empty glasses." I was released from the bondage frame and like nothing had happened I resumed dispensing drinks and snacks. The lesbian team did not bother putting their clothing back on and lounged seductively in each other’s arms as they watched the show. I enjoyed the "scenery".

Being put on display and teased like that really does great things for a senior ego. Even though I was still locked in my CB6000 cuffed, gagged, collared and leashed I felt great (and a bit of teenage horny) as I dispensed the drinks and snacks and each lady showed their appreciation with a caress or kiss. The ladies were enjoying teasing and handling me in my helplessness and vulnerability as much as I enjoyed their attention. It really does great things for a "senior ego".

When the viewing was over I watched Lynn fold the bondage frame up and put it in the storage bag. Techie helped her out of our home. Now all of the guests gone, Techie removed the gag and gave me a full kiss. "I like being able to tease and handle you when you can’t do a thing about it. You will be my toy again tonight."

With that she used a small cable tie to attach the suspension tabs of the lock on my CB6000, ran her nails down my sides, tweaked my nipples and said, "You must be hungry and thirsty, let me feed you." She did her best to keep me stimulated as she fed me then led me up to bed. "Tonight you will sleep in your slave outfit and in the morning I expect some first-rate Sex!!" She knew that it helps to have a wife who enjoys participating in your fetishes and fantasies.
