---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shields
authors:
- Spoonbender
tags:
- n/a
---

This
short story is not for minors or anyone else that doesn't like to read
about young ladies being taken advantage of. This is copyright (c) 1997,
by Spoonbender. It can be distributed freely as long as no charge is made
for it and it isn't changed in any way. If it is archived it is on the
basis that I have unrestricted access to the archive. This is all pure
fiction, the figment of a peculiar mind (You don't honestly believe its
real do you?) So no characters in it are based on real people, either living
or dead. Don't flame me 
if
you don't like my style, I'm still learning the craft. Email me if you
have constructive criticism, or if you like it and want more. My address
is [Theodore@spoonbender.demon.co.uk.](mailto:Theodore@spoonbender.demon.co.uk.)

Shields

"Shields down to 5 per cent commander." Screamed
the Weapons officer.
"Engine room divert more power to the shields."
"I'm sorry Commander the inversion chamber has
been damaged. I don't think 
Aaaaaaaaaaaargh...." There was a crash and the
ship shook and tumbled through the sky like a leaf before the inertial
stabiliser dampers kicked back on line.
"Engine room, Damage report? Where are you Sneed?"
The voice sounded faint. "He's dead sir, they'll
all dead. We're all going to die."

Danajane was terrified. What had she done to deserve
this? She was a scientist not a fighter. A very junior geological mapper
and this was her first tour of duty. This was a supposed to be a simple
surveying expedition, mapping out the geology of a promising looking planet
which, hopefully, could be used to provide much needed colonisation space
for a burgeoning human population. Then came the signal for them to return
to Station Theta. The peace talks with the Morgons had broken down and
rumour has it that their 6th battlefleet was in this quadrant.

So they had dropped their survey probes and hightailed
it. They were only two light years away from the station when one, by one,
the entire Morgon battlefleet had materialised. In front of them, behind
them, around them. They had fought the good fight but were hopelessly outgunned
by the strato- destroyers. Suddenly there was a huge crash and a rolling
wave of flames as the doors disintegrated under the rays of the Morgon
firethrowers. Danajane clasped her hands over her head and sunk to the
floor screaming as the battle raged around her.

"How many prisoners?"
"One?"
Harkass raised his left mandible. "Just one?"
"They fought hard Sir and there were no other
females on board."
"Bring her to me." Harkass snapped.
She was paraded shaking and terrified in front
of him. He looked down at her and then buzzed closer. She had a small compact
body, with a fresh radiant beauty. A fresh peach at the peak of perfection.
But to his eyes she was puny and weak and would be hard pushed to withstand
the rigours of her forthcoming servitude.
"So little one what is your name?"

All she could hear was a series of grunts, whistles
and pops. None of which were very intelligible.
"I'm a scientist, not a fighter. Please don't
hurt me."
"Get the translation phones Skark. How these
puny creatures ever hope to colonise space when they can't even perform
simple translations is beyond me."
They placed the phones on her head. They were
a bit awkward as they had been designed for races with three ear cavities,
but they sufficed.

"Who are you?" Karkass asked again.
"My name is Danajane and I am a scientist from
the survey vessel.."
"SILENCE. I am not interested in where you are
from, just what you are. Are you a virgin?"
"What er I er why do you want to know?"

Missilwhips are very effective. Designed for herding
the stubborn, thick skinned and tempestuous missilcows they proved devestating
across the backside of a stubborn little human female. Danajane screamed
piteously as the formic acid from the million little needles punctured
her flesh. It was like being stung by a thousand jellyfish at once.
"I am getting angry. Now are you a virgin?"
"Yes." She whimpered.

A collective sigh went up over the amorphous blob
that formed the bridge crew of the Morgon destroyer. "Strip her."
"No please." Screamed Danajane fearing the worst,
even though she knew that Morgons bred by osmosis. A single, controlled
shot from the firethrower burned her clothes off, without so much as singeing
a single hair on her body. Harkass gazed at her nearly nude crotch. Most
of the female captives had thickets of hair down there, now he had one
with just a small clump of fiery red tufts to match the blaze of her head.
Fire red it seemed appropriate somehow.

This one can be the new bridge shield. He was
looking forward to thinking about her when he engaged the puny galactic
fleet they had despatched against him.
"Bridge forward one position." Shouted Harkass.
A cloud of pink gas descended on her and bore
her away.

The other females looked exhausted. They hung
in their harnesses covered in sweat and gasping for air. Danajane was quickly
manoevered into position to match that of the other females in the long
dismal corridor. Her arms were strapped onto poles that stuck out from
the clammy wall of the ship and her backside was positioned on a U shaped
seat. Then her legs were bent down and strapped at the thigh, knee and
ankle leaving her spread wide in humiliating shame. A tube was positioned
just in front of her mouth. They then spent some time lining up a bulky
looking machine over her body. Finally they strapped her waist firmly to
the side of the ship. The pink cloud dissipated and she hung in her straps.

One by one the dazed women regained their composure.
Then the one opposite raised her head and regarded Danajane.
"So you are the result of the fight hey?"
"Yes I'm Danajane. What are you er we all doing
here."
"I am firstgun top formally known as Seethmantrica.
What is your position?"
"What do you mean?"
"What did they say before you were brought down
here?"
"Er Bridge forward one position, I think."
"So you will be a busy girl. A very busy girl.
You are not a virgin are you?"
Danajane blushed. "Er yes. Why does everyone
want to know."

One of the other women laughed, a bitter, ironic,
cackle.
"It is Harkass's Joke, putting a virgin into
Bridge Forward one. He knows she will be in pain, it strengthens the shield."
"Don't mind Cargocover two. She's been here too
long."
"Er Seethmantrica, can I ask you a question."
"Don't call us by our previous names it is forbidden.
I am firstgun top and you are bridge forward one. Do you understand?"
"Yes?"
"So what is your question?"
"Why are we here?"
"A good question bridge forward one. We are supplying
a very valuable commodity for the Morgons. You see they need a certain
compound in order for their shields to be effective, they searched the
universe for it then, by chance, they found a unique source of that compound.
Which was available in liberal quantities when the conditions were right.
They needed the 
compound for use in their continuing war with
the Quageelers. Which is why they were bothering to negotiate with the
Humans at all. They had a basic understanding between the two species but
then the talks broke down because they couldn't agree on the quantity of
the compound generators that were to be supplied."

"Has this compound got anything to do with why
we're here?"
"It has everything to do with why we're here?"
"Why? What is it?"
"Pussyjuice." Said Seethmantrica.

"Do you have them on scanners?"
"Yes Commander Harkass."
"Composition?"
"Forty two vessels, of which 19 are Strato class
destroyers."
"Good then we will have a good fight today."
Briefly he thought of Red, then he gave the order.
"Raise Shields."

"What's happening?" Screamed the terrified girl
as the clanging of the alarm reverberated through the ship. "You'll see."
Cackled Cargocover two. Danajane tugged at her straps when she felt the
machine between her legs suddenly throb into life. She looked around, searching
frantically for some escape. She noticed that most of the girls were looking
at her. Seethmantrica had her eyes closed in concentration. Suddenly they
snapped open.
"Relax bridge forward one. It will be easier."

The probe rammed into Danajane sundering her carefully
hoarded virginity like paper. It was stiff and rough like a very hard sponge.
It lingered for a brief moment then it started pumping frantically. Danajane
twisted and turned as best as she could in the bondage but the probe was
brutal and relentless, pounding away at the centre of her being as it tried
to draw her precious fluids from her and into the shield mechanism. Meanwhile
the massage units kicked in, massaging every part of her body with warm
fur. Her breasts receieved the most attention as they were gently kneaded
whilst the nipples were teasingly sucked.

Wildly she looked around and saw that most of
the girls were similarly engaged. Soon their moans of pain were replaced
by moans of lust as the machines did their work. A fire started to build
in her belly. Onward and upward it roared until it seemed like her body
could contain it no longer and she orgasmed in a welter of juices.

"Bridge forward shield up to 100 per cent Sir."

The bridge took two hits simulataneouly. The shield
value dropping alarmingly.

Deep, deep, down in the bowels of the ship the
young girl writhed in hopeless lust as the probe doubled then tripled its
speed. Her head shook, whipping her hair backwards and forwards across
her sweaty red face. Her feet drummed a tattoo as the orgasm hit, creating
a white hot supanova of pure ecstacy. The machine was rewarded with a gout
of precious cream and the shield value slipped up by ten per cent. The
probe thundered on.

The battle raged for hours with the ponderous
fighting ships pounding each other like drunken bare knuckle boxers. Finally
the Morgons started to yield as one by one, as their shields lost their
effectiveness or in some cases died completely.

Eventually Harkass called off the fight and his
ships cloaked and hyperspaced out. He wasn't worried about the battle.
There would be others and he would be better prepared next time. He'd captured
nearly two hundred new shield generators to replace those too worn out
or sick to provide adequate cover. These he left behind to be integrated
back with their species.

Just as he engaged the drive he glanced up at
the bridge forward one shield indicator. It still read 100 per cent. He
clapped his spartucles together. He was looking forward to testing her
in the many great battles to come.
