---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Marriage
authors:
- Rosiane
tags:
- n/a
---

The Marriage

The first time I saw Arthur I thought
he was ugly and skinny, and never look at him twice. But he fell in love
with me immediately and every opportunity he could find he would come to
speak with me, he called me several times saying I was the woman of his
life, that he would do anything to marry me. Few months have passed and
I started to grow fond of him, and I guess I had a little pity on him,
because of him being always alone, I had never seen him with a girl before.
But he was very nice to me like no one I ever knew. He also had a very
good position in a firm and made lots of money.

One day he confessed that he was
a virgin and he had never even French kissed a girl before, and he asked
me to marry him. I accepted but I told him that he had to do things always
my way, and that I thought I was beautiful and sexy and he did not deserve
me and he was being extremely lucky in life.

He agreed in doing things exactly
as I told him, so I laid a few rules:

First he was not to lay his hands
on my body until after the marriage, and even then I will determine when.

Second I was going to treat him
harshly, make him jealous and even humiliate him so that whenever he gets
something nice (I started calling these “small prizes”) from me he would
be extremely thankful and appreciative.

Preparations for the wedding were
under way, we would meet almost every day and so far I had let him kiss
me in the mouth (no tongue) and hold hands. He was getting crazy; he told
me that he was masturbating twice a day!

He also was very proud of having
a sexy fiancé like myself, and loved to show me around to his friends.
Especially to one of his best friends Mark, they have been friends since
high school and back then Mark would pick on him frequently because Arthur
was the “nerd” type and Mark was the athletic type. Arthur invited Mark
to be his best man at the wedding and was very happy that I was sexier
than Marc’s girlfriend and that made him feel superior in a way.

The wedding went great; at the
party everything was wonderful. Arthur was so excited when we headed to
our honeymoon suite, he was sure he was going to loose his virginity, poor
thing!

When we got in the room I told
him to strip his clothes and to sit down naked in a chair facing the bed.
I got a couple of handcuffs and cuffed his wrists to the back of the chair
and his ankles to the legs of the chair.He
was really puzzled by this but he had agreed to do whatever I told him
to in order to win his small prizes.

I then started to strip and as
he saw me naked he was in ecstasy, he said to me that being this the first
time he sees me naked, he was very happy that I was his wife now, he grew
a little desperate from being tied up and unable to move and he already
had a hard-on just by looking at me naked. I looked sexy, I was wearing
my high heels and nothing else, and I also shaved my pubic hair completely
bare.

Suddenly we heard a knock on the
door, Arthur look puzzled and I said I was going to see who that was, before
he could protest I had open the door to Mark his friend that came in the
room and I locked the door again.

Arthur tried to free himself from
the handcuffs while asking Mark and me what was going on. I told him to
calm down and started to explain to him that since he was still a virgin
and had no experience whatsoever in sex I decided that his friend Mark
was going to fuck me in our honeymoon instead of him, and he was to watch
it so he could learn.

Arthur struggled against the handcuffs
but to no avail. He then said that was not fair, that his wife should be
fucked by other than himself on their honeymoon. Then he said it was even
worse because Mark was the guy that at school got all the girls and now
was going to have his way with his wife!

Mark laughed and told him to enjoy,
then he told him that he would make me give Arthur a small prize in the
end. Then he pushed me facing down on the bed and licked my pussy and ass,
he especially loved my shaved pussy. I look at Arthur and he was still
struggling and also crying but he kept a huge hard-on.

Mark then slapped my ass and told
me to be on all fours, I readily did, always looking at Arthur, then Mark
spanked my ass while he was putting his cock in me. He was talking to Arthur
saying I was a bitch that he was fucking my shaved pussy that he was fucking
me without a condom and he was going to come loads of his sperm inside
me and that I might even get pregnant.Arthur
was just begging for him to stop and he kept fucking me really hard. Mark
then told me I could use my hand to relieve Arthur’s hard-on. I put my
hand around his cock and I pumped only twice before his load spewed in
my face!!!

Mark laughed and asked Arthur how
was his first orgasm with a woman!! He laughed again and said it was only
a lousy hand job but it was a start!! He then pumped harder and shouted,
“I feel a baby is under way!!”And
I don’t know why but I let him cum inside me, I was really excited about
humiliating Arthur and at the same time being a whore and letting Mark
do whatever he wanted.

I am now 6 months pregnant from
Mark, and Arthur and I are going to raise this child.

I am still keeping my husband Virgin
except for hand and blowjobs that he love so much.

And Mark always comes to our house
to fuck me in front of Arthur.I
told him that if he were a good husband after the child is born I would
let him fuck me.

03/12/01
