---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Sentence
authors:
- Filador
tags:
- M+/m
- mum
- bandages
- encased
- cons
- XX
---

**Part One**

For however long I have left - the words will
echo in my ears.  I'd quiver with fright, if only my grotesquely incapacitated
body would let me.  I knew long before I was forcibly dragged into
the chamber that my future was not likely to involve fun and games. 
I never, ever learned to obey a master, despite my love of bondage and
a desire to submit to restraint.

Now, strapped at the ankles, knees, waist, shoulders,
elbows, wrists and forehead to a heavy wooden chair, I attempted to listen
as the Committee listed the charges against me.  The gag in my mouth
prevented me from mounting any defense, there would be no due process at
this hearing.  My fate was sealed, what was to be done had already
been decided.  Why were they continuing to bicker?

I shivered slightly, my naked body attempting
fruitlessly to rattle out of the restraints and slip away unnoticed, free,
acquitted.  But such was not to be.  My mind raced at the possibilities
- undoubtably, some form of intense, forced bondage as a severe punishment
awaited me.  They would undoubtably try to break me.  Would they
attempt to kill me in the process?  Was this sentence a punishment
or an execution?

Gradually, but unalterably, my love of restraint
began to flow out of my body much as I sensed my life slipping away. 
I began to breathe deeply to clear my head and fight off the nausea, a
ringing began in my eardrums, my vision blurred to white as I sensed my
body falling into and against the leather straps.  I startled into
sentient thought as the sentence ripped into my my body like an electric
shock - LET HIM BE MUMMIFIED!

**Part Two**

Carried backwards out of the chamber, with a leather
hood laced tightly against my head.  I sensed that I was moving backwards
through time and space to a rendevous with an undesirable fate that I could
not escape.  Mummification.  A punishment.  More than saran
and duct tape, without a doubt.  That I had seen done many times before.
I couldn't avoid the buzz-saw fear, at the recollection of the process
as done by the ancient Egyptians.  Organs removed through the left
side of the chest.  Brains removed through the bored-out sinuses. 
I had to immediately dismiss this as a viable possibility.

Why would they not otherwise just outright kill
me and get on with it?  I had to believe that they intended for me
to somehow suffer-to be acutely aware of what was happening to me. 
Somehow, I had to believe that this was not going to happen.  For
some time we had been moving.  I must have been carried by many men. 
I heard footsteps, but no voices.  There are many turns, and several
long, slow descents, presumably down a flight of stairs.  My consciousness
vainly attempts to bargain with reason.  This cannot be that bad. 
A mummification.  A live mummification.  Let him be mummified!

The nearer we get to the end of the journey, the
clearer my reason became.  I have been handed over to the wetwi. 
A cult of bondage fetishists known to me, but indirectly.  Ritualistic
mummifications performed for their amusement.  In ancient history,
the wetwi were the embalmers who were responsible for wrapping the mummy. 
Strength of reason told me this was so-just a couple of bandages and sheets,
have their fun, cut me loose and call it a sentence.

Off comes the hood, lets get this going and over
with.  A look aroung this room immediately flushed that hope out of
my mind.  The buzzing began again, as the light from the candles at
the edge of the room got brighter and crowded out all other images. 
Cold sweat soaked the forehead restraint.  The smell of some type
of chemical or resin sickened me - I fell again into the grip of the restraints
as the room fell into buzzing, silent blackness.....

**Part Three**

Hope is a tenacious survival technique for the
condemned. The rush of warm water over legs, chest and arms refreshed-and
mislead.  I was safe - I was free.  I was acquitted.  I
was wrong.  Flat on my back, wrists and ankles strapped to a wooden
frame.  Totally naked, and still shivering slightly.

My executioners drew close.  Their very appearance
was terrifying.  Each man was bald-and dressed only in a brown skirt-like
thing tied at the waist with a rope.  Huge, bulging arms on all the
men drew attention.  Each man was no more than 5'2" tall-and built
like a fireplug.  An arm and a leg were released from their restraints
by one of the wetwi. A straight razor was withdrawn from a leather pouch,
and some type of oil was rubbed into my skin.  It was slippery and
slightly warm.  The razor danced across my shin and calf, the wetwi
highly skilled at removing body hair.  Instinctively, I began to relax
somewhat.  I could be hacked to bloody pieces at a moment's notice
with these razors.  The wetwi were taking great care to not injure
me.

Straps were removed from the other arm and leg,
to allow the other two to begin their process.  I was being shaved
at all corners of my body by four mummifiers.  I felt like a butterfly
being mounted for display.  The buzzing had stopped and my vision
had returned.  The shaving process calmed me significantly. 
I attempted to hang on to this thought, as if it would somehow sustain
me through the ordeal.  I temporarily closed eyes as I felt the hot
oils being rubbed into my crotch.  With legs spread apart, I was defenseless
to the removal of all pelvic hair.  Oils of some kind continued to
be rubbed into the skin, after the hair was gone.

If I didn't know what was likely to happen eventually,
I would have felt like I was being treated at a health spa.  The wetwi
continued with their furious razors, moving up to the chest to the armpits. 
I had become adept at relaxing and laying very still to avoid any possibility
of injury.  I flinched but did not wiggle as the razor sliced rudely
into my hair.  I closed my eyes for a long time - trying to put the
thought out of my mind-imagining how hideous I would look with no trace
of hair on my body.

Suddenly, all activity ceased.  The wetwi
withdrew for the moment.  They were careful to ensure the candles
gave sufficient light to illuminate not only the room, but the several
mirrors strategically placed about the room along the walls as well as
directly above me on the ceiling.  I instantly determined that these
were for my benefit-to permit me full visual access to the horrible process
that was about to begin.  The figure in the mirror was not recognized
- like a cross between an alien and a guinea pig.

My transformation had already begun.  It
moved when I moved, but did not resemble me.  I had already lost a
substantial portion of my identity.  Fear compelled me to look around
the room-this was my chance to determine what stuff was left lying around. 
I would hopefully get a clue as to whether I was supposed to survive my
encasement, and how.

The contents of the room offered no comfort. 
A wooden table with heavy cross braces underneath it was centered in the
room.  Nest to it were piles - tens of piles of hundreds of rolled
up linen bandages.  The pile itself was significantly larger than
my naked, shaved body.  There were metal pans, somewhat like baking
pans filled with some type of amber fluid.  I presumed that the strong
chemical smell was coming from the pans.  There were folded sheets
- about 6'x9' - and about 20 in number.  And, finally, frighteningly,
there was the mummy case.

A wooden, form-fitting box that was hollowed out
on the inside lower half, slightly larger than my naked, shivering body. 
The edges of the lower half and the top were beveled and grooved-suggesting
that they fit together precisely and snugly.  I saw no air holes in
the mummy case.  The buzzing began again - the room went completely
white as the wetwi returned and lifted my quivering body from the frame
onto the mummification table.  Their ritual and the climax of my encasement
had arrived.

**Part Four**

An unexpected sensation grew in the pit of my
stomach and spread throughout my prone body as the Wetwi lowered me into
place on the mummification table.  Mummification rack would be a more
descriptive term.  A leather strap, about 18" wide, ran from just
above the back of my head, down my spine and stopped somewhere beyond my
feet.  I was balanced perfectly on this strap, permitting maximum
access to most areas of my body.  In addition to the main strap, there
were straps at 90 degrees at the shoulders, butt and knees.  As I
looked to the side, it appeared that these straps could be slid up or down
the length of the table, depending on what part of my body was being wrapped. 
As soon as I had figured this out, I was spread-eagled and strapped down
at the wrists and ankles, cradled in a harness of leather.

There were approximately 6 or 7 men around the
table-I knew that escape was out of the question, even if I were not restrained. 
I looked up at the figure that reflected back at me and studied it, knowing
that this may well be the last look at my unwrapped body.  I began
to wonder what it would look like once the encasement was complete....the
whirring began in the pit of my stomach and for the first time, I began
to crave for the process to begin.  I stared at the wooden mummy case
awaiting me, and grew strangely excited at thought of being so thoroughly
encased in it...

My thoughts were rudely interrupted-it was time
to begin.  The Wetwi began the ritual much in the same way as the
ancient Egyptians began-by stuffing packing into any available opening. 
My mouth was forced open by prying fingers.  I was initially terrified
that my tongue was going to be cut out.  That thought was soon tempered-as
small wads of linen were stuffed underneath my tongue, deep into the cheeks
and on top of my tongue.  My cheeks bulged out and my lips barely
closed as my jaws were forced as shut as possible.  There was so much
packing in my mouth it was impossible for the teeth to clench.  There
was a strange taste-a cross between latex and fiberglass, with a pungent
smell.

A bandage was tied around my head from the crown
to the jaw, effectively forcing my mouth shut.  Smaller strips were
rolled between fingers and shoved into my eardrums-packed in tightly as
sound suddenly was shut off.  I could no longer hear any sounds in
the room, but could sense noises coming from deep within my body. 
The suspended miror revealed the layers of packing protruding from my ears
and mouth-the effect was bizarre and certainly was effective in sensory
deprivation.  As all this was happening, a slow, intense urge began
to build in my crotch.  Again I became terrified as a powerful, unstoppable
erection began to build.  To my amazement, it was ignored by the Wetwi
as the bandaging process at last began.  The strap on one hand and
the opposite ankle were released.  My left arm and right leg were
lifted off the table and placed in a harness.

As I looked in the mirror, it looked something
like an orthopedic ward.  I was strangely anxious for my encasement
to begin-to encase my body and seal it off from threat of further harm. 
The Wetwi placed fingers between my fingers and toes to separate them. 
I resolved to study as much of the process as I could-becoming increasingly
anxious to experience the totality of my restraint.  The mummification
of the fingers began with a single roll-a roll of about 1" in diameter
was wrapped around my index finger  -first once, then again, up and
down until the entire finger was covered over.  The bandaging continued
for several layers, approximately 1/4 inch thick.  I stared at the
finger and imagined this process being repeated many times over on the
rest of my eager body.

Once the bandaging was done, one of the mummifiers
squeezed the finger and held it snugly for a few minutes.  I was so
lost in this, I was initially unaware of the wrapping that had begun at
my toes.  Almost simultaneously, the mummifier let loose of my finger
and began wrapping the thumb in a new bandage.  I instinctively wiggled
the wrapped finger-to my utter amazement and astonishment, the wrappings
had become absolutely stiff and permitted no movement.  My heart nearly
stopped right there at thethought of my entire body being not only totally
wrapped, but rigid inside a cocoon of hardened bandages.  I thought
my erection was going to burst-I attempted to gasp out, and discovered
to my horror that the packing in my mouth had hardened, gluing my teeth
and jaws together in a solid unit.

My eyes must have given away the discovery, as
I noted just a hint of a smile in one of the mummifiers.  In about
ten minutes time, each finger and toe was neatly, separately bandaged. 
My hands looked like I was wearing hockey gloves.  Wider bandages
were produced, as I laid back and watched the process continue in the mirror
above.  It reminded me somewhat of an operating room.  2" wide
bandages began to be wrapped around my palm and wrist, then over the bandaged
fingers, effectively locking them together.  The bandaging around
the hands and wrist continued for several minutes, as each layer was initially
wrapped loosely, then subsequent layers being pulled progressively tighter
and tighter.  Wider bandages were produced and wound around my wrist,
up the arm, past the elbow and up to the shoulder.  4" bandages were
now being wrapped around, about 10-15 layers I estimated, as my arm began
to loose it's natural shape uner the bandages and take on the appearance
of a mummy.

The last few layers were quite snugly wrapped-somewhat
like a vacuum bed sensation, as the resins in the linen began to harden,
fixing my mummified arm into position.  The process was repeated over
the right leg, as bandages were wrapped around the toes, up past the arch
and ankle, and running up the leg to the knee.  My ankle was flexed
so that the toes pointed up towards the ceiling as I was laying on my back. 
The Wetwi continued to rub the layers of bandage into the lower layers,
forcing the resins to bind together and form a solid unit.  After
about 45 minutes of wrapping, my right leg was wrapped from the toes up
to the crotch in about 20 layers of bandages.  The foot appeared as
if it were clad in an off-white moon boot.  All the features of the
definition of my leg had disappeared under the layer of bandages. The left
arm and right leg were lowered back onto the harness of leather, as the
process was repeated on my left leg and right arm.

As the wrapping continued, I attempted to squirm
inside the wrappings of my mummified limbs.  Movement was impossible.
The sensation was as if my skin had been glued into a form-fitting cocoon. 
I could not flex any joint,  Attempts to move fingers and toes brought
pressure and sensation against my fingernails and toenails.  I attempted
to lift and move my hand, and was surprised that I could no longer feel
the leather straps holding it up, or feel my fingers against my thigh. 
I closed my eyes, imagining this sensation, squeezing and restraining every
inch of my body.  My erection instinctively and expectantly grew. 
as I opened my eyes, the Wetwi withdrew.  I looked up at a hideously-incapacitated
body, heavily bandaged at the legs up to the crotch and arms to the shoulders. 
Escape even without guards was impossible, as I could no longer bend my
limbs.  I grew impatient-and longed for the mummification of the rest
of my body.

My impatience was rewarded with the quick return
of the Wetwi-once again, arms and legs were raised, spread-eagled, and
placed in leather restraints.  Longer straps were used this time,
as the thickness of my mummified limbs had grown significantly.  I
again felt like a mounted butterfly.  Without warning, there was movement
around the perimiter of the table. The main strap that had supported me
had been pulled away, and I was being held by only the cross-straps. 
I knew the time to encase my torso had come.  A harness of bandages
was placed underneath my chin and lower jaw, and cradling the crown of
my head.  I instantly felt a pull, and my neck and spine were drawn
straight.  I could not understand why I was being put into traction-then-suddenly,
felt the rude intrustion into my behind.  Just as they had done with
the mouth and ears, wads of resin-soaked linen were shoved up inside of
me, spreading my cheeks even wider.  My erection was at full force
now.  I struggled in my bonds to do something about it.

My struggling was answered with commencement of
the bandaging around my crotch and lower stomach.  Rolls began at
the top of the legs and continued, figure 8 fashion around my butt cheeks,
around the top of the crotch, over the balls trapping them inside layers
of resin-soaked bandages.  As the wrappings got tighter, my erection
began again.  How much longer could they continue to ignore it? 
This must be a part of the sentence-denying me the ability to obtain release,
yet keeping me in a state of permanently-heightened excitement.  The
bandages became much bigger now-approximately 6" wide, as they were wrapped
from my hips up to just underneath my armpits.  As each layer of bandage
was wound around, it was pulled tighter than the last, trapping me in a
snug, form-fitting cocoon that, once hardened, denied me the ability to
flex at the crotch.

Suddenly, the point of The Sentence hit home-just
as the Wetwi finally began the encasement of my fantastically erect cock,
trapping it forever in rigid bandages.  Rolls of resin-soaked bandage
were wrapped around my now fantastically-erect cock, tighter than any wrapping
done so far.  At least 10 layers encased my erection, increasing it
to a fantastic size.  As the resins began to set, the mummified cock
was pressed, erect, against my stomach pointing towards my navel. 
Quickly more layers of bandage were wrapped around the crotch, figure-8
style, trapping the erect cock against my crotch.  As the resins began
to set, it felt as if someone were squeezing and sucking my poor encased
cock, increasing the size of my erection.

Just as all this was sinking in, the Wetwi released
each leg from its restraint and placd them together, side by side, 
mummy-fashion.  The pressure on my spread cheeks grew even greater,
forcing my erection even tighter against it's restraining cocoon. 
I was growing dizzy with the eroticism of the sensation, and inhaled quickly
through my nose.  Cold air brought me back to reality-and a fantastic
view of a mummy-in-progress.  The Wetwi were now becoming artists. 
Packs of wet, resin-soaked bandages were placed in the cavities between
my legs to form the appearance of a solid unit.   I could feel
none of this, as the layers of wrappings had long grown too thick. 
I flexed at the toes and crotch in a fruitless struggle to escape my sentence. 
More layers of bandages began at the feet, encasing the toes, ankles, and
legs together in a solid unit.

The wrapping continued up to the armpits for several
layers, until all features of my body had disappeared.  The lump that
was at once my erection was buried deep inside the wrappings. I squirmed
violently inside the encasement seeking release-but there was no release. 
I could feel the constant pressure of the wrappings against my cock-but
the hardened bandages prevented any movement or additional sensation. 
This was diabolical.  I was being encased to struggle fruitlessly,
indefinitely, an erection without satisfaction, a mummification with constant
stimulation and no orgasm.  I wanted the final bandaging-now. 
As I squirmed undetectibly inside my cocoon, arms were placed against my
torso, mummy-style and pressed into the hardening layers of the chest wrappings.
As with the legs, packing was stuffed into the gaps between the arms and
chest on front and back to form a smooth, solid unit.  Heavy bandaging
again began at the feet and progressed upward to the shoulders.  I
now truly had the appearance of a mummy-and was rapidly becoming a solid
unit from shoulders to toes.  I sensed movement from off in the distance,
but because of the head harness, could no longer look to see what was happening. 
I studied the contours of my encasement from toe to shoulder, savoring
the look and knowing that soon the final bandaging-the mummification of
the head-was about to begin.  I would cry out if only my trapped jaws
would let me.

The end of my vision came all to soon-as pads
of resin-soaked padding were placed into my eye cavities.  I quickly,
instincively, closed both eyes, my last look at my grotesquely-incapacitated
body lying in the leather harness of straps.  I could only imagine
the process from this point forward, and from what little I could sense
through my sense-deprived body. The strap holding my jaw together was cut
away, but the head harness was left in place.  I could hear and sense
bandages being wrapped around the upper shoulders, and suddenly felt the
first initial layer as it reached my neck.  My breathing became shallow
and quick-I could only breathe through my nose and became increasingly
concerned about suffocation.  My fear of suffocating was replaced
by my urge to feel the bandages being wound over my face and around to
encase my head.  I immediately felt resistance as I drew air through
the bandages-but could still breathe without too much difficulty.

I could hear and feel vibrations as layers of
bandages were wrapped progressively thicker around the head and neck. 
I imagined the image as the features of my face became gradually but irreversably
blurred under the layers.  I shivered at the thought, and realized
I was now a solid unit from toes to head.  The feeling was unlike
anything I had ever experienced-erotic, dark, silent, constricting, highly
sensual and very much alone.  I began to panic as the final bandaging
began.  I recalled the sheets-about twenty  6' x 9' sheets that
were folded next to the bandages.  I sensed the first of these sheets
being dipped in the resin and then wrapped around and smoothed over my
now completely-mummified body.  The sheet stretched from the base
of my toes to crown of my head, and was wrapped around my body twice. 
A layer of bandages over the shroud effectively trapped it into place. 
Another sheet was again wrapped around my body, this time from behind and
finishing in front.  Layers of bandaging followed over this sheet. 
With each shroud, breathing became more labored.  I sensed that I
was pulling air from around the face and neck bandages as I inhaled, as
they seemed to pull in closer for an instant.  This process repeated
eighteen more times until the last shroud was in place and a last, final
heavy bandaging from toes to head was done.

Countless hours had passed since the mummification
ritual began.  I was now hopelessly encased in multiple layers of
hardened, resin-soaked linen.My skin was glued to the inside of this gruesome
cocoon.  I could feel my trapped erection but could not squirm to
do anything to gain relief.  I could not open my eyes-my world was
totally dark, no external sounds penetrated into the layers of my mummification
and no sounds escaped from the inside.  I was encased from head to
toe in a solid, form-fitting, total sensory deprivation chamber from which
I could not escape.  This was my Sentence.  Again I squirmed
against my bonds, testing the totality of their restraint and effect in
denying me the ability to release.

Suddenly, the mummy case popped into consciousness
and I grew panic-stricken at the thought of being placed into yet another
layer of restraint.  Almost as if they sensed the thought, the Wetwi
lifted my mummified body off the harness and placed me in a standing position. 
It was a bizarre sensation to be placed upright, solid, and have the bandages
hold so firmly. I wondered as to what was happening outside my encasement,
and sensed strange vibration resonating throughout the outer wrappings. 
Sometimes it would stop, and then it would come back, as if someone was
rubbing the outside of the layers of the wrappings.  As it progressed
further up my mummified body, I sensed a kind of slurping sound, like the
sound mud makes.  Or plaster.  Plaster!  They were encasing
my mummified body completely in plaster-of-Paris!  I would sufficate! 
I tried to scream-but was denied by the layers of packing stuffed in my
mouth and difficulty in breathing.

Oh God, please let me have an air hole! 
I felt like I was drowning-and imagined the Wetwi smoothing the layers
of plaster.  I suddenly had the strangest urge for them to completely
encase me in the thick plaster, as I sensed the slippery goo being smeared
across my face and head and heard the mud-like slurp as the last layers
of bandage were swallowed up by the thickening plaster. As the plaster
was beginning to set up, and before it reached it set, I was lowered on
my back into the mummy case.  The plaster conformed to the contours
of the inside of the case, and I knew that once it set that I would be
effectively glued into the mummy case.  The Wetwi poured the last
of the plaster over the top of my mummy , sealing it against the edges
of the mummy case and forming an air-tight seal for when the lid was to
be set in place.  I struggled violently inside the bandages-but to
the outside world, there was no sign of life under the layers of encasement.
As I thrust at the crotch and gripped my hands, I drew deep breaths from
somewhere inside the wrappings.

The lid of the mummy case was lowered at last
onto the mummy.  Plaster squished out between the seal, and was neatly
wiped away from the outside by the Wetwi.  Inside, the weight of the
lid pressing against the top of the plaster and wrappings squeezed me even
tighter inside my encasement.  It was difficult to expand my chest
to catch a breath.  My erection grew again inside it's cast, unable
to climax .  My thrusts became more intense as I drew increasing breaths
through the layers of the wrappings.  How much air could be left? 
Was I completely encased in plaster, and restricted to whatever trapped
air was left in the wrappings?  That could be exhausted in a few minutes.
I thrust again, feeling the solidness of the wrappings rub up inside my
rear.  If a hole was left in the plaster, I would have the additional
residual air left inside the mummy case.  How long could that last? 
30 minutes?  I squirmed again, feeling the totality of the mummification
against every square inch of my skin. Suddenly, the mummy case was moving-I
was being jostled inside my cocoon and I sensed that I was moving backwards,
much as I felt as when I was being lead into the Commission awaiting sentencing. 
For however long I have left.....

As the Wetwi reached their destination, the mummy
case was moved down to the fourth row and placed at the end of that row
on the right, next to the 34 other mummy cases neatly arranged in rows
in the chamber.  A marking was chiseled into the outside of the case,
similar but not identical to other markings in the adjacent mummy cases. 
With that, the Wetwi withdrew from the chamber and proceeded directly to
the Commission to make their final report in the matter.

18/05/01
