---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Experimenting
authors:
- Natalie
tags:
- Sbf
- naked
- rope
- nipple
- gag
- mast
- cons
- X
---

I have been a bondage lover for many years. But as many of us self-bondage
lovers know, it can be hard to find a partner. Therefore, self-bondage
commences as it does with so many of you. And it was great, but like usual
again, it gets boring eventually. I’m also an exhibitionist, in that I
like to be naked in public and show off. I’ve been streaking since high
school.

I’m now 26, dark haired woman, and am single in my own apartment. That
means I get lots of practice in “the arts,” if you know what I mean ;)
. I have size C breasts, pretty good if I do say so myself. I love to show
em off. I’m pretty thin too.

When I go dry on ideas, I either try something outdoors, or go online.
For this particular occasion, I found a fun one to experiment with. It’s
called the Arm-Leg tie, and I’ve heard it can be very difficult: just what
I was looking for. Pictures can be found at [http://www.selfbound.net/tech/armlegtie.html](https://selfbound.net/tech/armlegtie.html) , if you want to understand or try for yourself.

I started by calling my friend Natasha, like I always do for my self-bondage
adventures, and asked her if she wanted to go bar-hopping tonight. She
said she’d come by at 8:00 tonight, and it was 4:00 now. That gave me 4
hours to “play.”

I began by pulling out the rope. I have a stash hidden under my bed.
This was ¼ inch cotton rope... soft, but knottable. I love to use
this all the time, it’s perfect. Then I took my “special cutting knife”
(the one I use for all my ropes, because it had ridges in it for cutting,
not slicing!), and carried it across my apartment with me.

I stood up against the glass window and peered outside at the house
next door. They were one floor below my apartment, but could still see my
deck from the second story. I’m sure they’ve seen me walking around my
house nude like I usually do (and was then), which is actually exciting
to me. But my bondage lifestyle was very personal, and being seen in my
tie would not be something I’d want to experience. This was thrilling even
more, strange as that may seem. Being an exhibitionist is great :) .

I didn’t see anyone outside, so I quickly slid open my door and stepped
outside. I looked up and around, looking for other apartment’s decks to
see if anybody else was outside. In my state of undress, I had to be very
wary. The coast was clear, so I quickly set the knife on the floor of the
deck and slipped back inside, leaving the door open enough for me to get
through. Then I would be taking a chance to get seen while receiving my
escape. It’s so thrilling that way.

I then went back into my bedroom and got ready to try this new tie.
Self-bondage is best done nude I think, but there are always exceptions.
Today wasn’t one of them. I took some gags from my box. None of them seemed
good for the occasion. So instead of a conventional gag, I just took some
duct tape and a pair of my favorite panties. I rolled up the panties and
stuffed them in my mouth. They didn’t fit too well, as I have a small mouth
(I guess). Then I just covered my mouth with a fat strip of duct tape,
securing my mouth shut. With the panties in there I couldn’t push the tape
off with my tongue. I attempted a scream... not very loud. It was adequate
for this tie.

For this bondage, I would be curled in a ball. I tied a rope coil around
each leg, leaving just barely enough slack to fit my arms through. It was
perfect, because I like my bondage reeeeal tight ;) . Then I got some more
rope and started to tie my feet. Around each ankle, a couple times. Of
course I ran the rope in between my ankles too to wrap around the rope,
making it super tight. I tried to wiggle my feet apart or out: impossible.
I brought the excess rope up behind me, just a few inches. I didn’t even
need the ring device. I prepared my wrist coil, which was already made
perfect from earlier occasions. It’s well worn in and measured to be perfect
for my slender wrists.

I was about ready to finish myself off, when I made a last minute decision.
I thought this tie seemed really easy (oh how wrong I was), so I thought
I could pull my arms away from my legs too much. So I pulled out some of
my favorite nipple clamps: the ones with the dial on them for increased
pain. They’re little metal ones, with the dial on one side and the clamp
on the other. So simple, yet so wonderful. So controlling ;) .

I took some
tooth floss, and tied it firmly around the dial end of each. Then I measured
it right so that when I was hunched over, I could tie one nipple to my
opposite side big toe. The floss would run right between my thighs, and
hold my breasts close to my feet. That would keep me from pulling my feet
down. I didn’t quite put them on yet, I wasn’t quite ready. I checked my
wrist coil: good. The loop to my ankles: good. I looked out at my deck:
door was open. I could even see my knife. It was about 20 feet away: across
my living room and out the door. I was sitting in the door between my bedroom
and living room.

Okay, here goes! I had to act quickly before I chickened out. I took
the clamps and put them on one at a time: 7/10 torture level. I twisted
them on quickly and flinched in marvelous pain. Then I hunched over and
thrusted my arms through my leg coils like in the picture, and reached
back. When I did this, my legs went together, which put pressure on the
floss, which tugged at my toes and tits... oh so good.

I put the wrist coil through the ankle loop, put my hands in, and before
I could change my mind, twisted and pulled forward. I was already lifting
my toes up as much as possible to minimize pull on my tits, so when the
momentum went forward so swiftly, I rolled over my toes and onto my knees
and the side of my face. “@!&#!” I screamed, which came out “HUMF!”
My knees drove into my chest, which squished my tits into maximum pain.
I think I started to tear immediately. I thought quickly, which turned
out to be a bad thing, and rolled off my face and knees. I laid there on
my side, knees in my chest, arms around my body backwards, tied to my feet.

For me, some of the best part of bondage is the struggling. I started
to test all my bonds, tugging with my ankles and wrists. Nothing, just
a little bit of tug at my tits. Damn they hurt bad. Maybe I should have
stuck with 3/10. I laid there exhausted already. I looked up and looked
at my open door. There’s that knife... so far away though. I started to
get a little hot now, but couldn't even get near touching myself. Everything
was around my pussy, but couldn’t reach myself in any way. It was horrible,
yet so teasing. Great.

If I wanted relief, I needed to start moving. I rolled with my legs.
All I had to do was throw my weight in the only direction I could, which
was very luckily towards the door. I managed to throw my weight over my
legs, and roll over my chest again. OUCH! I immediately started to regret
the nipple clamps. I had moved about 3 feet in one roll, but had totally
drained my energy. My wrists even started to hurt now, but my pussy said
“more! more!”

But more was a long way away. I shuffled a bit, then threw another roll
towards the door. OUCH again, but more progress. I was about ¼ of
the way across the room now. I was so excited that my nipples were pointy,
and with the pointyness came more pain. It was so hard to roll without
pulling on my toes at all. I relaxed my toes, and the pain was really slow
but definite in my tits. This would be so easy without the clamps.

Sometimes I am just stupid about these things. It’s the heat that gets
me ;) .

About this time I fell asleep from exhaustion. I woke up to a bird outside
my open door. It was perched on the railing, looking at me. It soon flew
away, and I came into realization of my predicament. It was DARK outside!
Natasha would be by soon, and she didn’t know about my bondage lifestyle
yet. I couldn’t see a clock, so I just threw my weight at the door and
managed to roll more. The pain soon reminded me of the difficulty of this
task. Then my pussy woke up, and made me moan to touch myself. But I had
to go on. Roll. Roll. Roll.

This took a surprising amount of energy, and time actually, and I knew
anytime Natasha would be by. I was almost to the door when I heard my phone
ring. “Oh no! Probably her, saying she’s on her way!!!” And sure enough,
she announced she would be by in 10 minutes. I about lost it, but I was
so close!!!.One more roll put me through the door and the pain about killed
me. My tits had to be blue by now, and my toes were so tired from sticking
up so much.

I fumbled my fingers for the knife. I lost it for half a second, but
quickly placed it again. I sawed at the ropes quickly. I poked myself in
the heel a few times, but I didn’t care. I wanted up. I had underestimated
the armleg tie.

Soon my heels were free, and soon my hands. And the best part was my
tits... oooh they hurt. I temporarily forgot Natasha’s soon arrival, as
I stood on my deck naked rubbing my tits. I bent over and picked up the
cut rope, knife and clamps, and ran inside. As I turned to close my door,
I noticed somebody next door turning on a light and walking into their bedroom
upstairs. If I was 5 seconds later I’m sure he would have noticed me.

I ran into my bedroom and hid all my stuff back under my bed and put
the knife away. I stood there for about 2 seconds wondering what to do
next. Then I heard my pussy screaming at me again, “Down here!!!”

I dove
into a very quick masturbation, which was very easy to do, with all that
horniness built up ;) . Just as I was done I heard Natasha’s key in the
lock of my door turn. I ran into my room and closed the door. I threw on
some clothes on the floor (much to my disappointment) and went back into
the living room, finding Natasha on my couch watching TV.

“I was just in
the bathroom,” I claimed. She said OK, and we proceeded to a great night
of drinking with some hot guys (after I changed into something suitable,
of course ;)

Looking back, this was a great bondage session, but I should have turned
down the clamps. I was so tired that night, and slept veeery well. There’s
actually a moral or two to this session: NEVER underestimate a new position,
and NEVER make last minute decisions for your bondage.

I got lucky... very
lucky. -Natalie

2001
