---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Girls Game Night
authors:
- nightgerbil
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- bond
- rope
- toys
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-08-09 00:00:00
---

### Part 2

It had been two weeks since I had been beaten by Kasia at chess. Last week I’d faced off against Hanna and beaten her handily. The rules of the games night are that each girl gets to choose a game for the month and then has to play the first game of the night against the others. The loser of that first match up will be tied up for the rest of the evening.

Hanna had been amused when the dice had shown she was up against me and to nobody's surprise I had won the match. Tying her to the sun lounger I’d got to experience her heckling my knots. “Look I’m not as good at shibari as you, ok?” I complained, prompting laughter from the others. After my time at Claire's hands I’d resolved to be more compassionate and especially given this was my best friend I was determined to ensure she had fun.

As I finished up the last of my knots she’d winked at me as I carefully folded up her clean panties and eased them into her mouth. The small 1.75” ball gag that slipped in behind her teeth followed. Looking up at Claire and Alison, “Well? Run along children! Go play!”. Claire just laughed while Alison gave me a worried look, eyes darting between myself and Hanna.

“Marie you're going to be gentle with her right? Please be gentle” Gazing at me with those big eyes of hers, I swear I saw tears forming. What the heck?

I stepped into her and gave her a big hug. “Of course I will, darling. I promise, I whispered in her ear. Looking over her shoulder I locked eyes with Claire, who nodded to me.

“Come along sweetie,” she had said, tugging Alison's arm, “let's leave them to it. You have to practice before next week! It's your turn then, remember?”

I pulled up a chair and sat down next to Hanna, watching the girls set up the board. “You know I think she's got a crush on you hun.” I let a hand slide across Hanna’s smooth stomach. “She's so sweet, cute and innocent. It's a shame really what I’m going to have to do to her next week isn’t it?”

Turning and meeting Hanna’s gaze I almost recoiled from the heat of the glare. The furious anger in her eyes, that beautiful dancing of flames. The mental scream of “don’t you fucking dare”. Maybe it's just the brat in me, but I giggled at her and in the face of her rage and whispered in her ear, “how are you going to stop me all tied up like this?”

She’d bucked then, straining against my ropes. This was new for both of us, I’d never seen Hanna let anyone tie her up before. She's very much a Dom with a capital D. I took my time letting my hands wander around her body as she fought against it. Finally slumping down panting, body glistening with sweat she had glared up at me with the cutest expression of helpless rage.

Leaning in, I kissed her forehead and whispered in her ear; “Shame on you. You’ve known me since we were two years old holding hands together at the park. When was the last time you ever saw me knowingly hurt someone, hmm? And no teasing you into spanking me doesn’t count.”

I looked into her eyes again and saw a grudging acceptance. She still looked pissed off, but the anger was fading. “Well shall we begin?” I giggled at her. I had thought to myself about this a lot, what to do with her. I had ruled out any kind of nipple clamps of course; never again! It seemed a shame to break the alphabet tradition though and so I settled into that.

As I knelt down between her legs I wasn’t surprised to see she wasn’t wet yet. It was all closed up down there, so I took a minute to just nibble around her outer labia. She’d flinched away from my mouth, but otherwise wasn’t really reacting. It took some teasing, coaxing and finally my fingers to warm her up and expose that big clit of hers to my warm breath. Breathing deeply on it I noticed the lack of reaction with dismay. This was going to be hard.

I settled into my favorite game of writing an alphabet on her clitoris with my tongue. Dotting I’s, crossing T’s. I was waiting for the reaction, the clit getting hard, the pussy getting wet and the moans through the gag. I hadn’t gotten a thing after 3 rounds of it so I stopped.

I looked up to her then, sighed and climbed up onto her body straddling her stomach. Cupping her breasts into my hands, I moved my face close to hers, noses almost touching and looked into her eyes; “You ok hun?” I asked. My eyes searched hers for any clue of how she was, but I couldn’t read her. “ARE YOU OK?” I asked again. No response.

At the sound of my raised voice the girls came over and a distraught cute little Alison had wailed “What did you do to her?” shoving at me.

That got a reaction from Hanna, but for the life of me I couldn’t explain it. I shot a worried look at Claire and said, “right I’m calling this.” Claire nodded at me and together we untied Hanna.

I held her in my arms with a big hug and started whispering in her ear, just repeating that she was ok, that I loved her, she was safe. Suddenly I was shoved off away from her. As my eyes widened with surprise she slapped my face. Hard. “How dare you untie me!” she yelled. I started to cry, this was so unlike her. I’d never known her to actually hit me in anger. Sure we had fought before as girls, hair pulling and grappling. Not as adults though, not like this.

As I stroked my reddening cheek tears in my eyes, Hanna had stood up and pointed at Claire. “Tie me up again,” she demanded.

Claire looked over at me and Hanna shouted, “Don’t you dare look at her. Do as you're told.”

I cried quietly to myself watching a subdued Claire retie and re-gag Hanna while an appalled Alision had looked on, her eyes flicking between them and I.

With Hanna restrained again, Claire came to me and with a gentle hug said, “Want to play Marie? Let's play you and me.”

I sniffled and shook my head. “Alison needs practice. I got this.”

I nodded at Alison, “Don’t worry, I’d never hurt her. I would never hurt you either. I hope you know that hun.” Alison gave me a hug then and I cried a little into her shoulder. With a stroke of my cheek she’d turned wordlessly away back to her game with Claire.

I climbed back on top of Hanna then, straddling her. I was still crying as I looked at her, seeing the anger in her eyes. “I’m sorry Hanna,” I sobbed, “I’m sorry. I don’t know what to do.” I laid on top of her, letting my head nestle onto her shoulder. I held her tight as I cried myself to sleep.

It was later in the evening when I was gently shaken awake by Claire and we untied Hanna. She hadn’t looked at me as she got dressed and left. “Are you ok sweetie?” Claire asked me.

“I don’t know what I did,” was my sad reply. Then I went home and cried myself to sleep again.

So that was last week. Now I was facing them all again. Work had kept me busy and apart from a few worried texts from Alison (bless her heart) I’d not heard from the others. This hurt me alot, I’d been having pretty much daily conversations with Hanna since we were small children. I’d never gone this long without talking to her before.

I spent a lot of time getting ready for tonight. Hanna’s got a thing for braids, so I washed my hair and rubbed in some light mouse to prep it. I put my hair in her favorite style of four dutch braids, two on the top of my head starting from the front with two starting at the tip of my ears and going back into the main braids, which hung down over each shoulder in front.

She always liked the colour green, so that's my eyeshadow and lip paint tonight. I put on a white blouse and a short green skirt and I tied a green scarf around my neck. I packed my dildo in my hand bag and wearing a fresh pair of (green!) panties I headed off to Claires for the game night.

Arriving at Claire’s, I discovered I was last here and they had clearly started without me. A bottle of wine on the table was nearly empty and the conversation was very apparently interrupted. “Hi!” I said, which seemed to provoke discomfort from the room. *Ok*, I thought to myself, *this isn’t gonna happen. I’m going to face this head on.* “Do we have a problem girls?” I demanded. “Let me know: I can just leave.”

Claire snorted at me. “Princess Marie has arrived!” and I just giggled at her. “Yes I am here!” I announced grandly, “I have done nothing wrong! Princesses don’t do time for crimes they didn't commit! No naughty corner for me!”

Watching them all smile and laugh broke the ice and as I settled down into a seat a smiling Claire handed me a glass of wine. “Glad you could make it,” she smirked.

We chatted for a while, laughing at each other's weeks and I really relaxed. It felt good to be with my friends again, especially after this last week feeling so alone.I kept looking at Hanna hoping for something, anything. Just a smile or a comment about my hair, but she didn’t react and It made me want to cry. I still don’t understand what I did to hurt her.

I locked it down though and we got to talking about Claire's new boyfriend. He sounded cute and funny. Listening to Claire talk about it, laughing with her and teasing her a little we really bonded. “When are you getting a man of your own, sweetie?” she cooed at me. “Want me to ask Collin if he has a single friend?”

I laughed and was about to reply, then I caught Hanna’s eye again and saw a dead-eyed stare.

I shifted uncomfortably under Hanna’s gaze and Claire picked up on it. She just reached over to me and gripped my left arm wordlessly. I smiled gratefully back at her; *at least she doesn’t hold grudges!* The conversation continued for a while, but eventually though it was time for the games to begin and it was Alison's turn to challenge me.

Settling in opposite her I was surprised to see Hanna stand behind her and place her hands on her shoulders. Her eyes met mine with the laser focus of a cruise missile's targeting system and the message was equally clear. Suddenly nervous, I broke eye contact.

The game went as I expected. A primitive attempt at a sicilian defense, easily broken down as the sweet little Alison can’t see knight moves and how they can fuck her up. It was kind of sad really, made worse by how she had tried so hard. I felt guilty honestly. I could have spent the last three weeks teaching her instead of sexually torturing people / being sexually tortured. *I’m really a selfish slut aren’t I?*

As I reluctantly declared checkmate, the others sprung into action. It was VERY clear I wasn’t going to be playing with Alison and honestly, I was fine with that. I just watched sipping my wine as they stripped her. She started crying as they tied her up, but as they started to gag her she became hysterical. Crying away, pleading, apologising.

I watched Hanna try to reassure her, stroking her head and murmuring to her in her ear. It brought back to me a flood of memories of all the times she had been there for me. I felt my own tears forming. Watching Hanna I wanted to scream. *I can’t take this. I can’t take this,* the thought just pounded in my mind. *I'm not ok with this.*

“ENOUGH,” I said. They all turned to look at me and Hanna’s eyes burned through me like a tachyon lance on a Star Destroyer. I stomped forward. “Alison, sweety… would you like to nominate a champion?”

Alison blinked up at me. “A champion?”

“Yeah. Like in the stories. The princess has a champion who fights for her. You're a princess right Alison? Would you like to nominate a champion? I volunteer.” I locked eyes on Hanna and just stared into them.

It was like the room froze. Then everything happened at once. Alison started babbling her gratitude, Claire hugged me and started to untie her while Hanna looked at me like she had never seen me before in her life. I grabbed her arm and hauled her away into a corner.

“You selfish bitch,” she whispered angrily.

“Oh shut the fuck up!” I replied, “I don’t know what the fuck’s wrong with you and right now I don’t care. I’m tired of hurting the people I love and watching them suffer. Since when was this shit supposed to not be fun?”

“Rich from you!” came the angry reply, but I shut that down, talking over her.

“Yeah I was wrong! I was wrong! What I did to Claire was wrong!” Looking her hard in the eyes. Seeing the fire, I should have been afraid, but I’d bottled this up all week. “I’m sorry I let you down. I’m sorry I've hurt you. I don’t know how, but I know I did. Please forgive me Hanna. I’m sorry. This isn’t about that though. Alison is scared. She's not like us. I’m not going to let this happen to her!”

I saw something change in Hanna's eyes and they grew thoughtful. I turned back to the room and saw Alison gazing at me with grateful eyes. Claire just pointed to the lounger, so I handed over my bag with my dildo inside and began to undress. Hanna just stared at me the whole time as the girls tied me up, our eyes never breaking contact.

“Ok Marie,” Alison said nervously, “I’ll do my best!” holding up my dildo. *Oh bless her, she's so cute,* I thought as Claire gagged me. Hanna wrapped an arm around her and locked eyes with me again and kissed her cheek. “Go play with Claire darling. I got this.” Slapping her ass, she pushed her towards the chessboard and looked at me.

I’ve seen Hanna happy, seen her sad. I’ve seen her angry and held her as she cried when she split up with her first boyfriend. I know her better than I know myself (which isn’t saying much to be honest). I still couldn’t read her mind though as she sat down next to me and laid a hand on my forehead. “Penance, Marie? Is that what this is? Are you asking for forgiveness? Or demanding it?”

All I could do was mmph at her.
