---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Going Home 2: Patience is the Key'
authors:
- Madhatter815
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- padlocks
- naked
- stuck
- F/f
- tease
- reluct/ cons
- X
date: 2013-05-09 00:00:00
---

Please visit my blog for Amanda’s Information/CG representation (under adult fiction) or to get the latest information about the new collectible card game **Solo Bound Female** at [http://madhatter815.blogspot.com](http://madhatter815.blogspot.com/). Thank you. Continued from [part one](goinghome.html)

**Part 2: Patience is the Key**

When last we left Amanda, she was naked with her wrists cuffed behind her back and her ankles similarly locked together. She recently discovered that her keys were outside; they were in her skirt pocket and now her skirt was drying in the warm summer breeze. To make matters worse, her spare keys were still in the trunk of her car which was inconveniently parked out in front of the house. What’s a girl to do?

“What part of any day but Monday did you not understand?” Sarah asked.

“I know. I know. But it’s not my fault,” Amanda answered. She began telling Sarah all about looking for the keys and how both sets of them were outside. After she finished, there was a silence. “Sarah, are you still there?”

Amanda thought she might have lost the call but it didn’t look like it. After a brief moment, she heard a snickering sound. “Are you… are you laughing!?” Amanda asked a little irritated.

“Oh, come on. That’s funny. You said you had a foolproof plan for the week. Then you’re thwarted by your mom being super anal about neatness. And just like that your genius plan is undone. And the best part is this almost sounds like it could have been part of your plan in the first place,” Sarah explained, giggling throughout.

“I really don’t find it that funny,” Amanda responded, confused by the reaction. “Can you come over or not?”

“Look,” Sarah replied, clearing her throat and getting serious. “If I could come over to help, I wouldn’t have told you today was off limits, now would I?”

“So, what should I do?” Amanda asked.

“Well, it sounds like you could either wait until my flight lands tonight or take your chances and make a break for the clothesline… or your car. You know, whichever sounds more exciting.”

“When does your plane get in?” Amanda asked, almost afraid to ask.

“I should be back at around 10PM, your time. Probably add an hour or two for travel between the airport and your parent’s place,” Sarah replied, thoughtfully.

Amanda turned to see the microwave clock behind her. It was a quarter past noon. She then turned back toward her phone lying on the counter. “That’s about twelve hours,” she complained. “What am I supposed to do for twelve hours?”
“Well, you could watch TV, take a nap, or do some choirs like you had originally planned,” Sarah said.

“I hate TV and I’m not tired,” Amanda stated, as if in protest. “And how exactly do you expect me to do choirs like this?” Amanda looked down her stark frame, shaking her head.

“Well, why don’t you read me the list? I’m sure there’s something you could get done. Even if it takes all day,” Sarah suggested. Amanda hopped over to the other end of the kitchen counter, opposite where she had put her phone down on speaker. She began reading the note from her mom.

“Dear Sweetheart. If you get a chance blah, blah, blah,” Amanda read aloud. “Ah, here we go. Let’s see. Bring in the laundry.”
”Oh, well there you go. Start there and your problem’s solved,” Sarah immediately interjected with a snicker. Amanda glared annoyingly at her phone, as if Sarah could tell.

“Ha, ha. You’re so helpful,” Amanda replied. She looked back to the note and continued. “Wash the bathroom and kitchen floors. Vacuum. Dishes. Sort out some of my old junk in the basement.”
”Does it really say that?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“I’m abridging a bit. But, yeah, that’s pretty much it,” Amanda said with a sigh.

“Oh, that’s nothing. You could totally clean the floors and vacuum like that. In fact, I bet you’ll love it,” Sarah pointed out.

“I guess,” Amanda replied. “It’d take forever. Plus, I don’t want to be so sore that I can’t enjoy the rest of the week.”

“So take lots of breaks and do the best you can,” Sarah suggested. “And if you get bored you could always go for a walk or invite some of the neighbors over.” Her sarcasm was far from subtle.

“You’re loving this, aren’t you?” Amanda asked, already knowing the answer.

“Well, duh,” Sarah replied. “Look. I gotta go. Do the best you can.”

“Okay,” Amanda said, half-heartedly. This was not her idea of a productive afternoon.

“Oh, and don’t do anything stupid. I don’t want you to get hurt,” Sarah said in a serious tone.

This brought a much needed smile to Amanda’s face. “I won’t.”

“Good. I’ll see you tonight and I’ll be sure to make it worth the wait. See ya,” Sarah said quickly, hanging up the phone.

“Wait!” Amanda tried to stop her. “Worth it how?” It was no use as she was already gone. Amanda tried to call her back but it went straight to voicemail.

Amanda didn’t know whether she should be excited or worried. Knowing Sarah, it should probably be both. Sarah knew exactly what Amanda liked. The problem is, she also knew how to push Amanda’s buttons just enough without upsetting or hurting her. Either way, Amanda didn’t want to think about it too much since it was getting her aroused and she couldn’t do much about it short of humping a bedpost. The fact that such a thought even crossed her mind meant she really needed to busy herself with other things. As if on cue, her stomach growled. “Oh, yeah,” Amanda realized. “Breakfast. Or is it lunch now?”

Regardless of the meal, Amanda was hungry. It wasn’t so much a matter of what she ate but more an issue of how. She tried to tackle it systematically. First, decide what her physical limitations were relative to access in the kitchen what with her hands pinned to her lower back and her ankles locked together. Then, get whatever she can reach and figure out how to use it.

She started by checking every drawer, cabinet, and shelf she could think of. As expected, her options were limited. She noticed that she could reach at least half of the items in the pantry and just about everything in the bottom kitchen cabinets. She took stock of what options she had from there. The microwave was too high and she wouldn’t dare go anywhere near the oven. That meant something uncooked. She went to the pantry and grabbed the peanut butter. She stretched and pulled a loaf of bread down with her teeth, knocking it to the floor. She knelt down and picked it up with her free hand. She placed them both on the dining room table and went back to the kitchen. Next, she reached into the utensil’s drawer and took out a butter knife. Before heading all the way back into the kitchen, she opened the fridge and took a peek.

“Ah ha,” she said as she saw the grape jelly well within reach. She turned around and stuck her hands out toward the jar. The cold air in the fridge felt good, albeit a little strange on her bare bottom.

“Success!” she exclaimed. A smile crept across her face. She really was enjoying this. It almost made her forget how hungry she was.

Before closing the fridge, she bent down a little further to grab a bottle of water. She yelped and jumped in reflex as her upper thighs touched the cold shelf. She lowered herself back down, now aware of touching the cold surface and grabbed a bottle. She estimated that at least four more were close enough to grab in exactly the same manner. That should be more than enough while she waited for Sarah to show up.

Now holding a jar of jelly and a knife in one hand and a bottle of water in the other, Amanda got back to her feet and shuffled forward. She slyly bumped the refrigerator door closed with her bottom, grinning from ear to ear. It closed with ease and she made her way to the dining room.

She put all the items together on the table. She reached forward and grabbed a napkin from the center of the table with her mouth. Well, it wasn’t so much a napkin as it was about four of them, knocking the rest out of the napkin holder as she moved. Dropping the ‘napkin’ in front of her, she spun around and began making her meal. She looked over her shoulder to see what she was doing. She started by opening the bread and taking out two slices. She placed them (mostly) on one of the napkins and reached for the peanut butter jar. It was new and opened with ease. She then grabbed the knife and tried to spread the peanut butter on the bread. She tried to cover the bread as best she could but all of her hand motions were backwards, throwing off her coordination. Eventually, she got the bread mostly coated.

Next she went for the jelly. It was much harder to open but the lid eventually popped. She regretted only grabbing one knife as she dipped the peanut butter knife into the jar. She poorly spread the jelly onto the other slice of bread. She then put the knife down and awkwardly flipped the peanut butter side onto the jelly side. She shrugged. “Eh, good enough.”

She opened the bottle of water but immediately realized that she had no good way to drink it. She thought about pouring it in a bowl and lapping it up but that would be far too tedious to drink. Instead, she went back to the kitchen and pulled out a bendable straw. Before heading back to the dining room, she looked at the clock. It was almost one. She had spent over half an hour just making a sandwich. “Maybe twelve hours won’t drag by after all,” she told herself.

Back in the dining room, she bent the straw and placed it into the bottle. She then carefully lowered herself to her knees. Her shoulders were even with the top of the table. It was a perfect position to reach the sandwich and bottle. She leaned forward and lifted the sandwich with her tongue and took a bite. It might have just been a peanut butter and jelly sandwich but it was one of the most rewarding things she had ever eaten. She sipped some water and swallowed.

After finishing her meal, she stood up, feeling more than satisfied. She took a deep breath. “If I could do that, why can’t I do all that other stuff?” she asked herself. With a renewed sense of energy, she headed back to the kitchen to see about doing some housework.

Amanda had little trouble grabbing the cleaner from under the sink. She immediately went to work on the kitchen counter. It was such a poor job but she no longer seemed to care. She started singing a song, taking the time to thoroughly enjoy her predicament.

After the counters were done, she went to work on the floors. She squated the whole time as she would hop backwards to clean them. It was actually quite a waste, she would soon realize, since her feet were filthy from the basement and she was walking on the part she had already cleaned. She’d try to correct this approach while cleaning the bathroom.

It took almost four hours to ‘clean’ the bathroom and kitchen. “Well,” she determined. “Since I did a lousy job then I shouldn’t worry about making a mess later, now should I?” The thought of her weeklong adventures were getting her excited again and she realized that she needed another mundane distraction.

Switching to the vacuum was a disaster but she tried anyway. She found that her mom’s bulky old vacuum was completely unreasonable to work with in her present state. That didn’t stop her from spending a couple hours trying, though. In the end, the carpets were so poorly done that it made the kitchen and bathroom look fairly impressive by comparison.

After six hours of grueling, ultimately futile cleaning, Amanda needed a break. She ate another sandwich and drank some more water. Then she went into the living room. It was only half passed eight but she was spent. It didn’t take long for her to fall asleep.

\* \* \* \*

Amanda awoke with a jump as she felt a light tickling sensation on the arch of her foot. “Wakey, wakey sleepyhead,” Sarah said kneeling beside her.

Amanda felt stiff. Her shoulders and legs were quite sore after such a long day. “I see you found the spare house key,” Amanda responded casually. She pulled on her cuffs. “I also see you didn’t find my key.”

“All in due time. Come on. Let’s go,” Sarah said, slapping Amanda lightly on the side. Amanda slowly got to a seated position and let out a long yawn. She then stood up and followed Sarah into the kitchen.

Amanda watched from the window as Sarah went through the sliding glass doors, toward the clothes line at the back of the yard. She disappeared among the clothes for a minute only to quickly pop out and hold her hand in the air. It looked as though she had found the keys.

Amanda shuffled to the open glass door and watched Sarah head back toward the house. Sarah stopped suddenly and did something next to the patio table. It was dark so Amanda couldn’t tell what she was doing. Sarah then reentered the house empty handed. Amanda looked confused.

“I placed your keys on the table,” Sarah said, pointing to the table barely 10 feet away. “I figured you could go get them from here.”
Amanda looked at Sarah with great suspicion. “Did you really just put my keys out on the table?”

“Yes, I did,” she answered, acting like she was insulted by the question. Still, Amanda was hesitant. Sarah sighed and continued. “Look. I guarantee that once you have those keys… the one’s right there on the table, you can get yourself free.”

Amanda looked out into the darkness, still skeptical. She could certainly see some keys on the table. She looked at Sarah one last time. Sarah was looking as innocent as ever and she held up her hand. “I’m serious. Have I ever lied to you?”

Amanda knew that Sarah pulled a lot of fast ones. She played tricks on Amanda all the time but she had never actually lied to her. Amanda didn’t seem to know what to do. “If I may point out,” Sarah stated, sensing Amanda’s hesitation. “It’s almost one in the morning and I’m certainly not getting that key so either get it or don’t. It’s not my problem.”

Amanda stared at Sarah but she knew that a test of willpower would favor Sarah every time. Reluctantly, Amanda stepped out into the night air. The breeze was cool on her skin and she felt more exposed than ever. There were no fences between the houses but there was no sign that anyone was around either. Still, Amanda didn’t want to take any chances. She hustled as best she could to the table, reached behind her and grabbed… “My car keys?”

Sarah stood in the doorway, smiling. “Yep. Your spare key is in your trunk. I said you could get yourself free if you had the keys I put on the table. Now you just need to get to your car.”

“But I…,” Amanda started and then paused when she realized how loud she was. She continued in a whisper. “I can’t go out front.”

“Why not?” Sarah asked, feigning ignorance.
“Because I parked under a lamp post. I’d be completely exposed,” Amanda protested, now in a loud whisper. She looked around nervously.

“So, you’re okay back here but not out front because there’s a light?” Sarah asked.

“First off, I’m not okay back here. But yes, I’m more okay here than in the light out front,” Amanda responded, starting to move for the door.

Sarah casually closed the door. She then closed the curtain, walked over to the kitchen window, and opened it. Amanda tried to open the sliding door but it was locked. “So, if the only reason back here is better than out there is because of the light,” Sarah said slowly, causing Amanda to worry. Suddenly, the porch light came on. “Then if I turn the light on back here, you have no excuse.”

Sarah closed the window, leaving Amanda alone in stunned silence.

**End Part 2**

**To the reader**: There’s plenty more story to come. I’m still trying to gage my audience. Please let me know if you like details (i.e. Amanda makes a sandwich) or if you prefer generalizations (i.e. Amanda cleans the house). Personally, I like a mix of both but I’d love to hear what you think. Let me know in the forum or at my blog and I’ll try to keep your comments in mind going forward. Thanks.
