---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leon City Stories
authors:
- TheLargeEmpty
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- latex
- majick
- bagged
- enclosed
- vore
- soft
- catsuit
- bond
- rope
- armbinder
- legbinder
- collar
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-08-16 00:00:00
---

### 32: Normal Girl Falls Into Magical Traps

“Celine, I would like to remind you that I need assistance with the inventory in the attic,” said Chloe, tapping on a clipboard with blank lists. She was wearing athletic shoes and comfortable black leggings, as well as a white spandex shirt with the C&T logo on it. Her boss gave her a sideways glance as she was busy analyzing data and needed to concentrate.

“Chloe, can't you do that another day? I have a few things to do…”

“No, I can't! Ever since you gave me this assignment and I took a quick look, I've been hearing a ticking noise coming from the attic. It's haunted or something, and I don't want the roof to explode while I'm sleeping! Can't you just come with me and…”

“I can't do that,” Celine interrupted, putting her own clipboard aside.

 “Caitlyn is complaining of a headache, and I have to get to the bottom of it. Something was wrong at the event, and I have to find out what.”

Chloe's mouth twisted. Of course, she didn't want to appear ungrateful for the job, and she certainly didn't want to be inconsiderate. Nevertheless, she crossed her arms in front of her chest.

“Can you at least tell me what's up there?”

Celine frowned. “Well… um, a lot… but no bombs or anything that could kill you.”

“Very reassuring,” Chloe commented sarcastically.

“I… look, Rilliana just dumped a bunch of stuff from all over the world up there, in addition to the few things I already had there. I promise you that tomorrow…”

“Celiiiiiiine…”

The witch groaned loudly and annoyedly.

“Look, I…” Celine began, but stopped when she saw her stepsister Trisha shuffling past the door to her lab, yawning. “TRISHA!”

The cat shifter came back and poked her head out from behind the door. Her tired eyes were fixed on her sister and Chloe.

“What's up?” the cat girl asked curtly, as if she just wanted to get to bed as quickly as possible.

“Chloe here needs to take inventory of all the magical artifacts we dumped in her attic. I expect you to help her!”

Trisha looked at Chloe, who shrugged helplessly.

“Can't you do it yourself?”

“I'm afraid I'll explode…”

“Justified fear,” Trisha commented, “Well, unfortunately, I'm a little tired and I have the day off, so…”

“I'd be very grateful if you could spare me some of your time,” Chloe said quickly before Trisha could leave, “I'd feel a lot safer if someone like you was watching out for me.”

“Someone like me?”

“Well… a magician?”

“We definitely don't hang out enough. I can't do magic, unlike my esteemed stepsister,” Trisha explained, pouting.

“Oh… then, um, maybe I'll wait. Not that something might happen…” Chloe began, but was interrupted by Trisha.

“Wow, wow, wow, wow! I'm just as helpful as Celine, just so we're clear!”

“Well…”

“Celine, shut up! Fine! I'll come with you and make sure nothing… bad… happens to you!” Trisha said harshly and walked back to the front door. Chloe looked nervously at Celine.

“Did I say something wrong?”

“Nah, Trisha's just a little annoyed that she can't sleep now. She works late and actually has completely different tasks than you. Besides, magic is always a hot topic in our house,” Celine said, waving it off, “but she should be able to handle things up there just as well as I or Rilliana.”

Chloe nodded, but inside she was in a complete panic.

“Well, then… I'll be off,” she said stiffly and followed Trisha to her little house.

“You've really made something nice out of that old shack,” Trisha commented as she walked through the living room with her hands behind her head, her tail swaying slightly from side to side. She paid particular attention to the soft white couch and the mermaid-themed cushions on it.

“Um, thanks…” Chloe muttered and nervously closed the door behind her. “Shall we go upstairs?”

Chloe turned around, but Trisha had disappeared.

“Trisha?”

“Living room.”

Chloe went into the room where the cat girl had already made herself comfortable on the sofa.

“What are you doing? The attic is upstairs.”

“Yep. Where attics are usually,” Trisha confirmed.

“Then why are you lying down?”

“I'm tired.”

“I know, but didn't you say…”

“I said I'd make sure nothing bad happened to you. I know there's nothing dangerous up there, sooooo… good night.”

“Trisha, come on. I'm really worried and…” Chloe started again, but was interrupted once more.

“I'll tell you what. You let me sleep, and if you need me, just yell.”

Chloe stared at her in disbelief.

“You're not serious.”

“Oh yes, I am. I really don't feel like doing inventory, but hey, if anything happens, I'll be right there. Don't worry.”

Chloe's mouth fell open and suddenly she had a hunch why her little sister had been so obnoxious lately. Kim had apparently been hanging out with the cat girl a little too long and picked up a thing or two from her. Chloe licked her lips to tell Trisha what she thought, but instead she groaned and gave up. Alone and nervous, she went up the stairs and opened the hatch to the attic. A ladder folded out and clouds of dust immediately swirled down from the opening, giving Chloe goose bumps.

“It's like I'm in a horror movie,” Chloe muttered.

“Nah, don't exaggerate, Chloe. You haven't even gone up yet,” Trisha called up the stairs, and Chloe blinked.

“You heard that?”

“Sure. I have pretty good ears! Like I said, you don't have to worry,” Trisha called back, “now get up there! Hop to it!”

Chloe clenched her free hand into a fist and her arms began to tremble. But she bit her tongue to keep from saying the wrong thing and stomped up the stairs. When she reached the top, she pulled out a pen and smoothed out the list on her clipboard.

“So, where do we start…” Chloe muttered, flinching when she heard the ticking again. “Okay… it's just a clock or something… I don't need to worry.”

Chloe looked around with trembling fingers to see where the clock was, but her eyes remained fixed on a carpet lying in the middle of the room. At least Chloe thought it was a carpet, because all she could see was a black spot on the floor that seemed to suck in all the light in the attic.

“That wasn't there last time…” Chloe muttered, looking at her list, “Name/description… Pitch-black carpet. Spell/ability… Damn it, Celine, what am I supposed to say? Darker than black spell? Looks like a pitfall?

She bent down to the carpet and pressed carefully against the edge.

“Latex?” Chloe muttered, adding her observation to her list, “But thicker?”

She felt further and pressed her whole hand against it. It gave way, but Chloe couldn't feel the floor beneath it. In fact, she couldn't feel anything except the yielding latex under her hand, and suddenly she tipped forward. With her eyes wide open, she fell into the latex carpet, cursing. But only a short distance, because the latex stretched under her body weight and held her upside down, trapped like in a sack.

 She felt it getting tighter and tighter, and she could see the opening above her getting smaller and smaller until it was only fist-sized. “What the…” Chloe muttered, struggling against the latex, but she couldn't find any grip on the slippery, stretchy material. She struggled to turn herself around and panted loudly with the effort.

 But finally, she managed to sit up in the bag. Her feet sank deeper into the latex, and although she should have been closer to the opening, it still looked as far away as ever. Chloe stretched her hands up and tried to jump, but the latex simply stretched away beneath her and she couldn't build up any strength.

“Come on,” she growled, hammering the latex wall next to her face in frustration. She couldn't even press her fingers into the latex to tear it. She didn't really want to find out what would happen to her if she broke the artifact when she was supposed to be hanging through the ceiling and into Kim's room.

“Haaaaa…”

I didn't last a minute…“ Chloe muttered and exhaled deeply, ”TRISHA? I'm stuck!“

Chloe heard a loud groan and the cat girl stretching, then climbing the stairs.

”So Chloe, if you're messing with me to lure me upstairs, then… Where are you?“

”In the carpet."

“Carpet?”

“The huge black hole! In the middle of the room!”

“I have to disappoint you, Chloe, there's no carpet here… oh… now I see it. It's a rather small carpet,” said Trisha, and Chloe could hear her fumbling around in her pants, and a few moments later, the cat girl shone her cell phone down at Chloe.

“You found something fancy,” she called down.

“Can you just get me out of here?”

“Hold on,” Trisha said, laughing, and her cell phone flashed briefly, “I'll get you out and send this to Rilliana.”

“Haha.”

Trisha pulled the edge of the opening wider and wider. Chloe felt herself slowly gaining more space and finally rising above the ground. She crawled out of the hole and rolled to the side.

“What the hell is this?” Chloe asked.

“A latex pitfall trap or something? I think Rilliana told us about it once and I remembered how to get someone out of it,” Trisha explained, waving her tail slightly as she bent down and handed Chloe her clipboard. “So, I'm back down now. Don't try to collect all the traps. I'm tired.”

“Can't you…”

“No,” said Trisha with a friendly smile, squeezing the carpet until it was as small as a sheet of paper. “But I'll take this off you… and this?”

Trisha eyed a pink dollhouse the size of a suitcase on a dresser and frowned worriedly.

“What is that?”

“Something that could be considered dangerous and has given me a few nightmares. It's best not to touch it, and I'll ask Celine… to burn it or something. Just ignore it for now,” Trisha explained, giving the dollhouse a wide berth as if it were a bomb before heading down the stairs.

“Get on with it!” echoed up the stairs, which immediately drove Chloe back to boiling point. But her frustration was short-lived, as she had a task to do, and she noted down the characteristics of the trapdoor and how to get out of it, as well as the dolly house, at least by name.

“What else have we here…“muttered Chloe, walking towards a wooden chest. It was decorated with gold and reinforced with steel plates. Although it had an eyelet where a lock could have been attached, there was none. Chloe knelt down in front of the chest and reached out her hands to see what was hidden inside, but she paused. She narrowed her eyes to slits.

“Why do I have a bad feeling about this…?” Chloe muttered and poked the box with her pen. It immediately jerked and jumped away from Chloe's pen, crashing onto the floor a step away from her and making the attic shake. The blonde crouched in front of it with her mouth open, still holding out her pen, and looked at the mimic in shock.

“Are you okay, Chloe?” Trisha called up.

“NO! There's a Mimic here! Do I have to…”

“All right, I just wanted to know because I still want to sleep and I can't with all this noise!”

“You little…” Chloe hissed, her pen cracking softly as she clenched her hand into a fist again, “oh shit.”

“Is there anything else?”

“NO!” Chloe shouted back, looking worriedly at the pen, but it seemed to be fine. Chloe returned her attention to her clipboard and added the Mimic to the list. She pressed down a little too hard on the pen, leaving a deep groove in the paper.

 Chloe stood up and next took a look at a mirror. It was so large that it towered above her head, and its surface was framed by a silver border. What confused her, however, was that she couldn't see herself in it. Chloe glanced behind her and saw only the wall and the chest, just as the mirror had shown her.

“Great, now I've even turned into a vampire,” she muttered irritably and took a step toward the mirror. From one moment to the next, Chloe's reflection appeared in it and she stumbled back in fright. She tripped over her own feet and slammed her back against the Mimic, which immediately began to move.

“Oh shit!”

Chloe cursed and tried to jump away. But the Mimic had already opened its mouth and two unnaturally long hands grabbed Chloe's body.

“No! Come on! I…” Chloe managed to say before the powerful arms pushed her into the slimy mouth of the chest. She was just able to hold on to the outside of the chest as it snapped shut.

 Fortunately, the mimic's teeth weren't solid and gave way, but they still pinned Chloe in place, who was now half stuck in the chest and had to stretch her back uncomfortably. “Spit me out right now, you stupid thing!” Chloe yelled as tentacles pressed under her arms and wrapped around her chest. She kicked her legs and clenched her teeth as one of the tentacles tried to push its way into her mouth. “No, I don't think so, you stupid chest!” Chloe yelled, snapping her teeth at the tentacle. She caught it and bit down hard.

The chest immediately jerked and spat Chloe out, who slid across the wooden floor and came to a stop right in front of Trisha.

“Made some new friends?”

Chloe looked up with cloudy eyes, raised her hand, and ran it through her hair to get the slime out.

“I thought you wanted to sleep?” Chloe asked Trisha indignantly.

“And I thought you wanted to be quiet,” Trisha replied, smiling at Chloe, who was completely covered in slime. “But not bad how you freed yourself from the Mimic. Jade couldn't do that.”

Trisha bent down and held out her hand to Chloe. Chloe wanted to reject it at first, but then she took a deep breath and accepted the kind gesture.

“Jade was eaten by her once?”

“Yep. When you first visited, she tried to kidnap Summer, but failed because of the Mimic. It was so funny,” Trisha laughed, wiping a tear from her eyes. “Aaaah, good times.”

Chloe didn't want to comment on the fact that this “good time” had been at Jade's expense, so she remained silent while Trisha picked up the clipboard from the floor.

“Well… maybe you should clean yourself up before you continue,” Trisha said, drumming her fingers on the board.

“Right…” said Chloe dryly, walking past Trisha, down the ladder, and into the bathroom.

“Chloe…”

“Leave it. Go to bed. I'll take care of it,” Chloe interrupted, slamming the door behind her. She threw her dirty clothes in the corner and stepped into the shower. At first, she didn't feel the water through all the slime on her hair and body until she started wiping it away.

“Damn it,” Chloe muttered, looking at the floor where the slime was collecting. It slowly mixed with the water and disappeared down the drain. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She hoped the drain wouldn't get clogged. That was all she needed: a flood in the house on top of everything else she was thinking about. Trisha certainly wasn't making it any easier for her. She was usually good at taking and giving teasing, but the shifter somehow managed to get under her skin.

“Just like Kim… right?”

Chloe rested her head against the wall as the hot water ran down her back.

“Maybe I'm just thin-skinned right now. Or maybe all this magic stuff is going over my head.”

Chloe washed her hair and body thoroughly with shampoo and soap, enjoying the gentle sound of the water until she had had enough. She turned it off and dried herself with her towel. She wrapped it around her naked body and opened the door. A wall of steam immediately poured out of the bathroom into the hallway, and Chloe was about to go into her room when she saw something lying on the floor. She bent down and waved the steam out of the bathroom. On the floor lay a turquoise latex suit with dark blue stripes and patches. It had gloves, and next to it were silver high heels. The C&T logo was printed on the back in pink. A crest framed a C and a T and depicted a woman and a cat. The suit seemed strangely familiar to her, and after she had unfolded it completely, she was sure.

“Samus' Zero Suit? With the C&T logo, but why…?” Chloe asked when she noticed the clipboard. There was a piece of paper stuck to it that didn't belong to the lists. Chloe picked it up and tried to read the extremely old-fashioned and elegant handwriting on the paper.

> Hey Chloe,
>
> Sorry for being so difficult earlier. I can get pretty cheeky when I'm tired, but that's no excuse. I'm really sorry and I won't react like that again in the future. You're my colleague and I need to respect you more, especially since you've done so much for the company. I'd like to give you this suit as an apology. I thought it would be the best way to break the ice, and yes, I talked to Summer about it. To be honest, I wanted to talk to you earlier, but I kept forgetting or oversleeping, and then it just felt awkward.
>
> Please wear the suit, and call me if you need any help. I promise I won't say anything stupid to the heroine Samus.
>
> Here's to a great collaboration
>
> Trisha
>
> P.S.: I'm taking the dollhouse to Celine's for a minute. It should be back by the time you get out of the shower. Don't wonder why it's gone.

Chloe frowned.

Why doesn't she tell me herself? Chloe thought, but she guessed that Trisha was trying to go back to sleep. She looked back at the suit and thought back to the time when she came home from a particularly hard week at work. Or, more precisely, when she came to Summer's house. Her friend had given her a place to stay and a warm bed for little money after she left her ex and didn't want to go back to her mom. Just what she needed to get by.

Summer was sitting in front of her game console as usual, and Chloe plopped down on the sofa. A little blue figure with blonde hair was running around on the screen. Chloe had asked Summer if it was a new Pokémon game, but Summer shook her head.

“Nah. It's Metroid: Zero Mission. Want to play?”

“Nah,” said Chloe, but her eyes remained glued to the screen. She didn't even dare to blink and licked her lips.

“Everything okay, Chloe?” asked Summer, and only then did Chloe realize that she was staring at the character as if spellbound.

“Um. I… I don't know exactly… that hero there… who is that?”

Summer grinned and paused the game while she pulled out her phone. She found a picture of Samus and showed it to her blonde friend.

"That, my dear Chloe, is Samus! A space bounty hunter. Do you like her? I think you have the same hair, which is why you're interested in her, right?“

Chloe bit her lower lip hard and nodded, but something else was actually keeping her eyes glued to the screen.

”Samus… and what… what is she wearing?“

”Chloe, Chloe, Chloe… That, my dear, is her blue Zero Suit. A skin-tight… let's say latex suit."

“Latex?”

Summer's eyes lit up, she put down the controller and stood up.

“Come on! I have to show you something! What size do you think you are?”

“Um…”

“That was a rhetorical question,” Summer said, narrowing her eyes to study Chloe's body, “should fit!”

What followed was a night and a full day in latex, with Chloe enclosed in it. Literally.

“Maybe I should repeat that,” Chloe thought, licking her lips, but she had other things to do first, “starting with changing… or rather, getting dressed, hehehe.”

Chloe went back to her bathroom and locked the door. Her towel fell to the floor and she sat down on the edge of the bathtub. Since the suit had no zipper, Chloe had to put her feet into the neck opening of the suit. It slid up her legs effortlessly and within seconds it lay smooth against her thighs. As usual with C&T clothing, the suit fit perfectly, and Chloe paused as she lost herself in the blue glow. She ran her hand over her leg and got goosebumps. This suit felt different from the usual garments she tested for Celine. Smoother and more flexible. If the suits had previously fit like a second skin, this suit had now truly become her skin.

“I have to keep going… I have to know how it feels,” she murmured, pulling the neckline up over her hips and breasts. She slipped her arms in and followed the sleeves until her hands came to rest in the gloves. The collar slid up her neck and sucked itself tight. At that moment, Chloe's legs began to tremble and she had to hold on to something to keep from falling over. “What is this…” she whispered as the suit molded itself perfectly to her form. No pressure, no restriction of her movements. Just her blue latex body, under which her belly button was visible. Her right hand wandered under her breast and began to massage it. A lustful gasp escaped her throat and her left hand quickly covered her mouth so as not to be too loud. She closed her eyes and bit her index finger as another wave of pleasure washed over her. She sank to her knees, unable to stand, and began to breathe heavily.

“Chloe, calm down!” she admonished herself, but she couldn't. As her left hand took over from her right, her right hand moved to her crotch. Her fingers caressed it and, despite the latex, it felt as if her fingers were massaging her naked body. Once again, a moan crept up her throat and she flinched as she tried to suppress it. She blinked.

“What is that?” Chloe muttered, tearing her hands away from her body as if she had been burned. She shook her head to clear her thoughts and stood up on her wobbly knees. Glancing in the bathroom mirror, she realized she had blushed, and only then did she notice that her mouth was open, which she quickly closed.

“What did Trisha give me? It can't just be the suit, can it?” Chloe asked herself, washing her face with cold water before taming her hair with a hairband and leaving the bathroom. The matching high heels were still standing by the door, which she immediately put on.

The shoes instantly made her a little taller, and thanks to her cosplay, she now felt not only lustful, but also powerful and strong.

“I have to stay strong now… I have to… what do I have to do again?” Chloe asked aloud, looking around the hallway in confusion until she saw the stairs to the attic.

“Ah.”

Armed with her high heels and clipboard, she climbed back up through the skylight. She noticed that the Mimic had retreated into a dark corner, and Chloe narrowed her eyes as if to warn it.

“And stay there!” Chloe muttered, climbing the last few steps and looking around. The enormous mirror was still standing in front of her, seemingly only showing her when she got closer, but she had the feeling that there was more behind it. She took a step toward it, but something blinded her for a split second and distracted her. She took a step back and followed where the light was coming from.

 On a dresser lay a leather collar with a black crystal in the center. Next to it stood the dollhouse that Trisha had wanted to take with her, but instead it was now hanging almost off the edge. “Maybe she had something else to do… or forgot it?” Chloe wondered aloud, turning her gaze back to the elegant collar.

The light from the lamp was refracted by the crystal, shining directly into her eyes. She walked over to the dresser and looked down at the necklace skeptically.

“Pretty necklace with a black crystal,” Chloe murmured, making a note of it at the same time. “Now I just have to figure out what you do… if you do anything.”

Chloe picked up the necklace as if it were lined with razor blades and held it up to her face. The crystal sparkled slightly and, as far as she could tell, was cut with the finest craftsmanship. Chloe pursed her lips as she realized she had to bite the bullet. She put the clipboard aside and closed the collar around her neck. It clicked softly against her neck, and Chloe raised an eyebrow, expecting to be bound in the next moment, but nothing happened.

“Inconvenient,” she muttered, noting her observation. She took off the collar and turned to the mirror.

“Mirror for nearsighted people,” Chloe said, jotting the name down on her list before stepping closer, inch by inch, until her reflection suddenly appeared. Chloe was startled again, but this time she only flinched.

“Great bounty hunter you are,” she admonished herself, raising her hand to her chest to calm her heart. However, it wasn't racing because of the fright, but because of the sight that met her eyes. If Chloe hadn't known better, she would have truly believed that Samus Aran was standing in front of her. Apart from Chloe's larger breasts and her slightly less toned body. She pressed her finger against her stomach. “I really should start exercising and swimming again. Maybe I should talk to Ava about it…” she muttered, catching herself stroking the latex on her stomach again. She shook her head and was about to note that the mirror had no other magical properties when she felt a slight pressure on her stomach. At the same time, she noticed a movement in front of her and froze. She looked up and her eyes widened when her reflection no longer mimicked her movements. Instead, the hand in the mirror continued to rub her stomach. Chloe looked down at her real hand, which was now clenched around the clipboard. “What the…” the blonde muttered, watching with fascination as the hand in the mirror moved up her body and she felt it at the same time on her latex-covered body. Even her frightened face changed into a smile as Chloe stood in front of the mirror with her mouth open. She tried to grab the invisible hand on her body, but her reflection made a striking motion and swatted Chloe's hand away.

“Hey! What are you doing? Stop touching my body!” Chloe called out amusedly and laughed, which made her reflection grin. The figure opposite her helped itself to Chloe's body again, and Chloe could now even see the marks the hands of her reflection were leaving on her body.

“This is finally a fantastic magical item,” Chloe murmured, describing her discovery in her list until she heard a knock. Her reflection still had a playful smile on her lips and her index finger on the glass.

“What?” Chloe asked curiously. Her reflection pointed to the clipboard and motioned for Chloe to put it down. She did as she was told and placed it on the floor beside her before looking up again. Her reflection now had its hand on the surface and nodded encouragingly at her. Chloe frowned and looked at her counterpart suspiciously.

“We're not switching places when I touch the mirror, are we?” she asked, but her reflection just shook her head, smiling slightly, and made a cross over her heart with her other hand. Chloe felt it on her chest too, and she didn't know why, but she trusted that her reflection's promise was true. She raised her hand and pressed it against her counterpart's hand. To her surprise, the mirror surface was warm. Her other hand grasped her chest and, to her surprise, her reflection perfectly mimicked her movement.

“Are we one again?” Chloe asked, but her counterpart's lips did not move to say what she said. Instead, the grin only widened, almost into an unnatural grimace. Before Chloe could react, ghostly hands appeared in the mirror, holding her counterpart. The blonde immediately felt the hands on her shoulders, wrists, hips, and calves. Chloe's nervous smile faded and disappeared completely when the ghostly apparitions pressed her reflection's hands onto her back and the same thing happened to her. “Ouch! Hey, what's going on? Trisha! Trisha, I need your help!”

Chloe cried as ropes appeared in her hands and immediately bound her reflection's wrists, pinning them tightly behind her back. Chloe tried to run away, but she couldn't move and had to watch as her reflection was forced to bend forward. At the same time, Chloe was also pushed forward by the invisible force. She had to strain to see into the mirror and saw even more ropes appearing in the ghostly hands. They formed a noose around her elbows and pulled them tightly together so that they touched. Chloe gasped and looked at her back. She couldn't see the ropes, only the marks they left on her latex skin. Now she really started to panic.

“TRISHAAAA!” Chloe screamed shrilly and felt something pressing against her lips. She turned forward and saw her reflection being forced to take a red ball gag into her mouth, and at the same time, Chloe's mouth was pressed shut by an invisible gag. She could clearly feel and taste a ball gag in her mouth and shook her head as the hands locked it behind her neck. “Where is she?” Chloe thought as her legs were pressed together and she felt more ropes on them. They were still invisible to Chloe, but every single twist and turn could be seen on her reflection's body. With machine-like precision, one rope after another was wrapped over and under her knees and ankles, securing both legs together. Once the ghostly hands had no more ropes, they disappeared and Chloe breathed a sigh of relief. She hoped that her mirror image and she would soon be released, but a few seconds later her expression darkened. The hands returned, this time carrying shiny black leather. Before Chloe could even attempt to resist, a leather armbinder was pulled up over her arms and laced together. Her fingers were pressed together and she couldn't move them. Apparently, the ghostly hands had taken her measurements very precisely. Leather straps were pulled over her shoulders, crossed in front of her chest, and tied tightly. In the mirror, Chloe could only see her shoulders; the rest was hidden behind shiny black leather. The ropes now pressed uncomfortably against her arms, and any thought of untangling them was now futile.

I have to get out of here! I have to escape! Chloe thought, but the hands continued to hold her tight and now even lifted her up. A leg binder was pulled up her legs and in the mirror Chloe could see the countless buckles that were now fastening one by one. Her legs were pressed so tightly together that they became as stiff as a board, and a tight belt around her hips prevented her from slipping out of the leg binders. Chloe could no longer move, but the mirror wasn't done with her yet. The hands lifted a leather mask and a high collar with a metal ring on the front, and Chloe swallowed. She shook her head frantically until it too was held in place as if by a vice. Chloe had just enough time to wonder if an invisible mask would simply be transparent to her before her head was enclosed in leather and she was plunged into complete darkness. A moment later, the collar was closed and she was forced to keep her head stiff and straight. Chloe felt the hands set her down and leave her on the floor before the magic of the mirror finally left her alone.Great. Just great. Now I'm lying here in bone-breaking, invisible bonds, unable to see anything and unable to draw attention to myself. She thought, chewing on the gag, but she couldn't just lie there. Despite her awkward, stiff position, she began to struggle against the leather restraints, but they held her fast. She couldn't open any of the buckles or even slip them off because of the arm binders. Even with a hook, she wouldn't get very far because they were so tight against her skin.

Can anyone even free me if they can't see the restraints? Chloe wondered as she tried to roll onto her stomach. After the third attempt, she managed it and began to slowly crawl forward, even though she felt she was making little progress. The leather held her body in check and she groaned with every little distance she covered.

Either way, I have to get down. No one will find me up here… and if I find Trisha, she can…

Her thoughts were interrupted when her head hit something hard. For a moment, she feared the worst and that the mimic's hands and tentacles would grab her in the next second, but she was spared that. Instead, she heard something tapping gently on wood.

Mmm, maybe I can figure out where I am if I know what's in front of me…

Chloe thought, and bumped her head against the object in front of her again.

Not a chair… maybe a table or a desk? Was there one up here? Wait a minute. She tapped her head against the wood again and suddenly she was illuminated under her mask.

It's the sideboard! And that knocking is the dollhouse hanging over the edge! Chloe thought, cheering inwardly when the knocking of the dollhouse above her suddenly stopped and she could hear a brief scraping sound.

Fuck.

The next moment, she felt the dollhouse fall onto her butt and then nothing. She didn't hear any crashing or wood breaking. No pain either, just Trisha's voice suddenly next to her.

“Oh, Chloe… not you too…” sighed the catgirl, and Chloe heard her standing over her.

“MMMMHPFFF!”

“Wait… are you tied up? Ha! Cool. Invisible ties… but… never mind, come on, I'll help you, and then… let's hope we can get out of here quickly…” said Trisha, and Chloe felt her colleague feel her body until she found one buckle after another and freed Chloe from her bonds.

“Where are we?” Chloe asked when she found herself in a white room that she might have expected to be an interrogation room at a secret service headquarters.

“In the dollhouse…” Trisha said grimly, helping Chloe to her feet, whose legs were shaking. "I accidentally touched the door and was pulled inside.

I just hope my sister finds us soon…“

”What if she doesn't?“

Trisha glanced briefly at Chloe and then turned away.

”From experience, I can say that at least we won't starve to death… but that's not necessarily good news…“ she added muttering and crossing her arms, ”at least that sadistic bitch is gone…"

“I'm back,” Kim called through the house and closed the door behind her. Carelessly, she threw her bag and jacket into a corner and jumped onto the sofa. She was about to turn on the TV when the magic crystal in her chest grew warm.

“Mhm?” Kim murmured and looked back at the living room door.

 Through the crystal, she could sense that someone in the house was playing with magic, and if it wasn't Celine or Rilliana, then who was it? She put down the remote control and followed the crystal's command up the stairs and finally to the attic. In front of her stood a dollhouse on the floor, which was clearly enchanted with the magic of her dark mistress.

“Mmm,” Kim said again, sitting down in front of it and running a finger over it. She could feel the presence of her sister and Trisha inside. They were prisoners of the dollhouse until they were released.

“Or until someone decides to have some fun with them,” Kim muttered, letting the magic of her crystal flow into her hand to activate the dollhouse. A broad grin spread across Kim's face and she licked her lips.
