---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesek/goodfences.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Good Fences Don’t always make Good Neighbors...
authors:
- Captain Lance
tags:
- FM
- FF/m
- M/f
- bond
- latex
- outdoors
- gag
- burial
- oral
- sex
- fantasies
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2010-11-22 00:00:00
---

Several months ago, my wife DeeDee told me that she wanted a separation. Her "new" life goals didn’t include me. She was determined to find a "good gentleman" that shared her (new) values. Since we had been drifting apart for some time, this was no big shocker.

It was one of those sultry Summer nights. The heat and humidity could be cut with a knife. I was at home, alone, with the TV on for company. DeeDee had dressed in her hottest Summer party clothes and was out on a date for the evening with one of her "new" boyfriends. She had looked so hot when she came down the stairs dressed in tiny stretch jeans micro shorts, a nearly transparent lace bikini top, bright red platform "fuck me" heels with a clear plastic platform and matching wrist bands. God, did she ever make me horny, parading around the house for some time before she left, but I guessed that was the idea... Especially when she gathered up some of our bondage gear to take with her, ropes, wrist and ankle straps, a posture collar and spanking belt along with her favorite dildo.

The phone broke the silence of the TV which was on picture only. " Hi Lance, it’s Debbi from next door. Do you mind if I use the pool? It’s hot as hell in here".

I told her certainly, it was a standing invitation that she and her now ex husband were always free to use our pool, and they had done so for years. Now that she too was alone, the invite still stood of course.

After getting married at 19, Debbi decided at 41 that she needed "freedom" to explore and "find herself". This had come as a total shock not only to her husband, but to DeeDee and I as well. They were always together, the four of us frequently went riding on the weekends, and were always at each other’s house for one reason or another. He was a life long rider, and owned a Harley accessory business and an online Harley parts business as well. He had three bikes, one of which, an old police bike I helped him totally reconstruct.

I had known Debbi since I bought my home in the 1970's She was a small child at the time, and I used to see her and her sister playing in the back yard with their dolls...

When her parents retired, they gave the house to Debbi and her then new husband and moved to California.

The front door bell rang in less than a minute after I hung the phone up. As I opened the door, Debbi was standing there in a hot pink wet look bikini, hair and makeup all done to a "T", and beaming a smile. Her ankle strap locking platform heels finished the outfit off, although they surely didn’t say " let’s go swimming"...

"Thanks for the use of the pool, I was melting" she said.

As she came in to the house, I saw as she walked past me that the bikini was a string style with absolutely no back at all, and hardly any front as well. "Nice suit" I said. "What happened to the rest of it?"

She just smiled and asked me where DeeDee was. "Out on a date", I said.

"Oh, that’s cool," she said, "are you two back to swinging again? I’ve seen her leaving the house a lot lately at night, dressed to party"

"No", I said "we are separated now, she is out on a real date, looking for a new husband.". Debbi’s face dropped like a stone. She just looked at me and said nothing for what seemed an eternity.

She told me that she was sorry, etc. and to make the best of it, after some more chat, she asked if I would join her outside, and go swimming with her. "Sure, I said, why not?".

With that, she looked straight into my eyes and said, "then, I guess I won’t be needing this, will I". With that, she stripped off her bikini and taking the key to her shoe locks out of her bra and unlocking her shoes she stood before me, jay bird naked. She took my hand and said "let’s go", and out we went.

She jumped into the pool, and yelled at me to do the same. "I don’t have suit on" I said.

"Neither do I!" she laughed, "take it off, big boy and join me".

I did as requested! After swimming for a while, and some small talk, I was treading water about five feet from her. She swam over to me and threw her arms around my neck and pulled herself to me. Kissing me with quite a lot of pent up passion.

"Have we got a lot to talk about", she said. "But first, have you ever had sex in a pool?"

" Yes, I answered".

"Well, I have not, but tonight that’s going to change". She pulled herself up to my chest, and lifting her legs up, wrapped them around my waist, another deep kiss and she lowered herself onto my rigid cock.

As she impaled herself with my cock, she audibly shuddered, and groaned. "Fuck me hard" she moaned as she continued to kiss me. I certainly didn’t need a lot of convincing....

"I don’t have a rubber on, Debbi", I replied.

"No rubber, cum in me please!!" she yelled out. Not having had sex for some time, we both came like school kids on a first date. We moved over to the side of the pool, and I lifted her off my cock , and sat her down on the side of the pool.

"You have no idea, Lance, how long I have dreamed about you and I being lovers" she said. This shocked me to say the least. Yes, I had known her for years, but never thought of her as a partner. She had been a close friend to me, my past ladies, and DeeDee, but that’s all. As a small person, only 5 feet tall, and about 85 pounds, she looked like a teenager from a distance. She loved the biker lifestyle, loved to dress like a biker babe, and had an amazingly tight, toned body being a Yoga instructor and gymnast.

"Since I was 13 years old, I used to see you with your first wife, and then the herd of girlfriends that came and went. When the first one moved in with you, I hated you. She was so much like me and so sexy that I both dreamed of being her, and hated her all at the same time."

"The fantasies that I used to dream up about you and I were so erotic, I used to dream of you breaking into my house raping me while my husband slept in the same bed... I saw a sex film and then dreamed about being dressed in a head to toe latex catsuit and boots, then having you put me into a cell in your basement and keeping me as your fuck toy... unable to speak or cry out for help due to the ring gag that you pushed into my mouth. You took me out daily to give me deep enemas, water me down with a hose, and feed me by putting scraps into a dog’s dish on the floor of the cell. I was forced to kneel before you while you pushed your cock into the ring gag and pissed into my throat, punishing me severely if I gagged, or spilled a drop. Increasingly large butt plugs were forced into my behind and I was fucked and fisted regularly for your pleasure. I once dreamed about you walking me into a bog and pointing me towards the oozing goo, directing me strip naked and to walk into it. You watched as I sunk into deep, sticky clay until I disappeared from sight... All the while, as I professed my love for you. And so many other scenarios that used to make me masturbate wildly. I used to put a thick clear latex bag over my head and tie it shut as I masturbated myself thinking about you coming to rescue me at the last second. "

I was speechless, hearing her confessions. What could I say? My cock was bulging like a flag pole after hearing her dreams. Oh, if they could only come true...

"Do you remember that when Wendy moved in, and we used to all go riding together, how friendly she and I were?"

"Yes, I sure do," I said.

"Well," she said, "Wendy invited me over to go swimming one day when you were at work. By the time the afternoon was over, she and I had seduced each other... we were lovers for three years, Lance. When you and my husband were both out and at work, Wendy and I would jump into your bed, and spend the day pleasuring each other for hours on end".

My jaw dropped, and was amazed. Now, a lot of past history made sense to me. The girls were very close, and would spend lots of time shopping, at the beach, etc. now I really knew why.

"Wendy was my second girl lover, but not my last... I am very bisexual, Lance. Does that bother you?"

" Not at all, " I said.

"Good, because I also tried to seduce DeeDee, but she would have no part of it".

Not knowing what to say, I just shook my head "OK".

"You must tell me more about your relationship with the girl with the raven hair, I see her coming and going so frequently, I guess DeeDee didn’t mind your having a girlfriend... I always wanted to try swinging, but I once told my husband about my desire, and he had an absolute fit, and nearly hit me. I used to see DeeDee going out at night with a guy with a big Jaguar, what happened to him? I used to see them at night on the patio having sex when I was on my deck watching the stars."

"Do you realize that It was so obvious that DeeDee had the hots for my husband, when we used to go out riding, but he was too dumb to realize it".

"Yes," I said, "She often mentioned how nice he was, and how much she liked him, but she was afraid of causing a neighborhood problem if it didn’t work out, or if you got upset. Ironic, but now you and I are here, together.."

The questions kept flooding over me. Debbi knew as much about my life as I did, maybe more... considering her love of Wendy and DeeDee.

As we walked upstairs to bed, I asked her if she wanted anything to sleep in, she only replied, "Your arms, Lover".

"My husband didn’t like the idea of me having girlfriends, it bothered him a lot, that’s one reason we split. Will DeeDee be home soon? " she asked. I told her that she said she would not be back till about 2AM, and that it really didn’t matter anyway, we were separated, remember?

She said, "That’s good, because I am spending the night in your bed, with you, and you are not going to get a lot of sleep, I’ve got 28 years to make up for".

About 2:30, the front door opened, it was DeeDee returning home. She came upstairs to say good night. Debbi sat up and before DeeDee could say anything, she said, "Hi Dee, how was your date?"

Not shocked at all, DeeDee merely said, "Oh, great, thanks. I’m glad to finally see you two together, I’ll see you both in the morning".

"Don’t leave", Debbi said," Why not join us in bed"?

A second of quiet fell over the room, broken by DeeDee unsnapping the waist of her shorts and letting them drop to the floor. Kicking her shoes off and letting her top fall as well, she climbed into bed with us. As she did, she took her panties off and bunched them up, "You’ll like these, they are soaked with my lovers cum". I opened my mouth wide to accept my gift. The girls fell into each other’s arms and kissed deeply and with great passion. The next three hours were a bit of a blur to me, but one that I won’t soon forget.

I had no alternative but to lay there as they had also tied my wrists together with a rope that we had in the headboard of the bed. I not only got to see the hottest girl-girl sex I had ever imagined, but when they were finished they each took turns squatting over my lips allowing their sex to fill my eager mouth. In the morning, Debbi got up and put her bikini back on and made us all breakfast. The three of us sat around the table for almost an hour, talking and laughing, "I have a dream fantasy that I want you to live out with me" Debbi said . "Will you come to my house tonight about 9PM tonight so we can make it happen?"

Looking at her and DeeDee, I said "Sure I will"

"Why not keep him for the night, that way I can have my new boyfriend over here to stay" DeeDee said to her.

"You bet I will" she replied.

\* \* \* \* \*

Friday night came so slowly, it seemed like an eternity. I had planned what I was going to do, to wear, and how to treat the special occasion that was coming.

It was only one day, 24 hours, but time seemed to crawl.

Then, it was time!. DeeDee and I sat across from each other at the supper table. She had prepared my favorite meal, and had treated me like we were a newly dating couple all day, not like a couple that had separated, but were contentiously living under the same roof. “ Are you going to be OK with this, my having my new boyfriend here in our house, in our bed tonight?” she queried.

“ Yes”, I said, it’s your decision to make, after all you set me up with Debbi for the night”

“Great, then you won’t mind helping me get ready, will you?” she asked.

Dinner was done, off to the upstairs we went, hand in hand for the first time in over a year. She took our bright crimson red satin sheets out of the closet, Oh if these could talk, I thought. The memories that these had held...

Making the bed carefully, as to not show one wrinkle she made sure to tell me about her plans for the night, Dee certainly knew the way to invoke jealousy to her advantage. We laid out over a dozen red candles strategically arranged around the room for the best effect. Finishing up she then asked me if I would mind helping her dress. This was always one of my lusts, helping my lady prepare herself for our nights together, now, it was to please her new suitor.

Stripping naked, she chose a red and white leather wasp waisted corset that I had given her for her last birthday. Covering from just under the bust to her hips, it was seduction to the “Nth” degree in my eyes. As she slipped into it, she turned around and asked me to bind her into the corset. Taking the laces in hand, I began to pull tighter and tighter. When in my eyes It was finished, she admonished me and told me that her suitor wanted her waist Tiny, and to keep pulling. She made sure to remind me how horny she got when she was tightly laced and nearly unable to breath. I complied and the corset was tightened to it’s smallest possible size, nearly 7 inches smaller than her already small waist.

Next came red and white matching leather wrist and ankle cuffs  and a choker collar with “D” rings from the same set.  Lying on the bed, she pointed to the white knee high ballet boots standing in the corner and told me to put them on her, which I did. Being a boot fetishist, this was heaven for me. Each lace that I pulled tight made me more and more excited as I saw her foot point straight down parallel with her beautiful leg. She then  told me to pull the restraint chains from under the bed attaching them to her leather cuffs and fasten her down, as tightly as possible.  The final coupe’ de gras was a ring gag that she commanded me to place in her mouth and pull tight behind her neck.

Finished and awaiting her lover, I gazed at her, and marshaling all my strength I was just barely able to keep from raping her right then and there. Looking into her lustful eyes, I could not decide if that was actually what she desired all the time or not. Lust getting the better of me, I kneeled down on the edge of the bed, and without a word worked my way up to her glistening, wet pussy. She was dripping her juices of passion, obviously terribly excited. Taking my mouth carefully and gently. I pressed my lips against the puffy lips of her pussy and began to slowly lick and suck at her.

From the first touch, she began to moan and groan, leaving any doubts about her desires aside. She climaxed in minutes, and explosively, nearly ripping her bindings off. Slipping away, I blew a kiss to her and got myself dressed for my night. Latex jeans, high boots of silver leather, a latex tee shirt and gauntlet gloves were my attire for the night. Walking next door I saw the front door open, and a paper note tacked to it saying ” Come in, I’m upstairs”.  Complying, I found Debbi in her bedroom, dressed in a see thru red baby-doll nighty and platform CFM heels with ankle straps. The lights were low, soft music was playing and the scent of vanilla filled the air. My boots and jeans flew off and we lost our selves in passions know only to the luckiest of lovers.

Several hours later, we were both spent and had fallen asleep in each other’s arms.

Awakening, I glanced out of her bedroom window, I saw a bright yellow Porsche parked in my driveway. My cock instantly grew rock hard, imagining the evening that Dee was surely having. Debbi sat up and looked straight into my eyes and asked me ”Will you listen to something very important I want to tell you, and wait till I am done to comment?”

“Of course” I replied.

“Well, for nearly two years I have wanted to do something that never leaves my mind. I am obsessed with it.  I tried in vein to get my Ex to do it with me, but her refused. Will you be my facilitator with this need of mine?”

“Yes”, I replied without thought. How crazy can it be?

“OK, you promised, remember that. I want you to bury me alive.”.

“WHAT?” I said.

“You heard me, buried alive in the back yard... I have planned it out to the last detail, and have everything I need. I even had the landscaper dig the hole today when he was here cutting the lawn.”

“You are crazy, you’ll die.” I said.

“NO, she replied, “everything is accounted for. You will leave me there for a period of time that you decide, and then come back and remove me. When I am taken out of the earth, I can assure you a session of sex like no other you have ever experienced. “

She went to her closet and took out a black latex catsuit. It was beautiful, it had an attached hood with clear plastic lenses for the eyes, a rubber tube about 2 feet long coming from the mouth, attached gloves, feet and straps attached to the right leg at the ankle, above the knee, around the chest and neck. On the same hanger was a corset of bright yellow latex with very severe steel boning and a matching neck corset.

“See, she said, “This will protect me from anything bad, and let me breath as well... unless, you decide to cut the tube off while I am down there”.

“The straps insure that even if I panic, I cannot possibly dig myself out or move around at all.”.

All I could do is stare, with my mouth wide open, She was very serious indeed. Taking my hand, she pointed me to the rear window of her room. Looking outside, I could see the pile of earth next to the hole in the rear of the yard.

“I guess you are serious, no?” I asked.

“YES’ I am” was her immediate reply.

“OK”, I think you are nuts, but OK” I told her.

With that she at once started to dress. The catsuit had the extra feature of the large vibrator dildo built in that would impale her soaking wet pussy. In each moulded bra cup was a small pin about the size of a thumb tack that would surely impale her nipples. Pointing to them, she only smiled and took a deep breath.

I oiled her body from head to toe with silicon dressing fluid. No part of her was missed, I assure you. Helping her slide into her suit was a treat, it was super tight, and fit like a glove. When the dildo impaled her pussy she moaned and breathed out deeply with an obvious flood of passion. Pulling the suit up, and pulling the hood over her head completed the affair. I zipped the back of the suit up, making it fit her like a skin on a hot dog. As the zipper neared her neck, the pins in her bra cups must have hit home, as she shuddered and cried out a tiny scream. I fitted the corset to her waist, pulled it tight, and then the neck corset. She could not turn her head, nor move it in any direction.

Breathing became a chore as it fitted very tightly. I asked if she wanted it loosened, but she shook her head “NO”. I took the bright yellow ankle boots from her closet and fitted them to her beautiful latex covered legs. They had a 2 inch platform, and 7 inch heels. Not easy to walk or stand in to be sure. I took the remote for her dildo and taped it into her right hand, so she would not loose it while being buried. Looking at her, I asked if she wanted to forget it and go back to bed.  Another “NO” was rapidly replied.

“OK” I said, and taking her hand, I lead her down stair and outside to her new sanctuary. The weather had changed in the last hour or so, and a steady Summer’s rain was falling.  Laughing, she said, ”At least I won’t get wet” pointing to her entire latex outfit. At the hole, we stopped and didn’t say a word for a minute or so. The quiet was like a curtain of stone. “Let’s go”, she said. “I’m ready to be buried now.”

With that, she stepped down into the hole. It was about 3 feet deep, and was filling with water from the rain. “Icky” she said. She kneeled down first, Taking a handful of the wet dirt and rubbed it on her chest and crotch. The effect was obvious. An orgasm shot through her body like lightning. She sat down and began to fasten the straps around both of her ankles, knees, and then she lay down, asking me to strap her arms together with the chest strap.  I climbed into the hole with her, straddling her latex covered body. As I was wearing only the latex tee shirt that I had come with, my exposed cock rubbed against her slippery wet body, sending a rush of adrenalin through my body.  She then pressed her wrists together and I fastened the last strap tightly around them.

I once again asked her if she wanted to stop. She gently shook her head side to side indicating another “no”.

“You may bury me alive, now. I am ready, but please leave my face for last, I want to see myself being buried.”

“Yes”, I gulped.

Climbing from the hole, I took the shovel from the pile of dirt, and began to fill the hole in. The first shovel full landed on her stomach, by no coincidence. Slowly, to maximize the effect for her, I filled the hole in carefully working from her feet to her neck, leaving her head uncovered as she so badly wanted. I filled in commentary as I worked, telling her how it was progressing since she could not move her head from looking straight up. The rain was relentless, I was soaked, and the dirt I was shoveling was turning to mud, sinking around her  as I filled in the hole.

When it was necessary to begin covering her head and face, I looked into her eyes and was going to once more ask her if she wanted to stop, but the look was without question. This was her passion and I would not break it for her. Being absorbed myself, I kneeled down next to the hole and took my cock out, pointing it towards her face I smiled and let go with a stream of piss, washing the dirt from her eye coverings.  After making sure that the air hose was safely outside of the hole, I decided to add to her moment.

“Now, you slut, I am going to finish burying you alive. You will stay there, in your hole for one week... But, do not fear, I will visit you at least twice a day to make sure you do not suffer from thirst. I will place a funnel into your breathing tube and fill your mouth with my hot piss on each visit. Then, at some time in the future, I will return and plug your hose making this your permanent place of rest.  I have decided to cover you with concrete and  rent out your home, making sure that the new tenants enjoy the new patio I have left for them. Goodbye forever.”

I quickly filled the rest of the hole in, hearing her cry out and try to scream as I finished.

Looking at my watch, it was 1AM. I decided to go inside and sleep for a while in her bed. I fell asleep quickly, and set the alarm for 7AM. Rising after the alarm went off, it seemed like only minutes had passed. I looked out the window and saw that the yellow Porsche was still in my driveway.  Hmm, DeeDee must have had some night, I thought.  Dressing in old jeans and a tee shirt I found in her closet, I went outside and started to dig her up carefully by hand as to not harm her with a shovel.  As I uncovered her face, I could see the shock and disbelief that she radiated. I quickly finished removing her from her hole.

Then, after unstrapping her I took her shaking hand and helped her from her resting place. She threw her arms around me and hugged me with unbelievable passion. I could hear her crying from within her latex prison.  I lead her inside, undressed her and together we shared a wonderful hot shower. She was crazed with sexual tension, could not stop talking, and soaking wet, we threw ourselves onto the bed for hours of amazing sex. The entire scenario was a turn on she said, even the fake story about leaving her, the fear got her crazy and she never turned the vibrator off.. She figured that if she was to go, it would be happy, and with a smile!

She made me promise as I left to go home that next time, she could be buried for the whole weekend!

What about DeeDee?, Well, her lover left her as I had done, still tied and bound to our bed, But well  used, abused, soaking wet with his cum, and ready for me to clean up with my mouth.
