---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Winter Daze
authors:
- Maxxster
tags:
- F-m
- bond
- cuffs
- chast
- nipple
- 'true'
- cons
- X
date: 2010-01-05 00:00:00
---

The rain was falling and another day was to be spent inside looking out into a world filled with grey clouds and a low overcast sky. I had hoped for some time that the weather would improve as to allow for a nice walk outside in the brisk winter air which was hovering around 2 degrees Celsius.

I sat at the computer and wondered where things would go from here and asked myself what I was going to do with the rest of my day.

Upstairs was my adoring wife who opted to sit on the edge of the bed watching reruns of movies which had all played many times before on the TV.

I was asked a couple of times in the last couple of hours as I read Self Bondage stories if I wanted to do anything... It never dawned on me as I became so engrossed in reading where the time had gone. It seems to me that when life becomes slow and I am not highly motivated how nice it is to just sit a read the experiences of others who share the same interests as I and my wife do.

It had been some time since I was motivated to engage in some personal self bondage, and even though I have a beautiful partner who equally shares in bondage games and fun, the mind is such a wonderful source of ideas and interests that just has to be explored.

This day was somewhat different than some of the others not because of the winter weather or the fact that I was reading stories, but because of the way I had been forced to sleep and wake from the night before.

Like I said, we enjoy the benefits of bondage; our interests are quite specific and are really something which we have been able to enjoy together.

You see, we like steel restraints, not the cheap ones, but expensive, high security handcuffs and leg irons and steel collars etc. The one item which signifies the basis of our relationship is the Stainless Steel Carrera Chastity Belt..

This belt was custom ordered for me a number of years ago and I have come to enjoy the significance of wearing it for the benefit of my partner. You see, for whatever reason she likes no I ‘m sorry, Loves the control she has over me. So not to digress anymore I will get back to the day events.

Yesterday I went snowmobiling with a group of friends who had no idea that I was wearing the Chastity belt, the belt is not hard to wear and other than finding the opportunity to go to the can  by squatting somewhere out there in the woods, lol no one would ever be the wiser to me wearing the belt.

No sooner had I walked in the door to smell the spaghetti sauce simmering on the stove before dinner, I was met at the back door with a snicker and a smile from my significant other.

 I asked what was up and if she had a good day and the response was Yes I had a great day, now take your shirt off NOW. I smile and asked what was going on and was told to Shut up and take off my shirt I would see.

I stopped and took my shirt off as instructed and stood there fully clothed except for the shirt. I was then told to turn around and put my hands on my head, I laughed and stated why? I was then told to “just shut up” and do as you’re told.

Feeling like it could be play time and never wanting to disappoint I turned around and placed my hands on my head. Not as though I didn’t know what was going to happen, I thought this was a nice twist and would play along.

Turning around ever so slowly just to make a point I leisurely complied as directed. It was then that I felt the kick to the back of my knees as I felt a hand grab the interlaced fingers I had just put together. If it was not for grabbing my hands I am sure I would have fallen. Well, I fell on my knees as expected and felt my stomach go through my throat at the thought of falling, but no sooner did I then feel the cold steel ratcheting down on one wrist.

There was that twisting feeling and I let my fingers go loose and just followed the direction of my arm behind my back. My second hand was then twisted to bring it behind me and that ever so familiar feel of the cold steel attaching itself to my other wrist was now complete.

The biggest significant feeling I had was the fact that these handcuffs which were being used were Hinged Handcuffs. The ones you can’t spin or twist or manipulate your hands with a key to get into that little lock when the keyhole is facing the wrong way. I am sure that was the way it was, because my partner never, ever get’s it wrong by leaving the keyhole facing downwards so I could escape.

It was apparent that she meant business today for whatever reason and without letting my hands go I could hear the sounds of chain behind me. I was told to just sit up and place my toes into the floor. It was clear that I was going to have the ankle cuffs put on me as well.

Without hesitation I did as I was told and put my toes into the floor leaving an elevated space between my ankles and the floor. I can tell you there was not much difficulty as she quick snapped the first ankle cuff onto my right ankle. It just spun and locks naturally as if one can describe it that way, and then the second ankle cuff locked onto my other ankle.

It was apparent to me that she had been thinking about doing this to me since I had left earlier that day.

Here I am just walking in the door, not home for more than two minutes, stripped of my shirt and handcuffed and leg-ironed kneeling on the floor of our entrance way. I had a good day until this point, I hope the rest goes as well.

I was helped to my feet and told to go into the Kitchen and sit down. As I walked as best I could, I just had to pull on the hinged cuffs to make sure they were on and not coming off under my efforts, and much to the usual experiences I have had with her, they cuffs were extremely secure, tight, and no key holes to be found or touched by my own fingers.

Sitting at the kitchen table I must have looked like a deer in the headlights of a car, she just stood there smiling and then turned to stir the freshly cooked meat sauce.

Casual conversation took place for the next 5-10 minutes covering all the events of the day between ourselves and respective tasks we had performed. What a difference in events for each other, I rode snow filled valleys and did some hill climbing and she did dishes, laundry and cooking.

The conversation then turned to what we were going to do for the rest of the day. It was not unusual for me to be jumped and cuffed like this, so I had figured maybe cuffed until dinner, watch a movie, news and then go to bed and see tomorrow what that day will bring. I was a little out of touch for whatever reason.

To sit and be cuffed is one thing, to watch your wife with the most beautiful body remove her shirt claiming it was hot in the kitchen exposing the most wonderful large double D breast in that lacey bra is just being a tease. At any rate what could I have done???

It was shared with me that I was going to be cuffed for the rest of the night because if I got to go out and play, I could sit at home and let her play for the rest of the day and evening. I would be fed my dinner after having a bath to get clean and I would eat, be gagged, cuffed belted and unable to touch her or escape and that was just the way it was going to be.

I knew that I was never in a position to argue with her after she had made up her mind and had me handcuffed, although I thought it odd that I should get pounced upon so quickly upon arriving home, so I opted to say nothing and start my plot to escape her wrath of being the controlling cuff key holder.

The bath was run; the ankle cuffs removed and then the hinged cuffs were exchanged for a pair of single link High Security Smith & Wesson model 104’s. I had known from experience that when these handcuffs were locked on me, I was not getting them off.

 We only have 1 key available for these cuffs, the rest are locked away in a safe for those emergency situations and I don’t have access to the safe. It was clear I was going to bath cuffed. A shortened pair of Peerless leg irons was locked onto my ankles and I was told to enjoy my bath and she would be in shortly to clean me.

Sitting in the embrace of the warm water was nice after a day of sledding, even being handcuffed with my hands behind my back in high security cuffs was not that bad either. I had done this many times and knew I could turn the water on with my feet to make it hotter or colder, I could also cross my arms behind my back and sit very comfortably for a long period of time without any discomfort, so I guess all was well in my world.

After 20-25 minutes I was told to stand and lathered up with soap and then had my hair washed since I couldn’t do it myself. I sat on the edge of the tub and swung my legs to get out of the tub where I was dried off. The handcuffs and leg irons were still locked on me and they were not coming off as I was told being directed into our bedroom.

The TV was turned on and I was handed the remote and told to enjoy watching TV while she finished making dinner. I sat in my usual place on the bed and got comfortable flipping channels until I found something that I wanted to watch.

Dinner arrived and I was told to sit up, which is quite easy as long as your hands are not handcuffed behind your back. Actually it is not that hard either after having been in this position many times before; this direction was just to make sure I did not make a mess when being fed Spaghetti.

I ate dinner one mouthful at a time all the while being given a drink of cola out of a can with a straw when I got thirsty. I have to say that things were not that bad for at all.

After dinner and watching the usual Saturday night shows like, cops which is odd while being cuffed I was told to turn over and lay on my stomach. I then received a wonderful back massage all the while being handcuffed and unable to get free. I should let you know this is not really unusual either, it is more the norm to be looked after while handcuffed than when not handcuffed??? Who’s to argue with what works for her??

The news came and went and it was time for bed, I asked if I was going to be getting the handcuffs off and was told if I asked again the gag was going in and I would be sleeping that way all night, so “shut up and go to sleep”

I never really find it hard to sleep handcuffed, I have been conditioned for this over many years of making her happy, but what I do find challenging is to be wearing the chastity belt and handcuffed with the ankle cuffs.

If you lay on your stomach the belt pushes your member into the end of the tube and it is almost impossible to not get an erection while lying next to your naked partner. You can’t touch yourself or find a position which makes things easier on your mind and you toss and turn trying to find that comfortable position all the while pulling on the handcuffs and stretching your legs as far as they can reach with no success other than tormenting yourself.

It takes time and that is something that you have allot of when being told to go to sleep in the position and condition I was in. I just let things be as they are and allowed myself the right to bring forward all those thoughts and memories of days past when playing like this was just as fun as it was for me right now. It was probably 2-3 hours as I lay there struggling with no success. I knew she was happy beside me because she frequently reached over to touch me.

I had awoken a couple of times through the night as usual, and it is always a mind bender because you almost forget that you went to sleep handcuffed. You slip out of that deep trance like state to find yourself pulling on your arms wondering why you can't scratch your nose or whatever else you want to scratch before the minds grabs reality and reminds you that you are pulling on steel handcuffs which are totally unforgiving.

Interestingly enough  the mind settles down into that other space of comfort knowing that everything is as it ought to be and then you settle down and fall back to sleep.

For me the most overwhelming and enjoyable moment is always in the morning when I find my head lying on her gorgeous warm breasts. It is indescribable to be handcuffed, belted and shackled and unable to free myself laying in her arms warm and secured by her until she awakens.

I awoke that way this morning, just absolutely loving the moment, wanting it to never end. Feeling a closeness that can’t be given away unless you know what I am talking about. I would want to experience that everyday, and if I need to be this way just to get that feeling, I would do anything for that moment.

I struggled more today than usual, the handcuffs for whatever reason appeared to me to be more secure than before. They were feeling tighter, less forgiving, more along the lines of they wanted me to know who had control and it was not me. I pulled and twisted them and turned them every way I could but nothing changed except for that erection which was driving me nuts under the lock of the Chastity Belt. I ground myself as best I could to try and get some type of stimulation, but as usual, they belt gave none.

 It is an interesting thing that the belt heats up very warm inside the tube and produces heat which can be felt clearly by my partner who pushes herself back into the tube as it nestles itself between her cheeks. It is always nice to hear her give the slightest of moans in the morning when it is I who cannot do anything except wait for her to stir and then awaken.

I laid there spooning her at first and then getting to lie in her arms and rest my head on her chest while she awakens to my presence beside her. After several minutes of enjoying the moment she sits up and tells me to not go anywhere she has to turn the coffee on and will be right back.

When she returns she goes into the drawer next to the bed and removes the blindfold and places it on me pulling the two straps tightly. I am told that she thinks I should rest for a while and the coffee should be done soon. I hear her moving around the room and another drawer opens and then closes. It only takes a moment for her to return and I can feel her wet lips touch my nipple and start to suck on it slightly. This causes me to jump and I am told to enjoy myself. I feel her lick my other nipple and then I feel the cold steel of a lock going through the first ring of the piercing that I have in my nipples before I can hear the lock Click shut and close. This is quickly followed by the second lock and now both my nipple have small padlocks attached to them which I cannot remove

I am told to roll to my side and another padlock is attached to the handcuffs and then a small stainless D ring in the back of the belt holding my arms firmly behind me with absolutely no movement of my wrists.

My body is pushed to where I am lying on my back again and for the next 5 minutes my nipples are tortured by her sensuously licking them and bring me to a very high level of arousal all the while being locked in the chastity belt and handcuffed with no way to protect myself or stop her.

After my whimpering is clearly obvious she stops and tells me to not go anywhere and that we can have our coffee now. I lay there in the most unusual predicament. Completely aroused, locked by hand, foot and chastity belt as hard as one can get with no escape or reprieve from the situation I have been placed into.

All I can think of is More, Please More. Don’t stop. I am all alone in my thoughts and situation. A number of minutes go by and I can see through the fog of arousal and disparity of my circumstances and then the smell of coffee fills my head and room.

The blindfold is removed along with the lock to the back of the chastity belt holding the handcuffs firmly in place. I can see the coffee cup with a straw in it knowing the handcuffs are still not coming off.

I had my coffee, went to the washroom returned and enjoyed another cup of coffee all the while still be held by the handcuffs and her holding the key to my release. It was probably 2 hours before I was told that I was going to be released so that I could have a shower and get dressed.

I was told to stand up and the handcuffs were released from behind my back and relocked in front. This was how I was going to shower today and I could have them off after I was done getting cleaned up.

I had my shower and exited the shower; I dried myself as best I could with my hands still in the handcuffs in front of my and was told that I was going to have to wear the locks on my nipples for the day and they were not coming of until she felt like it.

The high security handcuffs were then placed inside a lock box and a waist chain was placed around my waist and through the lock box and secured with a padlock behind my back. An additional chain was locked with the back of the waist chain and down to a set of ankles which were locked onto my ankles. I was now essentially in a high security transport position.

I knew I could not get out, even if I had a key the lock was behind my back and I could in no way reach the lock. I was going to stay as I was until I was released from this position. I knew in the past that I have been left like this all day, which is from morning until night with no freedom. Damn how long was this go to be before I could escape?

It was apparent to me that for whatever reason I am being kept in very strict restraints which do not allow me any room for freedom or escape.

I was informed that she was going to watch TV while waiting for a phone call back and then she would be going out for the afternoon

I was also going to be home alone while she went out and it was while I was in the shower that her girlfriend called her and asked her out for lunch and an afternoon movie. I was surprised that she accepted, but also equally surprised she put me into such a rigid position before she got ready to go out.

I was given that gratuitous kiss on the check and told to behave myself while she was out and maybe if I was lucky, I could have another evening like last night, but then again maybe she will just give all the keys to her girlfriend and she could call her tomorrow and go get them before she could release me.

With that she left and I sit here struggling with my hands locked in a lockbox attached to my waist writing ever so slowly wondering what will happen when she returns.
