---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Initiation 4
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- MF/f
- bond
- D/s
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Initiation 3**](initiation3.html))

**ROB**

Amy is sitting opposite me on the bus from the airport, her foot entwined
with mine as she looks out of the window. A slight blush runs across her
face as she thinks of something. Horny, probably.

She has become so sexual since I placed her in irons last week. We have
made love so much more since then.

Wish I had done it before but as I didn't know then… bugger! I think.
I really thought I did know her and now I don’t even know myself.

Being a little anal in the retentive side I have been reading up on
the internet, both the techniques and the psychological aspects of the
BDSM game we seem to be starting to play.

I love my wife to be, don’t doubt that, but I worry that I will not
be able to take her as far as she seems to need to go.

She was miffed that we didn't bring toys along. I hadn’t got the nerve
to tell her we had a private viewing at the best bondage place in San Francisco.
So I just said I needed time to get my head round things. But we would
carry on when we go home.

Oh Amy, I think as I rub her leg with the soft leather of my shoe. She
glances at me and smiles.

The bus drops us at our hotel for a couple of days before the second
part of our holiday starts.

I carry our bags in and the bellhop takes them from us as Amy sorts
out the tickets and room details. This is part of my problem: she hasn’t
changed in the taking charge of stuff. In fact she does it very well. But
as soon as we are on our own, sexually she goes into sub mode - which I
have to admit, she is also really quite good at doing.

So as soon as the bags are dropped off she strips off and has a shower.
Then in the nude she puts all the clothes away and then joins me in the
shower for a romp.

As I say, weird, but growing on me.

So I use the curtain tie backs and the belts off the hotel robes to
spreadeagle my love on the bed while I lick and kiss and suck every inch
of her.

Her groans and moans grow in volume until I slip deep inside her. I
have to put my hand across her mouth to stop her disturbing the neighbours
as we both come nearly as one, which just made it worse: she later admitted
to being really turned on by the way my hand had gagged her. Then I have
to admit to falling asleep on top of her, still deep inside her.

Now you would think she would have struggled or said something but she
just endured and woke me by moving her hips on my semi erect length that
was still inside her. So we made love again.

“I love you!” I say as I come deep inside her.

She lifts her head and kisses me really hard.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

We slept well as our jet lag had totally worn us out and I for one was
bloody hungry so we had a San Fran big breakfast. We talked about what
our plans where and how and when we would go get our hire car.

I love Amy and her smile lights up my day as we walk down to the harbourside
and enjoy the warm sunshine. We are having a great time and I think Amy
has started to forgive me for not bringing our toys along, especially after
last night’s improvisation. She is going to get a shock as I have read
about a place we can go get the stuff we need. Though I thank god I got
my bonus as this won’t be a cheap week.

“I want you to trust me. I need you to go change into a skirt, nice
top and a pair of heels. Only lipstick and no underwear please,” I say
to her at breakfast the following morning.

**AMY**

I dress as he asks, flinching as I lay aside my underwear and pull on
the skirt and top over my bare skin. I haven’t brought anything particularly
smart with me, but I can do elegant cum sexy. I choose a fitted skirt in
a deep red-brown and a white, thin cotton top that fits quite loosely but
is in certain lights almost see-through. I almost chicken out, but I like
the idea of surprising him whilst following his orders. I debate hair with
myself, and decide to brush it into a high ponytail so it’s out of the
way. I don’t know what he has planned for me, but I’m certainly intrigued.
Slipping my feet into a pair of elegant heels, I head out into the sunshine.

Rob is standing by the car, watching me through sunglasses. I think
I can see a smile twitch at the corner of his mouth as I approach half
shyly, half seeking a compliment, but otherwise his expression is unreadable.
Only because I know him so well can I tell there’s a hint of satisfaction
in his air. Whatever he has in store for me, he’s excited about it, which
makes me tremble inside.

We drive for perhaps half an hour in silence before Rob pulls up outside
a large town house in a quiet street. If this is the right place, then
anything kinky going on behind the respectable frontage must be very discreet,
and very exclusive. I glance at Rob as we walk up to the door, but he reveals
nothing.

**ROB**

The door opens and lovely looking young lady says, “Mr Brooks and Miss
Thompson. Pleased to meet you. I am Catherine.”

Amy looks a little perturbed as we walk down into the tiled hallway
and into a huge room lined with shelves and racks of clothes and equipment.
Amy stands chewing on the corner of her mouth. Catherine points to a seat.
And I sit.

Amy looks for her seat. Nada.

“Welcome to the House of Bondage. May I ask you how hard you wish to
play?” asks Catherine.

Amy looks hard at me and says, “I am not playing with anyone else, Rob.”

Catherine laughs aloud. “As much as I’d like to play with you Miss,
I am here just to help you get the right sizes.” She looks in amusement
at Amy, who is now blushing.

“I have prepared the items you asked for and we are ready for shipping
if they come up to your standards.”

She smiles at me and I notice Amy has come and stood behind me - now
a little afraid I think.

I take her hand and squeeze. She looks at me as the lady walks to a
rack and takes a collar off the rack. She walks over to me and hands it
to me and I examine it. Thick stiff leather and a soft leather lining with
four rings set in it.

I catch Amy’s eyes with mine and she nods. I point to my feet and she
kneels there expectantly.

**AMY**

I feel like a hopeless novice in a new, confusing, scary world. Rob
is acting so confidently I wonder how he’s managing it, because surely
it must be as new to him as well.

When I found there wasn’t a chair for me, I flung my head high in a
desperate attempt to ward off the black hole I could feel opening up in
my mind. But by the time Rob told me to kneel, I had fallen in completely,
and I knelt without conscious thought.

He bends over me and wraps the collar around my neck, as I sit as upright
as I can, eyes closed. I open them to see Catherine silently handing Rob
a small silver padlock, which he deftly uses to lock the collar into place.
He watches me as I raise my hands and tentatively touch my new item of
apparel.

‘Excellent,’ he comments, holding out a hand to Catherine for the next
item already. ‘I hope they all fit so well.’

I almost pull my head away as he approaches me, but his stern gaze and
Catherine’s look of distain stop me, and I submit to the web of black straps.
He pushes a rubber ball between my teeth and buckles the straps behind
my head, under my chin and across my face till I am locked tight around
the gag. He spends a long time adjusting the buckles, pulling them as tight
as they will go without cutting into my skin. I can feel a pool of wetness
growing between my legs and my kneeling position slumps a little as I cope
with the sensations.

He pulls me dizzily to my feet, and motions to Catherine to bring the
next item. Standing in front of me, she reaches for my top and begins to
pull it up and over my head. I struggle, but Rob holds me tight and in
a minute I am topless, my nipples standing out towards this strange woman.
She smiles very slightly as she strokes my breasts, pinching my nipples
into harder peaks, and I complain into the gag, hearing nothing but muffled
grunts coming from my mouth. Rob jerks my arms, and I stand still, forced
to allow her to touch me. With an evil glint in her eye that I’ve never
seen in a saleswoman before, she applies a metal clamp to first one nipple,
then the next, tightening them till my nipples burn and my eyes water.
I look back at Rob, but he is watching with interest as if learning from
her. He is in no mood to save me.

Rob lifts my arms into the air and Catherine cuffs them to a chain hanging
from the ceiling. I stand in the middle of the room, helpless, as they
retire to a corner and sort through a pile of scary looking items. They
approach me again with a corset in Catherine’s hands. It’s quite long,
and runs from just beneath my breasts to my hip bone as Catherine positions
it around me, and Rob’s strong hands lace it up behind. Catherine holds
my hips tightly, pressing me against her body, to give Rob purchase as
he pulls on the laces and draws my waist in inch by inch. I stare into
Catherine’s eyes as my fiancé mercilessly hooks it closed and steps
back to admire my new figure.

My skirt is swiftly unzipped and it falls to the floor, leaving me naked
from the hips down. I close my eyes and shudder as both Catherine and Rob
look directly at my soaking wet pussy. They make quick use of it. A fat
dildo and a squat butt plug are pushed into me as I writhe and moan and
try to pull away, to no avail. They are secured inside me by a crotch strap
that buckles onto the front and back of the corset.

I am released from the chain and lowered to the ground, wide leather
cuffs being buckled round each ankle and wrist. Each cuff has a metal ring,
which is used to bring all four behind me in a loose hog tie, rope knotted
between the rings. I lie on my front, pressing the nipple clamps into the
floor, struggling now with a vengeance as they make me secure. The final
touch is a silver metal spreader bar between my knees, stretching me out
whilst my ankles are still secured to my wrists.

They stand back, admiring their work with a cool professional detachment.
They’ve gone further than I’d ever imagined, and Rob is almost scaring
me with his new-found attitude. Hot under their gaze, I pull at my bonds,
feel my corset constrict my breathing, feel my nipples burn under the clamps,
feel my mouth securely gagged – and come long and hard on the floor in
front of them.

As I lie in a haze, reminding myself that I have pushed Rob to this
and wondering at the speed he’s gone, I can dimly see him instructing Catherine
to pack up the remaining items, most to be shipped back to England but
some going into a bag to take back to the hotel. Finally, I am released
and everything that had been used to bind me is cleaned and packed. I dress
in my normal clothes as Rob hands over his credit card, and by the time
we walk arm in arm back to the car, I look as if I’d been doing nothing
stranger than taking tea with the neighbours.

It only took an hour from start to finish. The drive back to the hotel
is surreal. Everything looks so normal, but I am on fire inside, desperate
to get home and see what Rob can make of the purchases on the back seat
when we’re alone.

**ROB**

There is a strange sort of silence filling the car on the way home.

Although I had a hard on and lots of ideas from the house where we’d
spent the afternoon purchasing kinky items for Amy, I did wonder if I had
overstepped the mark a little - or a hell of a lot - and how we would go
from here was a little cloudy.

I know Amy had enjoyed it a lot and but I do wonder if Catherine’s involvement
had overstepped our limits.

The sight of Amy corseted and spread face down on the floor, her breasts
bulging, filled my mind and my being. But as we walked up to our room with
the bell boy carrying two big suitcases I decide that we need to talk.

I tip him and notice even before the door closes she has slipped out
of her clothes and assumed the position on the floor by the bed.

She is taking this a bit too literally, I think, holding my hand out.

“Come here darling, talk to me please. How do you feel about what happened
today?”

She sits next to me on the bed, shaking her head a little, a smile on
her lips.

“Sorry,” she says, “I got a little carried away.” Then she flashes me
a look of such deep affection and lust that I am more than half inclined
to make love to her right away. But we need to talk.

Amy begins after a minute: “I guess that was a new experience… I mean,
to have you acting so calm and in control, treating me like some kind of
mannequin. I was struggling for real when Catherine started – you know.”
She swallows, clearly remembering Catherine’s intimate involvement in the
scene, pinching her nipples, grasping her hips.

“You took me somewhere in my head that was more than I’ve imagined before.
It’s kind of scary, but kind of addictive…” Her voice tails off, then she
just says, “Thank you” in a heartfelt tone.

I put my arms around her. “My pleasure. But as much as I love you I
also need us to be us as well, the old us, Amy!” I say and look at her
eyes as I hope she understands that I don’t want our relationship to be
destroyed by the new world we are entering. She sits on my lap and holds
me.

“Of course,” she murmurs, and I can tell she means it. The old Amy never
went away. She just developed some new character traits.

My fingers touch her sore nipples and I see the slight indents where
the clamps had bit into her. She sighs and looks up at me and says, “I
could do with a shower to unwind.”

I smile at her and watch her walking to the bathroom with a request
of “Wash my back?”

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

The rest of the day we sight see and then collect the hire car from
Hertz.

The Golden Gate Bridge is superb, I think as we cross it and head off
towards the house we have hired for a week out near the beach. Both of
us are a little keyed up by the extra suitcases we have now got with us
and I am pleased that they are going to be couriered home as I would hate
the overcharge on our baggage allowance – not to mention what the customs
officials might say if they choose to randomly search our cases…

Amy looks out of the window at the passing cars and smiles. She is as
happy as I have ever seen her and she keeps smiling at me as we drive with
the top down.

The sun shines on her and I have a deep feeling of love for her and
resolve not to doubt her wishes in future. Part of my dirty mind also wishes
that Catherine was waiting for us at the house. She seemed to be better
at that sort of thing than me. Oh well, practice makes perfect I think
as I look at the sat nav screen and move lanes.

The plan is to stay at the house and use it as a base to go and see
places and just chill - both our jobs being stressful - and maybe get the
chance to play.  Okay, I admit it, play being uppermost on my mind
now. The thing with Catherine has made me think if Amy is willing to let
someone else give her the thrills she is seeking then I had better buck
my ideas up.

I smile at my beloved and she squeezes my hand. We call in the small
town and get the keys for the house.

The house stands off the beach only by about 200m and has the usual
Californian joggers and stuff, so no bondage plans for there.

But it is wonderful. The soft sound of the surf and the cries of gulls
overhead make me smile and pick Amy up and hug her. She grins back encouraged
by the atmosphere of the place and kisses me.

The house is fairly modern on the outside all decks and a Jacuzzi with
barbeque and sun loungers at the rear.  It has the usual massive gardens
and the next house isn’t overlooking the rear and is at least 300 yards
away.

Amy has gotten the keys out and has bounced up the steps to the doors.
I decide to look round later and start to carry the bags of groceries up
as the car is getting very hot under the afternoon sun.

I hear Amy exclaim and start to laugh. “What?” I ask coming up to the
door. “You will see!” she laughs and is watching my face as enter the front
door.

I am gobsmacked: it’s a large open plan ground floor with walls that
look like the inside of a log cabin. In the far corner there is a bar like
you see in the cowboy films complete with a long mirror and whisky glasses
stacked in a pile. A flat screen TV sits along the wall to the other side
of the big double glass doors that lead to the porch that looks over the
beach. We are higher so you can only see the sea and not the sands.

The rest of the room is set out with furniture that looks like it’s
been made in the cowboy days: thick and sturdy timbers and lots of thick
throws and quilts. Beams and upright posts hold a possibility and there
is even a horse trough for a sink in the kitchen and the huge larder fridge
is hidden behind what looks like rickety wooden doors.

“Wow this is fabulous!” Amy exclaims and pulls me by the hand to the
stairs. We run up and find that the rest of the front of the house is done
out the same.

We decide that the big ranch style bedroom is going to be ours and while
Amy fills the fridge and opens the doors to let the warmth in, I carry
all our bags up into the room and hang all our clothes up.

The deck at the front is sheltered and not visible from the beach so
Amy spends a couple of hours soaking up the sun gently glistening with
the oil I had placed upon her, giving her a nice orgasm as I did so.

She is laid on her back now asleep and I am pretending to read a book
but I am just looking at her. She is so beautiful I think as I watch her
lips move as she sleeps talks her way through a dream.

Later, wearing only a t-shirt and shorts we stand at the water’s edge
and hold hands. I am formulating my plans for the evening and as the sun
goes down we kiss and walk back up to the house.

Okay, I think, new Rob tonight.

**AMY**

I stand under the hot shower, washing sun lotion, sand and sex off my
body, mind wandering over the events of the past couple of days.

Most of my thoughts are taken up with pleasurable, normal memories:
our afternoon on the beach, the long sun-drenched drive up here, how we’d
explored this strange house when we first arrived. But underneath is an
ever-present undercurrent, and deep inside I am turning over the possibilities
of this house with its beams and posts, and secluded location. I wonder
if Rob is also thinking the same way. Not so long ago, I would have been
alone in my fantasies, but now – now, we’ve reached a point where we are
connected, largely beyond words, and I shiver with anticipation, thinking
how well he has learned to read my mind and actions and take me places
I’ve wanted to go for a long, long time.

His generous spirit is one of the main reasons I love him. I’ve turned
our sex life upside down, and he’s not only hung on, but learned to walk
on the ceiling.

**ROB**

While Amy showers I fetch the stuff I have planned to use out of the
closet and prepare.

Amy walks back naked and smiling. Her smile widens as she sees the ropes
and stuff laid out on the floor, as if she was hoping for such a sight,
but not quite expecting it.

I have decided to try my best to make her suffer to see if I can do
it. And my mind goes over what she has asked for over the past few weeks.
I want to make her happy so here goes.

Looping rope round each wrist I pull her arms wide apart and tie them
to posts either side of the bar.

“Okay?” I ask and see her nod.

I liked the head harness she had worn at the house so I pick it up and
ask her to open her mouth. She does so although I catch a look of disappointment
that I asked and didn't tell.

So I kiss her mouth and say “Open”.

She does and I force the ball between her lips quite roughly and then
proceed to buckle all the straps tight.

I love the way it dissects her face, the bright red ball and black leather
straps digging in slightly, the best one being the strap under her chin
the forces her jaw to bite into the ball. She gives an ‘mmph’ as I tighten
it.

One of the sites I had looked at on the internet was on how to do Japanese
bondage. I did like the way they use rope to show off a body’s beauty.
Opening the first bag I take out the strange bit of rope that I had worked
on earlier. It consists of rough hemp rope which is doubled and has a set
of knots in it which are roughly 6 inches apart.

I catch Amy looking at me funny as I open the second one down and pull
it over her head, place it between her breasts and let it dangle. I run
the loose ends between her legs and up to the loop on the back of her neck
and just loosely tie it.

I hadn’t done a bad job and only about 4 inches of rope were left over.

I walk round and notice Amy looking a little disappointed. I smiled
at her.

“Trust me, it gets better,” I promise. “Or maybe worse, depending on
your point of view.”

I get some more rope and start to link the middle of both sides of each
loop to the one on her back thus making the harness tight. It’s quite a
thrill jerking the each knot tight and making her wince with the harshness
of the loops.

Taking some thinner cord out of the bag I look at the photo I am working
from and watch Amy’s face as I make a loop in one end and place it round
her left breast and pull it tight. As soon as I think it’s enough, I then
wrap the spare round and round until it’s used up.

I repeat it with the other looking in her eyes all the time. Her breath
is coming in pants as I look back at the one I did earlier and see it swell
and turn a different colour and the nipple become so engorged I just have
to take it in my mouth and suck.

She moans and tries to say something. I nip with my teeth and she gasps.
Then I pause and pick up the nipple clamps and watch her as I tighten them
on each nipple.

Amy has a look of strange and raging lust in her eyes as I bend down
and tie rope round each of her ankles and tie them to the same posts her
arms are stretched out to, then run my hands down to her sex. She is dripping
and as I rub with my fingers I feel the tight cords that are either side
of her lower lips. The tightness of her bonds is a horny feeling.

I work on her clit and, just as she is about to come, stop. And step
back. Looking up I realise I can get some rope through the gap between
the ceiling and the beam above her and get a chair and do so. Amy is watching
me and I wish now I had done it before.

Untying her wrists I rub them and then retie them together in front
of her and I feel Amy not resisting as I attach them to the rope from the
ceiling and then pull. Amy grunts as her body is drawn taught.

God this is horny, I think as I slide my hand down her ribs and on to
the top of her bottom.

Amy gyrates her cheek against my hand. “I love you!” I whisper in her
ear as I lift my hand and slap it down hard on her arse.

**AMY**

This rollercoaster ride of teasing and torment he’s taken me on has
almost blown my mind. I buck in my bonds, feeling his body pressed against
me, his mouth on my ear, and his hand spanking me hard into a rage of lust
and love that fills my entire being. With my legs spread and my arms pulled
tautly above me, there is nothing I can do to prevent him from spanking
me again, harder this time, then reaching round to squeeze my poor, bound
breasts. The nipple clamps that torment me jiggle as he spanks me yet again,
the fire from my bottom spreading round to join the fire that burns inside
me.

The tightly tied rope harness is astounding. It pinches me from all
directions, making me feel like his prisoner all by itself. Somewhere in
the back of my mind, I remind myself to suggest he maybe wraps me up in
it again and takes me out with it under my clothes.

He’s surpassed me this time. I’m on my limit and being slowly pushed
beyond. The gag locks a long, hearty scream inside me as he swiftly comes
round in front of me, takes my hips in his hands, and pushes his cock inside
me, standing up as we are. I am spread wide so he goes in deep, and he
begins to thrust, driving me very quickly to the brink of orgasm. He leans
into me, holding me close, his chest crushing mine and making the nipple
clamps jerk up and down. I’m struck by my first orgasm several minutes
before he shudders and empties himself into me.

As I half stand, half hang in my bonds, his come starting to run down
the inside of my thigh, I recognise the flash of a camera.

He senses I am close to exhaustion so he releases me from the posts,
leaving the rope harness, gag and breast bondage intact. We collapse onto
a thick rug and he enters me again, this time from behind, driving me on
to another climax and he holds me tight around the waist. He has his second
with me on my back, my hands held above me by one of his, my eyes speaking
volumes into his.

Before he lies down next to me, he unties the ropes from my breasts
and releases the clamps. The rest of my bondage can wait till he has recovered.
We lie still, breathing hard.

Slowly, he drifts off into that essential male post-coital doze and
I lie in a warm haze beside him, reliving the experience, relishing the
ropes that still twine round my body. I don’t want this to end.

When he opens his eyes again, he finds me curled up on my side, watching
his face. He smiles, and I return the smile with my eyes at least.

‘Was that everything you wanted?’ he murmurs in a voice thick with sleep.

I nod, holding his gaze. Then I reach for the pad of paper that’s kept
by the phone and write: ‘And more. Much more.’

He kisses my face between the straps of the gag harness, taking away
my pen and paper as he does so to remove the loophole I’ve found.

I look at him questioningly, wondering how it was for him, and he manages
to read my mind. He grins. ‘Pretty darn good for me too.’

We sit up, and he carefully unknots the ropes around my body, tracing
the indentations left behind in my skin with a finger. Only then does he
unbuckle the gag, easing it from my mouth. I feel almost bereft now I am
free.

We dress, and make dinner together, sitting outside to eat slowly in
the setting sun and drink wine. When we’re finished, he slides a small
box across the table towards me. Quivering like a teenager, I pick it up
and open it. I know it can’t be a ring, because he’s already proposed,
but it’s kind of similar. A fine silver chain, with two tiny silver pendants:
one miniature padlock, and one miniature key.

‘I think you should put this on me,’ I say with a beaming smile, and
kneel on the floor in front of him as he loops it around my neck and fastens
it behind me. It glints in the last rays of the sun as I turn to kiss him.

‘You don’t need to lock me up to make me stay,’ I whisper, jokingly.
We both know it’s a major attraction.

‘I know,’ he replies. ‘But it’s fun nonetheless.’

[Continued in
Part 5](initiation5.html)

01.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Initiation 5**](initiation5.html)

o0o
