---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Mile High Club 2: The New Toys'
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- F/f
- shop
- bond
- corset
- cuffs
- public
- toilet
- F+f
- torment
- mast
- club
- FMM/f
- latex
- catsuit
- tease
- sarcophagus
- encase
- toys
- insert
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2003-07-22 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Mile High Club**](mile_high_club.html))

**Part 2: The New Toys**

For the next few weeks we had too many passengers and the layovers were
too short for any real games like we played on that earlier flight (read
“[Mile High Club](mile_high_club.html)”). I made it back to my home base late at night. By the
time I got home it was 3AM and I went right to bed. When I woke up it was
noon so I decided to unpack. I was almost done when Jack came over and
took me out for lunch. After a few hours he dropped me off at my dorm.
When I got to my room I was really surprised to find out they had given
me a roommate. I was in the room since I enlisted and this was my first
one.

“Hi, I’m Jenny,” she said.

“I’m Mary,” I said as I walked to my bed. All my new bondage toys were
neatly piled on it. I remembered I left it all on the other bed when Jack
took me to eat. I gathered it all up and put it in a drawer in my closet.

“You really should hang up that armbinder. It will look better without
wrinkles,” she commented.

With a startled look I said “Thanks. How do you know so much about these?”

“My ex used one on me regularly,” she replied.

“Really?”

“We broke up because I realized I liked tying up people more then I
liked getting tied up. He was not at all interested in being tied up,”
Jenny said. “Besides I had this move so it was good timing.”

I stood there for a minute then replied, “I really just started. About
3 weeks ago I bought this stuff and Jack, a fellow aircrew member, helped
me try some of it out.” She listened as I told her the story of my little
games.

“I can’t believe you wore those panties to a club,” she giggled. “What
do you say we go to the club tonight. It’s Thursday, country night, there
should be a lot of people there. Then when it closes I will tie you up
and have fun at your expense.”

I just stared at her for a few seconds and said, “Sorry but Jack is
going to pick me up at 8 and we’re going out. But I will remember your
offer.”

We talked about normal stuff for a few hours then I started getting
ready. I laid out my leather skirt and halter-top and then took a shower.
After the shower I decided to wear my rubber panties. Jenny grinned when
I started lubing up both the vibrators. “You really are a brave woman.
Are you and Jack going steady?”

“Not really,” I replied. “We’re just playing games.” I worked the tight
panties up and slide the large vibrator into my pussy. Then I slid the
other one slowly into my ass. That one took more work but I managed to
get it. After I adjusted and smoothed the panties I finished getting dressed.
Once again I was able to hide the control for the vibrators. I’d just gotten
done with my hair when Jack knocked on the door.

“Wow,” he said when he walked in and saw me.

“I take it you like,” I said with a grin. “Jack this is Jenny. She just
got here today.”

Jenny said with an evil grin “Nice to meet you Jack, and if you need
any help tying her up let me know. I will be more than happy to lend a
hand.”

Without missing a beat Jack said, “Thanks, I’m sure I’ll take you up
it.” We walked outside and decided to walk to the club. “How does she know
about our little games?”

“I left my stuff out when we went to lunch and she saw it all. We got
to talking and the story just came out,” I said.

“Are you wearing those special panties?” I blushed and before I could
answer he said, “I get to control them. You are not allowed to mess with
the controls. Are we clear?”

What could I say? That was just what I wanted. “I’ll do my best but
I can’t promise anything.” Since it was dark I pulled the control out enough
for Jack to see it. He grinned and pulled me over behind some bushes.

“Let me see what we have going on,” he said. He took the control out
and turned both the vibrators on full. I let out a soft moan and he just
grinned. Jack reached up my skirt between my legs.

“Stop that!” I said as he began messing with the vibrators.

“OK,” he said with a pout. He turned the vibrators down to a very low
setting. Once he was happy with the setting he gave me the remote to hide.
Once it was hidden we continued to the club. The club was really hopping.
We danced, had some drinks and talked with a lot of people. The vibrations
really kept me hot and bothered but that was all. Jack kept asking how
I was doing and threatening me, “If you want them turned off we can leave,
but it will cost you when we get back to your place.” After a couple of
hours he turned the vibrations up more, but they still weren’t strong enough
to push me over the edge.

We danced for about 30 minutes before I could not stand it any more.
The panties had me so hot a bothered I was having trouble thinking. “Jack
can I please turn these things off?”

“What things are you talking about?” he asked as a slow song started.
He laughed and held me close.

“You know what I’m talking about,” I said.

He pulled me off the dance floor and sat down in a booth. “We can leave
now, but I’ll turn them up. Then we will go to your place and play. Don’t
worry about your roommate she just got here.”

“Fine!” I said. He put one arm around me and started to kiss me. I was
kinda surprised; he has never kissed me like that in public. We kissed
for a few minutes when he pulled out the remote for the panties and turned
them up. He turned them up all the way but still continued to kiss me.
I was going crazy, between the panties and the kissing. After a few minutes
I had an orgasm.

When I recovered he turned the panties down a little and said, “OK,
we can go now.” We got up and left. On the way back to my room I had two
more orgasms.

“Why do you like doing that to me, making me walk with these panties
on so strongly?” I asked.

“You don’t really mind. If you did you wouldn’t wear them and give me
the chance,” he said as we walked up the stairs to my room. Once inside
he put cuffs on my wrists and locked them behind my back. He reached around
behind me and removed my skirt. Jack began to play with me through my panties.
He also turned up the vibrators all the way. When I was really close to
cumming he stopped playing with me and turned the vibrator off.

“You are evil,” I said as I pushed him over. He fell on his butt and
looked up at me. His confused look made me laugh. “You should see the look
on your face.”

He got up and grabbed me around my waist. “You think you’re funny don’t
you?” he asked with an evil grin on his face. “I think it’s time to show
you who’s boss.” He grabbed the remote and turned the panties on about
half way. He tucked the remote into the panties so I couldn’t reach it.
He then walked over and began looking through my other stuff. He grabbed
two sets of cuffs and some rope. He attached one cuff to each arm, above
my elbows and tied then together so my elbows touched. He then attached
the last two to my ankles. I was laid down and my ankles were crossed and
tied together, pulled up behind me and tied to my wrist cuffs. I was now
in a tight hogtie with the dildos in my pussy and ass vibrating.

Jack walked around in front of me and unzipped his pants. He then removed
his cock and said, “You know what I want.” I opened my mouth and he stuck
his hard dick in. I sucked as he began to fuck my mouth. It didn’t take
long before he came. He kept his cock in my mouth forcing me to swallow
as much as I could. When he was satisfied he stepped back and put his pants
back on. As I lay there as he got my ball gag and stuck it in my mouth.
After strapping it good and tight he said, “Thanks I really enjoyed that.
I’m leaving you like that. I am going to the club and see what Jenny is
up to. If nothing else I will tell her you are hers to play with till I
come and get you in the morning.”

I screamed into the gag and began to wiggle, squirm and pull at my bonds.
I was not able to even begin to get loose. He watched me for a few minutes,
till I got tired and gave up my struggles. “I suggest that you be quiet
because I’m not going lock your door. I would hate for someone to come
in and take advantage of you in your current position,” Jack said as he
walked out and like he said, he left the door unlocked.

I tried again to get loose but I was not able to, eventually I gave
up trying. As I lay there waiting for Jenny to return the panties continued
to vibrate.  The vibrations weren’t enough. After about 30 minutes,
despite my best efforts, I was going crazy but was unable to cum.

I was lying there resting the door opened and Jenny walked in. “Hi there
dear. I could not believe it when Jack told me what he did to you,” she
said as she sat down next to me on the bed. She reached between my legs
and tickled my inner thighs. I wiggled and tried to kick but the cuffs
held me and I was not able to get away. After sometime she began to play
with my clit through the panties. I moaned into the gag and tried to move
so she could have better access.

“It looks like you’re really hot and bothered.
If I let you cum you must promise to let me have my way with you Saturday.
That’s all day Saturday. If you agree then nod, if not the shake your head.”
I thought about it for a little bit and all the time she continued to play
with me. Finally I was close to cumming and wanted to cum so badly I nodded
my head. “Good,” she said. She continued to play with me as she reached
under my belly and used the remote to turn the vibrator up to the max setting.
I came almost immediately. The orgasm was long and intense. She continued
to play with my through a second and third orgasm. I tried to make her
stop, but being bound like I was I could not.

Once I was released I got cleaned up, cleaned the panties and went to
sleep. True to his word Jack showed up in the morning. He told me we had
to go to work for a few hours in the afternoon. When I got home, I decided
not to go out because I wanted to be ready for what Jenny had in store
for me tomorrow. She got in and we talked for a couple of hours then we
went out for a couple of drinks. She asked me if I wanted to be tied up
tonight but I told her no because she had me all day tomorrow.

\* \* \* \*

Saturday came around and I was surprised when Jenny woke me up at 10.
“Are you going sleep all day?” she asked. “Get up, I have a big day planned
for you. First we’re going shopping then who knows. Take a shower and then
we can leave.” I got out of bed and took a shower. When I came out I found
there was clothing on the bed waiting for me. I put on the sundress that
was picked out for me.

“I take it I don’t get underwear?” I asked.

“Like I said, we’re going shopping first. I am buying so don’t sweat
it. Well actually Dad is buying but who’s counting.”

I finished getting ready and said, “Ok let’s get going.”

We left the base and went downtown for breakfast. After breakfast we
went to the mall and shopped there for a few hours. When we left the mall
we drove for a while until she said “There it is.” We pulled into a parking
lot for a large adult novelty shop. It was the grand opening and there
were a lot of people. We walked in and started looking around. This place
was even larger then the one where I got all my other toys. Jenny took
my arm, “You need to stay with me. Let’s see what we can find for you.”
We walked over to the bondage stuff.

There were racks and racks of all kinds of things. Jenny let go of my
arms and let me look around for a little bit. The first rack I looked at
had many different things on it. Most of the stuff on this rack was made
out of leather. There were boots, bras, pants, and other nice looking outfits.
The next rack had a variety of different things made out of different materials.
Along the walls were hanging gags, hoods, paddles and leathers cuffs. I
walked up to another rack. This one was full of latex stuff. I was looking
at a full body suit when Jenny came up to me and said, “If you like that
I have just the thing for you.” She walked around to the other side of
the rack and removed long sleeved cat suit. It was heavier than the one
that I had. The latex was thicker and it had a collar.

“What’s the big deal? This one doesn’t seem too different. Besides the
weight.”

Jenny walked to me and said, “Look at the wrists. There are attachments
like that all over the suit. The suit fits tight and will make it easy
for me to abuse you. Look at the crotch.” I looked at the crotch and found
that it would open to allow access. “That might be fun.”

I looked around some more until Jenny came up to me with a saleswoman
approached. “This is Sam,” Jenny said. “She is going measure you for your
suit. Do what she tells you.” Jenny then whispered to me, “Remember you
promised you are mine for today. Be a good girl.” I followed Sam to a fitting
room. I removed my clothes as I was told and was measured really thoroughly.
Every part of my body was measured from my neck down to my feet. Sam told
me to stay there, she would be back. She returned with a bag of stuff.

“Your mistress wants you to wear this stuff. I think you will enjoy
it… you lucky girl,” Sam said as she empted the bag.

First she removed a
strapless bra. The bra was made out of blue rubber. It took some work but
I was able to get the bra on. It was a push-up type but there was a hole
in each cup. With Sam’s not so gentle help, my nipples were pulled so they
were sticking through the holes. Next she removed a corset with an attached
chastity belt. The corset was also made of rubber. The crotch strap had
two dildos attached to it. Sam grinned when I blushed and said, “Like I
said I think you will enjoy yourself.”

She helped me get the corset into
place and the laces started. Then she began to tighten the laces. I was
surprised when she walked around in front of me and the corset continued
to tighten, all by itself. She lubed the dildos up and slid them in. Both
of the dildos where bigger then the ones in my panties. I felt really full
as I managed to take both of them. Sam attached the crotch strap loosely
to the bottom of the corset.

The corset was really getting tight and I asked “How it this tightening
by itself?”

“With one of these,” Sam said as she handed me a small box. It was
a box for an automatic lacing system.

I grabbed my sides and asked, “When is it going to stop? I’m having
trouble breathing.”

Sam just held up a finger to her lips. I got the hint
and quit talking. She then removed a pair of thigh high rubber leggings.
I sat down and she rolled them up each leg. They were really, really tight.
Next came leather ankle and thigh cuffs. The ankle cuffs were lock around
my ankles. I then stood up and she attached the thigh cuffs. These she
pulled really tightly. I was told to spread my legs when I did Sam pulled
upon both sides of the crotch strap. She continued to until the strap was
so tight that it hurt. Once she was happy locks were put on the crotch
strap. Sam the knelt down and attached my thighs together. I was not able
to spread my thighs at all.

“Ok, that is all I was told you have to wear. You can get dressed now,”
she said and walked out of the dressing room. I put the dress on without
much problem. My shoes were harder because I could not bend at the waist.
When I was done I walked out and looked for Jenny.

Jenny was waiting at the counter when I walked out. “What do you think?”

“Why does everything have to be so tight?”

She looked at me with a grin, “I bet you look good. I have more stuff
for you, but you have to wait till we get home. Let’s go and do some more
shopping.”

We walked out of the store to the car. Jenny had to wait for me a couple
of times. “Will you please slow down? I can’t walk fast with my thighs
tied like this.” We got in the car and went to another mall.

We got out of the car when Jenny said; “I have a little surprise for
you.” Both the dildos started to vibrate.

“What are you doing? Please turn them off the strap down there is really
tight. I don’t think I can handle that,” I begged.

“I don’t think so. You’re mine and I want to make your life a living
hell,” she said.

We walked slowly through the mall. After the first two
stores the vibrators started to increase their activity. I looked at Jenny
but she smiled just kept walking. Two stores later I had my first orgasm.
I was able to keep it quiet, but I could already feel another one building.
We continued to walk for about five minutes before I had to find a bench
to sit down. The orgasm hit me really hard. Wave after wave of pleasure
came flooding in. I was able to keep the noise down to a soft moan, but
people near by knew something was going on. When I finally recovered Jenny
was sitting next to me and the vibrators were turned off. “I gather you
like your new corset.”

“I might like it under less public circumstances,” I replied. We got
up and started walking again when the vibrators started again. “How are
you controlling them?”

She reached into her pocket and pulled out a remote control. “They are
radio controlled by this little thing here. Will you please hurry up?”

“I’m doing the best I can. My thighs are tied together,” I replied.

“Is that the extra ideas Sam had? Let’s go and take a look,” Jenny eagerly
said. We walked to a restroom. “Lets me see.” I was just about to raise
my dress when a couple people walked in. I looked at Jenny but she said,
“Lets have a look. You don’t have anything they haven’t seen.” I looked
up and now the two women that walked in were watching. I moaned and raised
my dress so Jenny could see. “Come on let me have a look,” Jenny said as
she grabbed my dress and pulled it all the way up over my head.

I went ahead and removed the dress the whole way. “Now are you happy?”

Jenny nodded and began to circle me. She knelt down looked my over.
“She really did pull that crotch strap tight didn’t she. I see now why
you have been moving so slow. I like the way it looks down there, I think
I’ll leave it alone.” She stood up and grabbed one of my nipples. “What
do you think, ladies? Feel free to look around.”

I moaned and the modeled for them. Just as I got started the vibrators
started again, stronger then last time. The women walked up and looked
closer. One of them started to feel my legs then my waist. I was surprised
when she stuck her hand between my legs and started to rub the crotch strap.
She continued to rub my crotch even after I came. I started to back away
when Jenny said, “Mary, you can either stand there and let her play or
I will tie you up in here and let anyone who comes in play with you. I
will leave you here till I’m done shopping.” I stopped my retreat and she
woman continued to play till I had two more orgasms in rapid succession.

I was so spent that I just collapsed onto the floor. It seemed like
that was the cue for the other one to join in. She knelt down next to me
and began to nibble on my exposed nipples. I saw Jenny remove the two pair
of handcuffs from her purse. She attached one to each wrist then locked
the other end to pipes under a couple of sinks. Jenny then got up and locked
the door. Between the vibrators, my nipples being chewed on and my crotch
strap being played with I came again, this one was the strongest yet. I
must have started to scream or at least make more noise then they wanted.
When I recover enough to realize what was going one around my one the woman
a hand over my mouth. They got up and walked to the door. “Thanks,” one
of them said to Jenny.

“No problem,” she replied. The women walked out and the Jenny released
my handcuffs and helped me get dressed. “No!” she said as I reached down
to release my thighs. When I was dressed and I fixed my hair we continued
shopping for about 20 minutes. Then Jenny decided it was time to leave
and go eat. All during the meal she kept turning the dildos on and off.
After we ate we left and I was good and horny again.

“Where are we going now?” I asked.

“Home so you can take a nap. I have plans for the evening and I don’t
want you to wimp out on me,” she replied with an evil grin. As we pulled
into the dorm parking lot she turned vibrators on full. I just looked at
her and she said, “Come on sweetie. I did not say that I was going let
you go to sleep right away did I?”

We walked to the room and I made it inside just as I had an orgasm.
The vibrators were left on as Jenny removed my dress and laid me on my
bed. She then removed her pants and panties and the sat on the end on the
bed with her legs spread. Since I knew what she wanted I began to lick
her. It was really difficult to concentrate with the vibrators going so
strongly. I finally was able to make her cum. Just as she had her orgasm
I also came. When we both recovered she gave me the keys to my outfits
so I could remove them and take a shower. I showered, cleaned the toys
and went to sleep.

Jenny woke me up a few hours later. “Are you ready for a really good
time?” she asked.

“Where are we going?”

“That’s for me to know and you to find out,” she replied. “You will
be wearing tight rubber and be tied up most of the night. You will have
at least two orgasms too. Don’t worry nobody here will know anything, unless
they to are into this kinda stuff. Just get dressed and don’t worry about
making it nice. We will change when we get there.”

“I take it you’re not going to tell me, are you?” I asked.

“Nope,” was all she said as she went to take a shower. After her shower
she got dressed in normal clothes and we left. We drove for about 30 minutes
before we pulled into a parking lot of what looked like a warehouse. We
got out of the car and walked inside.

The area we walked into was a small room with two women sitting behind
a counter. They were wearing bright red bikini tops and G-string bottoms.
Jenny just grabbed my arm and pulled my into the room marked “Women.” There
were two women inside what looked like a normal living room. The women
were finishing changing into leather dominatrix outfits. They just smiled
at us and left through a different door. I could hear loud music from there.

“You have got to be kidding. You’re going to tie me up and drag me out
there?” I argued.

“That was the plan. I wouldn’t worry too much. You won’t be the only
one tied up in there. This is a bondage and fetish club,” Jenny said. “I’ll
tell you what, you change into the clothes I got you and we’ll go in and
look around. If you change your mind, I’ll tie you up. If you don’t then
we’ll have a few drinks and leave.”

I thought it over and said, “OK. That sounds good.” Jenny tossed a
duffle bag she was carrying to me. I opened it and dumped out the contents.
Inside was the heavy rubber suit I was shown at the store, boots, and assorted
bondage gear.

With some help I was able put on the suit. All the boning in the waist
made it feel like I was wearing a corset. After everything was adjusted
my waist was 3 inches smaller. After I put the boots on Jenny asked, “Do
you want to wear the hood I brought, that way if there’s anyone you know
they won’t recognize you?”

“What about you? Are you going to hide your face?” I asked.

“No. Last time I was here there was nobody I knew,” she replied.

“Last time?” I asked.

“Ya. This is my second time assigned here,” she said. “Are you ready
to go?”

“Let’s do it before I change my mind,” I said.

We walked out the back door of the changing room into a large club.
There was a large dance floor in front of a stage. On either side of the
dance floor were booths and tables. The club also had two large bars on
either end. There were two hallways leading into different rooms. All the
people in the club were wearing skimpy leather, rubber outfits, or some
sort or form of bondage clothing or gear.

“In here almost anything goes. Sex is allowed but it cannot be paid
for. The main thing to remember is that there is to be no real pain or
blood. If bondage is involved the gags are not to be used unless the person
is wearing a limit tag. They tell people what they can and can’t do to
you. Limit tags can be got from one of the bars or the waitresses. The
booths and tables that are red must be rented. They are designed with bondage
and sex in mind. They are rented because after we are done with them they
must be cleaned and sterilized before the group can use them,” Jenny explained.

She took my hand and we walked around. There were a good number of people
in various forms of restraint. Most people ignored the bound people, except
for the person playing with them. The red booths and table were built differently.
They had anchor point in various place. The dance floor was full but not
packed.

“What’s down there?” I asked Jenny, pointing to a hallway.

“That is where the serious bondage games are,” she said. “Let’s go check
it out.” She pulled me down one. Along the walls heading into the other
room were some people tied to the wall. All the people tied up here were
being messed with. “People on the ‘boardwalk’ are free game. They are put
there by the master or mistress when they are bad or they are just bored.
The time above their head tells you how long they have left. The person
tied up decides how long they are there for. One night I was there for
one hour. I had a really good time.”

We walked into another large room. The room looked like a large dungeon.
All around were different kinds of bondage and restraint devices. Along
two walls were many places to attach people in many different positions.
Along the other walls were booths and tables that looked like the ones
designed for bondage in the main room. There were about 16 people in various
forms of bondage. Most of them had people messing with them. We walked
around and looked at all the people and devices.

“What do you think? Are you interested?” Jenny asked.

I looking around and thought it looked fun but I said, “Maybe later.”

“Let’s have a few drinks, then we can leave,” Jenny said.

We went and sat at one of the tables watching the action and had a few
drinks. There was a woman strapped to a wooden X. She was wearing a latex
body suit. The interesting thing about the suit was the two wires hanging
between her legs and connected to the floor. There were two women standing
around a table near her laughing. One of them turned a knob on the table
and the bound woman began to squirm and moan loudly. After a short time
she had an orgasm.

Jenny just sat there looking at me as I watched. Finally I asked, “What
did you have in mind?”

She looked at me and with a grin and said “I was thinking of starting
lightly and then maybe before we leave I was thinking I might put you on
the wall.”

“I don’t know about the wall but I think I’ll let you start lightly,”
I told her.

She immediately started to dig in the bag she carried that had all the
bondage stuff. She grabbed one wrist and pulled me over to a booth. I was
sat down in the middle of a bench and Jenny locked my wrists, spread out
to the top of the back of it. She had attached locks to the clips that
were already connected to the suit. Next she spread my knees and locked
them to the bench; again using latches attached to the suit. I pulled and
jerked but was unable to even begin to get loose.

“The people really knew were to put those anchors, didn’t they?” Jenny
asked.

Again I pulled and was unable to get loose. “Yes, they did. I can’t
get loose. The spacing is good too,” commented.

Jenny then reached down and unzipped my crotch. She reached down and
started to play with my clit. She just teased me for a few minutes then
stopped just as I was really getting excited. Some guy asked if she wanted
to dance. “Just let me make sure she does not get bored,” she said. Jenny
reached into her bag and removed a large vibrator. With little effort she
slid it all the way into my wet pussy. She turned it on and then zipped
up my crotch. She gave me a kiss and said, “Don’t go anywhere.” Jenny walked
into the other room with her dance partner, leaving me locked to the bench
with powerful vibrator working hard inside.

I sat there for a few minutes and just enjoyed the vibrator. I knew
that it wouldn’t push me over the edge but I tried to enjoy it anyway.
A guy came over and sat down next to me. “Hi. I figured that since my brother
went off with your friend I should come over and keep you occupied. I see
you can’t help yourself, do you want a drink?” the guy asked.

“I could use a drink,” I replied.

He ordered a couple of drinks and then said, “I’m Zack.”

“I’m Mary,” I replied. I tried to reach up to shake his but the lock
held me tight. “I would shake your hand but I’m kinda tied up right now.”

He laughed and said, “That’s ok.” He gave me a few drinks and we talked.
He noticed that I was starting to squirm. He reached down between my legs
and rubbed my crotch. “I see why you are squirming. Would you like some
help with your little problem?”

He continued to rub me until I said, “No, thanks. The vibrator is doing
just fine.”

We talked for a few more minutes then Jenny came back. “Will you look
at you. I leave you alone and tied up for a few and you’re still able to
still get a guy.”

Jenny sat down and her friend sat next to her. His name was Max. He
was Zack’s twin brother. We talked for a little bit then Jenny stuck her
foot into my crotch. It felt good but still it would not push me over the
edge. Zack leaned over and asked me to dance, but I told him I was kinda
stuck.

Jenny threw Zack some keys and said, “As long as you keep her locked
up I don’t see a problem.” Zack gave her a strange look and she said, “She
lost a bet and has to stay in bondage all night.”

“I get it,” Zack said. He released my thighs and kept the locks. Then
he removed the locks from my wrists and pulled me to my feet. I was turned
around and he locked my wrists together. Then he pushed my elbows together
and locked them together. “I think you’re ready.”

We walked to the other room and began to dance. It was really difficult
with my arms bound the way they were. The next song was a slow song and
he pulled me close. As we danced he began to grab my ass. Not soon after
I felt him reach a hand down and start to play with my crotch. I looked
around and noticed that not very many people were really paying attention
so I let him continue. He stopped after the song ended and we went back
to the table. I could not believe my eyes; Jenny had Max tied up to a bench
and she was playing with him. Zack gently pushed me to the bench and sat
next to me.

“Did you enjoy the dance?” Jenny asked, as she continued to stroke Max.

“What is this all about?” Zack asked. “I know Max, what’s he getting
out of this?”

“I told him I would let him tie me up when I was done with him,” Jenny
replied. As she said that Max came, but Jenny kept messing with him. He
pulled but the straps held him good. It did not take long before he came
a second time. “How was it?”

“It was good. Just give me a minute and it will be your turn,” he said
as Jenny released him. When he was released he gave Jenny a kiss and then
put his pants on. Once he was dressed he took her by the hand and pulled
her away.

“Do you want to watch or maybe even join them?” Zack asked.

“I would really like some water. After that I want watch… As far as joining
we will see.” I replied.

He ordered a beer and some water for me. We talked for the few minutes
it took for the drinks to get there. The waitress put a straw in the water
and left. A few minutes later we got up and went looking for Jenny. Despite
me asking Zack would not release my arms. We went into the other bondage
room and found Max looking for us.

“There you are,” he said. “We’re in here.”

He walked into a room. Jenny was tied standing spread eagle. She had
some kind of electrodes covering her nipples. There was a pole sticking
up from the floor going all the way into her pussy. She had the lower half
of her face covered with some kind gag. She just looked at me and blushed.

“What do you think of your mistress now?” Max asked.

I stared at her and said, “She looks good. What’s with the nipples?”

“They’ll send a mild electric shock through them,” Max replied.

I walked around Jenny and look at the rest of the room. Max and Zack
just watched me and messed with Jenny’s bound body. This room was filled
with all kinds of large bondage equipment. In one corner was a large contraption
that looked like a mummy sarcophagus but with the legs spread. When I stopped
to look at it Zack came over and opened it. Inside it looked like someone
would lay inside with her legs spread.

“Do you want to give it a try?” Zack asked.

“What does it do?”

“Do you want to give it a try?” he asked again. “It was a simply question.
As far as what does it do you will have to get in and find out.”

I heard Jenny begin to moan and turned to look. The pole between her
legs was moving in and out, and it was also rotating. I watched her for
a few minutes, then asked Zack “How long will I be in it?”

“For 30 minutes. Then I will put you on a table and fuck you good,”
he replied.

“You sound sure of yourself,” I said “What makes you so sure I’ll let
you?”

He gave me a smug look and said, “That’s the only way you’ll find out
what this does.” As he said that he closed the sarcophagus, walked over
and started to play between Jenny’s legs. I watched for a little bit longer
and finally gave in.

“Ok. Zack, you win. But no pain and you will use protection,” I said.

“Fair enough,” he said as he walked over and unlocked my arms. I stretched
them out as he put the locks on a table. “Please remove that suit of yours.”
I stripped and then walked over to the sarcophagus. Zack opened it and motioned
me inside facing the inside. He guided my arms into holes inside the rubber
padding. My legs, up to my thighs, were put into similar holes.  There
was room for me to move my head and I realized that I could see out the
other side. “This is your last chance. Once I close this you’re mine for
the next 30 minutes.”

“Close it before I change my mind,” was my response.

He closed the back and locked it. I felt the rubber begin to tighten
around my arms and legs. They were squeezed snuggly into place, completely
unable to move. My breasts were grabbed and pulled forward as something
was wrapped tightly around the base of each one, then they were released.
Rubber was inflated around the rest of my body except my breasts and from
my waist to my upper thighs. The rubber was so tight that I couldn’t move
but it was not uncomfortable.

“This is it. Are you sure you wish to proceed?” he asked.

“This is fun. Let’s do it.” I replied.

He grinned and walked away so I could not see him. A rubber cock gag
was raised and gently pushed against my mouth. I opened my mouth and the
gag was pushed into place. Rubber was stretched around my head and secured
behind. Now I could not even ask him to stop if I wanted to, which I didn’t.

The machine began to hum and then I was rotated to the laying down position.
Next I felt a soft probe begin to explore my uncovered crotch area. It
didn’t take long for the probe to find both my openings, however it didn’t
really enter either one. Once the probe pulled away I felt a dildo pushing
gently into my pussy. The dildo slid into me really deep. It stopped just
before it was uncomfortable, and then it backed out so only the head was
still inside me. I moaned when a smaller dildo began to make its way into
my ass. It was smaller than the one in my panties but it still felt good
going in. The bigger one began to fuck me. It went all the way in and out
to where just the head remained in. The movements were too slow to push
me over but they really made me horny.

Soon after the one in my ass started to move also and my breasts began
to get massaged. With all the activity I came quickly. As I was recovering
the activity stopped. When I finally caught my breath the dildos started
to move slowly again. They continued and after a few minutes the dildos
began to vibrate. Despite the vibrations I was not able to cum a second
time. I was really hot and ready to cum but I was denied. I laid there
for a long time but still I was denied my orgasm. Just when I thought I
was going to be completely deprived of my second orgasm the dildos start
to speed up and the vibrations increased. I was shoved over by an electric
shock that went between my ass and pussy. The shock continued throughout
the whole orgasm. The shocks stopped but the vibrators continued and brought
me to another orgasm.

After that both the dildos stopped and pulled out. The machine then
loosened its hold on me and began to open up. I was surprised when the
gag remained in place and my breasts were still squeezed at the base. Looking
down I saw each of my breasts were wrapped tightly in a one-inch thick
rubber band.

“Leave it in,” Zack said as I reached up to examine the gag. The gag
covered my whole lower face and was wrapped around my head. I could not
feel where the gag came open. Jenny was released from her bondage and was
getting dressed. “Come here dear.”

I walked over to Zack. He was standing by a padded sawhorse with straps
attached to it. When I got there he bent me over and buckled a strap around
my neck. He grabbed my arms one at a time and strapped them to separate
legs of the sawhorse. My waist was next to be buckled. He pulled that one
tighter than I though was really needed. He just laughed when I moaned
a protest into the gag. My legs were spread out and strapped to separate
legs. All I could do was lay there and wait for what was going to happen
next.

Zack came up behind me and gently ran his fingers down my spine. I wiggled
and squirmed as he did. “I see you are ticklish,” he said. Zack then tickled
both my sides lightly. Again all I could to was squirm and wiggle. He stopped
after a minute and then reached between my legs and began to play with
my clit. I moaned, pulled and tried everything I could to get him to stop.
With all my orgasms I was really sensitive there and really wanted him
to stop. He continued to play with my poor clit for a few minutes.

When
he stopped he stood up and unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock.
He slid it inside me and began to fuck me. He also reached around and began
to squeeze my nipples. I was quickly building up to another orgasm and
then we came together. This was the most intense one I had all night. I
screamed into the gag and pulled wildly against my bonds. He continued
to fuck me even after his orgasm. I rode out a second orgasm that was just
as strong as the first. Finally the waves of ecstasy died down and I was
able to relax. I came so hard the first time that I hadn’t even realize
that Zack pulled out and Max was fucking me.

I lay there and rested as Jenny and the guys talked about the amount
of fun they had and were making plans to do it again. “What do you think,
Mary?” Jenny asked. They had made plans to meet at a restaurant at 4 and
then come here, next Friday. I moaned into my gag and nodded yes. “Good!
Gentlemen we have a date.”

“Ok We’ll see ya’ll then,” Max said as he and Zack left the room.

“Now, what am I to do with you?” Jenny asked as she ran her fingernails
down my back. I was so worn out that I barely reacted. “I take it you’re
as beat as you look.”

After I nodded, Jenny began to release me from the bench. She then stood
me up and turned me around to face her. She began to remove the gag. The
rubber material wrapped all the way around my head and stuck to itself
in the front.

“Did you know them before today?” I asked.

“Yes I did. Believe it or not but Zack works in my shop. He is a very
good machinist. Max I met a few weeks ago when I was on leave, before I
checked in. Get dressed and then we can go. Leave the bands around your
breasts, I like the way they look,” Jenny said.

I looked in a mirror and noticed that the bands where so tight my breasts
formed nice round globes. Jenny handed me some powder to help me get into
my suit. After a few minutes and with some help from Jenny I was able to
get the suit on.

As we walked through the club Jenny asked “Do you want to be stuck to
the wall tonight?”

“Only if you’re stuck next to me,” I replied.

She looked as if she was thinking it over but said, “Not tonight. Maybe
next time.” We walked into the changing room, took a quick shower and then
put on our street clothes. I was glad that Jenny didn’t make me wear the
chastity belt. After we were dressed we got in the car, went to eat and
then went home.

When we got back home we both went to sleep. I was really looking forward
to showing Jack my new toys and telling him about the club.
