---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Stalker's Visit
authors:
- Colorninja
tags:
- F-m
- college
- dorm
- femdom
- strip
- naked
- force
- tease
- swallow
- digest
- absorb
- vore
- soft
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2016-10-16 00:00:00
---

“Hey.”

I jumped at the single word. Who had gotten into my dorm at this hour? I didn’t recognize that voice. I put the comic book down on the stack next to my bed. “Who’s there?” I asked.

The door opened the rest of the way. “You don’t recognize me? That’s a shame. I’m your biggest fan.” A girl stood before me. She was staring at me intently, like she expected me to do something, or maybe she was sizing me up.

I thought she looked maybe familiar, I might have passed her in the hallway a few times on the campus. “My biggest fan, huh? Do I have a lot of those?”

“Oh, you used to have a few, but I made sure that the rest of them wouldn’t be able to act upon it. I convinced them that another guy was interested in them, and when they found out that it wasn’t true, it crushed their hearts, causing them to lose all self-esteem. They left no competition in my quest for you.” She looked about my size, but might’ve been a bit taller, I couldn’t tell from my bed. Whoever she was, she certainly seemed engrossed in me. I’d go so far as to say that what she did was classic yandere, if yandere ever could be stereotyped.

I sat up on my bed. “And so how does this involve you being in my room in the middle of the night on a Saturday? I’m trying to study for college.”

She smirked. “Study what? ‘The Adventures of Spider Man?’ No, you aren’t busy. I made sure of that before I picked your lock. In any case, I’m a dominant person. I always have been. Tonight I want our bodies to become one, and I will do whatever it takes to get it.”

“What!? I’m not ready for—”

“Shut up and listen. You’re going to take all of your clothes off and lay down on the ground on your back.”

“NO!”

Not a second passed by after this before she was on top of me, her face right in mine. She smiled. “What was that?” She started pulling something from her pocket slowly. I saw her dangle a syringe between her fingers. “Tonight’s the night. I’m not waiting. If you try to stop me, I’ll inject you with this and you’ll be asleep in seconds, and you’d much rather be awake to enjoy it, wouldn’t you?” She paused for a while, then when I didn’t answer, asked, “Hmm?”

I nodded slowly.

“Good. I’m glad we see the same way.” Her voice and expression went back to the same happy, childlike expression she’d worn when she came through the door. She backed off my lap and watched.

I did as she had instructed; if she was this enamored with me, if I called anyone for help, she would probably kill them and then get what she wanted.

As I pulled my underwear off, I noticed her looking at my abdomen. I watched in horror as she licked her lips. I didn’t want to have my first lover like this! But there wasn’t anything I could do about it at the time being. I lay on the ground on my back, like she told me.

I heard some shuffling around, then when she came into my field of view, she was only wearing her underwear. Seeing my gaze, she turned around, giving me a good look at her body. She seemed pretty lightly built, but had enough of a bulge at both ends to get certain kinds of guys interested. It was a pity she hadn’t just asked to be my girlfriend; she was actually pretty beautiful.

“Hee hee hee! Like what you see? You’ll be my first! Now close your eyes! If you peek or squirm at all, I’ll make you go sleepy!”

I closed my eyes. I was prepared to feel her weight come down on top of me, to find what intimacy felt like, but after waiting for a few moments, I was wondering if she would even do it at all.

I nearly opened my eyes before she said, “Ah-ah-ah, don’t you dare open an eyelid! I’ve trained my body for this, and I think I can do it to you with little strain at all on my body.”

I nearly jumped out of my skin when I felt something wet on my head. “Hey! What the heck are you doing!” I sat up and turned around to see her on her knees with her mouth open.

Her voice was grave. “If you want to be awake to enjoy your last few minutes before you become part of my body, you’ll lay back down and not move a muscle until I have you in my stomach.”

I was terrified. She was going to eat me! How was that possible? How could I fit? I was going to die!

She gently guided me back onto the floor. I was too scared to resist. “There, there, that’s better. You’ll be fine.” The warm wetness came back again. I tried to relax my quivering body as much as I could as my head was tightly enveloped in wet flesh. “Mmmm…” I shuddered in fear. Why did I have to die this way?

She started swallowing my face as her lips reached my neck. I was hopeful, but all my resistance left me once she pulled her mouth over both of my shoulders. My deathbed would be in her stomach. But wait! Would she be able to fit me? Couldn’t I hope that she would get too full and wasn’t be able to bring me down?

Her mouth crawled over my chest, my belly, my waist… Here she paused a minute to lick me. My head was touching the bottom of her stomach. Maybe, if I moved enough…

A jab from a needle point reminded me that she was going to get me down if it was the last thing she did. I went limp once more. She started using her arms to force me in, making my face even more uncomfortable as her stomach seemed to stretch to accommodate me. My last hope was gone. She’d won. She was already up to my knees, and happily swallowing down those. In a mere minute I had been reduced to nothing more than this girl’s food.

I was really cramped, but I felt her poking me and heard her speaking. “Wow. I actually wasn’t sure I’d make it. You tasted wonderful, and feel even better in my stomach where you belong! Now I’m going to get off on the idea of you, being all stuck there in my stomach, nowhere to move, being slowly digested and becoming a part of me… Say, why don’t you move around a little bit for me in there?”

“Well… maybe because you just ruined my life and I don’t want you to get more pleasure out of this than you already have?” I put as much sarcasm in my voice as I could.

“Don’t be a spoilsport, I bet you like it as much as I do in there. Ooh, you’re going to be a part of me now forever! I’ll always have you with me! Oh, how I love you so much!”

This was wearing on my nerves more than her digestive system on my body.“Not that it matters now, since you’re telling me while I’m in here!”

Giggling. “It does matter. I love you thousands times more simply because you’re in my stomach. I told you, I’m a dominating person. I like being on top. Mmmm, yeah, I should do this again sometime…”

Her words gave me no consolance as her stomach gurgled and trickled digestive juices on my already-slimy saliva coated body…
