---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mandy_kelly_plaything.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Mandy and Kelly’s Plaything
authors:
- Jennifer
tags:
- FF/m
- bond
- D/s
- cons
- X
date: 2005-11-05 00:00:00
---

Mandy and Kelly’s Plaything by Jennifer
 Somebody once said curiosity killed the cat. Well in my case,
it didn’t kill me, but it certainly turned out to be a lot more unpleasant
that I anticipated.

 It was my own fault really. One Sunday afternoon, I was idly scanning
through some ads at the back of a local magazine, and for some reason,
one of them caught my eye. *Two mistresses require naughty boys for humiliating
correction* it read, *severe lessons at reasonable rates guaranteed.*
My curiosity was immediately aroused, and the term ‘reasonable rates’ was
tempting. For a long time I’d experimented with bondage by myself, but
I’d often wondered what it would be like to be properly restrained and
teased by a girl so that I couldn’t possible get out of it. Especially
if she knew what she was doing.

 I couldn’t resist it, so with a trembling hand, I picked up my
mobile and rang the number in the ad. A soft, silky voice answered. ‘Can
I help you?’

 ‘Yes’ I said, ‘I saw your ad in a magazine, and I was wondering
if I could arrange to visit you.’

 ‘What sort of service do you require?’ she asked.

 ‘Well actually’ I said awkwardly, ‘I’d like to try some really
strict bondage.’

 ‘Would you now?’ she chuckled, ‘Well you’ve certainly come to
the right person. It’s a speciality of mine. When would you like to come?’
I asked her how much she charged, and was pleasantly surprised to hear
how inexpensive it was going to be, so I arranged to pay her a visit the
following Saturday afternoon. 
‘By the way’ she said, ‘There will be two of us to take care of you,
and I can assure you we enjoy what we do. That’s why we charge such a low
fee.’ I rang off, tingling with anticipation, impatient for Saturday to
come.

 The week dragged by, but eventually Saturday came, and right on
time I found myself ringing the doorbell of a detached house in a pleasant
leafy London suburb. The door opened, and a tall attractive girl with long
brown hair opened the door. She smiled at me and said ‘You must be Greg’
she said, ‘Come on in.’ I went into the hallway, and she led me through
into the lounge. A good-looking blonde girl stood there and said ‘Hi, welcome
to our little house of correction. Take a seat.’ We all sat down, and the
brunette introduced herself as Mandy, while the other girl was Kelly.

 Mandy poured each of us a glass of refreshing orange juice and
as I took a sip she said ‘Right then. Now just what sort of thing are you
interested in?’

 ‘Well as I said on the phone’ I said, ‘I want to try some really
strict bondage. I want to be made to feel completely helpless and at your
mercy.’

 Kelly looked at Mandy and broke into a broad smile. ‘Well we can
certainly do that’ she chuckled. ‘Have you ever been trussed up before?’

 ‘Not since I was a kid playing cowboys and indians’ I said, ‘I’ve
tried tying myself up a few times, but obviously I’ve always done it so
that I could undo myself. No, I want to be properly helpless.’

 ‘And so you shall’ smiled Mandy, ‘I can promise you that with
the toys we’ve got, you’ll have absolutely no chance of getting out of
it. We are experts, believe me. But before we start, I think we’d better
settle up first.’

 ‘Oh sure’ I said, taking out my wallet, and I paid her the required
amount for an afternoon with them. ‘And just one other thing’ she added,
passing a printed form across to me. ‘This is a document in which you specifically
ask us to tie you up, exonerating us from any blame as to what may happen.
We don’t want you suing us afterwards.’

 ‘Fair enough’ I said, eager to start. I signed the form, barely
looking at what it said, and passed it back to her before draining my glass
of orange juice and putting the glass down on the table. Mandy watched
me empty the glass, looked at Kelly and gave a slight grin. ‘Good’ she
said, putting the money and the form into a drawer, ‘Come on through to
our little nursery play room.’ We all stood up and went out of the lounge,
down the passage, and into a room at the back of the house.

 The room was an Aladdin’s cave of bondage equipment, and it took
my breath away. Every imaginable device for restraint was visible. Handcuffs,
gags, leather arm binders and even a straight jacket all hung neatly in
their place. Straps and ropes of all sizes hung from the wall, and in one
corner was a set of stocks and a pillory. An examination couch fitted with
numerous straps was against the wall, and there was even an adult size
baby’s cot and highchair, both equipped with numerous restraining straps.

 ‘OK’ said Mandy, ‘Now the first thing I want you to do is take
off all your clothes. We’re going to give you something more appropriate
to wear.’ I did as I was told, and was soon stark naked. Kelly opened a
drawer and took out a large sized disposable baby’s nappy, a terry towel
nappy with some nappy pins, and a large pair of translucent plastic baby
pants. ‘Are those really necessary?’ I said hesitantly. ‘Of course’ grinned
Mandy, as she put the terry nappy on the floor and expertly folded it,
‘We don’t want any shall we say, little ‘accidents’ while you’re tied up,
so I’m just going to put this terry nappy on you, with the disposable as
a nappy liner. Now lie down on the floor while I put them on you.’ I saw
no real point in objecting, so I did as I was told. Mandy placed the disposable
nappy on top of the terry one, and as I lay on both of them in true baby
fashion, she quickly brought the disposable one up between my legs and
brought the points together at the front before taping them shut. Then
she pulled up the corners of the terry nappy on top, and pinned them tightly
in place. Finally she pulled the plastic baby pants on over my ankles and
pulled them up my legs. ‘Botty up’ she smiled, and as I obliged, she pulled
them up around my hips and tucked the elasticated lags and waist in around
the nappy.

 ‘Humiliating, isn’t it?’ She grinned, and Kelly chuckled as she
said ‘There we are, now we can start.’ She went to a drawer, and came back
with two palm-sized bags of black leather, together with what looked like
a pair of soft black leather mittens. Kelly put one of the small bags into
my right hand. ‘Just hold this, will you?’ she said. I did as she said,
and could feel that the bag had been filled with what I suspected were
polystyrene foam particles. Once my fingers had closed around the bag,
Mandy immediately pulled one of the mittens onto my hand, completely enclosing
it. ‘You’ll notice that these mittens are fingerless’ she said, ‘They’re
made of leather, and once your hands are in these, they are forced into
tight fists that you cannot open. The wrist strap locks on with a key.’
The mitten fitted tightly over my hand, and once it was in place I couldn’t
move my fingers at all. I heard the wrist strap lock click shut, and my
hand was sealed in the unyielding leather mitten. A moment later my other
hand was sealed into its mitten and my hands were now completely helpless.

 ‘Good’ said Mandy, ‘Now lie down on the mat face down and put
your arms behind your back.’ There was a wooden pallet covered with a plastic
covered foam mat on the floor with several straps attached to it, and the
two girls positioned me on it so that I was lying on my front.

 ‘Okay then,’ said Mandy ‘Let’s get you trussed and hogtied.’

 ‘Hogtied? I said, ‘Well that won’t be very comfortable.’

 ‘Who said anything about you being comfortable?’ grinned Mandy,
‘You asked for it, and now you’re going to get it in full measure.’

 She opened a drawer, and pulled out what looked like a long, tapered
bag of black leather fitted with numerous straps and buckles up and down
its length.

‘This is called a single sleeve arm binder’ said Kelly, ‘And you can
see that it’s pretty simple. It’s a shaped piece of leather that fits over
your arms and is designed to make them completely helpless. Here at the
bottom is where your hands go, and the rest of the binder fits over your
arms up to your armpits. The width of the binder will pin your arms together
from fingertip to elbow tightly, almost together, and the straps around
the outside will wrap around your arms about every five inches. The binder
goes all the way up to your shoulders. And of course, we’re going to strap
you into it as tightly as we can.’

 Suddenly realising that wearing the arm binder might well be more
uncomfortable that I’d really anticipated, I began to have second thoughts,
so I tried to get up again, but Mandy was on me and forced me down onto
my stomach again. I felt the leather sheath being slid up my arms, and
knew that there was no way that I was going to escape its tight embrace.
Long laces ran up the entire length of the arm binder rather like a shoe,
and slowly the two girls began to tighten them unmercifully. They certainly
didn’t intend me to be comfortable. It took at least five minutes for them
to tighten the laces all the way up the arm binder from the tips of my
fingers up to my shoulders, but by the time they’d finished, my arms were
clamped together from wrist to elbow, and the leather stretched tightly
around my arms like a strong, unyielding skin. There was absolutely no
slack anywhere along the entire length of the binder.

 A flap with a zipper ran up the length of the arm binder all the
way up my arms, and covered the laces. The girls closed it up, and secured
it shut with a lock at the top to stop it from going back down. Then they
buckled closed all the straps around the outside of the binder. One at
the wrists, one at mid forearm, one at the elbows, and one at the top around
my biceps, just below the opening at the top. Each strap was pulled tight
and each buckle was locked shut with a small padlock. Finally, Mandy took
two long straps attached the top of the arm binder, ran them up over my
shoulders, crossed them over my chest, and then ran them back behind me,
under my armpits, and buckled them together behind my shoulders. There
was now no way that the arm binder could possibly be slipped down and off
my arms.

 I winced at the unaccustomed strain. ‘Look, this is too much’
I gasped, ‘I didn’t expect this. Let me go, I’ve had enough.’

 ‘Not likely’ chuckled Kelly, ‘We’ve hardly started yet. You asked
for this remember, and you’re going to get it whether you like it or not.
Now let’s get started on your legs.’ She pulled out a larger version of
the arm binder which was now tightly laced up behind my back, and I realised
that it must be a leg binder. But how did it work? Just the same as the
arm binder, as I was about to find out, and much to my discomfort.

 First of all they strapped my ankles together securely, and tucking
my feet into the bottom end of the leg binder, they slipped it on over
my legs and up to my thighs. Then the lacing up began, just as they’d done
with my arms. Starting with the bottom of the opening next to my ankles,
they steadily worked their way up my legs, tightening the laces as they
went. Past my calves, my knees, and finally reaching my thighs, where they
secured the ends of the laces in a non-slip double bow. Then they buckled
shut the straps around my ankles, below my knees, above my knees, and finally
around my thighs. Like my arms, I now felt as if my legs had been welded
together.

 ‘Right.’ said Mandy, ‘That’s got your legs nicely together. Now
let’s really immobilise them.’ She picked up a black rectangle of soft
leather rather like a very wide strap, about a foot wide and four feet
long. Down the edge of the two shorter sides ran a series of holes through
which laces could be threaded. Putting it on the floor next to me, Mandy
said ‘Now bend his legs up behind him.’ As I lay face down, they bent my
legs at the knee until my heels were touching my bottom. Then Mandy slipped
the leather rectangle under my legs so that the one foot width ran from
my bent knees up to my thighs. This broad strap now stuck out about a foot
and a half on the floor on either side of my legs. Mandy brought up the
ends of the strap together over my legs, and started to lace the two edges
together. My bent legs and thighs were now enclosed by this wide leather
strap, and Mandy began tightening the laces.

 Gradually she worked her way from my bent knees at the bottom
up towards my ankles, which were now directly over my thighs and bottom.
As they pulled the laces tighter and tighter, the leather sleeve closed
around my bent legs, forcing my heels tighter and tighter against my bottom.
As she tied the laces off in a non-slip double bow next to my ankles, Kelly
said. ‘There, I don’t think you’ll be able to even wriggle your legs now.
But just to be sure....’ She took a couple of broad leather straps, and
running them around my thighs and bent legs, buckled them tightly in place.
Now my legs were completely and uncomfortably immobilised in the leather
leg binder, bent up behind me.

 I groaned with the discomfort, and said ‘But you can’t keep me
like this, this is too much. I really have had enough, so let me go will
you?’

 Mandy looked at me and chuckled. ‘After all the trouble we’ve
taken? Not likely. I think it’s time to stop your whingeing, so what do
you reckon Kelly, d’you think we should gag him next?’

 ‘Definitely’ grinned Kelly. She opened a drawer and took out a
large red rubber ball gag fitted with an array of leather straps and buckles.
I gulped as I looked at it. Suddenly desperate to avoid being humiliatingly
and uncomfortably silenced, I said ‘Look, I promise I won’t make any noise
if you don’t gag me’ I pleaded. But my plea fell on deaf ears. Gagging
me into silence was obviously part of their enjoyment. Ignoring my request,
Mandy held up the gag so that I could see it properly. ‘This is a head
harness gag’ she explained, ‘It’s designed to keep this red rubber ball
tightly wedged in your mouth. Once it goes in, the only sound you’ll be
able to make is a quiet little muffled gurgle. Very effective, and very,
very uncomfortable after a while, as you’re about to find out. There’s
no chance of you being able to slip it off, because once the straps are
fastened, your jaws will be firmly locked around the ball gag in your mouth
and will clamp your jaws tightly together. Oh yes, it’s wonderfully effective.’

 I had been listening to her explanation with increasing horror.
‘Look’ I pleaded, ‘I promise I won’t make another sound, but please don’t
put that thing in my mouth. I’ll choke!’

 ‘No you won’t’ she said coolly, ‘We’ve used it several times before,
and even tested it on each other as well, so don’t try that one. Now let’s
get it on you.’

  She handed the head harness to Kelly, put her knee in my back,
and pulled my head back, so I opened my mouth involuntarily. These girls
really knew what they were doing, and the moment I opened my mouth, Kelly
instantly forced the ball past my teeth and into my unwilling mouth. After
a few seconds of struggling, the ball forced my jaw wide enough for her
to push the ball right into my mouth, filling it completely, and holding
my tongue firmly down. I groaned and tried to pull my head away, but while
Kelly held my head still, Mandy rapidly pulled the main strap of the gag
tight behind my head and buckled it shut securely at the back of my neck.
But this was a full head harness, and there were other straps to be fastened.
One ran from either side of my mouth with a triangular gap through which
my nose protruded. It then went up the front of my face, over the top of
my head, and buckled onto the strap behind my neck. Another strap ran under
my jaw, up the sides of my head, and met at a tightening buckle at the
top of my head. As Mandy tightened the jaw strap, it forced my jaws to
clamp firmly around the ball gag, making it impossible to move my jaw at
all. I tried to give a shout of protest, but the only sound I could make
was a quiet and muffled ‘Mmmmmmp!’

 And yet they still hadn’t finished. Mandy looked down at me, grinned,
and said ‘That’s better. Now we can talk without any interruptions from
you. But we still have something else to make that gag even more effective.’
She picked up a soft piece of leather about four inches square. On each
vertical side there were four small straps, one above the other. She placed
the leather square over my mouth, and stated to attach the straps to buckles
that ran up the sides of the head harness along the jaw strap. One by one
she tightened them, which had the effect of forcing the ball gag even deeper
inside and completely sealing my mouth.

 I could hardly believe what was happening to me. I’d asked for
severe bondage, but I hadn’t realised how uncomfortable it was going to
be. I struggled for a few seconds, testing my restraints to see if there
was any slack. There was none, and after several seconds of frustrated
squirming and writhing in my tight leather cocoon, I panicked, and began
to scream as loudly as I could. But all this produced was a quiet, muffled
‘Mmmmmmph!’, and I began to moan piteously into my gag.

 The girls looked down at me and chuckled as they sensed my frustration.
‘Well now’ said Mandy, ‘I think it’s time for the leather hood. You’re
going to absolutely love this (I don’t think).’ She went to a draw and
took out what looked like a black bag of soft leather with several straps
and buckles hanging from it. It was also fitted with several metal D rings
sewn onto it so that the wearer could be attached to any fixture. She knelt
down in front of me and held it up for me to see. ‘This is how it works’
she said. ‘This hood will cover your face like a second skin. There are
small holes for you to breathe through your nose, but otherwise there are
no other openings at all. And you’re going to be in it for the whole time
you’re tied up. I hope you don’t mind the dark’ she giggled.

 I looked at it with growing horror, and in no way intended to
allow that thing to be put over my face, so I strained and struggled to
move away, shaking my head violently from side to side. But it was a futile
gesture of course. The girls had everything well in hand, and while Kelly
held my head still, Mandy held the hood in front of my face. The hood was
in one piece, and could be opened wide at the back of the head, with laces
that ran all the way from the top of the wearer’s  head and down the
back to the base of the neck. Mandy loosened the laces and brought the
hood down over my head.

 There was nothing I could do as the leather pressed firmly against
my face, and I was plunged into darkness as the soft leather moulded itself
over my face. Mandy began to lace the hood tightly shut down the back of
my head. She pulled the laces tighter and tighter, and the leather closed
firmly around my head. Soft pads covered my eyes, and a thick leather pad
covered the ball gag filling my mouth. As the leather hood tightened, the
pad over my mouth forced the ball gag even further into my mouth. Tighter
and tighter the hood was laced shut behind my head, closing off all light,
and any hope of escape. I suddenly felt like a thing rather than a person.

 The lacing down the back of the hood was covered with a flap that
she zipped shut down from the top of my head to my neck, making access
to the laces impossible, and after closing it, she took a small padlock
with which she locked the zipper to a D ring attached to the hood at the
base of my neck. Now no one could remove the hood without the key to that
little padlock. But Mandy hadn’t finished yet. A two and a half inch wide
strap was sewn onto the hood around the level of my eyes, and she pulled
it tight before locking the buckle shut at the back of my head. Then a
second strap across my gagged mouth was tightened around my head and locked
at the back. Finally, a wide strap that ran under my chin, over my rubber
filled cheeks and up to the top of my head was tightened as tightly as
Mandy could pull it and this too was locked shut at the top of my head.
Once this strap had been tightened, my jaws were clamped securely around
the ball gag in my mouth.

 ‘Right’ said Mandy, ‘That’ll keep you nice and quiet. Now let’s
just increase your discomfort, shall we?’ I gave a soft little moan, wondering
just how much more uncomfortable I could get. At the hands of Mandy and
Kelly, that was about to be easily demonstrated.

 Mandy took a narrow strap a couple of feet long with a clip at
each end and a buckle in the middle for adjusting the length. She clipped
one end to a D ring sewn into the toe end of the leg binder, and the other
end into a D ring sewn onto the arm binder next to my fingertips. Then
she pulled on the tightening buckle in the middle of the strap, and I felt
my feet being pulled towards my fingers. When she was satisfied that the
strap couldn’t be shortened any more, she buckled it and picked up another
long strap. She clipped it onto the same D ring next to my toes, and then
clipped the other end of the strap to a D ring sewn onto the back of the
strap running around my mouth and covering my gag. Now I was to learn what
real discomfort was. Mandy gave a chuckle and said ‘Remember you said you
wanted to experience strict bondage? Well see if this is strict enough
for you!’

 She started shortening the strap connecting the strap of my gag
to my feet, and as she did so, my head was pulled back and my back began
to arch as she pulled the strap tighter and tighter. At last I gave a little
moan, and she buckled the strap at this adjusted length. I gave another
muffled moan of discomfort as I soon found that any attempt to move my
feet resulted in the ball gag being pulled deeper into my mouth.

 ‘Well there we are’ said Mandy, ‘That’ll keep you out of mischief
for a while. We’re going to have some lunch now, so we’ll just leave you
like that. But first we’ll just make sure you can’t wriggle around too
much.’ I could hardly believe that I could be bound any more securely,
but total immobilisation was what Mandy wanted, and that was what she was
going to get. I felt a strap being buckled tightly around my waist, another
around my neck, and finally a third one around my legs behind my bent knees.
As they were tightened, I realised that Mandy was using the straps attached
to the pallet on which I was lying to anchor me down in such a way that
I couldn’t even roll over or move an inch in any direction. By now I couldn’t
move a muscle, and was completely unable to move, see, or make a sound
other than a quiet, muffled gurgle.

 ‘OK’ said Mandy, ‘Now you can stay there sucker. We’re going to
have a nice leisurely lunch, and as to when we’ll let you go, well, maybe
today, maybe not. Oh, and by the way, just to concentrate your mind, that
orange juice you gulped down so completely earlier on contained a large
overdose of a very powerful and quick acting laxative. I guarantee that
you’re going to start filling your nappy within the next couple of hours.
That’s why we put it on you. So have fun little baby.’ I was thunderstruck,
and began squirming and writhing in my tight leather prison. I moaned into
my gag, but by now I was more helpless than any real baby would have been.
This was something I couldn’t possibly have imagined, and the prospect
of what would happen when the laxative took full effect gave me an added
impetus to get free. But I simply couldn’t move. The girls certainly knew
how to make me uncomfortable, helpless and humiliated. They burst out laughing
at my hopeless attempt to relieve myself of the situation, and I heard
the laughter fade as they walked out of the room and left me alone and
in silence.

 I lay there quietly for a little while, wondering how on earth
I could have been stupid enough to put myself into their clutches. Fantasy
was one thing, but I was rapidly beginning to realise how different the
real thing was. Then I remembered that inside me the laxative was going
to result in something I hardly wanted to think about, and as the horrible
prospect grew more strongly in my mind, I instinctively tried to writhe
and squirm in my restraints, desperate to gain some kind of slack. I heaved
and bucked, but as before, only made myself hotter and hotter inside the
strong leather cocoon I was tightly imprisoned in. I decided to lay quiet
again, trying to relax as much as I could and not to fight against my restraints,
realising that my only means of escape lay in the girls releasing me. Until
then, there was nothing I could do except moan quietly into the huge rubber
ball gag filling my mouth, unable to see anything.

 The time passed slowly, and I almost began to doze off. But suddenly
I heard an ominous gurgle in my bowels and felt some movement. I knew that
the powerful laxative was beginning to take effect. By now wide awake again,
I tried to estimate how long I’d been tied up, but had no idea, locked
as I was into my dark, silent, leather cocoon. I couldn’t help but concentrate
on what was happening. The bowel movement repeated after a few minutes,
and gradually these movements became more frequent and intense as time
passed and the huge dose of laxative took effect. I suddenly felt the urge
to empty my bowels, but that was something I was determined to avoid, no
matter what. So began my real struggle. I desperately squirmed and heaved
as I tried to clench my buttocks closed and press my knees together, but
it wasn’t going to stop the approaching moment of supreme humiliation.
I began to writhe in my restraints more and more as I tried to resist what
I could feel moving down through my lower bowels inexorably towards my
bottom. I became frantic as I tried to struggle, but was held down immovably
by the strong leather straps anchoring me immovably in position.

 Inevitably though, nature took its irresistible course, and I
gave a muffled wail into my gag as an uncontrollable warm, sticky flood
oozed out into my nappy.  It was horrendous. I moaned with utter humiliation
as I felt it spread around my bottom and inside my nappy. I lay there,
sobbing quietly for a few minutes, but then I found that it wasn’t over
yet. The gurgling continued, and every so often I could feel yet another
burst coming out into my nappy. As I lay there, I could feel the nappy
squelching around my bottom every time I moved. I just lay there, drained
with emotion.

 All I could do was wait for the girls to return, bound more tightly
than I could have ever believed possible. Occasionally I tried once again
to get a little slack from the tight straps, but it was hopeless. They
wouldn’t give a millimetre. Time and again I gave a muffled moan into my
gag as I heaved and squirmed in my bonds, but it was completely useless.

 Eventually I heard the sound of footsteps, and realised that the
girls were returning. I felt the straps around my head being unfastened,
and blinked as the leather hood was lifted off my head. A grinning Mandy
and Kelly crouched down next to me.

 ‘Well well’ chuckled Mandy, ‘Still there are we?’

 ‘Mmmmmph’ I gurgled quietly as I looked up at her. Suddenly she
wrinkled up her nose. ‘Phew’ she said, ‘Something tells me that ickle baby’s
done poo poos in her nappy. Has she?’ With a low wail of despair I nodded
my head in the affirmative.

 ‘Oh goody’ she grinned ‘Humiliating, isn’t it?’ Once again I gave
a submissive little moan as I nodded my head.

 ‘Well’ she said, ‘We haven’t finished with you yet. We’ve decided
to leave you there like that overnight. If you’re lucky, we just might
let you go tomorrow evening. So you just lie there like that and suffer.’
Suddenly she stood up, bent over me, and chuckled with amusement as she
started to massage the area around my bottom. This caused the squelching
mess to spread further into every nook and cranny inside my nappy. It was
horrible. Kelly giggled. ‘I reckon he’ll have quite a severe nappy rash
by then’ she grinned, ‘From what I’ve seen of most babies, that muck will
give his skin quite a burn .’

 ‘Yep’ chuckled Mandy, ‘It sure will.’ She went across to the cot,
and taking down a pillow, she bent down and placed it under my head. ‘There
you are baby’ she said, ‘Aren’t I kind? You can rest your head on that.
Not that I think you’ll get much sleep tonight. Still, I think we’d better
put you in the dark again, just to help baby get to sleep.’ She started
arranging the straps and laces of the leather hood, and while I vainly
tried to shake my head wildly to prevent it, she quickly pulled the hood
back on my head, and soon had it laced up and locked on just as tightly
as before.

 ‘There we are then’ I heard Mandy chuckle, ‘Baby’s all settled
down for the night. Now you try and get some sleep, and we’ll be back in
the morning. In the meantime, nighty night, and pleasant dreams!’ I heard
them both laughing as I once again began to squirm and writhe in my leather
restraints, and then the laughter faded as they moved away, and I heard
the sound of the door being shut. I was alone again, and would be like
this all night long and the next day. I lay there and groaned with despair
into my gag.

 It proved to be the most uncomfortable night of my life, but as
the hours dragged on, despite my discomfort, I actually did manage to fall
asleep a couple of times, probably because I was so physically and mentally
exhausted.

 Mandy kept to her word, and I had to lay there for the next 24
hours. The next morning they came back to check that I hadn’t suffered
any serious effects, but by then I was almost too numb to feel anything
anyway. But they still decided to make me stay there until the full time
was up, and my ordeal continued for another 8 hours.

 But fortunately, all things come to an end, and late in the afternoon,
I felt the hood being once more removed. Mandy looked down at me, grinned,
and said ‘OK, I think you’ve suffered enough, it’s time to let you go.’
I gave a moan of relief as she unfastened and removed the harness gag,
and moved my stiff jaw from side to side.

 ‘Now just one thing’ said Mandy, ‘Don’t forget that you signed
that piece of paper in which you deliberately requested us to tie you up,
so don’t bother to even think of trying to sue us for assault or anything.
You asked for it, and you got it. Right?’

 I knew she was correct of course, and that I would have no comeback.
Besides, she was right. All they’d done was give me what I’d asked for,
so I certainly had no chance of prosecuting them. No, I’d just have to
put it all down to experience. ‘Don’t worry’ I said ruefully, ‘I know what
the score is. I don’t think you’ll be seeing me again. Once is enough!’

 ‘I wouldn’t bet on it’ she chuckled, ‘We’ve heard that before.
Now let’s get you out of this.’

 Slowly and carefully the two girls unfastened and removed my leather
bonds, and after a few minutes, I lay there on the pallet flexing my stiff
limbs, free, and dressed only in the nappy and plastic baby pants. ‘There’s
an adjacent bathroom just down the passage’ said Mandy, ‘Go down there,
clean yourself up with the toilet paper there, flush it down the loo, and
put the dirty nappy in the plastic bag ready to be thrown out. Then you
can take a shower and get dressed again. In the meantime I’ll make you
a cup of tea before you leave.’

 I climbed stiffly and unsteadily to my feet, and the girls giggled
as I waddled baby fashion in my nappy down to the bathroom. I cleaned myself
up as instructed, and gave a yelp of pain when the hot water hit my bottom.
I’d forgotten about the nappy rash.

 Rapidly recovering from my ordeal, I went back to the nursery
and dressed before going into the kitchen where the girls were waiting.
As I sat on my sore bottom and sipped my tea, they said what fun they’d
had with me, and Mandy said ‘If you ever want to try another session some
time, we’ll give you a discount.’

 ‘Another session?’ I said, ‘No way. Once is enough thanks.’

 And yet, believe it or not, I did return for another dose a few
months later. They knew me better than I knew myself. We tend to look back
on things with rose tinted glasses sometimes, and I was soon to find out
that the girls had an endless list of ideas for humiliating a mere male
in a variety of uncomfortable ways. But that’s another story.

THE END
