---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Corsets & Cuffs
authors:
- Iceni
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- bond
- corsets
- susp
- public
- armbinder
- sex
- toys
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter 1 Introduction**

Clack.......Clack, Clack.

The sound of Suzanna’s heels on the marble floor echoed around the hall.

Clack.....Clack again echoed around the hall as Suzanna moved her feet to try and maintain her balance. This was quite difficult as she was wearing 4” heels and her legs were held about 2’ apart by a spreader bar. Her arms were encased in a single glove and pulled up above her head forcing her to bend over at the waist while the ball gag in her mouth was preventing any communication. A few days ago this was just something she fantasised about but now there was no backing out she was going to have to accept whatever her master had in mind.

**Chapter 2 The Meeting**

It was a warm early Thursday evening in late June and Ryan Stone was helping prepare the cricket pitch for the forthcoming weekend’s game. He was crouching and looking intently down at the last screw he was fitting back into the old petrol mower he had just fixed, when a pair of trainers and ankles came into view next to the mower. Slowly lifting his head, his gaze followed up the shapely calves, knees and bare tanned thighs that led into a black mini skirt, then to the trim waist, tight fitting pink top and full breasts; before finally reaching a pretty smiling face with dark hair.

“Hi” said the twenty something girl, as Ryan stood up; now trying to maintain eye contact and not stare at the cleavage being displayed by the deeply hooped pink top. “I live in the Manor House over there” she continued turning and pointing to the house.

“I know” Ryan replied sneaking a look at those delicious breasts while her head was turned, “Impressive view.”

“Certainly is, it’s quite important architecturally... you said you knew where I lived!” she said recalling Ryan’s comment.

“It’s Ok, us boys are supposed to notice pretty girls and where they live; we have extracurricular classes just for that purpose.”

“Do you?” she replied somewhat surprised, “I never..... Oh you’re kidding”.

Ryan smiled.

“Don’t tease me,” she smiled giving him a playful slap on the shoulder.

“It’s true,” Ryan said, “Well the bit about knowing where you live is anyway, I’ve seen you a couple of times while I’ve been out here fixing these old mowers”

“Yes, well that’s why I’m here. As I said, I’m from the Manor House. Oh I’m Suzanna by the way.”

“Ryan” he replied.

“Right, well Ryan, I was wondering as you appear to lavish time on these old mowers whether you could look at mine, well it’s my father’s really. It was his pride and joy; he looked after it better than he did my mother, well almost.... Sorry, I’m rambling. Now where was I? Oh yes, could you have a look at my old mower? I’ll pay you of course, it’s just if I get someone in they will probably think silly little girl and tell me it’s konked out and try and sell me an expensive new one”.

“I see” Ryan commented.

“My father died a while back and using the mower sort of brings him back, silly sentimental thing really, but I’d appreciate it if you could have a look and tell me whether it can be repaired”.

“Well, I’m sure I could have a quick look at the old girl.” Ryan said, “I’m about done here.”

Ryan shouted across to the two others working on the other side of the wicket, “It’s fixed now Roger, I’m just going to have a quick look at this young lady’s mower, I’ll catch you down the pub later.”

Roger shouted back, “Ok, Ryan see you later perhaps. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t”.

Ryan looked a little embarrassed and tried to avoid Suzanna’s gaze as he picked up his tool box before the two set off towards the Manor House.

The Manor House was a Grade II listed building dating back to the 18th century, set in landscaped gardens and surrounded by an eight foot wall, but being in an elevated position it was clearly visible from the village green on which it adjoined. This, not being the front of the house, there was just a small archway and iron gate in the surrounding wall through which to enter, which Suzanna opened. They passed by shrubs and bushes before a garden with a large lawn opened up in front of them. Walking across the lawn towards the house, Ryan was looking up at the building. Large French doors opened on to a terrace that overlooked the lawn and garden. There were two main floors and then finally a third with windows set into the roof.

They reached a large sun dial on a plinth in the middle of the lawn before turning right towards a series of out buildings. Suzanna opened the door on the first one and they entered an old wooden building with wooden beams supporting the roof that was probably the same date as the manor house. The evening sun streamed in through a window and there was a nice warm comforting feeling and smell.

“The mower is over here,” Suzanna said and led Ryan across to one end, “It’s an old Atco, not sure how old but I remember it as a child so you can work it out for yourself. My father used to let me help him get it started, but I can’t get it to go now. I took the plug out and checked the gap, checked it sparked, but it was dry. Father said that meant no petrol was getting through so I pulled the pipe off the carburettor and petrol came out; but that’s as far as I know”.

“That’s really good,” Ryan replied, “I’m impressed, not that many blokes could get that far, let alone a pretty girl”.

Ryan immediately felt embarrassed again, while Suzanna had already gone red, and there was a deafening silence.

“Ok,” Ryan continued, “I’ll have a quick look in the carb” and he set his tool box down, opened it and set to work. After a few minutes he said, “Well apart from wanting a bit of a clean it just needs a new valve in the float chamber. I’ll get one tomorrow and pop back tomorrow evening, if that’s Ok?”

“That’s great”. Suzanna beamed, “Right, well you need to wash your hands, come on into the house.”

Ryan put his tools back in his tool box and they set off to the house. They entered a country style kitchen that was dominated by an Aga cooker and a large wooden table. Suzanna ushered Ryan to a small room off the kitchen where he could wash his hands. Walking back into the kitchen Ryan made a comment about, “not remembering it being so big”.

“You’ve been here before?” Suzanna questioned.

“Once or twice, when I was young, my dad captained the cricket team and the Colonel, the owner in those days played occasionally, and I remember we came in for something”.

“That was my father,” Suzanna said in amazement.

“Really, so you’re the Colonel’s daughter! I assumed you were new here,” Ryan replied, “as I have only seen you here in the last couple of months”.

“Father worked away and then I was away at school then university and stuff. I only moved back three months ago. Hang on a moment, I remember a photo upstairs somewhere of father and I with the cricket team, I’ll just try and find it; sit down and help yourself to coffee while I’m gone”.

Ryan sat down poured a coffee and looked around the room. There was a pile of magazines on the table and he flicked through them; all a bit boring, Countryside, Horse and Hound, Modern Home until.....
Was that what he thought he saw, flicking back through again there was a magazine half way down the pile folded open showing a bound girl!

He could hear Suzanna still moving around upstairs so he pulled it out for a closer look. There were a series of photos showing a girl wearing only black seamed stockings, suspenders, high heels and a ball gag. Her wrists and elbows were tied together behind her back and her ankles were also tied and cinched together, as was just above her knees. The intense whiteness of the rope contrasted the blackness of the stockings. She was standing in front of an open wardrobe; this being in a room that looked typical of what you would find in most hotels. However, what really drew Ryan in was that she was attached to a coat hanger that was hanging on the rail in the wardrobe. Her nipples were firmly held by two sprung clips on the coat hanger, and the height being such that it was forcing her to stand on tip toes even though she was wearing 4” heels!

This image was so captivating Ryan hadn’t noticed Suzanna coming down the stairs and only noticed her return as he heard her footsteps as she approached the kitchen door. Consequently he did not have time to replace the magazine in the pile, and therefore just had time to snatch it off the table and hide it under the table on his lap.

“Here’s the photo,” Suzanna said, placing it on the table in front of Ryan. “This is my father at the end of the back row, and this is me standing in front of him”.

“I remember this one being taken,” Ryan replied enthusiastically, “because that’s my dad, the captain sitting in the middle of the front row and I’m standing on the end opposite to you.”

“So we have met before,” Suzanna said.

“More than that, I know who you are now; I used to push you on the swing. I was about twelve and I suppose you were about four”.

“Wow, I remember you too, but only as a nice boy that used to walk me around to the swings and look after me. This is amazing, after all these years,” Suzanna was taken aback and they chatted about their childhood for quite awhile. This discussion rekindled the bond they previous had but finally Suzanna said, “I suppose you had better go time is getting on”.

Prompted by this Ryan began to get up forgetting the magazine on his lap until it fell onto the floor in front of Suzanna. She immediately bent down to pick it up and was met by the photos of the bound girl attached to the wardrobe coat hanger.

“That’s quite a striking set of photos” Suzanna said.

“Errrr... you seem to have caught me there, errr sorry!” Ryan uttered.

“I think we have both been caught haven’t we Ryan.”

“What do you mean?” Ryan queried.

“Well I might have caught you looking at the magazine, but whose magazine is it?” Suzanna asked.

“I don’t know?” Ryan answered still regaining his cool.

“Well as I’m the only one living here, it’s mine isn’t it”. Suzanna explained.

“You’re interested in bondage then?” Ryan asked.

“Yes, I’m afraid to say,” Suzanna replied.

“Don’t apologise, you can only play the cards you're dealt. None of us chooses our sexuality, it’s just the way things are”. Ryan said having now overcome being caught looking at the photos.

“Looking at the photo,” Suzanna paused, “I want to be her; vulnerable and helpless with no way of escape, having to wait for my master to return,” she paused again. “How does it make you feel Ryan?”

Ryan thought for a moment and explained, “I want to be the master of the beautiful girl. Returning to her I grasp the end of the coat hanger and lift it to release it from the rail. This increases the pull on her nipples and she goes as high as she can on her toes but it’s still not high enough and her breasts are lifted by the pull on her nipples. I have her full attention and she looks into my eyes and whimpers behind the ball gag. The hanger, released from the rail is lowered allowing her to stand normally in her high heels. Her nipples are released from the clips and as the blood flows back into them, I stroke them with the back of my fingers. She moans softly as I cup my right hand under her left breast and lift it slightly”.

“Well Ryan, you certainly have a way of enhancing the photo.”

“Sorry,” Ryan said quickly, “I got a little carried away there.”

“So, you are no stranger to bondage then; do you have your own slave or submissive Ryan?”

“No, I never met the right person. I could have met someone through the internet or gone to one of those meetings, but I always wanted to meet someone with similar interests in a more natural way. I’m a bit of a romantic I suppose”.

“You mean like now?” Suzanna replied.

“Well yes, I suppose I do”. Ryan paused and thought for a moment, “Are you suggesting that you become my slave Suzanna?”

“I think that would be an excellent idea!” she said quietly.

“Very well,” Ryan said sternly moving into the dominant role, “But, there are a couple of things I need to know. I want you to answer truthfully these questions”.

“Have you performed any acts of self bondage or restraint?”

“Yes. I have”.

“Have you had a master before?”

“No” Suzanna meekly replied.

“Then, I shall start your training tomorrow,” Ryan stated, “However, before that we have to give you a slave name.”

“I already have one that I chose; it’s Suki (Soo-ki)” Suzanna replied.

“Very well Suki, I’ll return tomorrow evening about 6-ish to fix the mower then we can take it from there,” Ryan said.

“I shall look forward to it Ryan,” Suzanna replied as they then made their way back out of the house to the gate in the wall.

**Chapter 3 Carburettors and Cuffs**

Suzanna was waiting in anticipation for Ryan’s arrival, and was keeping watch down the long drive to the Manor House from the drawing room window, then, just after 6pm she saw an unfamiliar van approach. She stepped back from the window so not as to be seen, looking too eager would never do, then she made her way into the large hall and checked her appearance in the full length mirror. She was wearing a white floaty summer skirt that came down just below the knee and matching loose top that contrasted her tanned curvaceous body.

The door bell clanked on its chain and after waiting a few moments to give the impression she was otherwise engaged, she answered the door. Ryan stood there tool box in hand and Suzanna greeted him and beckoned him in. Ryan walked in and stood taking in the architecture, a huge hall with a large curved staircase sweeping up one side to a balcony along the wall in front of him. This took his eye to the large chandelier hanging down from the ceiling, which looked somewhat strange. Suzanna told him a little of the history of the chandelier as he seemed in awe of it.

“It was a present to one of my ancestors, it used to have real candles, electric now of course, they hauled it up and down via a winch that’s in the access room to the cellar over there.” Suzanna explained pointing to a door under the huge staircase. “The house has been in our family for many generations.”

Ryan was taking it all in as his gaze fell upon a another strange item, this being a sort of metal coat stand-cum-umbrella stand bolted to the floor in one of a matching pair of alcoves on either side of the entrance door. Suzanna then led the way through the house and out across the lawn to the outbuilding containing the mower.

“This should only take twenty minutes or so,” Ryan explained. “How about a coffee while I’m doing it.”

“Sure” Suzanna said, thinking this isn’t quite what I had in mind from a slave point of view, and disappeared back to the house.

By the time she returned with the coffee Ryan had carburettor parts all laid out on a white cloth spread out on the floor and was carefully cleaning them. “Thanks” he said without even glancing up at her as she set it down.

“Is it all going to plan?” she enquired. Ryan said it was, and then asked about an old wooden trunk he had noticed. “That looks to be an old and valuable trunk, what’s its history?”

Suzanna replied she hadn’t seen it till her father died and found another the same in a cupboard in the main bedroom. “They were both locked when I found them and as I couldn’t find a key, they still are. That’s why it’s in here; I couldn’t do anything with it. It would be nice to know what’s in it though” she mused.

Ryan explained he could bring an angle grinder round and cut the lock off without damaging the trunk.

“The lock actually looks relatively modern, well compared to the trunk that is, so it won’t affect its value”.

“That would be great,” Suzanna said, “We will have to organise doing that sometime soon”.

Eventually the mower was fixed and Ryan and Suzanna returned to the house and sat down around the kitchen table.

“So,” Ryan said, “Are you still sure about going ahead with becoming my slave and starting training”.

“Absolutely, I am” Suzanna replied, “where do we start?”

“OK” Ryan began, “There are some rules. Firstly you will wear a collar to indicate your ownership”.

“All the time?” Suzanna enquired.

“No, that may cause problems in your job so when appropriate you will wear a choker or small chain that in essence conveys the same meaning.”

“OK” Suzanna replied.

Ryan then produced a small black collar that he placed around Suzanna’s neck did the latch up and fitted a small padlock. “This is the key that is to remain in this house,” Ryan instructed. “This will allow you to remove the collar when, as I mentioned it is appropriate; otherwise you wear it all the time. Also, you will wear suspenders, black seamed stockings and 4” heels or higher, at all times. Obviously this is not practical if going swimming or playing tennis etc; but it does mean no slumming around in a housecoat during the day, once you are up this will be your automatic first attire. If I find you not wearing these items you will be punished. Is that clear?”

“Understood, however when does this rule start?” Suzanna asked.

“As soon as I leave, within the bounds of what you have available at the moment. So you can go out tomorrow and buy what you need”.

“OK, I was going up town tomorrow anyway,” Suzanna replied.

“Furthermore” Ryan continued, “As my slave, you will perform all duties requested by me without question. Is that clear? This means sexual as well. Are you prepared to submit to me sexually?”

Suzanna took this all her stride and replied with a confident “Yes”.

“Now, as an initial test Suki, you will wear these for the next week”. Ryan said reaching down and pulling a pair of narrow cuffs out of his toolbox.

“I have to go around in wrist cuffs all week?” Suzanna said, somewhat shocked.

“No, these are not for your wrists and should be hidden by your clothes” Ryan explained, “I’ll show you. Follow me Suki”.

With that Ryan stood up and picked up a small block of wood from his toolbox and headed off for the hall. Suzanna followed in expectation. They reached the foot of the stairs and Ryan said, “Ah one item I forgot, you are not allowed to wear any knickers unless specifically told to do so. That starts now!”

Suzanna lifted her skirt up on both sides as she slipped her thumbs into the top of her white thong and pulled it down her legs and stepped out it. Ryan held his hand out and Suzanna gave him the thong. He then straightened it out as the thong had rolled itself up as Suzanna had pulled it down her legs, then after inspecting it; he folded it and put it in his pocket.

“Now, I want you to walk up the stairs three or four steps then stop with one foot on one step and the other on the next step up”.

Suzanna did as she was told and stopped mid-stride on the stairs. Ryan walked up a few steps and then sat down on the stairs on the step next to Suzanna’s top foot. He then lifted her foot and slid the 2” block of wood under her it. Then lifting her skirt; he slipped one of the cuffs around her leg just above the knee. The cuff was narrow more like a strap than a cuff, and he adjusted it carefully until it was a fit that allowed a finger to be inserted between it and Suzanna’s leg, so it was snug enough not to slip over her knee.

He then fitted the other cuff around her other leg also attaching a short chain with a small padlock to the cuff. This padlock also prevented the cuff being removed. The length of the chain was adjusted, Ryan cutting odd links off, until when attached to the first cuff it was taught between her legs. Finally Ryan slipped a padlock through the end of the chain locking it to the first cuff and slid the wooden block out from beneath her foot. Suzanna now had a short length joining her legs just above the knee.

“There you go” he said “trying climbing the rest of the stairs”.

Suzanna’s first step was pulled up short as the chain prevented her lifting her leg as high as she was used to.

“You will need to get used to taking smaller steps” Ryan instructed.

Suzanna continued as instructed and reached the top of the stairs.

“Now come back down”

Suzanna again did as she was told and found the same problem.

“You must learn to take smaller steps, become more feminine Suki” Ryan said sternly.

Reaching the bottom, Ryan said “Ok, Suki we are done. I will pop round some time so see how you are progressing”.

“But” Suzanna asked hesitantly “How can I wear stockings with these cuffs on, I haven’t enough clothes to cover these all week”.

Again, somewhat sternly, Ryan said, “There is enough space to slip stockings under them and as for clothes; it’s up to you what you wear”.

And with that he headed for the door, glancing at the strange coat stand, as he passed. Then the door closed and he was gone.

Suzanna was now locked into a pair of knee cuffs for at least the next week.

**Chapter 4 The Shopping Trip**

The trial week had started immediately, so taking careful steps up the stairs she made her way to her bedroom. The first thing she did was to place the key in a safe place where no one would look. Her knicker draw was the obvious place, who would look there she thought as she pulled open the draw! Moving all those nice knickers to one side she placed the key at the back while musing over the fact that she would now no longer need any of her considerable collection of expensive knickers.

Moving down a drawer she tried to find a suspender belt, she knew she had one somewhere, but she had not worn it for some while. Finally, she found it in a third drawer buried underneath what stockings she did have. There were certainly no seamed black stockings but luckily there were a couple of pairs of barely black, one for today and one for tomorrow she thought. Removing her skirt she attached the black suspender belt then eased the first stocking up her leg as far as her knee. It then took a while to slide it under the cuff and having only the two pairs she couldn’t afford to put her nail through one. Finally though, she had it past the cuff and pulled it up her thigh to where she attached the front suspender clip, and then standing up, she reached around to fasten the second clip.

The process was repeated with the other stocking and she stood there looking at herself in mirror. The view back was quite nice, the black stockings and suspenders framed her neatly trimmed bush. She then put her skirt back on and went to find a pair of high heels. There were plenty of heels but not 4” high ones; a pair of 3 ½” black patent ones was as close she could get, so she slipped those on and began to make her way back downstairs. The extra height of the heels, she was previously wear flat shoes, made it more difficult than before to negotiate the steps. Slow, deliberate steps were what were needed, slow deliberate steps that made her bottom wiggle as she took each step.

Suzanna had a fretful night in bed due to the realisation of what she had let herself in for, the anticipation of how she would cope and the physical restriction itself. This had its benefits though; she was so aroused she pleasured herself three times and now she was taking an early morning shower, naked except for knee cuffs.

She dried herself and was about to put on the black suspenders and stockings when she remembered the black basque that she bought to wear at a fancy dress party. This was located after a little searching and she put it on methodically engaging each hook and eye. The elasticated material nipped her waist in slightly and when the stocking were added she admired the provocatively dressed girl looking back from the mirror. She looked for a suitable summer skirt that would cover the cuffs but the one she would have choose she had worn yesterday, so something else was required. She found a black suit skirt that was long enough but it wasn’t that summery, but it was the only suitable one that was available so she slipped it on together with a white blouse. She again chose the 3 ½” black patent heels, but at least they sort of went with her secretary come business woman look.

Now dressed Suzanna went down to the kitchen to have breakfast. This almost ended in tragedy as the chain and cuffs caught her out on the first step down the stairs and only a quick grasp of the stair rail saved her. Now taking smaller steps she made it to the kitchen and had breakfast. After breakfast she picked up her car keys, locked the house and headed towards her car. Taking smaller steps again she was conscious it caused her to wiggle her bottom as she walked, but getting in her car was even more of a problem. Suzanna loved her low open top two seater sports car, but because of the knee cuffs she couldn’t step in with one foot then sit down. So she had to back in and sit down, but it was so low she fell back into it and her feet and legs went up in the air. However, still being by the house there was no one to see that she was not wearing any knickers!

Realising this was going to be a problem she did a few practice entries and exits keeping her knees together and her feet on the ground until she was confident she was not going to make a show of herself in front of the early Saturday morning shoppers. This completed she set off to town. She arrived in the car park early enough to be able to choose a spot on the far side away from other cars. She exited knees together without a problem and wiggled her way across the car park and up the stairs to the shopping mall. Taking small steps she negotiated the stairs, but was again aware of her pronounced wiggle and also the two lads that appeared to follow her up the stairs at a closer distance less than she would have liked. Was it that they could see something? Were the cuffs visible or was it that occasionally ‘chink’ of the chain?

Thankfully they went in a different direction once she reached the top of the stairs. Locating seamed stockings was posing a bit of a problem; however she had managed to buy a couple pairs of 4” high heels and a nice pair of 4 1/2” heeled boots. Passing one particular shop she saw an ideal skirt in the window, so she entered and selected her size from the rack and proceeded to the changing room. However on entering she found the changing room was a communal one! There were four people in there, two women that looked to be almost ready to leave and a couple of girls giggling away in a corner. Suzanna moved to another corner and took her time to get organised. The two women left leaving the giggling girls who looked set for some time. She thought about leaving, but wasn’t the anticipation and fear of getting caught part of the buzz? Also what would Ryan say, he would punish her for this lack of commitment.

So making sure the new skirt was undone an positioned ready for a quick change she stood side-on to the giggling girls, thinking this angle would give them the least chance of seeing her predicament. She slipped her shoes off, undid her skirt and quickly let it drop to the ground then carefully she stepped forward into the new skirt and pulled it up. There, she thought, ‘they didn’t even notice’, as she put her heels back on and checked in the mirror that it was what she wanted. The skirt was indeed just what she wanted so now all she had to do was change back. She prepared her old skirt on the floor for another quick change while the giggling girls were still engrossed in their own clothes.

She just about to slip her shoes off when she heard the assistant outside ask ‘Two item?’ as a new customer was about to enter the changing room. Being side on two the giggling girls she would be face on to anyone entering, so she thought no time to slip her shoes off; just a quick change. This in hindsight was a bad move. Sure enough the new skirt was undone and on the floor and she quickly stepped into her old skirt. However, she hadn’t noticed the little tear in the lining at the back and as she tried to pull the skirt up, she found it stopped at knee height! Her right heel had gone through the tear and the skirt coming to an abrupt halt that caused her to over balance and she fell backwards letting out a screech. The two giggling girls looked up to see a woman topple backwards and being unable to regain her balance, fall back onto the floor with her legs in the air.

The new customer entering was greeted by a completely unexpected site! The bottom of a woman wearing no knickers, lying on her back, legs in the air and a skirt around her ankles, she also appeared to have something around her legs just above the knee.

For Suzanna time appeared to stand still, although all this happened in less than a second, her mind was racing;
‘Will anyone notice? – of course they will – how can I explain – I know I’ll say it was a dare for a hen night, that will do it. Shall I just quickly walk out? No, I can’t Ryan may ask how I got on, I will have to tell the truth and he won’t be impressed if I just bottle out’

So feeling extremely embarrassed, but also turned on by the need to front it out, Suzanna got up with the help of the new customer and the two giggling girls, extricated her heel from the lining and pulled the skirt up covering up her part naked body. She was now getting a real buzz from the situation as she thought what they must be thinking, no knickers and leather cuffs around her legs! Was she some sort of hooker or sex worker, just weird or the possession of some higher being?

With her composure partially regained, she picked up the new skirt and set off for the till leaving three totally bewildered people behind her. The rest of the morning was somewhat uneventful in comparison, until, while browsing down a rail of skirts in a department store she noticed the giggling girls browsing the same rail. The girls approached from the opposite direction on the other side and were now pointing in her direction and giggling even more! Suzanna gave them a pleasant smile as she also endured a mildly erotic sensation before making her way out of the store.

Lunchtime was approaching and she made her way to meet a few girlfriends for their regular Saturday lunch-cum-coffee. Climbing the stairs to their regular haunt she was aware once again of her pronounced wiggle due to the restricted step that she could take. Then just as she was a few steps from the top she heard a voice from behind. “Suzie! Is that you?”

Suzanna looked around to see her best friend Emma a few steps behind her. “Hi Emma.”

“I thought it was you but was confused by your clothes, are you on business or something?” Emma asked.

“No, I just, eeerrr” Suzanna stammered “Felt like a change”.

‘Oh, that was a lame answer’ Suzanna thought, ‘she’s bound to ask more questions now’.

They made their way to a table that was already occupied by two of their friends.

“You going to an interview cousin?” Suzanna’s friend and cousin Yasmin said.

“She felt like a change” Emma replied for her.

Yasmin replied with a confused “Oh” and the other girl at the table, Suzanna’s other friend Lucy, also looked puzzled.

“Usual for you two?” Emma enquired as she beckoned a waiter over.

Emma nodded and Suzanna replied with a “Yes please” as it suddenly dawned on her she wasn’t going to be able to get up to the table. This being a high table with four high swivel chrome chairs with a metal foot ring about a foot off the ground. There was no way she would be able to get her foot up that far wearing the knee cuffs and chain! She paused for a few seconds trying to think of a way out, it was too late to say she couldn’t stop the waiter was already taking the order. Anyway what excuse could she use, so she would just have to risk it and.... Standing back to the chair with her back resting against it and her hands on the seat for extra lift, she jumped up backwards on to it.

Her three friends were all taken aback by her action and stared somewhat open mouthed before Emma said, “Are you Ok Suzy? You’re behaving slightly strangely today!”

“I’m fine.” Suzanna replied.

“What’s that around your neck?” Emma asked.

“Just a choker!” Suzanna replied “I thought it was quite nice”.

“Looks more like a bondage collar to me” Yasmin commented.

“What do you know about bondage collars?” Emma asked.

“Not much really, but doesn’t that being helpless feeling turn you on a bit?” Yasmin answered.

“You mean you want to be tied up Yasmin?” Emma further enquired.

“Err – well” Yasmin said feeling slightly embarrassed at speaking before thinking the statement through, “It could be fun with the right person”.

Luckily for Suzanna this appeared to move Yasmin to the centre of attraction and the butt of the jokes. Time passed as the girls chatted over their coffee and lunch snack. Suzanna was deliberately slower that the others in finishing so that she could be the last to leave and jump back off the chair without the others watching. However they normally left together so she was still not sure that this delaying tactic would work, but as luck would have it, just as they were about to leave her mobile rang. She answered the call and although it only lasted a minute or so she pretended it was an old friend and kept talking. She signalled to her friends to go as it would be a long call so they waved her bye and left.

Once she was sure they had gone, she slid off the seat until her feet reached the floor. She noticed the waiter was giving her a big smile and thought it was due to the generous tip they had left until she noticed that sliding off the seat had caused her skirt to slide up her thighs. To her horror she realised her stocking tops were visible, that meant that the knee cuffs and chain were fully in view. She quickly stepped forward from the chair and pulled her skirt down, now red faced she had to walk directly past him to the stairs. He was still beaming as she walked past and said “Bye” and then she felt his eyes boring into her back as she slowly wiggled her way down the stairs. Still having not found any seamed black stockings, she headed back to the town centre to continue her shopping trip.

**Chapter 5 Unexpected Visitor**

Finally, after a long day and much searching for the seamed stockings; Suzanna finally returned home. She slipped her shoes off once inside, then took all her new purchases up to her bedroom. It was no more than a couple minutes later the door bell clanged, so she trotted down stairs, opened the door to see Ryan.

“Oh, Ryan..... Hi”.

“You don’t seem pleased to see me Suki” .

“Ah, yes of course I am, just I have only just got in from town and was not expecting you,” Suzanna replied slightly uncertainly.

“Yes, I can see that,” Ryan replied looking down at Suzanna’s stockinged feet.

“Ah..... yes. I’m not used to wearing heels for long shopping expeditions so I slipped them off without thinking”.

“Now you remember what I said Suki, you wear 4” heels and seamed stockings at all times”.

“I know” Suzanna replie,d “but it was a long day and I only just bought the stockings.”

“Making excuses is making things worse Suki, now go and put the seamed stockings on and the 4” heels and return here as quickly as possible. Oh and you can leave the skirt and top off”. Ryan said sternly.

So with that Suzanna ran back upstairs and started to change. Putting the new stockings on was easy enough but getting the seams straight took ages. During this time she heard Ryan moving around downstairs and also a clicking noise that sounded like the chandelier in the hall being winched down. Finally she was ready and made her way downstairs. Ryan was standing in the middle of the hall next to the lowered chandelier and was very pleased with what he saw, a very attractive girl in 4” high heels, black seamed stockings and a black basque wiggling her way down the large sweeping staircase.

Suzanna demurely walked up to him as he said , “Now you were told what was required of you, but you chose to disobey Suki, so you need to be punished. Turn with your back to me, with hands behind you, palms together”.

This request sent a shiver through Suzanna as her palms met and she felt something being slid over them. This something, which felt like leather, was pulled up her arms above her elbows. Suzanna’s suspicion was confirmed as she sneaked a look over her shoulder to see a purple single glove. Ryan took hold of the two straps at the top, one on each side, and pulled them forward under each armpit and around on top of her shoulders, where they met at the back of her neck. Adjusting the tension in these two straps he then pulled up the third strap from the centre top of the glove; this ran up the centre of her back and joined the connection of the other two straps at the back of her neck.

The laces then came under his attention. Taking the slack out of the top laces by pulling the two loose lace ends, he then started to pull the laces tighter around her wrists. Moving up the lace rows two at a time the glove was slowly beginning to close and reaching the top lace row the two loose lace ends were again pulled to take up the slack. This process was repeated; Suzanna wriggled her shoulders and arms to ease her position and groaned softly as her elbows moved closer. A third round of lace tightening brought all the lace eyes together along with Suzanna’s elbows. The two loose lace ends, which now reached down to the floor, were tied off into a double bow. The remaining lace was looped together and tucked into the gap in the single glove between Suzanna’s upper arms. Ryan then bent down and reached into a bag on the floor that Suzanna had not previously seen and pulled out a telescopic spreader bar.

“Spread your legs Suki”, Ryan commanded and Suzanna, standing rather upright due to arms pulled so tightly together behind her back, moved them apart until the knee cuffs prevented any further movement.

Ryan buckled a cuff around her ankle and extended the spreader bar until the second cuff could be buckled around her other ankle. He then locked the centre of the bar to maintain its length. At this point Suzanna looked down to see Ryan, from his crouched position look straight at her now considerably moist sex. This only increased her arousal and caused her to wonder where this would lead? Would he leave her vulnerable, spank her, whip her or have his way with her? Her latter thought being the preferred option.

“Now Suki, this was to have been the limit of your punishment, but, as you protested your innocence when confronted with your misdemeanour, a gag is required.” Ryan told her sternly. He then delved into his bag once again and came out with a matching purple harness ball gag.

“Open” and Suzanna opened her mouth wide as Ryan slipped the ball behind her teeth. She closed her mouth around it, the dark red of her lipstick complimenting the bright purple ball, as Ryan engaged the strap behind her neck. Straps over and around head followed and were all securely connected before the final strap was located underneath her chin.

“This will hopefully remind you that when instructed to do something there are no permitted excuses. Is that clear!” Ryan emphasised.

Suzanna nodded and uttered a “Mmmm”

Delving into his bag a third time Ryan produced a 3’ length of chrome chain and attached one end to the ring at the end of the single glove. Then reaching up he connected to the other end to a ring in the centre of the chandelier just above his head. Suzanna looked up and over her shoulder to see this connection and realised her predicament was likely to increase in the next few moments. This was exactly the case as Ryan walked over to the door under the staircase and partly stepped inside. From this position he could see Suzanna and also reach the winch that hoisted the chandelier.

Click.... Click.... Click.... Click....

The sound echoed around the large hall.

Click.... Click.... Click....

Suzanna felt the first signs of movement, her fingers being pulled up an inch or so.

Click.... Click....

Another inch or so and her hands were now being pulled up.

Click.... Click....

She could now feel her arms being raised and as this continued she found she needed to bend forward slightly.

Click.... Click.... Click.... the sound continued to echo around the hall but it was now joined by a second sound!

CLACK, CLACK...... CLACK......

The sound of Suzanna’s 4” heels on the marble floor reverberated around the hall as she found she needed to change her position to maintain her balance.

Click.... Click....

The chandelier went higher and with it Suzanna’s arm, her predicament was increasing as she was now almost bent over at 90°.

CLACK...... CLACK......

She adjusted her position again as her arms went still higher but bending over further now made thing worse. Ryan, sensing Suzanna was nearing the limit, wound the winch another two clicks and stopped. Suzanna was now finely balanced under the chandelier, legs spread, arms pulled tightly together far up above her head forcing her breasts out and silenced by a large purple ball gag. Ryan walked around her admiring her form and beauty.

“Now Suki let’s hope this will improve your approach to being a good slave girl!” Ryan said calmly, standing in front and just to Suzanna’s right, he reached forward with his right hand and ran his finger from back to front between her legs. First touching bare skin, his finger moved forwards and made a shallow plunge into her moist sex, then continuing its movement along her sex and exited rubbing over her clit.

Suzanna, at first inhaled by the mixture of surprise and pleasure, then as his finger moved over her clit exhaled. However restricted by the gag the air was forced to exit via her nostrils causing her to make a snorting noise. Ryan, to Suzanna’s disappointment, walked off to the other side of the hall and started looking intently at the metal coat-cum-umbrella stand bolted to the floor in one of a matching pair of alcoves on either side of the entrance door. Her stood to one side of it rubbing his thumb and fore finger either side of his chin in that typical ‘deep in thought’ pose. After a few seconds he returned to Suzanna and again reached between her legs and trailed his finger through her sex once again.

Another wave of pleasure ran through Suzanna as she closed her eyes and breathed heavily once again. Then opening her eyes expecting Ryan to walk away she found him to still be there and he ran his finger through her gaping labia lips. She again closed her eyes only to open them a few seconds later to Ryan back over by the coat stand again. This time he was bent down examining the base plate that was bolted to the floor and again in a thoughtful pose, he ran a finger around a slot cut in the base.

Suzanna felt a mixed sensation; highly aroused and annoyed. ‘He should be running his finger through my slot not the one on that bloody coat stand she thought’.

A few more seconds passed before he rose and walked back to Suzanna to continue stoking her sex. This time however he continued to stroke her, each stroke plunging more easily into her now dripping slit. This, like slowly climbing a staircase, took her one stair nearer her orgasm each stroke. She was lost in her own pleasure until relaxing too much within her predicament lost her balance and reacting automatically corrected her position and a loud CLACK, CLACK...... echoed around the hall and brought her back to reality.

But, as Ryan continued the slow methodical stroking of her sex, she soon drifted back though the gates of pleasure. She could feel her orgasm building and was thinking ‘come on take me, take me now, I want you inside me’ when she suddenly began to wonder whether see was allowed to orgasm? However, he had not stated she couldn’t and anyway she was so close and it was going to feel........

Too late!

The orgasm hit her as she felt wave after wave of pleasure ripple up her spine to her brain and back down again. She didn’t know how long it lasted she was just aware of Ryan smiling down at her as he still continued to stoke her. She tried to smile back but drool covered chin and an open mouth full of purple ball gag could not really display the feeling she wanted to covey. He stroked her again and although, metaphorically speaking, she had come down a couple of floors from the orgasm she still felt each stroke again move her up a step. Ryan then disappeared from her line of sight and the stroking stopped, then she heard the sound of a zip and a belt being undone then..... a wave of pleasure hit her as Ryan plunged inside her.

Long rhythmic thrusts now moved her up the metaphorical staircase six steps at a time and her pulse (that had only just slowed) again began to race. Her breathing increased similarly as she snorted through her nose and tried to trust back in time with Ryan as best she could within the confines of her predicament. The two of them became one in a pulsing union until she felt Ryan shudder and climax as she also orgasmed again. Suzanna hung from the chain attached to the chandelier like a discarded rag doll while Ryan with his left arm clamped around her waist pulling her onto him, clung to the chain with his right hand. They just hung there enjoying the waning waves of sensations and satisfaction.

After she didn’t know how long, Suzanna again became aware of her surroundings and her predicament. She was still gagged and attached to the chandelier, but there was no sign of Ryan, well as far as she could tell. He definitely was not inside her or where she could see him. Then, as she thought how cruel he was, she saw him walking down the staircase dressed in only a towel wrapped around his waist. He smiled as he walked over to her and releasing her single glove from the chain, helped her stand up straight.

“I think you could probably do with a shower as well,” he said as he released her ankles from the spreader bar. He delicately wiped the drool off her chin with the side of his fore finger then took the trainer ball gag off. He quickly released her from the single gloves then smacking her bottom said “Off you go and shower.”

Suzanna nodded, smiled and made her way up stairs.

After showering, Suzanna dressed in the black seamed stockings, 4” heels and as she wanted to keep her new longer skirts for going out, she chose one of her favourite black miniskirts. It just about covered her stocking tops, so long as she stood still, but the knee cuffs were plainly visible, then a tight fitting pink tee shirt to complete the look. As she descended the stairs she noticed the chandelier was back in its normal position and Ryan’s bag had disappeared; there was also a nice smell of coffee wafting up from the kitchen.

“Ah Suki, there you are sit down and have some coffee,” Ryan said already sitting at the table next to a plate of chocolate biscuits.

Suzanna sat down conscious that the stocking tops were showing. “I hope no one comes to the door I’m not sure how I shall explain the way I’m dressed”.

“I think you look just fine Suki,” Ryan replied as they then chatted for an hour or so before he said, “I must go but I’ll pop back later in the week and we can open up that trunk of yours in the outhouse.”

Suzanna smiled showing him to the door then as she was returning to the kitchen to clear away the coffee cups she spotted a key laying on the floor of the hall. Picking it up she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror; long legs clad in high heels and black seamed stockings were visible as were stocking tops with bare legs above before disappearing into a short skirt. ‘You slut’ she thought to herself as a little wave of arousal flowed through her.

**Chapter 6 The Trunk**

Suzanna hadn’t seen Ryan for five days and had managed to negotiate a few days at work without too many problems. The guys at work who had only seen her at her desk hadn’t noticed anything; the chocker she wore was bigger than was normally seen but not glaringly obvious. She had noticed a few comments though when being followed down the corridor, but luckily, although working on the fifth floor, the lift prevented the necessity to climb stairs. A few of the girls in the office gave her strange looks and a couple of her closer colleagues enquired as to her change of style. This she just dismissed, saying a change was as good as a rest, and left it at that.

It was Thursday evening, when at about 7pm the door bell went and upon opening the door she found Ryan. “Hi Suki, I’m glad to see you are properly dressed,” Ryan commented as Suzanna did a twirl. “Shall we open that trunk?”

Suzanna agreed and they made their way to the out buildings. The sun was still streaming through the window and once again Ryan felt that nice warm comforting feeling and smell. They pulled the trunk out into the centre of the room where it sat in a shaft of sunlight, the corners of the room disappearing into darkness. It was about two and half feet long, a foot and a half wide and a couple of feet high, with a curved top about 6” deep. Ryan connected up the angle grinder and had Suzanna move away as sparks showered a dark corner of the room as he cut through the hasp of the padlock. He pulled the padlock away from the trunk and beckoned Suzanna over to the trunk.

“This is your property so you should open it, it may contain private items.” Ryan said.

“Yes, thanks” Suzanna replied as she released the catches and slowly opened the curved top of the trunk. What she saw caused a frown. In a tray was a corset, a black leather corset with full cups, front busks and a lace-up back. It was also stiffly boned with steel and Suzanna held it against herself, thinking it was about her size. She lay it back down in its tray and lifted the tray out of the trunk and put it down on the floor. Another tray was now visible; this contained a second corset almost identical to the first except that it had ¼ cups. Suzanna held this one against herself, the ¼ cup nestling under her breasts, again it was her size. She lay this corset back down in its tray and lifted the second tray out and placed on the first tray. A third corset now came into view, this having no cup and so leaving the breasts completely exposed. Holding this one against herself she felt a tingle as her breasts flowed over the cut outs.

During this time Ryan was examining some items in the back of the building covered over by an old tarpaulin and appeared little interested in her trunk.
Consequently Suzanna continued her search and lifted out the third tray. The bottom of the trunk was divided into compartments, each one containing pairs of cuffs of differing types. There were wrist cuffs, wide ankle cuffs, suspension cuffs and narrow cuffs like those she was wearing. There was also various length of chrome chain, presumably to link the cuffs.

“Well I never expected to find that” Suzanna exclaimed!

“What is it Suki?” Ryan said throwing the tarpaulin over the items in the back of the building.

“It’s....... it’s Corsets and Cuffs! Bondage equipment.” Suzanna stammered.

“It’s what!” Ryan replied moving closer.

“It’s all bondage equipment, look!”Suzanna repeated.

Ryan looked in the trunk at the cuffs, then bending down he pulled a flap down from inside the curved top of the trunk. They both looked slightly puzzled at the contents as Ryan reached forward and pulled a steel bar from its retaining clips in the top. It was about 2’ long, with ball shaped ends. Ryan held both ends of the bar and with a slight twist found the bar extended out to over 3’ in length.

“Nice!” he commented as giving it another twist it locked in position. Then picking up one of the cuffs he located the ball on one end of the bar into a corresponding cup on the cuff. It snapped in with a distinct ‘click’. “Umm.... very nice!” Ryan further commented “It’s even has a centre fixing hole” pointing to a hole through the centre point of the bar “Whoever made this was a real craftsman”.

There were two other similar bars of differing length also clipped into the top. Ryan unclipped the cuff from the bar, compressed the bar back to its original length and put both back into the trunk.

“Well it appears the love of bondage is in the genes” Suzanna said “It seems both my mother and father were active.”

“Maybe, even before that, Suki” Ryan said “These look as though they were made in the last century, passed down the generations.”

“Umm, so it was possibly my grandparents instead, or perhaps as well?” Suzanna mused.

Suzanna placed the trays containing the corsets back in the trunk and closed the lid.

“What are you going to do now?” Ryan asked.

“Well I’m dying to know what’s in the trunk up in the bedroom. Then I want to try them on!” Suzanna said excitedly “Can you help me carry this up to the bedroom?”

“No need to go that far,” Ryan said with a twinkle in his eye. “I think you should try some of these items out now”; and with that Ryan selected the corset from the second tray, the one with ¼ cups and commanded, “Off with the skirt and top Suki”.

Suzanna did as she was told. “Bra and suspenders as well,” he continued and she obediently obeyed before he handed her the corset.

She undid the front busks and pulled the corset around her waist. She began engaging the busks, starting at the bottom, before adjusting the position of the corset so the ¼ cups sat nicely under her breasts. Ryan then started to pull on the laces and slowly her waist was pulled in. Just a little at first, her breasts then began to be thrust upwards and forwards as her waist was pulled in further. Her breathing became shallower before Ryan said, “I think that’s far enough on for a first attempt”.

“You mean it will go smaller?” Suzanna enquired.

“Did I asked for your thoughts Suki”, Ryan snapped, “But, as you asked, yes it will, about another 2 inches”.

Suzanna was surprised but managed to hold back any further comment.

“Now re-fix your stockings to the suspenders and make sure you get those seams straight,” Ryan barked and Suzanna replied with a “Yes Master” in a tone that brought a steely look from Ryan.

Suzanna found it difficult to bend over wearing the corset and tried bopping down to fix the suspenders to the stockings but this made it difficult to get the seam line straight. Meanwhile Ryan was looking at the cuffs at the bottom of the trunk.

“Now let’s see.” he said as he selected a pair of wrist cuffs and waited impatiently for Suzanna to finally connect the suspenders and get the seams straight.

“Wrists,” Ryan commanded and Suzanna meekly held her wrists out in front as he placed a cuff first around her left wrist. He buckled it tight, but not too tight before twisting it around so the buckle was on the outside. Her right wrist followed before he picked up two of the chrome chains in the bottom of the trunk and connected one to each cuff. He then pulled the chain on her left cuff up until her arm was pointing up above her head at an 11 o’clock angle where he located a link on the chain on a hook already screwed into the wooden beam overhead.

Suzanna thought ‘Oh that’s very convenient’, as he then did the same with the right arm leaving her with both her arms pulled out at angles above her head. Returning to the chest he selected a pair of ankle cuffs and proceeded to carefully attach them around her slender ankles. Once secured, he picked out one of the shorter spreader bars and aligned the ball on one end with the cup located on her left ankle cuff. The ball slipped into the cuff with a satisfying click! Ryan extended the bar and engaged the other end into the cup on her right ankle cuff. A second ‘click’ emanated.
“OK Suki spread your legs”

Suzanna lifted each foot in turn and moved them outwards slightly until her knee chain prevented further movement. Ryan bent down and twisted the centre of the spreader bar locking it to that length. Spreading her legs had the effect of reducing Suzanna’s height so that her arms were now pulled tighter.

Ryan stood back and with a satisfied grin said, “There we are, now let’s see about this other trunk.”

Suzanna thought better of saying there was no key, as Ryan disappeared out of the building leaving her standing spread eagled bathed in evening sunlight in her old wooden out building.

**Chapter 7 The Second Trunk**

Entering Suzanna’s bedroom, Ryan looked around but failed to see the trunk anywhere so he opened a door on one side of the room and found it led to a dressing room. The trunk was located under a wide shelf running down one side of the dressing room. The dressing room appeared to be part of an annexe as it had an old wooden beam running along its length with diagonal beams leading up to support the pitched roof. This gave the small room an airy feel to it. Ryan was thinking ‘Now where would I keep the key to this?’ as he looked around.

He reached up as far as he could and felt along the top of the beam and after a few seconds of feeling along the beam a huge grin came over his face as again he said “There we are!” Ryan bent down slipped the newly found key into the lock and turned it; a soft clunk sound was heard and the lock opened. By this time Suzanna was becoming aroused, but restrained as she was could do nothing to obtain satisfaction from her situation. She was looking helplessly out of the window when Ryan reappeared.

“Ok Suki, time for a change of venue”. Ryan said as he released the centre of the spreader bar, “Move your ankles as close together as you can”.

Suzanna moved her ankles so they were about a foot apart; Ryan then relocked the bar at that distance. He then released her wrist cuffs from the chains before saying, “Hands behind your back”.

Suzanna complied as she felt them being linked together and a chain linked them to the centre of the spreader bar. “Off we go then” Ryan said as he beckoned Suzanna out of the door.

Wearing the tightly laced corset and with the spreader bar still fitted and she was forced to walk with legs apart in a sort of swaying motion. This caused her breasts being nicely displayed by the ¼ cup corset to sway in time with her gait. What would she do if one of her friends were to appear unannounced now, as they did from time to time? How would she explain being bare breasted, well completely bare apart from a leather corset and chained up into the bargain walking across her lawn?

They finally reached the kitchen door and she was quite relieved to enter, although the step was difficult to negotiate. When they reached the bottom of the large staircase in the hall Ryan gasped her and flung her over his shoulder like a sack of coal and carried her to the top. He deposited her back on her feet at the top of the staircase and she waddled her way to her bedroom then through to her dressing room.

Ryan released the chain from the spreader bar and also released her wrist cuffs, but when she thought she was being totally released she found her arms were again pulled up above her head and fixed to the dressing room beam just as she had been in the out building. She was facing the as yet unopened chest as Ryan slowly lifted the lid and they both looked into the top tray. The first thing to catch Ryan’s eye was a leather hood. “Ummm – nice” he said lifting it out and feeling the soft black leather.

“I think we should try this as well,” and he loosened the laces and stepped towards Suzanna. She stood quite still and held her head up as the hood was pulled down over her face. This one (she could see another in the top tray) had eye, nose and mouth holes but her ears were covered. Ryan smoothed the soft leather down over her face before turning his attention to the laces at the rear. Soon the soft leather hood became a taught second skin.

Ryan returned to the trunk and lifted the top tray out and laid it on the floor. The compartments of the second tray contained an extensive range of gags including a ball gag, a trainer ball gag, a bit gag, a penis gag and a ring gag plus others that Suzanna couldn’t identify from her position. Ryan had adopted his thinking pose of finger and thumb either side of his chin as he studied the selection. Then selecting the penis gag he again returned to Suzanna who as all good slaves should offered no resistance as the penis gag loomed towards her mouth. She opened her mouth in readiness as Ryan slid it in, and wriggled her head from side to side slightly to accommodate the rather large gag. One fully in Ryan clipped it to the hood; these items had obviously been made to be used together.

Lifting the second tray out Ryan now selected a 4” leather posture collar from the next tray down. Suzanna again lifted her head as the collar was wrapped around her neck and secured with three sets of straps at the rear. The collar was contoured to locate her chin and was also contoured to sit around her shoulders so she could now not turn nor lower her head. She consequently stood there in a proud head held high position with breasts trust forwards and upwards. Luckily there were a number of full length mirrors at different angles in the dressing room so she could she herself from most angles stood as she was in this provocative position.

Further exploring the trunk, Ryan had now located a tray containing nipple clamps, chains and weights. Approaching Suzanna with a pair of nipple clamps he noticed the shocked look in her eyes and she shook her head a couple of times and also took half a step back until the chains prevented any further movement.

“Now, now Suki, no protests or a punishment will loom!” Ryan warned.

‘This isn’t a punishment then’ Suzanna was thinking as the first clip bit into the delicate flesh of her right nipple and she winced further as the second was attached to her left nipple. The pain in the right nipple was just starting to subside slightly when Ryan straightened up after another forage in the trunk and proceeded to attach a weight to it. This now pulled the nipple down at an acute angle as until now had been thrust forward by the ¼ cup corset. This caused Suzanna to twitch which only made the situation far worse as the weight now swung from side to side tugging at the tender nipple.
Another weight was attached to her left nipple and Suzanna now concentrated on keeping still in an attempt to reduce any further pain.

Ryan was still not finished and he lifted the last tray out to reveal a pair of black leather calf boots with slender 5 ¼“ heels. After loosening the laces he bent down and released the spreader bar from the ankle cuffs and removed the cuffs. “Foot up Suki,” Ryan said tapping the side of her right ankle, Suzanna lifted her foot and Ryan slipped her shoe off. “Point your toes,” Suzanna obeyed as her foot slid part way into the boot “Foot down and press”. Suzanna lowered her foot till the boot contacted the floor then pushed. “Harder” Ryan commanded so Suzanna again obeyed and gradually her foot fully entered the boot. The height of the heel put considerable pressure on her toes as they slid into the pointed end of the boot.

“Good” Ryan commented “Left foot”. Suzanna lifted her left foot and the procedure was repeated. The one benefit from the height of the heels was it raised her up and took some of the pressure from her arms. Ryan laced each boot up in turn then strapped the cuffs back around her ankles. Standing up clutching the spreader bar he disappeared out of the dressing room. “Be back in a mo, don’t go anywhere,” Ryan quipped with a grin as Suzanna “Mumpphhed” a reply. ‘Well at least the spreader bar has gone’ she thought and started rubbing her thighs together to try and ease her yearning. After a few minutes she was starting to have some success with the thigh rubbing and wiggling when Ryan re-entered the room.

“Oh, trying to satisfy that arousal are you missy, well this will stop that!” Ryan said now holding the longer of the spreader bars from the other trunk.

Suzanna’s sighed around the penis gag and had started to move her legs apart even before Ryan spoke. The bar was clipped into one cuff then the other but instead locking it in the spread position she found he was undoing the cuffs and chain between her knees. With this removed Ryan then pushed legs further and further apart until she was balancing on the toes of her boots even with 5 ¼” heels. A groan of protest escaped from behind Suzanna’s gag that prompted Ryan to lock the spreader bar off at a length of about 3’.

“How does that feel?” Ryan enquired. Suzanna gave him a stern expression but this was hidden by the leather hood.

“Good, now what else do we have in this trunk?” Ryan said pulling the flap in the trunk lid down. “Wow, now this is a surprise!”

Ryan had what looked like a vibrator in his hand. “Surely, it can’t be, not an ivory clockwork vibrator!” He took a key from the lid of trunk and slid it into a hole in the base of the vibrator. After about twenty turns of the key it was fully wound. Looking closely at the base Ryan saw there were two little levers; one had a tiny ‘on’ and ‘off’ stamped into the base and the other had the letters ‘C’ and ‘I’. Ryan thought for a moment and thought, ‘continuous and intermittent’. He slid the little lever to ‘C’ and the other to ‘on’; the vibrator burst into life as Ryan watched the second hand on his watch. After 30 seconds he switched it off and re-inserted the key and counted the turns to bring it back to fully wound. “Umm, one key turn for 30 seconds that’s 10 minutes running time, not bad!” Then switching it from ‘C’ to ‘I’ he switched it on again. The vibrator ran for a minute, then switched off for two minutes, then switched on again. Ryan switched it off and rewound it. “So 30 minutes of fun on intermittent then”.

Looking back into the lid of the trunk Ryan found a strap with a hole and fitment that looked as though it fitted the vibrator. Then taking a closer look at the corset Suzanna was wearing he spotted two points where the strap could be fitted.

“Well it looks as though you are! in for some fun Suki!” Ryan attached the strap to the back of the corset and pulled it through between Suzanna’s legs attaching the other end to a point at the front. After adjusting its position slightly he slid the vibrator through strap and into Suzanna’s sex. Suzanna let out a couple of purring noises and wriggled as Ryan fully inserted the vibrator and rotated it so it locked into the strap. He then further adjusted the position of the strap so it was correctly aligned before pulling it a couple of notches tighter. The strap rubbed against Suzanna’s clit and she uttered more pleasurable noises.

“Now, just one more item,” Ryan said holding a blindfold in front of Suzanna. This was leather and matched the hood therefore it was no surprise that it clipped neatly on, leaving Suzanna’s senses reduced to muffled sound through the hood and feelings through her body. As in most cases, when some senses are rendered unusable the others are heightened, so it was for Suzanna. Ryan switching the vibrator on and caused Suzanna to be hit with an unexpected wave of pleasure. She wallowed in the sensations and was completely unaware of Ryan saying,“Enjoy yourself for a while I look around”.

Ryan walked to the end of the dressing room and opened the door there. Inside was a second coat stand bolted to the floor; this was identical to the one downstairs but the parts were fitted in different positions. He was back in his thinking pose of finger and thumb either side of his chin when he noticed different noises coming from Suzanna. The vibrator had obviously switched off and she was showing her displeasure both verbally, by making grunting mpphh noises and by her body language as she twisted and wriggled trying to obtain some satisfaction.

Ryan returned to thinking about the coat stand and a smile broke across his face. He turned and walked past Suzanna asking if she was enjoying herself to which he received another “mmpphh” of displeasure. “Marvellous” he said sarcastically as he left the dressing room.

Suzanna was just staring to notice the pain from her nipples following her wriggling when the vibrator kicked in again and suddenly that didn’t matter. When the vibrator turned off again she was aware of some clonking noises coming from one side of her; this was where the cupboard was. She couldn’t think what would cause that as there was only the coat stand in there. Her nipples were again becoming a concern and she tried to stand perfectly still to stop the hanging weights from swinging. The clonking noises continued then the vibrator started again and then everything else seemed irrelevant. The next time she became aware of her surrounding she heard Ryan say “Coming through, mind your backs!” then she could hear some grunting and noises on the stairs.

The vibrator had switched on and off a few more times and she was now reaching an orgasm as it switched off again causing her to start a stream of noises of displeasure when Ryan said, “Hey, steady Suki” and he started massaging her clit through the strap. “Umm” she uttered as the sensations increased and she was gradually getting nearer and nearer to her orgasm when the vibrator kicked in again. This was the extra boost she needed and waves of pleasure cascaded through her body as the orgasm hit. Although blindfolded she saw streams of vivid colours as she floated though clouds. As the last of the sensations died away she found herself hanging from the wrist cuffs covered in sweat but the nipple clamps were gone and someone was releasing her ankles from the spreader bar. Then the vibrator was removed along with its strap and her blindfold came off.

“Hi Suki, nice to see you are back with us now,” Ryan said as the gag came out. Suzanna worked her jaw around and smiled. “I’ll just release your wrists and you can go off and get a shower.” Suzanna smiled then lower her arm and disappeared into her bedroom.

Having struggled out of the boots and corset, unlacing that on her own was not easy, she decided to luxuriate in a bubble bath rather than have a shower. When she returned to her bedroom after her bath she found the corset and boots that she had left on the floor had gone and on entering the dressing room she saw the trunk was closed. Opening the lid she saw everything had been replaced in its proper place. Then she also notice alongside the trunk was the second trunk from the out building. Ryan had obviously moved it up there while she was relaxing in the bath. Staring down the stairs Suzanna could smell coffee wafting out from the kitchen and on entering she saw Ryan relaxing with a coffee and one of her bondage magazines.

“I thought you would never come down” Ryan said.

“I was rather tired and achy after my exertions, so I had a bath,” Suzanna replied and Ryan smiled back.

“Oh, I moved your other coat stand back down into the hall. I hope you don’t mind?” Ryan said.

“No, but why?” Suzanna asked.

“There is now one in both alcoves either side of the door so it matches; it used to be there the fixing holes are still in the floor.” Ryan answered, “Well I have to be away, I’ll catch you in a couple of days Suki. Now don’t forget although the knee restraint is off make sure you walk with small dainty steps” Suzanna nodded and with that Ryan left.

**Chapter 8 The Long Weekend**

It was two days later and Suzanna had just finished breakfast and was preparing to leave for a trip to town when the door bell went. ‘Who can that be at this time’ Suzanna thought somewhat annoyed. Opening the door she was greeted by a smiling Ryan. “Hi Suki”.

“Hi Ryan, I was just preparing to go to town”.

“Oh, anything special?” Ryan enquired. Suzanna explained it was just a routine window shop and lunch with friends.

“Ah that’s good,” Ryan commented, “As I have other plans for you. Now pop upstairs and put the leather corset on, the one in the top tray with full cups and the calf boots and also wrist and ankle cuffs; then come back down.”

Suzanna felt a little put out but tried not to show it. Fifteen minutes later she reappeared wearing the required garments. “Sorry it took so long I can’t lace this corset very well on my own”.

“I’ll finish it for you,” Ryan said beckoning her to him. Ryan undid the laces and started pulling them tighter. By the time he was finished Suzanna’s waist was at least one inch if not two inches smaller.

“Now I have a semi restrained weekend in store for you Suki. So you need to be fitted with a few items” and with that Ryan opened a bag previously unnoticed by Suzanna. The first item was a wide belt that was slipped around Suzanna’s waist, then a stainless steel cage cum plate was connected to the front of the waist strap. This was pulled through Suzanna’s legs at which point she realised what it was.

“This is a chastity belt isn’t it Ryan?”

“Yes, as a slave you’re not allowed to pleasure yourself whenever you want, you have to become accustomed to only doing that when given permission.”

Ryan carefully positioned the chastity belt ensuring no access could be gained by prying fingers to vital areas before snapping a small padlock onto it. He then reached into his bag and pulled out a length of small chrome chain. He connected one end to Suzanna’s left cuff with a padlock; neither the cuff nor the chain would be coming off until unlocked by Ryan.

“Now left hand behind your back Suki”. Suzanna did as she was told and Ryan fed the chain through a metal loop at the back of the chastity belt. He then ran the chain down to the cuff on her right ankle, where he cut the chain to length and padlocked it to the ankle cuff. Ryan did the same with her right wrist and left ankle. Her left wrist was now held against the loop at the back of the chastity belt by the chain to her right ankle and her right wrist held against the loop at the back of the chastity belt by the chain to left ankle.

“There we go Suki, you are free to walk around and do what you want now” Ryan explained.

“But how can I do anything with my hands behind my back?” Suzanna asked.

“Ah well that is only when you’re walking around, lift you right foot and bend your leg up so your boot is touching your thigh.”

Again Suzanna did as she was told. “Now scratch you nose with your left hand.”

As Suzanna moved her left hand the chain was pulled through the loop allowing her to reach her nose.

“Clever isn’t it” Ryan beamed, “Now let’s go into the kitchen because there is one more item to fit.”

Suzanna lowered her right foot, pulling the chain back through the loop so her left wrist was again behind her back, before they set off into the kitchen.

“You should be able to do everything you need to, within reason, in the next couple of days. I will be back Sunday evening to release you. But just to make sure you have enough to eat I’ve brought you some soup as I doubt you will be going out.”

“It’s not a problem I have plenty of food in and there is always the freezer” Suzanna assured him.

“Ah, there is the other item to fit yet Suki,” Ryan said showing Suzanna a form of scolds bridle about the size of a small ring gag. “I don’t want you chatting on the phone all weekend, so this will make it awkward to talk but let you eat and drink. You will then have time to contemplate the responsibility of being a slave.”

“But!” Suzanna exclaimed.

“No buts, open wide Suki” Ryan inserted the bridle that was big enough to stop Suzanna being able to talk properly, but not big enough to cause a problem. Once in place Ryan secured it with another small padlock. “OK Suki?”

“Esss I soos so (yes . I suppose so)” Suzanna replied.

“You can always call me on my mobile if there’s a problem, I’ll know it’s you” Ryan laughed.

Suzanna replied “Ha ha erry unny! (ha ha very funny)”

“OK see you Sunday evening, have fun,” Ryan said as he left. Suzanna just sighed.

The day was passing and Suzanna was trying getting used to her bridle and restricted movement. She could reach the taps on the sink and the controls on the cooker if she bent her leg up to her bottom but drinking and eating were a problem. Using a cup was messy and her cleavage had already felt the benefit of hot coffee and she couldn’t use a straw as she couldn’t get her lips together. She also found that if she knelt on the floor she could use both hands together.

She was just entering the lounge when all of a sudden she noticed her cousin Yasmin coming across the lawn towards the French doors which were wide open. She had forgotten all about the fact that her friends might come around as she hadn’t showed for their regular Saturday lunch meeting and she had turned her mobile off as she couldn’t answer it. But all this was too late, she couldn’t run and hide and she wouldn’t be able to close and lock the door before Yasmin reached it!

Then Yasmin came in through the French doors and stopped dead in her tracks as she saw Suzanna standing there in a leather corset, chastity belt with her ankles and wrists chained and a bridle / gag in her mouth.

“Suzanna!” Yasmin exclaimed “What’s happened? Who did this? Are you Ok?”

To be continued!
Iceni copyright 2008 © Iceni\_@live.co.uk
If you enjoyed this story you may also like another bondage story - [Zhara](../storiessz/zhara.html)_

__

_30.11.08_

_story continues in [**Corsets & Cuffs 2: Yasmin**](corsets_cuffs2.html)

o0o
