---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Trigger
authors:
- Albarez9
tags:
- M-f
- kidnap
- cuffs
- strip
- collar
- leash
- electro
- hum
- sex
- revenge
- slave
- nc
- XX
date: 2025-01-25 00:00:00
---

### **A Long Day**

The din of traffic was grating on Mira Holden as she walked down the sidewalk in Queens. She was heading home to her apartment after a long day of work. At twenty-eight years old, Mira was one of the youngest officers on the police force. She had reached the upper echelons of the force and was a director of the organized crime investigations unit in downtown Manhattan. Mira dressed formally, wearing black suit pants, a white shirt and a black suit jacket as she journeyed home. It was a warm September day in New York, and she couldn’t wait to get back to her apartment and get some much needed rest.

Eventually, Mira reached her apartment building and entered the lobby. She greeted the doorman and made her way to the elevator. She selected the fifty-fourth floor, and the elevator brought her to the intended destination.

Mira was thinking of taking a long, hot shower when she noticed something was wrong. Her apartment door was ever so slightly askew, as if someone had shimmied the door open. Mira immediately retrieved the pistol that was holstered against her hip and slowly moved forward towards her door. She blew her long, black hair out of her deep brown eyes.

Mira nuzzled the door open and entered the hallway and switched on the light. There was no evidence to suggest that her apartment had been robbed. All of her items and valuables were where she had left them that morning. Mira continued down the corridor, gun raised in defense. She entered the kitchen area and flicked on the light and she did a quick sweep of the area. Her kitchen was quaint and simple, average for the location in the city.

She then proceeded to her bedroom and opened the door, and went to reach for the light switch when suddenly she grabbed her arms and wrestled the gun out of her possession. Mira quickly recovered and punched her attacker in their face and tried to get the pistol once again. They grappled over the gun, each of them trying to gain an advantage over the other. Unfortunately for Mira, she realized her assailant had to be a fully grown man because of the overwhelming strength that she was now faced with.

Mira gasped as the man slapped her across the face, drawing blood that she could taste in her mouth. Her attacker then picked up the Italian-American police officer and threw her onto her bed. Mira rolled twice on the bed before she stopped. She stood up to continue the fight, but she realized it was all over as she heard the man click the pistol, turning off the safety and pointing the gun in her direction. Mira, who was trained for this sort of scenario, immediately tried to diffuse the situation.

“Okay, okay, looks like you win, buddy,” said Mira as she placed her hands behind her head. “If you are looking for jewelry and money, there is a safe in the kitchen. I can give you the combination.” Mira still could not see her attacker, as the light was still turned off. She strained her vision to discern any features that may help her identify him.

Her assailant switched on the lights, and Mira saw that the man who had attacked her was wearing blue jeans, a black t-shirt and a black balaclava. There was blood seeping through the mask where Mira had landed a punch on the man. She took pleasure because she had inflicted some sort of pain on him.

“Mira Holden?” asked the man gruffly. Mira was confused about how the man knew her name. That certainly wasn’t typical of a routine apartment robbery in the city. She bit her lip before confirming that she was indeed Mira. She decided she had to play along until she could call for help. The man retrieved a phone from his pocket, took a picture of Mira and, once satisfied that it was her, spoke once again.

“Put these on,” instructed the man as he threw a pair of handcuffs to her. Mira picked them up and handcuffed her hands behind her back. Mira was becoming increasingly nervous about the man’s intentions as time passed.

“Listen, buddy,” started Mira. “Why are you doing this? There is money in the kitchen. Just take it and go! I don’t care how you know who I am or where I live,” said Mira, which was an obvious lie. She desperately wanted to unravel this mystery.

“Shut the fuck up, bitch,” said the man as he continued to train the gun on Mira. He picked up his phone again and dialed a number with one hand. Mira eavesdropped on the brief call that was had.

“Boss, I got her. Yes. I’m sure. Bring the van around the back of the building now, in the alleyway,” instructed the man to his accomplice. Mira realized she was being kidnapped, and to preempt what was coming, she rushed her attacker and lunged forward at him despite her hands being bound behind her back. She knocked into her captor and momentarily surprised him. He lost his balance and fell to the floor, clearly surprised.

Mira capitalized on this and ran out of the room with her captor hot on her tail. She made it as far as the hallway before he intercepted her, as she felt a muscular arm around her waist.

“Fucking bitch,” spat her captor as he placed another arm around her neck. He then produced a ball gag and forced it into her mouth. Despite Mira screaming at the top of her lungs, all that came out was an indecipherable moan.

The man then placed a bag over her head, and everything went dark. Then she felt herself being marched out of her apartment and towards the elevator of the building. She hoped that one of her neighbors would pass and see what was happening and call the police.

Mira felt someone pushing her into the elevator she recognized and heard the doors slide closed. She stood in fear as the elevator made its journey down. After a minute, she heard the door open, and someone pushed her out of the elevator, and she felt herself being walked along a corridor that she figured must be the basement area of the building because of the heat. If they truly were in the basement, then there was no hope of anyone seeing her being abducted. Eventually, Mira heard a door open and felt a breeze against her body and she heard the doors of a van open. A person forced Mira into the back of the van with roughness, and she heard the doors close.

Mira knew it was imperative that she remained calm and wait for an opportunity to escape. That was what her police training had taught her. She sucked on her ball gag in the dark as she felt the van lunge forward, as she figured they were leaving the area now that they had their target. Her.

The journey seemed to last for hours to Mira. Her arms ached behind her back due to being handcuffed. Her mouth was also aching because of the ball gag that was placed in her mouth.

Suddenly, Mira felt the bag being removed from her face and her eyes had to adjust from the terminal darkness that she had been in. Mira glanced around her environment and desperately tried to make a note of what was happening.

She was in the back of a van with no windows on either side. The only light was coming from the back doors of the van where there were two covered up windows. There was a seat on both sides of the van, and a man, presumably her captor was grinning at her as he was lighting up a cigarette. Judging by the ease at which her captor was operating, she supposed that they must be deep in the countryside and away from the city by now.

“Muuummmmmfff”,” cried Mira as she gestured toward the gag that was in her mouth. Her captor shrugged and leaned across and removed the gag from her mouth in one swift moment.

Mira spat saliva on the floor and stared at her captor with pure rage clear in her eyes. She wiped the rest of the saliva from her mouth and attempted to regain some dignity.

“Where are we going?” asked Mira, addressing her captor directly. She cocked her head as she attempted to discern exactly what was happening here. She was being kidnapped, but for what end?

“You’ll find out soon enough,” replied her captor curtly as he smoked his cigarette. He knocked on the divide between the front of the van and the back, where Mira and the man were situated. “How far out are we?” shouted the man to his accomplices.

“About five minutes,” replied a voice from the front of the van. Mira desperately tried to piece together what was happening to her. She was a New York City police officer, and an exceptional one at that. She made some enemies over the course of her career. There was no doubt in her mind that this was an ordinary robbery or kidnapping for money. No, this was something else. The question was who had Mira pissed off so badly that they were willing to abduct, gag and blindfold a police officer?

Mira desperately tried to rack her brain for an answer as she examined the man sitting opposite her. There was one obvious sign that made Mira extremely anxious. Her captor had removed his balaclava, and now she could see his face. He appeared to be in his early thirties, blue eyes, black hair, with about three days of beard growth. The fact that he made removed his mask was bad news for Mira, and she knew it. If he no longer cared, if she saw his face, it meant that she wasn’t getting out of this situation alive.

Mira knew she had to be ready for an escape attempt. That was now her only option. These men, whomever they were or worked for, were not planning on letting her walk away from this alive. Mira quickly formulated a plan in her head.

“Do you mind if I have one?” asked Mira looking at the man gingerly, using her feminine charm to convince the man to give her a cigarette. Her captor shrugged and took a packet out from his pocket and fished out a cigarette. He placed it in her mouth, and Mira leaned in as he looked for his lighter.

With all her strength, Mira smashed her forehead against the man’s face, causing him to clutch his nose and keel over in agony. Mira used this time to search the man for a key or something to get out of these handcuffs. She found one and quickly slipped out of the handcuffs. Her captor was still reeling from her savage blow. Mira could feel a throb in her head from the impact, but she forced herself to ignore it for now.

She went to the back of the van and opened the back doors. To her surprise, when she opened the van, she found it had stopped. She carefully opened the doors and saw a group of men with guns pointing at her. “Fuck,” Mira muttered to herself. Her plan hadn’t gone exactly how she had hoped.

“Get the fuck out of the van,” instructed one man as he approached. Mira slowly exited the van with her hands in the air and above her head. She wished she had grabbed her captor’s gun, but she had been hoping to slip out of the van during transit without the driver noticing, leaving her captor incapacitated.

One man got into the van to check on her captor. She could hear his moans as she stared at the surrounding men. A smile came to her face, as she was happy that if she were to die, at least she went out fighting.

“Move,” came a voice from behind her. She felt the muzzle of a gun pressed against her back, and she walked. She supposed she was going to find out the reason for her abduction soon enough.

### **The Meeting**

Mira examined the area whilst she walked. They were walking along an ornate cobbled pathway that was surrounded by trees towards an imposing mansion that dominated the view. The mansion appeared to be three stories in height with balconies and floor to ceiling length windows. There were men surrounding the house fitted with guns and submachine guns. It was obvious that the house was well-protected.

“Keep moving!” instructed one guard behind her as he hustled her forward. Mira turned around and gave him a defiant stare, and then walked forward of her own accord. They reached two giant double doors at the entrance to the house and one security guard opened the doors and beckoned them in. Inside, Mira stepped into an ornately decorated lobby of the house. A gigantic chandelier hung from the ceiling, and the white, pristine tiling that covered the floor reflected the light of the sun beautifully, a testament to nature and man’s collaboration in creating something magnificent.

However, they ushered Mira forward down a hallway and into a room at the end. Mira’s eyes had to adjust to the darkness of the room as she stepped inside. The lighting in the room was soft. The ceiling appeared to be some kind of marble, and the floor was a beautiful dark shade of wood that was covered in places with red rugs. There were two chairs in front of a desk and sitting at the desk was a man hunched over, reading something. He was wearing a black waistcoat and a black pants and jacket combination. The man looked up from his work and greeted Mira with a menacing smile that made Mira’s heart stop. She immediately recognized who it was, and now she understood she was in real and present danger.

“Mira Holden,” said the man as he leaned back in his chair. Two of the guards who had escorted Mira here stayed in the room, and melted into the background, their guns still trained on the solitary woman. “You caused quite the commotion bringing you in. I think you broke one of my men’s noses?” asked the man, maintaining his false smile. Mira examined the short cropped black hair and tightly trimmed beard, and stared directly into his brown eyes. She knew who this was. He was famous in New York City, especially to a cop.

“You’re Marcio Hynes,” said Mira in a commanding tone. She would not let his show of force scare her. “You are the head of the Hynes Crime Family, based out of New York,” continued Mira.

“Very astute of you, Mira,” replied Marcio as he nodded his head in agreement. “I also assume, then, that you have figured out why you are here?” asked Marcio. Mira understood perfectly why Marcio had summoned her, and she accepted her situation.

“I killed your son,” said Mira bluntly, enjoying the effect her bluntness had on the man in front of her. Mira hated the Hynes family with a passion that stemmed from her childhood. Her father had been a low grade thief that worked for one of the Crime Families in New York. He got caught up in a bad job, and they whacked him for it. Her mother, in order to pay the bills, turned to prostitution. Mira was repulsed by her mother’s actions, and her greatest fear was becoming like her. For this, she blamed all the Crime Families of New York, and the Hynes were one of the most powerful.

“I want you to tell me what happened that day,” instructed Marcio as he leaned forward on his desk in anticipation. Mira figured she would humor him. There was no way she was walking out of this scenario alive, so she thought she might as well delay the inevitable as much as possible.

“It was during the height of summer,” started Mira. “Two years ago now. I got assigned to the traffic division, and I was doing my routine patrol. I was outside the city limits, and it was late at night. I pulled over to take a break, and my partner and I were drinking coffee. Suddenly, I hear an engine roar as a car flew by on my right. I immediately started my engine and engaged in pursuit. The car I was following was a red Ferrari. It looked like a real beauty. The car was swerving erratically all over the road, and I knew the driver had to be intoxicated,” continued Mira.

“My squad car could barely keep up, but I’m a skilled driver. I engaged the other car in aggressive maneuvers. I realized the driver of the vehicle was going to end up killing someone if I didn’t do something soon. I side-swiped his car, and it caused the car to swerve off the road and into a field next to the road.”

“Me and my partner got out of our car and walked over to the crash site. The Ferrari had flipped several times, and black smoke was billowing from the engine. I called out to see if the occupants of the car were alright. There was no reply. As I approached, I saw a young man stumble from the wreckage, and I saw he was waving a pistol in his right hand. I told him to drop his weapon as I aimed my gun at him. He didn’t listen and tried to shoot me, but he was too drunk and the first shot fell somewhere to my right. I would not let fire a second shot, and so I opened fire and hit him three times in the chest till the threat was ended,” concluded Mira dispassionately.

The Don contemplated what he had just been told as he sat back in his chair. He wiped away something from his eyes and then he looked back at Mira.

“You are one cold bitch,” he said, his smile back on his face. “So you really killed my son? I’ve spent so long waiting to meet you,” continued Marcio. “I spent the last two years wondering what I’d say to you, do to you. And now that you are here …” Marcio said, his voice trailing off.

“You’re going to kill me,” spat Mira. “That’s why you abducted me and brought me here. I understand.” Mira wondered if she was crazy at that moment. She had just advocated for her own death. Mira discovered that she really didn’t care if she lived or died. She had killed the son of one of the most powerful crime families in New York, and she could see how much his son’s murder had affected him. She took great satisfaction that her own personal war against the Hynes had resulted in such a high-profile casualty.

“I want you to understand that whatever happens, it’s not personal. I don’t blame you for killing my son. He was a low-life degenerate who embarrassed this family and would have gotten himself killed, eventually. However, you killed my fucking son,” shouted Marcio as he slammed his right fist against the table in a sudden rage. “And that … That I cannot forgive,” said Marico as he stood and opened the top drawer on his desk. He took out a revolver pistol and picked it up in his right hand.

“This was my son’s gun,” continued Marcio as he walked out from behind his desk. Mira heard the noise of the gun being cocked and knew that this was it. She closed her eyes as the Don walked slowly behind her.

It surprised Mira how okay she was with the whole situation. She was fine with dying and had peace with it. She knew that eventually the cops would discover her missing and they would piece things together about her disappearance. Maybe her death could even lead to a prosecution against Marcio Hynes.

“I’ve heard enough,” said Mira loudly and calmly. “Do what you’re going to do to me, let’s just get this over with,” said Mira as she was ready for the inevitable.

Mira felt the cold barrel of the gun against the back of her head. She imagined any second now that the bullet would exit the barrel and go straight through her head, ending it. Her patience was tested as she waited for the end. She felt herself shake as she stood there, arms bound behind her back. Mira heard a loud clicking sound and jumped. However, she was still alive. She opened her eyes and saw that Marcio had walked back to his desk and was sitting down once again; the pistol was back on the table.

“Oops,” laughed Marcio. “Looks like I left the safety on.” Marcio leaned back into his chair triumphantly, and Mira was unsure about exactly what was going on.

“I don’t understand,” started Mira, breaking the silence that hung in the air. “I murdered your son, you abducted me, and you are obviously going to kill me in retaliation. Why haven’t you done it?” asked Mira.

“First,” replied Marcio. “I have my set of rules that I adhere to, my own personal code. I don’t kill women. I never have and I don’t plan to start now. My son, Enzo, the boy you killed, wouldn’t want me to break my code on his account.”

“Then why have you abducted me?” asked Mira, looking around the room at the security guards who were watching the entire scenario play out behind her.

“My girl,” said Marcio. “You killed my son, and I don’t blame you. However, like I said earlier, I have to punish you for that, and I don’t kill women. If you had been a man, I would have put a fucking bullet through your skull five-times over by now. However, you are a woman and so I cannot kill you. That left me in a bind for quite some time. It took me quite a while to decide what to do with you,” continued Marcio.

“Then I did some research on you. Someone killed your father when you were young, leading you to hate organized crime. You became fucking Batman!” laughed Marcio. “However, it was what your mother became that terrified you. It wasn’t dying,” said Marcio, leaving the threat to settle between them. “I’m going to make you regret ever killing my son,” said Marcio seriously. “I’m going to make sure the rest of your life is pointless; every day, you are going to wake up and wish that I had killed you today.”

“Marcio,” said Mira, fear filling up inside of her. “Let’s just talk about this, okay? The cops are probably looking for me. They will find me. Just let me go and I will say nothing about this,” Mira desperately begged of him.

“You thought you were going to get a hero’s death, Mira? No, that would have meant that your life meant something,” continued Marcio, ignoring her pleas. “We are going to fake your death over the next few days and pay to make sure the police certify it is you. It will be ruled as an overdose, a tragic open-and-closed case of an obsessive and broken woman. No one will remember you, Mira, or any of the work that you spent your life accomplishing.”

Mira felt tears welling up in her eyes. What Marcio was telling her horrified Mira. She had been prepared to die, but she had not been prepared to live a life like her mother had led, subservient to men’s basest desires, and she was under no illusions that was what Marcio had in store for her. He planned to transform her into some sort of sex slave and either confine her at his mansion or transport her to some foreign country once she was legally declared dead. There was nothing she could do now. She was completely powerless to prevent anything. Today she had lost her freedom, and everyone in the room knew it. Mira couldn’t accept that this was what fate had in store for her, but she had no way of knowing things would get far worse than she could imagine.

### **Things To Come**

“Marico,” started Mira as she attempted to keep her composure. “I killed your son, the heir to this family! Me, I did that, and no one else,” Mira continued attempting to draw his ire and rage.

“Not going to work, Mira,” replied Marcio sitting behind his desk. “Here’s what’s going to happen now. You are going to strip naked in front of everyone in this room,” said Marcio. “And if you don’t, I will have my men strip you for me, and they can get very hands on if you know what I mean,” laughed Marcio.

Mira gulped and looked at the leering men behind her, and knew that she had no choice. One of the men undid her cuffs. She reached up and unzipped her black suit jacket and slowly removed it. The anticipation in the room grew as she was stripped of her clothing. She then folded her jacket and placed it on the seat in front of her. Mira then unbuttoned her white shirt and removed it, letting everyone see her large breasts, which were contained in a white bra. This caught the attention of Marcio and he sat up in his chair with interest.

Removing her shoes and socks, followed by her black pants, she sat on a seat. She then stood back up and presented herself in front of the Don. She was on the verge of tears.

“How big are those jugs of yours?” asked Marcio coarsely. His eyes were running over her near naked body, and he was clearly enjoying every moment of her humiliation.

“My … jugs?” she asked, scared. Mira didn’t know to what Marcio was referring, as she was too busy wondering what was going to happen to her once the last vestiges of her clothing were gone.

“Your breasts, sweetheart,” asked Marcio with a condescending smile on his face as he fixed his gaze on her breasts. A chuckle came from the back of the room from his men. Mira turned around and shot them daggers with her eyes, to no avail.

“They are a 32 I size bra cup,” said Mira as she heard laughter from behind her. Marcio raised his eyebrows in surprise. He was now sitting bolt upright at his desk.

“It’s a good thing I didn’t shoot you then, isn’t it, sweetheart? Not with tits like that!” said Marcio as he looked around the room and laughed. Mira felt herself blushing. Mira felt humiliated standing in front of the men in nothing but her underwear. She supposed that was the point.

“Take off the bra and panties, sweetheart,” ordered Marcio. Mira could feel the guards behind her, watching her every move with anticipation. Mira reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her white bra and slowly removed it. The room was silent. She used one arm to cover her massive tits while using the other arm to slowly remove her panties, revealing her shaved pussy, which she then promptly covered with her other hand.

“Sweet Jesus,” said Marcio, barely breathing. “To think I ever considered blowing your brains out. No, you, my big titted friend, belong in a museum of beauty. What were you ever doing in the New York City police force is beyond my comprehension?” Mira cried as the Don objectified her body. Mira wasn’t afraid of dying, but the thought of being reduced to a sex slave was a fate worse than death for her, and now it was happening.

“There, there, don’t cry, sweetie,” said Marcio soothingly. “The horror hasn’t started yet, Mira,” laughed Marcio. “Mira Holden, now that is a good strong Italian name for a strong Italian woman, is it not?” asked Marcio rhetorically. However, you are not a strong woman, are you, Mira? No, that name no longer fits you. It doesn’t seem right to me. From this day forth, you shall be known by the name ‘Jiggly Tits’,” said Marcio as the henchmen in the room broke out into laughter, enjoying her subjugation. Mira was sobbing openly now.

“Marcio, please …” cried Mira as she continued to cover her private bits in front of the entire Hynes’ crime family. She could hardly see, as her eyes were full of tears.

“Now Jiggly Tits, you no longer speak unless spoken to. If you speak again in my presence, I will let every one of my security guards have sex with you tonight,” said Marcio threateningly. Mira nodded understandingly and continued to silently cry as she waited to see what else the Don had in store for her.

“Now Jiggly Tits, let’s get you some proper clothing that reflects your new status. Marcio clicked his fingers, and one man came forward with a box of clothing. Mira opened the box and saw there was lingerie inside. She looked pleadingly at Marcio, who gave her a stern look in response.

Mira first put on the black stockings that came to mid-thigh, and then pulled up the black pair of panties that were attached to the stockings and held them up. Mira was at least glad that her vagina was covered again.

Mira then put on a pair of high heels and crouched unsteadily over the box as she fished for the next article of clothing that she was supposed to wear. She found a weirdly shaped corset and put it on. The black corset started below her boobs, and didn’t cover them at all. And she placed the straps on her shoulders. There were two suction cups with bells attached to them. Mira cried in anguish as she realized what they were for. She placed one of them on her right nipple and created a vacuum so that it stayed in place, and grimaced in pain as she did the same for the other nipple. She knew had bells on her nipples that would jingle with every movement she made. She knew the last item, a heavy, light brown collar, was intended for her neck. Mira placed the collar around her neck and heard a click as it locked into place and fit snugly around her neck.

Mira then stood up and stared at Marcio as he stood up from behind her desk. His trousers were bulging with excitement. He walked around Mira, gave her large ass a slap before standing in front of her.

“Jiggly Tits,” he whispered as he cupped her face in his hand. “Don’t cry yet,” he continued as he wiped away her tears. “After I’m through with you, your mother will look like a virgin to you. As much fun as this has been, I’ve got a family to run, you know, serious shit. I don’t think we will talk again, you and I, you will just exist on my estate paying for the sin of killing my son. Good luck, Jiggly Tits,” said Marcio as he gestured for the guards to remove the woman from the room.

“Jiggly Tits,” shouted the man gruffly. Mira didn’t respond straight away, as her new name had not yet registered with her. “Jiggly Tits, don’t make me come over there,” the guard said angrily.

Mira glanced one more time at Marcio, hoping that there was something that she could say, but the Don was already gone back to reading something at his desk, and she realized this conversation was over.

Mira turned away and walked towards the guard in her high heels. They left the room and were back out into a corridor. A guard escorted Mira to another wing of the house. Mira was still crying, and she was conscious of the continued noise her nipple bells were making. She saw the guards exchange looks of laughter as they looked at her. Eventually, they reached a room off one of the main hallways, and the guard led her inside.

“Jiggly Tits,” started the man. “This is your room, and I will lock the door every night.” You can remove the lingerie clothing at night if you want, but keep it clean, as this is all you will wear for the rest of your life. “If you cause any trouble or start screaming, the Boss said that I or one of the boys can come into your room and … discipline you however we see fit,” the guard said menacingly.

With that, the man left, and Mira heard the door lock behind her. Mira looked around the room. It was tiny, but luxurious. The walls were black and white stripes and padded. From the ceiling hung a chandelier. There was an enormous bed that took up most of the room, with an animal skin strewn over it. There were desks on either side of the bed with lamps on them. Opposite the bed was a small bathroom and a shower. There was an empty clothing cabinet next to the bathroom.

Mira sat on the edge of the bed and numbly tried to remove the collar, but she found she couldn’t. She guessed she was supposed to wear this forever now, even in her sleep. Makes sense, she thought to herself. It will probably shock her if she gets too far away from the house.

She winced in pain as she removed the suction cup bells from her sore nipples and placed them in the clothing cabinet. Then she took off her high heels, stepped out of her stockings and took off her panties and folded them in the cabinet.

Mira felt terrified as she sat on the edge of the bed. She was nude as she sat there, her massive tits and large ass making her a target of sexual abuse for every criminal in the house. And the worst thing was, there was no way that she could stop them. Mira stared at the wall for well into the night as she tried to process what had transpired tonight. It was clear that Marcio had made her into a sex slave of the Hynes Family, that much was clear, but exactly what that would entail remained a mystery to her.

Mira alternated between despondent disbelief and rage. She would grab one of the luxurious pillows, bury her face in it and scream at the top of her lungs, careful not to make any noise lest she wake any of the guards up.

Eventually, Mira climbed into the soft bed and pulled the covers over her up to her neck for some modesty and tried to get some sleep. She was desperately worried about what tomorrow would bring. It was evident that she was in no immediate danger, as the Family would have killed her by now. No, Marcio wanted to break Mira, and she was worried that the Don already had.

Mira had always been terrified of ending up like her mother. Both Mira and her mother were blessed with full, feminine figures. Only now, Mira’s physical appearance was turning into a nightmare for her. Mira had always been afraid of being seen for her body, not her personality, so she always wore baggy, frumpy clothes to hide her appearance.

Marcio had taken that from her too, reducing her to nothing more to her basest instincts and appearance. Her name, Mira, had been taken from her too. Everyone that she would interact with from now on would be under orders to refer to her as Jiggly Tits and nothing else. The Don had erased her very identity, and she was powerless to stop him.

Her kidnappers were meticulous in their planning and had executed the operation without a hitch. The police department would, given Mira’s history, assume that the Hynes family had abducted and murdered her. However, the Hynes family would pay off any inquisitive detectives to stay silent, and the police department would never suspect Mira was being held captive as a sex slave in their mansion. It was too audacious.

No, Mira knew that this was her life now until she died of old age or Marcio tires of her. She just didn’t know what life would entail for her yet.

### **The Dog And The Woman**

Mira was jolted awake by the sound of a door being unlocked. She quickly sat up in bed and pulled the surrounding covers to cover her modesty. The door opened and one of the security guards entered the room. He walked over to the window in the room and opened the curtains. Mira watched him, and she saw it was the crack of dawn. She must have gotten about an hour’s sleep last night.

“Rise and shine, Jiggly Tits,” said the guard as he walked back over to the entrance to the room and leaned against the door frame. Mira considered defying his orders, and he must have sensed it. “Jiggly Tits, make this easy on yourself. The Boss has said that we can rape you if you disobey. Now, I have a wife and kids at home, so I don’t want to, but I can guarantee most of the men who work for the Don will rape you in a heartbeat.”

Mira nodded her head suddenly, removed the covers, and stood up completely nude. The man motioned for her to collect her lingerie, and then she followed him out of the room and through the mansion. Eventually, they reached one of the side entrances of the house and they walked outside. Her guard this morning was middle-aged and wearing a leather jacket and jeans.

“Stand here,” instructed the man as he picked up a hose and turned on the water. He pointed the hose at Mira and was about to spray her when she suddenly objected.

“It’s freezing out here. Please don’t do this to me,” begged Mira, dreading what was about to come. Her nipples were already rock hard because of the cold air, and she could see her breath freeze in the air.

“Jiggly Tits, you don’t talk to anyone, got that? You might as well be a mute because your days of verbal communication are over, understand? I have my orders to follow,” said the guard.

Mira screamed as the man pointed the hose at her and turned on the water. It was like a thousand daggers into her body, those icy tendrils grabbing hold of her. Her shower lasted about five minutes. Satisfied, the guard threw her a towel to dry herself off.

“You will be bathed in this manner each morning,” started the guard. “Your pubic and underarm hair will also be shaved out here when necessary. This is the start of your day, Jiggly Tits. Now, get into your clothing,” instructed the guard. And be quick about it. I haven’t got all day to be babysitting you, slut.”

Mira dried the water off her body and laid the towel on the ground. She then put on her stockings and panties, grateful for the meager amount of heat that they were providing her. Then she slipped into her high heels, and then attached her vacuum nipple bells and stood up.

“Good Jiggly Tits, now attach this,” said her captor. Mira took a long lead from him, and held it in her hands not sure what else she should do with it. She looked at the man, but was too afraid to speak. Sensing this, the guard gave direction.

“Attach the lead to your collar,” said the guard. Mira followed his instructions and attached the lead to her collar, and then the guard took the other end and gave it a tug, forcing Mira forward.

“Let’s go for a walk,” said her captor as he led her away. Mira felt ashamed as she followed the guard. She was naked and now she was being led around by a fucking lead and collar, like some sort of animal. Anger flared in Mira, but she quickly quashed it. There was nothing she could do. She had no leverage, and she didn’t even have her gun. Eventually, Mira and the guard reached the back of the mansion. There was a crystal blue pool just behind the house.

A small Jack Russel dog distracted Mira by running over to her and licking her stockings. Mira knelt down to pet the dog. There was something so reassuring about seeing such an innocent creature in a place like this.

“This here is Mike,” said the guard as he stood above her. “He is your life now. Where he goes, you go,” the guard laughed as he tied the other end of the lead to the dog’s collar. “He’s going to take you for a walk around the premises.” Mira looked up defiantly and was about to say something before the guard suddenly slapped her across the face. Mira could taste blood in her mouth and averted her eyes from the guard, scared of what else he would do.

“Now,” started the guard, oblivious to what had just happened. “You are to follow the dog wherever he goes. If you try to stop him or get away, your collar will go off. If you reach the premises of the estate, both you and the dog will get a shock. Understand, Jiggly Tits?” asked her tormentor. Mira stood up and nodded her head that she understood.

The guard gave the dog a gentle slap, and he took off running. Mira chased after the dog, her massive tits and large ass jiggling with each step. The dog veered left into the gardens, and Mira followed. There was a central fountain, and the dog stopped to pee against it. Mira saw a gardener tending to the plants and looked at him questioningly to see if he could help her. Unfortunately for Mira, the gardener turned to her and gave her a smile, and spoke to her condescendingly.

“Hello Jiggly Tits, welcome to the gardens,” said the gardener, letting Mira know just where his allegiances were. There was no point in trying to contact him. Before she could think anymore, Mike took off running and Mira had to follow. He ran down one lane of the garden and to the conservatory at the back. They then went out into the wooded area behind the mansion, where there were no guards watching.

“Alright, you little shit,” said Mira aloud as she ground to a halt. “This is just not happening. A dog is not taking me for a walk.” Mira stopped confidently for a few moments, and then she felt the most extreme pain she had ever experienced in her life emanate from the collar that was fastened around her neck. She desperately clutched at the collar as she sank to her knees, but then she realized how to ease it. She jumped up and continued to follow the dog, alleviating the tension on the lead. The pain ceased immediately, and Mira regained her thoughts. “That was a dead end,” she thought to herself, as the dog forced her to mosey around.

Following the dog for hours left Mira exhausted until she estimated it was midday. She felt pain in her bladder as she needed to pee, but there were no toilet facilities for her to use. Surely they couldn’t mean for her to go to the bathroom outside? Mike answered her question by peeing, as he cocked his leg. Mira squatted down and adjusted her underwear so that she could take a piss in the grass. Mira had never been so embarrassed in her entire life as she stood up and adjusted her underwear and continued to follow the dog.

Mira estimated another few hours had passed, and she was now famished and thirsty. She then heard a whistle in the distance and Mike made his way to the mansion, dragging her along, bells jingling.

Mira arrived a few minutes later, and the guard that she had met this morning detached the lead from the dog and took it in his right hand, and he gave it a stern pull.

“Come on, Jiggly Tits,” ordered the man as he pulled her inside the house. She was led to the kitchens, and she could smell a wonderful assortment of flavors and smells, heightened by her hunger. Mira assumed she was being fed, but the guard forced her to kneel. He then took two bowls from the counter and filled one with water and the other with what looked like leftovers from today’s dinner.

“Only use your mouth to eat. If you use your hands, I’ll give you an electric shock. Got it Jiggly Tits?” asked the guard. Mira nodded, her head subservient, and used her mouth to eat the food. It was some sort of pasta dish, and it was cold, but it satiated her hunger. She then used her tongue to lap up water as she had seen cats do, and she shed a few tears for the degradation and humiliation that she was enduring. Once she finished eating, her leash was pulled, and the guard led her back outside.

“Take off the shoes,” instructed her captor. Mira gladly removed her high heels as they were sore on her feet. “It’s time for your daily exercise,” continued the guard. You are to run around the perimeter of the house for the next hour. Maintain a good pace, as getting behind will result in a shock.”

The guard slapped Mira on her large ass, causing her to yelp, but she knew she had to run. She ran as fast as she could initially, scared of another shock. Once she reached the perimeter, she slowed a bit, as her pace was unsustainable. She was, however, running fast enough to sweat. Sweat covered her entire body. Her bells were jingling as she ran. Occasionally, she would pass a security guard and they would enjoy the sight of the big titted brunette running without a bra around their mansion.

After she ran around the perimeter a few times, she estimated she had covered around five miles; the guard gestured for her to stop. He then instructed Mira to step out of her lingerie, which she did.

“I’ll take your clothing to be washed so we can do this all tomorrow,” said the guard. “In the meantime, you know what’s coming,” the guard said as he picked up the hose and turned it on.

This time, however, Mira welcomed the cold water as it was too warm. She felt the water wash away all the crime and the sweat that she had accumulated throughout the day. Once the shower was done, Mira was shepherded back inside the house, where she was taken back to her room. She figured it was around seven pm.

Once she entered her room, completely nude, she noticed there was a small TV on the clothing cabinet. Mira looked back at the guard questioningly, but did not vocalize her thoughts, afraid of the consequences.

“I found an old television in one of the unoccupied rooms here today,” started the guard. “As a reward for your good behavior today, here is a small gift. Just don’t stay up all night watching it, as you will still need to repeat everything you did today again tomorrow and the day after that, etc.”

“Thank you,” whispered Mira. Her big, brown eyes locked with the guard, and for a moment she thought there was a flicker of empathy there from the guard, but then it vanished and he exited the room and locked her door.

Mira made her way over to the television and turned it on. She turned to a news channel, but there was no mention of her disappearance yet. Mira then turned on a drama channel and snuggled herself under the duvets in bed. She watched the TV for about an hour, before the exertion of the day caught up with her, and the former cop felt herself dozing into a sleep. Mira fell asleep while the television was playing her favorite HBO drama. She didn’t stay awake to see what happened at the end of the program as she was already asleep, exhausted from being led around the estate all day by the dog.

### **Time**

#### **Two Years Later …**

“Wake up, Jiggly Tits,” ordered a female guard standing at the door to her bedroom. Mira knew that this woman was called Anna. She knew all the guards’ names over the last two years of her painful imprisonment. Mira immediately threw across the blanket and stood up, ready for attention. The guard smirked and led Mira out of the room.

They arrived at the familiar spot at the back of the house where Mira merely stood and waited for the icy chill of the water as it struck her body. She no longer screamed when the water hit her body, as she had grown accustomed to it over the years.

Mira then dried herself off and put on the same lingerie that she had been wearing for the past two years. If the clothing got damaged, one guard would replace it, but it was always identical to remind Mira that nothing was going to change for her.

As was customary, Mira was attached to the dog and her daily walk began. Mira had grown to like the little dog. Initially, she hated the animal for degrading her, but then she realized it wasn’t his fault. They had a good routine going. The dog would take her on a walk through the gardens before heading for an exploration of the perimeter. Mira even learned to time her bathroom breaks with Mike’s.

After her daily walk, she would devour the leftovers of whatever the Family had that day. She had become so accustomed to eating with her mouth and drinking with her tongue that she couldn’t remember how to use a knife and fork. Even the small little things Marcio had erased from her life entirely.

Mira was then sent for her usual run around the mansion. Over the years, the male guards had started scheduling their breaks so that they could ogle at the big titted former cop as she ran around the perimeter. They would take bets on how fast or slow she would be today, treating her like a racehorse. They expected her to run regardless of the season. If it was snowing, she could run slower so as not to slip, but she still had to run to keep herself in shape.

Then they ordered Mira to remove her lingerie and wash outside again. After that, they returned her to her room, where she found solace in watching television every night, her only relief from the humiliation and horror she was experiencing. However, the weekends were a different story.

Her routine was the same all week along. The only difference between one day and the next occurred at the weekend. A few months into her captivity, one of Marcio’s most trusted men had committed a successful murder. Mira knew this because she was wandering around with Mike in the woods one particular day when she saw a man on his knees begging for his life. The sound of the gunshot, as someone shot him in the head, sent Mike scrambling, and Mira with him.

Mira heard things from the guards as they spoke absent-mindedly around her, knowing she would relay no information to anyone else. She was just “Jiggly Tits” after all.

Mira heard that the man who committed the murder that she had witnessed was one of the Don’s closest men. It took her a while to finally learn the name, but when she did her blood ran cold. It was Romeo “The Womanizer” Corrillo. He was famous in the New York police department. He was a ruthless hit man employed by the Hynes Crime Family and had many suspected murders to his name. Mira learned the Don was rewarding him for his loyalty with a special gift. It took her a couple of days before she found out that she was the gift.

Mira entered her room nude and stood patiently beside the bed waiting, as was customary. They had given her as a gift to Romeo. He only stayed at the mansion on the weekends, so Mira was free to watch TV and have herself some alone time during the week. However, during the weekend, she was just a common sex slave.

Romeo entered the room and examined Mira as her usual. Mira stood with her arms by her side, with her expansive chest presented to him. He would always examine Mira for a few minutes.

Mira was never sure what he was thinking. Romeo was always dressed in a black suit and pants combination with a white shirt. He was bald and was always wearing a pair of sunglasses, even in the mansion and at night.

Mira watched as Romeo stripped naked and sat on the edge of the bed. Picking up the remote, he turned on the TV. He gestured for Mira to sit on his lap, and she obeyed. He ran his hand up her lower back and gently groped her huge tits. Mira let him, knowing there was nothing she could do to stop him. Romeo never spoke to Mira unless he was ordering her to do sexual acts. Tonight was different.

“It’s nearly 9 pm,” said Romeo, glancing at the TV. A local news station was playing on it. “Jiggly Tits, you know I think in some ways we are alike. Killing the son of the Don, that was … bold,” said Romeo, looking for an appropriate word. “You must have known that there would be hell to pay for that, but you probably weren’t expecting this?” asked Romeo. Mira remained silent, unsure if she was allowed to speak. She hadn’t spoken or uttered a word in two years.

“I’m an evil man,” confessed Romeo. “I’ve killed people too. It brings me … pleasure to watch the desolation in people’s eyes. Tonight, you are going to give me that pleasure,” said Romeo. Mira looked at him in excitement. Was he going to kill her and put her out of her misery?

“I will not kill you, if that’s what you are thinking,” said Romeo, apparently sensing her thoughts. “But you will die psychologically tonight, and I want to be there for it. If you don’t do what I say, I will remove the TV from your room. Do you understand?”

Mira nodded her head to show she understood. Romeo made Mira stand up and started stroking his cock whilst mauling her large tits.

“There we go,” said Romeo, satisfied that he was erect. “Now, sit on my dick and let me penetrate you,” ordered the hit man. Mira sat on his hard dick and felt him enter inside her. He slowly began to thrust. “You are not to come until I tell you,” instructed Romeo, deadly serious.

Romeo turned up the volume on the television as he slowly fucked her. Mira breathed heavily because of the stimulation and wrapped an arm around his neck.

“And now to local news,” said the news anchor. More than two years ago, Mira Holden disappeared from her New York apartment. Following a thorough investigation of the disappearance, it was initially thought that the young policewoman could have been abducted in relation to the murder of Enzo Hynes during a high-speed pursuit.”

Mira felt Romeo harden inside her pussy, and he thrust deeper and faster, and as the news report went on, Mira felt herself approaching her climax. She was trying to watch the TV as her huge tits slapped and bounced in front of her face, distracting her. However, she could make out what the report was saying.

“However, recent evidence suggests that Mira Holden was not abducted, but took her own life because of drug money she owed to a local gang.

“No!” screamed Mira. The broadcast, shown live to her friends and family, destroyed her entire character, the only remains of who she used to be. Romeo grabbed her chin with his right hand and stared into her eyes as he approached his climax.

“This … is what I wanted to see,” panted Romeo as he watched tears form in Mira’s eyes as she realized that the Family had assassinated her character, not even her memory was safe.

As Romeo came, he stared at Mira, who also climaxed and experienced intense pleasure and sadness at the same time. Mira caught her breath as Romeo continued to watch.

“I … I … I really am just Jiggly Tits now, aren’t I?” asked Mira, not believing what she was saying, but knowing it was the only correct conclusion. Romeo nodded as he gently placed her back on the bed.

“Yes,” Romeo replied, laying his head on her enormous chest and making himself comfortable. “I won’t address you as a person ever again, Jiggly Tits, but I just want you to know that this isn’t personal for me. I just like a good fuck and you are a great ride,” said the hit man. There was silence for a while, and then Mira heard snoring from Romeo. He had fallen asleep on her tits.

Mira stared at the ceiling, there was still light emanating from the TV at the other side of the room. She could feel Romeo’s semen still warm in her vagina. She knew she would be given birth control pills tomorrow to prevent a pregnancy. It was obvious that Marcio wanted to deny her this aspect of life. She would never bear children of her own.

Mira didn’t even cry as she lay in bed, she was like Romeo. She had become dead to life. The only difference between the hit man and the sex slave was that one of them had a purpose in life, whilst the other was decidedly pointless. Neither of them were happy, the only commonality between the man and woman.

Mira tried to imagine what life had been like when she was a free woman. She couldn’t remember much of it, she couldn’t even remember the support of a bra. She wondered what became of her apartment and her belongings. Did anyone in her precinct question the official narrative? Was it true that her suicide was not a fact? Was there really no one coming to rescue her? Would she really spend the rest of her life in this mansion? These thoughts were spiraling around her head as she tried to sleep.

Mira found her thoughts drifting to her mother. She now knew what it must have been like working as a prostitute, just to look after your daughter. And what was it all for? Mira’s mother had wanted Mira to have a better life than she did, but she had inadvertently followed her mother into the sex trade. Both mother and daughter were just pawns in a game they never played. Mira understood that she had been pushed onto this path ever since that terrible night when her father was killed. Mira finally realized that she would end up here, one way or another. There was no Mira Holden, there never was. Mira was just a construct that she had invented to keep her safe from harm, but her true identity was, and always will be, Jiggly Tits.

Mira cried tears of grief and laughter as she realized her life was a cosmic joke, one she thought was about vengeance and justice, when it was really about sex and pleasure.

Jiggly Tits finally made peace with her situation as she felt herself drift to sleep. For the first time in her life, she slept soundly, content because she accepted that she couldn’t have avoided the life chosen for her, she was always meant to be Jiggly Tits.
