---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The New Years Resolution
authors:
- Asudemlatex
tags:
- Other/f
- transform
- mannequin
- cons
- X
date: 2006-08-13 00:00:00
---

My new years resolution was to get more exercise and to
that end I decided to start to walk to work, well at least part way to work as I
still had a month metro card so I could jump on and off busses and subway if my
feet got tired. And the types of shoes I loved certainly had their disadvantages
and a long walk was on of them. I wasn’t committed yet to ruining my carefully
honed ensemble either with the sneakers to work thing that so many women do in
the city.

I was on the way to work one morning after having
subway’d past the boring suburban parts too uptown shopping area. I ambled
along glancing at windows, making mental notes of up coming fashions. I stopped
in front of an old department store with one of the more creative window
displays I’d ever seen. It was in part the contrast to the rather old and some
would say dowdy store that the risqué display had, but more that the semi
clothed mannequins had on the most amazing shoes. They were wedges - which are
in at the moment - but the wedge was so minimal as to make them look like there
was no heel at all. Added to the fact that the wedges were clear Perspex too
completed the illusion of no heals at all.

I had to have a pair and strode purposefully in with the
thought of no money would be an issue. I just needed them.

As suspected the place didn’t have a sales assistant
under 55 and I swore I could see dust on some of the interior displays. I made
my polite enquiry and it seems that the window designer brought them in from
another store she worked for. Seems this was a new temporary designer as their
own had just retired. Well that explained the stark contrast between the
downtown styled display and the uptown store. She couldn’t help me with where
they came from but suggested I come back later to see if the designer was in.

The day went painfully slowly, dull meetings didn’t
help. I spent my lunch hour using the net to try to find the shoes but to no
avail. Nothing. Not even my favorite haunt ebay had anything remotely close.

Finally I was out the door at 6 and prayed the store was
still open when I got there. It being a Thursday there was a good chance it
still was.

I arrived and the sales assistant I had spoken too
earlier said she had relayed my request about the shoes and was told to bring me
down to the basement to the designer’s office. If the public side of the
department store was showing its age, behind the scenes were positively
decrepit. Long corridors of heating pipes and whatnot. Discarded displays here
and there and positively antique stockpiled high in places.

We finally made it to a small office and I was left to
wait for the designer who was nearby somewhere. I looked around and didn’t see
the shoes I was after and sat down. 10 minutes later she appeared, looking as
out of place here as her window display was. Way too young and I can see why the
fission with the existing staff. Very cute though and she came baring a box of
shoes.

She explained that she was freelance and worked all
around the city, but never really in one place for very long as she like the
freedom of being freelance.  She’d
gotten a reputation for some daring and kinky displays so were favored by some
really serious dressers as she tactfully put it. The shoes she said had come
from their specialty shop she did a lot of work for and also sometimes
moonlighted as sales staffs when well paying design jobs were thin.

She produced the box of shoes and my eyes lit up like it
was Christmas day. I unwrapped the tissues and pulled out the shoes. Wow. they
were amazing. I started to try them on and they fit just a bit too tightly but I
managed to stand in them none the less.  My
legs looked much longer and the angle caused my bottom to stick out in a
provocative sexy way. I walked around the room, pausing in model stances for
effect, finally totally stopping to see myself in the huge wall mirror. The
window designer’s watched me intently, I could almost see the gears moving in
her head.

The shoes were simply amazing and I would have to have
them but they were one size too small. I could wear them but only for short
periods of time and not really be able to enjoy them to the fullest. I wanted to
parade them around work and on nights out. I asked where they came from and she
said another store, but she had brought down several boxes of different sizes to
try on the old mannequins they had here whose sizes varied. She motioned me to
follow her and without thinking I was led down more corridors into a cavernous
mannequin storage room. There must be a hundred of them easily. Some even look
like life sized versions of the 50’s Barbie dolls as if they had been scaled
up to human height. She commented that the store was over 70 years old and never
threw anything out and that some of the mannequins were decades old, rare and
very valuable.

She made a dramatic wave with her hand towards them and
disappeared in search of the shoes in my exact size.

I had never been this close to a mannequin before, they
had always been behind glass or up on a base.  Here they had all these timeless beautiful female forms, mainly undressed
scattered around this huge dimly lit storeroom. As I walked amongst them I did
start to notice that some of them were dressed in flowing satin ball gowns from
a by gone era. I cheekily got closer a rather stylish and attractive one and
started to casually run my hands over her finely crafted curves. Its skin was
made of a very smooth hard plastic and it had an impossibly shaped wasp waist of
16 inches. I cupped its breasts teasingly, caressed them with envy and planted
and firm long kiss on her lips.

I so wished I had her body, her beauty, her perfection.

The dim lights flared for a second, which broke my
concentration on kiss. I stood back and looked around to see if the designer had
come back and turned on an extra set of lights. Nothing.

I stepped back and bumped into the mannequin I had
kissed. Her cool smooth plastic arms encircled my waist. Startled I tried to
jump and found myself frozen and silent. I couldn’t utter a word. Impossible
as it seems I was held firmly by a naked antique mannequin.

In front of me other mannequins slowly came alive,
walking with a slow deliberation on plastic feet towards me. I was released from
behind but still silent and totally mute. I tried with all my will to move to
make even the smallest of sounds and nothing.  They surrounded me and stripped me ever so carefully of all my clothes
including the new shoes I had sought out. They were gentle but firm, they’re
hands all over me as if I was the object to be dressed and undressed - like a
doll.

Even if I could move I doubt I’d ever be able too break
free.

Then I started to feel it, where they touched me, no -
they were caressing me - as they were taking off my work clothes I could feel my
skin numbing, changing, as if they’re closeness to me was imbuing me with
their own unique essence, the spirit of the life sized dolls; my flesh becoming
one with their plastic.

They were making me over as one of them, plastic hands
all over me, in me, exploring my entire body and with each touch of their
plastic skin, my skin takes on they’re plastic luster. The plastic penetrates
me deeper and deeper and I can feel an electric charge as the conversion
progresses. If I wasn’t so thoroughly and utterly aroused I would be
terrified.

They retreat, I must be complete. I am naked and coated
in plastic like them. Frozen in bliss. One approaches from the distance with a
large violet silk ball gown. Two of them come to her aid and help put it over my
body. The can move my arms and legs it seems but I can’t do anything but stare
out for frozen eyes. The feeling of the silk on my naked plastic body drives me
to a barrage of mental orgasms, which reverberate around my very soul.

My mind slowly regains a semblance of clear thought and I
see the designer standing in the doorway with a sly smile on her face.

\* \* \* \*

I walk in and see you there, frozen amongst the
mannequins posed so lovely in the expensive antique silk ball gown. I can sense
your thoughts. You kinky girl, you are really enjoying this as you have enjoyed
other ‘games’ in the past....

Prefect.....

I wave my hand again and the mannequins return to life
and surround you, lifting you up and carrying you deep into the storeroom past
rows and rows of still mannequins. I dash ahead and open a door hidden behind
some large dusty boxes. Inside is small room a large plastic tube that reaches
to the ceiling. The front part swings open and the mannequins place you
carefully inside.

I take time to make sure you look perfect in the plastic
tube, straightening the dress here and there, caressing each body part, knowing
that as I touch you your plastic shell is being rocked with sensual excitement
the likes of which you’ve never felt before.

I close and seal the large clear tube. Even if you were
able to move you’d never be able to get out.  Frozen there in the pretty silk you look like a life-sized doll in collectors
condition in its original packaging. I know you can feel and know you can hear
and see me, but not respond in even the slightest way. But I can sense your
feelings and that is all the proof I needed - whether you were conscious of it
or not you’ve willing embraced each stage of the traps I had set. You might of
left here with a pair of amazing shoes, but no, not for you....

As I leave I press a button on the wall that starts to
release a warm and viscous honey like liquid into the tube. I know all too well
that as it coats you it will drive you into a frenzy of lust, and that you’ll
be locked in a never-ending orgasm—one so tremendous that you won’t notice
me bolting the door and shutting off the lights.

You spend a very long time in darkness, locked in your
prison of pleasure soaking up the warm jelly like potion. The liquid feeding you
and converting you.  Preparing for
you for your unique new life.

Finally, after six months I return to pull you out and
undress you. Naked you very much resemble the other mannequins. But there is one
last stage before I can use you.

I summon the mannequins and they again swarm around you
like bees, but this time there is no flesh in your body to transmute, simply to
mold and shape. They pull and stretch, kneed and kneed. Your legs are stretched
and thinned, feet crushed and arched to accommodate 5 ½ inch heels, waist
impossibly compressed to 16 inches and breasts reformed much larger than yours
ever were.

The one which you so foolishly kissed tends to the last
stage of the shaping, she expertly massages your face with a firm but feather
like touch and with each moment that passes you look more and more like her
sculpted plastic visage. Finally she kisses you deeply on the lips... and pulls
back. There is just a hint of your former identity visible in a mannequin that
resembles so many of the others in the room. So freshly pulled from the tube
there is a window of an hour or so when your body is as pliable as warm plastic,
and the mannequins have reshaped you as they’re sister.

to be continued.....

Check out more from Asudemlatex at [dollsrealm.blogspot.com](http://dollsrealm.blogspot.com/)
