---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The New Housekeeper
authors:
- Sophia Usher
tags:
- F/m
- drug
- captive
- bond
- shave
- inject
- transform
- cath
- M2f
- cons/nc
- X
---

**Part 1: The Interview.**

I had moved to the area a few months back, I had no family left and no friends in the area. I had no work and was desperate for a job! I had seen the advert in a local paper for a male housekeeper. It really wasnt my thing but I really needed the money!

I was 25 and a very slim build, some had said I was very feminine for a man which drove me crazy. Okay I had long dark hair but that isnt unusual for a man! Granted I did take care of my body and always tried to look my best. After calling the number in the advert I put my best shirt and tie on and got the bus to the house. It was a huge mansion in what must have been acres and acres of land! I rang the door and waited, finally I could hear footsteps coming and the door opened. A tall stunning lady stood there in an immaculate black suit, her skirt just above the knee and a white blouse hiding lovely breasts! I nearly blushed she was SO hot.

"You must be Simon" she said

"Errr yes im here about the job" I replied

She looked me up and down very closely before ushering me inside.

"Oh I'm sure you will fit my needs just fine"

I wasnt sure quite what she meant by that but I followed her down a corridor all the time watching her, she even had seamed tights or stockings on, as I felt my cock begin to swell. We entered her study and she pointed to a chair.

"Would you like some tea?" she asked.

"Yes please" I responded.

She rang a bell and nearly instantly a door opened and a maid entered wearing a proper victorian style maids outfit. She was a very tall girl and looked a little harsh to me. She was told to get tea and she simply nodded and left. My interview then began with all the usual questions and some more weird ones as to whether I had family and friends? I was abit nervous and glad when the tea arrived and eagerly drank it up. Almost immediately I began to feel funny.

"Are you alright dear?" the lady asked smiling.

As got to get up I began to wobble and fell to the floor with a thump. As I lay on my back all dizzy the last thing I remember were the lady and her maid standing over me both smiling and the words "we have him!"

My head spun as I became to come to, what had happened! I tried to get up but couldn't as if I was held down! I tried to move but could hardly even do that!

I opened my eyes and as the focussed I could see a naked bound person hanging above me looking back at me! As my head cleared I realised that they were mirrors on the ceiling and it was me who was naked and bound! I looked odd... different! Apart from being naked all my hair had gone except for my head! My head hair was pulled into a pony tail. I looked down at my feet. My ankles were bound wide apart but what worried me more was the red nail polish on my toes!

As I worked my way up my now silky smooth legs I was strapped at the knee and thigh also! I gasped as I reached my my now bald cock and balls, a dull throb came from my cock and I noticed a tube in it! A cathether! I pulled at my bonds but it was hopeless! Further up I found out why I could hardly breath, a what looked like heavy rubber corset crushed my waist to a tiny size. My hands were bound at my sides and as I looked in the mirror on the ceiling to my horror I realised I had bright red lipstick and eye shadow and blusher on! And what had happened to my eye brows! I was bound to a Y shaped padded table my legs wide as I looked round I could see machines of various types and also hooks and chains and cupboards.

I began to scream and shout and it wasnt long before a door opened and the Lady I had the interview with entered followed by her maid. This time however they looked very different! The maid was now in a tiny rubber nurses outfit complete with mask! The lady was now head to toe in a latex catsuit and massive heels.

"Let me the [F@#K](mailto:F@#K "blocked::mailto:F@#K") go youcrazy witch!" I screamed at her.

Silently she walked over to me clutching something.

"You looney woman when I get out of here im calliMMMMRRRRR"

My screams were cut off as she held my nose and began to shove what to my horror was a very large rubber cock shaped gag into my mouth. She shoved it hard nearly choking me as it buried itself down to my throat. She quickly buckled it tight around my head silencing me.

"Better! You will learn to love a cock!" she said smiling

I strared at her with such anger

"Mmmgggrrrrr" I cried."

"You may be wondering what I am going to do with you!? Well you see I specialise in Transformation drugs, to change men into women. I have developed a marvelous set of drugs to do this but sadly the company I work for says its too painful and with side effects. So what if it makes the male a cock loving submissive who craves bondage!"

She looked down at me and smiled.

"So I decided to try it on a non willing subject! You!"

I hear the rattle of a trolley and saw the rubber nurse rolling a machine with a huge dildo on it between my legs! I felt her lube my ass and she adjusted the dildo on the machine until I felt its huge tip against my anus. With a flick of a swich the dildo began to bury itself into my ass!

"MMMMrrggggg" i cried as it invaded me.

My eyes nearly popped out of my head as I watched in teror as 1" then 2" then 3" it kept going until there was 8" of rubber dildo in my ass! I panted and cried at the pain as I felt I was being torn in two!

Next my cathether was also linked to the machine by a thin tube.

"You see my drugs have to be delivered directly into you via your anus, penis, mouth and nipples!"

As she said this she place 2 glass cups over both my nipples! As I looked at the them I could see needles at the top of the cups. As the rubber nurse again flicked a switch on a machine my nipples were sucked up painfully in suction until they were right under the needles! I watched in horror as both the needles disappeared into my nipples.

"Grrrrmmmm" i cried

The lady now attached several bottles to the machines and turned a few switches and I heard several pumps begin. First I noticed a pink liquid moving down the tubes to the needles in my nipples I began to feel a numbing feeling in them! Next I felt a cold liquid in my ass and penis and saw a blue liquid slowly being pumped into me. Lastly a tube was attached to my gag and a trickle of liquid began to run into my helpless mouth.

They both stepped back and looked at their helpless victim before she spoke again.

"You see i am have always despised men and I'm going to turn you my dear into a the most stunning cock hungry BDSM Transexual slave!"

"Mmmmmm" I moaned

"The drugs going into your mouth will make you crave cock and make you OH so submissive as well as making you feel like a true woman. The drugs going into your nipples will give you the nicest tits you have ever seen. Lastly the drugs going into your ass and cock will not only give you an amazing feminine figure but will also shrink that worthless cock and balls to next to nothing!" she sad smiling.

The numbness had now worn off and I could feel pain in amy nipples which already looked swollen, MY ass and cock throbbed as I cried.

"Oh I think we need to take its mind off the pain" She said

Suddenly I felt the Dildo in my ass delve deeper in then retract as it began to fuck me!

"There that should take its mind off the pain" she said laughing!

They both turned to leave but as they reached the door the Lady turned and said, "Oh by the way these drugs work very fast, you will be able to watch yourself turn from a worthless man to a she-male slave right before your eyes! It only takes 48 hours to work and by then you will still have your male mind but a body and drive of a bondage loving whore and slut. You will be my slave forever!"

The door closed and locked. I was alone. I stared at my chest which already had small swelling appearing. All my muscles felt on edge as the drugs began to work. God was this really happening! I didnt want to be turned into a trannie slut!!!! All I could hear were the pumps for the drugs and that damn dildo pump humping my ass. I began to cry again.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=476.0)

08.12.12

story continues in [**The New Housekeeper 2: The Transformation**](newhousekeeper2.html)

o0o
