---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dungeons and Dragons
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F-m
- M-f
- bond
- fantasy
- vr
- majick
- strip
- naked
- collar
- leash
- rope
- clamps
- whip
- gag
- electro
- oral
- mast
- toys
- public
- petgirl
- tawse
- anal
- sex
- buttplug
- rom
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2026-03-15 00:00:00
---

### Part 21

---

#### Chapter 95: Last Night in Thoth

---

Back in the studio, Ellie let the illusion fall and Honey shimmered back into view. She was cuffed again and he stood looking at her.

‘Ezio,’ Ellie said after a moment’s silence. ‘Do you...' For a moment she was not a Seductress but Ellie Trapp, college student. ‘Do you want to see me again? Outside, I mean...' She cringed inwardly.

‘You are a girl, right?’ He was joking but the comment jarred her.

‘How would you know that I wasn’t lying if I told you?’

‘I trust you,’ he said. ‘And I’ve seen you.’

‘Yes, I’m a girl.’

‘I guessed.’ He smiled. ‘Somehow I knew that was the real you in the square before. And I guess I knew anyway. I have something for you.’ He reached into his coat pocket and produced a small round disc. ‘It’s all in the disc, my details.’

She fingered it. ‘Thank you.’ For a moment she seemed unsure.

‘What’s the matter?’

‘I don’t have any pockets and I don’t want to lose it.’

‘Allow me.’ He reached up and felt for her nipple then clipped the disk on.

She turned and looked at it in a mirror. The disc hung from the ring like a slave’s tag. ‘Do you want me to be your slave?’

‘Would you mind?’

She looked down, shy again. ‘No, Master.’ It seemed instinctive now - learned from Honey but also something Ellie wanted to do too.

‘And what about your dark sister?’

‘Are you saying you prefer my sister?’ She looked at him accusingly.

‘I’ve been in charge for a while now,’ he said, colouring. ‘I thought she…you might like a turn.’

She grinned. ‘Such a gentleman.’

Ezio grinned back and released her cuffs.

---

So how do you want me, Mistress?’ Ezio asked as Honey picked up her whip.

‘Naked would be a good start.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ Ezio shrugged off his leather coat.

Ellie had been enjoying flashes of his bare chest all evening.

‘I do like this body,’ she said, stepping towards him and touching his tattoo. ‘Is it like you in the real?

‘Something like this,’ he said. ’I’m a bit less muscular but we’re basically the same.’

‘Not bad.’ She stroked the whip down his chest. ‘But you’d better start working out. I don’t want a wimpy boyfriend.

‘So am I your boyfriend?’

‘I let you pierce my nipples,’ she said. ‘I’d say that shows a certain commitment.’

Ezio smiled, emboldened and sat on the bed to pull off his boots. ‘Had I better find another orgasm inhibitor?’

She glared at him, a swell of dominance making her feel the desire to punish him.

‘I don’t need any of your magical toys,’ she said tersely even as she felt dark Honey stir within her. ‘I’m more than capable of making you beg.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

She tapped her whip impatiently as he slid out of his leather trousers. His cock was already stiff.

‘Up against the pillar.’ She gestured with the whip. ‘Hands above your head.’

He obeyed her and she took a leather thong, binding his wrists.

‘Goldie, the Seductress I met in HomeTown, keeps a man as a pet,’ she said, remembering Charles locked in the Seductress’ closet. ‘She’s quite brutal with him.’ She reached up and took the knuckleduster out of her hair. Ezio watched it nervously. ‘I’m not quite at that stage.’ She tossed it carelessly onto the bed. ‘But I do expect complete obedience.’

She stood in front of him, focussing on his eyes.

‘This body needs to be worshipped. It expects your undivided attention.’ She let Dark Honey speak. ‘It expects your tongue to worship it and this...' She slapped his cock. ‘To provide it with pleasure.’ She leaned closer, so close she could have kissed him. ‘Do you understand, Slave?’

He gazed back at her. She was not using a Seduction but it was clear she didn’t need to.

‘Yes, Mistress,’ he said leaning forward. ‘I am your slave.’

‘And don’t forget it.’ She stepped back quickly so he could not reach her and went to the bed, picked up the spiked nipple clamps still lying there, bending unnecessarily just to flash her pussy at him. She was pleased to see the adulation on his face when she turned back to him. ‘So,’ she said, showing him the nipple clamps. ‘These are going on as a reminder of what I did for you.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ His tone was hushed, almost reverential.

It felt so good to pinch his nipples and hear him gasp. She’d been barely aware of the slow trickle of XPs and suddenly there was a rush, the excitement of domination again. He whimpered as she put the clamps on and Dark Honey’s power strengthened.

‘Thank you, Mistress,’ he said leaning towards her again, held back by his bound wrists.

‘You are eager.’ She walked around him, tapping the whip against her palm.

‘Yes, Mistress.’

Thwack. The brought the whip down on the side of his buttocks enjoying the way the skin flared red.

‘You know, for someone who’s supposedly dominant, you’re surprisingly submissive.’

He grinned at her and tossed his long hair, clearly flirting, enjoying the game. ‘I don’t think I ever said I was dominant, Mistress.’

She brought the whip down on his thigh. ‘I didn’t give you permission to speak worm.’

He looked away from her. ‘No, Mistress. Sorry, Mistress.’ He was beginning to blush.

‘I can see I’m going to have to gag you.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

She went to the dresser and pulled open the drawer looking at the mix of leather straps, cuffs, restraints, ball gags, ring gags… There was a penis gag and she pulled this out untangling the straps and holding it up for him. ‘After last night, this might be appropriate.’

He looked at it and his blush increased. She saw him lower his eyes.

‘Yes, Mistress,’ he whispered.

‘Last night, it seems, this wasn’t enough for you.’ She gestured to her body.

‘We’d had sex four times, Mistress,’ he whimpered.

‘Silence.’ She brought the whip down again and squeezed his balls until he moaned in pain.

‘But first, why don’t I make sure it’s ready for you.’ She pulled at the laces holding up her knickers and let them fall. ‘Oops.’ She put her finger to her mouth. ‘You know that keeps happening to me.’ She took the gag and slid it across her pussy. ‘Come to think of it, so does this. And this.’ She slid the phallus inside her. ‘You know that feels rather good.’

He looked away.

‘Look at me, worm,’ she snapped. ‘Don’t you dare take your eyes off this body.’

He looked back and she pulled the phallus out then walked towards him.

‘Open up.’

He opened his mouth and she slid the phallus inside.

‘Maybe I should try you on that conditioning machine.’

He shook his head a fraction as she stepped in close to buckle the strap of the gag, ensuring she rubbed her breasts on his chest then slid her hand down to his cock and squeezed his balls making him groan.

‘Oh, I haven’t started torturing you yet, Magic Boy.’ She stepped away back to the collection of toys and picked up the Pain Stick, saw his eyes widen and she walked back towards him menacingly. ‘How much do you love your mistress, worm?’ she asked, holding his gaze. ‘Are you willing to suffer to please her?’

He looked back at her. He was breathing hard around his gag. She saw him nod.

‘How much pain are you willing to take?’ She held the tip of the stick to his chest. He flinched slightly and she saw him look down. ‘I told you to look at me, worm.’ His eyes came up meeting hers again. ‘Will you take it for me, worm?’ she asked softly. He nodded and she tapped the stick to his chest, hearing the crackle of magic and the muffled cry it produced. He was still looking at her and she lowered the wand to his belly. ‘How about here?’ He held her gaze and nodded again barely flinching as the wand tapped his skin delivering its shock. ‘What about here.’ She pressed the wand to his balls and saw him swallow, his eyes showing his fear.

He nodded again.

‘My brave boy.’ She smiled and lifted the wand away from his balls then gave them a squeeze before turning away.

‘Mmmn.’

She turned back.

He nodded down, pushing his hips forward. ‘Mmmnn.’

‘You really want me to do it?’

He nodded.

‘Well, if you insist.’

The gag only partly muffled his scream and she saw him go pale, realising that she had done Damage to him. His breathing was rapid and a sheen of sweat formed on his face. She was almost sorry until the rush of experience made her stagger and almost climax. That other sort of experience. Their eyes met and she thought he understood her desire to do it again, to cause him more pain, saw his fear and his determination to please her.

‘Good boy.’ She said gently stroking his cock and feeling him flinch. ‘Let’s take that nasty gag out shall we?’

She pushed Dark Honey aside and tossed the Pain Stick on the bed, then leant in again, reaching round to undo his gag.

‘Thank you, Mistress.’

‘I haven’t finished yet.’

He didn’t look away and she felt a sudden urge to kiss him, to go down on him and suck his rigid cock. He was so handsome, exactly her type, dark and rangy and interesting.

‘Let me worship you, Mistress.’

She freed his wrists and pushed him down onto his knees.

‘Hands behind you.’

He obeyed instantly and she bound them again, slightly surprised by the ease with which she did it. Then she stood in front of him again.

‘These boots need cleaning, worm.’

He bent forward, the clamps on his nipples swinging and without hesitation applied his tongue to the shiny black leather. She struck him with the whip on the buttocks and then hit him a little harder when he didn’t respond.

‘My heels, worm,’ she snapped. ‘My heels need the attention of your tongue.’

He went forward onto his belly and grovelled between her legs to lick at her heels.

‘You are enjoying this way too much.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ He turned his attention to the other heel and she struck him again with the whip. ‘Roll over.’

He rolled onto his back, lying on his bound arms, his cock dancing, drooling. His head was still between her legs. She touched the whip to his balls and saw him flinch but he didn’t try to roll away.

She struck them not hard but enough to hurt and heard him gasp.

‘These are mine. Understand, worm?’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

‘This too.’ She tapped his cock. ‘Perhaps I’ll get it pierced and lead you around by it.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ He sounded distracted and she looked down.

‘Are you looking at my pussy, worm?’

‘Yes, Mistress.’ There was humour in his voice despite the pain she had just inflicted on him. Humour and intense arousal. ‘You said I was to keep looking at you.’

‘Do you want to put your tongue in it, worm? Do you want to lick your mistress out again like the whore you are?’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

She squatted down and felt his tongue lap over her labia shuddering with delight the mix of Experience and sexual pleasure. She tapped his cock gently with the whip, knocking it from one side to the other as he licked at her. Then she brought the whip down hard on this thigh.

‘Enough.’ She stood and strode to the bed. ‘Here.’ She sat spreading her booted legs as he crawled towards her.

‘Better do a good job, worm or the pain stick will come out again.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

He was good. Just as he’d been before and she lay back on the bed allowing him to tease her enjoying the way he raked his tongue over her labia and then kissed her clit, nibbling at it with his lips. Her orgasm came quickly and she enjoyed three more before lying back in a post-coital bliss, her eyes closed.

When she sat up he was kneeling there on the floor between her legs, his head bowed, his wrists still bound, the clamps still on his nipples.

‘I suppose you want a turn now.’ She reached down and tousled his hair, some of it wet with her juices and sticking to his face.

‘As Mistress wishes.’ He looked up at her. She read his lust, felt it. His need but also, more; adoration, desire…love.

She smiled and stood, cupping her breasts with their new rings. Just handling them caused a surge of desire despite her recent climax.

‘Come on big boy, you know you want to.’

He didn’t seem to understand.

‘Stand up. I want to show you some real magic.’ The need for dominance was gone as if her submissive needs were returning or perhaps she had a desire to please him.

She slipped onto her knees, taking his cock in her mouth letting him slide deep into her throat.

‘You really don’t have to do that.’

She slipped his cock out of her mouth.

‘Perhaps I want to. Perhaps I want to drive you crazy and make you beg.’

She took him in her mouth again.

‘Oh, fuck.’

She squeezed his balls.

‘If you don’t shut up I’ll gag you again.’

‘Yes, Mistress.’

It took four minutes to make him beg and she made him suffer for another three.

‘Time to get what you deserve, big boy.’ She took him into her mouth once more then cupped his balls in one hand and held his shaft in the other, wanking him hard.

‘I want your cum all over my tits.’

He bucked forward and she felt him cum, his cock spurting wildly into her face and hair and over her breasts and then into her open mouth.

‘Well done.’ She licked her lips and swallowed still on her knees then began to lick his cock clean.

---

#### Chapter 96: The Collar

---

‘Which Honey do we have this morning?’ Ezio asked as they lay in bed together the following morning. They were both naked. Though she had woken with the quickening twice she had forced herself not to disturb Ezio. It was their last night together in Fantasia and she wanted to spend it beside him.

‘Definitely submissive Honey,’ she said, kissing him.

‘That’s a relief,’ he said with a grin. ‘Dominant Honey can be quite terrifying.’

‘Yes,’ she said. ‘I’m sorry about...' She slid a hand onto his thigh feeling the welts where she’d whipped him then she groped for his balls and squeezed them gently before grasping his cock which began to stiffen immediately.

She heard him swallow but he didn’t push her hand away. ’You do have a habit of targeting a certain part of me,’ he said.

‘I recall the first time was when you were taking me to be tortured by the Master of Assassins. Then there was the time one of your magical toys exploded. It was hardly my fault if one of your creations couldn’t deal with my allure.’

‘And this time?’ He rolled over and looked at her.

‘You asked me to do it.’ She turned to face him.

‘You know why I did it, don’t you?’ His gaze flicked away from her eyes as if embarrassed.

‘I told you to keep your eyes on me, Magic Boy,’ she said gently.

He looked back, gazing at her.

‘Yes, I do know why you did it. And thank you.’ She kissed him. ‘It’s quite unsettling at the moment. Goldie warned me it would happen. It’s like I’m being shown possible pathways and I need to experiment. It’s sort of a subclass thing.’

‘You get to choose between being dominant and submissive?’

She laughed. ‘I don’t think it's something I have complete control over.’

‘Submissive Honey and Dark Honey?’

‘Something like that.’ She kissed him again. ‘Of course, you could end up with bestiality Honey or necrophilia Honey.’

‘Not sure about that one.’ He laughed. ‘I do quite like Dark Honey.’ He blushed. 'Although it might be a bit less traumatic for me if you ended up as submissive Honey.’

‘Do you really want to know what she’s like?’ Ellie rolled over and went to her satchel. ‘Here.’ She pulled out the Collar of Submission and passed it to him. ‘What can you tell me about this, Magic Boy?’

‘Wow.’ Ezio almost dropped it, looking at her in surprise. ‘This is powerful.’ He held it up, inspecting it. ‘But I can’t tell you what it does. I’m only Level 2.’

‘It’s a Collar of Submission.’

His jaw dropped and he stared at it. ’A real one?’

‘Genuine. I took it from a Sublimed Sorceress myself.’ She paused. ‘Actually, my mum did.’

‘Your mum sounds quite a woman.’

Ellie felt a surge of pleasure inside her that had nothing to do with sex. ‘She is.’

‘What are you going to do with it?’ he asked, suspicion in his voice.

‘I want you to put it on me.’

‘On you? Are you sure?’ He looked even more surprised.

‘Yes, I want to feel what it’s like.’

‘Not feeling dominant anymore?’

‘Like I say, it comes and goes but if I wear this your balls will be safer.’ She laughed but after the thrill of dominating him, the thought of being completely helpless made her shudder with delight. She had spent a lot of time in bondage in Fantasia and it had excited her. ‘I’m more powerful than you remember. Even if you bind me I can still control you. You’d have to keep me gagged all the time and that wouldn’t be much fun. This evens things up.’

‘It does more than that.’ He swallowed. ‘I don’t want to hurt you.’

‘I was hoping for at least a good spanking.’ She grinned even though her mouth was dry with a mix of fear and anticipation. ‘So I expect to be hurt a little….a lot actually. It’s my last night here and I want to know…know what it’s like to experience total submission.’

‘Like your mum does?’

‘Actually, yes, like my mum does.’

‘If you’re sure.’

‘I’m sure.’ She lifted her chin and swept her hair back watching with excitement as he slid the collar round her neck, then feeling a flush of pleasure that was nothing to do with experience as he clicked it shut.

‘This is genuine?’ he asked.

‘Of course, Sir.’ she said disappointed that he had asked. ‘I am yours to command.

‘Kiss me.’

It was hardly a command that was difficult to refuse but she knew she couldn’t. It was like being the victim of a Persuasion but there was no evading it, the hook was lodged in her and she had to obey. She stepped forward, her hands behind her back, going up onto tiptoe and placed her lips against his.

‘That doesn’t prove anything.’ His eyes narrowed. ‘Is this another illusion?’

‘No, Sir.’

‘Go down on your knees.’

Honey obeyed.

‘Play with your breasts.’

Honey lifted her hands to her breasts, cupping them then squeezing the heavy firm flesh, hefting them as she looked up at Ezio before very deliberately running her thumbs down to nipples and teasing them. She found she couldn’t stop the pleasure this brought creeping into her expression and masked it by dropping her head again to kiss the warming flesh. ‘Perhaps Master would like to enjoy them too.’ She looked up then licked each of her breasts lasciviously before pinching her nipples.

‘Master wants you to play with yourself.’

‘Yes, Master.’ Ellie slid one hand between her legs rubbing her labia, slick and swollen with the need she had kept under control overnight, that familiar heat spread rapidly and deliciously. She couldn’t help wondering if this level of need, this barely containable lust she felt would continue back in the real. Would she find herself with her fingers up her skirt in the middle of a higher math lecture or with her hand in her bra, playing with her nipple every time she was distracted. Honey seemed to be who she was now, executive functions controlled still by Ellie’s mind but this body and its responses felt normal to her now and she wondered how she might ever fit herself back into Ellie’s body. Going back felt a little like those mornings she walked to college in her summer clothing, finding it almost impossible to think how in a few months she might have to do it in a coat and gloves and boots tramping through snow.

Part of her realised she liked being Honey and might want to stay that way.

‘Final test.’ He went to the dresser and opened a drawer, pulling out a case that looked familiar. ‘I take it you know what these are.’

‘Yes, Sir.’

‘Put them inside you.’

‘Yes, Sir.’ The thought of pushing the Wands of Desire into her body, of denying herself orgasm frightened her as she remembered the libido vampires and being used by Prospero. It was almost as bad as thinking what it would be like to be back in the real again without…without… But there was nothing she could do. If she resisted, the collar would make her do it. For a moment, she made herself pause but it seemed as if her limbs would not obey her, like she was in bondage but of a moving sort that compelled her to move just as being bound kept her still; like being leashed but more profound. She slid the vaginal dildo into herself enjoying the thrill it gave her, her pleasure and her need rising immediately. Would she feel the desire to push things inside her back in the real? Would she dare keep it there, perhaps go out with it inside her? She rubbed the rectal plug across her pussy lubricating it and then leant forward reaching round behind herself, looking up as she did so to meet Elio’s eyes, willing him to know she did if for him, pushing it into her, surprised how easily it entered her and how much pleasure it gave her. Then she knelt back and put her hands behind her head.

‘Sir?’ The collar did not prevent her from speaking to him, at least not unless he commanded it.

He looked at her.

‘Sir. Please command me not to try to use Seduction or Persuasion on you and not to use magic to influence you.’ Even saying it made her tremble.

Would she have such trust in the real?

He thought for a moment. This was, she thought, the real Ezio, considered in what he did, thinking things through. They were alike in some ways although being Honey was definitely making her more impulsive.

’You will obey me,’ he said after almost a minute, his voice level. ‘You will not try to subvert my will. You will submit to me and take any form of bondage, punishment or humiliation I care to bestow on you.’ A slight smile flickered across his face. ‘You are my slave and you will call me ‘Master’.’

She felt herself shudder even as she tried to think if there was any way around what he was saying. She found none and found she could not even try to think such thoughts. She was utterly helpless, utterly his. She felt herself blush at the completeness of the submission and possible humiliation she had brought upon herself and shivered again.

‘Yes, Master,’ she said and bowed her head to hide her smile.

---

‘Master?’ Ellie said, looking down at her breasts. ‘These rings. Will they work when you spank me? Will I be able to take more?’

‘You’ll suffer less superficial injury so, yes, I think so.’

‘Should we find out?’

‘We should go out and eat first.’ Ezio said.

‘Two days with me and you’d prefer food to sex?’

‘Are you arguing with Master?’

‘Yes, Sir.’

He looked surprised.

‘With the collar in place, Master, I cannot lie to you. I must not subvert your will.’

‘You have to tell me the truth all the time?’

‘Yes, Master.’

He smiled at first and then frowned. ‘Would you like me to take the collar off?’

‘No, Master.’ She was surprised at that. If the Dark Seductress had possessed her at that moment she would probably have said ‘yes’.

‘In that case, we go out to eat and then I’m going to bring you back here and give you the spanking you are clearly craving.’

‘Yes, Master.’ She smiled. ‘Thank you, Master.’

‘You can’t go out like that.’

‘If I may say so, Master, sounds like my mother.’

‘I mean you’re naked. Even in Thoth you have to wear something more than a collar unless you are a slave.’

‘I am a slave, Master. I am your slave.’

‘A registered slave, I don't want us arrested on your last day here.’

‘Yes, Master. May your slave rise to dress?’

‘She may.’

Ellie stood and took up some leather thongs which she tied to the ring in the collar before running them through her nipple rings then knotting them. She passed them around her back and then crossed them over and under her breasts. Then she took two more thongs and tied them to her nipple rings before running them across her body and down between her legs, pulling them up behind her.

Ezio watched her, his cock swelling in response.

‘We can always stay here, Master.’

‘We’re going out.’

‘Yes, Master.’ She lowered her eyes submissively in a gesture that was pure submissive Honey. ‘Would you mind tying these off?’

He stepped behind her and took the thongs pulling them up between her legs.

‘Is Master pleased with his slave’s dress?’

‘Not bad.’ He tugged on the thongs and she went up onto her toes as her nipples were jerked and the leather bit into her sex.

‘Carry on like that Master and I’m not sure I’ll be able to stop myself doing something a slave isn’t supposed to do without permission, even if you command me not to.’

‘May I make a change?’

‘Of course, Master. Your slave’s only wish is to please you.’

He undid the thongs between her legs and knotted them then replaced them pulling them tighter than before.

‘Ohhh!’ Ellie went up onto her toes again. ‘You realise there’s a distinct possibility of me making a scene in the street if I have to walk like this.’

‘That’s the general idea.’

‘Yes, Master.’ Ellie bent and reached for her boots, shocked by the effect of the knots between her legs. ‘Is Master going to restrain his slave?’

‘I’m not sure that’s necessary with you collared.’

‘Yes, Master,’ she said disappointed. ‘But your slave would enjoy a little light restraint and perhaps a leash.’

‘Not today. It’s Saturdalia.’

‘Saturdalia?’

‘It’s based on the Roman tradition of Saturnalia but it happens every first Saturday of every month here in Thoth. Slaves are given freedom within the city although some of the hard core ones stay in chains. There’s role reversal too. There will be partying in the streets all day, entertainers, pony races. You won’t need your illusion either, the palace guards won’t bother us today.’

---

#### Chapter 97: Saturdalia

---

‘Greetings, Adventuress. Happy Saturdalia.’

Amanda opened a swollen eye and looked up at the figure standing above her in a black hooded cloak. She was lying on her side in the gutter just off the square where the watch had dumped her after releasing her from the pillory. She was naked, bruised and beaten and leaking a mix of semen and other fluids from every orifice.

She was also intensely satisfied.

‘Am I dead?’ she asked, her tongue, raw and struggling to articulate.

‘No,’ the figure said, crouching beside her. ‘Although you have been well used.’

‘Yes.’ Amanda smiled wincing at the pain in her split lip. ‘I have, haven’t I.’

‘You have made quite a name for yourself.’ The woman pushed back her hood to reveal a pretty face, sharply made up with ruby lips and blue eyes; she had a bob of blonde hair. ‘The goddess has clearly bestowed blessings upon you.’

‘It has been quite an adventure,’ Amanda agreed, trying to sit up but realised her wrists were bound behind her and lay down again.

‘It looks to me, Adventuress, that the goddess has left you here in my path.’ She stroked Amanda’s matted hair. ‘So that I may find you and ensure your sins are expunged before you leave.’

‘Yes.’ Amanda grinned. ’I’m sure she did.’

‘Shall we go to the temple?’

‘Yes.’

The blonde priestess helped Amanda to her feet.

‘What about my gear?’

‘The goddess will provide.’ The priestess clasped Amanda’s amulet and the streets of Thoth vanished.

---

It was an odd sensation walking beside him with her hands free but when he took her hand she felt a thrill and the disappointment of not being bound soon faded. They made their way into the main square threading their way between Ambers walking hand in hand with Kristals and groups of other girls giggling as they passed bottles from hand to hand.

The edge of the main square had been cleared and they crossed it to enter the central part around which barricades had been erected. Beyond they could see the palace with the patch on the gate still obvious.

‘I can’t believe that was us,’ Ezio said with a proud grin. ‘I’d never have done anything like that without you.’

Ellie suppressed a slight shudder at the memory of the dark Seductress but felt her own surge of pleasure. ‘I couldn’t have done it without you, Master.’

‘You don’t have to call me ‘Master,’ he said. ‘By the way, where is your Ninja friend?’

He stopped to buy some sort of fried meat on a stick from a vendor.

‘She went to the Pleasure Dome,’ Ellie said.

‘Really?’ He turned to look at her in surprise. ‘She didn’t look the type.’

‘You of all people should know not to judge by appearances.’

‘I suppose so, but...' He patted her belly. ‘Wasn’t she wearing a chastity belt?’

‘You’re forgetting Seductresses have thief skills,’ she said, guiding his hand between her legs.

‘So she’s enjoying a little freedom.’ He grinned.

‘I doubt it,’ Ellie said. ‘I rented her to the innkeeper, she’s probably in strict bondage being fucked senseless by all and sundry.’

Ezio stared at her. ‘And she’s ok with that?’

‘More than ok.’ Ellie took a step towards him and kissed him. ‘She’s been spending too much time with a certain Seductress and you know what happens if you do that.’

‘Yes.’ He kissed her back then disentangled himself from her and passed her some meat. It was hot and spicy and dripping with sauce.

‘You’re just hoping this drips on my tits so you can lick it off.’

‘Maybe.’ He shrugged but then as a drop of hot sauce dripped on her right breast he leant forward and licked it off.

---

The pony races started some thirty minutes later. It seemed ponies did not get to enjoy freedom on Saturdalia but most of them didn’t seem that bothered as they were whipped around the circuit of Thoth’s main square, starting and finishing at the palace gate. Most were transformed as Val had been, ponyboys and ponygirls, their bodies oiled and their manes plaited or decked with ribbons; polished harnesses glinted on toned bodies and hooves thundered on the cobbles. Enterprising Merchants had set up stalls allowing citizens and visitors to bet on their favourite stable and Ezio won ten crowns on the Greens.

Ellie watched the races with increasing fascination and, when she found herself next to the paddock, she couldn’t help reaching out to caress the flank of a lithe dark-skinned pony with a Mohican style mane of black hair. The girl turned to look at her, chains from her bridle tugging on her pierced nipples as she was forced to turn her head to look past her blinkers. She had a thin face and a ring dangled from her nose. She smiled at Ellie around her bit, her blue eyes roving over Honey’s body and clearly enjoying what she saw. Ellie began to play with her nipple bells as her other hand cupped the girl’s firm buttocks. Like Val, the girl’s transformation had left her with only stumps for arms which were restrained behind her and she saw the girl’s shoulder spasm as she caressed her wondering what it might be like to have such a girl in her bed, helpless already even if not bound.

Without thinking, she leant forward and kissed the pony’s shoulder, her left hand leaving the little breasts and going up the girl’s face, tracing her lips and then sliding her fingers into the girl's mouth under the bit. The girl licked them with her tongue and Ellie’s other hand began to play with the girl’s tail. Before she knew it, she had her hand between the girl’s legs, her fingers pushing under the crotch strap of her harness. She was disappointed to find a large plug there filling the girl’s sex but contented herself by playing the ring piercing the girl’s clit, hearing the girl nicker contentedly.

‘Hey!’ A shout broke the spell and Ellie looked up to see a woman in a leather vest bearing a yellow team sign coming towards her brandishing a whip. ‘Leave that pony alone.’

Ellie backed away, to the obvious disappointment of the pony.

---

Pushing her way though the crowd she tried to locate Ezio and found herself at the centre of the square. The HuCows had clearly just arrived and the stall-holder was still setting up his pitch. One of the girls was already in her frame, bent over at the waist, legs spread, arms hooked behind a bar over her arched back so that her huge breasts thrust out and dangled enticingly in equal measures, the other stood tethered by her steel collar to a post, wrists cuffed behind her. Ellie could see milk dripping from her nipples.

‘I want to suckle her.’ Ellie had five illusory krowns in her hand before she’d even realised and was down on her knees in front of the cow in the frame an instant after she’d dropped the coins into the startled Merchant’s hand.

The girl’s nipple was huge and barely fitted into Honey’s mouth but she stuffed the dripping flesh in urgently, running her tongue over it and feeling the sweet warm liquid ooze into her mouth. She couldn’t believe how delicious it tasted and grasped the giant breast between her hands, milking it for all she was worth. The cow squirmed and moaned, the chains of her shackles clicking against the metal frame holding her. Ellie slid her knees further under the cow and reached out with her right hand to play with the girl’s sex, which was already wet. As the cow squirmed, the huge nipple popped out of Ellie’s mouth and milk dripped onto her face. She slid her other hand into her own sex and nuzzled her face between the huge orbs of flesh feeling milk smear across her cheek and drip down her neck.

The blonde HuCow came just before she did, bellowing her lust as Elle dropped onto her back beneath her, fingers working her pussy hard around the knotted crotch rope, to reach her own climax.

‘Fuck.’ She looked up at the smiling HuCow, milk dripping onto her body then looked around at the cheering crowd that had gathered to watch the spectacle.

Slightly sheepishly she slid out from under the cow and climbed to her feet.

Something nudged her back; two somethings in fact and she turned to find the second cow standing behind her. What the girl wanted was obvious and Ellie simply dropped to her knees, clutching the girl’s heavy buttocks and pushed her tongue into the girl’s drooling sex.

---

‘I think that ticks the bestiality box.’ Ezio said, appearing from the crowd as Honey left the satisfied HuCows behind.

‘Yeah.’ Ellie said, finding herself blushing. ‘Not quite sure what came over me.’

Ezio grinned. ‘The AI showing you possible futures?’

‘Maybe.’

‘Come on, let’s go and eat.’

Ellie was feeling a little bloated from the milk and part of her wanted to see more of the ponies but she still wore the collar.

‘Yes, Master.’

They crossed the track and Ezio led her into a side street. It was late afternoon and the Saturdalia party was in full swing although it had proved too much for some and they passed a number of slaves lying in the gutter with empty bottles of wine or skins of ale beside them.

‘I like this place,’ Ezio said, leading her through a doorway half way down an alley.

The room was set with wooden tables and benches and a fug of cooking steam hung in the air.

The owner, a fat, oriental looking woman in a stained apron seemed to know him well and greeted him with a warm hug.

‘Ezio,’ she said. ‘We not see you in ages.’ Then she looked at Honey. ‘Though I think I know now why.’ She winked. ‘The usual.’

‘Sim, Xiang.’

‘Sit.’ The woman said. ‘Both of you.’

They sat on benches and Xiang brought them each a bowl of noodles and two bottles of beer. The broth of the noodles was steaming and an aroma of oriental spices rose off the bowls and the beer was cold with condensation dripping from the sides. The detail of the rendering suddenly brought home to Ellie the realisation that she would have to leave Fantasia in the morning. She looked at Ezio and saw he was smiling, stirring the broth with his chopsticks.

‘I come here a lot.’ Ezio said, lifting the contents of the bowl easily to his mouth.

Ellie followed suit.

‘You can use chopsticks?’

‘Of course.’

‘But you’re American aren't you?’

‘Yes.’ Ellie was puzzled by the comment. ‘We do have oriental take outs and restaurants.’ She paused. ‘And my mum did a lot of travelling when she was young. She often cooks this sort of stuff.’

‘You’re mum sounds interesting. Do I get to meet her?’

‘She’s somewhere here in Thoth,’ Ellie said. ‘At least, I think she is. She’s...' Ellie looked round as if someone might be eaves-dropping on the secret she was about to divulge. ‘She’s meeting a friend.’ She added an undertone to the word ‘friend’ then leaned in even closer. ‘I think it’s my dad. Though, I’m a bit worried he didn’t turn up.’

‘Your dad?’

‘Yeah. They separated a long time ago and dad is desperate to come back. I think mum wants it too but just wouldn’t admit it.’ She paused. ‘I told dad we were coming here and changed the booking to Fantasia X so there was more chance they could…well, you know…’

‘Wow.’ He paused. ‘Wait, didn’t you say your mum had a girlfriend?’

‘Yeah. That was the other thing I needed to happen.’

‘You broke them up?’

‘Not really,’ Ellie said. ‘Though I don’t think I helped things. Val has a roving eye and it kept looking at Honey.’ She felt a rush of guilt. ‘I didn’t exactly discourage her.’

‘So your mum and dad are going to get back together?’

‘Maybe.’ Ellie smiled at the thought. ‘Maybe you could visit us in the States.’

‘I’d like that, though you could always visit me in Malaysia.’ He grinned. ‘We have palm trees and warm seas and long sandy beaches.’

‘Sounds tempting,’ Ellie said. ‘I think my mum went there once with my dad.’

‘I hope it works out for them.’

---

#### Chapter 98: Darkness

---

When they emerged from the noodle bar it was dark. The sounds of music and singing drifted from the main square. The alley was relatively quiet.

‘Wait,’ Ezio said ‘I just need to go back and tell Xiang something.’ He disappeared back inside and Ellie took the moment to look around examining the detail of Thoth.

‘Hello.’

A voice made Ellie turn.

The girl was beautiful; pale skin, black hair, bright red lips the focus of a thin face. She reminded Ellie a little of Cordelia although her eyes were dark.

‘Are you alone?’ the girl asked. She was dressed in black leather, a halter top and what looked like hot pants, thigh boots; there was a choker around her neck, fingerless gloves and a cape.

‘I’m, er...' Ellie glanced over her shoulder at the doorway to the noodle bar. ‘Waiting for someone.’

‘And he’s left you all alone,’ the girl said. ‘Shame on him.’ She took a step closer. ‘Never mind, we girls can have some fun while you wait.’

Ellie looked at her. The girl really was quite beautiful; hauntingly beautiful was the way Ellie would put it when she described her to Ezio later.

‘Let’s go somewhere a little more private,’ the girl said.

Ellie glanced around again then back at the pale face with those red lips and that slim tight body in its leather packaging. Master had told her to wait but it wouldn’t matter if she slipped away with this girl for a few minutes. Part of her thought this was odd. She sensed magic but then there were all kinds of magical things going on in Thoth.

‘Of course.’ She took the girl’s hand, it was cold. ‘You’re cold.’

‘Yes.’

‘But it’s such a warm night.’

‘Maybe you can warm me up.’ A blood red tongue flicked across white teeth and Ellie thought she saw a flash of teeth that were a little like a dog or perhaps a wolf.

‘What are you?’ Ellie asked.

‘I’m just what you’re looking for,’ the girl said, squeezing Ellie’s hand. ‘Come along.’

She led Ellie into a dark side alley then gently pushed her against the wall, her lips going to the side of Ellie’s neck. Those lips, like her hands, were cold, her body was too.

‘You’re so cold.’ Ellie wrapped her arms around the girl.

‘But I’ll be warm soon.’ The girl pressed her cool body against Ellie’s. The chill touch was not unpleasant after the heat of the noodle bar and in the warmth of the night. Ellie felt a warmth inside herself too.

She felt a light touch on her neck and recalled Cordelia again, biting her.

‘Now I know why you’re not frightened by being here all alone,’ the girl said. ‘You have Protection.’ The girl’s fingers caressed her neck, touched the collar then lifted Ellie’s hands. ‘Where is it?’

Ellie giggled. She liked this girl. Liked her a lot. She wanted this girl in her bed. ‘They’re...' She giggled again. ‘… in my nipples,’ she said teasingly.

The girl’s hands went to Ellie’s nipples touching the rings and examining the leather thongs that were tied to them. Ezio’s disc still hung there too.

‘You’re a little overdressed.’ The girl reached down and pulled a knife from her boot. ‘Let’s rectify that.’ She cut away the thongs. ‘And let’s take these out...' She began to remove the rings from Ellie’s nipples.

Ellie couldn’t believe how much she wanted this. How much she wanted those cool fingers playing with her swollen, hot nipples. She wanted that slim firm body pressed against hers, the lips back on the skin of her neck. The pale girl removed the ring from her right nipple and her blood red tongue caressed wound the piercing had left, now oozing gently after being disturbed.

‘Yes.’ Ellie gasped, pushing her breasts forward, hoping the girl would take the nipple into her mouth, suckle her like she had suckled the HuCows. Her sex was hot, drooling and she reached down to try to pull the knotted leather thong away from it so the girl’s fingers could have full access.

The girl looked into her eyes again and Ellie wanted her even more.

‘Fuck me,’ Ellie pleaded. ‘Take me.’

---

‘Honey.’ Ezio’s voice seemed distant and she wanted to ignore it but the collar made her turn.

Why did he have to come now when things were getting really interesting?

‘Please, Master,’ she wheedled. ‘We won’t be long.’ Though she thought she and the girl might be able to slip away.

‘Get away from her.’ Ezio shouted.

The collar made her step back and she collided with the wall.

‘It’s alright, Master,’ Ellie said, watching the girl turn towards him and dropping into a crouch, like an animal ready to spring.

Ezio was fumbling in the pocket of his long coat and then she saw his hand emerge holding something.

‘Get away from her,’ He repeated, clearly directed at the girl this time. He lifted his hand and she saw he held a small crucifix.

The girl hissed, circling a little to the left, away from Ellie.

‘Begone!’ Ezio turned, holding the cross between him and the girl.

‘Master, please...' Ellie wasn’t quite sure now what she was asking for.

The girl was attractive and her leather clothing was sexy, although a little thin and now she looked, those teeth, now bared, were pointed. She wasn’t quite sure why she’d gone off and left Ezio particularly as he’d commanded her to wait.

‘Don’t make me use this!’ Ezio stepped forward, sounding angry. ‘I will burn you.’

The pale girl hissed then, she was gone.

Ellie blinked. One minute the girl had been there and the next…. She saw a fluttering of tiny black wings, just briefly and thought she saw bats.

She blinked again.

‘Honey. Are you ok?’ Ezio was standing in front of her.

‘Yes, I’m fine,’ she said, though she felt confused.

‘She was a vampire,’ he said, bending to retrieve Ellie’s nipple ring which now lay in the dirt at her feet. ‘If she’d have got the other ring out, she’d have fed from you, possibly even turned you.’

Ellie swallowed.

‘Sorry,’ he said. ‘That’s partly why I made these.’ He reached for her nipple. ‘Hold still.’ He began to replace the ring. ‘I looked up Seductresses and found they were a favourite prey of vampires.’

Ellie stood, unmoving, as he’d commanded.

‘Something to do with pretty young maidens in floaty white dresses.’ He grinned. ‘Well, looks like you’ve dabbled in necrophilia too now.’

Ellie swallowed.

‘Thank you, Master.’

‘Let’s keep you safe.’ He pulled a leather cord from his pocket and tied it to her collar.

‘Yes, Master.’

He turned to lead her away and, without thinking, she dropped to all fours and padded along at his heel.

---

They reached Prospero’s shop without incident save a close encounter with a cat girl which involved a degree of mutual sniffing and then a little body rubbing, Ellie enjoying the soft fur brushing against her skin. Kissing a girl with whiskers had felt a little strange but then when the cat-girl had flipped her over and pounced she’d discovered exactly what that felt like between her thighs. The rough tongue had been a pleasure too as had the girl’s tail which had seemed unerringly to find her breasts, teasing them and playing with her nipples.

Honey had done her best to respond, but even her formidable skills had been somewhat put into the shade.

‘Well,’ Ezio said, shedding his coat as Ellie, still down on all fours, rubbed herself against his legs. ‘Someone has been a naughty girl today.’

‘I have, haven’t I, Master.’ Ellie purred, kneeling up and putting her hands behind her head. ‘I hope I’m going to be suitably punished.’

He sat on the bed. ‘Come on then.’

Ellie draped herself over his knees.

The first blow stung and so did the second but then a heat began to fill Ellie’s belly and the smacks seemed less of a burden. She was disappointed when he stopped.

‘Fetch the tawse from the chest,’ he commanded.

‘Yes, Master.’ Ellie slid off his lap and crawled to the ottoman then opened the liid, looking inside for the heavy leather strap. The thought of feeling it on her body excited her. ‘How much can I take?’ she wondered, reminded of the rings in her nipples. How submissive could she be, knowing that while it would hurt it would do her little actual harm? The thought intensified her arousal. She picked up the tawse and put it between her teeth before crawling back to Ezio.

‘Does Master wish to bind his slave?’ She asked as he took the leather strap from her mouth. Then she bowed her head, smiling as she noticed how red his palm was.

He stood and picked up some Assassin’s cord then stepped behind her to bind her wrists pulling them up between her shoulder blades in a reverse prayer position. Then he wrapped cord tightly around her breasts before pulling it over her shoulders and tying it off at her wrists.

‘That should give me full access to all areas,’ he said.

Ellie struggled, shamelessly excited by the bondage. ‘Yes, Master.’

‘Stand up and bend over.’

She obeyed him.

THWACK!

The ferocity of the blow stunned her and she staggered, the pain making her gasp.

‘Count.’

‘Yes, Master.’ She managed. ‘One.’

THWACK.

‘Two.’ The pain was intense and she fought to hold her position unsure how much she could take.

‘Three…four…five…’

The blows were just as hard, just as painful but somehow she found herself able to endure them. She recalled her torture at the hands of the Master of Assassins and the abuse she’d suffered in the pillory realising that her ability to endure this sort of punishment was part of the submissive nature of the Seductress. The fact that it excited Ezio added to her enjoyment in a way that was not just the accrual of XPs, she was actually becoming aroused by being hurt like this.

THWACK.

‘Twenty.’ With this sort of abuse her bottom should by rights be red, blistered probably and bleeding. She should have taken Damage. There were tears in her eyes and her flesh seemed to burn yet, when he caressed her bottom, his touch felt gentle, the skin smooth.

She whimpered, not from the pain but from her need.

‘Shall we do your breasts?’

‘Master…,’ she said, not moving. ‘Please take me first.’

‘Take you?’

‘Please, Master. Have pity on your poor slave’s needs.’

His hand slipped between her legs feeling the wetness there.

She nearly came at his touch.

‘A few more strokes, I think.’

‘No, Master, please.’ It wasn’t pain she feared it was the fact that she knew it was going to make her cum.

It took only three, the climax making her howl with lust.

‘My turn.’ He snatched her hair in his fist and pulled her to her knees, his cock pressing against her…

‘Oh, yes, Master.’

He pushed his cock into her anus and she climaxed again, overwhelmed by his apparent total control over her, his power to hurt her, use her indiscriminately, abuse her. She thrust back against him and hear him gasp.

‘Use your slave, Master.’ She cried. ‘Use her like the slut she is.’

She began to ride his cock, the pain in her bottom forgotten and he rammed into her creating a new pain, another pain to give her submissive body the pleasure it craved. She felt his hands cup her breasts, caress them but she didn’t need that and when his fingers began to play with her nipples she prayed that he would pinch and twist them.

It didn’t take him long to cum. She felt heard him cry out as he shot his load inside her, his cock spasming against her sphincter.

‘Yes…yess…yesss,’ she screamed her own need, climaxing again.

---

‘You really are a bad girl,’ he said as he sat on the bed recovering his breath.

‘Yes, Master.’ She was on her knees bending to nuzzle against his once again erect cock. He had washed it since using her and she knew, if he had commanded, she would have had to lick him clean.

He stroked her hair then reached down to play with her bound breasts, throbbing now from their tight bondage.

‘So, shall we see what happens when I whip these?’

‘If Master wishes.’

‘You don’t want me to?’ he asked, seeming slightly unsure.

‘I am Master’s slave,’ she said. ‘I wear his collar.’

He took up the tawse and brought it down on her right breast making it bounce and Ellie gave a sharp cry of pain that, like the whipping before, instantly excited her.

‘One…’ she said looking up at him.

‘You’re not allowed to cum,’ he said.

‘Yes, Master.’ She had to force the word out, the implications of his command suddenly impacting on her with a force greater than the blow of the tawse.

He struck her right breast even harder.

‘Fuck...' She gasped. ‘Two.’

‘You want me to stop?’

‘No, Master.’ The collar would not let her lie. She knew she wanted this, knew how much the pain would excite her. Guessed that this was submissive Honey showing what it could be like.

He didn’t just whip her breasts, he played with them too, teasing her nipples before dropping to his knees in front of her and kissing her, pressing his body against her throbbing aching but somehow magically undamaged breasts. Then his hand went between her legs and she squirmed on his fingers.

‘Please, Master.’ She was flushed and panting, her nipples rock hard and throbbing and her sex burning with need dripping, literally, in the floor.

‘No.’

‘Fuck...' She had to obey his command not to cum but wasn’t sure she could take much more. It was wonderful. She only feared that her need might overload the collar like his had the orgasm inhibitor. Or, maybe if she lost control, it would happen anyway. Might the collar have a way to punish her?

He went behind her and pushed her forwards, entering her sex this time.

‘No, Master, please, no. I can’t…’

He began to fuck her and her lust rose with every thrust. She couldn't hold on, she was going to cum. He had commanded her not to and she was desperately trying to stop herself but it wasn’t possible. The heat inside her was building and she thought she might explode or burst into flames. She couldn’t stop, her climax was inevitable, like a tidal wave breaking over her and she screamed before passing out.

---

#### Chapter 99: Back in HomeTown

---

‘Are you ok?’ Ezio asked.

Ellie opened her eyes. He’d untied her while she’d been unconscious.

‘I think so.’ Her hand went to her neck. The collar was still there. She sat up. ‘What time is it?’

‘Eight bells has just sounded.’

‘I should go,’ she said. ‘I have to collect Maiko.’

‘You could stay,’ Ezio said. ‘Go back to Hometown in the morning.’

‘There are a couple of things I have to do.’

‘I could make you stay.’

‘You wouldn’t though, would you, Master?’

‘Of course not.’

‘And...' She paused. ‘Could you lend me a couple of things?’

‘Of course.’

‘And could you remove the collar?’

‘No.’

‘Please, Master.’ The collar made her say it that way. She had wanted to be forceful.

‘I mean, I can’t, not that I don’t want to.’ He looked a little sheepish. ‘It needs a key or a Thief.’

---

It was late evening when Ellie collected Maiko from the Pleasure Dome. Despite her wish to leave she had also wanted a little more time with Ezio. She found the Japanese girl in one of the private rooms, her arms bound behind her with hemp rope. She was lying on her back on a raised platform that was about waist height, her legs spread, ankles tied to rings in a beam on the ceiling. She had a number of bruises on her body clustering around her small breasts, her bottom and her sex. There was a Wand of Desire in her pussy and a set of anal beads dangling from her.

‘She was very popular,’ the innkeeper told Ellie. ‘And very enthusiastic. I don’t know where you get your slaves from but I’d be keen to have a regular order.’

‘I only have the two,’ Ellie said, reaching up to touch her own collar. ‘By the way. Did the person she was meant to meet ever turn up?’

‘No. It takes a brave man to stand up a woman like that.’

Ellie frowned. ‘Do you know where she went?’

‘Went off on a bit of a bender by all accounts; broke the Master of Assassin’s nose and wound up in the pillory for two days. They let her out this morning.’

Ellie swallowed. ‘Do you know where she is now?’ She asked cautiously.

‘I think one of the priestesses took her in.’

Beside them Maiko moaned.

‘Looks like she’s about ready to go again,’ the innkeeper said. ‘She certainly had some stamina but I’ve had to give her a couple of hours with the wands today to keep her hot.’

‘Wait,’ Ellie said. ‘What priestesses?’

‘The ones from the Temple of Artemis.’

Ellie looked surprised but Maiko moaned more loudly, squirming in her bondage and Ellie saw her skin begin to flush.

‘Definitely ready.’ The innkeeper said.

‘I really have to go,’ Ellie said. ‘Would you mind helping me untie her.’

---

They reappeared in HomeTown, the ‘return tickets’ Battle Babe had given them taking them magically to the square. Maiko was barely conscious and despite her small size Ellie struggled to support her and the girl’s katana and equipment as well as her own. The girl was still naked and in quite a state, her hair flattened and still damp from wearing the hood, her make up was smeared over her face. Someone had clearly tried to pierce one of her nipples at some point.

‘Come on.’ Ellie started to part guide and part drag her towards Goldie’s.

‘Where you take me, Honey,’ Maiko slurred, alcohol on her breath, head lolling. ‘We go somewhere for sex?’

‘Maybe, Maiko.’

‘I Katana Girl, not Maiko,’ she said, staggering and hanging on to Honey. ‘Katana Girl like sex. Sex with boys, sex with girls, Katana Girl have sex with elf too and orc. Orc very ugly but he have lovely big cock…’

‘Come on, Maiko.’

‘Maybe Maiko and Honey have sex.’ Maiko said with a giggle. ‘Maiko love Honey’s body.’ She reached out and almost managed to stroke one of Ellie’s breasts but missed. ‘No, that too weird.’

‘It would be a little weird, KG.’

‘Yes, KG. Maiko like it when Honey call her KG.’ She frowned. ‘Did Honey have sex too?’

Ellie couldn’t conceal her smile. Dominant sex, submissive sex, bestiality, almost necrophilia…

As well as offering her pathways, she guessed it was the AI ensuring came back to Fantasia soon.

‘Honey did have sex,’ Maiko said. ‘And she wear collar. Honey have submissive sex. Maiko submissive too; she tied up for two days, use by men and woman and orcs with big cocks…’

Ellie shouldered her way past a Warrior and a Mage into the alley where ‘Goldie’s’ was located and smiled at the bouncer on the door.

‘Is Goldie in?’

‘Who wants to know?’

‘Honey,’ Ellie said. ‘Tell her Honey’s here for her money.’

---

Goldie appeared a few moments later with her Amber on a leash. The girl had clearly been naughty or had been subbing as her breasts were covered in whip marks and there were bruises on her nipples where they had been clamped.

‘Honey.’ Goldie smiled then looked at Maiko. ‘Oh.’ Her gaze drifted down the girl’s naked body and her smile broadened. ‘That must have taken some doing.’

‘I used a Locket of Luck,’ Ellie said. ‘And picked the lock of her chastity belt.’

‘How resourceful of you.’ Goldie beckoned them inside. ‘Though I suspect you’ll have broken a few hearts here. Half of HomeTown wanted to be the first to take the ‘Little Japanese Virgin’.’

‘I got a good price for her,’ Ellie said, allowing Maiko to slump into one of the alcoves and following Goldie into her office.

‘Well, aren’t you the entrepreneur?’ Goldie said. ‘Does this mean you’ve chosen Commerce?’

‘No, I’m toying with the Way of Illusion.’

Goldie regarded her. ‘And the Assassin, I assume from what you’re wearing.’ Then she frowned. ‘Though the collar gives mixed messages.’

‘It’s only temporary.’

‘And has Darkness come calling?’ Goldie opened her strongbox and took out a bag of coins.

Ellie looked back at her as something flared inside her.

‘Oh!’ Goldie said. ‘I’m going to have to watch my back. She held out the coins.

‘No,’ Ellie said. ‘Keep them but please can you sort Maiko out. I have to get her back to her grandmother in the morning.’

‘I take it you have plans.’

‘I have a couple of errands to run.’

‘How mysterious.’ Goldie raised an eyebrow as she replaced the money in her chest. ‘There’s a package arrived for you.’ She smiled as she freed the Amber’s hands. ‘Go and sort out the Japanese girl. Give her a bath and sort her hair.’

---

The package was in one of the booths. It bore the logo of a rose with exaggerated thorns and a drop of blood turning to a heart shape. Inside was the dark seductress outfit she’d bought on her last visit to Frills and Thrills. She shed her black leather outfit and dressed, pulling on the boots and tightening the bodice, enjoying its pressure on her body, slightly restrictive but also supportive.

Then she slipped out into the night.

Ten minutes later, Ellie dropped silently from the wall into the dark shadows of the garden and Moved Silently past the fountain to the door of the Merchant, Tabatha’s house. She was once again the dark Seductress/Assassin that had robbed the Gordian Palace.

The elf Gygax lay asleep across the doorway and Ellie dropped Blanket of Somnolence over her, stilling for a moment as she waited to ensure it had taken effect before bending and cutting the thong around the elf’s neck to take the key that hung there. Then she stepped over the sleeping figure, picked the lock and stepped into the darkness of the house. She remembered the layout from before when Gygax had caught her and taken her inside at sword point. Creeping as quietly as she could, Ellie climbed the stairs to the orangery. Standing in the doorway, she could make out the furniture, the chaise-long, the table, the Cabinet of Delights. She cast around Searching for Traps but found none and then moved stealthily to the Cabinet, uncovered now, the figure inside kneeling probably asleep, completely helpless in the web of chains that confined her.

Sliding the key into the lock, she turned it holding her breath at the click it made, loud in the darkness.

The girl’s dark eyes flicked open registering surprise and Ellie heard the click of chains as she moved. She hoped the key to the Box also fitted the chains; if it didn’t she wasn’t confident that she could pick all those magical locks. Uttering a silent prayer to Aphrodite, she pushed it into the lock on the front of the girl’s chastity belt and turned it. The pop of locks as the cuffs all burst open at once was almost terrifying and Ellie looked around, her heart racing, expecting to see Tabatha appear at any moment.

No-one came and, after a moment, she took hold of the kneeling girl's hand and helped her out of the Cabinet. The brunette moved stiffly after her long confinement and clung tightly to Ellie as she tried to stand on shaky legs.

‘Thang oo.’ She whispered moving her mouth and lips with obvious difficulty. Then she smiled. ‘Nice tits by the way.’

The girl was, Ellie thought, quite pretty or perhaps more handsome in the way Goldie was, a slim athletic body, strong legs.

‘I’m Persephone by the way.’ The girl said in what was quite clearly an upper class British accent..

‘Honey.’

‘Mmm. I bet you are.’ Persephone appraised her with her dark eyes.

‘We should go,’ Ellie whispered.

‘Just give me a moment.’ Persephone clung to Ellie’s shoulder. ‘It’s been a while.’ She rolled her neck and then her arms. ‘Fuck my tits are sore.’ She cupped them in her hands. ‘It feels like they’ve got the worst case of PMT you could imagine.’

Ellie held a finger to her lips.

‘Oh, yes.’ Persephone looked around. ‘But before we go...' She reached between her legs.

‘We should go.’ Ellie whispered more urgently.

‘Not until I’ve got rid of these.’ Persephone pulled the wand out of her pussy. ‘I’ve grown to hate these fucking things.’ She hissed rather more loudly than Ellie would have liked before reaching round and pulling the second wand out of her bottom. ‘Fuck that feels good. Can you imagine what it’s like being in there and completely unable to cum?’

‘We need to go.’ Ellie took hold of her arm. ‘Or we could both end up in one of those things.’

‘I haven’t had an orgasm for nearly two years,’ Persephone said, apparently oblivious of the danger they might be in if Gygax or her mistress woke up. ‘And I really need one now.’

‘When we’re outside this place,’ Ellie hissed, beginning to understand how Persephone might have ended up captured and in the Cabinet in the first place.

‘Couldn’t I have one now?’ Persephone said. ‘You know you really do it for me. It wouldn’t take long.’

‘No,’ Ellie said. ‘We’re going.’ She reached out and took the wands. ‘And I need these.’

‘You want to though, don’t you?’ the girl said.

Ellie felt the Persuasion pierce her, it’s hook catching. Persephone was hot and fit and Ellie realised she’d quite like those strong muscular thighs wrapped around her head.

‘I’m Level 6,’ she said, shaking the hook free. ‘You’ll have to do better than that. Now COME ON.’

---
