---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Taste, Touch, Smell
authors:
- Master Sinnah
tags:
- M-f
- blindfold
- food
- messy
- cons
- X
date: 2025-05-11 00:00:00
---

“This feels strange,” she thought as he gently led her through her own house, his hands resting gently on her shoulders as they navigated their way through the living room.

At least, she assumed it was their living room, but she wasn’t completely sure with her eyes covered with a soft blindfold.

“Hold on for a moment,” he said, taking his hands off her shoulders.

She heard chairs moving and then he led her to one of the chairs.

“Sit,” he said, and she did. Nervously, excitedly anticipating what was to come.

“Are you alright?” he asked gently. “You can always take off the mask whenever you want.”

“I know,” she replied.

And to herself, she thought, “I can’t believe I’m doing this. Maybe I should just take off the mask and end this right now.”

But she didn’t as she shivered with anticipation, her nipples hardening under the thin dress she was wearing, nothing underneath.

That’s what he had told her to wear, something thin, something easy to remove, nothing underneath, but even though she was ostensibly fully clothed, she felt more naked than she felt when she was actually not wearing anything.

She could feel his eyes taking her in, ready to eat her up, ready to…

“Are you ready?” he asked, interrupting her thoughts.

“Yes,” she barely breathed.

“Open your mouth,” he said, and as she did, she heard the clank and whoosh of compressed air being released as her mouth was filled with whipped cream.

And before she could think, his mouth was on hers, fighting her tongue, licking up the cream, and she didn’t want to give up her place as she fought back, increasingly insistent as the cream melted into her mouth.

“Mmm. That tasted wonderful,” she said.

“You tasted wonderful, the cream only highlighted it,” he corrected her. “Ready for more?”

With her affirmation, she felt something small and roundish entering her mouth and as she bit down, a burst of flavor.

“A grape!” she realized, but then her thoughts lost focus as he lightly bit on her earlobe while the juice of the grape ran down her throat.

“Mmm, better than any grape,” he whispered and she shivered as his tongue licked her suddenly sensitive ears.

The taste of the sweet grape in her mouth and his mouth at her ear, breathing gently, aroused her even more as she was finding it difficult to process the contradictory sensations.

“Open now,” and there was another grape at her lips, and as she bit down, more gentle nibbling of her earlobe.

As she was almost overwhelmed by the sensation, she suddenly got a whiff of something. Something almost rotten.

“You promised it wouldn’t be bad,” she said, as her mood fell.

“Hush,” he replied, putting something in her mouth. “Taste it first.”

She bit down on a mildly sweet fruit, nothing like the smell she encountered first.

“Durian,” she realized and then gasped as his tongue followed the fruit into her mouth.

“Not too bad, right?” he spoke into her mouth, making her whole body go soft as if she had no strength left.

“Mhm,” she moaned as suddenly he grasped her breast. The soft cloth did nothing to take away the sensation and she almost bit his tongue as he caressed her.

And then his tongue was gone, replaced by something harder. She bit down.

An apple.

“How do you like them apples,” he smirked. “I personally prefer these.”

He lowered the dress, letting her breasts free and then, gently, but firmly nibbling around her nipples, but not touching them.

The sound of a can being shaken, and her already erected nipples hardened as whipped cream was sprayed onto them.

She couldn’t speak until she finished eating the piece of apple in her mouth, so she chewed distractedly as she felt his tongue on her breasts, lapping up the cream.

She moaned, and as she nearly had an orgasm, he stopped.

“No.” She cried out.

“We’re not yet there,” he replied and then somehow he managed to lift her off the chair, pull off her dress and sit her back down, now naked and dripping.

And then he went back to licking the last of the cream off her breasts.

And there was something new pressing against her lips now, something fleshy.

Or so it seemed, because it wasn’t what she imagined it to be. Instead, a piece of kielbasa filled her mouth as she bobbed her head on it, based on her initial mistaken assumption.

And then she nearly laughed at the absurdity of mistaking one sausage for another.

“Even I can’t contort like that,” he said and his breath fell hotly on her nipples, that after his prior ministrations were almost hurting from arousal.

“I can’t take it,” she said, swallowing down the sausage. “Please. I can’t anymore!”

“Let’s cool things down a bit then,” he replied.

A new scent, very pleasant.

“Rose water infused ice-cubes,” he clarified, holding them under her nose.

He put one cube in her mouth and like earlier, following it in with his tongue. Together they clashed and crushed against the cube and as she calmed down a bit, she shuddered as another ice cube found its way down her neck, between her breasts and down to her navel. The cold, rose-scented water, dripped down onto the chair mingling with her juices that were already forming a small pool.

And then his other hand rubbed something over her labia, soaking up her juices and the dripping rose water.

She could barely even understand the sensations she was experiencing, let alone guess at what it was.

He pulled his tongue out of her mouth and said, “A french fry, dipped in rose infused Au Jus! Yum!”

She heard him chewing on it, while the cube in her mouth melted down her throat.

“Want a taste?” he asked.

She nodded, barely able to speak. Again, the fry against her labia, almost…. Almost…

She panted and he put the fry in her mouth.

“A taste of you, tasting much sweeter than wine!”

And then without even asking, without preparing, the spray can foamed against her pussy. And his tongue found its way into the crevices, licking, sucking. Softer and first and then more and more insistent.

She cried out, as waves of bliss overcame her. She grabbed his head, tight against her as she came. Again and again.

And finally, limply as he held her against his chest, he pulled off the blindfold and kissed her.

“There was still so much more to taste,” he said.
