---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/foreclosure01.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Foreclosure
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- MF/f
- bondage
- prisoner
- n/c
- XX
---

8
8
Foreclosure
by Zack

Part One

Notice: This is a work of fiction. Names,
places, characters, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination
or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, organizations,
or persons is entirely coincidental.
-------------------------------------------------------------

The most junior member of the Northern
Empire Bank's legal department was sitting in his climate-controlled office
and sweating like a pig. He picked up his phone, put it down, and then
picked it up again and reluctantly punched in a number that had nothing
but bad memories for him.

The phone rang four times. Just as his
hopes were building that it wouldn't be answered a voice proclaimed, "Loan
Administration, Sharon Green speaking."

"Ah, Ms. Green, this is Larry in the legal
department. I'm afraid I have some bad news."

"Not again! What have you fuck-ups botched
this time?"

Larry winced and moved the phone farther
from his ear. "It's that farm foreclosure we have scheduled for Saturday
over in North Dakota. The person who was going to represent us has the
flu and can't make it."

"Well, send somebody else. Even a cretin
like you should have been able to think of that."

"We don't have anybody else. We have a
lot of people away on vacation because of the Thanksgiving weekend, and
more are out sick."

"Why don't you go yourself? You're a lawyer
of sorts. How difficult can it be? A moron should be able to handle it,
and that means you qualify."

"North Dakota has very restrictive laws.
They don't like corporations buying farms, so they make it as difficult
as possible. The only people who would be allowed to represent the bank
are attorneys who are licensed in the state and officers of the corporation."
Larry fought to keep his voice level; everyone at the bank knew Ms. Green
was a vindictive bitch, and he didn't want to become one of her personal
enemies.

"Well, hire a local lawyer to handle it.
Or is that too complicated for you to understand?"

"We don't have anyone on retainer, and
we have to get management approval before we can do any hiring. You know
how long that takes."

"So what are you going to do?"

"Well, ah, you're a corporate vice president.
You could go."

"Me! So now I'm supposed to be your errand
girl? You stupid..."

Larry patiently waited during several minutes
of imaginative cursing, and when Sharon slowed a bit he broke in and said,
"I'm really sorry, but it's not our fault that the flu is going around.
I tried everyone else I could find, but you're the only qualified person
who might be available."

"You're right about being sorry. You're
the sorriest bunch of incompetents I've ever seen. Well, if I'm the only
one in the bank who isn't flaking off I suppose I'll have to go. When and
where is the auction and how do I get there?"

"The auction is 9 a.m. Saturday at the
courthouse in the town of New Trondheim. We've already made all of the
travel arrangements. You fly from Chicago to Fargo and then it's about
a two hour drive west and south. You'll be traveling on Thanksgiving, but
that was the only flight available." Because Larry had been taught to be
polite he added, "I'm sorry if this messes up your holiday plans."

"Spare me your sympathy, asswipe. You bozos
owe me big time." She slammed down the phone.

Larry winced again. Then he wiped his brow
and counted himself lucky that he had gotten off so easily.

Sharon raged around her office for several
minutes before she remembered what her therapist had told her, and gradually
she was able to stop cursing and get control of herself. She gulped some
antacid tablets and her stomach pains eased.

Actually, she didn't have any plans for
the holiday. Her parents were dead and both of her sisters hadn't been
speaking to her for several years. Sharon had broken up with her sort-of
boyfriend several months ago, and no one she knew would voluntarily spend
time with her unless she provided sex. She had planned to spend the holiday
weekend alone in her apartment.

It wasn't having to work on the holiday
that burned Sharon; it was that someone even dared to ask her to do something
this mundane. She had joined the Loan Administration department several
months ago. It had been called a 'lateral transfer', and she still had
her title and the same salary, but it was clearly a demotion. Sharon had
started at the bank almost twelve years ago, just after she got her MBA,
and she had spent every day since then clawing her way to the top. The
transfer was an ominous sign that her career was headed for the toilet,
and the associated stress was seriously affecting her health.

Sharon decided that if she had to work
over the weekend she was going to take the rest of the day off. As soon
as Larry had emailed the confirmation numbers for her airline and car rental
reservations she took the elevator to the parking garage in the basement
of the building. Her silver-blue Mercedes E-320 was parked close to the
elevator; at least she still had a reserved space. She sat in the car for
a few minutes and thought calm thoughts. Then she drove out of the garage
and into the traffic of downtown Milwaukee.

Sharon lived in the western suburbs, almost
closer to Madison than to her office, and as she fought the pre-holiday
traffic she could feel her rage nearing the explosion point. She wished
there was a chemical means of coping, but she had bad reactions to all
of the usual tranquilizers. Once she was home things would be better; she
would be alone in a dimly lit, quiet place.

\* \* \*

Sharon experienced a remarkably smooth
journey to New Trondheim. She was picked up at her apartment by a taxi
and delivered to O'Hare Airport in plenty of time to catch her flight to
Fargo. Her reservation was in order and she had no trouble going through
airport security. It was a non-stop flight and it arrived on time. Her
rental car was ready and she was on the road with no hassles. This unusual
chain of events cheered her up so much that she was able to forget that
she was all by herself on the nation's premier family holiday.

Sharon left Fargo and drove west on Interstate
94 for over an hour before she turned off on the secondary road that led
south to New Trondheim. The weather was clear and cool. Fall had been unusually
warm this year and as yet no snow had fallen.

The sun was close to the western horizon
when Sharon entered New Trondheim. Like most towns in the Midwest it had
shrunk as farming became more efficient and family farms were consolidated.
On Main Street every third storefront was unoccupied, but there wasn't
the aura of decay that Sharon had seen in other towns in similar circumstances.
The sidewalks were swept clean and there wasn't any trash in the gutters.
The buildings weren't rundown; even the plywood that covered the windows
of empty stores was painted.

There weren't any motels in town, but Sharon
had a reservation at what was advertised as a 'bed-and-breakfast' inn.
It was a large frame house close to the center of town. The elderly landlady
showed Sharon to a room on the ground floor that was clean but had furniture
that dated from the 1950's. When Sharon asked directions to somewhere she
could buy dinner she was invited to have a meal with the other residents.
The food was good, and from the conversation Sharon deduced that the inn
was actually more like a boarding house. Sharon had lived alone for so
many years that sharing a meal with more than one person was very unsettling
to her, but she decided she could learn to like it.

The next morning Sharon drove out to the
farm that was going to be auctioned. She wanted to inspect it, but she
also wanted to speak with the soon-to-be-ex owner. The bank didn't have
any immediate need for the property, so it was willing to rent it out if
the owner wanted to stay for a while.

It wasn't far to the farm and Sharon easily
located it. She parked her car close to the house and walked around a bit.
The house had been built in the 1960s, as a replacement for the original
structure which had burned down. Beside the house and a large, dilapidated
barn there were many large greenhouses. She had read in the file that this
was where the bulk of the bank's loan money had been spent. The plan was
to grow tomatoes out of season, but something had gone wrong.

Sharon knocked at the front door and it
was answered by a woman a few years older than herself.

"Hello, I'm Sharon Green from Northern
Empire Bank. Are you Mrs. Olsen?"

"Yes, I'm Lena Olsen. Come in, we've been
expecting someone from the bank."

Sharon entered and Lena closed the door.
The two women weren't too different in age, but they differed greatly in
appearance. Sharon was wearing an expensive blue wool suit and a silk blouse.
Her only concession to her rural surroundings were her shoes; she had exchanged
her usual heels for flats. Her dark brown hair was smooth and glossy and
cut short. Lena was wearing a cotton dress and an apron, and her long blonde
hair was in a loose single braid.

Both women had trim, athletic figures;
Sharon because she visited the gym frequently, and Lena because she worked
hard on a farm. Each silently evaluated the other and then Lena led Sharon
into the parlor.

A man was standing at the window, looking
out. He turned when the women entered the room and said, "I'm Sven Olsen.
You must be from the bank."

"Yes, Mr. Olsen. My name is Sharon Green."
Sharon was uneasy. Sven was visibly upset, and this was the first time
she had personally forced someone from his home.

Sven said in a bitter voice, "When the
bank gave me the money they said we were partners. Why is it that when
we have a setback I'm the one who gets hurt?"

Sharon primly explained, "The arrangement
was structured as a loan, and the farm was the collateral. The bank can't
use the depositor's money to make equity investments. When you didn't make
your payments we were forced to foreclose."

Then she turned the knife. "You were the
one who was supposed to have the expertise, so if the venture failed it's
your fault. Any fool can grow a crop, but it takes real management skill
to run a successful farm business today."

"You could have given me a little more
time. I was starting to make a profit, and once I get through the winter
I can make my payments again." Sven was desperately trying to control his
temper.

"It's too late for that. The only way you
can keep the property now is to pay off the entire balance of the loan."

Sven growled, "Where can I get that much
money? You bloodsuckers!" He pushed past Sharon and hurried from the room.

Lena said, "Please excuse him. This has
been a very bad experience for all of us, but it's been especially hard
for Sven. He's very attached to this land; his great-grandfather homesteaded
it." She wiped at a tear. "What's going to happen at the auction tomorrow?"

"My bid will be for exactly the amount
you owe the bank. If somebody else bids higher then they get the farm,
and anything over the loan amount goes to you. I don't expect that to happen,
because land prices have fallen so much that the loan is for more than
the market value of the property. Assuming the bank gets the farm, would
you be interested in renting it until you can relocate?"

"I don't know; I'll have to talk to Sven."
Lena was almost crying, but she remembered the local code of hospitality
and asked, "Would you like some coffee?"

"No, I've got to be going." Sharon wasn't
going to stay a second longer than she had to.

Lena showed Sharon to the door, and when
it was closed she leaned against it and wept. She was still crying when
the phone rang. She picked it up and choked out, "Hello."

"Mom! What's wrong?"

"Oh, Astrid, I'm so upset. The woman from
the bank was just here and unless a miracle happens we're going to lose
the farm. It's going to kill Sven."

"It's so unfair! The bank sucked him in
with their foul scheme and now they're going to grind him into the dirt."

Astrid had attended the University of Wisconsin
at Madison until her family's financial problems forced her to drop out,
and her experience at the college had set her political philosophy so far
to the left that she considered Hillary Clinton a right-wing extremist.

"I know, dear, but they've got the law
on their side. Unless someone puts in a higher bid at the auction tomorrow
the bank will get the farm and we'll all be out in the cold." Lena started
to cry again.

"Oh, Mom, I'm so sorry. But I've got to
go. The lunch crowd is here and the cafe is busy. I'll see you tonight."

Astrid hung up and got back to work as
one of the three waitresses employed by Mom's Cafe, the most popular restaurant
in New Trondheim. Most of the patrons were regulars, and Astrid knew what
they wanted without having to ask. She was very busy for an hour, and then
the crowd started to thin out.

When Sharon entered the cafe Astrid had
a good idea of who she was; none of the locals had a suit that expensive,
and Sharon was the only person who had ever hung a cashmere coat on the
battered rack next to the door.

Astrid stepped up to Sharon with every
intention of denouncing her, but then another plan took shape in her mind.
Her scowl turned to a smile as she greeted Sharon and guided her to a table.

Astrid said, "Hello and welcome to New
Trondheim. Where are you from?"

"Milwaukee."

"Oh, you must be here to represent the
bank at the auction tomorrow."

"Yes, but how did you know?"

"There aren't many secrets in a town this
size. Would you like coffee?"

"Yes." Sharon looked at the menu; it offered
what she had expected, but with some unusual additions. She asked, "Why
do you have so many Mexican dishes on your menu?"

"Our cook is Mexican, and the manager wanted
to see if the folks in this town would buy something other than meat loaf
and mashed potatoes. It seems that they won't, so we're having a sale on
chili con carne. It's really good, and only fifty cents a bowl."

"OK, I can't go wrong at that price."

Astrid smiled and went into the kitchen.
She said to the cook, "Juan! Where's your bottle?"

"Bottle? Bottle? I don't need no stinkin'
bottle."

"Very funny." Astrid opened a drawer and
extracted a pint bottle of vodka; it was about half full. She poured some
into a bowl and filled the bowl with chili. She stirred and tasted, and
added a bit more vodka.

"I'll buy you another bottle as soon as
I can. I'm just playing a little joke on a friend; don't mention this to
anybody."

Juan shrugged; he had three more bottles
in his locker, so he didn't worry about making it through the day.

Astrid slipped the bottle into her apron
pocket and carried the chili to Sharon's table. Sharon tasted it and said,
"This has an unusual flavor, but it's very good. I'm surprised."

After Sharon had finished eating she sat
at the table and studied some papers. Astrid kept watching her, and when
she finally moved to leave the restaurant Astrid was waiting near the door.
She took Sharon's coat off the rack and slipped the vodka bottle into a
side pocket; then she helped Sharon into the coat.

"Thank you. This certainly seems to be
a friendly town."

"We try to be."

Astrid watched as Sharon walked to her
car and drove off. Then she phoned the Sheriff's office and reported that
a woman was driving drunk. She described Sharon's car and gave the license
number and the direction the car was traveling.

Sharon drove away from the cafe and wondered
why she felt so strange. It almost felt like she was drunk, but all she
had with lunch was coffee.

She looked out over the bleak landscape
and wondered what it would be like to live out here, especially in the
winter. When she looked back at the road she was almost at a sharp turn
where the road jogged around a gully. She hit the brakes and cranked the
wheel to the right. She managed to make it around the corner without crashing,
but her car swerved across the center line, dangerously close to the ditch
that bordered the left side of the road.

Sharon was shaken by her close call and
started to slow down. Then she noticed the blue lights behind her. "Oh,
shit!" she muttered, and pulled over and stopped where the road widened
a bit.

The patrol car parked behind her and Deputy
Sheriff Erik Petersen walked up to Sharon's car. She quickly rolled down
her window.

He asked, "Are you all right, ma'am?" He
had a concerned look.

"Yes. Why do you ask?"

"You took that corner kind of fast, and
your car was all over the road. Are you sick? Did you hurt yourself?"

"No, I'm OK. I was just distracted for
a minute, and the corner came up faster than I expected."

"Can I see your license and registration,
please?"

Sharon dug through her purse until she
found her wallet, and then fumbled for a while before she was able to remove
her driver's license and hand it to the deputy. "I don't have the registration.
This is a rental car, so all I have is the contract."

The deputy looked at the license and the
rental contract. He asked, "Have you been drinking, ma'am?"

"No, of course not."

He opened the car door. "Please step out
of the car."

Sharon released her seat belt and climbed
out. "What's the problem, Officer?"

"I'd like you to take a sobriety test.
Please close your eyes and touch your nose, like this."

Deputy Petersen demonstrated what he wanted
and Sharon tried to copy his actions. She wasn't very successful. She couldn't
walk a straight line or stand on one foot, either.

"Please step over to my car and take a
breath test."

"What for? I told you I haven't been drinking."

"Then you don't object to taking the test,
ma'am? Deputy Petersen guided her to his car and reached inside for the
test kit. He handed the mouthpiece to Sharon and said, "Blow into the tube,
please."

Sharon blew into the tube. Deputy Petersen
looked at the readout and said, "This indicates a blood alcohol reading
of 0.13, which is over the legal limit of 0.08. I'm arresting you for driving
under the influence. Please turn around and put your hands on your head."

"You can't mean that! I haven't been drinking!"

"That's for the court to decide. Now turn
around like I told you."

Sharon decided that it would be stupid
to resist and turned around and put her hands on her head. Petersen closed
a cuff on her right wrist and pulled it down behind her back. He used his
other hand to force Sharon's left wrist behind her back and cuffed it too.

Petersen patted down Sharon's body. He
felt something in the left pocket of her coat and removed a pint bottle
of vodka, about a quarter full. "Carrying an open container of liquor in
a car is a violation in this state. I'm adding this to the DUI and reckless
driving charges."

He opened the back door of his car and
ordered, "Get in."

Sharon awkwardly climbed in; the deputy
put his hand on her head to keep it clear of the door frame. When he started
to close the door Sharon cried, "Wait! My purse is in my car."

"I'll take care of it." The deputy closed
the door and walked to Sharon's car. He found the purse on the front seat
and the car keys in the ignition. He locked the car and returned to his
patrol car, and Sharon was on her way to jail.

Sharon squirmed on the seat, trying to
find a comfortable position. This was hard to do with her wrists locked
into hinged handcuffs, especially since her palms were facing out. She
was getting really mad. She hissed, "These hicks won't get away with this!"

The patrol car drove into town and parked
in front of an two-story frame house. The house was old but well-kept,
with apple-green trim and fresh white paint on the clapboard siding. Part
of the yard next to the street had been paved with bricks and several cars
were parked there.

Deputy Petersen opened the door next to
Sharon and took hold of her upper arm. She stiffened her body and made
no attempt to get out of the car. She angrily demanded, "Why are we stopping
here? This doesn't look like the police station."

"This is the doctor's office. After a DUI
arrest I have to get a blood sample before I take you to jail."

"You can't do this! I don't want to give
a sample!"

"You don't have any choice. The law says
we can take a sample whether you like it or not. Please cooperate; it'll
make it easier for everybody."

He took Sharon's arm to help her out of
the car, but she kicked out and struck his shin. She shouted, "I won't!
Leave me alone!"

Petersen closed the door and reached into
the front of the car. Sharon relaxed, thinking that he had given up, but
he opened her door again and now he carried leg irons. She kicked and struggled,
but he locked them onto her ankles and dragged her out of the car.

Sharon screamed and cursed as he forced
her up the walk and into the doctor's reception room. Two women and a little
girl were waiting there, and they looked on in amazement as she was dragged
past them and into the treatment room.

An elderly man said, "What's all this commotion,
Erik?" His face registered disgust as Sharon shouted some extremely vulgar
epithets.

"A drunk driver, Doc. I need a blood sample
and she doesn't want to cooperate."

Sharon was so angry that she didn't notice
the nurse who walked up behind her until a rubber bit gag was forced into
her mouth and strapped in place. In the silence that followed Doc said,
"Thanks, Bertha, that's much nicer. Where did that gag come from?"

"It's what we used to use when somebody
had a seizure. It protected their tongue. Now it'll protect our ears. You
ought to charge her with disturbing the peace, Erik."

"Right. But now I need a blood sample.
Doc and I will hold her while you use the needle."

He unlocked one of the cuffs and he and
the doctor held Sharon's arms while the nurse got the sample. Then he re-cuffed
Sharon and dragged her back to the car; the next stop was the jail.

The jail was located across an alley from
the courthouse and it was the most decrepit building in town. It had been
built by the WPA in 1936, and no attempt had been made to beautify the
rough poured-concrete walls. Every now and then there was a proposal to
tear it down and build something else, but the plan always foundered because
there wasn't any money.

Erik parked out front and opened the back
door of the car. He was expecting a struggle, but Sharon had managed to
contain her rage and offered no resistance as she was led into the jail.
The inside was as shabby as the outside; the floor was bare concrete and
the walls were painted a particularly vile shade of institutional green.

The outside door led into an anteroom,
where a grizzled old man was sitting at a battered desk. He said, "Howdy,
Erik. Who have we got here?"

"Hello, Otto. She was arrested for DUI,
among other things. Call Trude, will you? She'll have to do the processing
and the search." Erik tossed Sharon's purse on the desk.

Otto used the phone, and when it was answered
he said, "Hi, Trude. Come over to the jail, we got a female prisoner."

Over in the courthouse Trude Olsen felt
a thrill go through her body. She was a clerk in the sheriff's department,
but she wanted to be a deputy. When there was a female prisoner she acted
as the jail matron. This was a rare event, but it couldn't happen often
enough for her. She pulled her long blond hair into a ponytail, told the
dispatcher where she was going, and hurried out the door.

Back at the jail, Otto emptied Sharon's
purse, got out a paper form, and began to inventory its contents. Erik
led Sharon to a bench and told her to sit. He unlocked the cuff from her
left ankle, slipped it through a U-shaped bracket bolted to the floor,
and relocked it back on her ankle. Sharon was calm now, but Erik wasn't
taking any chances.

Erik sat down in front of a computer and
began to compose his report. He had just finished and was printing a copy
when the outside door opened and a young woman entered. He looked up and
smiled. "Hello, Trude."

Trude returned the smile. "Hello, Erik."

She kept her gaze locked on Erik until
Otto interrupted, "Can we get down to business here? Some of us got other
things to do."

Trude inspected Sharon and asked, "So this
is our prisoner? What are the charges?"

Erik replied, "DUI, reckless driving, open
container, disorderly conduct, and disturbing the peace." He handed Trude
a copy of his report.

Trude looked it over and commented, "My,
she's had a busy day. Where'd the gag come from?"

"Doc's office. She's got a very foul mouth,
and Bertha didn't like to hear it." Erik moved to the door. "I've got to
get back on patrol. Can I see you tonight? We can do another training exercise."

"I'd like that."

Erik and Trude looked into each other's
eyes until Otto interrupted. "I got to leave for a while too, Trude. The
only other inmate is Ole; he's sleeping it off in a cell. You should be
able to handle things here."

Trude was over a decade younger than Sharon,
and her muscular body was five inches taller and twenty five pounds heavier
than Sharon's 5'4", 120 pound frame. She didn't expect to have any trouble.

As Erik and Otto were about to leave the
jail the tow truck driver entered. He said, "Here are the keys to that
car you stopped, Erik. I parked it out front." He put the keys on the desk
next to Sharon's purse and followed the others out.

Trude said, "OK, Sharon, time to get you
checked into our hotel." She unbuckled the gag and took it out. "I don't
like foul language either, so keep it clean unless you want the gag to
go back in."

Sharon worked her jaw, and when she could
talk she asked, "Don't I get to make a phone call? I need a lawyer. Does
this town have any?"

"Yes, we have three. One is the District
Attorney and the other two are out of town for the holiday."

"Then I'll have to find one from out of
town."

"If it's not a local call it'll have to
be collect."

"My cell phone is on the desk. If I can
use that it'll save you the cost of the local call."

"OK." Trude removed Sharon's handcuffs
and gave her the phone.

Sharon rubbed her sore wrists while she
tried to decide who to call. She really needed legal help, and the only
lawyer she knew (except for those clowns at the bank) was her sleazy ex-boyfriend,
Richard. A weak reed, but she didn't have many options. Besides, she remembered
his phone number.

She called, and when Richard answered she
said, "Hello, Richard, this is Sharon. I need your help."

"I knew you'd come crawling back when you
found out you couldn't live without me. Get your ass over here before I
change my mind."

Sharon ignored his comment. She knew Richard
was an asshole; that was the main reason they broke up. Biting back her
normal reaction, she said, "I need legal help. I'm in jail in New Trondheim,
North Dakota."

"Sorry, I have business here in Milwaukee
and I'm not schlepping out onto the tundra, even for you. Unless you finally
killed somebody."

"I'm charged with drunk driving. You do
a lot of business in North Dakota. Don't you know anybody out here?"

"Let me think a minute; New Trondheim sounds
familiar." Richard rummaged through his Rolodex. "Yeah, here it is. Heidi
Schultz. She works in Bismarck, but her family comes from New Trondheim;
just the other day she was telling me how much she missed it. I'll call
her office on my other line." There was a delay, and then he said, "Her
answering machine says she's gone until Monday. What do you want me to
do?"

"Can you leave a message to have her call
me? Even if she doesn't do criminal defense work she could probably recommend
someone." Sharon gave her cell phone number to Richard and he hung up.

Trude got some keys from the desk. She
removed Sharon's leg irons and led her into the cell block, which was separated
from the anteroom by a solid door with a peephole. There were six small
cells, three on each side of a center aisle. Each cell had three walls
of concrete, and the side adjacent to the aisle was made of round steel
bars.

There weren't any windows in the cell block;
light and ventilation were provided by barred skylights over the aisle.
Each cell had a small grill in the ceiling that was connected to an oil-fired
forced air furnace. The furnace room, a small shower room, and a storeroom
were located at the end of the aisle, behind another solid door. Otto had
converted the storeroom to a bunk room, and he (unofficially) lived there.

Each cell contained a commode, a sink and
an iron-framed cot. The cot was bolted to the floor and narrow steel strips
were woven across it to act as springs. A thin, rolled-up mattress was
on each cot.

The first cell on the right was occupied
by a disheveled man. He was sprawled on his back and snoring loudly.

Trude said, "That's Ole, the town drunk.
I'll put you on the other end so it won't be quite so loud."

"How long will it be before I can get out
of here? Will I have to wait for my lawyer to show up?"

"You won't get out unless the judge decides
to let you out, and you'll most likely see the judge Monday morning."

"But that's impossible! I have to be at
the auction tomorrow morning. Can't I post bail and get out now?"

Sharon panicked. If she didn't put in the
bank's bid at the foreclosure auction her career was doomed. She had to
get out of here. If she could get away from the jail the South Dakota border
was about ten miles away. She could hide out down there overnight and sneak
back into town just before the auction.

"Only the judge can set bail. You won't
be out before Monday." Trude unlocked the last cell on the right and swung
open the door. "In here".

Sharon bumped Trude and the key slipped
out of her hand. When she bent to pick it up Sharon shoved her into the
cell and slammed the door shut. Sharon kicked the key away and ran out
of the cell block, closing the door behind her. She grabbed her purse and
car keys from the desk, opened the jail door, and collided with Erik, who
was just entering.

Sharon struggled desperately, but Erik
easily forced her back inside and shut the door.

She screamed, "Let me go! You dirty mot...".

The rest of her comment was cut off when
Erik put his hand over her mouth and nose. Sharon fought and thrashed,
but Erik forced her into the cell block.

When he saw Trude in the cell he said,
"Hi there! I think you have it wrong. The prisoner is supposed to be on
the inside of the cell and you're supposed to be on the outside."

Trude was not amused. "Shut up. The bitch
surprised me. I didn't think she'd be so stupid as to try to escape; it's
not like she was facing a murder charge."

"Assumptions like that are what get cops
killed. You were lucky this time. You didn't get hurt and your prisoner
didn't get away. The sheriff isn't going to like it when he hears about
this."

"Please don't tell him! It wouldn't help
my chances of becoming a deputy." She looked at Sharon. "Not that I really
care, but the bitch is turning blue."

Erik removed his hand from Sharon's face
and she gasped for air. Before she recovered he locked a cuff on her right
wrist and pushed her arms between the bars on the front of the cell. Trude
closed the other cuff on the left wrist and Sharon was chained to the cell
bars.

Trude said, "The gag is on the desk; let's
get it on her before she starts screaming again. I think the cell key is
on the floor over there."

Erik tossed the cell key to Trude and retrieved
the gag from the desk. Sharon resisted, but with Trude and Erik working
together the gag was jammed into her mouth, and Trude buckled the strap
so it was very tight.

Erik locked the leg irons on Sharon's ankles.
He said, "We've had enough from you. You can cooperate while Trude searches
you and I'll wait outside, or you can fight and I'll have to stay in here
and help her. If we do it that way you're going to get roughed up and your
nice clothes will get rumpled."

Sharon's instinct was to fight, but her
reason told her it would be useless. She nodded her acquiescence, and when
Erik was gone she didn't resist when Trude removed the handcuffs and helped
her strip. The leg irons were unlocked long enough to take off her pantyhose
and panties, and then locked back in place. Trude put Sharon in the shower,
and then got a jail uniform from the storeroom.

As soon as Trude was out of sight Sharon
unbuckled the gag and spat it out. She got into the shower, but the water
was barely warm, so she didn't stay in any longer than she had to. She
used the small towel, and when she was dry Trude gave her the uniform and
ordered, "Put this on."

Sharon examined the dowdy garments. There
was a calf-length denim skirt with an elastic waistband, a gray tee shirt
with 'Jail Inmate' stenciled on the back, and white cotton socks. There
wasn't any underwear, and she asked about this.

Trude explained, "What you got is all you
get. Now go into the cell and use the toilet so I can get you settled for
the night."

"I haven't had any dinner!"

"Too bad, mealtime is over. Now get in
the cell."

While Sharon was peeing Trude unrolled
the mattress on the cot. She ordered, "On your back on the cot. Put your
hands to your sides."

Sharon wondered where all this was leading,
but she did as Trude told her. Trude used plastic handcuffs to attach Sharon's
wrists to the frame of the cot. She unlocked an ankle cuff, wrapped the
chain around the frame of the cot, and relocked the cuff. As the final
step she jammed the gag back into Sharon's mouth and buckled it very tightly.

Once she was fastened to the cot Sharon
was frantic. Surely she wasn't going to be tied down like this all night!
She screamed and protested; the gag prevented articulate speech, but she
could still make a lot of noise.

Trude spread a blanket over Sharon and
said, "This is what happens to bad little girls. If you do as you're told
and stay quiet I might let you up tomorrow. If you're still causing trouble
you'll find that things can get much worse."

She left the cell, slamming the door behind
her. When she was out of the cell block and the door was closed behind
her she could still hear Sharon's protests, but they were faint enough
to ignore.

Erik asked, "Everything secure?"

"Yes. She may find it a bit restrictive,
but the bitch has it coming."

Erik warned, "Don't go too far. It may
turn you on to tie her up, but the sheriff won't like it if you cause a
lawsuit."

"Restraining her is completely justified.
She has shown she's violent, and she assaulted me and tried to escape.
Don't forget to add that to your list of charges."

Otto entered the jail and said, "Hi, kids.
Everything OK?"

"Yes, now. The prisoner tried to escape,
but Erik recaptured her. I had to fasten her to the cot. Be careful, she's
very violent."

"Playing games again, are you? OK, I'll
go along and leave her alone until morning."

Erik said, "It's time for our training
exercise, Trude. Today I'm going to demonstrate a special application of
plastic handcuffs. You know that the usual method of applying the one-piece
cuffs is to use two, one for each of the prisoner's wrists? This is the
easiest thing to do in the field, but you can also use just one cuff around
both wrists. It's easier to do this if you have the help of a partner."

Erik handed a plastic cuff to Otto, and
then pulled Trude's hands behind her back and held them back-to-back. "Put
the cuff around her wrists, Otto."

Otto closed the cuff around Trude's wrists
and pulled it snug. Erik tightened it several more notches and Trude winced,
but she didn't complain. "See how much more restrictive that is, Trude?"

"Yes, I can't use my arms at all."

Erik opened the door to the outside. "We
can finish the exercise at my house. See you later, Otto."

Erik hustled Trude outside and shoved her
into the back of the patrol car. They drove to his house and went inside.

Erik said, "You really messed up this time.
If that woman had escaped you could kiss off any chance of becoming a deputy.
I won't tell the sheriff, but I'm going to have to reprimand you myself.
I think twenty swats would be about right." He sat on the couch and pulled
Trude over his lap. He flipped up her skirt and pulled off her panties.

Trude moaned as he stroked her bare bottom.
"You're right, I really messed up. Twenty swats is the right number, but
you should use the strap, sir."

Erik pushed Trude to the floor and stood
up. "In that case, we'll need some more preparation."

He moved a chair into the center of the
room and collected some rope. Trude moaned and struggled against the tight
plastic band pinning her wrists as Erik pulled her to her feet and moved
her so she was facing the back of the chair.

He removed Trude's skirt and shoes and
then ordered, "Spread your legs!". Erik tied her knees and ankles to the
chair legs. He formed a small bowline in another piece of rope and put
the rope end through it to form a running noose, which he put around Trude's
neck. He wrapped the rope around a rung at the front of the chair and pulled
until Trude was bent over. When he tied off the rope the noose was snug,
but she wouldn't choke unless she tried to straighten up.

Trude was panting now. A rope around her
neck always multiplied the feeling of helplessness she got from bondage;
not only was she controlled, but her life itself was now in the hands of
another. Erik knew this, and he too enjoyed the control it gave him over
her. He just had to be careful that she didn't strangle herself.

Erik said, "I'm not going to gag you. The
neighbors aren't home yet, so you can scream without bothering anybody.
Ready?"

"Yes, sir."

The first stroke drew a red line across
Trude's bottom, and she gasped. As always, she resolved to take the punishment
silently, but less than half-way through the whipping she could no longer
hold back, and she screamed and begged until all twenty lashes had been
delivered.

Erik didn't untie her from the chair right
away; first he went into the bedroom and took off his own clothes and unwrapped
a condom. Then he released Trude's legs and untied the neck rope from the
chair. She rushed into the bedroom, and Erik was pulled along by the leash
he held, like a child trying to control a big dog. Trude leaped onto the
bed, and as soon as Erik touched her she screamed again, but not from pain.

End of Part One 
[Foreclosure
continues in](foreclosure02.html)
[Part
Two](foreclosure02.html)

Story copyright© 2002 by Zack. 
All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.  Email me
at zack\_writer@hotmail.com

03.06.02

story continues in [**Foreclosure 2**](foreclosure02.html)

o0o
