---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/f
- bond
- bdsm
- handcuffs
- collar
- blindfold
- gag
- hood
- insert
- anal
- intubate
- packaged
- boxed
- straps
- transported
- force-feed
- denial
- cons/nc
- xx
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride06.html))

**Chapter Seven**

Mary
awakened before her Mistress.  She felt rested, but her body was stiff
and sore, her jaw ached, and her wrists and elbow were still red and tender
from the long hours of tight ligature.  Not wanting to wake Erika,
Mary resisted the impulse to stretch.  Instead, she lay still, until
finally Erika stirred.  “Good Morning, slave.”  “Good Morning
Mistress.” Mary answered submissively.  The girls kissed, and another
day had begun.  Mary wondered where James was.  She still had
not seen her new husband since her arrival!

One
of Mary’s cuffs was unlocked, and her hands were moved from behind her
back, to in front, then re-locked.  She was left alone in the bathroom,
with the door locked.  She took a long, hot, wonderful bath, washed
her hair, applied her makeup, and slipped into a beautiful silk wrap. 
After an extravagant breakfast, Mary found herself collared, with handcuffs
behind her back, and between her ankles, tightly blindfolded, and gagged
with a moderately large ballgag.  A leash attached her to a ring on
the wall, and she was allowed to sit on a hard wooden bench.  She
didn’t know where she was, but from the echoes she could tell that the
room was large.  After the previous day, this bondage was a trifle,
but the bench was hard.  Mary sighed.  She guessed that she had
been so restrained for at least several hours, and she was getting bored!

Finally
she heard a door open, and was aware of footsteps coming toward her. 
She turned her blind eyes in the direction of the sound, and a curious
“Mmmp?” escaped her gagged lips.  She felt hands push her head down,
and unbuckle the gag, then pull it wetly from her mouth.  Mary licked
her lips, “Oh, thank you Mistress Erika!”  “Good, guess, but wrong!”
answered a familiar male voice.  “James!....er.... Master!” gushed
Mary, “It’s so good to see you!”  James laughed, and fingered the
blindfold across his bound wife’s face.  “You’re still not seeing
me, now are you?”  Delighted, Mary joined in the laughter.  “A
figure of speech, Master.  I should have said it was good to hear
your voice!”  “Well,” he responded, “from what I hear from Erika,
you didn’t seem to miss me all that much.” 
Mary
felt her face redden with embarrassment.

Here
she was, chained and blindfolded in front of her new husband, just having
completed a torrid lesbian adventure.  And she hadn’t even consummated
her marriage yet!  “Oh Master, I was a captive—I didn’t have any choice......” 
“Yes, but you didn’t have to enjoy it so much.”  A small tear escaped
from under the blindfold, and ran down the bound girl’s cheek.  “Master,
please punish me for being unfaithful!” she said, totally sincerely. 
James laughed.  “My Dear, you are wonderful.....beautiful, sensual
and submissive.”  He reached out and stroked her chin.  “It’s
too bad that I am going to have to delay getting inside your submissive
nature a little better.”  Mary turned her blind eyes up to him. 
“What do you mean?” she asked.  “I have to go away for a week.” he
explained.  “I thought I’d leave you her to suffer Erika’s tender
mercies, since you seem to have become such friends.”  Mary shook
her head.  “Oh, no!” she whimpered, “please take me with you.” 
“But there is nothing for you to do......just a lot of flying, hotel rooms
and meetings.”  “It doesn’t matter.  Please take me with you.”
she implored.  “It doesn’t matter what I do, as long as I’m with you!” 
James thought about the matter for a minute, and a smile crossed his face. 
“OK.” he answered, a smile of delight springing onto Mary’s face, “I’ll
take you along, and I promise that you will be with me all the time!” 
He lovingly rubbed her head, enjoying the luster of her blond hair. 
“Now, I have a bit of work to do before we go.” he explained.  “Felice
will be along to get you ready to go.”  With that he turned and departed. 
Mary sat expectantly, a broad smile on her lips.  She was going with
James on a business trip, and she could hardly wait!

Several
hours later, Mary was ready to go.  Things hadn’t turned out exactly
as she had envisioned them!

She
couldn’t describe her travel accommodations, since she had been hooded
into a dark, tight claustrophobic darkness immediately after her hands
had been strapped together at the small of her back.  The hood was
laced until her entire face and jaw was under tension, then tied securely. 
An immense, cylindrical gag had been jammed into her mouth.  It stretched
her lips apart, then her teeth fell into grooves on the cylinder just behind
the pad which covered and compressed her lips.  There were no eyeholes
in the hood, but there were pads sewn to the inside which filled the area
on either side of her nose, and held her eyelids closed.  A nose shaped
plastic guard inside the hood kept the tight hood from compressing her
nose.  There were two attached plugs which were forced into her nostrils,
each plug had a breathing tube.  Mary could not know it, but the gag
also had a hollow tube through its center, which could be opened or closed
as the whim of her captor.  Mary could hear only muffled sounds through
the hood.  She guessed that the soft projections from the hood into
her ears were to keep her from hearing.  She would find out that she
was only partially correct!  Once all of Mary’s cranial orifices were
invaded, her attendants turned their attention a bit lower down. 
Mary felt a cold, clinical hand slathering lubricant into the pink openings
of her pussy and asshole.  Without any preliminaries a large shaft
was inserted between her lips, and pushed deeply into her vagina. 
A second, slightly smaller shaft was brusquely wedged into her rosebud,
and with steady pressure it was lodged inches into her bowel.  Mary
grimaced inside her hood, as both her openings stretched and slowly relaxed. 
Suddenly she felt a new feeling—a burning sensation, and then a feeling
of pressure inside her abdomen.  She did not know it, but she had
been catheterized!

Once
securely hooded and plugged, she had been placed into a soft but resilient,
formfitting compartment.  When she felt it surrounding her body, she
thought of the boxes used to transport cameras and electronic equipment---dense
foam fingers, with a cutout for the item being transported.  She could
not know that she was almost exactly right!  Once her body and head
were wedged into the custom cut opening, a series of leather straps bound
at her ankles, shins, knees, thighs, waist, chest, shoulders and neck were
tightened until she was completely immobile.  Her hands fit into a
special cutout at the small of her back, and the straps kept her elbows
tightly at her sides.  Once strapped down, Mary felt the cover of
the box swing closed, and the cutout cushioning in the top mated with that
on the bottom, leaving the girl completely encased in a dense cocoon of
springy foam.  The tubes from her gag and nostrils had been screwed
into a fitting in the outside wall of the case, as had wires from the protuberances
in her ears.  The tubes leading from the two shafts wedged into her
lower orifices were attached to devices inside her case, near her feet. 
One was a collection bag, the other a pump.  Mary was, at this moment,
blithfully ignorant of these lower tubes, the equipment, or their purpose. 
Her assessment of her confinement had been accurate.  She was locked
inside a large, sturdy aluminum box.  All the corners and edges were
reinforced, and there were multiple latches and locking mechanisms. 
There were also several handles.  Mary’s confinement was so tight
that she didn’t move no matter whether the box was standing upright on
end, or laid flat, or even turned on end with her head down.  She
could however feel gravity tug at her blood, and the sensations of her
inner ear, so she knew that she had been picked up and carried, and was
now lying on her back.  If her hearing was partially muffled inside
the hood, the addition of the foam padding and the walls of the box made
the elimination of sound complete.  She did not hear the footsteps
or voices, but she felt the thump of doors slamming, and the vibration
of a vehicle under power.  They were on their way!

After
a time the vehicle stopped, she felt her case being lifted, carried, then
dropped.  She thought she felt a door slamming.  Some minutes
later another feeling of vibration, then a swooping, sickening feeling,
like a rollercoaster.  They were flying!  Time passed. 
Tightly compressed in dark silence, Mary was only aware of the fullness
in her two moist holes, and the sound of her breath whistling through her
breathing tubes.  Then, much later, she felt the jarring sensation
of landing, more vibration, being carried, another car trip, being carried
again, and finally, being stood on end.  “Well,” she thought to herself,
“I hope we have arrived.  I’m sure ready for James to unpack me from
this traveling case!”

Suddenly
there was an electronic crackle in her ears, and she heard a voice. 
It was James!  “How are you, my Dear?” he asked.  “Did you enjoy
your trip?”  There was a microphone, and she was wearing earphones! 
Mary didn’t even bother to groan or whimper, knowing that her sounds wouldn’t
escape the case.  “I find this case is a wonderful way to transport
a woman, wouldn’t you agree?” he asked.  Mary agreed, silently. 
“I’ll bet you are really looking forward to my letting you out now, for
a shower, and a nice dinner?”  Mary could hardly wait!  “Well,
when I told you that you would be with me everywhere I went for the week,
I meant it.....only......you are going to stay inside the case for the
entire time, until we return home!”  “NO!” Mary screamed into her
gag, thrashing in her bonds.  Outside the case, however, there was
no sound.  The case didn’t even wiggle from her frantic struggles! 
“You are probably wondering about nourishment and other necessary functions.”
he explained.  “The gag which seals your mouth, and keeps you nice
and quiet has a tube, which is connected to the outside of the case. 
A large syringe will inject water and a nutritious, but not very tasty
porridge.”  James laughed.  “You may lose a pound or two, which
won’t hurt, but you won’t starve, I assure you.”  “As far as waste
goes,” he continued, “ since we will control your food and water, there
won’t be all that much.  You have been catheterized, and a tube leads
to a collection bag, which can be pumped empty when necessary.  There
is also a pump attached to your back end, and we can inject a warm, soothing
mild laxative, and then pump you empty—efficient, and not at all messy.” 
Mary couldn’t believe what she was hearing!

“So
that you won’t be bored, I’ll leave the sound on all the time.”  It
was quiet for a moment, and then she heard the sound of TV.  It was
news, probably CNN.  “Well”, she thought to herself, “at least I’ll
be well informed after this week!”  She heard James’ voice over the
sound of the TV.  “We are in the hotel, in a beautiful suite. 
I wish you could see it!”  She heard him laugh.  It was a good
humored laugh, not at all sinister, or spiteful, and she relaxed a little
bit.  “The bathroom is immense, with mirrors on all the walls, and
a huge Jacuzzi in the center.  I will, unfortunately, enjoy it alone!” 
The bed is bigger than king-sized, canopied, with big fluffy pillows, and
a soft down comforter.  You will lay on the floor, right beside me.
I told you that we would be together, so I will have room service deliver
my meals here, and we will talk while eating.  I will feed you.” 
There was a minute or so of silence, then James continued.  “We spent
very little time together before being married, and you know nothing about
me.  I have a lot to tell you, I am a splendid conversationalist,
and you have nothing but time---It should be an interesting week!”

 James
soothing voice and moderate manner served to calm Mary.  She knew
that she loved him, she had no choice but to trust him, and it was no secret
that she loved bondage.  As a loving husband, and her true Master,
it was up to him to keep her stimulated and challenged.  There was
nothing worse than boring bondage!  In fact, as she listened to him,
and contemplated an entire week of stringent confinement, she felt a warming
in her loins!  “I wonder if there is a vibrator in either of my dildoes?”
she thought to herself.

 James
was true to his word.  They spent almost every moment of the week
together, including Mary traveling to several of James’ business meetings! 
What she didn’t know, was that there was another aluminum case, just like
hers, and that one really contained the electronic computer based components
that one of James’ companies manufactured.  So it was perfectly normal
to wheel the two cases into a meeting, pop one open, demonstrate the products,
replace them in the case, lock it, and leave.  No one ever noticed
that James’ had only taken samples from the one case, and they would never
have imagined that his bound, gagged, plugged and naked wife was helplessly
restrained inside the other case, only several feet away!  Mary actually
found herself becoming aroused at the idea of James saying, “Now here is
a new product that you are really going to like!”, then throwing open the
lid to her case!  She could imagine the gasps of surprise when they
saw  her large firm breasts, with their red, hard nipples, surrounded
by tight black leather straps digging into her flesh!  The delicious
vulnerability of her situation kept her horny all the time!

Back
in the hotel, James would feed and cleanse her, then eat his own dinner. 
Mary enjoyed this private time, when he would tell her of his life, his
business, his adventures, and the many things that he had in store for
his bondage wife in the future!  At bedtime he would lay her case
beside the bed, and turn up the sound so that she could hear his breathing. 
She was somehow pleased that he didn’t snore. How she wished that she was
in bed with him!  Despite her predicament, the week passed surprisingly
quickly.  She lost track of the days, and before she knew it, they
were back on the jet heading home.  After all of the lifting, banging,
vibration and motion of travel, she again felt the serenity of being placed
upright on a solid floor, helpless and secure in her tight, dark, silent
captivity.



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride08.html)

o0o
