---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Behind Closed Doors Chapter Chapter 3 - Halloween Witch
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF/f
- leather
- bond
- electroplay
- toys
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Behind Closed Doors Chapter 2 - The Ottoman**](behind_closed_doors2.html))

**Chapter 3 - Halloween Witch**

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have an apple my sweetie!  The voice seemed to come from the face of the hag like Disney witch riding her broomstick across Jane and Karen’s covered porch.

It was Halloween and they had decorated their front garden and entrance to welcome the neighborhood youngsters as they came yelling “Trick or Treat” and helped themselves to an apple from the barrel near the witch.

They would ring the bell at the door to the porch, yell, and then come in and get their treat before politely saying thank you to the two women, dressed as Snow White and Prince Charming, sitting just outside the front door to the home.

But the bell had been wired to activate the recording and it only lasted for five seconds and was driving Natasha nuts!  For Natasha was the witch and the bell was also wired to the nipple clamps, butt plug and dildo embedded inside her as she rode the broom.

She couldn’t move but she sure as hell could feel and the vibrations were not lasting long enough to bring her off.  She was completely frustrated and just wished one of the kids would lean on the doorbell and give her some release.

Dusk came early at the end of October and her two tormentors had started on the centerpiece of their display soon after lunch.  Knowing that she would be on display for most of the evening Jane had made sure that Natasha was well hydrated.

This was easily accomplished by the simple method of strapping her head to pull it over the back of a chair so that she was face up, sticking a funnel down her throat and pouring in the measured protein drink.  That done they started on her costume.

Just a little sick and tired of her whining they started with the head and worked down.  The gag was almost a jawbreaker but they were too experienced now to push the packing past the limit.  In any event Natasha was not going to be making any sound except a grunt until they decided to pull it out again.  Over the lips went tape, and more tape, and then a rubber swim cap and nostril inserts, and then more tape.

Jane was having fun trying to use up a whole roll of the stuff like a picture she had seen of a Stanton victim while still leaving Natasha’s eyes uncovered.  She managed that and then had to use another half roll when Karen held the two halves of a hard plastic throat protector in place and she wrapped them as well.

Natasha’s head was held immobile by the protector that cupped her chin and had two flanges, one that extended down between her breasts, and the other between her shoulder blades.  They forced her to face forwards with her chin up, but no matter how tight they made anything around her throat she would still be able to breathe.

Tape was tape and it did its job but the finishing touch had to be leather.  Tight, very tight, a black kid leather helmet laced just so down the back of her head and was accented with a gag strap.  Even though the visitors would see none of this, they wanted everything perfect and took their time making it so.

The corset was very heavily boned and, while it left her breasts exposed, when they had finished fitting and lacing it the boning completed the job of the throat flanges and held her upper torso rigid.   Shoulder length kid leather gloves were laced on and then they fitted narrow flat metal bars down the inside of each arm and strapped them in place.

Covering Natasha’s gloved hands with an old pair of black cotton gardening gloves they used thin, flexible wire covered with black rubber to lock her wrists and elbows together in front so that her breasts squeezed out over the top.

Working as a team they forced Natasha’s feet into the heelless ballet boots and laced them to the top of her thighs before flipping the helpless girl over on her stomach, pulling her legs wide apart, lubricating the wired butt plug and easing it none too gently inside its human sheath.

They pulled a strap from the back of the corset up between her legs where it split on either side of her vagina and buckled at the top of each hip.  Now two more V shaped metal bars were laced to the inside of Natasha’s legs bending them up.  They were joined at the knee with another foot long bar that held her legs apart.

Crossing her ankles they used more of the black wire to lock them together before taking a pair of oversized black paper mache granny boots and fitting them over their victim’s agonizingly pointed feet.  Resting her up on her knees they slid the long handle of the straw broom between them and wired her ankles to it.

The dildo, fitted to a bracket on the broom shaft, lined up with it’s destination and was pushed home as they pulled up on the end of the handle and wired her hands around it.

Jane twisted two short pieces of wire tightly around each nipple before covering each one with a heavy clamp and running the wires from them down to meet the ones from the butt plug and dildo.  A small connector plate on the broom handle was used to complete the circuit and an extension cord from it was coiled and ready.

With Natasha resting on her knees and the end of the broom handle on the back of a chair they had her at just the right angle to drape the tattered old black cloak around her shoulders.  The garment covered her completely from the neck down exposing just her hands and wrists and the granny boots to her ankles before it hung below her knees.

The rubber mask had come straight from a cheap costume store and snapped over her leather covered head turning it into the Disney witch even more so when they added a tatty long black wig and held it in place with a tall pointed black hat covered in stars and half moons.

Tying that under her chin their handiwork was ready for display and they each grabbed an end of the broom and, steadying the body on it with their other hands, carried it out to the porch.

A 3’ high pedestal was ready and they set the bar between Natasha’s knees on it then bolted the very top end of the handle to a bracket between two porch windows.  They plugged in the extension cord; made sure the cloak covered everything it was supposed to and adjusted one red and one black back lights on the figure.

Opening all the blinds they went outside and were pleased to see their very own witch seemed to be flying at them through the porch window.  The witch had her hands holding tightly to the flying broomstick and her ankles crossed over it as she rode through the sky.

The back lighting flicked on and off increasing the effect.  Before coming back in Jane pushed the button of the doorbell while Karen approached the figure and looked very closely through the smoked glass “eyes” of the mask to see Natasha’s eyes widen as the electrical circuits were completed and the hidden toys came to life.

Locking the door and turning off the lights they went to get on their own costumes for the evening and the “straight” fancy dress ball they were going to later.

Now the kids had been arriving and leaving for two hours and the apples were all gone so once again they locked the porch door, turned out the lights and left Natasha riding to nowhere on the porch while they went to the party.

Natasha was tired, she was frustrated and she was hurting from being bound so helplessly and held in the position on the broomstick. While she couldn’t move her head she could just see through the mask’s eyes and saw movement outside the porch.

One of the older kids had decided that an apple was not enough of a “treat” to stop him from providing a “trick” and so, not knowing that Jane and Karen had left, he now snuck up to the door and pushed a toothpick between the edge of the doorbell and its frame and then snapped it off.

The idea was that the occupants would not be able to stop the bell ringing until they could dig out the wedge.  But they were not home and would not return for at least two hours, Natasha was home however and the doorbell was still connected to the invaders on and in her body.

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have and apple my sweetie!

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have an apple my sweetie!

AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!

Cackle, cackle, cackle!  Have an apple my sweetie!



26.03.07

story continues in [**Behind Closed Doors Chapter 4 - Mistress's Pleasure**](behind_closed_doors4.html)

o0o
