---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/old_baldy.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Old Baldy
authors:
- Soloist
tags:
- sbm
- 'cbt: X'
date: 2002-05-01 00:00:00
---

Old
Baldy 
by Soloist

When
you are in bondage, there is no such thing as unbearable

The
man was spread eagled on his bed.  The penis vibrator with the velcro
pouch contained his cockhead while it did a slow dance.  As it had
been doing for the past three hours.

The
afternoon had started out nicely.  First he put on his hood with its
gag in place.  After setting the timers, he slowly set his bonds,
first securing his ankle cuffs to the snap hooks on the rope across the
foot of the bed.  He worked slow, savoring the mounting excitement
that went with each step.  After adjusting the nipple teasers he placed
the velcro vibrator on its guide wire and slid it down to take hold of
his throbbing cockhead.  He then connected the teasers to the battery
pack on the waist belt and threw the switch starting the timers. 
Quickly he reached his arms out to the sides and padlocked his wrist cuffs
to the chain stretched across the head of the bed.  He felt the rush
that he always felt when he snapped the lock that rendered him helpless. 
Then he remembered that he had forgotten to place the phone on the bed
in case of emergency.  It did not worry him, he never screwed up anymore.

For
the first 20 minutes the nipple teasers worked his nipples over, exciting
him still more.  Every time he moved his chest muscles, the teasers
slid just enough to add to the sensations they were producing.  He
squirmed on the bed enjoying his pleasure/torment.

At
the end of the 20 minutes, one timer started the the velcro vibrator riding
on his cockhead at a slow speed. The cock vibrator joined the nipple teasers
in producing still more pleasure/torment.  His whole body was part
of the sensation, the excitement would have been unbearable if he could
escape it.  He couldn't, so he endured.

Just
40 minutes later the second timer switched the velcro vibrator to a higher
speed, bringing him slowly to a fantastic orgasm.  The vibrator continued
working on the super sensitive cockhead, keeping his body is spasm for
for 5 minutes more.  The timer then switched the vibrator back to
the slow speed.

Then
things went wrong.  The third timer did not release the keys that
would let him free himself.  He felt a different kind of rush, not
one that he liked.  He was well and truly trapped!  All he could
do was lay there, squirming while the teasers and velcro vibrator continued
there work.  It was no longer pleasure,  just torment. 
The man writhed on the bed and fought his bonds, but it did no good. 
The hours passed.

Finally
he heard the door, his wife was home from work.  She did not know
about this playtime of his, it would take some explaining, but at last
he would be free.

She
entered the bedroom and froze.  "You bastard! You cheating bastard!",
she cried, "What happened, did your bitch screw up or just leave you like
this for me to find?".

He
tried to tell her that he had done this himself and there was no other
woman, but all that came through the gag was "mmmfff".

After
a few minutes, she recovered from the shock and walked over to the bed. 
She looked him over a while longer and finally started removing his toys. 
She removed the nipple teasers, cock vibrator, and wire guide and belts. 
But she did not release him.  She just stood staring at him. 
He felt a cold shiver run up his spine, she was really steaming. 
Then she turned around and left the room.

After
a bit she returned and knelt on the bed between his spread legs, facing
him.  He saw that she had a pair of his short needle-nosed pliers
from his shop in her hand.

A trace
of sweat appeared on his body as he tried again to speak, to explain. 
All that came out was more "mmmfff"s.

"Oh?
Let me guess, you are sooo sorry and promise never do it again. ", she
said, "Am I right? Well I promise to never do this again!".

Leaning
forward, she grasped a single pubic hair with the pliers and slowly pulled
it out.  She then proceeded to slowly pull out another.  And
another.

"I
hope she likes bald balls", she said, "And I hope it itches like all hell
if it grows back".

And
he just squirmed on the bed, tears in his eyes, unable to do anything but
make strange noises, which seemed to delight her.  Questions flashed
through his mind.  How many hairs did he have? How long would she
take?  Would she stop when she had pulled all his pubic hair, or go
on to head, armpit, and eyebrows?
