---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 20
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- Solo-F
- lingerie
- cuffs
- hood
- bfold
- gag
- toys
- insert
- MMM/f
- aphrodisiac
- bond
- susp
- 3-way
- oral
- anal
- sex
- climax
- vr
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2016-05-17 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies 19**](ensigns_fantasies19.html))

**Part 20**

The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. Though many of the narrated details did actually occur all names are fictitious and locales and dates are changed to prevent individual identification.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I snugged the VR recording helmet down on my head. I had borrowed it from my work lab for the weekend. My home computer was sufficient to handle VR but my personal equipment was nowhere near as powerful as the helmet I borrowed. With a choice of being completely naked, half naked or "dressed" as a damsel in distress, I finally opted for half naked. I started dressing with a garter belt, then pulled on fishnet stockings and clipped them in place. A pair of crotchless panties was next followed by a baby doll nighty. I stepped in front of the full length mirror to check my appearance. My boobs poked through the cutouts in the front of my nighty and my shaved crotch was readily visible. I thought, "Diana, you're a good looking lay if I do say so myself".

I continued my preparation with ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs and a waist belt, all padlocked on. The cuffs were made for suspension so that pressure would be spread over a wider area if I was put in suspension. I went to the corner and let down the hook on its winch to approximately just below where I could be suspended by my wrists. I had laid out full diagrams showing how I could be suspended by my wrists or ankles or laid in a sling on my back or belly. I hoped I would have to spend some time suspended through the day. I returned to my bedside to continue my preparations. I lubed my butt plug and pushed it up my rectum. As it registered my body warmth it expanded; it would be impossible to remove it without pressing the air release in the base.

My dildo was pushed up my vagina which was already wet and needed no further lubrication. It also automatically expanded as it sensed my body temperature. Both my dildo and my butt plug would be under control of the computer. It would use random timing for intervals and durations to run through a selection of functions. Each of them could be set to vibrate in pulses or steady, their tips could be extended and waved and they could be made to ripple up and down most of their length. I placed vibrating nipple suckers on each nipple. I sat down in my straight back chair and lifted my ankles and clipped them up off the floor to the chair rungs on either side. I inserted foam ear plugs and covered them with additional wax ear plugs. I lifted my VR helmet off.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I snugged the VR helmet down and fastened the strap under my chin. My head was now completely covered by a hood except for my mouth and nostrils. The pads inside it covered my eyes and ears. I was totally blind and deaf. I locked the hood of the collar with a padlock. I put in a gag which locked against my teeth, holding my upper and lower teeth apart with solid support to either side and a flexible membrane between the supports. A hole in the middle of the membrane would easily expand to allow passage of a penis. I bent forward and pulled a small bucket out from under my chair. I opened it and set a spoon in place to hold the lid open. I put both hands with fingers spread down in the liquid, balled my hands into fists, then withdrew them into the air. I could feel the cement drying and almost immediately could tell there was resistance to opening my hand. I waited a moment and inserted them again. As I removed them again I pushed the spoon out allowing the lid to close. I used my balled hand to push the bucket back under the chair. My hands were now useless balls and would remain that way until 24:00 hours when I could soak them in another solution to dissolve the cement. For now I was fully committed to being helpless for the next 17 hours. If I got what I wanted I would have a VR recording of a wild sex orgy while I reached orgasm after orgasm.

There was a professional purpose to the whole exercise. VR recordings of sex play had some success in relieving depression. My thesis was that the recordings currently available were too lacking in passion and I hoped VR recordings of my activity would be of much more use. I had prepared an energy drink for myself which I had laced with an aphrodisiac hoping to increase the passion for the day. I hoped I could maintain a clinical detachment. At 07:00 hours my computer would start the program that controlled the vibrators in me and on me, running random executions on and off, slow and fast, pulsing and steady. It would also display a continuous montage of sex scenes of all kinds to tittilate my friends.

At 07:00 hours my three male friends, Tommie, Jeremy and Harrison were to come in. They were three randy teenagers with raging hormones just barely legal adults. I had been a cock tease to them for months, stringing them along to this day. I had spent many nights in the rear seats of one or another of their hovercars, sometimes completely naked while they were allowed to touch but never allowed penetration. I'd often sent them home to masturbate. I had taught them how to excite me by touching my clitoris and nipples. Allowing that, it had been hard for me not to give in to them. Today they had almost unlimited license to do whatever they wanted until 22:00 hours. They could use my vagina, my rectum or my mouth as they wished. I considered that I could have gone too far in promising incentives to them. For each time they used me for sex today, I promised a reward allowing them to have sex with me again in the future.

In addition, if two of them had me at the same time their rewards were doubled. I doubted they could manage the necessary contortions, but three at a time would get triple rewards. For anything done while I was suspended they could get another two rewards. I had only placed a few limitations on them. My wrists at all times were to be locked together to my collar behind my neck or each locked to my waist belt. Or they could lock them together behind me to the waist belt. I was not to be suspended by my wrists or ankles for more than half an hour. Suspension in the sling was not to last more than one hour. I was to be given a mouthful of my energy drink once every half hour. At 22:00 hours they were to finish up anything they were doing and leave me on the bed with my legs spread and locked to the foot of the bed. Before 24:00 hours all locks could be opened with a combination of 999. At 22:00 hours the computer would turn all the vibrators on full. I would be forced to lie there like that until 24:00 hours when the time locks would all open.

My reverie ended abruptly when I fel thands on my breasts. It was too late for any second thoughts. I felt my wrists lifted behind my head and locked to my collar. A hand behind my head pushed my head down and forward and a penis pushed through my gag. In just a moment my mouth seemed filled with a gush of semen. There was so much I had to swallow quickly. It didn't taste bad at all, just warm and salty. I straightened up but my head was pulled down again and another penis started pumping all the way into my throat. Most of his semen seemed to trickle down my throat before I could swallow. A third penis followed the others in short order and I had a beery tasting mouthful of semen to swallow. I was allowed to sit back after the third one. It seemed I would have no problem maintaining a clinical detachment. I had barely realized the vibrators on my breasts had started pulsing while my mouth was full, but now the vibrator in my vagina went on full speed. There was nothing I could do but sit and take it and wait for whatever was coming next while I wondered if teenagers could truly recover in 20 minutes. To help some with that I had stocked my refrigerator with soft drinks for them with an aphrodisiac mixed in.

The vibrators cycled through several cycles while I sat there. I did not have a good sense of time with my sensory deprivation but the beery semen taste in my mouth reminded me that I had missed my energy drink. I felt my ankles being released and hands on my shoulders urged me to stand. Blindfolded with my wrists locked behind my head and in high heels I started to stumble but somebody steadied me with their hands at my waist. They guided me over to the winch, unlocked my wrists, relocked them in front, then raised them up over my head and fastened them to the winch chain. The winch pulled me up and my feet were lifted clear of the floor. I knew what would happen next when I felt the dildo pulled down out of my vagina. A leg was pushed between my knees to spread my legs and I felt a penis brush my vagina. I felt someone behind me deflate my butt plug and remove it.

As one penis pushed into my vagina, another was pushed up my rectum. One pair of hands held my breasts while a second pair held my buttocks. It felt rather pleasant being stuffed so full front and back especially as they both began pumping in and out. I had hoped that being penetrated front and back at the same time would be pleasurable. I was delighted at the feeling of being stuffed full and having two penises thrusting together in me but it was even more delightful when they were alternating with one thrusting as the other withdrew. I could feel the sensations in my vagina building and knew an orgasm was imminent. I thought it was a lovely feeling as a hard thrust in my anus was followed by semen squirting in me. Then I felt the same hard thrust in my vagina and the squirt of more semen in me. As I felt their penises withdraw, I tried to squeeze the one in my vagina to hold it. I was so close to an orgasm I wanted to scream at them to stay in me. I was frustrated as I felt my butt plug being replaced and inflating and I couldn't do anything but hang there swinging in the air.

A leg between my knees pushed my legs apart again and another penis pushed into my vagina. I wanted it so much. Clinical detachment be damned! I wanted to be well and truly fucked. It was so much better than I'd ever experienced with a dildo. I tried to lift my legs around my partner's waist to get his penis in further but all I could manage was to get my ankles behind his legs. The delightful sensations were spreading out from my vagina. My whole world was my vagina and the penis pushing in it. Suddenly my whole body was suffused with that glorious feeling as my vagina seemed to explode and spread the delight up and down. My nipples felt like they would burst. The sensations seemed to go on and on.

When my brain finally seemed to work again, I wondered why there was somebody still pumping their penis in me. I thought it felt nice but there didn't seem to be any further purpose to it. Shortly he was cumming in me but it seemed like it was happening to someone else. The penis slipped out and I felt the dildo being pushed back into my vagina. I really wanted another penis but nobody asked what I wanted. The winch chain was let down but I couldn't do anything with my legs and just slumped down continuing to hang by my wrists. I was lifted by my arms and freed from the chain. Someone picked up my legs and I was carried over and laid on the bed. My wrists were undone and locked by my waist. I felt somebody probing at my mouth and I wondered how they could be ready so soon for fellatio. I felt a trickle of liquid in my mouth and realized it was my energy drink. I roused enough to get a good mouthful. I felt the nipple suckers being replaced, they must have been forced loose during body contact. I was left alone and I assumed the boys were checking out the snacks I had stocked in the kitchen for them. I realized the drink I had been given was the 07:30 drink. That meant I had been used six times in the first half hour.

I already owed them sex six times but two of them had double teamed to be rewarded double and three of them did it while I was suspended. My brain was still too fuzzy for me to do the arithmetic and I gave up. My vibrators were still dancing inside me but it still seemed to be somebody else's body. I slipped away into a doze. I felt someone at my mouth again. I was given a mouthful of my energy drink and I wondered how much effect the aphrodisiac would have on me. I thought I could feel sort of an itch in my vagina, but I wasn't sure of its cause. Someone knelt over me straddling my shoulders and pushed their penis in my mouth. They only took a few strokes before withdrawing. The dildo in my vagina was pulled out. I was turned on my side and felt my butt plug pulled out. I felt two of the boys lie one in front of me and one behind. My leg was lifted up over the legs in front of me. Then a penis was pushed up my vagina and another up my rectum. They had barely started pumping when I felt another penis push into my mouth. They were going for triple rewards and I had no choice but to accept a penis in every orifice.

Whoever was in my mouth finished first leaving me with a mouthful of semen that tasted like the drinks I’d put out for them. I had to wonder if I might get more aphrodisiac in a residual form from the semen. I hoped it wouldn’t matter. I was already well aroused and I didn’t feel I needed any more stimulation. The two in my vagina and rectum ejaculated in me shortly. I was left alone for a bit wondering if they had forgotten to put my plugs back in.

I was turned on my stomach and my legs were pushed apart. Someone’s penis penetrated my rectum. Whoever it was had an erection but didn’t seem disposed to do anything more than stuff it in me. I kept still for a while hoping for some action. I grew impatient waiting for something more to happen and finally tried wriggling against the penetration. I had limited ability to move to gain any satisfaction. My hips were pulled up so I was on my knees which caused the penis to slip out. In a moment it was replaced and I found I could move my hips enough to cause it to thrust in and out. I was pleasantly surprised that anal sex could cause me to have an orgasm. I had thought I would be depending on my dildo for most of my pleasure, but I was kept on my knees with my head down for quite a while. There were only moments when my rectum was not being penetrated by a thrusting penis. The boys took me anally one after another continually until I lost count. The three of them must have used my rectum at least a dozen times while they kept me in that position. It had to be really sloppy by the time they finally stopped. I suspect my rectum stayed open for some time after they ceased having anal sex. I was a little concerned that I didn’t feel stretched there anymore. But I had liked it and I thought I had felt a couple of mini orgasms.

They got me up after that and walked me over to the winch. I was put down on the floor on my back. They fitted a spreader bar between my ankles; then fastened my wrist cuffs to my ankle cuffs. Apparently I was hoisted to a good position because the three of them used my vagina two or three times each before I was let down.

Back on the bed I was placed face down and one of them was back in my rectum. I was getting somewhat alarmed that they could have repeat sex so soon with me. I had assumed that I would have some respite as they rested between bouts of sex. I had thought I would depend on my dildo and butt plug to keep me aroused between sex activities. Instead I was constantly being penetrated in all orifices by one penis after another. I was slightly worried that I might be subjected to enough sex to be hurt. But of even more concern was that I wanted it to continue and I felt the ache between my legs would only be satisfied as I was relentlessly used over and over.

I enjoyed several good orgasms as they hit just the right spots in my vagina. I had nothing to complain about but the best happened while I was suspended by my wide spread ankles. While I hung upside down with my mouth used for fellatio someone used their tongue to lick at my labia. When they got to my clitoris it felt wonderful. It only took a few licks and my whole body spasmed with a massive orgasm.

I must have become unconscious as I woke to find myself lying on my back on the floor with my legs up in the air still bound by the ankles to the winch. Someone was holding my breasts together while thrusting his penis back and forth between them. Eventually I had my neck and chest bathed in semen. By this time I didn’t feel it mattered very much. I knew I had dry semen all over. What the boys carelessly dripped on me didn’t come close to matching what dripped out between my legs.

My legs were loosed and I was put back on the bed. My bedsheets were thoroughly wet from semen dripping and probably some vaginal discharge. I could feel that some of it was already crusty. Being helpless in my bonds and unable to hear or see I had no ability to track the time of day. I had no idea of how many times I had been penetrated. I had thought that I could track the time by the times I was given liquid but I had long lost count of that and couldn’t be sure of the timing.

Eventually I realized I had been left alone. I was lying on my back on the bed with my wrists clipped to my belt and my ankles fastened to the bed. It had to be 22:00 hours and I’d been left alone as I had directed to wait two more hours until my locks were released. I felt some relief that my day of constant sex was over but I was soon reminded that my dildo and my butt plug were still in place and they tormented me thoroughly through the next two hours. I’d had enough sex such that my plugs were more irritation than pleasure. They were able to push me through a couple of minor orgasms but I really wanted to get loose.

Finally I felt the locks release. I was able to shift off my bed and stand up. I started to make my way to the kitchen to get the solvent to release my hands. It was not an easy passage. In standing my plugs seemed to have moved to more sensitive positions. I was probably half way when an orgasm brought me to my knees. I got up again and had reached the kitchen cabinet holding the solvent when another one hit. I found myself lying disoriented on the floor. I had to crawl to the cabinet. Being still without sight I crawled until I ran into the kitchen chair. I turned around and was successful to reach the cabinet I needed. Of course something had to go wrong because I had overlooked it. With my hands put into useless balls I could not grasp the cabinet pull. Luckily my sandals had an edge that I could use to manage the pull. I laid on my back and was able get the cabinet open. I dipped my right hand in the solvent and in a few minutes had the use of my fingers. Reaching between my legs I was able to deflate both plugs and get them out. Then I got my left hand in the solvent and freed. I laid back on the kitchen floor just to relax for a moment. That was how I found myself the next morning.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=40.0)
