---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Mouth Full
authors:
- Rubber Ballet
tags:
- F/f
- latex
- catsuit
- corset
- bond
- toys
- machine
- insert
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2010-02-04 00:00:00
---

"Jackie"

"Mmmmmm" Mumbled Jackie.

"JACKIE !"

Suzie pulled her hand away from Jackie's wet, throbbing pussy.

"Arrgghhhhhhh." Screamed Jackie. "I was about to cum !"

"Yes, and you were ignoring me" retorted Suzie.

Jackie fidgeted in her latex straight jacket, trying in vain to release a hand so she could bring herself to climax. It was, however, a futile exercise. The latex straight jacket was made from very thick latex, and the straps holding her arms in place were tied off very securely.

"When you were dating men.." started Suzie.

"I think dating is a strong word. Getting laid by would be better" Jackie continued to struggle, trying to find some way to release her now rapidly fading, ruined orgasm.

"When you were getting laid by men..."

"I think man is an over exageration too. Boys would be better"

Suzie sighed.

"If you interrupt me again, I won't let you have this orgasm that you're gagging to have. Now, when you were getting laid by boys, did you ever do deep throat ?"

"I certainly gave blow jobs, and I s'ppose you can call some of them deep-ish, but I certainly wasn't in the same league as porn actresses. Why ?" Jackie was puzzled. Why would her girlfriend ask her if she could deep throat ?

"I have a task for you." Suzie picked up her laptop and placed it on Jackie's lap. The waft of air across Jackie's crotch as the laptop came down made Jackie moan.

Suzie clicked a few buttons, and a video started playing. It was of a women deep-throating a man.

"You know that double ended dildo we use ? I want you to practise deep-throating with that. I want you to get it down as far as that women is getting that blokes penis down her throat. I want to see your throat bulging."

"That's gonna take some work." replied Jackie. "And that double ended dildo isn't small either"

"I want you to be deep throating within a month. You should practise every day. I suggest before every meal, and again before bed."

"Why ?" asked Jackie.

"Don't worry your pretty little head over that. You just get to being able to have that dildo down your throat within a month. Do you want me to let you finish that orgasm ?"

"Oh please...."

"Good. I'll finish this orgasm for you, then you can start training right away"

"What, just the one orgasm ?" Wailed Jackie.

"You can start without any orgasms, if you'd rather !"

Jackie sheepishly shock her head. Suzie removed the computer from Jackie's lap, and set to work bringing Jackie to climax.

After Jackie had climaxed, Suzie released Jackie's arms, and went to the bedroom, returning with the double ended dildo. She handed it to Jackie, and Jackie gingerly took it into her mouth. The "boys" she used to give head to were certainly smaller than this dildo, she thought.

Jackie gently pushed the dildo into her mouth, then rapidly pulled it out as her gag reflex hit.

"That's not very far" said a disgruntled Suzie.

"And when was the last time I needed to give a bloke head ?" Asked a somewhat perturbed Jackie. "Come to think of it, have you ever given a bloke head ?"

Suzie ignored Jackie's outburst.

Jackie pushed the dildo back into her mouth and tried to relax. This time she got it a bit further.

"Good" soothed Suzie.

Over the next few weeks, Jackie religously practised deep-throating with the dildo. She soon had it hitting the back of her throat, and she slowly worked it further down her throat. As she progressed, she had to learn to hold her breath whilst doing it, as the dildo prevented her from breathing.

Finally, Jackie managed to take the dildo to Suzie's satisfaction. Jackie could push the dildo down her throat, and Suzie could see Jackie's throat bulge as the dildo went down Jackie's wind pipe.

"That's excellent." Said Suzie upon seeing Jackie's throat bulge. "This weekend, I have a \*very\* special treat lined up for you. However, on Friday, you must only take liquids, and last thing before bed on Friday, clean yourself out"

Over the previous weeks, Jackie had asked what was in store for her, but Suzie had always ignored the question. Saturday morning, Jackie was going to find out.

On Friday Jackie followed Suzie's instructions, and only took liquids. Even before the clean out, Jackie was feeling hungry from lack of proper food. "Afterwards", she thought, "I'll be famished". Sure enough, after the clean out, her stomach was rumbling.

"Time for bed" said Suzie, as Jackie's tummy rumbled for the umpteenth time that evening. "You're going to need a good nights rest for tomorrow"

The girls went to bed, Jackie thinking until she fell asleep about what could be happening the next day.

Jackie woke to the sound of her tummy rumbling. Suzie was already up, pottering abound.

"Good morning" beamed Suzie. " Go and have a wee and then change your skinsuit. I've got a fresh outfit for you"

Jackie tip-toed to the bathroom. (She couldn't walk without heels. She hadn't worn a shoe with a heel less than four inches in months) She made her way back to the bedroom where Suzie helped her change into a fresh skin-suit.

"First, I have a new corset for you. It's a little snug, but I'm sure you'll enjoy it."

Suzie picked up the corset and wrapped it round Jackie's torso.

"This is a long corset" commented Jackie as Suzie did up the front busks. It reached from her hips up and over her breasts. With the busks fastened, Suzie set to work on the lacing. Slowly, the corset tightened around Jackie. Jackie could tell from the shape that it had been custom made for her; the corset's waist already had an hour-glass outline to it.

After a few minutes Suzie stopped. "I need a break before finishing that off. Let's get you started into your catsuit"

"More lacing ?" Thought Jackie. She already thought this was tighter than her usual corsets. The extra length wasn't helping either.

Suzie handed Jackie a swim cap, which Jackie pulled over her head and stuffed her long hair into. Suzie snapped the chin strap in place and set to work pulling the thick black rubber catsuit over Jackie's feet and legs. The thick rubber gave way very little, and it was hard work for Suzie to get it onto Jackie's body. Finally Suzie got it to the top of Jackie's legs.

"OK, let's finish this corset, then we can finish the catsuit" It was at times like this that Suzie regretted being the dominant one in the relationship. But she knew her reward was soon to come.

After Suzie had finished with the corset, Jackie had been reduced to almost panting in her new corset. Suzie took a step back for a moment, to admire her handy work.

"Mmmm. That looks good on you. Let's get this catsuit finished off"

Suzie got back to work, slowly rolling the catsuit up Jackie's body. Finally, she pulled the zip up the back, sealing Jackie into her rubber outfit, leaving just her head exposed.

"Right, into the spare room" Said Suzie.

The two girls walked (well, Jackie tip-toed) to the spare room. As they entered, Jackie spied a new chair in the middle of the room. (Their spare room was more a fetish/bondage room, then a sleeping room)

"Sit down in the chair" said Suzie, pointing to the new chair.

Jackie tip-toed over and got onto the new chair. It was something like a dentists chair, the way it held the body at an angle. At the bottom of the chair, were two supports for Jackie to place her legs. As Jackie settled into the chair, she noticed how comfortable it was.

"Comfy ?" Asked Suzie.

Jackie just smiled back.

Suzie picked up some tubing from a small table on the side. She handed Jackie one piece.

"Listen carefully. This first tube, you need to swallow one end so that it goes into your stomach. Don't swallow the entire thing ! Keep hold of one end of it."

Jackie took one end of the tube and pushed it into her mouth. The dildo training had all but eliminated her gag reflex, so it was easy for her to push it down her throat and then swallow it. Once completed, she looked up at Suzie.

"OK, these next two tubes, I want you to put one tube up each nostril, and snort them down. These must go towards your lungs."

Jackie was a bit more apprehensive about this, but with some encouragement from Suzie, she inserted the first tube up her nose. She felt it go up her nose, and she could feel it then sliding down her throat. Once she'd done the first, the second went it quicker and easier.

"Good girl. Now, I'm going to gently blow down your stomach pipe. Nod if you can feel the air going into your stomach." Suzie put the end of the first tube to her lips and gently blew down it. Jackie nodded as she felt the air enter her stomach.

"OK. Now, I'm going to hold your mouth and nostrils shut. You should be able to breath through those other tubes." Suzie cupped a hand over Jackie's mouth, also closing her nostrils. It felt strange to Jackie, to feel her nose and mouth held closed, yet still able to breath. Suzie held her hand in place for a few minutes, before releasing it.

"OK?" She asked Jackie.

Jackie nodded.

Suzie picked up what at first, looked like a dildo. However, it's centre must have been hollow, as Suzie threaded it over the first tube. She pushed it along the tube until it got to Jackie's lips.

"Take the dildo, and push it all the way into your mouth and down your throat. Your lips must cover the end of the dildo, so only the tube exits your mouth."

Jackie took the dildo and pushed it slowly into her mouth. Jackie quickly worked out why the two nose tubes were needed. The dildo blocked her throat and would have prevented her from breathing. However, Jackie was able to breath normally through the two nose tubes. With a little bit of work, Jackie pushed the dildo down far enough so she could close her lips over the end.

Suzie smiled.

"OK ?" Asked Suzie.

Jackie nodded.

"I hope you enjoy the rest of the experience."

Suzie turned, and picked up a thick latex hood. It had three small holes in it's front. Suzie threaded the three tubes through the holes and then pulled the hood over Jackie's head. Jackie could see nothing. The thick hood also severly muffled Jackie's sense of hearing. Jackie felt Suzie zip closed the hood.

For a minute or two, Jackie just lay there, in her rubber world. She then felt her hands being tied to the arms of the chair. Next, she felt her feet being attended to. At first she couldn't work out what was happening. Then she realised: Ballet foot stretchers were being applied mercylessly to her feet.

Once Suzie had finished with Jackie's feet, she opened Jackie's crotch zip. Jackie could feel the cool air around her pussy and arse. Jackie flinched as she felt the cold lube being applied to her anus and pussy.

Jackie flinched again as the first toy was slowly pushed into her arse. It took Suzie a few goes to get Jackie's arse to take the toy (it was about the limit that Jackie could take) but eventually it was all in, filling and stretching Jackie's rear hole.

Next was the pussy dildo. This went in much easier than the arse dildo, although Suzie still had to take it slowly as it was much bigger than anything Jackie had taken before. With the dildo buried deep inside Jackie's pussy, Suzie took a step back to admire her handywork.

As Suzie admired her work, Jackie lay thinking about her situation, All three of her holes were filled to the max. The arse and cunt dildos were rubbing tightly against each other inside her.

Jackie didn't know how long she had laid there for, but after a while, she felt Suzie's hands rubbing her breasts. The gentle massage and nipple play soon had Jackie getting aroused. If she could have done, she probably would have moaned gently.

Suzie turned her attention to the dildo in Jackie's pussy. She played with it very gently, until she determined that Jackie was fully aroused and her juices were lubricating the dildo.

At this stage, Jackie was enjoying her bondage ordeal.

Then she felt the pussy dildo move more forceably. Much more forceably.

"Oh no", thought Jackie. "She's attached that pussy dildo to a fucking machine" Jackie was right. Suzie had. Suzie was slowly turning up the controls, until the dildo was working it's full length in and out of Jackie. Jackie's mind started to go. She loved the fucking machine, but the intensity of it always gave her mind blowing orgasms.

The orgasm started to build. As it did, Jackie's body started to tense and arch. However, her bonds and her tight corset stopped most movement. The inability to move her body just increased the build up to the orgasm, making it last much longer.

Finally, Jackie came. The orgasm exploded through her body. Nothing she could do would stop that dildo pounding in and out of her pussy. It's relentlesness intensifying the orgasm even more. As the orgasm died away, Jackie's mental capacity started to fade. Before, she could have thought about Suzie, the situation she was in, and so on, Now, all she could think about was orgasms. It was the only thing her mind was capable of comprehending. But it wasn't to last long. The next orgasm came and Jackie turned into a zombie. With the second orgasm, she could control her inner muscles slightly in the build up to the orgasm. After the second one, she lost it. She couldn't do anything, or think anything.

Her mind had gone.

If it hadn't have gone, she would have noticed the machine stop after the third orgasm. Slowly, she drifted off into unconciousness.

When she came back round, it took her a few seconds to remember what was going on. As she lay there, her stomach rumbled.

"Oh I wish I could eat" she thought to herself, having not taken solids for over a day. (She had no idea of time in her private rubber world) Her wish was soon answered, as she felt something enter her stomach. It must have gone in via the mouth tube, she thought.

Shortly afterwards, the fucking machine started up again. Soon, Jackie was back in her post-orgasmic zombie state of mind.

Jackie had no idea of the passage of time. She had no idea of the number of orgasms she had. She just lay there, helpless in the receipt of almost continual pleasure.

After coming round for, heck, who knows how many times, she lay there and heard a voice. It was Suzie telling her to close her eyes. Jackie obliged, and she felt the hood being removed from her head.

Jackie blinked as her eyes adjusted to the light, having been in darkness for who knows how long. Suzie untied Jackie's hands from the arms of the chair.

"You can remove the mouth dildo and the three tubes" Suzie said. It took a while for those instructions to sink in. Jackie tried to raise a hand to her mouth, but she had no energy. Suzie reached into Jackie's mouth and pulled out the dildo and mouth tube. She then pulled the two tubes out of Jackie's nostrils.

Jackie barely moved during this. Suzie then removed the two dildos from Jackie, and released her feet from the foot benders.

Jackie still didn't move. She just lay there, her eyes following Suzie round the room, but no apparent intelligence behind them.

After a while, Jackie's mind started to return. She rolled her head over to one side. She glanced a clock. 12:15 it said. She struggled to form words, but finally she managed to speak.

"Have I been here for nearly three hours" Jackie asked.

"No dearest. It's quarter past midnight." Said Suzie, as she gave Jackie a peck on the check.

Pausing for a minute, Jackie finally replied.

"So I've been here all day ?" she asked, realising why she was so shagged out.

"No. It's quarter past midnight, and it's now Monday. Happy birthday"
