---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Gina’s Flight into Reality
authors:
- Sir James
tags:
- Sbf
- suspension
- F/f
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2005-04-12 00:00:00
---

Gina's Flight into Reality by Sir James
**Updated & Authorised version of this story**

Gina stood in front of the mirror, turning from side to side admiring
the curve of her breasts, the flatness of her belly and the fullness of
her figure.  "All most perfect", she remarked to herself.  "Not
an ounce of excess weight".  As she continued to look in the mirror
she thought of the plans she had made for this special day.  She wondered
what people would think if they knew what she liked to do in her private
life and what she was going to do this day.

She moved through the house quietly so as not to wake her roommate,
Mona.  She placed the note on the kitchen table.  It read simply,
"have gone to the desert to try a new self bondage device.  If I don't,
call you by 6 p.m. go to castle rock in Joshua Tree National Park. 
You'll find a map as to where I am under a rock against the signpost. 
If you leave early you'll still not get to me before 6 p.m., and if you
wait it will be some time after midnight, so take your pick, but I prefer
that you wait".

It had taken her several trips to the desert to find the ideal place. 
Once found, she started making her plans.  She had to purchase 250
feet of rope, a plastic 55 gal drum, a rope adjustable friction pulley
and a long pole.  The latter item being what they call a "shave pole". 
She had found that these poles were readily available through lumberyards,
as they are what is left over when you shave wood for veneer on plywood. 
She had tested the pole in the garage by hanging the barrel filled with
water from it for hours.  It stood the test well.

Gina got into her car and quietly, as possible, drove away from the
house.  It took her a little over 3 hours to reach her destination
after stopping to leave the map, as written in her note and pick up the
barrel.  She had left the plastic barrel with an icehouse near Palm
Dessert with instructions to fill it 40 percent with water and then freeze
it solid.

She got out of the car and viewed her destination.  After walking
but a few dozen feet she rounded a boulder and raised her sight to see
the small opening between to cliffs about 225 feet from where she stood. 
The opening was no more that 5 feet across, perfect for her pole. 
She had already prepared slots on each side for her pole so it would be
a simple matter of sliding it across and into the slot from one side. 
That was the easy part.  The hard part was climbing up with the pulley,
pole, end of the rope and her other items.  She looked around to see
if any one was about or could see her, or the cliffs from the road. 
Gina knew that you could see about 25 percent of the top of the cliffs
from a distance up the road, but was part of the idealness of the location,
the remote chance of discovery and being totally vulnerable. The area was
totally hidden from close direct view.  She returned to her car and
drove it off the road and around behind the boulder so it was hidden as
well.  She took a stick and wiped out her tire marks as best she could. 
Now it was time to prepare and then the climb.

Gina had to work hard to get the frozen barrel out of the trunk and
by the time she finished she was sweating from the 90+ heat of the late
morning.  Next she removed a square board from her car and placed
a scale on it; exact weight was important.  She weights herself, discarding
all clothing and shoes to insure a correct weight.  She weighted exactly
115 pounds.  Quickly dressing she moved the barrel onto the scales. 
It weighted exactly 30 pounds.  Gina remembered that the barrel without
the ice weighted 10 pounds; including straps and hooks as she weighted
it before taking it to the icehouse.  The only reason for the ice
was to prolong the coming ordeal.

She placed the barrel directly in the middle of the towering opening
and carefully attached the rope to the metal ring in the center that held
the four metal straps together.  She almost laughed as she remembered
the curious looks when she took the barrel to the workshop and asked them
to bend and weld the straps around the barrel and to the ring.  She
double-checked her knots in the rope to make sure they were tight and correct;
as her life depended on the knots holding.  Now for the final item,
the total weight of the barrel. Gina removed bags of small lead fish weights
from the trunk of her car.  Weighting each bag and writing it down
she kept pouring them into the top of the barrel until her total reached,
including the barrel's 30 pounds, a total of 134 pounds 8 ounces. 
This left a difference of 20 pounds 8 ounces difference between the barrels
weight and hers.  This meant that almost all the ice had to melt before
anything happened.  She had computed that this should take about 3
hours.

Gina took the other end of the coiled rope, her pole and other items
and started the slow climb to the top.  She had to stop several times
to catch her breath because of the climb and the heat.  She looked
at her watch as she reached to top.  It had been just 4 hours since
leaving, right on schedule.  She rested for about 10 minutes, drank
some water and eat an energy bar.  Waiting she drank more water. 
She didn't want to get dehydrated during the hours to come.

She took a short length of rope from her pack and used it to tie the
friction pulley to the center of the pole.  Then she adjusted the
setting on the pulley so her decent after much of the ice had melted would
be at a rate of about 1 foot per minute. She computed at after the 3 hours
of melt time it would take her another 125 minutes or 2 hours to reach
the ground and free herself. A total of 5 hours and 5 minutes of suspension.
Again she double-checked the knots to make sure they were correct and tight. 
Next she pulled the long rope through the pulley and attached it to a small
metal bar and rechecked the friction lock.  Attached to the bar were
two leather cuffs, double ringed and double stitched for strength. 
They were attached so she could reach one or the other with her other hand. 
This would allow her to release herself when she stood on solid ground. 
The cuffs were thickly lined with soft foam to prevent the cutting off
of blood flow to the hands and to protect nerve along the wrist to the
hand.  Like everything else she had tested it in the garage to make
sure that they would hold her weight.  Next she moved the pole carefully
across the gap and lodged it in place on both side.  She made sure
that the cuffs stayed on the ground next to her. She smiled because she
had computed the length of rope almost right and she had about 5 feet of
rope pulled through the pulley.

Again she rested, checked her watch and drank large amounts of water. 
Standing up she removed her clothing and stood in the warm sun stretching
her arms to the sky.  Soon, she thought, they will really be stretched
toward the sky.  She tossed her cloths off the cliff and watched them
go down until they hit ground near her ice barrel. She took another short
rope, a gag and a blindfold out of her pack.  Picking up the cuffs,
with the short metal pole and rope, she moved down toward a small flat
shelf overlooking the opening between the two cliffs.  Once there,
she realized that she was breathing heavily and was becoming highly aroused. 
She waited a few minutes, checked the time and computed the time she had
allowed for the ice to melt.  At home it had taken 10 hours, but that
was neither as hot nor in the sun.  Here she had computed that it
would take about 3 hours from now for the ice to melt and two additional
hours for her slow decent to the ground and free around 4:30 PM, just time
to reach a phone to call her roommate, Mona.

With all her thoughts in order Gina tied her ankles together with the
short length of rope.  She placed the gag firmly in her mouth and
slipped her wrists into the cuffs.  She tested the cuffs a few times
and took a few deep breaths.  Finally she lowered the blindfold over
her eyes.  She stood for a second, her naked body reflecting the sunlight. 
She then bent her knees until the rope pulled tight.  She jerked on
the rope several times to assure herself that there wasn't any give; there
was none.  She had her feet on the edge of the ledge; lifting them
she swung out over the opening, over 125 feet in the air. Suspended by
her wrists there was only one way she could escape, the ice had to melt
and drain out the hole in the bottom of the barrel.  She hung there
for several minutes taking in the full status she had placed herself in. 
She thought about the ice not melting for days rather than hours, her room
mate not finding the map, a stranger finding the map and keeping her captive,
and many more thoughts, which led her to sexual arousal and climax.

After a time she thought that she could start herself swinging until
her feet could land on the ledge and she could escape all this since it
would several hours before she actually started going down.  This
thought dampened her arousal for a time; then she decided to try just that. 
She started swinging back and forth until she could feel the sides of the
cliff and the ledge against her feet and legs.  She lifted her feet
and tried to land on the edge; each time her weight would pull her off
the edge.

YES, SHE HAD PLANNED IT WELL!  SHE WAS HELPLESS, TIED, SUSPENDED,
NAKED, ALMOST TOTALLY HIDDEN FROM VIEW, TOTALLY ALONE AND IN THE MIDDLE
OF A DESERT!

These thoughts resulted in an additional heat and arousal.

As time passed she though she could feel the rope lower, but only an
inch or two.  The hot sun baked her skin and she drifted into unconsciousness
from time to time.  Her arms and hands ached.  She thought that
next time she would make the time shorter and then she would discard the
thought, as that would eliminate the risk and mystery of the entire event. 
Maybe next time she'll do it at night with less ice or leave her car visible
for the road, just a little.  She would have to put a box of condoms
in a pouch around her neck if she did that.  The thought of discovery
brought renewed arousal to her and she realized that she needed to piss. 
OH, God!  I forgot about this and let it go;  She tried to arch
her body and open her legs to let it go.  She partly succeeds. 
She could hear the first drops strike the ground after what seemed like
an eternity.  The sound caused her to shudder with a sudden climax
as the sound gave her a reference as to how high in the air she was. 
It seemed like she was still 125 feet in the air, but she knew that wasn't
true.  She tried to urge a few more drops and after a period of time
she did so.  She counted as they fell and after counting to 12-100
they struck the ground.  Oh, God! she thought; I'm still at the top. 
How much time has gone by? Is the pulley stuck?  Panic came first
and then arousal because of her total helplessness.

Gina drifted from wild thoughts to arousal to hearing sounds that meant
discovery.  With each one she reacts at first and then returns to
a semi-sleep state and hangs quietly waiting for her feet to touch the
ground.  Something touched her foot!  Is it the Ground? Someone
who has discovered her?  Is it Mona, her roommate?  She touched
it again and inwardly laughed.  It was the barrel!  She was exactly
half way down and her system was working correctly.  She tried to
place her feet on top of the barrel to rest for a few minutes, but bending
her knees to do so caused the barrel to rise higher so she couldn't. 
The barrel touched her legs, it was very cold, but felt good against her
hot skin.  Knowing that the system was working, but at an unknown
rate, Gina relaxed and drifted from being awake to dozing off for periods
of time.  The sound of something striking the ground sharpened her
senses.  It took time but she realized that it was the last of the
melting ice dripping down.  She thought for a moment and then bent
her head backwards.  She twisted around and finally a drop of water
struck her forehead.  It was cold and refreshing; this was an added
bonus that she hadn't foreseen.  From time to time she would check
to see that it was still dripping.  Again she drifted into a relaxed
semi-sleep.

Suddenly she felt a hand on her breast!  She jumped and jerked
in her bondage and fear griped her body.  She tried to stretch to
touch the ground, but couldn't.  She waited for the voice of her roommate,
but it didn't come.  She waited for another touch, but it didn't come. 
She twisted in her ropes attempting to dislodge her blindfold so she could
see.  All failed and she soon relaxed and hung, still waiting for
whatever was to happen next.  Thoughts of being made captive, sexually
used and abused by many men, raced through her head.  Each in its
turn caused her to become increasingly aroused.  She could feel the
wetness of her pubic hair against the inside of her legs.  She thought
of her juices running down her leg and dripping to the ground or the open
mouth of a future abuser who had touched her breast.  Gina inwardly
moaned from the arousal that the thoughts generated.

Slowly the thoughts passed and she again relaxed.  Just as she
was about to drift off again the hand again touched her breast and then
her damp pubic area.  Again she tried to touch the ground, nothing. 
This happened several more times.  Each time it brought a flood of
thoughts to her mind.  Each thought drove her to higher and higher
levels of arousal until she hoped and prayed that who ever was touching
her and possibly his friends would swing her over to the edge and use her
or wait until she was almost down to the ground and then take her captive
and use her.  She moaned with the thoughts, suddenly, she felt dirt
against her foot.

SHE HAD DONE IT!  SHE HAD CREATED A FULL SUSPENSION SELF-BONDAGE
CREATION THAT LASTED FOR HOURS.  GOD! HOW GOOD IT FEELS.

She was already planning her next adventure when the blindfold was removed
and she saw her roommate smiling at her.  It was late in the afternoon
from the shadows; Gina computed in her mind.  She asked the time and
was told that it was a little after 6 p.m.  Mona raised a bottle of
water to her lips after removing the gag.  Gina was still not fully
on the ground, she needed a few more inches before she could release the
cuffs.  She drank the water in large gulps, suddenly realizing that
she hadn't had any water for almost 6 hours.

Her roommate smiled and then stated laughing, that she had been awake
this morning and had arrived while Gina was making the climb.  She
had been here almost the entire day, except to drive down the road for
lunch and then a snack later in the afternoon.  Again she gave Gina
water and smiled.  Gina wondered why she was smiling so much. 
She saw her glance upward several times.  She though that she was
checking to see when Gina could release herself, but she was looking higher!

Gina looked up toward the top, slowly her eyes focused.  First
a few ledges from which she could be touched and finally at the top. 
She saw nothing but her rope and barrel at first.  NO! there's a second
rope!  My God, what was she going to do, Gina thought; how did she
get the rope up there?  Gina's eyes raced around the clearing and
came to rest on Mona's vehicle.  It was a Jeep with a winch attached
to the front; where did she get it and when?  Dozens of questions
raced through Gina's mind. As if reading her thoughts her roommate took
a short rope and quickly separated the cuffs so Gina couldn't release herself
if she was on the ground. As she did so she told Gina, "I attached a rope
to the barrel ring before it left the ground since I was here while you
were climbing up".  With this statement she moved to the winch on
the Jeep and released the handle.  The winch whined as the small rope
began to wind around the winches drum.  Gina found herself pulled
upward until the barrel struck the jeep's bumper.

God! She thought I'm over one hundred feet in the air again!  Before
she could think to much, she heard her roommate shouting up at her. 
"Its about dinner time.  I'm going to dinner up the road.  I'll
be back in about an hour.  If I see some good looking hunks I may
just bring them back here so we can all play with you.  I'll bring
you some food; I don't want you to starve.  Just so you can see I'm
going to leave a light shining upward.  I want to see how far away
I can see the light and maybe you".  Laughing, Mona left the light 
"Isn't it great that it's Saturday; Monday's a holiday and we don't have
to be at work until Tuesday evening! see you in a bit, by the way I'm going
to use your car since mines holding you up there".  With these words
Mona leaves.  Gina looks around, across the desert and realizes that
she is truly a captive.  Her roommate can keep putting her back up
time and time again.  Her self-bondage had turned into the real thing,
she moaned out loud.  And the LIGHT!  how far away can I be seen?; 
miles and miles maybe.  Again, thoughts of discovery raced through
her mind even more so now that her naked skin was a beacon shining across
the open desert.  Gina moaned with the glory of her helplessness and
vulnerability.

Mona drove down the road, keeping a watchful eye in the rear view mirror. 
She was curious if she could see Gina's shining body.  Just before
reaching the Cafe she caught a glimpse of a light off in the distance. 
She parked in front of the Cafe.  She removed a pair of Binoculars
from her pack and looked at the light, some 5 miles away.  She could
just make out that it was in fact Gina's naked bound form creating the
small light.  She took a table in the cafe where she could continue
to watch the glow.

Mona returned with some food for Gina.  She looked up at her now
very bright body as it had gotten totally dark during her ride to the cafe
and back.  She unpacked camping gear, set about locking together a
huge tripod.  Once she had it totally assembled she pulled the cover
over it forming an excellent Indian Teepee.  She then pulled up the
sides using cords that rolled the sides up.  Gina was engrossed with
the activity and watched Mona with a curiosity but anticipative eye.

Completing this Mona put down a ground cloth, sleeping bag and heater
as well as a bright lantern.  The latter item even further brightened
the beacon Gina had become.  Mona looked up at Gina, "Well my dear,
its time for dinner and bed".  With this Mona started the winch on
the Jeep. Slowly Gina was lowered toward the ground.  Inches separated
her feet from the ground when Mona stopped the winch.  Mona turned
toward Gina and released her ankles.  She then attached cuffs to her
ankles and a long rope from the center of the tripod.  She then raised
Gina's legs toward the top of the tripod, which was about 15 feet off the
ground.  Mona then started the winch again and as Gina got lower and
lower she raised her higher, upside down.  Finally Gina became suspended
by her ankles.  Mona release Gina's wrists from the bar and she swung
back and forth under the center of the tripod, totally helpless. 
Mona tied Gina's hands behind her back.

Once she did this she slipped a harness around Gina and fastened the
straps between her legs.  Next she put a single glove device over
her bound wrists and up her arms.  Lacing this device brought Gina's
arms and elbows almost together.  Mona then took a bar with two hooks
hanging about 2 foot below the bar and attached them to the "D" rings of
the harness that were near Gina's shoulders.  She pulled on the rope
attached to the hooks until Gina's body was pulled into a big "U" shape. 
She then slowly released the leg rope and Gina was again upright in the
harness with her arms bound behind her.  Mona continued her work silently. 
She slipped a large leather sleeve over Gina's legs and laced it tight,
pulling Gina's legs tightly together.  Mona breathed a sign of relief
as she stood on a camping stool and firmly blindfolded Gina.  Standing
back and admiring her work she spoke for the first time.  "Well Gina,
I hope you enjoy what I've planned for you.  You seem to want bondage;
well you're going to get it.  This is how you're going to sleep tonight". 
With this Mona climbed off the stool and lowered the sides of the teepee. 
"Now it's time for dinner", Mona stated matter a fact.  She then proceeded
to hand feed Gina a hamburger and fries.  Gina wanted water badly. 
"Mistress, may I have a drink of water?” she asked.  Mona agreed but
warned her about to much liquid in her position.

After dinner Mona again stood on the stool, loosened the device holding
Gina's legs.  She wedged a pan between Gina's legs. "OK it is time
for you to take your goodnight piss."  The statement and Mona’s mocking
tone embarrassed Gina, but nonetheless she pissed on command.  Mona
then gagged Gina.  Opening a flap on the teepee she left for a short
time and then returned.  Gina could hear the flap come down and knew
that she was in for hours and days of Bondage, glorious Heaven!  She
swung herself from side to side a little, enjoying her captivity. 
She just hoped that her body heat would warm the enclosure as the desert
gets cold at night.  Inwardly she laughed, she was so hot she thought
you could cook an egg between her legs.  She hears Mona climb into
her sleeping bag and felt the light being turned off.  "Get some Sleep
Gina" Mona explained, "dawn comes early in the desert".  Tomorrow
is only Sunday, Gina thought. I wonder what she's got in store for me.
I'm glad no one saw me as a beacon.  Why did she refer to me as a
beacon?  Questions filled Gina's mind and it seemed to take all night
for Gina to fall asleep.
 
But really it was a short time as she was very tired from the activities
of this day.

There is another story about Gina.  For those of you who have never
travel to Yosemite National Park from Los Angeles I will give you a little
help.  There is a turn-off road from highway 99 that leads you through
farm areas and then some open country.   Along this road is one
place where there is a large tree with a totally horizontal limb about
10 feet off the ground.  Behind this tree about 50 feet is a large
bank of clay.  The clay has a color like skin.  With a hood colored
to match her skin and rope also dyed Gina could be suspended before dawn
from this limb and left until after dark.  Car after car could pass
by without ever seeing her as she blends into the background.  You
would think that at an angle you could see her, but the bank of clay is
well over a thousand feet long and the tree is about 300 feet off the road. 
At any angle the background of the tree is the clay bank as you drive along
this road.  With the eyepiece removed Gina can see each car as it
passed her helpless naked body.  If one were to see her, just think
of the fun they could have

Gina now lives in Ventura County and has constructed both a “rape” rack
and a suspension device in her barn. Both operate automatically as far
as getting into them and totally helpless. Both however, require assistance
to gain release. This is usually done by Mona. The rack raises her legs
up and out totally exposing her for sexual use. Her arms are pulled tight
under boards in back of her causing her head to be bent down exposing her
mouth for sexual use.

Most often, she states, when using the rack she calls Mona at her job
and tells her the time she will start on the rack. She always ties a bag
of condoms on the center pole just in case someone finds the open barn
door and the helplessly bound Gina. She further told me that this had happened
only once and she did not know who the man was because of her blindfold.
He did use a condom and soundly fucked her to several large climaxes for
her and at least one for him before he said “goodbye” at the barn door
as he closed and latched it.  Such consideration I thought. I told
her to call me the next time she was going to use the rack as I would drive
out to see how she looked so helplessly on it, sure, you bet!

**foot note**; Gina actually did all three of the bondage games contained
in the story. Mona kept her in bondage until Tuesday AM in the desert and
the reason for making her a beacon was so two male friends of Mona's could
find the camp. Gina spend all of Sunday and Monday in bondage and being
used sexually by all three of them. Equally she was the center of attention
in a whipping contest and other games throughout the two days much to her
own delight. To Gina pain is wonderful in small or large doses.
 

**Warning:**Do
NOT attempt to copy the senarios set out in this story it may result in
injuries or worse...
