---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/red_faced.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Red-faced but Speechless
authors:
- James Ellis
tags:
- Sbm
- rope
- handcuffs
- gag
- stuck
- caught
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2001-06-04 00:00:00
---

As most practitioners of self-bondage know one of the thrills is the
possibility of being caught out while bound.

Well it happened to me, a friend was visiting for a Wargaming weekend;
we had been playing a campaign for about eighteen months, alternating visits.
Now my friend is pretty broadminded and tolerant of other people’s quirks,
which was a mixed blessing. I had ordered myself a pair of hinged cuffs
about three weeks previously but they did not arrive until the same day
as my friend. Therefore I had not had an opportunity to try them out.

We spent the afternoon and evening fighting our battles and drinking.
We finally called it a night about midnight. I woke around four-thirty
in the morning in serious need of the toilet. Returning to my room I heard
snoring coming from my friend’s bedroom I decided I could risk an hour
or so of bondage.

I set out my equipment. Three lengths of rope, a leather gag, handcuff
keys and my new handcuffs. I put the primary key on the ice release and
placed the back up on a low table in the bathroom.

As all I was wearing were a pair of nylon briefs I did not bother changing,
but proceeded to bind my legs at knees and ankles cinching them tightly.

Now as these were new cuffs I tried them on in front finding them difficult
but not impossible to release. I realised I would need to think of away
to double lock them if I was going to use them for long term wear, but
that could wait. I next tried the hinge-cuffs behind my back a little more
difficult but manageable. So I decided it was safe to proceed to full bondage,
I built the last rope into a chest loop that would pin my arms tightly
to my chest, and fitted the gag securely in place. Finally I locked the
hinge cuffs to my right wrist, ensuring the keyhole was toward the fingers
and engaging the double lock. Then I passed my arms into the chest loop,
manoeuvred my arms until my wrists were behind my back and locked the cuffs
on my left wrist.

I struggled happily for about ten minutes and realised that the lack
of play in the hinge cuffs meant the chest rope was even more restrictive
than usual. I decided the time had come to free myself. I worked my way
to the primary key, still about an hour before it would melt sufficiently
to release the key. So I decided to go for the backup, this meant about
twenty minutes working myself to the wall and pushing myself up on to my
feet. The key was still trapped by a large block of ice, so I hopped to
the bathroom. I leant forward across the bath and used it to control my
descent to my knees. Now I inched my way across to the table and fumbled
for the back up key. I snagged it and started to work it into the keyhole
of my left cuff.

Then the door to my friend’s room opens and he walks in to the bathroom
turning the light on!

Now I am not sure which of us was the most embarrassed,
but my friend recovered from his surprise and says, "Did you tie yourself
up?"

Red-faced I nodded yes.

"Do you want some help getting free?"

Now I’ve got the key but I see no point in struggling if he is willing
to help, so I nod yes and wave the key in my right hand.

My friend reaches down and takes the key, bends forward and examines
the cuffs. "Where’s the keyhole?" my friend asks.

I grunt "unphrmeeph, phy mpphh phinphers!" (translated as: underneath,
by my fingers).

"Just wait there while I get my glasses!" says my friend.  It
is not as if I am in a position to run off.

"Mupfhh phackk, ooff ffopfhhh phyy phkeee!" (come back, you’ve got
my key), I grunt.

"Don’t worry I won’t be long," says my friend and departs. A few minutes
later I hear a door open and a light switch click, "Now that’s clever,"
my friend says, and then returned to the bathroom. "Stand up and let me
see those cuffs."

My friend helped me as I struggled to my feet, then lifted my wrists,
forcing me to bend while my cuffs are examined.

"Hmm, lock these on the other way round and you wouldn’t get them off
without help!"

"Well, I can see I interrupted your fun!" says my friend, "your ice
is still melting, so I’ll leave you to it. I’ll keep this key, if you are
stuck bang on the door!" and turns and departs. I stood stunned, I didn’t
even call out. I hopped back in to my room just as my primary key dropped
and a few minutes later I was free.

Next morning I sheepishly discussed the previous night’s events with
my friend, showing my collection of Harmony bondage magazines.

"Bondage
does nothing for me, although I find other peoples kinks fascinating."
says my friend. "But those handcuffs of yours intrigue me, they look like
they could be escape proof, how long have you had them?"

I explained they
had only arrived the day before and I had not really considered using them
for an escape proof tie, after all I would need somebody to unlock them.

"Well, after breakfast I want to go out to the bank, if you can tie yourself
up using those cuffs so that you can’t release them yourself, I’ll promise
to unlock them for you!" says my friend.

Did I?
