---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Jill in a Box
authors:
- Robin Ripley
tags:
- Solo-F
- cages
- boxes
- trunk
- college
- room
- naked
- cuffs
- collar
- gag
- toys
- vibe
- stuck
- discovery
- F/f
- hum
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-12-30 00:00:00
---

**Part 1**

I guess I've always had a thing for small spaces. There is just something about being in somewhere warm dark and secure that gets to me and has done ever since I was a kid. Of course back then it was just fun but every time I played hide and seek I'd end up in a cupboard or a box or something. I'm thankful that it didn't cause much comment really, my friends all knew that I would spend time on my own in a box or in one of my Mum's cages

Mum was a vet so she had animal cages in our house which she'd use for rescue animals or cases that needed a lot of attention or most often at weekends me. I was never alone of course and the door was never locked but I'd spend Saturday mornings in there with books and teddy playing my game where I was an animal or later a slave in roman times being transported to a new house.

Mum always used to joke when she saw me in a cage that I was “Jill the guinea pig only ever happy, safe in her cage” and that she could save a fortune in babysitting cost just by locking me in a cage. Of course mum wasn't to know that I was fantasising about her doing that in my childhood daydreams
As I entered my teens I became much better at hiding my needs and the desire to be locked in cage became one of those embarrassing stories your parents trot out at parties to embarrass you. Not that I didn't want those feelings but I knew now that it was socially unacceptable.

It was in my first few days of university that things changed; firstly I met Sophie who I fell madly in love with, though at the time I didn't know it, secondly for the first time in my life I had full unfettered, unmonitored internet access, and finally I found the box.

The box was found in a rummage sale held on the campus in the first week of the semester, it was essentially a large sturdy wooden box covered in black faux leather, the corners and edges were reinforced with steel strips there was a clasp for a padlock on the front as well as securing latches and there was even a small circular vent in the back. It measured 75 cm wide, 120cm long and 60 cm tall. it had handles and wheels at one end and a hinged full sized lid on top but most interestingly a Yale lock built into it. I guessed that someone had built it rather than bought it and a quick look on the inside showed that it was lined with purple velvet and the lock had a latch but no handle.

Suddenly all those memories of being in my Mum's cages came rushing back I knew I had to have this. I paid £25 for it there and then and then hauled it across the campus to my room in the halls of residence.

Back at the halls it became the talk of my little floor. The accommodation for first year students like myself were the universities halls of residence. In our building there were two wings per floor, each wing had ten rooms each with their own bathroom thankfully and a common kitchen, dining and lounge area. After the first year you were expected to move out to flats elsewhere though there were floor manager posts available for senior undergraduates and those places were hotly contended.

It worked quite well and our rooms even had small but popular balconies. I sat on the low stand, it took up precious space in a room where swinging cats was already a problem but I rationalized it as being an organisational boon. I could for example put expensive things like my violin and my laptop in it for safe keeping. Not that this convinced Sophie who smirked knowingly when she saw me dragging it through the common room.

It was as I thought useful, I shoved old clothes and books in the bottom and stuff like my laptop and Violin on top. For weeks that was its only use my fantasies remained just that.

It was nearing the middle of my first semester at university that I first decided to try the chest out, I had been looking for a safe place to put my first actual sex toy (a cheap dildo) and had planned to bury it in the box, I had taken stuff out and all that was in there now was pillow and comforter. Suddenly I had an image of me in there tied up with the vibe tucked into me and the chest locked and bolted. The image alone was enough to send my body into tingles. I looked around conspiratorially it was 3 in the afternoon on a Wednesday, the floor was mostly empty and of course so was my room.

I quickly ducked into the tiny bathroom used the toilet and stripped off all my clothes. I caught myself in the mirror and took a moment. I hadn't met a woman yet who was entirely happen with their appearance and I was no exception. I was 1.5 meters and weighed 40 kilos which left me skinny and somewhat shapeless barely filling a B cup, I had red curly hair, freckles and pale skin as well from my parents Scottish ancestry. Having said that the high cheekbones and what others called pretty face coupled with deep green eyes wasn't a wholly bad combination.

“I just wish I was a bit taller” I thought out loud standing on my tiptoes, looking at the mirror, “and these were a bit bigger!” I said cupping my breast and stroking my nipples with my thumb unconsciously.

I stepped back into my room and turned the lock on my door to ensure my privacy, before walking back to the chest and wondering how to do this. The hasp on the chest lock did have a hitch so I made certain the lock was open and latched before anything else. There was no handle on the inside so if the latch came off I'd be really trapped. I decided to play it safe as well and made sure I had my mobile phone with me as well. Finally I stepped in and lay down in the box curling my legs up.

I fit! I had huge grin on my face as I realised my fantasy just one more thing to do I brought the lid of the box down plunging myself into darkness and while being careful not to knock the lock or its vital latch.

I checked my phone as soon as I was the lid closed, despite being in a box in my room I was still getting a three bar signal so at least that was working. I pushed the lid up again with a bit of effort and smiled again. I could get in and out and I had an emergency backup only god knows who I'd call if I got trapped in here. Still like a safety line it made me feel a little more secure.

I wiggled a bit in the dark bringing my knees up a bit more then grasping in the gloom I found by battery powered friend. I closed my eyes in the dark and let my fantasies sweep me away.

I was a slave in a big country house I had been sold by my cruel domme and was being prepared to be shipped across the country. In my dream I was forced to straddle a pair of huge dildos, one in my pussy the other stretching my ass to breaking point as my cruel domme looked on.

In the gloom of the box in my room I teased myself with the vibe on its lowest setting feeling a warmth build there as blood rushed to the folds of my pussy. I ran a finger up my body stopping to drag a nail around my nipple and give it a tweak. Years of careful masturbation at home and college made me a quiet moaner when I played with myself but in the box I suddenly felt liberated. I moaned and writhed feeling myself become wet as I fantasised and teased myself. If anyone even Kerry the floor admin came into the room what would they see other than an empty room and my box.

In my fantasy the other slaves fastened a hollow dildo gag to my mouth then tied me into a ball then dropped me into the rough hewn version of my box. “No need to waste money on a plane ticket,” my fantasy domme barked, “a few days in a box on the railroad will give you ample time to think about how you should behave for your master.”

In my room, in my box I moaned turning the vibe up, its motor rising in pitch as I pushed it in and out of my folds. I was fucking myself with the latex toy rather than teasing or playing with myself surprised at how slick I was getting. I twisted and moaned the dark prison not giving any sign of my pre-orgasmic balletics.

In my fantasy I was dropped into the box I squealed as the gag was attached by a hose to a tank of what looked and tasted like cum. The lid was brought over and lowered toward me again it was about to go dark when the cruel domme yelled, “Wait it needs its shipping documents” The Domme stepped from the shadows where she had been brooding but still careful to hide her face she passed one the slaves a plastic document wallet that you'd expect to see on any parcel.

In my room, in my box I moaned pulling the vibe from my dripping pussy thrusting my hips up and then plunging the vibrating attacker back toward my loins, I squealed hard as it slipped past by slick pussy and then stretched my tight little rosebud. I had never had anal sex - technically I had never had vaginal sex either but I had never even tried anything more than a finger there in that most intimate of spots. I writhed pressing the buzzing toy against my ass hole both the vibe and my pucker wet with my juices.

In my fantasy the top of the wallet had a sharp locking safety pin at the top of the sealed packet the pin glinted in the light as I shook my head but the domme knew what she wanted, she moved behind me chuckling then roughly grabbing my tit and squeezing my nipple I moaned into the gag...

and in the box I moaned.

The domme still half hidden drove the pin down into my nipple ignoring my scream as she punctured the sensitive skin spreading my tender flesh with the cruel steel barb until it ruptured on the other side leaving me in tears as the vibes in my fantasy ass and pussy came on driving me up into orgasmic lust. In my fantasy I came thrashing about and moaning like a whore as the box was covered and the first nails hammered into the wood.

In my box, I pressed the vibe hard against my clit and found myself cumming for only maybe the fifth time in my life.... Firework city.... I don't know if it was a minute or 20 later that I came back down that had been without a shadow of a doubt the best single orgasm I had ever had and to be fair there hadn't been many. It wasn't that I was sexually repressed as such I was just somewhat private and the idea of my parents knowing I masturbated was nightmarish to me.

So my opportunities to explore myself were limited plus I found it difficult to actually cum for some reason. Oh I had a boyfriend when I was younger but that didn't go anywhere or frankly he didn't do that much for me and lately it was women... well one woman who was interesting me.

I lay in the gloom of the box taking deep lungful's of warm air sex scented air savoring the tingly afterglow of my orgasmic release, I was comfy more so then I had been in years and perhaps more importantly very, very satisfied. I curled up a little tighter and closed my eyes.

It was after seven in the evening and dark when I was woken by my phone buzzing I had set a reminder that I was supposed to be working on an assignment for the next day, thankfully it was all done bar the final polish but it was enough to get me out of the box and back to reality.

I carefully clambered out of the box and turned the room light on, as far as I could tell other than a damp spot on the pillow and a lingering scent there was no damage to the box or to me or so I thought.

It was later that night after dinner and working on the assignment and chatting with everyone in the common hall I was back in the seclusion of my room and feeling a little buzz still from the afternoons earlier adventure. I quickly retrieved the vibrator from the usual spot and decided to give myself another orgasm. The same fantasy ran through my mind and I had my knickers down and vibe buzzing away... except it was doing nothing and I was dry as a bone.

That was the pattern for the next few days, try as I might I just couldn't get in the right mood, oh I was horny enough. The memory of that explosive orgasm seemed to haunts me as soon as I got a little aroused I seized up. I wanted to cum I wanted to be aroused but I just couldn't seem to let myself go. I tried not to be too obvious about it but by a week later I was snippy and irritable to the point where I heard one of the girls on my floor even suggest I need to get laid or at least have a good wank.

As soon as I came back from lectures the next Wednesday had my eyes on the box. I wasn't doing anything perverse, I reasoned to myself, in fact all I was doing was making sure a perfectly natural private act stayed that way.

Moments later my clothes were in a crumpled heap on the floor and I was already sitting in the box setting the latch and then pulling the lid down. Of course it worked I came as hard as I had before in the box and then snoozed in it again before waking up and working myself to another orgasm. There was no doubt about it I was in love with my new box

This pattern repeated itself for the next few weeks whenever I had a bit of spare time I would seclude myself in the box and cum. It was for me pretty perfect though I did have one panic when Sophie came knocking to see if I wanted to go to the cinema, I had to bust out quickly throw on panties and t shirt on and let her in. I must have been pretty worked up because I'm sure she sensed, maybe smelled, the arousal in the air and did look between me and the chest.

Still I managed to spend a couple of hours at a time in it. There was just one thing that bothered me, and that was simple I couldn't actually lock myself in. What I wanted is to be able to set a time for how long I was locked and then actually be trapped for that time. The Yale lock had no handle on the inside just the latch, if the latch was off while I was in it I'd be really trapped.

Despite the risk, or maybe even because of the risk, I loved my time in the chest and like you do when you get used to a risk I started adding to it first with some soft beginners play cuffs then a ball gag, then a more powerful vibe, then soft leather bondage mitts.

Of course the other thing that happens if you do something like this for long enough is that you get sloppy.

It was a Friday night when it happened the end of a very long very hectic week, I had done the last of my midterms and had come back from a post exam drinking session a bit drunk and a lot horny. I had stripped off and put on my newly acquired dog collar complete with Slut ID tag on. I put in my ring gag, cuffed myself, again lined the box with a couple of towels for comfort and dropped my phone in the box and then climbed in closing the box carefully.

I was enjoying my first orgasm thrashing around when I hit the latch. My heartbeat stopped the moment I heard the lock spring home I immediately tried to push the lid up but then realised what had happened.

I was trapped.

I was really fucking trapped.

I panicked of course and pounded and kicked the lid and the box and even the lock but to no avail the lock had closed and I was for the first time in my life trapped for real in a tight space.

Darkness and silence enveloped me.

I lay there feeling thoroughly my miserable and cursing my perversion for getting me into this and cried for a good long while as well. I had no idea how I was going to get out of here and in my panic I imagined all the possible nightmares that could happen, I saw my room being broken into a few weeks later and someone finding my naked body in the box, I imagined them not finding my body and just clearing my room, the box going off to the dump which would be my final resting place.

I slowly got my breath back and began calming myself down, my absence would be noticed I was sure by Sophie - maybe, she was my neighbour and we usually had Saturday morning breakfast together or if not by the nosy floor admin though that would be the end of my time in halls and in the university if she got her way.

Still I had air in the box and I'd had had a couple of large glasses of water before I'd got in the box before I got in so I wouldn't suffocate immediately and it would be days before I... I stopped that thought there.
In the gloom I wiggled off a lump of something and then there was a sudden light. My phone I realised groping in the dark for it was a stretch and a painful one at that but it was just within my reach and with some patient stretching I had it in my hand

11:06 pm
3 bars signal
half battery charge

So maybe I wasn't so badly fucked a plan began to form in my mind I was gagged and the key for that and my cuffs were on my desktop so I couldn't phone for help but I could text I tried to remember where everything was.

I had gone out onto my balcony before getting in the box, the bedroom door was locked but the balcony wasn't, the keys to my cuffs and my gag were on the desk as was my main bunch of keys with the key to the chest. I gulped at what I'd have to ask Sophie to do, she would have to climb from her balcony to mine. I guessed she would be out late and come home at least a little drunk, or she'd be really drunk when she got in, I would really have to wait until the morning after she had a chance to sober up a bit.

I pushed at the lid again no other choice I suppose I really was trapped, this was no fantasy this time there was no escape. I looked at my phone again the led screen the only light in the dark of my new home for the night.

11:07pm

The important thing was not to drain the phones battery that was the only lifeline I had at the moment and if it was dead in the morning then I would be too. I stopped that thought there. Ok so don't waste the phone battery.

Of course I could waste other batteries. I fished around in the gloom looking for a toy. I had put in with me, since that first orgasm in the box I had invested in a few more sex toys, the cuffs had been first then the collar I'd just brought from a pet shop, somehow the fact that it was just a dogs collar made it more kinky especially with the same tag (slut on one side ‘if found please fuck' on the other).

It was blind luck this time that although my wrist and ankles were cuffed ankle to ankle and wrist to wrist I had locked my wrists behind me or linked my ankles to my wrists both of which had experimented with before. My fingers finally found the bulbous head of the battery powered wand, I pulled the toy into reach and giggled as much as I could with my mouth filled with the gag as it sprang into life.

I teased myself with the vibe on a low setting feeling my nipples go hard as I felt the wands head buzz, there was just enough room to wedge the vibe between my breasts and box and I moaned as the vibrations rippled through me.

Oh I was going to have fun with this if I got out of here.

I passed the wand from boob to boob teasing my nipples until they were hard and the vibe almost hurt, then I slowly dragged the buzzing down my body and to my already sticky pussy.

I nearly came as soon as the head of the wand touched me there, I certainly thrashed about and moaned as loud as I could with the gag in place. I pressed the vibe again deep against my pussy and turned it up, I screamed this time and came so quickly it was embarrassing. I know I squirted again as I came and wondered if I moved the box at all.

Fuck that vibe was too much.

I wasn't even on full and it had me moaning and cumming like a whore... or was it that either way it was still pressed against my pussy and it was still on. Either way within seconds I'd cum hard and was panting again as the box filled with the scent of my sex. I thought for a moment about what Sophie was going to find when she finally freed me in a box, cuffs locked, gagged and with a sticky pussy in a box smelling of sex. There was no way I'd be able to hide what I was doing but then I wouldn't have been able to hide it anyway. I just hoped she'd be cool about it.

I calmed down a little the air rushing through the ball gag feeling my jaw begin to ache and wiggling my toes, I just hoped I could hold through the night without needing to pee or anything else.

I suffered through the night passing the time between fitful sleep, some cramps and a ton of masturbation. I really did wear the battery in my vibe out by six in the morning which left me hanging on the cusp of my seventh orgasm. My jaw ached as did my thighs and calves. A little later I gave in and pissed myself as well adding to my discomfort as the initially warm wee was soaked up by the towels but some still ran down my back and rapidly cooled.

Finally at 8.30 am after nine and a half hours in the box I sent the text message to Sophie.

Plz help! I was doing some self bondage and got stuck. need u to cum to & 3 me plz txt back

I hit send and waited and waited alone in the dark it was another hour and 15 minutes before I got a reply.

Bullshit

Fuck she didn't believe me nothing else for it I got the phone to a point where I could take a photo of my face gag and all then sent it to Sophie with a short message. I waited breath held until the phone chirped again

OMG always the quiet ones LOL! we have to talk after this where r u?

I quickly sent back

in my room in the big box I brought. keys on my desk. balcony door open climb from yours to mine

I waited again but only for a moment before I got another message

see you soon you kinky slut! LOL!

Though I blushed at that she wasn't wrong, hell I was even wearing a tag that said I was a slut. I listened carefully in the stillness of the box, feeling time drag on and to my surprise I also felt my arousal build. I was going to be found in a box naked and tied up by a friend. I wiggled my jaw again trying to loosen it a bit and then stopped as I thought I heard a dull thud... I must be imagining things but then there was the scrape of the key going into the lock then light exploded into my world.

For a moment there was just light and Sophie's laughter as she saw the contents of the box.
“Well ,well, well,” she said as the world came back into contrast, “I'm going to love hearing the story for this one I think.”
