---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/solovacuum.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Solo Vacuum
authors:
- Remmy111
tags:
- Solo-f
- vacbed
- latex
- stuck
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-07-28 00:00:00
---

Sheila was not really sure what to think about it! Her boyfriend John, had ordered a while ago something she was not sure of using it herself. It had arrived yesterday.   It was a vacbed made by  Kink Engineering and it was made with special options. Because Sheila was claustrophobic, she had told John that it was not likely that she would use it when he ordered it. Rubber was also a love of her and light bondage, but to be totally immobilized, she thought that that would be a bit to much for her. That’s why he made the special order!

First he had asked through E-mail if it was possible what he wanted. He had the idea to make a two-sided vacbed. One side black with breathing hole (for himself) and the other side transparent with neck seal. (So Sheila could use it, he hoped. He was convinced that he could get her in to it!.)  The neck seal and breathing hole were on opposed sides. The people of Kink Enginering told him that possible the vacuum would not be as it normal like with there other vacbeds!

Normal after the shutdown of the vacuum cleaner the vacuum would stay for about 5 minutes, than it would become less. But for the rest John’s special options would be no problem!  John was sure that he would come up with a solution for the problem of the losing of the vacuum. He had already made the frame with the specifications on the site of Kink Enginering and yesterday evening he put it all together.

He had made a plug of soft rubber to plug up the breathing hole while the transparent side was in use and for the neck seal a disk to put in the opening of it. Than a wide rubber band around it. He was sure that it would work. He was a handyman and in the basement he had placed an old but still good vacuum cleaner which was connected through pipes to a connection for the hose in the closet of the bedroom.

For safety he made some extra holes in the pipe so the engine could not run too hot! He placed a 3-way switch next to the connection of the hose in the closet, to switch it on, off and low power. He had made the low power option so the vacbed could be used for a longer time without the noise of the vacuum cleaner. They only had to open the door of the closet to plug in the hose and connect it to the vacbed!

Sheila had a day of work and after working in the garden that morning just came out the shower and looked in the bedroom mirror, she did liked what she saw, a good looking woman with a funny face. There’s no other way to describe it, her face was not beautiful but looked funny!

She saw the vacbed standing against the wall of the bedroom. She walked closer to take a good look at it. It looked well build and in spite of her being afraid to be in a closed vacbed, she was curious. She took the vacbed and after laying down a blanket first, placed it on the ground with the transparent side up. Sheila was getting exited, but she did not know why!

After opening the zipper she crawled in.  Placing her mouth under the neck seal she was laying there trying to imagine how it would be if the zipper would be closed, her head through the neck seal and vacuumed! Despite her fear she was getting wet when she reached a point where the excitement was greater then her fear! Sheila crawled out again and looked down at the vacbed and was thinking of how to do it alone.

She was afraid that she would be panicking when she was in the vacbed while it was vacuumed and she would not like John to see that! She placed the vacbed with one corner near the closet after plugging off the breathing hole on the other side, connected the hose and closed the zipper half way. From the closet she took a latex slip and hood and put them on. To raise the fun a vibra-egg with control box was placed in the bed, The remote control was placed were here right hand would be. A flat stick of about 20 inches was placed on a shoebox next the right side of the vacbed where her head would be. Well, she thought she was ready for it!

It was arround two o’clock now and John would not be back from work until about seven. Sheila crawled in, a bit difficult because the bed was with one point close to the wall and as far as she could closed the zip from the inside, There was still 6 inches left to close but she could not do it from the inside. She could reach the outside of the zip with her arm through the neck seal opening and managed to close the zip all the way. A good thing that the zip ended on her head side or else it would not be possible.

After pulling back her arm she did put here head through the seal. Almost ready to try. The vibra-egg was placed on her vagina so it would work on her clitoris. The slip would hold it on it’s place. Sheila took the remote and set it on random. It buzzed to life right away. Then she placed it out of reach.  She thought the vibrations would drive her mad already, excited as she was. But the egg stopped but she did not know for how long so she better hurry! Sheila turned her head to the right and took the stick between her teeth, turned her head to the other side and tapped on the switch. The sound of the vacuum cleaner starting up could be heard on the background.

Turning her head back she placed the stick back on the shoe box. Sheila tried to relax as much as possible and lay there in spread eagle position. In the beginning she noticed nothing but after a while she saw that it was working! Then the moment came……. She felt the vacuum closed here in on all sides of here body and she thought it was great. The feeling of being “dressed” in latex so totally was better than she ever could have imagined. Even the fact that she couldn’t move a inch was exciting!

She wondered why she had feared the idea of it all, she loved it now! Especial since the vibro-egg jumped to life again but this time with higher vibrations. It did not take her long to reach almost her climax but just before that happened the vibrations stopped. Damned, she thought, just a few seconds more! She tried to reach her climax by squirming but that did not help. She came to earth again. The egg started after a few minutes again with a low setting for about 15 minutes, driving her mad then it went over to high vibrations and than she exploded in an orgasm she never had before in her live! Her body shocked of the convulsions she had and after it was over it started again. It was a good thing that they had no neighbours close by, she screamed her lungs out!

The second orgasm came soon and was as least as powerful as the first one. The egg stopped and she came to rest again. Sheila thought that she better stop now because she had to do some shopping for dinner tonight. She took the stick between her teeth again and tapped with it on the switch. She could hear the vacuum cleaner slow down and she dropped the stick which fell down next to the vacbed. She knew about the vacuum being hold for about 5 minutes after the power was cut of so she relaxed and waited for it to happen. The vibro-egg however started again in a low setting again and her excitement started to rise again. Ah well, she thought: One orgasm for the road.

This time the low setting stayed for a long time before switching off totally and left her in a again excited state She did not feel the vacbed lose any vacuum yet and was wondering how long it would take to become so loose that she could switch of that damned vibra-egg! She felt she had enough fun now and wanted to finish it. A look at the clock showed here that it was at least 10 minutes has past since she closed down the vacuum cleaner and there was still no sign of less vacuum! Then she noticed something, it looked like the sound of the vacuum cleaner, much softer, like it was working on low speed. Sheila did not understand why that was, until it came to here!

John had told her about the low speed possibility but she was forgotten about it!. Sheila went to look for the stick but it was out of reach of her. She was stuck! The same moment that she realised that, the egg started full power again and despite the shock she was in, the orgasm came only in seconds and shortly after, the next one! Minutes later Sheila looked at the clock and it was only a quarter to three and she had to be like this until at least seven! She wondered: “Could you die of to many orgasms?” Well, she would find out!

John came home about half past nine. He did try to phone Sheila that he would be late today but nobody had answered. He was a little worried but maybe her afternoon nap got out of hand, that happened before and after opening the door he put his briefcase down and looked around for Sheila. He did not see her in the living room or kitchen so he went for the bedroom. The door was already a little open so he pushed it further. And his mouth fell open!

Sheila just had another orgasm and was making sounds like he never heard from her. When he came closer she saw him and begin to beg to close down the vibra-egg and the vacuum cleaner! John switched the vacuum cleaner off and opened the zip. The air rushed in and Sheila’s first action was to take the remote and stopped the egg. She had hardly the power to climb out the vacbed and John had to help her to get on her feet then on the bed.

She told him what had happened and how long she was in the vacbed with the egg running of and on. She said it was terrible because of the merciless working of the egg! She must have had a “thousand” orgasms!  John wanted to tell her about the dangers of using a vacbed alone. What if he would be much later or not a all home that evening because of a accident? But he was talking to a Sheila that was already sleeping and even then she still had “after-spasms“!

 John stood up to leave her to her sleep and turned around to look at her. She really did look great still wearing the slip and hood. He pulled up the coverlet over her.

But he wondered, if it was as terrible as she said, why the hell was she smiling in her sleep?
