---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/kristinesdiary.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Kristine’s Diary
authors:
- Gman
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- cuffs
- chast
- toys
- legirons
- caught
- hum
- bond
- harness
- hood
- straitjacket
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
---

**Chapter 1**

My bondage passion all started when I was nearly 18. I was home from school, and my mom was out. The doorbell had rung - it was a delivery man, with a package for mom. He let me sign. It was a heavy box, filled with objects which moved around when the box was moved. I was curious and opened the box, finding a variety of 'gear' - handcuffs, dildos, leg irons and leather harness. Not knowing what some of this stuff was used for, I got the picture with some of the other stuff, and put two and two together. Smart for a teenager. I ran upstairs with the box of goods, locked my bedroom door, and dumped the contents on the bed.

I began to feel stirrings between my legs, stronger than what I'd felt recently, and as habit, put my hand between them and stroked my pussy, not really knowing what I was doing, but enjoying comfort in the feeling. There were the devices mentioned, as well as an instruction manual, on using the handcuffs, leg irons and the harness, with photos demonstrating their use! I almost came in my shorts! This was the first time I had ever seen naked women in stark photos, and in bondage at that. The manual showed an attractive blonde putting herself into bondage using the harness (which was a locking chastity belt), handcuffs, and leg irons. My hands trembled as I turned each page, as she progressed further from freedom. At that moment, I decided to do what she was doing! I stripped off my clothes, sat on the bed, and began to lay out all the devices I'd need.

First, I had to install batteries in the dildo. Then I had to gather the keys to the leg irons, handcuffs, and chastity belt. I put them on the night table. The bondage model first had put her ankles in leg irons, securing them to a bed post. I did the same. I slipped the leg iron around my right ankle, and closed it shut, to a shuddering rasp of metal! The force of the sound stunned me and made my pussy inflame. I tried to slip the cuff off my ankle, but it wouldn't go. I secured the 'double lock' on the ankle, then passed the other end of the leg irons around a bed post, and snapped the cuff around my left ankle. I tried to remove the cuff but it wasn't coming off. I was trembling as I secured the double lock.

The thrill I felt at that moment is still indescribable. I lay back on my bed with my feet in leg irons, attached to my bed post, struggling, pulling to free myself, to no avail. My pussy was dripping wet, and my tits swelled as I pulled but couldn't get free. I got right back into the instruction manual to continue my bondage trip. Next the model was securing the chastity belt around her waist. I picked up the leather belt, and examined it. It was heavy, with studs and rings on the sides. Running from the front was a leather strap which had holes like a belt. The belt secured through another buckle which was hanging from the back of the belt, secured perpendicular to the waist belt. Holding the chastity belt really got my heart racing - I knew exactly what it was for. I slipped the belt around my waist, and pulled the free end through the buckle in front of me, until it was snug around my waist. I then turned the belt so that the buckle was in the small of my back, and the crotch belt, as it was called, was right in front of my pussy.

The model next took her dildo and inserted it into her pussy, while turning it on. I had never used a dildo before, and I knew my girlfriend Jenny had, so I decided to try it now. I held the dildo in my hands and felt like a woman about to make love for the first time. I pressed it against my pussy, and since I was so wet, just pushed it into my virgin pussy. I was snug, but the pleasure that I was feeling was immense. As I continued to push the dildo into me, I was
pulling my legs against the cuffs. By the time the dildo was fully inserted, I had come at least twice, was sweating, and felt so powerful - like I was reborn into a sexual beast that needed to be restrained.

With the dildo fully in me, I did my best to secure the crotch strap to the buckle at the small of my back. Each of the buckles on the chastity belt was furnished with a small padlock, which went through a small loop at the end of the pin of each buckle. Finally, the model had put the padlocks on her chastity belt, locking it onto her waist and locking the handcuffs to the waist belt, and locking the crotch strap so she couldn't remove the dildo. Then she locked the
handcuffs on herself, with her hands behind her back, secured to the waist belt, so she could not reach in front of her. The last photo of her in the manual was of her lying on her side, in full bondage, awaiting her lover to release her.

I did the same. I locked the handcuffs to the waistbelt, locked the crotch strap in place, then reached behind me, and opened the handcuffs. All this time, I had had two more orgasms, and was beginning to feel another coming on. I placed my right hand behind my back, and felt for the cuff with my left. When I felt in place, I slowly closed the cuff around my right wrist, until I felt comfortable. I tugged my right hand and felt the chastity belt pulling at the dildo, but my hand wouldn't come free. I struggled to reach the remaining cuff with my right hand so that I could secure my left hand. When I had it in place in my right hand, I placed my left hand through the cuff until my wrist was comfortably in place, then slowly closed the cuff with my right hand, until it was secure.

The sounds of the handcuffs snapping shut drove me over the edge and I began to have a heavy orgasm - I pulled against the handcuffs, legirons and bucked my pussy against the dildo until the bed was shaking...

"What's all that noise in there?" The door to my bedroom swung open.
Oh my God! My mother had come home...

**Chapter 2**

Mom found me chained to my bed, with my hands handcuffed behind me, the handcuffs locked to a chastity belt and a dildo locked inside me. I was bucking wildly about to have another orgasm.

"What the hell are you doing?!" Mom cried. She had a startled look on her face.

I tried to roll away, first in shame and embarrassment, then in fear of what may happen, but I wasn't going anywhere.

"Where did you get this stuff?" She noticed the opened package on the floor. "You opened my mail... you're going to have to pay the price for being a curious cat." With that said, Mom grabbed the handcuff keys from the night table, grabbed the handcuffs, and tightened them one or two more clicks, then secured the double locks.

"Let's see you enjoy yourself now!" she said, with a fierce look on her face. "And you just wait till your father hears about this..."

I was mortified. She made the handcuffs tighter, took the keys, and stormed from my bedroom, leaving me cuffed in place. The excitement was waning fast, and I wanted to get loose, but I couldn't. Now I was just a struggling prisoner of my bed.

Hours past, the batteries in the dildo were spent, and I was getting cramped arms from my position. My Mom came back upstairs wearing a leather mini skirt and bustier and high spiked heels.

"I've changed my mind, I won't tell your father. In fact, we'll keep this our little secret."

Mom went on to tell me how she fell in love with bondage, and how over the years she acquired a collection of items for her pleasure. She also said that Dad had often used them on her, and kept her in bondage pleasure, but Dad didn't really get off on it. He did find it useful to tie her up in the bedroom and enjoy a leisurely afternoon to himself to watch sports, or do whatever he wanted. Mom had a twinkle in her eye. "Now you've been bitten by the bondage bug, and I want you to really enjoy yourself."

Mom left the room and came back with a few items. She unlocked my ankles from the bed post, and sat me up on the bed. The dildo was really pressing into my pussy, which was really sensitive and beginning to get sore. Mom reached around and unlocked the chastity belt, but not my handcuffs. She took off the chastity belt and slowly pulled out the dildo. I was moaning as she did it.

"There, now doesn't that feel better. You don't want to stay all trapped like that for such a long period of time," Mom said, stroking my pussy. I could tell that she was getting aroused. "I've got something that I think you'll really like."

I was sitting naked on the edge of the bed, with my hands cuffed tightly behind my back when Mom showed me what she was referring to. It was a leather body harness, a web of straps that criss crossed in every direction.

"Here we go, let me put this on you and see how you like it." Mom was grinning evilly.

She pulled two straps around my neck, then two across my chest right above my tits, then two more straps right below my tits. Each pair of straps was buckled tightly in back. There was one very long strap that ran from my neck, between my tits, which were now jutting out, down between my legs.

"Ok, stand up and lets finish this off," said Mom.

I stood up, and Mom turned me away from her. Her hands were pulling the straps from behind, alternately tightening the straps around my upper body. I was beginning to feel aroused. Two more wider straps around my waist were secured tightly in back. Then the length of strap which was dangling between my legs was pulled up from behind, until it was tight against my clit. Mom buckled it to the buckle hanging from the waist strap.

"This is like the chastity belt, but the crotch strap is narrower, so it tends to dig deeper. I love laying in bed secured just like this - I could stay in this for hours...we'll see how you do."

My pussy was getting wetter but without a dildo in me, I was feeling frustrated and wanted to get off. With the straps securing my arms behind me, I couldn't reach my pussy, but I could pull the pussy strap - but it wasn't enough to get me off.

Mom stepped back to look at her handi-work. "God, you look great. Let's fix you up with a few other items".

Mom stepped out of the room, leaving me standing in the harness. When she returned, she had a pair of black spike heels. The heels must've been 5-6 inches, and each had a locking anklet. I sat on the bed and she put each heel on. They fit almost perfectly - Mom and I were about the same size then - and she locked the heels on. I really hadn't worn heels much, and now was struggling to stand up. The feeling of the heels on my feet, and the anklet around my ankles was great, but still not enough to get me off.

"Ok, now let's put those new leg irons back on so you don't get any funny ideas about walking around the house bound like this. Lay down on the bed."

With that, I teetered back to the bed, and sat down, then lay flat on my back. She secured one leg cuff to my right ankle, then locked the other end to the bed post.

"And finally, how about a hood?" Mom asked.

Before I could say a word, she brushed my hair back with her left hand, and was pulling a black leather hood over my head with her right. She straightened the hood on my face so I could see out the eye holes, and checked the nose holes so I could breath. There was no hole for my mouth, and the hood was designed to be snug so I couldn't open my mouth. Mom was working behind my head, pulling my long hair back while lacing up the hood. I could feel the hood tigthening around my face, making it more difficult to move my face. When she was finished, her hands moved to my neck, where she was pulling a collar around my neck, buckling it snugly, then I heard the click of a padlock.

"There you are, honey. How does that feel?" I couldn't respond, but my bod was getting into the feeling. Mom snapped blinders over my eyes so I couldn't see, and told me to lay back and "enjoy."

As I lay back, I felt her hands running slowly over my body, massaging my legs, then my ass, then my pussy, then my tits. I was feeling the wave of my first orgasm.

"I see our little one has the same tendencies that you have, my dear."

"Yes she does."

Was that Dad?

**Chapter 3**

Mom had strapped me tightly into a body harness and laced a bondage hood over my head. I was laying in bed, strapped in the harness, wriggling my pussy trying to reach an orgasm. The thin leather strap running through my pussy lips and pressing against my clit was making my body buzz, but I couldn't get off. My hands were still locked in Mom's new handcuffs and my ankle was locked to the bedpost. The leather hood was laced very snugly and I couldn't see or speak. My hearing was muffled as well, though I did hear the sounds of my mother giggling as she was fondling my bound body. Then I distinctly heard my father in the room talking to my mother, but couldn't tell for sure. I was sure that there was another person in the room.

Mom released my ankle from the cuff that held me to the bedpost. She and the other person rolled me face down on the bed, spread my legs, and secured each ankle to my headboard with yet more handcuffs. I was then left alone on the bed, my body adjusting to the bonds, and my mind wandering where the bonds would lead it.

Now the crotch strap was digging deeper into my pussy, and I finally felt an orgasm come ripping through my pussy, sending me shivering, the chains on my ankles were rattling, and my upper body was throbbing against the leather bonds.

The rush of the orgasm was exhilirating and I felt dizzy and faint, the hood and the darkness it brought were playing tricks on me, I was fantasizing about my situation, being held prisoner by evil merchants during the middle ages, a slave whose body could be bought and sold and whose purpose was to please their rightful owner. I was suspended in time as I floated through my dream, my body continuing its involuntary reaction to the bondage, trying to cum again and again, my mind developing story line after story line, until I awoke sweating.

It was much later that evening when Mom came into the room and released me from the leather hood and harness. She even took off the ankle and handcuffs.

"I think you've had enough fun for today, don't you," Mom said as she collected her new toys. "I've got a few things planned for you, but not tonight."

"Was Dad here when I was all bound up?" I asked.

"No! I told you that it would be Our secret."

"Was there someone in the room this afternoon? I could swear that I heard more than one voice," I asked incredulously.

"Well, I may have invited over a play partner this afternoon, but that's not your concern. Sleep is what you could use right now."

Mom was right, I was exhausted after my first day in bondage, severe bondage at that, and sleep sounded great. I rolled under the covers of the bed I spent most of the afternoon chained to without much fuss, and was asleep instantly.

When I awoke, Mom and Dad were in the kitchen having their breakfast before starting their workdays. Seemed normal to me, like any other day, almost as if yesterday was a dream. I got out of bed and went to the bathroom to wash up and felt woozy, tired, unrefreshed. I decided that a shower would straighten my head and started it up hot. The massager was delightful, pulsating streaks of hot water deeply soothing my body, my back, my neck, my tits, and my pussy. I began to fantasize again, being chained up head to toe and whipped by my master, then left out in a thundering rain storm, the water pounding my flesh, the heat coming from my whip wounds. That's when I realized that yesterday wasn't a dream. It was the first day of my new life.

**Chapter 4**

MOM'S STRAITJACKET

I was struggling in Mom's full-body straitjacket, the strap of the chastity belt was providing enough pressure to be overly stimluating, but not enought to get me off. The jacket was snug, and I was bucking, pulling my arms, rolling on the floor trying to come. Mom was using a vibrator on herself - I heard her moaning, though I was wearing the leather hood and was unable to see.

"Ohh, there, there, ahh." It was Mom cumming. "Thanks. I needed that release. However, I think I'll leave you to the straitjacket while I go to work. I hope you don't have any tests at school today because you'll miss them. Ha."

I could hear Mom tidying up her bedroom, closing the big body trunk and sliding it into the closet. The closet door was closed. Mom took some other items and said, "I'll be home early today to let you out. Try not to get into too much trouble."

Mom came over to me and grabbed the leather hood. With a quick snap, I was blinded by room light. She had removed the eye covering from the hood so I could see, though I was still gagged. "See you later."

I looked down at myself. My arms were strapped tightly around my waist, and my tits were bulging in the jacket. The leather pants were snug around my thighs and calfs, and my feet were bare, except for the steel ankle cuffs I was wearing. Did I mention that they had a 16" chain running between them. I figured I could walk, but not run. I sat up, and tried to get to my knees, but it was difficult without use of my arms, and I couldn't spread my legs to get my balance. Finally, I used the bed for support and wriggled to an upright position, then was able to stand. Even though I could see, with the hood and collar on, my view was limited to straight ahead. I couldn't bend my neck to look down at the floor, and it was difficult to look from side to side.

As I stood in place, I let my body become very relaxed. I could feel my arms imprisoned in the smooth, thin leather straitjacket, my tits caressed and pressed as well, the strap running between my legs, over my clit, crushing it teasingly. I felt an orgasm coming as I wriggled ever so slowly in my straitjacket. It continued to build and I spread my legs so that the leather strap could press deeper against my clit. It built and built, until I couldn't take any more, and fell back onto the bed, my chained feet in the air, my ass bucking and my arms pulling on the jacket.

I came with full force, and screamed into the gag - not a sound was heard. I screamed and screamed as a tremendous orgasm ripped through my pussy. I could feel my juices running down my ass, pooling near my asshole. The feeling was tingly, and I wanted to rub myself, but couldn't. With a wet pussy and ass, and no way to clean myself, I sat up in bed and proceeded to wiggle my ass on the bed, hoping to dry it up. It didn't work too well. I figured that if I got up and walked around that might help matters. I slid to the edge of the bed, and planted both feet on the floor. I was still dizzy from the orgasm, but was able to manage. I took small steps, as much as the chains would allow, and began to move from my Mom's bedroom to my room.

"Where would I go?" I thought to myself. I went to my bedroom, and looked at the clock - it was only 10:30 am, still early and Mom wouldn't be home for hours. I had to do something. I couldn't stay in the straitjacket all day - what if I had to go to the bathroom or something?

Unfortunately, I couldn't communicate, or get free for that matter, the jacket was too well designed, and I'd need some assistance to get it off. I thought of just laying on the bed and getting some sleep, but my pussy juices were starting to drive me crazy. I wanted so badly to wipe myself clean, and was totally frustrated that I couldn't. I slowly walked from my bedroom and thought of going downstairs to the living room. I thought that if I sat on the armrest of one of the large sofas then I might be able wipe my pussy enough to make it more comfortable.

The problem was getting downstairs in such heavy bondage. I got near to the top of the stairs and leaned against the wall. Using the wall I slowly sat down on the floor. I started to go down the stairs on my ass, using my chained feet to guide my speed down the stairs. It took a while and my ass took a pounding sliding from step to step, but in the end it worked. I was now in the living room.

I walked to the large sofa, and straddled the large, padded arm. My pussy was still very wet, and when I put my body weight into the arm, it felt great. I hugged myself, pulling and hugging the jacket straps while I pressed up and down into the arm of the sofa. Sure enough, I was doing too good of a job... the combination of wetness, the leather strap running against my clit, and the padded sofa arm caused another orgasm to build, quickly at that, and it hit before I was prepared. I screamed and fell off the couch, landing on my back side.

Just then I heard the front door open.

"Kristine, are you up there?"

"Oh shit!", I thought, while still cumming. "It's DAD!"

2001
