---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Summer Project 7
authors:
- T S Fesslen
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- bond
- kidnap
- toys
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Summer Project 6**](summer_project6.html))_

_**Part 7**_

_"Nnnnnnuggghhhh!" Jeff's bound stepsister wailed through her tape
gag, shaking her head at the same time._

_"Did I give you permission to cum, slave?" Jeff's metallic-twisted
voice questioned and he stood over Stephanie._

_Slowly Stephanie shook her head, tears running down from behind her leather
blindfold. She lay on her parent's hallway carpet, her arms sheathed in a
white-leather arm binder and her ankles being held apart by a chrome spreader
bar. A pair of clothespins had been snapped onto each nipple, torturing
her breasts. White medical tape sealed the blonde's lips shut and a white
collar encircled her throat. She was anyone's dream slave and right now,
that dream slave belonged to her stepbrother, Jeff._

_"So, how should I punish you, slave? Perhaps a clothespin on your
clit?"_

_Stephanie screamed NO through her gag._

_Jeff knelt down and ran a clothespin over his stepsister's sex slick lips,
nudging it at her pearl._

_"You don't want this on your clit, do you, slave?"_

_The young blonde nodded. Stephanie could just imagine the shear agony
that that device would inflict upon her. She would do whatever the
stranger wanted as long as he did not do that._

_"Do you think I care whether or not you want this snapped onto your
clit, slave?"_

_Stephanie froze, not moving a muscle._

_"I will do anything I want to, slave," Jeff continued, "I can
give you pleasure. . ."_

_The stranger gently slid his finger into Stephanie's moist slit and began to
tickle at her already sensitive clit, causing another ripple of pleasure to
course through her._

_". . .Or I can give you pain."_

_Jeff twisted one of the clothespins on Stephanie's nipples, causing an
all-new torrent of pain to grip her body. She writhed in her bonds as Jeff
released the clothespin._

_"So, slave, what should I do with you?"_

_Stephanie lay there, sobbing silently awaiting her fate. The stranger
was right, he could do anything he wanted to her and she could do little about
it._

_After a moment, Jeff continued, "I think, slave, I will forgive you this
time. You were very good fuck, slave. I want you to continue to fuck
me like that. Remember, though, you cannot cum unless I tell you can.
If you cum again without my say, I will clip your clit. Hard. Is
that understood, slave?"_

_Stephanie nodded her head, grateful that the stranger would not punish her._

_"Stay here, slave."_

_The blonde heard the intruder walk down the hallway, leaving her there alone.
She was too tired to struggle and she really didn't know how close to the stairs
she was. Her arms ached and her legs were threatening to cramp. Her
stomach was also growling from hunger. Briefly she wondered what was
happening to her brother Jeff and whether he was all right or not. Right
now, however, Stephanie had to worry about herself. She heard the toilet
flush and the footsteps of the intruder returning to her._

_"Stand up, slave."_

_For the young woman, the order might as well had been 'slave, go to the
moon.' Stephanie was so physically exhausted she didn't think she could
move and if she could move, how the hell was she going to stand up bound as she
was._

_"Did you hear me, slave?" Jeff asked._

_The blonde nodded weakly and slowly started to move her legs so that she
could try to sit up. With all the will she could muster, Stephanie grunted
through her gag and sat up, propping herself up with her encased arms. The
harder part was ahead of her, however. She secretly was glad she was in
such good shape from swimming and tennis. It was definitely helping her
now._

_Stephanie pulled her legs up until the spreader bar rested firmly against the
bottom of her thighs. She rested a bit, mentally picturing how she was
going to do this._

_"I don't have all night, slave," the metallic voice said._

_The bound captive rocked herself a bit using her sheathed arms until she was
sure she could rock forward to balance on her feet. With a great push,
Stephanie strained forward to balance on her feet. She hung there a
second; then two. She tried to steady herself, adjusting herself until she
was happy that she would not fall over._

_Stephanie then slowly stood up, her legs quivering with the effort._

_"Good slave," Jeff said, clapping._

_Stephanie felt the same kind of elation she felt when she had won a difficult
tennis match. Despite everything, she had done it and without any help.
It was a small mental victory for her and she grasped at it like a life
preserver._

_"Slave, thrust your tits out."_

_Of course, Stephanie did so. The pain the clothespins caused had ebbed
away to a dull ache, flaring a bit if she moved and caused them to wobble.
The stranger flicked at them now, causing little bolts of pain._

_The stranger then unclipped one of the clothespins, then the other._

_The numbness went away as soon as the pins came off and was replaced by some
more pain. The stranger began to message Stephanie's breasts slowly.
Paying attention to her still stiff nipples. Jeff liked her large breasts
and the way they looked when his stepsister thrust them out. Already he could
feel himself get hard again, thinking what he could do to his new blonde slave._

_Jeff looked at the stairs down the hallway and knew Stephanie would probably
hurt herself going down them. The last thing he needed was his new prize
to break an arm or leg. It would ruin everything. No, the only way
for him to get her downstairs bound as she was, was to carry her._

_"Slave, stand still."_

_Jeff knelt down a bit and put his bound stepsister over his shoulder. He
heard her moan a question into her gag, but she didn't thrash around or kick.
With Stephanie balanced over his shoulder, he began to carry her down the hall
and down the staircase._

_The trip down the stairs was a bit uncomfortable with the stranger's shoulder
digging into her stomach, but she was glad he did not force her to try the
stairs. At the foot of the stairs, he put her down on her feet, propping
her against the outside door until she found her footing._

_"Slave, follow me."_

_Stephanie felt a tug on her leash and she followed the best she could.
She could feel the living room carpet underfoot and she could imagine just where
she was in the room. There was a brown leather couch and recliner facing
their parents wide screen television. There was also a heavy wood and
glass coffee table and matching end tables. She found that she was being
lead to what she believed was the couch._

_"Sit, slave," the metallic voice commanded._

_Unsteadily, Stephanie did as she was told. The leather felt cool on her
naked skin and she was glad that she was able to rest a bit. At least, she
hoped that the stranger would allow her to rest._

_"Stay put, slave."_

_The captive girl heard the stranger go back up the stairs._

_Alone. Stephanie knew she couldn't get out of her bindings but she
could try to get someone's attention so that the police could rescue both her
and her brother. There was a huge picture window in the living room where
she was standing. She could hobble over the window and push back the
curtain . . ._

_. . .And there she would be, naked and bound looking like some kinky bondage
babe displayed before the entire neighborhood. Stephanie could already
feel the flush of embarrassment at the thought at being exposed like that._

_Stephanie heard the stranger return and as she sat on the couch as she was
told to do, she heard him setting up something, first to one side of her, then
the other._

_"Do you want to be a television star, slave?" the stranger's
metallic voice asked._

_Stephanie shook her head slowly, but she knew her opinion didn't mean squat
with the man. He would do whatever he wanted with her. Now, it seems
she was going to be video taped._

_"Too bad, slave. I want to see you up on this big screen TV.
You know, slave, you look so sexy bound like that; so delicious. I want
everybody to see you like this."_

_Stephanie moaned through her gag and shook her head. She didn't want
anyone to see her like this._

_"Would you rather me clip your clit, slave?" the metallic voice
asked._

_"Nnnnnnnggggghhhh!" she screamed into gag._

_"So, you want me to tape you, slave?"_

_Stephanie nodded, not wanting to feel the pain of being clamped. God,
when will this end, she thought to herself. She heard the intruder moving
about some more then she heard him turn on the TV._

_"God, slave, you look gorgeous. You should see yourself."_

_The bound blonde could already imagine what she looked like sitting there
with her arms bound in back of her and her legs forced open for his stares and
touches. She could imagine her tangled hair framing her blindfolded and
gagged face, the tracks of her drying tears still visible._

_Stephanie felt him kneel in front of her and then touch her red, sex-puffed
lips and he spread them open a bit. Then she felt something entering her,
another vibrator, larger than the first one she had been forced to endure.
It felt similar to the pink gel one that she kept in a shoebox in her closet.
As he pushed it home, she could feel a second nub resting against her pearl._

_"You must keep this in you, slave, or you will be punished. Do you
understand, slave?"_

_Jeff's stepsister nodded._

_"You also know, you must not cum unless I command you to or you will be
punished as well."_

_Again, Stephanie nodded. She didn't know how much more of this she
could take._

_Then, surprisingly, the young woman felt one of her ankle cuffs being
loosened and slipped off first one of her ankles, then the other. Her legs
were no longer being forced to stay open. Gently, he eased her legs
together and she felt a belt of some sort being wrapped around her knees and
tightened. He did the same to her calves and ankles, making sure the
leather belts were as tight as they could be without causing her to lose
circulation._

_With a firm push, Jeff laid his stepsister down on the couch on her stomach.
It was perfect. Even without hogtying her, she did not hang over either
edge of the couch. He gave her a playful slap on her ass, to which
Stephanie yelped._

_"Now, slave, have you ever had an anal vibrator inside you?"_

_Stephanie moaned 'no' into her gag. She had never even considered
something like that and she did not want to have one crammed up her ass now.
But, she knew that she was going to get it anyway._

_"Slave, raise your ass."_

_Stephanie hesitated._

_WHACK!_

_Raw pain shot through Stephanie's rear as Jeff spanked her hard._

_"SLAVE, DO NOT MAKE ME ASK AGAIN!"_

_The blonde arched her ass upward, fearing the pain that he could inflict to
the pain of having her hole being raped by the vibrator._

_Jeff took his time to make sure that the slender vibrator was thoroughly
lubricated with KY jelly before he attempted to ease it into her little puckered
hole. With one hand, he spread her cheeks and with the other, he began to
slowly push the vibrator in._

_"Do not fight it, slave, it will only hurt more."_

_It felt as if her asshole was on fire as she felt the vibrator sliding into
her. She tried to relax but every fiber of her being was rebelling against
this thing entering her. She forced herself to concentrate on just
relaxing, chanting it as if it were a mantra. Finally, she felt herself
relax a bit and the pain eased a bit as he pushed the slender vibrator in.
It felt as if she was filled more fully than she had ever been before and after
she had relaxed, it wasn't wholly a bad feeling. In fact, it felt erotic._

_"Slave, if this vibrator slips out of you, I will have to really punish
you. Do you understand, slave?"_

_Stephanie nodded._

_Jeff then folded her legs back and with a short piece of rope, he tied
Stephanie's cinched ankles to the end of her arm sheath, hogtying her. He
looked up at the picture on the TV and saw his bound slave, in all her naked
glory, in clear and sharp focus. He smiled as he turned on both vibrators._

_"Now, slave, to get our dinner."_

_[Continued in Part Eight](summer_project8.html)

09.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Summer Project 8**](summer_project8.html)

o0o
