---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/taking_a_short_bondage_walk.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Taking A Short Bondage Walk
authors:
- Roger Williams
tags:
- Sbm
- spandex
- outdoors
- cons
- X
date: 2003-08-15 00:00:00
---

This is completely true. Now that I look back on it, I was crazy. But
back then, 20 years ago, it was both fun and exciting.

I was a teacher so during the summer, I didn't have to get up at any
particular hour. I used to take an afternoon nap and then be ready to stay
up until 2 or 3 in the morning. I often wrote letters and then took them
down to the mailbox to post them. The mailbox was two blocks away. The
first block had two houses with plenty of bushes in front. Then came one
store and a gas station, a major street, and then another gas station followed
by stores, with the mailbox at the end of the row. I should also mention
that I lived on a major street, four lanes, and 40 mph. It was pretty dead
at 2 am, but not completely.

I started out making the walk in a unitard, or leotard, or just dance
trunks. Depended on the temperature and my mood. That soon got boring.
So I dressed the same way but took along a pair of handcuffs. I mailed
the letter, stepped into a small alcove between two of the stores, and
locked my wrists together - - behind my back. Now I had to get back without
being seen!

The advantage of night is that you can see headlights in the distance
long before they can see you. Now it was much more exciting because I had
to go to the cross street, make sure nobody was coming in either direction,
and then run across the street to the first piece of shelter. Then wait
to make sure all was clear and run again to the first house, after which
I was fine.

Then I upped the ante. I put on the handcuffs before I left the house
and made a round-trip that way. I was a bit of a stretch to open the mailbox
and put in the letter, and this also added another 25 feet each way that
I was cuffed. When I got back to the yard next door, I just slowly walked
along the edge of the street, not caring who saw me. If nobody was coming,
I'd wait until they did. The advantage I had was that there were a lot
of bushes blocking the view of my yard with the street farther down, so
if someone did see me, by the time they reacted and braked or turned around,
they could not see what happened to me. And this DID happen a few times;
once, the driver made a u-turn and drove back and forth but I was nowhere
to be seen. I had already ducked in my side door and was watching him from
my living room window.

One last episode. It was a very hot night and pouring rain. So I went
outside completely naked I stood at the curb with my back towards it, and
when it got within headlight distance, I turned around and stuck out my
thumb as if I were hitchhiking. I had no worry about anyone seeing my face
as who would be looking there? After all, the driver only had a second
or two. And then there was the case of "did I see what I thought I saw
or was this an illusion?" Most drivers continued on but a few did turn
around to see if I was still there. Of course I wasn't! But I am sure they
went away wondering if it was real or just an illusion in the storm.

Of course, I'd never do such a thing today. Too many people have cellphones
and could drive away and leave you with a sense of security only to have
the police show up unexpectedly.

Roger

.
