---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Rubber House 5
authors:
- Ozfet
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- latex
---

\*
THE RUBBER HOUSE
CHAPTER NINE

I was swiftly rebound and blindfolded in rubber and taken away. The
two rubber slaves gripped my bound arms with their rubber clad bodies pressed
excitingly against me as we left the room, making me hard in my red rubber
robe.

As we made our way down to the dungeon they gripped my erect cock through
the rubber and pushed their shiny bodies against me as they pushed and
pulled me along the corridor and manoeuvred me down the stairs. All the
while whispering what severe punishment and bondage I would undergo at
our Mistress' direction.

My two guides were very excited by the time we came to a halt; I was
also trembling with the anticipation and the stimulation from my fellow
rubber slaves. Suddenly I was pushed to a post and a thick rubber belt
was fastened tightly around my body, immobilising me. The rubber blindfold
was removed and I could see that I was in the dungeon with my rubber guides.
They were excitedly stimulating each other through their rubber, moaning
and rubbing each other until they simultaneously cried out and shuddered
to a climax.

"We needed that. The sight of a helpless rubber victim always makes
us excited, especially when we know what's going to happen. We wouldn't
be able to prepare properly if we couldn't relieve each other before starting.
Now to you."

A shiny black rubber hood with zip and straps was produced; it had a
large dildo gag inside, eye and nose holes and covered the shoulders. The
hood was pulled over my head, zipped tight with the huge gag pushed into
my mouth and fastened tightly behind with a strap. The wide attached collar
was then firmly fastened. My head was now bound tightly in rubber. I could
just see and breathe.

I was unfastened from the post by one of the two rubber slaves while
the other disappeared from view. She returned carrying two shiny rubber
suits, a thin red latex body suit and a thicker black suit with hood. They
uncuffed my hands and stripped off the red rubber robe, leaving me naked
and aroused with my head firmly gagged and bound.

"Get these on. We'll help you with the first one, then we'll beat you
into the second. That will set the tone for the day."

The thin red latex suit was handed to me and I realised it had a penis
sheath at the front and a butt plug at the rear. Struggling first into
the legs by myself, the rubber slaves assisted by sliding the lubricated
sheath onto my straining cock and pushing the plug up into me - the sensation
of the hands on the sheath and the plug sliding in was indescribable -
my throbbing cock was about to explode.

"Easy slave, we have a long way to go yet, if you come before our Mistress
says so we're all in trouble."

With that she lashed at my body with a rubber whip. The cruel sting
only made me harder and I jerked with the pleasure and the pain. A heavy
slap to my head brought me back from the edge.

The heavier black rubber suit had attached feet and gloves, a zip up
the back to the top of the oversize hood, which, rather frighteningly,
had no visible openings in front. My hesitation must have showed as the
whip slashed suddenly on my back.

"Come on get into it."

I started to pull the suit on as the rubber whip struck me all over,
struggling to get my red latex covered legs into the shiny black rubber
suit.

Stinging from the whip blows I managed to get the suit up to my waist
to find that it too had a sheath at the front. Sliding my still erect cock
into the sheath I pulled the suit up and put my arms in to realise that
the gloves at the end were rigid and immobilised the fingers.

Still under the rain of blows from the rubber whip, I clumsily pulled
the shiny black rubber over my shoulders with the hood hanging in front.
Suddenly my rigid rubber covered hands were sharply pulled behind me and
cuffed together. Then my ankles were cuffed with just enough chain between
to maintain my balance.

"Now is the exciting part slave. This is where you get frightened and
the power of the rubber takes over."

I could just see the two red and black rubber slaves in front of me
as one reached for the hood of my suit. Everything went black as the hood
was pulled over my face; I could feel the zip being slowly pulled up the
back to my neck, with a jerk it was zipped to the top of the hood. I inhaled
sharply and sucked the rubber against my already rubber bound head, desperately
I sucked for air and only pulled the rubber closer. Panicking, I dimly
heard the sound of laughter.

"Yes slave we control you entirely in rubber, even your breathing is
under our control. Have a little air."

With that I felt a touch at the back of my double hooded head and some
air entered the hood making it balloon in and out with my gasping.

"We find that restrictive breathing has an interesting effect on our
victims, particularly if the session is for an extended time. We will cut
it off entirely for short periods to remind you of your situation and because
we find it exciting to have that much control."

I could just hear the voice through my strained breathing and the layers
of rubber. Then I was gasping for breath again, just when I began to suffocate
air came in again. This restriction was repeated several times accompanied
by blows from the whip. I became lightheaded and the sensation of the tight
enveloping rubber was heightened and my cock throbbed harder in its double
rubber slippery confinement.

My two surrogate Mistresses must have noticed my excitement as they
now fondled my cock through its layers of rubber. The feeling was so electric
I spasmed and nearly fell over.

"Enough for now, a serious whipping to calm you down before our Mistress
arrives."

I was roughly pushed a short distance and felt my wrists being uncuffed
and refastened above my head and hauled upward until my feet just touched
the rubber tiled floor. Then the whipping began.

Beginning slowly with paced blows to my back and arse, from what felt
like a rubber tawse, then simultaneously on my front from a softer rubber
whip the pace quickened getting faster and harder. I moaned around the
thick rubber dildo in my mouth and sucked the restrictive outer hood's
rubber in and out - increasing my excitement and the hood's restrictiveness!
I felt myself get impossibly hard with blows all over me, the butt plug
feeling huge with my tensing and the restricted breathing making me almost
delirious.

The pace of the all over rubber whipping slowed and stopped. I could
hear the panting of the rubber women; something in the sound led me to
believe it wasn't entirely from exertion.

"Well slave we really enjoyed that, two dominant orgasms this early
and a full rubber bondage and punishment session to come! We will confess
our enjoyment to our Mistress so we can be assured of our punishment. You
will stay there until our Mistress arrives, the sight of you hanging there
bound and silent in the rubber will please her.

CHAPTER TEN

I hung there, my breathing slowing and the restrictive hood billowing
in and out, gradually my senses rallied and I realised that I was still
very hard and excited by the whipping and the restrictive rubber.

I could hear the two rubber slaves moving around, the sound of rubber
clothing being shaken, running water, the chinking of chains and buckles
on restraints, the dragging sounds of furniture and equipment being moved
and the faint murmur of the slaves conversation.

The swaying motion as I hung there bound, gagged and blindfolded in
the shiny black suit and it's restrictive hood, kept my arousal going.
I could feel my erect cock in its two confining sheaths projecting in front
of me. At random intervals one (or both for all I could tell) of the rubber
slaves would cut off the air in the hood and fondle my rubber erection
while whispering about the many things yet to come. I can remember nothing
of the things said while I was in the state of heightened excitement from
the intense rubber whipping and bondage.

After a while the sounds changed and died down. I became conscious of
a presence near me.

A sudden swishing noise and a sharp crack as a whip hit my rubber covered
buttocks; again and again I was struck. The terrible sting each blow left
had me struggling helplessly in my rubber, gasping and groaning around
the gag into the hood. Unable to avoid the whip my back and buttocks were
on fire with the pain. After countless blows they ceased and I was again
swinging in silence with only the rustling of the rubber and the noise
of my breathing to be heard.

Slowly the burning eased to a bearable heat, making me very conscious
of the rubber moving on my body as I swung helplessly from the chains.
My cock still rigid in its rubber layers.

A hand gripped my rubberised cock cruelly, causing me to writhe in the
rubber and groan ecstatically around the dildo gag.

"Well slave, minor punishment hasn't dampened your desire. Something
much more severe is in order. We shall see how much further your limits
are. Slaves get him down and prepare him for the next ordeal. Something
humiliating before more pain."

I felt the rubber presence of the slaves against me as they released
the chains and I regained my balance.

The outer hood was unzipped and vision returned, I could see my two
rubber tormentors, but to my dismay no sign of our Mistress. Somehow the
two rubber slaves must have sensed my mute regret.

"You won't be graced by the sight of our Mistress until she's ready.
Until then we have our instructions. Get that suit off - now!"

This command was accompanied by a slash across my back with a whip.
My hands were uncuffed and I was ordered to unfasten the ankle chains.
As I bent to release my ankles I was whipped across the buttocks very hard,
the cruel blows making me fumble.

"Faster slave, come on we have something delicious in store for you!"

This made the two rubber slaves laugh and whip me harder.

Stinging under the rain of blows I stripped the outer suit off, leaving
me in the restrictive dildo gag hood and the red latex suit. Still whipping,
they ordered me to get the red latex off as well.

Naked, except for the confining head and shoulders hood, I stood gagged
and waiting for my next instructions, enduring the whipping from the rubber
women.

A heavy black rubber straitjacket was thrown at me to put on. I struggled
into it and had my arms strapped to my body and fastened at the back, a
further heavy rubber strap was fastened over the top securing me even more.

I stood there with the top half of my body imprisoned in rubber, still
with the dildo gag hood buckled on my head, the lower half naked and exposed.
My cock had finally subsided after a morning of arousal without relief.

My rubber keepers in their black and red rubber outfits stood watching
me in my helplessness. They were carrying the rubber whips they had used
so effectively on me earlier and casually lashed at my naked buttocks as
they stared.

"We have to guess our Mistress' wishes for your humiliation, if we don't
please her we suffer the same punishment so we've decided on a treatment
that will certainly please our Mistress. There will be no blindfold, we
want to see your eyes as you suffer the rubber humiliation."

I was pushed and whipped to a bench and roughly pushed face forward
over it, a pair of black rubber tights was produced and pulled over my
legs and then I was stood up. The tights had a lubricated sheath at the
front and a slit at the back; my cock went instantly hard again at the
feel of the slippery rubber as they were pulled up tight. Cuffs with a
short length of chain between them were fastened to my ankles.

"Well slave you're almost ready for our Mistress. We shall get our Mistress'
equipment ready and then respectfully request her presence. But first we
must secure you in the correct position."

The two rubber slaves pulled me over to a shiny steel and rubber covered
waist high frame and made me bend over the top bar, my ankles were fastened
to the legs and the collar on my hood was fastened to the bar at the end
so my head was level with my arse.

When I was helplessly secured with my arse exposed and my head held
rigid at the same level and staring straight ahead, one of the rubber tormentors
went to the shiny black rubber wall coverings and pulled the rubber aside
to reveal mirrored walls. I could see my rubber bound body in two mirrored
walls, with just my eyes showing through the hood. I was helpless but not
rigid, there was some movement left to my hips and legs. My cock was rigid
in its slippery rubber, pulsing with my breathing.

One of the rubber slaves left to advise our Mistress that I was prepared,
while the other picked up a rubber whip and lashed my back and buttocks.
This made my cock in its rubber restriction become even harder.

After some minutes of the whipping the absent slave returned followed
by our Mistress wearing a shiny black latex body suit, high heeled red
rubber boots and a heavy shiny red rubber jacket with buckles and straps
fastening it tightly. She had a shiny black rubber half mask covering her
head. Thrusting out in front below the jacket was a very large black rubber
dildo.

"Well slaves an interesting scenario but you have forgotten one very
important aspect, which will earn you both punishment. I want him begging
for the humiliation and punishment - get that gag out of his mouth, quickly!"

With that she grabbed the whip from the slave who had been punishing
me and laid about all three of us as my gag was removed from the heavy
rubber hood.

"Let me tell you slave that this large rubber cock is destined for that
exposed hole of yours, I'll fuck you till you beg me to stop, but this
dildo has two ends so I won't stop until I've come fucking you. To add
some more interest, I want you two to get another double dildo - just bring
it here I'll give you instructions, now hurry."

Both rubber slaves sped away as my Mistress circled my bound body admiring
the view in the mirrors and running the rubber whip over my body and in
front of my rubber bound face. She gripped the huge rubber dildo with her
black gloved hand and rubbed it against my face and around my mouth, I
darted out my tongue to lick the head and was rewarded with a vicious slash
from the whip across my back.

"I'll tell you what to do and when to do it, never, ever presume. Very
tight, very uncomfortable solitary bondage for you tonight and for you
two as well."

The rubber slaves had returned with another huge black rubber double
ended dildo and were visible in the mirrors, standing together behind me.

"You two bind each others hands - behind you and tight. When you are
safely secured one of you will hold the dildo and the other will insert
it - now hurry."

I was able to see the two rubber slaves struggling first with binding
each other’s hands and then awkwardly inserting the dildo into one of their
cunts. They then stood deferentially in front of our Mistress, with hands
bound behind them and one with the huge dildo sticking out of her.

"Now my new slave, what are you begging me to do to you? How are you
going to be humiliated and what punishment do you deserve?"

The rubber whip was descending across my buttocks in time with the rhythm
of her words. My rigid cock tensed inside its slippery rubber prison as
I writhed to the whip strokes.

"Please Mistress, bind me in rubber, make me helpless as your rubber
slave. Whip me in rubber. Humiliate me, fuck me with your rubber dildo
make me give you pleasure with my pain. I'm yours to do with, as you will.
Hurt me, fuck me, bind me, beat me in rubber, use me as an object - you
possess me entirely. My submission and slavery is yours."

Just verbalising my humiliation and submission sent delicious tremors
through my body. The whip struck again.

"Very sincere. We shall see how true your commitment really is when
the going gets hard. Beg to suck my rubber cock before it's rammed up your
arse. Plead with me to fuck you hard."

Another blow from the whip. I was trembling even more with the humiliation
and anticipation.

"I beg you Mistress let me suck your hard rubber cock. Fuck me hard
and beat me. Please Mistress let me be your total rubber slave."

Another two blows from the whip and my Mistress shoved the black rubber
cock deep into my mouth. I sucked and licked it with fervour, begging her
with my eyes to violate me. I could see the tableau in the mirrors - my
rubber bound body on the frame with my rubber Mistress forcing the rubber
cock in my mouth, the two rubber slaves standing bound and watching her
humiliating me; her abject and adoring slave.

"You, come here and keep his mouth filled."

The rubber slave with the dildo standing out from her rubber covered
cunt moved as my Mistress removed her dildo from my mouth and pushed the
slave's in.

The slave was excited; I could feel her trembling through the rubber
dildo in my mouth as she pushed it in and out with my rubber masked nose
hard against her clit.

Our Mistress had moved behind me and placed the rubber whip on my back,
I could see the reflection of her poising the wet head of the rubber dildo
at my arse. With a mighty thrust she plunged the full length deep into
me. I groaned loudly around the rubber cock in my mouth, feeling the rubber
fullness and the pain. My rubber covered cock was bursting in its restraint,
throbbing with desire.

Pausing, with the rubber cock deep in me, my Mistress harshly slapped
both buttocks, the sting adding to my pain and humiliation.

"Beg slave, beg with your mouth full of rubber cock while I fuck you,
beg for it harder. Push that rubber in slave, make him feel it in him and
your cunt."

I groaned formless words of begging and desire. I could feel the rubber
dildo moving in my mouth and her cunt. She was trembling and I could feel
her bound hands banging against her arse as she thrust into my mouth. She
pushed harder and with a violent shaking she let out a loud moan as she
came.

Our Mistress grabbed the rubber whip and gave the rubber slave several
hard blows striking her rubber breasts and bound arms.

"Too soon slave, you'll be punished for being to eager. Get down on
your knees, get under him and put his rubber cock in your mouth. Now!"

The bound rubber slave dropped to her knees and awkwardly crawled under
me. The rubber dildo still inside and making her quiver with post orgasm
tremors. I groaned as her mouth engulfed my rubber imprisoned cock, it
jerked inside her mouth as she sucked. My entire body was vibrating and
spasming.

"You get in front of him, lets see if he can suck your cunt and make
you come while I fuck him. Come on move. Move!"

Our Mistress lashed with the rubber whip at the bound slave as she pushed
her rubber covered cunt at my mouth. I eagerly sucked at the rubber and
her wet slit, my tongue went up and my teeth and lips grazed at the rubber
and her clit. I could feel her shudder at the feeling as she moved against
my rubber covered face.

My Mistress started thrusting the rubber cock deep into my arse, the
feeling of bound helplessness as I was violated, while simultaneously being
sucked and sucking was incredible. The odour of rubber and juices, the
sound of my sucking, the squeak and slapping of the rubber from the four
rubber covered bodies, the feeling of the rubber dildo going in and out
of my arse and the incredible feeling of an orgasming slave sucking my
rubber cock.

"Beg slave, beg through that wet rubber cunt, I want to hear your pleas
for more."

I was losing control of my senses, all I could do was moan into the
rubber covered cunt and try and thrust with my limited movement back against
my Mistress' rubber cock, forward into the slaves mouth and into the rubber
cunt.

Through the haze of sensations I could hear moans from in front, behind
and underneath. All of us were lost in a storm of rubber bound sex.

I lost all control and went into spasms as I came into the rubber and
the slaves mouth, through my overloaded senses I could hear cries coming
from all of us as we incredibly came together in one long four harmony
shrieking, rubber orgasm.

We stayed in this arrangement shuddering for several minutes as the
waves of orgasm shook us all and subsided. I let out a forlorn groan as
my Mistress removed the rubber dildo from my arse and the rubber slave
released my rubber cock from her mouth, the sheath filled with cum. The
slave whose rubber cunt I had been sucking had fallen to the floor and
was lying there shaking and bound.

"Clean him and yourselves up and bring him to the room. We shall all
eat together, we have a lot to discuss."

With that our Mistress left.
 
the
story continues in
[chapter
eleven](rubber_house6.html)
