---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/cage_experiments2.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: The Cage Experiments, Part 2
authors:
- Professor Challenger.
tags:
- Sbm
- D/s
- caged
- cons
- X
date: 2005-05-12 00:00:00
---

The Cage Experiments, Part 2 by Professor Challenger.

Since acquiring the cage, the months that followed
saw progressively more elaborate iterations of bondage associated with
the cage. I did in fact get my nipples pierced, and found a twelve-gauge
straight barbell holding a stirrup to be most comfortable and useful. (Note:
I also have septum and Prince Albert piercings, which I recommend to anyone
seriously into bondage, as the possibilities are endless. I wear a bullet-style
keeper in the septum for every-day, and it is undetectable.)

For one of my most elaborate exercises, I had
made some minor additions to the cage. I hung a six-foot chain from the
top of the cage at the rear, which made a convenient series of attachment
points. I also hung a shorter chain from the top front edge, and made additional
attachment points in the doors and sides by the simple expedient of 
tightening on small c-clamps, which hold tightly enough for my purposes.
When I settle on a permanent configuration I will install some eyebolts--.

On a particular warm evening, I had modified my
heavy cuffs by adding one-foot spreader bars between the ankles and the
wrists. The shackle was locked to the floor of the cage, and the manacle
hung from the short chain in front so that it hung just above the bottom
of the top door. This was mainly for keeping it handy, although it did
add some additional restriction.  I also had hung my steel mask from
the top center of the cage so that it hung from a convenient height. Again,
this was intended mainly for ease in getting into it, but there were desirable
secondary effects to be described.  I had an open padlock ready hanging
on the back chain, and I had used the c-clamps to attach three rubber bands
holding light spring clips to the front of the cage, two chest high and
one at groin level.

I prepared myself by putting on my chastity arrangement
as previously described, and slipped on pants, shirt and sandals. I went
out to the garage accompanied by my Mistress, since I would need her help
with the final wrist cuff. (For more elaborate scenarios, we have arrived
at a sort of “assisted self-bondage”. I design the set-ups and get myself
into as much as I can. My Mistress supervises to see that I am safe, and
completes any touches I can’t finish myself.)

At the cage, I stripped and handed my clothes
to her. I got in, squatted down, and padlocked my ankles into the shackles.
As before, the keys were in the house at this time, so I was a prisoner
at this point, but of course we went on.

I pulled the lower door closed and padlocked it.
Then I gingerly stood up, and closed and locked the middle and upper doors,
enclosing myself within the cage. I reached behind myself and hooked the
chain padlock into the back of my chastity belt at a taut level. 
I had tied a loop of cord through my Prince Albert ring to be sure I could
get at it through the end slit of the CB-2000, and pulled the ring down
so that I could attach the spring-clip to the lower rubber band.

I had draped my leather plug gag through the collar
of the mask, and I now took that in hand and applied it snugly, then eased
the mask over my head and locked it closed. Only a few more steps.

Next to last, I hooked the clips from the chest-level
rubber bands to the stirrups in my nipples. These were the kind of bands
that are about six inches long unstretched, and gave a gentle pressure
out and down, which intensified somewhat when I raised my arms to thrust
my wrists out through the upper door and into the manacles. I closed the
padlock on my right wrist, and then put my left one into place as my Mistress
closed and locked the final cuff. She looked me up and down, expressed
admiration of my inventiveness, and gave me a few teasing strokes through
the bars, then gathered up my clothes and left. As she departed, she turned
off the garage lights and left the door ajar as we had in the past.

This left me to stew, a more helpless captive
than ever before, but capable of substantial self-teasing.  The chain
behind me pulled my chastity belt taut and forced the butt plug I was wearing
into me. If I rocked back to ease that pressure, the rubber band in front
applied a surprising amount of tension to my penis, even though it was
restrained in the CB-2000.  Pushing my hips forward to relax the rubber
band of course increased pressure on the butt plug. Any shrugging of my
shoulders or movement of my arms or upper body caused the upper rubber
bands to tug on my nipples. Further, the rope holding the steel mask to
the top of the cage restricted my ability to even turn my head, or look
down as much as the mask ever let me.  I writhed and struggled as
much as the steel, leather and rubber would let me—not much, frankly—testing
my bonds.

Finding all secure,  I began to settle into
subspace, meditating on the patches of dim exterior light on the far wall
that were all that I could see,  slowly twisting in my bonds to tease
myself sensuously, and keeping half an ear on the sound of distant traffic
and neighbors coming and going in their own garages and back yards. Could
any of them ever suspect what was happening a few yards away? The garage
door was open—what if a prowler or burglar were to come in? What would
he think? What would he do? There was certainly nothing I could do—I was
totally helpless and defenseless. Would such a person abuse me? Flee in
confusion? Or tip me a nod as he helped himself to my lawn mower?

Such speculations leaped to mind as I heard a
stealthy footfall, which I quickly recognized as that of my Mistress. 
She did not speak, but approached me quietly in the darkness, stood only
breathing for a moment, then reached through the bars and caressed me.
My moan of response evidently told her all she needed to know, as she then
went to work in earnest, alternating caresses with stokes of various sharp
implements worn on her fingers, and the occasional playful pluck of a rubber
band. Zing!

By the time she got done working on me, two hours
had passed since I got into the cage, and I was more than ready to be let
out. One of the items I had been teased with was the key ring, and Mistress
unlocked the wrist she had originally locked up, and then stood by as I
worked my way loose.  The keys to the mask had been left inside, as
were my clothes, so I had to follow her into the house blinkered and naked
but for the chastity belt to get entirely free.  Since it was late,
a long shower and bed followed.

“Pure” self-bondage in the cage.

A couple of weeks later, I decided to take another
tack, and try a much simpler session in the cage. My Mistress would be
working all day, so I would be totally on my own. For this session, I had
prepared my Timecuffs (see, “The Timecuff Experiment”) with a filling of
water that should have been good for an hour and a half to two hours. About
10AM I went into the garage, and locked one end of the Timecuffs to the
ceiling of the cage. I stripped and got into the cage, and locked it. I
had with me a pair of standard handcuffs, my key ring, and a length of
cord. I tied the cord through the key ring, and tied the cord to the center
door of the cage, so the keys could not fall out of reach. I put the keys
on the cage floor, locked on the standard handcuffs in front of myself,
and then locked the dangling Timecuff around the chain of the handcuffs.

My hands were thus held at about the level of
my neck. I was otherwise completely naked, and had not added any other
elaborations with which to amuse myself. I have to say, that I found this
very simple bondage situation very boring, but then, being a prisoner is
boring isn’t it? I concentrated on achieving a meditative state, and effort
that was eventually hindered by my tendency to fiddle with the Timecuff
plug and the minor irritation of having cold water slowly drip over my
hands.

After what seemed to me to be more than an hour
and a half, with the Timecuffs not near defrosted enough for escape, I
began to worry. There was no doubt that eventually the ice would completely
melt, freeing me, but when? My Mistress would be home by 4PM, and I would
be in for it, and not in a pleasant S&M way, if she caught me playing
by myself and getting stuck. I began considering my situation.

The key ring was tied to the cage door by a cord.
The cord reached the cage floor with ample slack.  I was able, after
a couple of tries, to take the cord in the toes of one foot, and, squatting
down, to drape it over the bent knee of my other leg. Then, I carefully
lifted the knee up to my chest, and, with the slack that had grown in the
partially melted Timecuffs, grasp the cord in my hands and reel in the
keys. I blessed the martial arts practice that preserved my flexibility
and the fact that I hadn’t decided to wear shackles. Otherwise, I would
have had to have a bit longer wait.

I freed myself, dressed and went inside, finding
that indeed it was past noon. I left the Timecuffs dangling and checked
back periodically between other errands, to find that the cuffs had come
apart about 2PM, almost twice as long as anticipated. At this point I don’t
really know if I mismeasured the amount of water used (most likely possibility)
or if the slight temperature differential from the house to the garage
made that much difference, or if something about the vertical as opposed
to horizontal position of the cuffs made a difference. Oh, well—at least
that gives an excuse for—further experiments!
