---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: After the Analysis
authors:
- Jenny
tags:
- Mummification
date: 2002-08-26 00:00:00
---

After my recent story come analyses about why people like to be mummified
and effectively place their lives in another person's hands. I was surprised
at the response from readers and more so at the number of women who took
time to put pen to paper, Some agreeing with me some disagreeing with me
others kind enough to tell me of there experiences.

Now why people should write to me rather that tell gromet their stories
I do not know, as we all know Gromet can be trusted to keep the letters
secret between you, me and the millions out there who read his ramblings
and then venture on his magnificent site.

Different people had different reasons for wanting to be mummified;
others had different reasons for wanting to mummify others. In my own case,
it is not a sexual thing so much at least not for me; I can fall asleep
before I am fully bound. So I must be the greatest failure sexually for
any wrapper.

A lot of guy's write to me because they want to be wrapped, and they
seem to think by being wrapped they will get a sexual high, well so they
may. A lot say they want to be mummified in order so they may be sexually
tormented, well that's understandable but being mummified is not the ideal
position to be tormented in.

My interest came about after a visit to Egypt and visiting the mummy
room in the Cairo museum, to me it was a fantastic experience that will
live with me forever, to look down on mummies that up to that point had
only been names in books. And even through they had all long died long
ago, yet in one sense to me they were very much alive and the experience
has lived with me ever since. At first, I used to try to mummify myself
as I had been a bit of a self-bondage fan, but to mummify ones self is
no easy task. On several occasions, I bound my body completely in bandage
and looked like the laughable mummy from the horror movies and it never
felt right.

Then one day I met the greatest male I have ever known, Len. Now he
perfected the art of mummifying me as never before achieved, the first
thing we found was it is not enough to wrap a body in bandage, as soon
as it is completed you start to fidget. So then it was decided to eliminate
movement. A plywood board was cut roughly a size smaller than my body and
roughly the shape of the body, so far so good, and then the person to be
mummified lies on the board. I always start at the ankles binding the feet
lightly together after first placing a foam pad between the feet, a longer
pad is placed between the legs the idea is to stop skin touching skin this
helps in two ways, firstly it stops skin sweating too much secondly it
helps towards isolating the body from itself. Then the body to taped using
masking tape to the ply board below, we found it is best to tape the body
above and below each joint, just firm enough to hold the part of the body
and stop it moving.

On reaching the hips the hands are to be bound firstly wrap each finger
and bandage separately, then over bandage and secure it to the sides of
the body, again at the bottom of the rib cage and above and below the breast
but not tight enough to restrict breathing. On reaching the neck the complete
neck is lightly taped to the board after first placing a foam pad behind
the neck for support. The forehead is taped to the board, now all body
movement is now eliminated. I use a snorkel mouthpiece in my mouth to breath
through, for complete sensory depravation the eyes must be completely blacked
out and the hearing. Sensory depravation is not to be taken lightly, when
Len tried it, he suffered a panic attack, and so you must be ready to get
your partner out at the slightest sign of trouble.

Once the head is covered in bandage, you are now basically a mummy and
remember from this point on your very existence depends on your partner,
myself I usually have fallen asleep by this point, but it took a long time
to reach the stage I am now at and it is not everyone's idea of fun, but
that is how I with Lens help did it.

One Lady wrote me to say her partner mummifies her and places her in
a sarcophagus as a way teaching her a lesson for being naughty, she used
to be frightened of being mummified but now she has grown used to it, but
has not told him - poor soul. Another Lady was mummified and access to
the vagina was kept open so her boyfriend could perform on her, as under
normal conditions he used to fail to get an erection. And one young lady
used to bandage up her husband as a mummy then go out with a boyfriend,
this she said used to satisfy her and it satisfied her husband as he got
a kick out of being mummified and not knowing when she would return. I
just hope for his sake she continues to return. But one completely new
one on me turned up when I received a letter from an elderly lady who longed
to be mummified, but never had and who used to mummify her dog and told
me the dog now looked forward to being bound up!

My E-mail's were from all ages, from the young to the elderly, so mummification
is not the preserve of the youth, as most things exciting seem to be. Of
course, I got my share from people who think that we who enjoy mummification
are all nuts and cranks and should be locked up, and he may be right! But
thank goodness we are allowed to choose what turns us all on and thank
goodness we are not all the same or it would be a very boring place, and
as long as we do not hurt our partners and enjoy life so what.

I did find a common thread, most of the people involved were very gentle
people and very trustable. Of course, I get a few offers, mainly from males
who want to mummify me or me them, but my trust has grown up over a period
of years with one person and like a lot of people I am not for sharing.
Perhaps I am the odd one out or old fashioned who knows, but we all enjoy
the pleasure of being mummified and that inner feeling we get as we become
restricted and bound. After all, I always maintain as stated in one of
my stories, "Once you willingly allow yourself to be undressed, then willingly
bound you have become a product to be dealt with."  We can all have
these so called safe words or supposed limits but once bound you have no
say anymore, and that is where this super trust comes in we all share,
plus the thrill of "I wonder if I am going to be released this time." So,
be careful out there and enjoy.
