---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Arnold Inside
authors:
- Chelgi
tags:
- F-m
- shrink
- camera
- handbag
- oral
- insert
- reluct
- X
date: 2009-02-06 00:00:00
---

After five years of pro football Arnold now owned a small chain of furniture
stores and was doing rather well. He was sitting in the office that overlooked
the sales floor when he noticed a tall beautiful blonde with the most gorgeous
body he had ever seen looking at the furniture. He observed that there wasn't
anyone waiting on her and wondered where in hell that damn little clerk had
gone, and what he was thinking about letting a woman like her browse alone.

Suddenly he looked again, the woman had been looking at a big overstuffed easy
chair and then it wasn't there. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. She was
bending over and Arnold almost had a heart attack as he watched the short skirt
she was wearing ride up on the back of her long luscious thighs. He watched in
fascination as she turned and began looking at the couch that matched the chair
she had been looking at moments before.

He wondered about his mind, had he taken
one hit too many? Chairs, especially chairs as big as that one, don't simply
disappear like he had seen that one do. Then the couch she was looking at did
the same thing. Simply disappeared while she was looking at it. He watched her
bend over again and thrilled as her skirt rode up those long lovely legs once
more. He could see her lusciously rounded ass straining against the tight skirt
as she bent over. He grabbed his coat and headed for the floor to see what was
going on.
Arnold saw that the salesman on duty was working with customers on the far side
of the store from the lady he had been watching. He straightened his tie and
approached the tall blond. Tall was right, with her spiked black pumps she was
even a bit taller than his six foot four inch height, and a hell of a lot better
looking, he thought as he approached.
"Yes Maam, may I help you?" He asked boldly as she turned toward him.
"Oh, thank you, I'm just looking and planning." She answered in a low throaty
voice that sent chills up his spine.
"Well, I've been watching you."
She thought, 'I'll bet you have!'
"And I noticed a chair and couch that you were looking at are no longer here.
What's going on?" He asked boldly.
She smiled a glorious smile and held out her large purse toward him and said,
"Oh, I'm stealing your furniture. Want to see it?" and she opened the purse. He
almost gagged, there in the bottom of her purse were miniature replicas of the
chair and couch he had seen disappear. He was still staring at the tiny replicas
when she asked.
"Want to see them closer?"
He noticed some kind of camera device in the purse as she pointed it at him.
Then there was a short spell of whirling dizziness and she seemed to grow
larger, exploding up massively over him. Suddenly she was tremendously huge; a
towering giantess soaring up into the sky above him. Then he was staring at a
pair of ladies' feet in black high heeled pumps just in front of him. only each
foot was as big as a car, with waist high heels, and he was standing nearly
between them. He felt rather than saw the titanic giantess bending over him and
suddenly a tremendous impact swept him off his feet. It was like he was back
playing football again and half a dozen guys had smashed into him at once.

Only
he was swept upward, dizzily spinning as he was lifted high into the air. Then
he was falling. He screamed as the tremendous pressure engulfed him and he was
whirled aloft. He continued to scream in terror as he fell. He landed in a huge
net of rough fabric. Dark walls of the fabric were all around him as he looked
up and saw the vast beautiful face of that gorgeous woman smiling down at him
like he was in a bag. Suddenly he realized that it was a bag, her hand-bag, and
he was inside it. Then he saw her giant hands closing the top of the purse. The
lights went out as her giant hands closed the purse, and before he could move he
heard the heavy slam of the giant clasp closing over his head.

Arnold found himself lying beside the couch inside the gigantic woman's purse.
He couldn't believe that this was really happening. It had to be a dream, but
he'd never had a dream this real. He lost track of time as he lay in the
darkness inside that giant purse, but it gave him time to think about the woman
that had shrunk him down and snatched him up like he was a little doll. She was
absolutely gorgeous, even in his weird predicament he got excited thinking about
the magnificent legs and huge tits he had been watching from the office. He
rubbed his hardening prick and thought of having her big strong thighs squeezing
his head while he licked her off. He even wondered what it would be like if he
really was doll sized and she'd let him lick her giant pussy. God, what a trip
that would be. He imagined the massive field of warm blond hair and her
cavernous pussy, hot and soft, surrounding him as he squirmed about in the giant
masses of hot soft flesh and licked a clit as big as his head.
The purse suddenly opening startled Arnold. A giant hand came in and phone pole
sized fingers clamped powerfully around him, wilting his ardor as reality
replaced fantasy. He screamed and squirmed as her giant fingers squeezed
painfully tight, crushing his body in their powerful grip as she lifted him up
to her huge smiling face.
"Now, quit that, I'm going to enjoy myself.... and play with my new little toy."
and she started laughing almost uncontrollably at his pathetic terror. "Poor
little man!" she laughed as he screamed and begged her to let him go. "Sorry,
but you're mine now."
Arnold grabbed the immense thumb that was crushing his chest and tried futilely
to push it away from him. He kicked at her fingers, squirming and wriggling
helplessly, trying to free himself from her colossal hand.
All the while he was screaming, "No ... no ... no!"
Paying no heed to his cries she began stripping his clothing from him like she
was undressing a doll in spite of his struggles. She seemed to think it funny as
he screamed and struggled helplessly while she tore the clothing from his doll
size body.
Her monstrous fingers grasped his coat and his arms were wrenched behind him as
she pulled it irresistibly back and off. The tip of her forefinger, as big as a
small tree, slid into the front of his pants ripping them open and tearing them
off like wet tissue paper. Although the clothing tore easily under her titanic
fingers it twisted and yanked him about viciously; the shirt caught but her
fingers moved irresistibly on wrenching his shoulder as she ripped the shirt
off. In moments she had stripped him completely and he lay naked and humiliated
beneath her piercing blue eyes as she examined his nude body.
Arnold was terrified, she had shrunk him down to a pathetic helpless little doll
man, completely at her mercy, and by now he realized that her awesomely powerful
fingers could easily squash him in a second. She pinched one of his legs between
her thumb and finger and pulled it straight. She laughed while he screamed and
writhed, twisting and jerking as hard as he could, trying vainly to free his leg
from between her thumb and finger. He was helpless, there was nothing he could
do. She could have ripped the whole leg off with little or no effort.

Holding
him in the palm of her hand she caressed and fondled his body with fingers as
large as his legs. Playing with his naked body her fingers probed his crotch,
very gently lifting and examining his limp shrunken prick. Arnold realized that
she was being very careful and gentle with him, even though she was playing with
him as easily as though he was nothing more than a child's little doll. Slowly
he lost some of his terror and began to notice other things about his gigantic
captor.
Her enormous hands were warm and soft and from where she was holding him he
could see down into the cleavage between the most awesome tits he had ever seen.
He had been entranced by the humongous size of those mountainous tits as he had
watched her from his office, even before she had shrunk him down. Now, each one
seemed as big as the bow of a blimp, he could play on her titanic tits like a
little mouse. As he stared at the vast smooth walls of that magnificent valley
he realized that he had lost his fear and was once more being aroused by her
magnificent body.
Lying naked in the palm of her hand he also realized that there was no way to
hide his carnal response to her as he saw her staring intently at his stiff
swollen cock. Her intense gaze scared him until he saw her mouth broaden into a
glorious smile. The smile became a vast grin as she extended one giant finger
into his crotch and began very gently and tenderly stroking the turgid hardness
of his prick.
The warm firm roughness of her giant finger rubbing along the throbbing shaft of
his prick was ecstatically erotic to him. When she lifted him to her lush heavy
lips and the soft, wet, velvety rasp of her majestic tongue flicked out and
replaced the fondling finger he nearly exploded. The hot cushiony rough mass of
her giant tongue, sensuously erotic, licked his throbbing prick several times
and then his hips were drawn against the soft plushness of her giant red lips
and his cock sucked into the great cave of her mouth, along with his balls and
half his lower torso. He was once again writhing and squirming, but this time it
was in ecstasy rather than fear.
Jeannie in turn was entranced by his unexpected reaction, she was getting a
terrific kick out of licking and sucking his stiff, engorged, little toothpick
of a prick. When he shivered and heaved his hips against her lips she could
barely taste the miniature drops of cum from his diminutive loins, but his warm,
naked, little body squirming sensuously in her hand brought moisture seeping
into her crotch.
The more she played with this tiny little man the hungrier she got. God, but she
was horny, her hand was rubbing her hungry pussy, her fingers stroking and
probing. Finally she could stand it no longer, she walked to the bed lay him on
the pillow and began undressing,. In moments she was naked with the tiny little
man lying on her pillow watching her every move as he stroked his stiff little
prick.
Arnold had never had a dream as erotically bizarre as this fantastic
hallucination, he knew it had to be a hallucination, but it seemed so real. He
stared, totally mesmerized, as the fantastic brobdingnagian amazon undressed
before his amazed eyes, She swiftly removed her tight little miniskirt and
bikini panties, unbuttoned the over-stressed blouse and removed her enormous
bra. Each cup of that humongous bra could have been used for a tent, and the
gargantuan tits released from it were like immense hot air balloons hanging from
her broad chest,
She draped the enormous bra over a chair and massaged those prodigious tits with
her hands. Squeezing, lifting and rubbing them roughly she looked down at him
and smiled, "MMmmmm..... how would you like to play with these great big ol'
titties, you cute little bitty man?" and raising the mammoth breasts she bent
her head forward and kissed the tits running her giant tongue around the
nipples, licking and kissing.
"Oh, God! Please please... they're magnificent! I'd do anything to get to play
with them." Arnold found himself begging,
"MMmmm.... you would? ....That's good. Maybe I'll let you play with my nice big
soft titties a little later, but first you have to do something nice for me."
"Oh yes, anything, please let me play with those magnificent tits, I'll do
anything.... anything.. ... please! please..... please!"
"You're neat. Do you know you're the first little doll man I've had that wasn't
too terrified of me to even think about how much fun he could have playing with
my giant titties. Now, you know what you have to do to get to play with these great big, lovely
monsters? You have to be real nice and wiggle and squirm real good when I put
you up in my big hungry cunt. You just wiggle and squirm, and roll around and
kick in there like a good little living dildo."
"DILDO? Oh shit, no! You can't do that, you'll kill me, you'd squash me in a
second trying to use me for a dildo. Please, don't.... don't! ....Please....
no!"
"Aw.... come on now, you want to play with my nice big titties don't you? You've
got to earn the privilege of playing with tits as big as these." With a sultry
mock pout she lowered her eyes and looked down at him, lifting one gigantic tit
to her mouth she slowly licked the nipple of her gigantic tit with her long
sensuous tongue.
"MMmmm.... that feels sooo.... goood..... Mmmm...." she murmured,
Arnold was torn between lust and terror. He had never wanted anything more than
those gigantic tits, and that enormous luscious body, yet he was terrified of
her, he felt so small and helpless as he stared up at her towering body. As her
giant hand slowly reached out toward him, he suddenly realized she had only been
teasing him, pretending that he had a choice in the matter. She was going to do
whatever she wanted with him regardless of what he said or did. He was a toy, a
helpless little toy, no bigger than a doll to her. She was so huge, so powerful,
she could squash him like a bug in the fingers of one hand. She was going to do
whatever she wanted to with him regardless of his wants.
"Come here, little man, you're gonna' get rammed head first up my cunt like a
nice warm wiggly little dildo." Picking him up off the pillow she climbed into
the bed. He screamed as she clamped one hand around his legs squeezing them in
the titanic grip of her giant fingers. Clenched in the grip of her Olympian hand
he had only a second to gape at the broad field of curly blond hair and
cavernous cleft between those brobdingnagian thighs before she simply inserted
him headfirst into her hungry cunt.
Struggling and squirming in the grasp of her giant hand he thrust his hands out
to keep her from putting him in that monstrous pussy. His hands squished into
the deep wet softness of her hot velvety flesh and sliding on the wet slippery
flesh slid precisely into the amazonian tunnel of her body, her giant cunt
swallowing him easily. With his hands over his head it looked almost like he was
diving directly into her giant cunt as he plunged headfirst into her.
"Oooohh.....MMmmmm...." Her voice was a soft moaning thunder as he entered. With
one easy push she swallowed him to his waist. His little body felt so good going
into her she screamed, "Oh, God!" And she could feel him sliding all the way up
inside herself, his squirming writhing struggles feeling terrific.
"OOHHooooo.... What a wonderful feeling, so warm, and hard, and wiggly.....
00hhoooo it feels so good! Mmmmm..... SSoooo gooood, God!" She had never felt
anything so wonderful, he filled her up all the way, bigger than any prick bad
ever been, and they didn't wiggle like that.
The outer world disappeared for Arnold as he slid swiftly through her gigantic
labia and into her cavernous cunt. He tried to fight, but the soft slippery
walls, so hot and wet, gave him no grip, his hands slipped and skidded on the
hot gelatinous masses of soft spongy flesh enfolding him. He felt the hot
velvety sheath of her inner flesh, soft and warmly erotic, slip over his
shoulders, chest, hips, and thighs. Terrific heat enveloped him, and he realized
that he was actually inside her gigantic body. Swallowed like a toy! Completely
engulfed in the hot wet softness of her giant cunt. He couldn't believe how
easily she had taken him into herself, he was no more than a small prick, hugged
from head to knees in the soft elastic grip of her prodigious vagina. The deep
softness of her inner flesh enfolded him completely in the hot liquidy depths of
her gargantuan body. He could feel the great pressure of her giant fingers
holding his legs as he squirmed and wriggled inside her.
She could feel his little hands beating on the sides of her cunt and his legs
thrashing and kicking as he squirmed and writhed. She had never felt anything as
wonderful as his squirming way up inside her. For long minutes she just lay
there feeling him wriggling about deep inside herself and enjoying the fantastic
feeling of his wriggling little struggles, When he started to quiet down she
squeezed her cunt on him, and shivered in ecstasy as she felt him renew his
wonderful squirming struggles again.
In the cavernous passage of her colossal vagina he was writhing and fighting
against the hot spongy flesh lining the velvety soft cavern. She squeezed with
great crushing muscles, and what had been soft spongy masses of warm softly
yielding flesh was suddenly a huge mass of hot wet crushing pressure. His arms
were pinned, his chest squeezed tightly, he could barely breathe or move, and
yet he felt an erotic thrill race through his trapped body at the enormous
pressure she exerted over his entire body. As she squeezed his body in her
enormous love muscles the walls of wet slippery flesh were a rippling mass of
erotic hugs over his entire body.
He found the warm, wet, satiny soft flesh inside her gigantic body and the thick
sweet nectar of her passion wildly erotic. The erotic hugs and squeezes of her
inner muscles over his entire body had produced an enormous erection and the
squirming and wiggling that was driving her into ecstasy were no longer from
fear and fighting her, but the heaving, writhing squirmings of one tremendous
orgasm after another. He twisted and heaved, thrusting against her hot soft
inner flesh with his hips as he rolled about in orgasmic delight.
Ooohh..... God.... she was in heaven, he was thrashing about inside her harder
than ever. In the depths of her cunt he was writhing and kicking and squirming
about like mad, and it felt so terrific she knew she was going to come in
moments.
She grasped his legs drew him out, then thrust him deeply back into herself, in
and out, again and again, faster and faster. In minutes she was writhing and
moaning in absolute ecstasy as she rammed him into her cunt again and again. She
was pumping him in and out like mad as she thrilled to his tiny trapped body.
Swallowed by her gigantic pussy like a mans prick in a normal woman, he was in
complete ecstasy as he was plunged in and out of that lusciously erotic cavern
of soft hot sumptuous flesh. Never had he experienced such rapture, such aroused
fervent passion, her use of him was erotic beyond belief. He loved being an
erotic plaything for this titanic giantess. She wasn't using just a part of him
in her wonderful vagina she was using all of him, the hot wet inner walls
pulsing about him wondrously hugged and squeezed his entire body, her deep inner
muscles were fondling him, the softness of her massive vaginal walls hugging
every inch of him. Her whole body seemed to ripple and undulate erotically
around him, great fleshy walls holding him helpless, squeezing, pressing,
kneading him about like dough, subjecting him to her every whim, driving him
wild with desire, crazing him with lust, even as she used him like he was a toy.
The heat grew. Hotter and hotter, terrifically hot, the massive muscles of her
giant cunt crushed him erotically in their titanic grip as the giant cavern of
her cunt filled with the hot thick ambrosia of her cum, sweetly filling his
mouth with every breath. He was sloshing about in luscious rivers of her hot
thick cum, swimming in the hot wetness inside her gigantic vagina as she
shivered in titanic climax over and over again. She was writhing as hard as he
was, twisting and turning, screaming and moaning as she came in the most
tremendous climax she had ever experienced.
After a few moments it was all over, the great muscles relaxed and he lay
gasping for several minutes after her titanic climax. God.... what a fantastic
finish, what tremendous contractions in her climax. In stygian darkness, he lay
ecstatic in complete exhaustion, lost in the wonder of touching, tasting,
feeling the thick satiny soft masses of her giant flesh. While she lay feeling
the terrific afterglow of that magnificent climax, slowly moving his still
squirming body in and out, holding him deep inside herself for long minutes at a
time and still thrilling to his writhing struggles deep within her body.
"MMMmmmmm......" She purred. Deep inside the hot wetness of her vagina his
struggles and wriggling were less now, but he was still moving about inside her
and it felt so good she didn't know if she would ever let him out. "Oohhh....
God," he felt good in there, she lay quietly, feeling him move inside herself as
he struggled. She squeezed him with her cunt and he kicked, it felt so terrific
she squeezed again, and moaned, "OOOhooo..."
He gasped for breath in the hot moist air deep inside her giant body. The walls of
her pussy squeezed again, this time a long slow pulsing squeeze, the enormous
pressures of her giant's muscles in her vagina caressing and fondling his body
erotically as she squashed him in her awesome muscles. He loved the tremendous
hugs he received from her powerful inner muscles. He twisted about and began
rubbing his hands on the slippery yielding softness of her vaginal walls.
"Mmmm....." She writhed about and squeezed once more on his tiny trapped body,
In moments she was again grasping his legs in her fingers, squeezing with her
cunt and pumping him in and out. Before she knew what was happening she was
writhing and moaning, rolling around while she rammed him in and out like mad.
Each time she rammed his tiny body in she threw her hips up to meet him as he
slid into her. If anything the second coming was better than the first. She
screamed and cried and writhed all over that big bed.

When she finally calmed
down to enjoy the afterglow of the second titanic climax there was no question
in her mind where he was going to spend this night, and a lot of nights after
this.

"MMMmmmm..... Oh, you poor helpless little man, you've got a new home."
