---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Journey of Discovery 10 by Victoria Mystere - Edited
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-10-07 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Journey of Discovery 9 by Victoria Mystere - Edited**](journey_of_discovery09.html))

Journey
of Discovery
By
Victoria Mystere
Edited
by Studbound

Chapter
Ten

The next morning, Lillian untied Howard - briefly. After finishing breakfast,
Lillian decided it was time to get back to the game. The momentarily pleasure
of teasing her sub's penis had led her to enter the road toward arousal.
Without telling Howard what was going to happen, she placed her dishes
in the sink and went upstairs to retrieve the hood. Searching through her
box of items she also brought along the ball gag.

"Open wide, Sub."

Howard did not hesitate this time and stretched his mouth open as far
as it would go. Lillian inserted the rubber ball behind his teeth and he
clamped his jaws on it. She buckled it tightly and bent over him dangling
her breast against his cheek and eyes. He longed to take it in his mouth,
but that simply was not possible. Taking the hood, she stretched it over
his head and bent to lace it securely into place. Satisfied he could not
see nor speak, she retreated to her chair and began to caress his body.
Using the lightest touch possible she ran her hand over every inch of his
bound body. Starting at his feet she gently touched them and moved up his
legs.

Her touch was hardly strong enough to bend the hairs on his leg. She
continued moving up. Pausing briefly at his groin she gently touched his
scrotum and penis. A touch so light it seemed to Howard as though it might
have been the wind.

Tiring of this she moved away. Retrieving a leather thong from the pocket
of her robe she sat in a chair opposite his penis. Making a loop in the
end she carefully threaded the rest of the thong through. Taking the slipknot
she encircled his penis and scrotum and pulled the loop tight. Howard's
penis danced with the movement and she bent and kissed its head gently.
Taking the rest of the long leather thong she began winding it around his
penis. After each pass she held it tight with her other hand. In a matter
of a few minutes Howard's penis was completely encased in leather and she
still held onto the end of the thong.

Standing up she bent over and gently kissed his breasts. After several
intense moments of pain she stood up completely and began to pull on the
thong. With each revolution it unwound, it became harder to pull. She increased
the pressure and watched his body for its reaction. When it got nearly
to the bottom she jerked it hard and she heard the muffled moan from under
the hood. She sat down and repeated the activity. Howard began to shudder
uncontrollably. The attention he was receiving was not causing him pain
-- in fact it felt quite good. It was the motion of removing the leather
casing that hurt -- and hurt like hell – that caused him to shake.

Lillian, sensing his discomfort, bent over and licked her tongue around
his encased penis. Standing up she began pulling. The faster the leather
unwound the harder she pulled. Howard was bouncing up and down on the table
in absolute pain. When she had repeated this activity for the third time
-- he ejaculated wildly.

Releasing Howard's bonds, Lillian asked, "So, Sub, have you had enough?"

"Yes, Mistress Lillian. I think I have had.

"Howard, I think that was about the most fun I have had in a long time.
Are you too sore?"

"Not so I won't get over it. I had a good time as well. Unbelievable!
The best. I wish it would never end! I love you so much."

-------

A happy year passed and Lillian and Howard continued to explore bondage.

Howard almost never viewed bondage web sites on his computer any more.
At least once every week to ten days, and often more frequently, he spent
a full night bound, gagged, and hog-tied on the floor next to the bed.
And he and Andy occasionally spent Saturdays together, both trussed up
completely, while their wives went shopping. The two men had become close
friends, realizing how much they had in common. Howard was in fantasy heaven,
and he loved it.

When the phone rang, Lillian was just getting out of the shower. Grabbing
her robe she ran into the bedroom, picked up the phone, and said, "Hello."

"Hello, Lillian, this is Barb. How are you doing?"

"Pretty well. I haven't heard from you for a couple of weeks. How are
things?"

"Fantastic. Saturday the kids go to camp for a week, and Howard and
I are going to spend that week you've given us in your dungeon."

"Great," said Barb.

"We'll be out of town too. Enjoy."

Finally Saturday came. The children had to be at the camp at noon and
since it was a three-hour drive, they were on the road shortly after eight.
Howard drove and Lillian looked out of the window at the trees passing
by. She held the youngest close and knew that before the week was up --
she would miss her terribly. The miles passed.

After dropping the kids off at the camp, Howard drove to a nearby restaurant
and they had lunch. He kept looking into her eyes. His smile had not left
his face since they had dropped the children off. Instead of sitting across
from her in the booth, he sat beside her and pressed his leg against hers.
He was acting like a love-struck teenager. Then they returned home to prepare
for their week away.

"So, are you going to sign your contract for submission, or not?"

"Yes, I just wanted to read through it again. The last time I don't
think I read it quite carefully enough." He said with a half- smile.

"Well, this one says about the same thing."

A short while later, Howard stood naked before her, his wrists handcuffed
in front of him. He took the pen from her hand and signed the contract
boldly. Then he indicated a letter on the table - something he had written
for her to look at, after he was bound. Lillian took the contract and placed
it into her purse with the letter, and took out a blindfold. Wrapping it
tightly around his eyes she buckled it behind his head. A strand of hair
was caught in the buckle and he protested loudly as she was pulling.

Taking his hand, she hit him soundly on the buttocks and said, "No talking
or screaming without permission. I don't know how much you will be able
to talk for the next week anyway, but I am pretty sure you will try to
scream. Now, let's put your hands behind you." She unlocked one of the
cuffs and joined his hands behind him. Leaving the room momentarily she
retrieved and attached the collar. Leading him by the leash she pulled
him to the car. She did stop long enough to pick up the suitcase with their
equipment she had placed by the door.

Instead of putting him in the front seat where his nakedness and bondage
might be obvious, she opened the back door and forced him into the seat.
Covering him with a blanket, she backed the car out of the driveway for
the short drive to Barb's. She kept thinking about what his reaction would
be the dungeon.

Pulling up to Barb's house, Lillian removed the garage door opener Barb
had loaned her from her purse and pushed it. The door opened and she pulled
in. After closing the door, she led Howard by his leash to the stairs.
Standing below him she directed his footsteps until he felt the cold basement
floor. Howard had no idea of where he was or what he was doing there. He
had little choice so he followed behind.

When she turned on the lights to the room, she could hardly believe
her eyes. Barb had not exaggerated when she said they had lots of equipment
to get out of the closet. The wall opposite the treadmill, bare on her
last visit, was now lined with bondage apparatus of every type and description.
After leading Howard into the room, she closed the door behind them. Leaving
him standing naked and bound near the door, she walked to the desk. In
the middle of the desk was a note in Barb's neat handwriting. "Lillian,
I have moved everything out for you to use. The only thing we ask is that
you clean up after you are done. We should not be returning until Sunday
evening -- late -- so have a good week."

The note was unsigned and Lillian dropped it back onto the desk. On
the desk, under where the note had been, was a package of matches. Taking
them, she lit the large candles that seemed to surround the room. When
she had completed the task she turned off the lights. All that could be
seen were the shiny chains and cold steel of the eyebolts that seemed to
everywhere -- everything else blended into the shadows. She smiled. She
removed her clothes and exposed a black leather corset. She smiled as she
selected the cuffs Howard would wear from the suitcase. Walking quietly
across the room, she took the cuffs and attached them -- first to his ankles
-- and then to his wrists. Retrieving the hood she took care to make certain
the ball gag was firmly in place behind his teeth. Satisfied that it was,
she tightened the laces until the edges of the hood met. Examining his
bondage she was satisfied and led him further into the room.

Using the ropes from the pulleys attached to the ceiling, she lowered
the chains until they were at eye-level. It was odd to see them coming
down. She thought there should have been some sound -- there was not. It
was as if someone had turned the sound off and she was watching a silent
movie.

Pulling Howard roughly by the leash, she removed a handcuff and raised
his arm until she could lock his wrist cuff to the chain. When this was
accomplished, she used the pulley to stretch his arm toward the ceiling.
She repeated the action on the other arm until Howard was standing on his
tiptoes. Retrieving a heavy leather belt from the middle cabinet, she stood
behind him and placed it around his stomach. She heard him expel air as
she pulled it snug. Satisfied, she buckled it tightly. She tried to insert
her fingers between his body and the belt -- she could not.

Retreating to the suitcase, she retrieved two more thick belts and buckled
them tightly around his ankles and his knees. She took one of the padlocks
and inserted it into the rings from the ankle cuffs. This further added
to his bondage and she was starting to get excited. Moving close to him
she kissed him passionately on the lips. Holding the kiss for long moments
she inserted her tongue. Breaking the kiss she stepped back to admire her
work. It was good.

Taking a thin piece of leather, she carefully made a slip knot in the
end. Circling it around his erect penis and scrotum she pulled it tight
with the knot facing down between his legs. Threading the leather thong
between his legs, she attached it to a D ring on the belt that was located
directly above his crack. Pulling the noose snugly, she tied it off. Then
she added the cock and ball harness. It allowed his penis to enlarge only
so far, making a full erection impossible. She cinched it into place tightly.
Then she added the leather thong.

The only thing left was for the nipple clamps to be attached. Moving
close to him she took each nipple into her warm mouth and bit and sucked,
first one, then the other, until he moaned loudly through the gag. Smiling,
she attached the clamps at the same time. The thin chain hung on his chest
and she hooked her finger under it and started backing up until she could
go further. Having reached this point she started to release and tighten
the tension. He tried to scream, but nothing but moans of pleasure escaped
the gag and hood.

The sweat from his body glistened in the candlelight. The flickering
of the light caused by her movements made them change from a flaming yellow
to a pale orange. Taking a heavy metal hook from the suitcase, she picked
up the chain, attached it, and let it fall onto his chest. The increased
pressure caused him to moan loudly. So loudly that she immediately retrieved
two more and attached them as well. When she looked at him, she could see
his nipples hanging distended from his chest toward the floor. Reaching
for the riding crop, she moved behind him to make certain the leather thong
attaching his scrotum was pulled tight. The pressure caused him to reach
a climax.

Taking some tissue, Lillian cleaned up Howard's ejaculate and moved
away from him leaving him secure in his bondage. The bungee cords pulled
his arms together and he could not move. Howard's body strained against
the bonds but could move little. Lillian continued her whipping and almost
immediately Howard's penis achieved another restricted erection. The thought
that she had the all week for his domination made her smile, She took out
his letter again, and read it.
 
"Here I am inside, bound, helpless, vulnerable. 
The woman who bound me can keep me for as long as it pleases her. 
She can display me, or just leave me-- all night if it suits her. 
Longer even.
She knows the severity of my restriction, 
because she knows the limits that can be imposed by
tightening or loosening the restraining straps. 
There is time now; there is time to dwell upon my
condition, consider my limits, concentrate on my will
and stamina to stay the course. 
I want to prove myself to myself as well as to HER.
I abandon myself to a fate totally beyond my control. 
And the deeper the restraint infuses my spirit, the
more it liberates, and, yes, gives me freedom!
The longer I am bound and gagged, the happier I am.
The longer I am in bondage, the more I trust her.
The longer she keeps me tied up, the more I love her.
And all the time there is stirring warmth, a sense of
unutterable joy in my loins. 
An initial erection may subside and re-surge, or may
not develop at all, but constant tumescence bears
witness to that joy. 
Actual orgasm, though eventually desirable, is not
important. 
The whole trip is an orgasm.
Bondage is a release.
I can relax.
I can let my mind dwell.
I can struggle.
I can beg for release knowing it won't come.
She is in control.
I trust her.
I love her.
I fear her!
Right now, as you read this, I've been immobile for a
while, and I occasionally drift away from the
consciousness of my surroundings. 
I'm not in a total sensory deprivation situation, but
my senses do turn off from time to time, and I'm left
with only the struggle of my mind to come to terms
with isolation and discomfort; to transcend, and be
released by the sheer force of my will. 
I'm proud to be here. 
I'm not an exhibitionist, but it turns me on to know
that the person displayed to you inside this
confinement--suffering, struggling, exhilarated and
satisfied--is me. 
The more I'm bound, the more effectively I am gagged,
the freer I feel. 
I'm glad to have you know this.

Bondage means different things to different people. To
some it's the means to an end; to others, the End in
itself. It's as awesomely beautiful to behold as it is
to experience. It's esoteric as well as erotic, mental
as well as physical. It's been described as a Heavenly
Hell, and can be so when seriously employed on its
own, or in conjunction with disciplinary treatment,
humiliation, Corporal Punishment. But tonight we are
considering Bondage as the core, the essence of any
S/M situation.

True Bondage is inescapable Bondage - confined,
gagged, unable to move or speak. It is when a woman
puts me into restraints from which I cannot free
myself. The woman who binds me, binds me to herself as
the instigator and perpetrator of whatever agony and
ecstasy is to follow. I start by indulging in fantasy,
then grow inward, and finally retreat from superficial
reality into true reality. If we understand each
other--if we have a rapport, she may then want to take
me deeper, and as I approach my endurance limit, she
will help me to steel myself. The ultimate, and most
rewarding aspect of rigid bondage, for me, is that
moment when I feel that I cannot endure another second
of the restraint, and I try to cry out for release.
But she will not give in when I might.

The more she keeps me bound, the more, despite my
pleas, the more I love her.
The longer I'm bound, the better it is.
The more I want to be free, the greater the ecstasy.
I would not want to fail that woman, much less myself.
She would know that I always try not to use a release
code--that despite my pleas and whimperings, hopefully
not intelligible due to my gag, that hers is the
judgment, hers the decision. Then, eventually, my
"Thank you, DEAR" for the trip from Heaven to Hell and
back would be heartfelt and sincere.
The longer she keeps me from saying it, the happier I
am. In the morning, the next day, a week later, it
doesn't matter.
She is in charge!
Thank YOU, Dear!
I love you!"

She was incredibly happy.

And so was he!
