---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: HIM
authors:
- angel_doll_maid
tags:
- Sbf
- bodymod
- piercing
- machine-f
- D-s
- electroplay
- cons
- X
date: 2006-10-10 00:00:00
---

Courtney looked at her prepared,
5’6” form in the mirror for several long moments as she thought about the
adventure that was to come. She couldn’t believe how spectacular her young,
healthy frame looked after all the trouble she’d gone through the past year to
make herself perfect for HIM. Now, she stood in the master bedroom of her rich
home and took in the image of the woman she had become.

A strict diet and exercise routine made
her already attractive form powerful and sleek. A boob job from one of the most
expensive plastic surgeons in the country gave her perfect 34F –cup breasts.
The long nipples were made even longer by pierced nipple collars; rings of
titanium steel slid far down the areole of each nipple and kept in place with a
horizontal piercing. Courtney made sure those piercings were permanent by having
them fashioned in such a way that there would be no creases or hinges available
once they were seated into place. Like her nipples, her labia each sported metal
piercings, but these were in the form of small eyelets. A glittering,
horizontally ring hung like a door knocker over her pussy from her clit. This
two inch diameter ring was also made of titanium and was so perfectly machined
as to be seamless once it closed into place. Her tongue and the septum of her
nose had similar rings, as did each ear lobe and the tip of each elongated
nipple. Small, tinkling silver bells hung from her each of her ears and each of
her nipples. The tinkling sound excited her and made her skip as she walked.

Courtney had gone through several hair
removal processes until every last hair except her long, luxurious eyelashes had
been removed. Even her head was smoothly bald without a single hair fiber. This
had been the last step in preparing her body to be the perfect slave for HIM.
Now she stood naked and completely bare before the full length mirror, silver
piercings glinting in the lamplight, a delicate smile spreading across her plump
lips.

She shivered with excitement and danced
over to the maple wood box resting on her four poster bed. Her fingers danced
with anticipation as she lifted the lid of the box and looked down into the red,
velvet lined top at a glistening steel collar, a solid ring with no apparent
hinge and contact points within its surface. Courtney let out a delighted giggle
as she looked at the specially machined collar that she would wear for HIM. But
that step was the last. First, she needed the other bands.

Delicate fingers danced down the
varnished wooden box as she opened each drawer and took out a ring polished
steel, each similar to all the others but of varying sizes and most in matching
pairs. Each collar was lined with neoprene rubber on the inside for a safe and
secure hold and was about one and a half inches in width and an eighth of an
inch thick.

Once she had all the rings laid out, she
took up the first pair and attached them to her ankles. As she closed the ring
around one ankle, the two ends slid together and let out a soft click of
finality. The ring was perfectly measured to her dimensions and hugged her ankle
closely. She smiled at the feel of the ring and attached to other to her right
ankle.

Taking a step back, Courtney examined
the gleaming steel anklets. Their craftsmanship was the best money could buy.
Not a seam was apparent and the lack of a key hole reminded Courtney that the
only one who could remove the ankle collars was HIM. Her arousal grew and it
took all of her willpower to resist masturbating right then and there. She
shivered with delight and dove back for the rings laid out on her bed.

Once she was finished, silver bands of
steel adorned each ankle, both legs above and below the knees, each wrist and
elbow, her slim waist, and the base of each plump breast. The breast collars
were her favorite accessory. Each one was designed to fit her breasts so snuggly
that it caused them to balloon and bulge ever so slightly and provided each
breast with support. These collars were also unique in that they were nearly two
inches wide, a half inch thick, and each was lined with small metal nubs that
protruded through the neoprene rubber along the inside.

It was finally time for the last step.
Courtney reached out to the three inch tall, steel collar and inspected the
rings on all four sides of the smooth surface. She smiled at the heavy feel of
those rings and the soft metallic sing they made as she shifted the collar
about. She tilted the collar and inspected the lined inside. This collar shared
the features of her breast collars, being a half inch thick and lined with
little metal nubs along the inside.

Without further delay, she brought the
ring of steel up to her throat and slipped the snug band about her neck, closing
the ends and hearing the final clicks as the locks clicked into place.

Her heart fluttered and her skin tingled
as butterflies filled her stomach. She had done it, passed the point of no
return. The excitement emanating from within began to radiate off of her body.
The culmination of a year of hard work and nearly a quarter of her fortune had
finally come to pass.

Courtney twirled about in place and
froze when she caught her image in the mirror. Her eyes slowly panned up her
glowing body, the gorgeous, bald and banded woman staring back at her looked
little like the picture of her former self hanging over the bed. A shiver of
delight ran through her body.

“Courtney, come down here at once,”
a powerful, masculine voice boomed out over the house’s intercom system.
Courtney froze in place, the butterflies returning to her stomach. It was HIM.

“Coming!” she cried out as she
dashed from her bedroom and down the hall to the stairs and down into the main
hall.

The call was repeated and the urgency
rose within Courtney as she hurried her pace so as not to displease HIM, her
bare feet slapping on the expensive tile floor as she dashed towards the back of
the house and the door leading to the basement.

“If I have to call one more time…”
the masculine voice threatened, sending Courtney’s heart aflutter with the
possible repercussions of that statement. Spurred on by her desire to please,
she flung the door open and dashed down the wooden steps and into the converted
basement.

The room was plunged into darkness
except for a single spotlight positioned in the center of the room and pointing
down to a pair of red footprint shapes and a small yellow oval. Courtney dashed
across the stone floor and stood perfectly straight with her feet carefully
perched on those red prints and her hands straight down at her sides in a
perfect “attention” pose.

The masculine voice spoke with a
predatory edge, emanating from speakers about the room, obscuring the true
direction of the speaker, “Very good, girl. Now, let me remind you of your
current position. You are to remain perfectly still. The yellow oval on the
ground marks the boundaries of the sensor grid detecting your body. It perfectly
encircles your body when you are in a ridged attention. If any part of your body
crosses that boundary, you will be punished. Is that understood?”

“Yes,” Courtney replied quickly.

“That’s ‘Yes Master’ to you,
girl.”

“Yes Master,” Courtney corrected
herself.

“Very good, this is the only time you
will be told. Failure to use the correct honorarium from here on out will result
in punishment. Is that understood?”

“Yes Master,” she responded.

“Very good.”

The lights throughout the basement
slowly grew until the entire room was visible. Directly across from where
Courtney stood was a large, flat screen computer monitor mounted on the wall and
a bank of computers. The computer monitor softly hummed and its glow intensified
until it turned blue and the letters “H – I – M” were displayed
perfectly centered.

The strong voice returned, “You are
now the slave of HIM, the Human Imitation Master. From this point on, you will
only refer to HIM as Master. You are enslaved and will obey every order given
you or be punished. You will experience pain and pleasure at your Master’s
whim. You shall never leave your home as your Master will have all necessities
delivered to you and all bills will be maintained through the use of your
private fortune. Your will is no longer a consideration. Do you understand
this?”

Courtney’s heart thudded inside her
chest as she maintained her straight and tall posture. Her eyes dropped to her
feet and thoughts began racing through her mind. This was the final failsafe.
Could she really go through with it? To be a slave for the rest of her life to
this machine, this computer she had designed at great expense to herself. A
little voice inside her head cried out for her to speak the safe word, but her
mind spiraled on waves of arousal and she imagined all the things she would be
required to do and would have to go through over the course of her life at the
“hands” of this machine.

“By responding ‘Yes Master,’ you
will complete the initiation program and will be permanently enslaved. Now, do
you understand?” the computer asked impatiently.

Courtney’s eyes rose to the blue
monitor before her and she found her voice, “Yes Master.”

The lights around the chamber began to
dim and finally went out, leaving Courtney beneath the eye of the single
searchlight above and holding her gazing into the blue glow of the computer
monitor.

“Slave, what is your name?” the
computer asked.

“My name is Courtney, Master.”

A powerful shock jolted through
Courtney’s breasts and throat as the collars activated. She let out a scream
of pain and jerked in her pose, but quickly returned to attention.

“WRONG!” the voice barked at her,
“Tell me slave. What is your name?”

Courtney froze her mouth agape, seeking
a reply but nothing forthcoming, her eyes darted about as if she could lift the
answer from the sky in front of her. Her frantic thoughts ended with a jolt of
pain through her collar and breasts.

“Too slow, slave!” The computer
reprimanded, “tell me, do slave’s have names?”

Light dawned in Courtney’s eyes, “no
Master. Not unless her Master gives her one.”

“Correct, slave,” the computer
actually sounded pleased, “what is your name, slave?”

“I have no name, Master,” the slave
replied.

“Correct, slave,” the computer
remained quiet for some time, the pause letting the statement sink in for the
slave, “would you like a name, slave?”

“Yes Master,” the slave replied. Her
body was beginning to ache with the effort to maintain the straight and tall
posture as she stood before her Master. The muscles in her arms and legs
twitched slightly from their enforced position.

“If you want a name, slave, you are
going to have to beg for one.”

The slave gasped inwardly. She was being
asked to beg an unfeeling machine to give her a name. It was degrading when she
thought about it, and those thoughts led to a warmer feeling emanating from her
loins. She wanted to masturbate, wanted to fall to the ground and pleasure
herself. But with the field up, she could barely move, barely breathe, let alone
bring herself to release. A punishing shock broke the slave’s train of
thought.

“Are you even paying attention,
slave?” That voice, so condescending. It belittled her and made her feel
small. It sounded so much like her Junior High History teacher, the only person
not to cater to her because of who her parents were. The first man she ever had
a crush on.

“I’m sorry, Master. Forgive me
Master,” the slave hastily replied, “Please Master, name me. I want to have
a name and I want you to name me, Master. Please. I’ll do anything to be
worthy of a name, Master.”

She continued along the same line of
begging with no response, her voice growing more desperate as the silence
continued. Finally, as her mouth grew dry and the sweat from the heat of the
lamp glistened on her body, the computer generated voice broke in, “Enough,
slave. Your whimpering is boring. Fine, I’ll give you a name. Your name is
Pig. Is that understood?”

Pig felt like she had been slapped. She
was to go the rest of her life with that name? Her jaw fell open but she
recovered quickly, remembering the painful corrective measures.

“Yes Master.”

“Tell me your name, slave,” the
booming voice taunted.

Pig cringed and lowered her eyes. She
quickly straightened, however, fearing she might shift her center of balance and
break the invisible barrier, “My name is Pig, Master.”

“Very good, slave. Now, let’s make
sure you don’t forget that. For the next thirty minutes, you will remain at
attention where you are, when you hear a chime, you will repeat ‘My name is
Pig, Master.’ If you delay too long in answering or if you don’t speak
clearly, you will be punished. Is that understood Pig?”

“Yes Master,” Pig automatically
replied but the thought of standing at attention for the next thirty minutes did
not appeal to her.

Her mind was reeling. What had she
gotten herself into? Her arms and legs were already quivering from maintaining
the strict position and her body was glistening with sweat, making her very
uncomfortable. Her mouth was dry and she needed a drink but she knew she
wasn’t close to dehydration. Master wouldn’t let anything happen to her. The
collar that served to punish her also served to aid in monitoring her
physiological condition. If she were ill, or needed any sort of assistance,
Master would see to her needs.

Pig looked around frantically as the
spotlight began to dim. Finally, all that was left was the dull blue glow of the
computer monitor and the three bold letters staring her in the face.

A bell chimed and less than a second
later Pig experienced a painful burst of electricity in her breasts and throat.

“My name is Pig, Master!” she
blurted.

There was a long delay and the bell
chimed again, “My name is Pig, Master.”

Her collars remained quiet. Pig sighed
in relief just when the bell quickly chimed again. She was surprised, having
expected a steady tempo. But apparently, Master would keep her on her toes. The
bell would chime at random. A jolting shock seared her breasts and she
whimpered, “My name is Pig, Master.”

For the next half hour, Pig remained at
attention and fully alert. Trapped in a void of nothingness, she anxiously
awaited to hear the coveted sound of the bell so she can hastily declare her
name.

To be continued…
