---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Boxed Up
authors:
- Adam N. Eaves
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- bodybag
- bond
- bagged
- box
- encased
- breathplay
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2003-12-16 00:00:00
---

In Memory of Diane, my soulmate, who sadly passed away after her fight with cancer and is sadly missed. I hope in leaving this legacy to your readers that they can appreciate how much fun we had in acting out these fantasies.

Diane surveyed the cardboard box with glee as it sat there on the bedroom
floor empty. It was about three foot cubed and sturdy construction, the
kind you would get a television in. She watched eagerly as her master prepared
the equipment he was going to use on her; she felt a tingle in her pussy
too as he draped the zip up body bag over the side of the box as a reminder
of what was to come. As he undressed her, Ian stroked every inch of her
tender body, preparing her for her latest ordeal, knowing that he too was
going to get such a thrill out of it.

There she stood completely naked,
almost shivering in the cold air; but was it the temperature or the trepidation
of things to come. He asked her if she was all right with this game, before
tying her ankles together and her hands behind her back. There would be
no need for gag or blindfold for once she was inside that dark body bag,
her senses would be impaired enough.

He kissed his little slave girl one final time before helping her into
the box and stepping into the body bag. Ian reached down and pulled up
the heavy zip slowly and agonisingly. The plastic felt good against her
skin, as Diane shuddered inside, goose bumps all down her arms. The bag
was up to her waist now and beginning to cling to her skin already, as
her skin began to sweat. One last look into her eyes before he zipped it
up to the top, watching that look of intensity on her face, as she disappeared
within the darkness.

With the zip all the way to the top, Ian quickly secured
it to the hanging hook by a small padlock. Diane heard it click shut and
knew there was no way out of that bag now. Next came the see through plastic
bag which would cover her top half. He eased it over her shoulders and
down to her waist, then secured it in place with a length of chain, hooked
around her neck and waist. He coiled the remainder around her legs in a
criss cross pattern before fastening it around her ankles with another
lock. As she wriggled about inside the bag, the chain made a delightful
sound.

Diane had little movement now, her arms and legs pinned together tightly,
as Ian lowered her body into the box. Squeezing in her legs into one corner
and easing her shoulders and upper body into another. Once or twice he
had to adjust the chain so that her limbs would bend into place. He stood
there and surveyed his bondage girl, tightly squeezed into that box, totally
at his mercy.

Inside the bag, Diane was already beginning to leak quite
a lot from her pussy, and she wriggled about against the chain until she
managed to position her clitty against the right spot. Ian too was becoming
aroused, and he could hear his slave girls breathing becoming laboured.
There was still some room at the top of the box and around her body, so
Ian got the duvet off the bed and stuffed it into another plastic bag,
before easing it into the box on top of Diane. He pushed down hard on it
forcing it into every available space left in that box. Diane felt it press
against her limbs and around her head, making it impossible to move or
breath properly. Again she moved her hips against the chain, squeezing
her thighs together tightly, desperately trying to hold back her impending
orgasm.

Ian now folded the flaps of the box shut and taped them down with the
thick brown parcel tape. He ran it along the bottom flaps too for good
measure making sure that there was no way any air could get into that sealed
container. His slave girl was now living on borrowed time, frantically
writhing about the best she could inside, causing the box to rock back
and forth. Her master gave the box a couple of twirls around making her
a little dizzy, before placing the box onto the large plastic sheet he
had laid out on the floor.

This was to be the last layer of his plastic
girls tomb. He folded it around the box carefully, making a neat package,
tucking in the ends and taping them as he went. At last the job was done,
all the edges were sealed up and he stood up to look at his handy work.
There was his little favourite slave in such a delightful package. Inside
the body bag and the half plastic bag, chains, duvet, cardboard box, and
plastic outer wrapper. Seconds of air remained now in that tight box, as
Diane tossed herself from side to side. Her pussy muscles contracted violently
as she began to cum, gasping for air, heartbeat deafening her.

Ian watched, listened and played with himself until he came too, wishing
it were him inside that box and feeling the panic which his slave was experiencing.
Her body still shuddering, Diane began to wonder if her master had miscalculated
this time. There were no signs of him releasing her, and she knew she would
pass out very soon if not. Fear was overcome by pleasure and the twitching
of her pussy as it continued to throb. Her body was covered with sweat
and she could feel the blood rushing to her head, as Ian tipped the box
onto its end and spun it round one final time.

He looked at his watch and
wondered just how long his little girl had been in there now. The box had
long since stopped moving and the low murmurs had died down. Maybe it was
too late he thought. What had he done, his slave trusted him so much. Had
he taken it too far this time. Quickly he began to rip at the box with
his bare hands, opened the flaps and threw the duvet out onto the floor.
Diane was lying perfectly still as he reached down and lifted her body
up. He undid the remaining chain and bag. He undid the body bag lock and
hurriedly zipped it down. Diane’s eyes were shut; he put his face near
to her mouth; she was still breathing, barely.

He cradled her in his strong arms and patted her cheek slightly. Suddenly
she gasped out loud and opened her eyes. She was exhausted and felt limp,
as she looked up at her master with thankful eyes. Yes maybe he had left
her in there a little too long this time, but she was alive, spent and
still tingling all over. Ian took her over to the bed and snuggled up to
her softly, telling her what a brave little slave girl she was and how
much he loved her. The box was still there the following morning to remind
her of her ordeal, as she kissed her master on the cheek and sighed.
