---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Julie’s Time
authors:
- Robert Deane
tags:
- Sbf
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2003-09-05 00:00:00
---

Julie's Time
by Robert Deane

**Julie's Time**
**Chapter One**
A work of fiction by Robert Deane

Julie was one of those girls who would turn heads, no matter where she
was, regardless of what she was wearing.  First, a natural blonde.
Yes, that was the word, "natural."  No help from a bottle, though
several hours in the sun seemed to turn it from blonde to almost a shiny
gold.  Plus that sweet smile.  That ever-present sweet smile.
And, as a friend once said, a 5' 4" body "to die for."  Again, all
natural, though hours on the treadmill when she was not running in the
park always helped.

You could not tell that she was now 30 and had already birthed her first
child, little less than a year ago.  No stretch marks on this girl,
she would say to herself. 
No signs of aging, at least not yet in what she knew would eventually
becoming a losing battle with Mother Nature and Father Time. And limber,
agile, able to bend in almost any position.  Her husband used to like
that, her ability to put her body in whatever position he chose, from the
moment that they first culminated their relationship, when she was in her
late teens, to little more than six months before Angela was born. 
But that was when it stopped, when she discovered the pregnancy. 
It seemed like at that moment Larry lost interest in her, when that "drop
dead gorgeous" body began to show signs of their unplanned pregnancy, and
it never resumed. Even in the months after Angela's birth, when Julie worked
hard, almost every day, to regain the figure that once had her on the cover
of magazines across the country, Larry never seemed to have that now-lost
sexual interest.

It was about six months ago that she finally got her answer: her discovery
of a magazine, video and website.  The magazine and video were in
the garage; she found them when she was looking for several old Christmas
decorations.  The website she discovered when she used Larry's computer,
the one in his office, instead of the "house computer," the one in the
family room, to find a recipe for Christmas turkey.  She had been
able to push aside the magazine and video, but the website, with all the
photographs and stories, was more than her mind could handle.

Bondage.  That's what it was called.  And other words: damsels-in-distress. 
A website of women, young women, tied in almost every imaginable position. 
Tightly tied.  "Inescapably tied," screamed the website.  Some
with clothing, others nearly naked.  And the stories, each one telling
the tale of a woman who found pleasure in bondage.  That's where Larry's
interest went to, while she was carrying Angela.

Some wives would have been shocked, some disgusted; yet others would
have made an appointment with a divorce lawyer.  But Julie was determined
to look further into this.  She knew Larry to be a kind and loving
man; if this was his interest then there had to be something erotic about
it.  This had to be something that aroused him.  And she would
discover if it also aroused her. That was where it had started, little
more than six months ago.  Her sole purpose to reinvigorate the sexual
moments in their marriage.  And here she was today, with lots of time
to think about it, as she knelt in the foyer to their house awaiting Larry's
entrance through the front door.

Not just kneeling, but bound, gagged and kneeling.  And shaking,
shuddering, from the orgasms that continually ripped through her body. 
And as her body shook, her shoulder-length blonde hair flew through the
air as if it were windblown. She had been that way for what she thought
was at least two hours, thinking about how it started and how she ended
up where she was today.  Kneeling on the foyer carpet, her ankles
and thighs tied, and her legs pulled up until her heels touched her butt
cheeks -- her bubble butt, as she always called it -- and tied tightly. 
Between her legs was a vibrator, at least 12 inches in length, its tip
touching, no, make that pressing against the most sensitive part of her
body, everything held in place by coil after coil of white rope.

It was the vibrator that was causing most of the problem, pushing her
body into one orgasm, then another, and yet another.  But with each
one she had to take great care not to tip forward -- as if that were possible. 
Her hands had been tied, palm to palm, touching.  Another unforgiving
piece of that white rope held her elbows together, forcing her arms, from
just above her elbows down to her wrists so tightly together that she doubted
if even a thin, single sheet of paper could be forced between her arms. 
And then pulled upward, at the same time forcing her to bend forward at
the waist, until her arms were almost vertical in the same direction with
her body, up and down, with a rope from her wrists then tied to a newly
installed hook in the foyer ceiling.

For some people that would have been enough.  But apparently not
for Julie.  In her mouth had been forced a bright red rubber ball
-- a ball gag, she had heard it called -- the biggest rubber ball that
she had ever seen.  She had to stretch her mouth wide to let it in;
it was then that she had felt the "pop" as it seated itself in her mouth. 
The strap beneath her flowing, blonde hair was not even necessary; that
ball was not coming out of her mouth without help, lots of help.

Then there was the last bit of torment, the clamps on her nipples. 
Before they had been put in place, her nipples had grown hard, erect, from
this bondage experience.  As each part of the bondage had been completed,
she had felt herself slide into the experience, already damp between her
legs and her nipples begging to be touched.  Hard, erect nipples on
almost perfect breasts.  It was when she was pregnant and in the short
time afterward that they grew from their 34B size.  And it was only
with constant exercise that they returned to that size, without stretch
marks.

At that last moment her mind screamed, and her mouth tried to scream,
the sound of course blocked by the large red sphere in her mouth. 
The clamps, applied one at a time, pinched her nipples tight.  But,
no, that was not enough.  Added to the chain between the clamps was
a large padlock, the kind that one would use to padlock the door to a backyard
shed.  The type that no one would mess with, large, and heavy. 
It hung from the chain, pulling on the clamps, and swinging with every
motion of her body.

How long had it been?  Two hours?  Maybe longer?  Her
body was already covered in perspiration; her thighs were soaked from the
ever-growing wetness between her legs.  Her arms ached, both from
the bondage and from the bondage position, one she thought was called a
strappado. At least Angela was not in the house, so there was no fear of
her crawling into the foyer.  Julie had prepared for this, having
her mother watch Angela for the weekend.

So there she knelt, in what she was sure was the tightest bondage that
a body could ever experience, waiting for Larry to come in the front door. 
And while she was waiting, thinking of how she came to this moment.

   \*   \*   \*

**Julie's Time**
**Chapter Two**

As best she could estimate, she had been there at least two hours, maybe
more, probably more.  Two hours of kneeling, bound and gagged, in
the center of the entranceway foyer.  Her arms pulled up, almost perpendicular,
and tied with a rope pulled up to a hook in the ceiling.  Her head,
hanging down, her mouth filled with a bright red ballgag.  And the
vibrator still buzzing away.  She thought it had slowed a bit, perhaps
the batteries, mercifully, were running down.  She had also lost count
of the orgasms long ago.  Now the only sounds in the house were that
constant buzzing and her soft, pleading squeals, often each one higher
pitched than the one before it as she was pushed into another orgasm.

Larry was to have been home by now.  But the sounds of the message
on the answer machine still bounced inside of her head. When the phone
rang, the four rings sending it to the machine, it was followed by Julie's
soft, sultry voice: "I'm sorry, I'm a little tied up right now but leave
a message and I'll call back as soon as I can."

She had changed the message to the one with the hidden meaning only
moments before her bondage experience had begun that day.  No one
would probably figure it out, not even Larry.

"Hiya, sexy" his message followed. "I'm stuck at work, and I guess you
are still at your mom's with Angela.  Call me on my cell phone when
you get home, and 
I'd head for home then.  I'm going to stick around her to finish
up that new project and if you haven't called by the time I'm done, I'll
head out with the guys for a couple of drinks."

Call me?  Her mind screamed, call me???  How was she to do
that, tied, gagged, immobile, in the foyer?  Had this plan gone too
far?  How long was she going to stay tied, waiting for Larry to eventually
come home?  Another hour?  Another two hours? Or even longer?

Her anxiety, combined with the increasing sense of helplessness, pushed
her over the edge into another mind and body numbing orgasm.  Her
body shook, from her head to her toes, each muscle reacting to the physical
and mental stimulation.  And that scream, that high pitched scream
that tried to escape from within her soul, was trapped from exiting by
the ballgag.

As she slid into the depths, the darkness, she once again saw the mental
images, the pictures, the visions, of how this had started and how she
ended up where she was at that moment, finding the magazine, the video
and the website.  Those images of bondage, the damsels-in-distress,
tightly tied and gagged, much like how she was at that moment.  It
hadn't been long after her discovery of those images that Julie began her
own search on the Net, to find out more about what seemed to have caught
Larry's interest.  And what she discovered continued to amaze her. 
Men and women who liked stories, photographs, of other women and men in
bondage.  It seemed like there were hundreds, maybe even thousands,
of places on Net where she could find it.  She eventually ended up
in a place where other people who had the same likes, a "fetish" she learned
to call it, could meet and talk. They were called "chat rooms," and some
of them did more than just chat.

Some would even play, describing in intimate detail what one would like
to do to another.  Julie would find herself transfixed, staring at
the screen, her mind taking in every word.

There were even parties, gatherings, meetings, of other people who liked
these fetishes.  Julie would often be invited to these parties; but
it would be several months before she would gather together enough courage
to even think about it, let alone attend such a party.  But each day,
as Larry would be at work and when Angela would be taking her nap, Julie
would spend time on the Net, meeting more people, and, as she later realized,
confessing more and more to one person -- his name was James -- about why
she was online and what she was looking for.  James, she discovered,
lived in the same city, on the other side of town.  And each week
James would invite her to one of the midweek, evening parties at his house. 
And each week Julie would politely decline, yet finding it more and more
difficult each week to not attend. James seemed to be the perfect gentlemen;
he rarely asked questions, instead, as Julie became more trusting in him,
she would volunteer more information.  Yet not enough, she thought,
that James could discover her real identity.

Or so she thought.

**Julie's Time**
**Chapter Three**

It had been one of those warm days, a cloudless blue sky and the sun
shining brightly, a perfect day for working in the garden.  Larry,
always the good provider, had bought the house shortly after he and Julie
were married.  As he busied himself at work, she worked just as hard
around the house, both inside and out. It was the garden that was her most
favorite spot, planting and growing many kinds of flowers on both sides
of a stone walkway.  Almost daily, when the weather cooperated and
the garden needed no further work, at least for that day, and Angela was
napping on the covered sun porch, Julie would don her daisydukes, a several-sizes-too-small
bare midriff top, sans bra, of course, and relax stretched out on a chaise
lounge, surrounded by her flowers.  She'd lay back, relax, close her
eyes, enjoy the southern California sun, and let her imagination roam.

It was on one of those days that she heard that voice, a voice she instantly
knew though she had never heard it before, a voice that caused time to
stand still.

"Hello, sweet little Julie."

Four simple words.  Yet four words that she knew would somehow
change her life, because it was James who was speaking those words. 
So many thoughts went running through her head, how had he found her, and
now that he had, what were his intentions.  Her emotions, both fear
and excitement, had taken control of her body, to the point where she feared
even opening her eyes.

She could feel the shadow, his shadow, covering her body as he stepped
closer to her.  And then, as if a full-voltage electric current had
run through her body, she could feel his hand touching hers, a forceful
yet gentle touch.  Still her eyes remained closed.  The thoughts
running through her head, the questions, were in a heartbeat overtaken
by the memory of the many fantasies that he had presented to her online,
most involving bondage and voluntary submission.

In yet another moment, she could feel his body closer to hers, his breath
on her cheek, and then his lips pressing against hers.  It seemed
so natural for her to part her own lips and to accept his tongue seeking
hers, challenging hers to a duel.  And to feel his hands, now taking
hold of both of hers, and in what seemed like a single movement, wrapping
a leather strap around them, fastened tight, as their lips continued to
be locked in that moment of intense passion.

As she dared to open her eyes, she saw...nothing.  Nothing except
the deep blue cloudless sky.  No hands, no face, no lips, no James. 
Yes, it had happened again, that fantasy to end all fantasies, that James
had somehow found her and had come to make her his bondage toy.  This
had not been the first time for this fantasy, one that James had introduced
to her in one of their many online chats.  Yet this one seemed so
real, so much that her body had already begun to react, her nipples as
hard as if touched by ice now pressing against the soft, clingy material
and her butt cheeks grinding into the seat of the chaise lounge.

It was later that day that she had sat in front of the computer and
typed the message to James telling him that she had, once again, nearly
brought that fantasy to life.  And his response, as she had come to
both expect and desire, was him telling her of his plans for her. 
Once Angela was safely in bed, still asleep, in her own room, and James
and Julie were together in her house, how he would tie his bondage toy
in many positions, each one more extreme and more inescapable than the
one that preceded it, starting with the leather strap around her wrists,
now behind her back, another strap surrounding her elbows, pulled tight
and touching.  It would end with her hog-tied on the carpet, release
only to come when she could slide across the room to where he was sitting,
in the highback chair.  She could beg, she could plead, but she would
not be released until she had crossed the room on her stomach to where
he now sat.  That was the rule.  Each movement would cause those
sensitive parts of her body to rub against the carpet, her nipples, hard
and yet so aware of each thrust across the carpet, and her nether region,
now soaked from her numerous orgasms.

As she read the words on the screen, his words to her, as he described
it in the most intimate of detail, she knew without doubt that she had
been drawn, ever so willingly, into his world.

\*  \*  \*

© 2000 Deane Productions This Story may not be reproduced, copied,
edited, published, transmitted or uploaded in any way without the written
permission of 
Deane Productions
