---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sabrina Covington
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- M-ff
- F-f
- bond
- chloroform
- cons
- X
---

She’s that complex mix; that rare and unique combination of innocent
submissiveness and in-control seductively. Sabrina Covington is the
quintessential ’10,’ with all the trimmings, bells and whistles; the
thirty-five-year old woman with the twenty-five-year-old body, the
eleven-year-old outlook, and a brand of determination and courage rarely seen in
damsels of her variety.

Tall and handsome in tight-waist suits; devastating in teasing underwear,
and totally awesome naked, Sabrina sticks out and into things like a symphonic
harp in a room filled with kettledrums.

High strung and positively smashing in sky highs, she’s that special,
hip breed of woman without peer, who loves living, and works at it by
surrounding herself with all the things, situations and people that make her
happy and fulfilled.

Bree’s got a very controlled way about her, betrayed only by a
mysterious longing; a kind of hungry radar, pulsating from out of the epicenters
of those perfect blue peepers of hers; ricocheting glances in perfect time and
space; revealing the essence of her bent to those of us who know what to look
for, and where.

Sabrina doesn’t reveal her kink to everyone; only to the man she loves.
I’m the fortunate one who happened to come along at the perfect place and
time; the man she could not resist; the quiet opportunist who lucked out looking
for the perfect damsel in distress, and ended up falling in love with the
classic bondage wench.

It all started with a note in my mailbox. No, ‘note’ isn’t quite
the right word to describe one of Sabrina’s epistles. I will try to paraphrase
it down from its original thousand or so words. (She does tend to go on a bit.)

Here’s the crux of her bent: ‘Hi, John: my name is Sabrina, and I’d
love to watch TV with you tonight… You can tie me up on the couch if you like,
and I’ll do my best to get out… I’ve got loads of rope and wine and
time… I’m in 5J… How about we connect at my place around 7:30… We’re
bound to have fun… Please be on time. I do love to wait, but not when I’m
free, unless you aren’t. Love, Bree.’

She answered the door in a bright-red, tight-fitting tank top, no bra,
and cut-to-the-crotch, Daisy Dukess. Super high, bright-red heels, strapped on
at the ankles with the thinnest of leather belts completed her breathtaking
effect.

The look on her face said, ‘You ain’t seen nothin’ yet.’

“Wow” was my hesitated comeback at the door.

She blushed a bit before doing her line with a wide, excited smile.

“Hi, please come in. You’re early.”

I stepped in and turned to watch Sabrina close and lock the door. The
unmistakable smell of nail polish filled the room. I took a deep breath.

‘Mmmmm- Revlon.’…

A peek into the living room inspired a second ice-breaker.

“Nice place you have her.”

I was immediately in love with her, and she with me. We were like two
kids locked in a candy store for the night. She moved gracefully into the room,
calm as can be. We sat on the couch, she to my right.

“You said not to be late, so I decided to be early,” I heard myself
say before thinking, ‘Shmuck.’

“Pardon me while I finish my nails,’ she said while bringing her
knees together. “What do you think of this shade?”

Sabrina has stunning hands; damsel hands, and by the way she choreographs
them, they beg, pray and wish to be tightly lashed together at the wrists.
(Where else?)

“My favorite red,” I said, and then thought, ‘I must be
dreaming.’

She did the right pinky and replaced the applicator. A mischievous smile
flashed at me while Sabrina screwed the top back onto the bottle and placed it
on the glass clear coffee table in front of us. It’s one of those inch-thick
monsters, perfect for spread-eagles, or whatever.

“I’ll be dry in a few minutes,” she said with a wink and an
inviting smile. Then, while reaching for a bottle on the table, she revealed
more of her bent. “This is chloroform. Do you know how to use it?”

‘Is Whitney Prescott top-heavy?’

I nodded a ‘yes’ and marveled at how easily things were going.

‘I’ve got to do something about all this formality.’

I love making things interesting when dealing with too-willing damsels.

“What, exactly, did you have in mind?”

Sabrina unscrewed the chloroform cap and took a tiny sniff.

“I love waking up in tight, inescapable bondage. It’s my fantasy; my
turn-on.” She was beginning to fidget a bit. “That wicker chest in the
corner is where I keep my gear,” she said with a smile.

And I thought, ‘It’s time to pop the obvious question.’

“Why me, Sabrina?” My inquisitiveness grew severely sincere.
“We’re utter strangers.”

She let a few curious beats go by…

“Not really. My scrapbook will tell it all.”

After screwing it's cap back on, she carefully placed the chloroform
bottle down on the glass and pointed to the dining room table. I stood slowly
and headed for it as she locked her fingers together in her lap and smiled
pleasantly.

The album was filled with downloaded hard copies of stories I’d written
for various, bondage websites. Originals and photo copies of others from vintage
magazines, illustrated with drawings and pictures, were also meticulously
laminated with clear plastic.

‘She’s got good taste.’

I smiled with surprise and asked, “How did you know I was me. Nobody
knows my real name…and how the hell did you find me, let alone an apartment in
this…The waiting list for a one-bedroom is a mile long.”

Sabrina smirked with hidden satisfaction.

“My secret,” she said while glancing at the glass top coffee table.
“Would you do me like you did Dawn in ‘Taunted Bound?’

I walked back into the living room and stood in front of her.

“Stand up. I always sample a bottle of wine before I drink it.”

Sabrina rose slowly from her restless confidence, with hands behind her
back. Thanks to the heels, we were both the same height. I let a few eye-to-eye
beats go by before letting her know from hence I came.

“I am going to give you more than what is in the scrapbook.”

A dreamlike aura surrounded the electrifying consummation of our first
kiss. Like two pats of soft butter coming together for as long as it takes to
melt into each other. I gripped her shoulders with both hands and pulled Sabrina
to me. We closed our eyes and peeked into each other’s souls. A pleasantly
paralyzing heat engulfed us.

‘Wow,’ we thought, with awe and relief. It was a comfort to know we
both knew well how to suck face.

**Twenty-Minutes Later**

Sabrina was unconscious and stretched out on her glass top coffee table.
She lay on her side, held to the cool, smooth surface by very tightly drawn
lines of quarter inch nylon, running from the elbow bind to the head end of the
table and under to the other end, where it was knotted to the ankle cinch
hanging off the edge of the glass. Her legs were parallel bound above and below
the knees as well.

Bree’s wrists were bound, palm-to-palm, behind her back;
the elbow cinch was especially tight too. Her gag was face cloth stuffing held
in with Ace bandage and four turns of line over that at the mouth. Another line
ran from that line collection at the back of her head, down and over the wrist
cinch, then between her legs and up to her big-brass belt buckle, which I had
tightened one more notch.

I hadn’t undressed her. I figured, why rush things. We were in no
hurry. Besides, she did say to do her like Dawn in ‘Taunted Bound,’ and I
was not about to disappoint the request. Why get off on the wrong foot.

‘If she isn’t Dawn, nobody is,’ I thought with glee as I stood
there, tugging on the crotch rope and waiting for Bree to wake up and into my
fantasy-come-true…Hers too.

‘And I was gonna go to the movies tonight.’

Her head rested on a throw pillow, her pony tailed blonde hair draped
gracefully atop the cool glass surface of the table.

‘Wonder how she blew my cover and found out where I live.’

**8:31 PM**

“Muuh…mmuhuh…”

Sabrina woke quickly from the beginnings of a very arousing dream and
soon discovered the inescapable details of her situation. As she did, I pulled
on the crotch rope line, forcing her head back and off the pillow until the
tension maxed out and she realized that moving her head forward would tighten
both the gag and crotch rope severely.

“Muhuhuh,” moaned my newfound mega-fan as she took stock of her
wished-for, but very demanding dilemma.

A deep breath made Bree abundantly aware that her upper body had been
tightly encased in several turns of thick rope, from just above her ample
breasts to Sabrina’s 24-inch waist. Her stunning mounds popped out proudly
against the red tank top, making their exquisite presence known in all the right
places.

‘What a fox.’

A line from her wrist cinch to the lower thigh circles displayed her
hands neatly and helplessly, with fingers flailing provocatively in all
directions.

‘ALLRIGHT!’ she appreciated to herself, with profound respect for my
uncompromising ability.

She swooned in obvious approval, or so it seemed.

“I’m glad you concur. How about I leave you to your thoughts for a
spell while I pop up to my place for the DVD video version of ‘Taunted
Bound.’ You will be the first outsider to see it.”

I didn’t wait for an answer. Instead, I knelt and pressed my mouth up
against her right ear.

“Say ‘yes.’ I think I am in love with you.”

“Muuhh,” she again approved. ‘And he’s got it on DVD? YESSS!’

The feel of fingers pinching and toying with Sabrina’s right nipple
shifted her comments into higher exertions of tonal and body English. She pulled
her head forward as far as the line and gag would allow, twisting and squirming
for all she was worth.

“MMMUHUHUH!”

Her fingers fanned out sexily; her hips contracted, and every rope around
Sabrina’s sumptuous figure tightened against the effort.

‘This is too exquisite for words.’

“I know this is not in the story,” I explained, “but I do love the
way your nipples are responding.”

She watched as I carefully fashioned a slip knot lasso out of some thick
dental floss I’d found in her bathroom and knelt again to contain the base of
her right nipple in its insisting grip. (I’d cut holes in the tank top while
she was unconscious.) She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and savored the
move.

‘Mmmmuhuhuh.’

“We have miles to go before we sleep this night, my love.”

The other nipple was soon brought closer to its twin by a half inch or so
by the floss tether. I then ran a thin line from its center to the wall, where I
affixed the top of the chloroform bottle to its end and lowered it between the
four inch gap that separated the wall and the couch. The fix brought a good ten
ounces of pressure to bear upon the indelicate extension of Sabrina’s nipples.

Again, she swooned and tugged on the crotch rope with her head, and took
another deep breath to see what other effect it would have on the nipple tether.

“MMMUHUHU!”

“There,” I said, with extreme satisfaction as I stood and backed out
of Sabrina’s outrageous aura, while saying, “I’ll be back,” like the
Governor of California.

I was out the door in a flash, leaving my very informed damsel to her
frenzy of need and frustrated passion, making sure to disengage the bottom lock
button so as not to need her keys upon my return.

And Sabrina Covington thought, after hearing the door close and hoping I
had the presence of mind to press the lock button, ‘He’s as far out as I am;
maybe even further, if that is possible…Fantastic!’

She tore into her bondage, using every bit of her strength and ingenuity,
bringing the heat of her needs to new heights of arousal and frustration.

‘This is awesome,’ she realized, just before her first multiple began
to implode without warning, sending Bree into a tail spinning, mindless fit of
gushing ecstasy.

“Muh. Muhuhuh. MMMMMUHUHUHUHU!”

So it went for several wild minutes of fearful fantasy fulfillment.

‘Geeze, I hope he had the presence of mind not to lock me in.’

Her keys had been well hidden.

“MMMMUHUHUH! MMMMMUHUHUHUHUH!!!”

When I got back to the apartment, my answering machine carried an
interesting piece of news.

“John: this is Marnie,” a pleasantly upset damsel friend of mine
blurted. “Please call me back as soon as you can. It’s very important.”

I immediately returned the call.

“Hi, it’s JR, what’s doin’?’

“John: thank God I got you before tomorrow. Can you come down for a few
minutes? There’s something I must tell you, and it can’t wait or be talked
about over the phone.”

“Be there in five minutes.”

“Great. Bye.”

She sounded like a kid with a new toy. Marnie lives in the apartment just
below me. I grabbed the DVD and made a quick call…

“Vic: It’s me. Hate to pull the plug on your project, but I need my
camera equipment right now…”

Marnie’s one of those hot-to-trot-anytime babes, whose need for rope
bondage keeps several of us busy on a two-to-thirty-times-a-week basis. She
greeted me at the door with a smile.

“Hi. You brought a video?”

I walked briskly into the apartment and turned as she closed and locked
the door.

“Make it fast, darlin’, I’m late for an appointment.”

She scoped my shoulder bag and smiled as she stood there in her tightest
faded jeans, high-heeled cowgirl boots and white, skin-tight T-shirt.

“Too bad, I was hoping you might want to get into one tonight.”

I took a long, disappointed look at her top-heavy figure and flinched in
fond remembrance. She reached for a piece of rope hanging from the doorknob and
put her arms seductively around my neck. Marnie had always wanted tie me up too.

“C’mon,” she sighed. “Besides, I have a lot to tell you, and it
needs your undivided attention.”

“Sorry, babe, but I really have to get going. Can you tell me
tomorrow?”

She kissed me hard on the lips, and worked her mouth around my face and
up against my right ear into which she whispered, “5J needs a friend. I gave
her your number and told her to call tomorrow. She’s a big fan of yours. Wanna
hear more?”

The feel of bra-less breasts blessed my chest as Marnie took my upper
arms in hand and pushed them back and together behind my back.

“Her name is Sabrina, and she’s never been alone in bondage with a
man.”

I smiled and made some quick plans.

“Tell you what, how about you tell me all about her on the way to and
after my appointment.”

She took a deep, incredulous breath and asked, “Are you inviting me to
a session?” She fiddled with the rope and tried to do my elbows, but I stopped
her before it was too late. “It must be an important session.”

My tone waxed masterful.

“Give me the rope and turn around.”

**A Few Minutes Later**

We stood at the door to Sabrina’s apartment. Marnie’s astonishment
was intense, to say the least.

“Muh?”

“Think we should ring?” I smiled.

She thought for a second or two before shaking her head in the negative.

“Muhuh.”

I gripped her arm roughly when Marnie tried to turn and head for home.

“Why not?” My tone was decidedly suspecting. “Is there a
problem?”

She stared at me through the top of her hood. It was connected to a
knee-length, red-velvet cape, which covered up nicely anything that might have
been going on underneath. Only the two of us knew what was behind the large,
brass zipper that ran from just under her nose down to the hem of the cape.

“Tell you what,” I whispered mischievously, “if the door’s
unlocked, we’ll invite ourselves in…If not, we’ll leave, and you can have
your way with me. Okay?”

‘Thank God,’ she thought, with mixed expectations, knowing from
experience that when it came to offering choices I always seemed to come out on
top.

Marnie nodded a quick ‘yes.’ She ‘knew’ that Sabrina never left
her door unlocked.

‘Then again, this is John’s game.’

“What did you say her name was, Sabrina?”

I smiled and grabbed the knob, turning it slowly and deliberately as
Marnie watched in amazement and felt my arm pull her close. She stared deeply
into my knowing eyes as I raised both brows in mock surprise. I then leaned my
shoulder up against the door and drew my semi-unsuspecting damsel closer.

“I guess we’re invited.”

In we went, moving as one into the hallway. Of course, both my consort
and lover had no choice in the matter. Sabrina’s bondage made it impossible to
see who was at the door, but a sixth or seventh sense told her not to worry.

‘It’s GOT to be,’ she prayed, with extreme concern. She also sensed
the presence of a second party… ‘Nah.’

I slammed the door and secured it with lock, chain and dead bolt.
Marnie’s eyes almost popped out of her head when she saw what was happening on
the coffee table.

‘What’s happening?’ she thought as she squirmed and danced in
her ropes, frozen in her tracks and suspended in a moment of surprise that
transcended any moment she’d ever stood surprised in before. ‘When will I
ever learn?’

I took her by the arm and headed for the bathroom. She looked up at me
with mixed respect, while relenting to the sheer momentum of her current
absurdity.

‘I’m impressed.’

“It’s *me*, Sabrina. I’ve
got business in the bathroom. I won’t be more than a minute or ten.”

She was about ten minutes away from wanting out anyway.

“Muh!”

I unzipped Marnie’s cape and let it drop to the floor before guiding
her into the bathroom. After sitting her on the commode, I turned on the light,
closed the door, and admired the way her breasts bulged out between the several
turns of thick rope that welded her arms to her torso. She looked up at me and
then down at the hard pressed bump in my crotch, while her head swam in a sea of
question marks.

“Muh,” she commented, from behind her ball gag and duct tape wrap,
before thinking, ‘Are they in cahoots, or what?’

“Quiet,” I whispered, sternly. “I don’t want her to know you’re
here until the last minute. Know what I mean?”
And Marnie thought,
with mild concern and deep humility, ‘I was set up.’

I pulled a five-foot length of thick line from my shoulder bag, knelt
down in front of her hot-n-bothered astonishment, and parallel bound her booted
ankles together as tightly as I could. She watched with eyes wide, expressing
the magic of the moment as only a rabid, bondage damsel’s eyes can.

‘Maybe he can read my mind.’

“You should have called me immediately about Sabrina.” I whispered,
with a note of strict concern in my tone. “Her first time in bondage with a
man; a man she has a crush on, no less…Really.”

By now, Marnie was well into the significance of things as looks of
extreme uncertainty trenched her forehead with worry lines, causing her to fist
and flare her sexy fingers in a gesture of fervent distress.

“Is that tight enough for you,” I asked, with a note of villainous
aplomb in my delivery…Marnie likes it tight, which gave me the perfect excuse
to pull out all the stops on the severest fix I’d ever put her into. “Is
that the way I taught you to handle first-timers.”

Flashbacks of training conversations we’d had about just such a matter
bounced around in her thinking, especially the parts that mentioned disciplinary
action, should she not learn her lessons according to my very specific
specifications.

Marnie knew by now that she was in for it.

‘Lucky me.’

“Mmuhuh,” she tried to explain, while her sexy physique twisted and
squirmed in an attempt at stirring my hidden understanding.

“Yeah-yeah, I know; you told her to call tomorrow. Not good enough. Now
stand up so I can do your upper legs.”

**Six Minutes Later**

With her knees facing the plumbing, I used 50-feet of tight rope to
unmercifully hogtie Marnie on her stomach in the bathtub. A taught line, running
from the soap hole handle in the wall to the crotch rope configuration, insured
against her getting into more trouble than she was already in. As with her
latest find on the coffee table, she, too, enjoyed the added extra of having a
line to her pussy, by way of a firmly secured, rope gag line. It forced her head
back as far as it would go, making certain her nose would stay parallel to the
spigot no matter what she did.

“Shall we turn on the water, Marnie dear?”

My menacing dare was genuine; the drain plugged. Of course, she thought
me incapable of doing such a thing. I did it anyway.

“You’d better pray I return before things get too out of hand.”

I sat on the rim of the tub and adjusted the water to lukewarm.

“Next time, call me the minute you know something I don’t know.”

Meanwhile, on the coffee table, Sabrina’s vitals imploded for the last
time.

Marnie’s sexy, clear-gloss-tipped fingers flailed when a sharp,
electric jolt of fear-filled excitement shot from her pounding heart to her
impatient pussy.

‘Oh-my-God, he’s actually going to leave me here like this. GEEZ!

Anything could happen while I’m in
here all alone, bound up and all.’

She recalled a recent mishap with another bondage ‘master’ and took a
deep breath.

‘Woah!’

The tub was filling up at the rate of a gallon a minute.

“Are things real enough for you, darlin’?” I chided as I stood,
closed the shower curtain, and opened the door.

Marnie couldn’t see me leave, and prayed I was still there when she
heard the door close. I wasn’t.

Meantime, Sabrina thought, when she heard the water filling the tub,
‘He’s taking a BATH?!’ The possibility tweaked her fear to the max.
‘That could take more than a half hour.’

“MMMMUHUHUH!”

She had totally spent herself getting into the realization of her wildest
flight of imagination. I sat down in front of her on the couch. She looked up at
me and at the chloroform bottle in my hand.

‘OMG!’

She was exhausted.

‘I should have waited for tomorrow, like Marnie insisted.’

I smiled and waved the bottle at her, saying, “Want s’more?”

After undoing the ropes that held Sabrina to the coffee table, I lifted
and carried her into the bedroom, where we lay together on the four-poster,
double brass bed that dominated the room. I sponged the sweat from her brow with
my handkerchief and kissed her affectionately about the neck, shoulders and
head.

“I love your bed…I’m going to undo the knots holding the crotch
rope in place. So prepare yourself. There will still be tension, but it will
give way as you move your head forward and onto the pillows. Got all that?”

“Muh.”

When the knots were loosed, I massaged the back of her neck as she pulled
her head forward and plopped it onto the pillows.

‘I love how he handles me.’

“Be back in a sec.”

Sabrina looked up at the ceiling mirror and got into appreciating the
comfort and complexity of the bind.

‘Marnie was right. He knows exactly how I like being done.’

“Mind if I make a call?” I asked while re-entering the room and
sitting on the edge of the bed.

Sabrina spotted the chloroform bottle on the night table. I picked up the
phone and punched in a fake call.

“Hi, Marnie: this is John.”

Sabrina flinched with surprise, causing her eyes to go wide with concern
and her groin to fill with another unexpected rush of twitching moisture.

“What’s happening?...Oh?...What’s her name?...When?...Great. I
can’t wait.” I turned and flashed Sabrina a wide smile. “Really? How old
is she?...Kidnapped?...Super…Sounds like a fun gal…Can’t
wait…Okay…Talk to you soon…Sure…B’bye.”

I hung up the phone without breaking eye contact. Sabrina blushed red
when she saw me reach for the knock-out juice, writhing disapprovingly as she
flashed back to her conversation with Marnie the night before.

**Flashback**

“Yeah, I’ve been trying to tie’m up for as long as I know’m,”
confessed Marnie. “But every time an opportunity presented itself, I lost a
bet, or gave the wrong answer, or blew it for reasons I am too embarrassed to
admit.”

“I don’t get it,” said Sabrina while thumbing through an old
bondage magazine and getting more and more impatient about when Marnie would set
up a meet with me.

“So, here’s the deal,” continued Marnie. “I want you to wait
another day before calling him. Meanwhile, since I know we were never meant to
be with each other the way I’m sure he’ll wanna be with you, I’m gonna set
him up by putting knock-out drops in his beverage. He’ll be pissed as hell,
but who cares. I will have had my night and way with John, and that’s all I
care about at this point.”

**Back To Real Time**

“MMMUHUH!” said Sabrina when she pondered the possibility of being
left the way she was while I got waylaid by Marnie, drugged-n-tied up, and used
all night.

I unscrewed the cap to the chloroform bottle and watched her body
language shift into a frenzied display of genuine, unbridled fear.

‘What have I done?’

“So you wanna be kidnapped,” I reminded, dryly, while lying down next
to Sabrina’s maniacal display of damsel-in-severe-distress struggling and
bringing the bottle closer to her lower face.

Her frantic protestations required I wrap my legs around her and grab the
ponytail to keep from missing the chloroform target just below her nose. It soon
became abundantly obvious, for whatever unbeknownst reason of which I was not
yet aware, that Sabrina’s refusal to cooperate was genuinely called for…

I tried another approach.

“REALLY!”

She felt my lips caressing the most sensitive areas of her long, luscious
neck; biting, licking, sucking, air-brushing and loving every square inch.

“I love you, Sabrina Covington,” I assured her, while dripping a few
drops of fantasy juice on the Ace, just below her nose. “There’s no need to
worry. When you wake up, I’m going to make you crazy.”

She held her breath as long as possible, wiggling wildly in her bondage
for a few unbelievable moments before getting extremely aroused and going out
like a light.

“MMMUHUHUH! MUHUH!
Muh….uhuh…mmmuhuh…” ‘Oh, shit.’

“When it rains it pours.”

Marnie was suspended in a constant state of spasm.

‘This can’t be happening,’ was all she could think. ‘This isn’t
happening…What’s happening?’

I entered quietly. She paid no attention. She had no attention to pay.
The water level was well past her collar bone.

“Listen up, Marn. Sabrina is tied and asleep on her bed. I’m going to
untie her and leave a note on the bedroom mirror. If my calculations are correct
(They always were), show time will be in nine or fifteen minutes. The water
level should be up to your chin by then. Wanna take a chance on things going as
planned, or should I turn off the water?”

I gave her alternatives time to sink in.

“Make a fist with your right hand if you want me to leave things as
they are.”

What a moment that was. I could barely control myself. She hesitated a
few seconds and made the wrong fist, by ‘mistake.’

“I’ll be in my apartment. Tie her up in her sexiest underwear and
heels, and deliver her, un-gagged, under the cape. Got that?”

“Muh.”

Marnie closed her eyes and breathed deeply into her ropes.

“You look absolutely perfect. Have fun.”

I smiled and left the room.

Marnie heard the door close and thought, ‘Why didn’t he turn off the
water? I made the right fist.’

It was still clinched.

‘Oh-SHIIIIIIT! What have I done?’

It was obvious another part of her had made the ‘right’ decision. She
pondered the significance of the ‘mistake’ while doing her best to ignore
what was going on between her legs. Talk about trying to achieve the impossible.

‘He gave me a choice, so there’s gotta be a solution.’

She took a deep, rapturous breath and got into another blissfully
hopeless escape attempt.

‘This is the tightest one yet.’

There was, of course, a fail safe solution to Marnie’s life-threatening
predicament; a solution she’d have to discover within fifteen minutes if
things didn’t go according to plan.

‘I gotta let go to the multiple to clear my head so I can think
straighter.’

Meanwhile, in the bedroom, I listened to Marnie’s muffled screams
before undoing Sabrina and stroking my rock hard erection to its way-overdue
conclusions.

Marnie spent the next dozen minutes vacillating between the overwhelming
enjoyments of the situation and trying to figure out a way to keep the water
level from rising higher than what she knew would be an ‘impossible’
situation, what with the drain being well out of reach and all.

‘Why the HELL didn’t I make a fist with my left hand?’

“Well,” I chuckled to myself as I wrote in lipstick ‘GO TO THE
BATHROOM, NOW!’ on the mirror in front of Sabrina’s four-poster and said,
“She did say she wanted to be a real damsel in distress someday. I guess this
is the day.”

I then headed for Vic’s to pick up my camera equipment.

Marnie went nuts with torn supposition, struggling wildly as the slamming
of the apartment door added its two cents to the anxious mix of speculative
thought bouncing around her powers of deduction.

‘Maybe there IS no fail safe solution to this,’ she reflected while
trying to see how far up the water level had progressed and dealing with the
tightest, most dangerous and demanding fix I or anyone had ever placed her into.
But the more she thought and writhed in the ecstatic throws of her multiple, the
more grateful she was for the no-choice, expanding horizon of her three-year
experience with bondage…

**Several Anxious But Pleasurable Minutes
Later**

“MMUHUHUH!!!”

That’s when something autonomic happened. While flailing and stretching
her fingers in an attempt at reaching a knot or two, Marnie’s right hand
inadvertently grabbed onto the suspension line connected to the soap hole handle
above. At first, she just held onto it, but when the rising tide reached the tip
of her chin, and the line tension slackened a bit, she realized there was enough
water in the tub to achieve a modicum of buoyancy.

All she had to do was pull her thoroughly hogtied body up the suspension
line when the depth of the water was right. The drain hole under the spigot
would then keep it that way until the chloroform wore off. Only trouble was,
since her wrists were crossed, she could only use one hand at a time, which
meant that, unless she could figure out a way to shimmy up the rope, there was
no way Marnie could pull herself out of harm’s way.

‘There’s GOT to be a way.’

There was, but she was too involved with the multiple to exert enough
concentrated thought to the problem.

‘This is MADDENING,’ screamed Marnie within herself while the water
started to tease her nostrils with the irreversible knowledge that if she
didn’t figure things out, and soon, her lungs would begin to fill with H2O
within a matter of minutes.

“MMUHUH…MMMMMUHUHUHUH!!!!” she whaled as the multiple reached the
end of ITS rope and her body bobbed up high enough to give her an extra inch of
slack onto which to grab hold with both her middle and index fingers.

‘Oh,’ figured my most audacious damsel as she wound the tether round
her fingers and raised her body to a buoyancy point well above the danger zone
of her wildest bondage dream.

**Later**

Sabrina began to regain consciousness. As she did, the phone signaled.

‘I’m untied…’

The memory of what had happened just before the knockout juice had been
applied made her instantly horny.

‘Maybe that’s him.’

“Hello…Oh, hi Mom…I’m good. You?”

Her back was to the mirror, but she could hear the water filling up the
tub.

“Oh, nothing much; I was just taking a nap…No, that’s OK.”

Thanks to the sound of the water, Marnie could not hear anything outside
of her immediate, audio awareness. She hung onto the rope and gradually lost
both her anxiety and the damsel-in-distress overtones that had dominated the
singular event thus far…

‘Shit.’

Sabrina stood from the bed to wind things up with mom just before
catching a peripheral glimpse of what I’d written on the mirror.

“Oh-shit…Oh, nothing, mom; gotta go. Talk to you soon.”

**An Hour Or So Later**

Vic Spooner locked the door to his apartment and wondered, ‘What’s he
up to tonight?’ The walk to the elevator engendered further speculation. ‘He
is into music. That’s it; he’s doing a music video. Who isn’t, these
days.’

He decided against dropping by.

Our apartments are on the same floor, but on opposite sides of a
one-hundred-ten foot hallway. Vic’s place is closer to the elevator. Before he
could press a button, the lift door opened, and Sabrina, decked out in the
red-velvet cape and sky high pumps, stepped into the hallway, followed by Marnie,
who was barefoot and dressed in loose fitting jeans and T-shirt.

Vic was immediately taken by Sabrina.

“Hi, Marnie: what’s up?”

“Hi, Vic: meet Sabrina Covington. Sabrina: meet Vic Spooner.”

Bree made two, apprehensive fists behind her back and prayed while her
newfound neighbor continued staring uncomfortably with awe and surprise. The
elevator door started to close. They let it go without taking notice; all three
standing and fidgeting with the moment, trying to get into a more relaxed
posture.

“….Well,” blurted Vic, “can I invite you two over for a drink or
something?”

He could not take his eyes off his new neighbor’s tastefully made up
features. With bright red, pouting lips and deep set, blue tinted eyes, her
gorgeous facial effect framed perfectly and invitingly by the cape’s hood. A
look down at her shoes and calves swelled his curiosity.

Marnie smiled gleefully at Vic’s blatant ignorance of her presence, and
decided right then and there to do a number on him as soon as possible.

“Sabrina’s got an appointment, but I’d love to.”

Vic jumped at the opportunity to keep the Bree connection open by
settling for second best.

'For now'...“Great. I hope we meet again, Sabrina Covington.”

She said nothing while Marnie go closer to Vic’s disappointment.

“You don’t mind if I beg off, do you, Sabrina darling?”

Bree smiled nervously.

“No, not at all; go ahead; I will make your apologies to…uh…the
girls.”

Marnie took hold of Vic’s arm and quickly steered him around and back
down the hall.

“…So, how have you been, stranger?”

Vic stared back at Sabrina, hungrily. Covington hesitated a tenuous
second or three to collect herself, breathing deeply before turning and heading
for my apartment without looking back.

‘This is absolutely the most outrageous and exciting thing I have ever
done in my entire life.’

And Vic thought, ‘The girls? What girls?’

Bree’s steps were slow and deliberate. A brief eternity went by. She
heard Vic’s door slam, and sighed with relief.

‘She’s something else,’

The elevator door opened, but no one got off; only she didn’t know
that.

‘Wow.’

I was in the living room when Damsel Bree pressed her nose against my
doorbell button. The cape was zippered to the neck; the hood draped gracefully
about her hair and shoulders. She took another deep breath and writhed excitedly
in her ropes, halfheartedly hoping nothing too unexpected would happen next. A
glance down the hall eased her composure somewhat when she discovered it was
still empty.

I opened the door slowly, dressed in nothing but my tightest fitting tan
cords. We checked each other out for a few tantalizing seconds, enjoying the
moment as only lovers can. My first words were prerecorded.

“I’m pleased you decided to accept my invitation,” I smiled as I
looked for Marnie.

‘Will she ever learn?’

“Come in, please.”

Sabrina also looked, but said nothing. We exchanged concerned glances.
She glided into the apartment and waited on my next direction.

“Nice place you’ve got here.”

We both chuckled happily, but somewhat uncomfortably.

“Thanks. Make yourself at home.”

We were electrified with kinky love. After closing the door, I turned to
her, and she to me. Our lips came together like static electricity and lint;
mine being the lint. I gripped her shoulders and arms as I gently drew her to
me. My hands felt the stringent complexity of rope work through the thin, red
fabric.

“Wow. What did she do to you?”

My concern was semi-genuine.

Sabrina gave me a kinky look and bent her neck to the right.

“Everything I told her to do. Aren’t you going to unzip me?”

“In a bit, my sweet, in a bit; first sit on the white hassock in the
middle of the living room.”

I gave Bree a long, send-off kiss and let her go.

“You look super in red.”

She walked slowly and curiously to the white, circular-leather hassock,
turned, and with some difficulty, sat. A twinge of arousal flashed back at me
with the lowering of her head, the raising of her eyes, and the slight parting
of Sabrina’s irresistible lips, giving me pause to believe a crotch rope had
been applied to her freshly moistened crevice.

I followed close behind with ropes in hand, kneeling to the task of
binding Bree’s legs together at the ankles, calves, and lower thighs with
three lengths of 3/8ths nylon rope.

“Is that TV camera turned on?” she wondered aloud. Her delivery was
decidedly playful.

I looked up from the ropes and into Sabrina’s trusting eyes.

“Only if you want it to be.”

I finished up while she turned the answer over in her severely distracted
thinking.

‘Great calves.’

“My first gift to you,” she offered, in deference to the video
wrinkle, as another rush of blood inundated Sabrina’s groin and she completely
let go of all self-control.

‘Another first,’ she thought with glee.

“Stand up,” I said, while taking her shoulders in hand. We kissed on
the way up and got into some serious grinding. Her breasts felt odd against my
chest. “What’s going on under there?” I asked between kisses.

She flashed me a seductive smile.

“I’m amazed you haven’t looked yet.” I heard something drop
on the floor behind her.

“I want s’more,” she purred.

It was the chloroform bottle.

“You are truly a damsel after my own heart, Sabrina Covington.” I stepped back a few
inches and slowly unzipped the cape without looking too hard at what was
underneath. Bree watched with surprise as I placed the white-plastic bottle on
the lamp table.

“I love you, John.”

No woman had ever said that to me quite the same way.

I took the top of the cape into my hands with two, tight-fisted grips and
did my Bogart.

“And don’t you forget it, kid.”

We smiled softly.

Sabrina’s lips pressed into mine; our tongues groped and prodded in all
directions. She writhed ecstatically in her ropes, but I refused her more than
just mouth-to-mouth consummation, stepping back and reaching into my bag while
Bree did her best to maintain her own balance in bondage.

“You’d better sit down before you fall down.”

She did, and immediately felt the pressure of ball gag invading her
moist, red lips. It was big and red and fit perfectly into Sabrina’s gaping
sexiness. I tightened the strap to the max, walked to the camcorder, and turned
things on.

“When you hear the music, I want you to do your best to lose the cape,
slowly, without getting up from the hassock. Then do a slow, 360 degree turn so
we can see just how tied up you are.

She lowered her head. I punched up a cut befitting the occasion: Donna
Summer’s “I Feel Love.”

‘I love it,’ thought Sabrina with a silent chuckle. ‘I absolutely
love it.’

Of course, the only way she could lose the cape was to twist and writhe
in an attempt at escape, making it look as if it came off without her wanting it
to.

‘I adore how he makes me make love to him.’

I faded up from a black frame…She slowly raised her head and launched
herself into an escape attempt.

And I thought, ‘What a trooper.’

The camcorder stood atop a tripod. I got behind it, watching and touching
myself in profound awe of what Sabrina was doing to lose the cape, while turning
slowly around the hassock. When she’d done 180 degrees of maneuvering, the
bright-red garment fell from her shoulders and down around the white-leather
pedestal, revealing the bind into which she’d instructed Marnie to place her.

Her back was now to the camera, revealing that every inch of Sabrina’s
arms was circled tightly with weather-worn clothesline, right up to the crack in
her armpits. She’d removed the nail gloss to show off the natural beauty of
her long, perfectly manicured hands, which she was keeping in a constant state
damsel-in-distress reflection.

Instead of a bra, Bree’s full, firm breasts were supported by an
ingeniously designed three-eighth-inch thick rope configuration, which
complimented and punctuated every delicious extremity to the max. Her wrists,
unlike the coffee table bind, were crossed, and not connected to a crotch rope.
Instead, three circles of quarter inch nylon around her waistline and forearms,
knotted at the pinch point in the small of her back, along with several turns of
thick rope around her upper body, kept Bree’s bound arms tightly pinned to her
torso.

‘Outta sight!’

Instead of panties, Sabrina’s groin was dressed in tightly fitted,
shiny-nylon line.

‘Now that’s what I call the quintessential 'string' Bikini.’

She was facing the camera now, so I slow zoomed in for a close-up of its
ingenious design and panned up slowly to Sabrina’s breasts and face. Her look
prompted an obvious thought.

‘Move over, Gwendolyn, here comes Sabrina Covington.’

Slowly and painstakingly, she fought against the ropes as she turned on
the hassock, pulling and tugging at every foot of line, every knot, every circle
of unrelenting pressure until the realization of Marnie’s and her inescapable
handiwork caught up with the reality of Sabrina’s obsession, sending her
exquisite figure into an uncontrollable, hysterical frenzy of spasmodic
conclusion.

‘WOW!’

What else could I think?

The music ended with her.

‘Perfect.’

I faded out the frame, turned off the camera, and sat on the couch to
wait for my woman to join me. She raised her head and scoped the room. My cords
were bulging with appreciation. Her body language and eye contact pleaded to be
released, posing and twitching the way she knew I wanted her to.

“Unuhuhu,” she groaned.

“God, but you are a beauty.”

Sabrina blushed and watched me reach for the knock-out juice, her eyes
wide with deliberation. Quickly, she stood and hopped the few feet to the couch,
plopping next to me and motioning to have the ball gag removed.

I took her ponytail into my hand and pinned her head back on a throw
pillow.

“You are, by far, the most captivating and desirable bondage maniac
I’ve ever come across. How would you like to be kidnapped for real? I’ve got
a hideaway in the mountains, and the fridge and pantry are stocked with a
month’s worth of provisions.”

I scanned her long, helpless body hungrily, while she considered the
proposal. She kicked off the pumps and waited for my eyes to reach hers. They
didn’t.

“Stand up.”

We did, whereupon I lifted her into my arms, kissed her passionately on
the neck, and carried her out of the living room, down the hallway and into the
bedroom, where I tossed her onto the mattress of my four-poster, brass bed and
removed the gag.

‘He’s got one too,’ she noticed.

Her first words were, “I want your cock in my mouth. I want to make
love to your erection while I’m like this. Okay?”

“Okay.” (What else could I say?) “But first, let’s tie up all
those loose ends. Okay?”

“Okay.” (What else could she say?) “And you can kidnap me anytime,
for as long as you like.”

I knotted a line to the ankle cinch and threaded the other end under the
torso circles just below her neck. After pulling out the slack, I gave her
another choice.

“Say when?”

Sabrina felt her lower legs rise from the mattress as the tension in both
the calve and thigh circles increased. She let me pull out every last milometer
of slack until her bare feet could go back no further. I kept the tension
constant with my right hand and threaded the line between her forearms and under
the back of the four circles of crotch rope at the base of her spine, pulling it
through until the entire pattern went taught.

“Oh, how I love the way you think, John.”

I knotted things off, jumped from the bed, and left the room, leaving
Bree to her choices. The rope bra pinched and squashed every square inch of her
firm mounds, bringing new heights of stringent pressure to underarms and groin.

And Sabrina thought, ‘So this is bondage heaven.’

A phone call to Marnie bore no fruit.

‘Wait till I get my hands on that little nymph.’

While reflecting on her whereabouts, I hung up and walked slowly down the
hall and into the bedroom. Sabrina was locked into an euphoric fit, suspended in
her own little world of fantasy fulfillment and time/space obliviousness. She
sensed my presence, opened her eyes a bit, and smiled deliriously.

I dryly asked, “Would you happen to know Marnie’s current
location?”

“…Who wants to know?” she quipped while lowering her hungry gaze to
the bulge in my pants.

“The faster you tell me, the faster you’ll have my cock in your
mouth.”

“She’s hanging out with some guy named Vic. He lives on this floor.
They…”

“Right.”

I left the room and closed the door.

After seeing it was me on caller ID, Marnie picked up Vic’s phone on
the third ring.

“Yeah?”

“Can you spare a minute?”

“Sure.”

“At my place, right now.”

“Right.”

“Bye.”

My anger was well hidden.

Marnie hung up the phone and turned to Vic, who was on the floor of his
living room, naked and inescapably hogtied with several of his own neckties and
belts. The fix was especially and viciously stringent.

“Be right back,” she assured, before jumping up from the couch,
throwing on a robe, and dashing for the door.

“I love the way you look at me, honey, like I was Sabrina. If I’m not
back in a few hours, start without me.”

Vic had been semi-willingly pleasuring Marnie’s pussy with his mouth
when the phone call interrupted her vengeful satisfaction.

Things had been moving faster than they had in weeks.

‘Something must be shaking along the kink continuum,’ I figured as I
put the pitcher of lemonade I’d made the night before back into the fridge.

Marnie was still in borrowed jeans and top. I opened the door just as she
raised her right fist to knock.

‘There he goes again,’ she wondered with respectful surprise.

“Hi, come in,” I smiled with a knowing look.

‘How does he know all the time?’ she pondered. ‘Maybe he’s
psychic or something.’

She walked in comfortably and very relaxed, and headed for the couch,
where she sat in her usual slot on the right and got into the lazy man’s lotus
position.

“What’s up, champ? Is the damsel too much for you to handle?”

She couldn’t wait to get back to Vic.

I sat down next to her, with lemonade in hand, and whispered seriously,
“I want you to tie me up for Sabrina,” before gulping down half the glass.

Her astonishment was dumbfounding.

“Really? Uh, you mean, right now?”

My put-on impatience percolated with sexual uneasiness, or so she
thought.

“…Well?”

“Sure. How?”

Marnie’s eyes did their best to hide her overloaded synaptic activity,
but their best wasn’t good enough to shroud her obvious lack of masterful
experience.

“You know what she likes. Just make sure I can get to the bedroom
without too much effort.”

“Gotchy’a. Any lemonade left?”

“In the fridge. Help yourself while I get down to my briefs, and
hurry.”

“Right,” she popped as she headed for the next wrinkle in the day’s
outcomes.

As she poured her beverage, Marnie thought, ‘How worth it IS it to
cross John.’

While gulping it down, she headed for the gear closet in the hallway and
selected a 200-foot skein of 3/8ths nylon, a few shorter lengths of
quarter-inch, and started putting together a bind in her head. Several came to
mind, and had been since we’d known each other.

‘Well, it’s about fucking time. I’ll do him on the hassock. Boy,
are THEY in for a surprise.’

She quickly undid the skein and grabbed a ten-footer for my elbows while
I sat on the couch in my briefs, watching with arms crossed in front of me. Her
empty glass sat on the lamp table.

‘Hook, line and sinker.’

Marnie did her best to fashion a slip knot, but kept losing her
concentration.

‘Gotta keep a clear head,’ she blinked as the fast acting potion
raced through her bloodstream. ‘Why am I all-of-a-sudden kneeling?’

She fell onto the hassock (‘Oh-shit.’) and passed out.

“Right.”

**Twenty Or So Minutes Later**

I bound her naked; arms behind her back; thighs and ankles together,
kneeling on the white-leather hassock in front of the couch. The 200-foot skein
kept her chin pressed to Marnie’s shiny knees by inflexibly squashing
everything else in the ball bind. Her heels dug deep into her ass cheeks. I
didn’t tie her to the hassock, figuring it would make things more interesting
for the camera. Natural sponge stuffing and several very tight turns of
Elastoplast would keep her well silenced when the mind-blowing moment of her
awakening dawned on Marnie’s incredulity.

When that moment arrived, she’d see the note on the floor, spelling
things out in big, bold letters: “NEVER LEAVE A DELIVERY UNATTENDED EN
ROUTE.”

‘That should quicken her juices a bit.’

When I entered the bedroom in nothing but my briefs bulging with
anticipation, Sabrina smiled fuzzily and thought, ‘Oh-my-God, he must be
huge.’

“Now, where were we?”

And Vic thought, just after giving up on his hogtie, ‘John did warn me
about Marnie’s bent.’

And I thought, ‘Why didn't HE pick up the phone? That’s not like
him.’

It was then I put two and two together and decided to make sure Vic had
heeded my warning.

“Oh, shoot,” I play acted. “I must make an appointment canceling
call. Be right back.”

“Oh, Johnny, I can’t take much more of this. Hurry.”

Her disappointment was intense, but my instincts waxed even more intense,
especially where Marnie was concerned. So I left Bree to her fit, grabbed my
robe, and headed for Vic’s apartment.

**Several Minutes Later**

Marnie woke up quickly.

“MUH?!”…‘OH-boy.’

I’d purposely left the bedroom door open. Sabrina looked up from *her*
mouthful. I smiled and motioned to keep silent.

“MMMMUHUHUH!” screamed Marnie at the beginning of one of the most
incredibly spontaneous multiples of her life. The thought of Vic’s dilemma
engendered a new respect for her should’a-known-better stupidity.
“MUHMUHMUHMUH!!!”

Sabrina felt her mouth fill with the heat of my passion. We exploded
together to the sounds of Marnie’s medley of enthusiastic regrets. I watched
as Bree gave the bind one last mega-struggle, committing what was left of her
energy to the satisfactions of the moment.

“Oh,” I quipped, “Forgot to tell you. Marnie is tied up in the
living room.”

Meanwhile, on the hassock, my self-indulgent consort looked up at the
clock on the wall to ‘discover’ that three-hours had gone by since she’d
left Vic to his hogtie.

“MMMUHUHUH!”

What she didn’t know, though, was that I’d reset the clock to make
her think it had been that long.

**Fourteen Minutes Later**

We sat on the couch; watching and listening to Marnie writhe and scream.
Sabrina wore her borrowed jeans and top, with me in my cords and long-sleeved,
white dress shirt.

“Shall we?” I suggested.

“We shall.”

I undid the gag and listened to the voice of fearful recrimination.

“I left Vic tied up before I came over here,” blurted Marnie when the
sponge came out.

Sabrina and I sat back, stone-faced.

“NO! I did, REALLY.”

I turned to face my lover. She did the same, and we both said,
“Sure-she-did.”

“No, I mean it. I tied him up, and he’s been like that since just
before you called. And I know he can’t get out…John?... DO something.”

I replaced the sponge and tied it in with some rope while Sabrina worked
the ball bind ropes. We undid everything but the wrist and elbow cinches. We
then draped the cape around Marnie’s impatience and zipped it to the nose.

“Put on the heels,” I ordered, with a twist of apathy in my
‘unbelieving’ tone.

Marnie picked up on what was about to happen and decided not to protest.
What else could she do?
‘Okay…Okay…Right,’
thought my ex bondage consort/subbie as she slipped into the sky highs.

She was nuts with reproach.

Sabrina stayed behind while I walked my charge to Vic’s place, where we
had our last chat of the day.

“Funny, how things work out,” I perceived. “If he’s in there,
tied up like you said, I’ll free you and split. But if he answers the door, I
never want you to call me again. From then on, I will do all the calling, if I
so chose. Nor do I want you to contact Bree unless she contacts you first. Got
that?”

Marnie stared deeply into my resolve and thought, ‘There was no way Vic
could have gotten out of that fix.’ But, based on our history, she also
thought, ‘Why do I get the feeling there’s more going on here than meets the
eye? And why isn’t he whispering? And…’

“Well?”

Marnie squirmed in her cinches as her groin flushed with throbbing
moisture and her eyes blinked a few times.

‘My cake and eat it too.’

She nodded a ‘yes.’

“You’ve been a lousy trainee, missy.” I scolded. “But I bless you
for steering Sabrina my way. For that I will be eternally grateful. If you’re
ever in a tight fix, you can surely count on us, but don’t call unless we
do.”

I was Academy Award material. She watched me reach for the doorknob while
kissing her on the forehead.

“It’s locked, Marnie dear,” I said as I pulled a few lengths of
rope out of my gear bag and bound her ankles and calves together.

‘But I left it unlocked,’ she recalled while watching me between
incredulous glances down the hallway.

I gave the door three hard knocks, slung the gear bag over Marnie’s
shoulders, turned, and walked slowly back to my apartment, without saying
anything or looking back.

Marnie made two very tight fists and watched in fear and amazement as the
possibilities brought another inundation of erotic arousal to her groin.

‘What the FUCK is going on here!’

Meanwhile, Sabrina found the ‘Taunted Bound’ DVD and cued it up as
she planned on how to go about chloroforming and tying me, spread-eagle, to my
four-poster.

And Vic counted to thirty before opening his door, just as I slammed
mine, hard, behind me.

“Where have you been, love,” jested Sabrina before gulping down the
last of her lemonade.

And Marnie thought, ‘Not AGAIN!’ as Vic took a fistful of upper body
zipper and garment and pulled his new girlfriend into the beginning of yet
another lesson in the fine art of bondage and discipline.

26.05.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
