---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Crawling Experiment
authors:
- Prof. Challenger
tags:
- Sbm
- cbt
- cons
- X
date: 2003-03-06 00:00:00
---

One of the early bondage story sites I came across included a short
story entitled “Into the Woods”, (presented as a “this happened to me”
story) the plot of which consisted of the following: The viewpoint character,
a man, agrees to meet a new mistress at a rental cabin in a public park.
She meets him, blindfolds and collars him, and takes him on a motorcycle
ride deeper into the park.. It is about midnight when she pulls up well
“into the woods”, where she strips him, adds a ball gag, and locks him
into a combination chain incorporating wrist and ankle cuffs and a cock
cuff. Supposedly, this combination makes it only possible for him to move
by crawling on hands and knees. The mistress then takes off his blindfold,
advises him he has to make his way back to the cabin by 5:00am, or she
will be leaving, taking his clothes and the keys, and departs on the cycle,
leaving him alone, naked, chained, gagged, and lost. After a long, painful,
frightening crawl, he gets back to the cabin just in time to see her complete
her promise to abandon him and head into town. He is left in the park as
he is. Further instalments were promised but never appeared.

Well, this piqued my curiosity, as to 1) Could a man be chained in such
a way that he could ONLY crawl? 2) Could a man crawl on his hands and knees
over park trails for five hours and not have both hands and knees bloody
shreds? I was understandably less interested in proving the latter proposition,
but the first question seemed well in within the realm of reasonable experimentation.

For my first experiment, I took two pair of my chain handcuffs, chain
shackles, and a chain choke-collar. I had already shortened the chain of
the shackles to about eight inches with a padlock, making a loop in the
chain. I doubled the dog collar through that loop, and placed both of the
ring-ends of the collar over the open ratchet of a handcuff, so that when
the cuff was closed, the rings would be strung onto it. This cuff I placed
about the base of my penis and testicles and ratcheted tight. The two rings
of the chain collar lay under my scrotum but did not bother me at all.
I put my ball gag in, and snapped close one of the second set of handcuffs
onto my left wrist. I then closed the remaining cuff of the pair attached
to my genitals so it looped around the chain of the second set. I then
closed the last cuff on my right wrist.

This did not quite give the effect described in the story, although
it was very effective bondage. The chain to my ankles was short enough
that I could not stand upright, although I could take mincing steps in
a bent kneed position. Any sudden moves were out of the question, as each
step pulled on the cock cuff. My hands were firmly affixed within a couple
of inches of my crotch. Even in this condition, a man in the predicament
described by the story author would be pretty well screwed—that is, stuck,
and no way out without the keys.

But not be forced to crawl. Just about any walking is better than crawling,
so I tried to work out what combination of restrictions would prohibit
walking but enable crawling. I decided it would have to be something that
would tie the ankles together, and have the legs bent at a 90 degree angle,
so that at best the victim might be able to balance on his feet, but would
likely fall when trying to duck-walk or hop. (Hop? With that cock-cuff?
I don’t think so!) Then give the hands enough lee-way to balance on , and
the captive would be able to slowly progress in a rather caterpillar-like
manner.

For the second iteration, I took the chain shackles and padlocked the
cuffs together so that there was no chain between them, but leaving about
a nine-inch loop of chain from the padlock. I closed one cuff of a handcuff
through this chain loop. The other cuff of this set got one end of the
dog collar through it, and then was closed about the base of the genitals.
(This was the reverse of the previous attempt. Here the second cuff was
below the genitals and the dog chain above.) The other end of the dog collar
was padlocked to the center of the second set of handcuffs.

So I had cuffed
ankles, about a foot of chain including handcuff, cock cuff, a second foot
of chain, and handcuffs. In this position, I could just crawl by extending
my hands as far as I could, then pulling my legs forward, with a maximum
rate of progress of about six inches at a time. This wasn’t too bad in
the carpeted living room, but I had put my escape keys two rooms away,
which involved crossing an expanse of hardwood floor in the dining room,
and tile in the kitchen, both of which proved very painful on my knees.
I found the whole process very difficult and strenuous. (I’m not an athelete,
but I’m not entirely out of shape, either--).

My conclusions were that the “Into the Woods” story was a fantasy, since
the main character could not have gotten anywhere in any significant amount
of time; he would have rapidly been exhausted; his knees undoubtedly would
have been worn bloody on any sort of path, even dirt, and, since any movement
invariably pulled on the cock-cuff, he would have chafed to death around
the genitals. Amusing, but impractical. On the other hand, the crawling
bondage isn’t bad for around home--.

.
