---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Binding Agreement
authors:
- Anakha
tags:
- MF-f
- latex
- slave
- cons
- X
---

Binding Agreement by Anakha

Bonda O'Tightly loved her job as the administrative
assistant at Eric Ensign's Erotiscapes, an avant garde art studio that
featured multimedia fetish and bondage works by the leading artists, sculptors
and photographers of New York's famed Greenwich Village. After all, where
could a self-confessed submissive like her get to choose what goes on public
display in a sprawling gallery like Mr. Ensign's? Then there was the boss
himself: A bondage freak and woman tamer who had made a worldwide name
for himself with his living Fettered Femme displays, which featured self-indentured
submissive's for sale to the highest bidder.

She loved her job, frankly. She was the first
one to work each day, lovingly caring for the display of living bondagettes
trapped into their latex, leather and metal cocoons and others confinements.
She always paid particular attention to some of her favorite exhibits,
which included:

--**Leather Heather's Ball**, which featured
a leather-sheathed maid bound up into a ball inside a three-foot high plastic
ball. A feeding tube ran from her ball-gagged mouth at the side of the
ball; Air tubes connected from each nostril to either side of the ball,
and wires ran from each clamped nipple to the outside.
The asking price: $30,000

--**The Chairperson**, which featured a slave
in a inflatable, head-to-toe rubber cocoon, strapped into an armless chair
with 4" straps at the ankles, knees, waist, below the breast, above the
breasts, at the neck, and at the chin across the bridge of the nose. A
silvery metal skull cap completed the ensemble. There were blow-up valves
everywhere to inflate or deflate any visible portion of the slave's anatomy,
whether it be the entire head or just the mouth; one breast or both. On
the forehead, between the beasts, around the belly button and at the tips
of the toes, plug-in modules were attached to wires throughout the victim's
body. When the suit was totally deflated, the rubbery cocoon revealed wire
leads leading to each toe and finger, to clamps that were clearly outlined
at the nipples, up and down the sides of the victim's body, and even inside
the victim's gagged mouth.
The asking price: $50,000.

--**Blind Servitude**, which featured a very
tall, very leggy brunette, secured to a two-foot-square, foot-thick wood
platform, which had a small, powerful motor concealed underneath that drove
the wheeled carriage of constriction where ever a hand-held remote control
directed. To the wood platform was attached an inverted U-shaped metal
rigging with adjustable rods jutting out horizontally in front and back.
The victim herself was trapped inside gleaning stainless steel, thigh-high,
8"- high ballet boots, which forced her body to angle slightly forward.
The tops of a pair of heavy rubber stockings were visible for about two
inches above the locked tops of the boots. The brunette was dressed in
a rubber maid's outfit, with a rubber-and-metal posture collar, and adjustable
stainless steel rods that ran from the collar across her shoulders and
down her arms, all the way to her fingers, which were laced into elbow-length
rubber gloves that had their own individual, adjustable steel rods that
ran from her wrists to her fingertips.

The steel contraption itself wrapped under her
arms and secured with a lock in the back. Mr. Ensign had positioned the
arms so that they bent 90 degrees at the elbows, and were attached to the
respective sides of a rectangular, waist-high silver-and-glass serving
tray. A red rubber corsellette with built-in metal stays and O-rings everywhere
was laced up her back and nipped her body from below her breasts to her
waist. The high-neck outfit actually ran under the posture collar and popped
out about it to reveal a white lacy fringe above it that matched the white
trim on the puffy short sleeves. The flared skirt was short, but would
have hid most of the lacy red rubber panties the brunette wore except that
the front of the skirt panel was attached to the thumb and forefinger of
each bound hand, as if the slave had been ordered to pull up her dress
to show off her panties.

The brunette's head was trapped inside a laced-from-behind
leather helmet, which had tubes running out her tubes and mouth. The mouth
tube was attached to a blow-up pump handle that hung freely from the helmeted
head. It was clear the slave was a brunette because her long ponytail was
tied tightly to an O-ring at the top of the main inverted-U bar, which
seemed to reinforce her backwardly arched headpiece. Over her eyes were
goggles attached by a series of straps that ran around the side, the top
of the helmet and under her chin.

The goggles came with multicolored, lifelike soft-plastic
eyes that could be screwed in and out with ease to change color or look
of the slave's expression. It didn't really matter to the slave what color
the lens were, for the leather helmet itself had no eye openings. In fact,
it had extra heavy pads over each eye, which shut out all light. Heavy
pads also cocooned each ear, and held built-in speakers tightly against
the victim's head, keeping out all sound each for those sounds transmitted
by a small remote-control radio system. The inverted-U pole was about 4"
in diameter, and from it ran poles that shackled the slave at the ankles,
knees, elbows, and back of the head. Another pole section jutted out the
back, down, under the slave's dress, and up under her dress. Bonda made
repeated mental notes to ask Mr. Ensign where the pole ran once it disappeared,
but never did ask the question.
The asking price for this living art: $100,000.

Bonda never got to talk to the victims inside.
Mr. Ensign freed each for an hour every 8 hours, but did so only when Bonda
wasn't around. Who are these women, and where did they come from? That
was a question she never got answers. It was one of the few frustrations
of the job. Bonda really only had two problems with her job. The first
was that Mr. Ensign's displays always looked at his captive maidens from
the male perspective, and he rebuked her efforts to have women artists
consult on the designs or concepts.

The second problem was, he paid Bonda so little
that she would never be able to realize her dream: to graduate from the
prestigious Essenem School of Erotica and Fetishism and open a rival gallery.
In essence, Bonda was a slave to her own fetish. She could quit Mr. Ensign
and work for a higher-paying gallery elsewhere, or she could juggle the
books from time to time and accumulate enough cash to pay for her education.
She took the latter course. And that's indirectly how she ended up here,
at Mistress Sally Sadrista's School for Slaves, ready to submit to her
personalized bondage training.

For Mr. Enisgn was not only a brilliant artist,
but also a shrewd businessman. It had not taken him long to figure out
that Bonda had been fiddling with the books. He gave her a choice -- either
he went to the police or she signed away her future and signed documents
to become one of his Fettered Femmes.
"Mistress Sally, sir," she said to her boss.
"I couldn't take jail. I will sign anything you want." Mr. Ensign smiled.
"You will be my first $1-million artwork," he
said matter-of-factly. "You will become Bonda, the Princess of Self-Discipline."
"Yes, Mr. Ensign," Bonda sighed, half-shaken,
half-thrilled.
Mr. Ensign grinned.
"The time has come, lass. Let's take a little
trip."

At the end of the little trip, Bonda O'Tightly
stood outside Mistress Sally's school, waiting for the mistress to answer
her knock while Mr. Ensign watched from his limo at curbside. Finally,
the porch light came on and Mistress Sally answered the door. Bonda turned
and waved at her boss, as did Mistress Sally. Sally was smiling; Bonda
was whimpering. Mistress Sally ushered Bonda inside, to a brightly lighted
anteroom. Bonda noted the contrast in their outfits: She wore a Plain Jane,
three-piece, cotton-and-polyester, off-white business suit with skin-colored
nylons and 4'' heels, topped off with a short jacket and thin cotton belt
that all but hid her figure, while Mistress Sally wore a skin-tight, neck-high,
knee-length black rubber dress with sultry dark stockings and 6'' heels.
"You are probably aware from my many visits to
the gallery that I help Mr. Ensign's slaves learn the proper level of servitude,"
Mistress Sally said, putting her arm around Bonda. "Say good-bye to freedom.
Enjoy the freedom of total servitude. Welcome to my house of humiliation."

As she talked, the mistress guided Bonda to another
room, where a second woman awaited. The woman wore black rubber panties
and a neck-to-crotch leather harness, rubber stockings, 6'' black leather
heels, and was bound with her wrists tied behind her. Her breasts were
covered with black rubber cups, but around each breast she had a square
metal-and-wood contraption strapped into the harness The contraption could
clearly be adjusted to clamp down on her breasts and force her bosom to
thrust forward unnaturally.

"Bonda, meet Tyrenna Knotts, my chief assistant,"
Mistress Sally said. "Ty is into some mild bondage tonight, her reward
for a brilliant day of humbling our gagged little group of girls. She will
help with your training, and I must tell you she prefers much more severe
methods of dealing with her trainees. She's famous for her Hog Ty, which
is her own version of the classic bondage position." Bonda's mouth dropped.
"What have I done?" she asked herself. "More
importantly, how bad can it get?"
She would soon find out.

**BINDING AGREEMENT, Part II**

As the three women headed down a long hallway,
Mistress Sally defined the rules of her school: "Absolute, immediate servitude."
That was it. The mistress stopped, turned to look directly into Bonda's
eyes, and said: "Trust me, you don't not want to know what options there
are for any failure to obey this rule. Do you understand?"
Bonda nodded affirmatively. "Repeat the rules,"
Mistress Sally ordered.
"Absolute, immediate servitude," Bonda blubbered,
with Tyrenna echoing the words behind her.
"Very well," said Mistress Sally. "Go in here,
strip, and dress yourself in your first punishment garment. I will free
Ty to help you." Bonda scurried into the room, which was nothing more than
a barren, 4-foot by 6-foot rectangle with hardwood floors, a single folding
chair, and a closet. She sat on the chair, dropped her purse, took off
her heels and began shedding her clothes. Tyrenna watched, her arms folded.

Bonda stopped when she got down to her bra, panties,
and nylons, looking briefly at Tyrenna. Before Tyrenna could state the
obvious -- "take it all off" -- Bonda sighed and removed the rest of her
clothes. She wondered what awaited her in the closet. She didn't wonder
long. She opened up the door and gasped. Inside was a metal, body-length,
body-shaped cage, a old-fashioned metal chastity belt, a full-headed, black
rubber hood with hoses and pumps everywhere, and a metal trunk marked "open
me first."

Tyrenna nudged her inside the closet and Bonda
stumbled toward the trunk. She opened it slowly. Inside, she saw nothing
but rubber, leather and metal, all wrapped in individually numbered clear
plastic bags, each with its own written instructions inside. The first
bag contain a black rubber inflatable dildo. "Guess where I go?" the instructions
asked rhetorically. "And please inflate me to capacity with my hand pump."
Bonda knew what to do and she did it. She pumped and felt the plastic swell
to the point she could barely keep her legs together. When she stopped,
Tyrenna reached for the pump and squeezed another six times.

Bag number two had a similar device.
"What are your options?" it asked.
Bonda did what she had to do. She pumped harder
this time. Still, Tyrenna gave the pump an extra six squeezes.

Bag three had yet another device of the same shape.
"What's left?" the instructions asked.
Bonda opened her mouth. Once again, Tyrenna gave
her a hand pumping to full inflation.

Bag number four, thankfully, contained a simple
leather strip and lock.
"Pull the pump on item number three through the
opening and secure the two ends behind your head with a lock. Make sure
you make the fit as tight as possible."
Bonda did as directed, firmly securing the device
deep inside her mouth. She pulled the two ends and prepared to lock the
leather behind her. Tyrenna slapped her hands and pulled the ends another
two notches tighter, forcing Bonda's cheeks to bulge over the top of the
leather strip. Then Tyrenna handed Bonda the lock and allowed her to proceed.
The lock, Bonda noted, was not a key lock, but a combination lock, as were
all the other locks she'd see this night.
"Gee," said Tyrenna, " I sure hope someone wrote
down all the numbers for these combinations."
Bonda moaned behind her gag.
"What do you care, girl," Tyrenna snapped. "From
now on, your on SGT."
SGT?
"Slave Girl Time," Tyrenna laughed.

Bag five was a two-piece leather panty with adjustable
straps and a lock that securely trapped items one and two into the appropriate
spots.

Bag six contained rubber stockings; bag seven
held a red 5-inch leather posture collar; bag eight held a rubber bra with
slits to allow the tips of Bonda's breasts to peek through. All were secured
by locks. Next came metal ankle, knee, wrist and elbow cuffs, all locking,
all with four attached rings. The last little bag in the chest seemed harmless
enough: It contained four self-locking rings about an inch and a half in
diameter.
"Attach where appropriate," the instructions
said.
Bonda was puzzled.
"I will have to help you with these," Tyrenna
said, grabbing the rings from Bonda.
"First, put your ankles together."
Click.
Bonda's ankle cuffs were locked together. Next
came the knee cuffs. The wrist cuffs were secured behind her. As, of course,
were the elbow cuffs.
"From here on, dear, you'll have to rely on me."

Tyrenna reached for the metal chastity belt, which
was hinged on one side and secured with three locks on the other side.
It wrapped around Bonda's bound form. As Tyrenna locked the belt on Bonda,
Bonda felt the built-in studs in the back of the belt push firmly against
her buttocks. "You'll learn to take your lumps," Tyrenna giggled. Tyrenna
was not through. The two sides of the belt were secured by a two-inch-wide
screw that ran from the front to the back. Tyrenna struggled to wedge it
between Bonda's tightly fettered legs. The bolt wedged right up against
devices one and two. Tyrenna grabbed a huge wrench and began to fasten
the front to the back. As the screw turned, it rubbed against both of the
previously installed devices, while at the same time pulling the studs
deeper and deeper into Bonda's buttocks. When the bolt was fastened as
tightly as possible, taking all the slack out of it belt, Tyrenna stepped
back. "Congratulations," Tyrenna smirked. "You're the first slave I've
had the opportunity to screw. Was it as good for you as it was for me?"
Bonda twisted in her bonds.

The studs hurt. Her crotch was pressed so tightly
against the bolt that her skin could feel the indentations of the threads.
"Now I'll help you with your hood," Tyrenna said.
"You obviously don't have a head for such things."
The one-piece hood was rolled over Bonda head,
crushing her hair tightly against her skin. As the hood was rolled over
her eyes, she saw built-in heavy rubber pads where the eyeholes would otherwise
be. As Tyrenna pulled the hood down further, Bonda saw nothing. The pads
shut out all light. Tyrenna paused and positioned the hood before pulling
it over Bonda's nose, inserting a rubber tube into each nostril.

She pulled and tugged the hood down further, stopping
again where the pump end was held in place. She unscrewed the pump, pulled
the hood all the way down Bonda's chin and tucked the ends inside her posture
collar. Bonda then felt the gag pump reattached and pumped six more times.
The sides of her mouth were pressed cruelly against the gag strap. Then
Tyrenna inflated the three other pump bladders welded into the hood, and
when she stood back, she saw that Bonda's rubber headpiece was shaped completely
round.
"Perfect," she said.

Of course, Bonda could not hear her. The heavy
pads over her ears pressed harshly against her outer ears, shutting off
virtually all but the loudest sounds. Bonda felt Tyrenna secure four cables
-- two in the front, two in the back -- to her chastity belt. She heard
the faint sound of the winch as she felt herself lifted by the belt, two
feet off the ground, and pushed into her cage. Like the chastity belt,
the cage was hinged. When Bonda was positioned correctly inside her toes
pointed severely downwards and locked into ballet-style metal shoes, her
posture collar reinforced by a like metal brace welded into the cage, Tyrenna
shut the cage and locked it with six locks.

Bonda felt for her bonds. There was a three-inch
bar at her ankles, below and above her knees, above and below the chastity
belt, around her forehead, and from side to side at the top of her head.
She felt the cage spin around. It spun two turns in one direction; then
three turns the other way. Suddenly, Bonda heard Tyrenna's voice.
"We have put speakers into your ear pads so you
can hear us when we want,"
Tyrenna said. "You will spend your first punishment
period here. But we want to to remain perfectly still, because I don't
want you getting dizzy in the cage. To avoid that, I am attaching breast
cups to you. You will feel both breasts sucked into these metal and rubber
cones." Bonda felt her left breast being sucked away from her body. It
was worse than a nipple clamp because the force of the suction extended
her breast to the point it ached. She could not pull away. The cage fit
her perfectly. She could only wiggle her fingers. And she wiggled her fingers
as the same treatment was used on her right breast. The breast pumps were
attached to a flat metal plate that extended out parallel to her body,
pulling her chest out dramatically forward, increasing her pain. Although
she could not see,

Bonda could feel the breast pump tubes being wrapped
around her body once and secured to a fixed platform at the bottom of the
cage. While she could swivel the cage from side to side ever so slightly,
she had no urge to do so. If she swiveled left, her right breast was extended.
If she went right, her left breast was extended.
"Now, before I go, I thought you should take
a little dip," Tyrenna said.
Bonda felt her cage being directed on an overhead
track to another room.
"Take a deep breath, dear, because your going
to have to hold it for a couple of minutes," Tyrenna said. Bonda did. She
felt plugs inserted into her breathing tubes and felt herself lowered into
a warm liquid. She was lowered in over her head for several seconds. She
was about to panic when she felt herself being lifted up again, the gooey
liquid sticking to her form.
"You have been bronzed in latex," Tyrenna said
as she unplugged Bonda's breathing tubes.
Bonda squirmed.

Her form didn't give. She couldn't even wiggle
her fingers now, although her cage could still turn on its swivel, and
observation she nipples made as Tyrenna none too gently examined her mummified
form. She had become a living statue. Again, she felt her form moving along
the track overhead, this time feeling Tyrenna guiding her through several
turns as they went from room to room. Then she felt herself being pulled
up and up into the air.
"You are hanging 20 feet over the center of our
foyer," Tyrenna said. "You will be the first slave our visitors see when
they enter. I hope you're not afraid of heights. Hang in there."
Bonda groaned. But no one could hear it.

**BINDING AGREEMENT, Part III**

Bonda was alone in her bound, blind, silent prison.
She felt her body perched on the screw of the chastity built and tried
to wiggle to see if she could arouse herself. All she aroused was the renewed
sensation of the threads pressed against her pussy, and those two throbbing
monsters wedged inside her. She concentrated on her fingers. She could
not wiggle one. She concentrated on her toes, severely pointed downward
so that they nearly bent backwards. She sucked on the invader in her mouth.
She imagined this as an engorged lover. She tried to move her tongue around
it. No luck. She tried to bite it. Figures, she thought. That spot is reinforced
and too hard to bite.

Finally, she concentrated on the air valves in
her nose. She breathed in, then out. In, then out. In, then out. As she
breathed, she could feel her nipples strain. She tried to swivel her cage.
Her nipples pulled in rhythm. She was almost panting. Was it her breathing,
her nipples, or what? Her crotch felt warm. She tried to clench her hands.
She felt the bumps on her buttock and she was clearly panting now. She
was turned on.
"I'm a slave," she thought to herself. "I'm really
a slave. How exciting!"

She tried to work herself into an orgasm, but
the harder she tried, the more frustrated she became. She was a sweaty,
panting slave. She wiggled and squirmed wherever she felt any room. Soon,
her latex cocoon was swinging forward and back, from side to side. Unknown
to her, Mistress Sally and Tyrenna happened to be passing through the foyer
at that very moment, dragging another slave off to a punishment room.
"Think she's freaking out up there?" asked Tyrenna
as she played with the exposed nipples of the bound beauty beside her.
"No, dear," said Mistress Sally. "I think she's
playing with herself. We'll have to expand her punishment in the morning,"
the mistress said, holding her hands out far apart in front of her.
"Oh no," said Tyrenna as both women laughed and
dragged their rubberized slave toward her next predicament.

Meanwhile, inside her latex prison, Bonda was
hot, sweaty, tired and really, really horny. She was too tired to try anymore,
though. She tried to resume normal breathing. As the sweat poured from
her, she felt herself go almost slippery inside her hot little home. M-m-m-m.
This isn't bad, she thought. Maybe I can get some rest. She started feeling
herself breathe in shorter, shallower breaths. She was almost dozing when
she felt a cramp in her leg. She tried to reach. No chance.
Her nipples were itching. She could do nothing.
Her puss itched. Her hair was wet with sweat and the sweat touched her
lips. She tasted its salty tang. Those bumps in her buttocks were starting
to feel like needles.
"Please," she thought, "let me down. Let me scratch."

No one could read her thoughts, though, and her
thoughts and fantasies were her only company.
She thought how exciting it would be for her
to be let down from this bondage high by a dark, handsome stranger who
would wash her, towel her, wrap her up in rubber again and ravage her.
That only made her sweat. And the more she sweated, the more she itched.
My nipples, she thought. Oh, how they ache. It's as if my master has decided
to lead me around, bound up, with my nipples on a leash. Could that be
done, she wondered? Would he take me to am S/M bar and tie the leash to
the bar?
Once again, she got hot.
And once again, she itched.
And once again, she dreamed.

She thought of the shower scene from Psycho. But
instead of stabbing her, her attacker wraps her up in the shower curtain,
and binds her head in a bathing cap and gas mask. Then he takes a feather
duster and a vibrator and toys with her nipples and pussy. Then he binds
her to the pole with electrical tape, from head to toe, still wrapped up
in the plastic, with her nipples still available. Too much, she thought.
"I'm getting too hot and too frustrated," she
said to herself.
She wiggled and fussed and finally cried. Her
tears ran to the tip of her nose. Great.
Now her nose itched. Once again, far below her,
Mistress Sally and Tyrenna were passing through, this time on their way
to retiring for the night.
"She really is having fun up there, isn't she."
Tyrenna said as she watched the cage rock and twist.
"No, dear," said Mistress Sally. "I think she's
learning a painful lesson."
"What's that?" asked Tyrenna.
"Well, you could say she's made her bed," Mistress
Sally said, "and now she has to sweat in it."

Once again, the women giggled as they headed down
the hall, leaving Bonda to her bounds.
And up above, Bonda's mind was racing.
"Are my eyes open or not?" she thought to herself.
"I can't tell. Everything's dark. Am I really experiencing this, or is
it all a dream? If this is a dream, why don't I wake up and get Vito, my
faithful vibrator." She rocked back and forth. "This is no dream," she
thought. "I really am hanging her, helpless, with nasty things everywhere,
and no way to play."

And so it went.
Bonda got no sleep.
Bonda got no orgasm.

All she got was one sensation overcoming another,
with an infrequent cramp to annoy her in ways her buttocks bumps and pointed
toes and restraints and gags and nipple pumps didn't do.
"I'm really a slave," she'd tell herself, and
she'd get aroused again. She'd breathe deeply, quickly, erotically. But
for naught.
Would this be her permanent slavery? Probably
not. She was sure her captors would devise worse. And indeed they would.
For as the thought about the possibilities, she felt herself being lowered
to the floor. "Thank God," she thought. "Maybe I'll be free."

When the base of her cage hit the floor, she heard
Mistress Sally's voice through her earphones.
"We have a wonderful day of self-punishment lined
up for you, with paddles and clamps and a tongue depressor," Mistress Sally
said. "But Ty is a little tied up right now, so I thought I'd treat you
first to our own version of a blow job. Are you ready?" Bonda shook.
"Left you speechless?" Mistress Sally asked.
"Very well. Let me explain. We're encasing you in a heavy rubber body bag
that will totally enclose you, except for two air holes. Then we will inflate
it. As the air goes in, you'll feel your latex cocoon press even tighter
against your flesh. Then we well let you hang up high again, dangling there,
trapped inside a bell-shaped balloon. The shape is appropriate because,
well, you'll find out."
Bonda moaned into her muzzled mouth. She felt
the balloon lifted around her and pumped up and up and up. The hard rubber
had little way to give, except at Bonda's expense. Her latex prison pressed
against her everywhere, putting extra pressure on every crack and joint.

As she was lifted back up into the air, she itched
everywhere, especially her pussy, her nipples, her butt, her head, her
knees, her....well, everywhere. As she was lifted up and up, her bell-shaped
bondage balloon swayed from side to side, so it looked like a bell being
wrung in a cathedral. She could hear Mistress Sally's voice in her ear
pieces.
"Someday we'll have to fit you into the rubber-and-metal
clanger suit we have and let you feel the sensation of having your striking
form
striking the side of a real bell every hour on the hour. But for now, I
know you're itching to get on with your self-punishment. So just amuse
yourself up there until Ty comes for you -- if she comes for you -- I do
hope this isn't her day off."

Up in her bell bondage, Bonda twisted and whined.
She was so close to an orgasm. So close. She rode the threads of the bolt
on her chastity belt. She squirmed around on her pussy. She twisted her
nipples for a response.
"Oh, lord," she said, "if I could only move a
little more and sweat a little less. "
She sucked on her gag.
Try as she might, she couldn't make herself.
