---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/something_different.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Something Different
authors:
- prometheus_b
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- cons
- XX
---

Something Different
by prometheus\_b
Something Different by prometheus\_b

Let me tell you about myself, I’m 24, 6’ 3”, 200 pounds, and can handle
myself. But when I came home from work yesterday, and my 5’2, 100 pound
beauty of a wife jumped on my back and held a cloth to my face, I didn’t
have much of a chance. I’m not sure how long I was out, but when I came
to, I knew I was fucked. Literally.

I couldn’t see anything due to the heavy duty blindfold, and I couldn’t
turn my head due to the four inch posture collar, not that it would have
done me much good. A 3 inch ballgag had been jammed in my mouth and securely
fastened behind my head. This is all fair-game in our sex life, this next
part was the part that had me worried.

She had me strapped to some strange leather covered bench. My hands
were enclosed in latex mittens, with my fists curled into tight balls,
my wrists were secured by straps to the bench, as were my elbows. My thighs
and ankles had received the same treatment on the other end, and four leather
straps, each 3 inches in diameter, secured my torso. My ass was forced
up into the air, so I knew that wasn’t good. Lovely wife that she is, she
also put a pair of nipple clamps on that reached underneath the bench.
Right now she had about six 1-ounce weights hanging from the chain, which
meant she had eighteen more to add, and I knew she would.

Once I became oriented, she began working my ass with a riding crop,
just to test my movement. After a few strong strokes, I squirmed a bit
too much, so she tightened a few straps, and gave a winch a few turns,
which forced my ass farther into the air. I could not move a muscle.

She switched over to a flogger for a hundred strokes, concentrating
on my already sore ass, but letting quite a few fall on my balls, which
always earned a muted grunt from me. She added a few more weights onto
my nipple clamps and whispered into my ear:

“I hope you’re ready for something different tonight. Then again, you
don’t have much choice.”

With that I heard her leave the room, and hours passed (a few minutes
actually) before she returned. She grabbed my throbbing cock and gave it
a few precursory strokes before she pulled out a new toy. She encased my
cock in the milker and secured it with leather straps and padlocks. Then
she locked my balls into a very tight leather pouch, which she also secured
with a padlock. I was sweating from anticipation and nervousness since
we had never discussed anything like this, and she could tell. She added
a few more weights onto the clamps and once more whispered into my ear:

“You might be wondering what your cock is in. It’s a milker, I found
it online and thought we might enjoy it. It’s locked on with 3 padlocks,
and the keys will get here tomorrow morning. So you might as well get comfortable.”

She began to mess with something underneath the bench I was on and then
she took the ballgag out of my mouth and whispered, “Not a word, unless
it’s yes Mistress.”

“This is a very special milker with a few additional specifications.
It has a small hose attached to the end to collect your…uh…manly fluids.
The hose is attached to a rather large, and very realistic dildo. Open
your mouth.”

I opened my mouth and she ungraciously shoved the rather large dildo,
about the diameter of a soda can, inside.

“Start sucking you filthy little slut. I know you can do a marvelous
job on a strap-on.”

With that I began to suck the cock to the best of my ability, the posture
collar limited movement of my head, and she began to beat my ass with a
wooden spanker.

“Come on you little whore, I know you can do better than that. Maybe
I should give you some motivation.”

She turned on the milker, and it was the strangest sensation I’ve ever
felt. The milker was pushing and pulling the skin on my engorged cock,
and I needed to explode. She continued to work my ass with the spanker
and added one last tidbit of information:

“Oh, by the way, when you cum, guess what happens? Your cum travels
through the hose into the cock in your mouth and you get to feel what I’ve
had to feel for the past three years. And you better swallow every last
drop.”

I paused for a second and she hit me with the spanker three times in
rapid succession.

“Don’t stop now you fucking cum-slut.”

I kept working the giant phallus in my mouth, and I felt myself getting
ready to explode. She pressed a button on a remote control and the leather
sack my balls were in came to life. They were massaged and vibrated, and
I exploded into the milker, my body shuddered, and I tried to prepare for
what I knew was going to happen.

A load of semen was shot into my mouth and I tried to swallow it all,
but a few drops spilt.

“Oh, too bad, looks like we’re going to have to try this again.”

The milker was in it’s rest period, which was very good for me, but
I didn’t know how long I had. Mistress had left the room, and I, well I
stayed put.

She returned after about twenty minutes and asked, “So, are you all
rested my little cock slut?” She turned the milker back on, switched the
ball vibrator to high and added the rest of the weights to my nipple clamps.

“Suck that fucking cock or I swear you’ll be in this position till Friday
(it was Tuesday). So I started sucking and I felt her smearing a cool liquid
on my ass.

“Let’s see how you take this. It’s about the same size as the one you
have in your mouth.”

With that she slowly worked her strap-on into my ass, and my cock was
throbbing once again in the milker. She had lubed her cock well enough
to immediately begin fucking the hell out of me. I continued to suck on
the dildo in front of me as she rammed my ass. My nipples were burning
from the weights and I felt myself getting closer to climaxing again.

“Do you like Chinese finger-cuffs? Maybe next time I’ll bring one of
my girlfriends. I know you’d like that, getting fucked by two women at
the same time.”

That did it for me, I felt myself climbing to orgasm, my body shuddered
and once again I exploded. This time I managed to swallow every last bit
of semen. She withdrew her strap-on from me and removed the dildo from
my mouth. Which she quickly replaced with the ballgag.

“I’ll be back in an hour. You probably need the rest. Try to get some
sleep if you can.”

With an evil laugh, she replaced my nipple clamps with the vibrating
type, turned the milker on a very low setting, and shoved a large butt
plug into my ass.

“Have fun, slut, I’ll see you in an hour.”

06.10.03

story continues in [**Something Different 2**](something_different2.html)

o0o
