---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Paul & Susan's Intitiation 2 The Competition
authors:
- Serval
tags:
- MF+-mf
- D-s
- bond
- bdsm
- cbt
- cons
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Paul & Susan's Intitiation**](paul_susan_initiation.html))

**Part Two - The Competition**

When Saturday arrived they both took
their time in the bathroom.  Stubble
had started to form on their genitals from their first shave last week. 
Paul shaved Susan’s lips before she shaved off the stubble that had
grown round his prick and testicles.  The
letter they had received told them to arrive wearing just a coat and nothing on
their feet so it didn’t take them long to get ready.

When they arrived Richard opened the
door and took their coats leaving them totally naked. “Nice to see you again,
here put these bits on each other.  They
act as effective gags as well”.  He
casually ran his hands over Susan’s body, pausing to twist each nipple and
slowly running his index finger down the crack of her pussy.  He did the same to Paul, but held his balls firmly, squeezing
and pulling them down until Paul let out a muffled grunt.  Leg spreaders were attached to their ankles so that they had
to walk in a strange staccato fashion, leaving their feet apart at all times,
making their genitals constantly available for any wandering hands.

As the guests arrived Paul and Susan
stood in the hall holding trays of champagne. 
Each guest looked them over and most groped them. 
All the guests wore clothing, which showed off their sexual assets. 
The women mostly had platform basques and virtually all had shaved
pussies, but Paul was ordered to keep his eyes up. 
Susan was told to keep her eyes down so that she could look at each set
of balls and cock as it came through the door.  

When all the guests had arrived they
were ordered into the kitchen to fetch extra drinks. 
Sarah took the opportunity to put a pair of nipple clamps on Susan and
then on Paul.  Both pairs of clamps
were spring loaded and linked by a chair.  The
pain was not too bad initially, but as time went by they cut in and hurt
dreadfully.  The leg spreaders
caused both Paul and Susan to walk with an unusual gait by bringing their knees
up high.  When they stopped they
normally had a hand stroking them between their buttocks. 
Paul found it was the men who squeezed his balls firmer and longer while
Susan found that it was equally as likely to be a female finger as a male
finger, which found its way into her cunt.

Next time they returned to have their
trays refilled they were attached to special trays. 
Firstly they had the immediate searing pain of having the nipple clamps
removed and a tray was attached to their waist with a broad belt. 
The front of the tray immediately flopped forward. 
The front of the tray was then suspended from their nipples with a
spring-loaded clamp.  The time taken
to put the trays on their waists had let the pain in their nipples subside.  Now it was back with a vengeance.  Each drink added to the tray heightened their awareness of
their nipples! Susan had a pair of the clamps clipped onto her inner lips, while
Paul had a weighted collar attached to his scrotum causing his balls to be
squashed out of the bottom. 

When all the drinks had gone the trays
were removed and blindfolds were put on them. 
“Time for the fun to start”, said Richard.  Paul and Susan were gently lent back and strapped onto two
benches.  Their legs were spread
wide apart.  Each had a female pussy
sit on their mouth while the thighs of the incumbent cut out all the noise. 
Suddenly hands were all over them.  Susan
felt her pussy being pulled wide apart. Numerous articles were pushed inside
her.  She guessed at fingers, vibrators, dildos and even pricks! 
Paul felt his foreskin pulled roughly backward and forward, fingers
gripped each ball, squeezing, pulling and twisting. 
Almost as quickly as it started it stopped. 
Before last week Susan had only had one prick in her, now she didn’t
even now how many had entered her!  The
pussies on their faces were not removed.  Time
stood still, then each received a stinging whip on their soft and tender inside
thighs without warning.  Nine more
strokes followed before they were released. 

Their blindfolds were removed and they
were forced to kneel on all fours.  “Now
the licking and sucking competition.  The
first one to make their guest come wins, the other enjoys a buggery.” said
Richard.  “To make it fair we will
do the opposite sex first then the same sex, so both get a pussy and a prick to
suck.”  The guests drew straws to
see who would get the first attention.  Susan
got Peter’s prick to suck.  It was
long and thin and to her amazement, circumcised. 
Paul had to suck the tiny clit of Carol, she was one of the few who was
totally unshaven.  Her thick bushy
hair ran down the inside of her thighs.  While
Paul licked and licked Susan gobbled eagerly at Peter’s prick and was rewarded
by a thick stream of come spurting into her throat. 
Paul was encouraged with a cat until finally Carol came. 
At the end of the first round he had a deficit of 96 seconds to make up. 

Hugh and Cath replaced Carol and Peter. 
Cath was totally shaven with a prominent pair of inner lips and large
clitoris while Hugh had a short stumpy prick, which Paul thought was as wide as
it was long.  Susan and Paul looked apprehensively at their tasks but
started briskly on the word go. Susan was given a 96 second start so it was
first past the post!  She sucked and
licked for all her worth, but it was Paul’s sucking and head banging which won
the day.

Four women held Susan in the kneeling
position while Richard rubbed oil into her arse.  Someone she could not see then mounted her and she felt his
prick slide up her anus.  Paul
looked on as his wife took her buggering.  He
could tell that she was enjoying it as her nipples stiffened and she began to
smile, he was glad he had won that game in more ways than one.

The next game was more painful. 
Paul had to kneel down with his balls dangling between his legs. 
Each of the female guests fired three rubber darts from a dart gun, at
his testicles.  The winner would be
the one who scored a direct hit with each dart! 
Their prize would be Paul’s tongue licking their clitoris. 
Paul heard the spring release the dart and felt the thud as the first
dart grazed the inside of his left thigh.  The
second dart hit him in the middle of the right thigh, while the final of the
three got his right buttock.  The
game was not as bad as he thought it might be! 
The second contestant faired only slightly better than the first with her
first two darts, but her third skimmed the bottom of his scrotum. 
“One to Mary”, said Richard.  Paul
relaxed.  He was brought rigid as a
dart slammed straight into his right ball. 
A dull ache began.  The
second dart followed the flight path of the first and his ball exploded as he
let out a hiss of breath through his clenched teeth. 
Fortunately the third wasn’t quite so accurate as it hit his scrotum
between both testicles.  “Good
shooting, three to Kara”, shouted Richard. 

The game continued with only the
occasional bullseye until it was Wendy’s turn. 
She scored three as well.  “We
have a shoot off!” laughed Richard, “three more darts each. 
Girls, go and show Paul what he is going through agony to receive.” 
Kara and Wendy stood in front of Paul and opened their pussies with their
fingers, each rubbing their clits.  For
a moment Paul thought that it would be worth the pain to get his tongue in
either of those two pussies.  However,
the next six darts each found their mark.  “Sudden
death, the first to miss looses”, said Richard. 
Paul’s balls were on fire already and after five more darts it felt
relentless.  On her ninth dart Wendy
missed. 

“That was a great contest, bad luck
Wendy,” said Paul.  “I will
grant you one wish.”  

“As his balls are so small and made me
miss my last shot I’d like to see him buggered while he serves Kara.”  

“Great idea, you can rub the
lubrication up his arse,” agreed Richard. 
Paul had time to study Kara’s pussy as Wendy greased his arse.  His attention kept being brought back to his balls as Wendy
kept greasing them and taking the opportunity to squeeze them. 
Kara was an oriental, Paul couldn’t tell if Japanese or Chinese. 
She had a flash of straight pubic hair above her bald cunt. 
On the inside of her thigh, as close to her lips as it could go was a
small tattoo of a whip.  She knew he
was looking at it and let her finger run over it.  

“Wait till I use one of these on
you,” she whispered.  “I’ll
make you beg for mercy as I move it across all your body. 
The best bit is when the tip bites your balls.”

Paul felt hands take hold of his hips
and slowly a prick was pushed up his arse. 
When he felt the touch of thighs on his buttocks a hand came round one
side and grabbed his balls while the other hand came from the other side began
to pump his prick.  The prick in his
arse started going in and out, feeling as though it was ripping him in two. 
This was his cue to start licking Kara’s pussy.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we are now
going to prove that three into one does go. 
For this we need Susan’s co operation,” said Richard.  Peter sat on the settee and Susan was made to kneel above him
with the head of his prick just inside her pussy.  Nigel then knelt behind Susan and with the aid of numerous
pairs of hands and ample lubrication pushed the head of his cock inside her
arsehole.  Stephen then put his
prick in Susan’s mouth.  “I need
you all to come, now get fucking!” encouraged Richard. 
“And Susan, if any of the pricks come out it is your fault and you will
be severely punished.  If you keep
them in Paul gets the punishment.”

All three men began pumping at once. 
Although Peter and Nigel pushed and withdrew at different times Susan got
into the rhythm of rolling her hips backwards and forwards. 
The difficult part was keeping Stephen’s prick in her mouth. 
She had to stretch and arch her back. 
All the time she had to concentrate on the pricks, allowing herself no
personal enjoyment, as she was desperate to avoid a severe punishment. 
Soon she could feel and taste the three picks pumping her full of come.

After Susan’s success Paul was spread
eagled across the room.  To his
horror Kara walked over to him rubbing the tattoo of the whip on her inner
thigh.  “We’re going to enjoy
this,” she said, walking past him and picking up the whip. 
Paul heard a crack and his arse exploded.  Kara’s expertise was not in doubt, she had caught him
perfectly with the tip.  The next
stroke was on his other buttock, matching the first exactly. 
Her next strokes were different, she moved a little bit closer and let
the whip wrap itself round his body, giving it a small jerk at the end which had
the effect of pulling Paul towards her. Paul dangled on his ropes as the tip of
the whip found a nipple.  Kara was
as good with the whip as she had promised to be. After ten strokes he could not
stop sobbing.  Kara moved round to
the front.  She picked up his limp
prick and stroked it gently, slowly bring it to an erection, before flicking it
playfully and watching it jumping about.    

“Look its all excited”, she said,
“does it want to go somewhere?  Not
in a my pussy, no chance, I was just getting it out of the way. 
I don’t want your balls hiding behind it.”  

With that she stepped back. 
Paul tugged at his bindings trying to get as far away from her as he
could.  Kara stepped forward again,
teasing him some more.  “Perhaps I
won’t after all”.  Paul felt the
waves of relief flood over him as she put the whip down and playfully licked the
head of his prick.  He went rigid as
she picked up again and walked in front of her. 
“Keep your eyes open” she said and flicked her wrist. 
The whip sped forward, not with full power, but with enough to make him
writhe in agony as the tip struck his balls. 

After this Paul and Susan were told to
get dressed and show themselves out.

to be continued in part three - Meeting Robert.

21.08.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Paul & Susan's Intitiation 3 Meet Robert**](paul_susan_initiation3.html)

o0o
