---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Journey Down
authors:
- NotNormal
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- buried
- quicksand
- stuck
- cons
- XX
date: 2007-01-17 00:00:00
---

The leaves and
twigs rustled as I walked. I felt the cool breeze forming goose bumps on my
naked skin as I was led along in the darkness created by my blindfold.
Occasionally I stumbled and had a hard time righting myself with my arms duct
taped securely up to my elbows behind my back.

“Are you up for playing a fun game?” My mind drifted back to those words she said to
me before the hike we had planned.

“Sure what would
you like to do?” I said

“That would ruin
the surprise and I know you like to be surprised.” A Cheshire cat like smile
parted her lips. “Strip, take everything off, place your arms behind your back,
and don’t move until I say so”

“OK” I complied,
clothes off, once my arms were behind my back she walked behind me and I heard
the sound of duct tape coming off of the roll. I turned my head to look and she
smiled as she wraped up my wrists. She was wearing her t-shirt and cut off
shorts and looked so cute and mischievous.

“Your peeking,
we’ll have to fix that.”

She grabbed a folded up garbage bag and wrapped it
around my eyes and tied it tight behind my head.

“There that’s better no more
ruining the surprise. I’ll let you see more later.”

“Hmmm” I heard her muse, “you might figure stuff out by listening too, I can fix
that.”

I heard her walk away and rummage through some stuff then come back. I
felt something soft being molded to my ear.

“No sight or sound that should keep
you guessing and excited.”

She went for the other ear the feeling was a bit
different a little hard then the same soft stuff over it, all sound was now cut
off. In the darkness and almost complete silence I could only feel her wrap my
arms up to my elbows with the tape. Then I felt a rope tied around my waist. I
stood there for a while couldn’t see or here anything wondering what she was up
to. Then I felt a tug and we were off. Soon the feeling of rugs underfoot
changes to wood, then grass, and soon a dirt path.

We walked for a
long time the smell of the woods changed to a slightly heavier musty scent, and
the ground seemed moist. But we kept going for awhile longer. I could feel the
sun on my skin, it had started on my back and shoulders and had crept up to the
top of my head, I figured we walked for about an hour
to an hour and a half. The moist ground changed to a wooden plank we walked a
few more steps then stopped. The rope came off my mid section and I was
standing there for a while, she was up to something but what?

After a minute or
two she pulled off my blindfold and I blinked to adjust to the light. She had
a bag of stuff at her feet, she reached in and pulled out a bottle of water and
took a drink. She held it up to me offering it and I nodded. Holding my mouth
open she gave me a nice long drink quenching my thirst after the long hike. Back
into the bag, went the little temptress, and out came some swim goggles. I had
a confused look on my face but was still focused on her, as she put them on
me. 

When they were completely on I
glanced around looking through the distortion caused by both the lenses and the
pulling on my eyes they caused. I saw water a ways off but not close to us, so
we weren’t going swimming, at least not immediately and I notice the wood plank
I was on bordered some ground between us on the water, I could see the back of
a sign from were we stepped onto the plank but not what it said in the front of
it. My explorations were distracted by her hands running along my body. She
squeezed my naked buttock, breathed closely and heavily on my neck and just as I
got excited and my goggles fogged up I felt a playful push and backwards I
fell. I went to wave my arms for balance but they wee still secured behind me.
My attempts at preventing my fall only caused me to actually push off of the
wooden plank and land on my backside in soft earth.

I felt my
buttock sink into the earth, along with my hands, from the safety of the plank
I could see my companion exaggerated movements to communicate with me, she
motioned her body from a squat to standing position mouthing the words “Well
Stand up and come over here.” With great effort I leaned to a forward sitting
position, then bent my knees, and shifted my body weight to stand up. That
action bore surprising results; both of my feet and legs went smoothly into the
wet black earth below me. I was standing but I had gotten no higher, in fact my
crotch was going under and once again my hands were in the mud.

I looked towards
her and she was standing with her hands on her hips in mock indignation. She
was within arms reach of me, and seemed to be thinking of how to help me out,
or so it seemed. She looked around with an exaggerated motion like a player in
a silent film and picked up the rope. She walked over to the sign and tied an
end to it. Walked back over to the edge of the plank cocked her head and put on
a quizzical look, slapped her forehead and held up her hands as if to say “oh I
forgot your arms are tied behind you!”

I was now up to
my navel in the mud and could feel no bottom; it seemed to be a mix of clay,
earth and some sand and was very thick. I was going nowhere fast. She got a
look of 'I have an idea', went in the bag for a second took something out I
couldn’t see clearly, seemed to fiddle with her hair and earrings then looped
the rope through her belt loops around her waist and secured it behind her. She
had left a lot of slack for some reason way too much I thought.

As she was
preparing for what I though was my rescue I had time to ponder my situation the
thick muck had me up to a little over my navel. It felt good it had warmed up a
bit since my initial landing and seemed to be caressing and holding me, one odd
thing I had noticed was that large clumps of it were solidifying around me, I
could still move but every time I did it seemed that more of it moved with me,
ah well no worries here comes my rescue now.

She kneeled down
and reached out for me, I thought she was going to grab my shoulders and pull
me in but instead she firmly placed each of her hands on my shoulders and
pushed letting her body weight assist her. I was sinking further down! I tried
twisting and struggling but that only seemed to help her out. Bringing her face
closer to mine I could make out a smile that wasn’t just the Cheshire cat’s but
one of the cat that had swallowed the canary, near her lips and looped around her
ear I could also make out what seemed to be a microphone and earpiece, that’s
what she was doing with her hair and ear earlier, but why?

I felt her hot heavy
breath against my face steaming up my goggles again, and while terrified I
found myself very turned on by the whole thing as my nipples succumbed to the
mire. She kept pushing until only my shoulders and higher were out. Then she gave me a kiss on the forehead and leaned back. She admired her
handy work for awhile laying on the wooden plank looking me in the eye,
playfully she ran a hand in the mud, and painted patterns on my face, applying
some as a muddy lipstick. She got one of those wicked smiles again and took a
gob of the muck and brought it to my lips held it there and opened her mouth
wide as if to motion for me to do the same. A bit of fear and revulsion gripped
me but her play had gotten me very excited and curious in so many ways I opened
my mouth and she slid a mud covered finger in, I closed my lips around it
tentatively then she pulled the now clean finger out. It was one of the most
vile tastes I every had, pure clay would have had almost no taste but this had
boggy earth, sand, clay and who knows what else, my face winced as I swallowed
it, but it I was so hot from having done that, the conflict was inexplicable. A
playful smile crossed her lips with a giggle and she patted me on the head as
if I was a good little puppy.

At that point I
realized that I was down to my shoulders but wasn’t coming up despite buoyancy
a lot of the mire seemed to be attached to me and was weighing me down. What an
awkward position I was in I thought as I felt some mud splash on me from the
bag landing near me. Now what was she up to? I thought.

Looking away
from the bag I watched her legs cresting over each of my shoulders, she pushed off
of the plank and rested each of her thighs on me. I stared sinking again, every
drawn out movement of my legs only helped to pull me down further. She grabbed
my head and pulled it into the crotch of her shorts; I found that the only
breaths I could get were through the fabric of her shorts as she ground my face
into them.

At first I could only smell her excitement and almost taste it if I
breathed through my mouth then that started to change. The musty smell and
taste of earth started to come through as she held my hair and clamped down on
my head with her thighs. Soon it wasn’t just a smell or slight taste I felt
that familiar taste from earlier enter my lips, with her holding my head I
couldn’t lean it back any I realized my shoulder were long gone under and now my
head was following! Unable to twist my head even the slightest I was getting
hotter and hotter even though I was so close to drowning, as she ground herself
into me more mud entered my mouth, and was soon touching my nose, I took a deep
breath as she rocked back and forth and finally pushed my head completely
under.

I was in complete darkness the goggles protected my eyes but it was a
horrifying yet exciting vision, the last thing I had seen before going under
was the top of her shorts and thighs with the mud cresting over them and
collapsing over the edges as I went under. I felt her hands massaging mud in my
hair as it went under. I soon felt a violent shudder and a harsh squeezing of
my head by her legs. My lungs started to burn, I let out a little bit of air at
a time trying to keep as much as possible in my straining lungs. I felt one of
her hands leave my head and her body twist towards the bag. Her legs relaxed
which was somewhat a bad thing because more muck entered my open mouth, it cost
me more air to spit it out. Then I felt both her hands near my mouth, one
opening it and one pushing something in, after a brief coughing fit I realized
she had stuck a fat tube in my mouth, I had air again!

Breathing freely
now I felt even more turned on by my predicament I had no idea how far down I
was I could hear my heart racing a mile a minute and my own breaths but that
was it. I felt her hands on my head again steadying her as she worked her legs
backwards and off of me. At least that’s what I thought she was doing at first.
When her feet reached my shoulders I felt her shift her weight forward onto her
hands and her feet. She planted her feet firmly on my shoulders and racked back
and forth pushing me deeper and deeper. I felt her calves change angles until
she seemed to be almost standing on me. Then her hands came off my head and I
realized she was standing on me still rocking back and forth pushing me way
down, I realized to be standing on me like this she must be at least waist
deep. With her long legs that meant I was as much as 3 feet under! I was aching
with desire and fear now; breathing was getting difficult even with the tube it
was so exciting I was going to burst. Then I heard something. It was coming
from the ear with the hard thing in it, first some crackling noises then her
voice.

“Testing, if you can hear this let out a grunt to confirm.”

A little
clinical and somewhat comedic but effective, I grunted.

“Good! Well
surprise! This was it, I planed to sink you nice and deep. I’m almost up to my
belly button and you well your way down there” she let out a semi-maniacal
laugh. “Enjoying yourself?”

“Uh huh” I said
since that response actually worked through the tube.

“Good ‘cause I have some news, depending on how you feel it could
be good or bad.”

“Huh?”

“Well you see
once your as deep as you are, it’s very hard to get you back up, especially
since in the heat of the moment I forgot to tie the rope under your arms.” She
let out a nervous laugh. “so you are effectively trapped.
Possibly permanently, Mmmmm” that sounded like she
was turned on by the thought of me trapped here. “Sorry the thought that I’ve
got you permanently trapped and at my mercy or lack of it makes me so hot”

“Mmmm hmm” I let out.

“How does it
make you feel”

“Ho oo” my lame attempt at saying “hot too”

“Good I got that,
well then get used to it while I figure out what to do, don’t worry if it goes
on for awhile I’ll check on my little planted tree every day, I’ll give you
water and food, liquid food of course, until I figure out what to do with or to
you.” More giggling then loud laughter. “Enjoy your stay, I know I have” with
that statement I felt one foot leave my shoulder and step on my head then the
other, after about fifteen minutes of grunting I hear a loud “pop” then “Whew
it took that much for me to get out from belly deep, your in big trouble! This
stuff sticks like glue and weighs a ton! That caution sign warning of deep
quicksand/quickclay wasn’t kidding. I wonder how long
your earpiece batteries will last. It would be a shame for you to suffer in
silence, guess I could always resort to yelling in the tube.” She started
laughing a lot then. “What a thought my own permanently sunk man, I’m going to
have fun watching the videos of this tonight!” She’s go this on tape? I’d love
to see it! Oh wait, that might be a problem.

“Well  I’ll be back later with some food for you, oh
yeah don’t let that tube out of your mouth, not having use of your hands you
might never get it back!” I tried squirming a bit but started to notice as far
down as I was the ground was setting around me making my movements more and
more difficult. Last thing I heard as she left was her cutting off her
microphone leaving me with only the sounds of my breathing and my heart
thumping loud and fast. Held fast in the embrace of the earth I wonder if I
actually want her to find a way to get me out, as I drift off in to a fitful
sleep.
