---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Favor
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n-a
---

\*
\*
The Favor
by Studbound

"Won't you do it, just for me?" she begged.

"I would be too embarrassed," he explained. "It's just not something
I can do."

"But it's nothing really. All you would do is model some clothes and
toys. That's it."

"And the swim suit?"

"Oh, yes, you would wear your black suit. The one you wear when you
race."

"So," he said, "you want me to parade around in front of a bunch of
strange women wearing almost nothing. I don't think so.”
"Only five or six women," she said. "And Mistress Domina. It would
mean so much to me. I don't ask you to do much. What could it hurt?"

"What kind of things will I be modelling again?" he asked.

"Just clothes and toys and things. It's like a Tupperware party, and
I get a percentage of whatever she sells. Oh please Steve, I need the money.
It would be such a favour to me. And later I'll make it worth your while,"
she cooed.

"I don't know," he hesitated, weakening.

"Just be here tomorrow at one in the afternoon, and wear the Speedo’s
under your Levi's.

"I suppose," he gave in. "But this is something I don't look forward
to."
The next day he arrived at her apartment a few minutes before one.
She kissed him as he walked in, giving him a big hug, running her hand
over his chest, down to his crotch where she fondled the bulge in his Levi's.

"Did you wear the swim suit?" she asked.

"Yes," he answered.

"Great. Now, go into my bedroom and take off everything except the suit,
and then watch TV until the others are here. I'll come and get you when
we're ready."

Steve went into the bedroom, slowly stripped down to the bikini-like
black Speedo’s that he had worn when swimming in competition. It had been
a struggle getting it on, as it was almost too small for him. He still
had his figure - tall, dark, with a narrow waist and a pleasant butt. His
upper body was broad and strong, muscular and despite not working out for
a few months, he showed a washboard chest with abundant black hair. He
lay on the bed and waited, watching one of the afternoon soap operas.

Outside he heard voices. The women guests were arriving. The party was
to start at two.

A little after two she opened the door and called him to join the others
in the main room. He got up, and slowly walked to the door, still full
of doubt about the whole thing. Outside he saw seven women sitting around
the edge of the room. Good-looking women. Some as good looking as his fiancée,
and there was no doubt that she was spectacular. Sometimes he got turned
on just looking at her. In bed, with her ample breasts and well rounded
contours, her blond hair and seductive voice, he was in heaven.

The women ‘ooohed’ when he entered the room. He was especially good
looking, and their sighs indicated that they appreciated seeing him.

"So, this is Steve," came the voice of a slender older woman dressed
almost entirely in black. "He is beautiful."

Steve blushed.

"Steve," said his fiancée, "This is Madam Domina. You just do
whatever she says."

Madame Domina set to work, dressing Steve in a variety of shirts, smoking
jackets, lounging pants and tops, muscle shirts, and other clothes that
he made look good with his figure. After about an hour, she announced,
"Now, to the toys. I think this is what some of you have been looking forward
to."

The first thing the Madame did was fix a set of handcuffs on Steve's
wrists, behind his back. As she had with all the other things, she talked
about the product, explained its virtues, and its cost. She removed the
handcuffs and moved on to wrist cuffs, ankle cuffs, a blindfold, and a
harness affair that held Steve's arms firmly behind his back. Steve was
uneasy about the bondage equipment, but she quickly removed each item after
talking about it. He was there, and wasn't much he could do about it, so
he went along with her directions.

After running through a series of small items, Madame Domina produced
a large leather jacket. Slipping it on, Steve realized that it was a straitjacket.
The Madame quickly buckles up the belts in the back, pulled in his arms
around his body, and bound them in place. Then she fastened the straps
that went between his legs, one on either side of the masculine bulge that
filled almost to overflowing the front pouch of his swim suit.

"I'm not sure about this," he said quietly to the Madame.

"Quiet," she said, and she gave him a slap on the butt - causing the
women to snicker.

The Madame took some time to point out the features of the straitjacket.
It was secure, well made, and effective. Steve knew he could not get himself
out of it. The Madame next fixed new cuffs to Steve's legs at his ankles,
above and below his knees. These she fastened together leaving him standing,
but immobile.

"Steve," she said, "I want you to lay down on the floor."

She helped him, and as he sat, he asked, "When will you take this off?"

"Quiet," she demanded. "It will come off when I am through demonstrating
it, just like the other things."

Next the Madame produced a blindfold and put it on Steve. He tried to
avoid it, but said nothing. The Madame had her way. Bending behind him,
she produced a leather strap, fastened it to the cuffs binding Steve's
ankles, and pulled it up to a ring in the back of the straitjacket, tugging
it until it was tight and Steve's legs were in a firm hog-tie position.

At this Steve protested - "I don't like this, and I would like the blindfold
off as well as the other things. I think the demonstration is over."

"One more thing," said Madame Domina.

She quickly grabbed Steve's nose and pinched it shut with her fingers.
As he opened his mouth to protest, she shoved in the plug of a large gag,
forcing the plug fully into Steve's mouth, quickly wrapping his head with
the straps and buckling them firmly in place.

"Mmmmmmmmmm Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm Mpfffff," came Steve's muffled protests.

Now fully hog-tied, bound and gagged on the floor of the apartment,
it
was obvious to Steve that he wasn't going anywhere, nor going to protest
until the Madame or someone released him. He struggled, but it did no good.

In the room Steve heard the Madame explain that the demonstration was
over, and that she would then take orders for any of the things she had
shown. For perhaps half an hour or more, Steve heard women chattering,
some buying things, all admiring the products. Slowly, one by one or in
groups, the women left. Finally, there was just Madame Domina and Steve's
fiancée.

"Well," he heard the Madame say, "is he how you wanted him?

"Oh yes," she answered. "He's wonderful."

Steve protested into the gag, but they ignored him.

"Good," said the Madame. "I've sold a lot of things, and our bargain
was that you could keep the things that Steve has on now. I'm satisfied
if you are." With that the Madame left. Now it was just Steve and his fiancée.

She got down on the floor, and sat next to him. She touched his face
above the gag. He moaned. She bent close to him and said, "I've wanted
you this way for a long time. Ever since we met. I've dreamed of what it
would be like to have you as my prisoner – trussed up and gagged this way.
But I didn't know if you would let me tie you up. So I had Madame Domina
help me, and she came up with this plan. Now that I have you, I intend
to keep you at least for the weekend.  I'll show you a pleasure you
have never known. When I let you go on Monday, if I let you go, I'm sure
you'll be willing to let me dress you in these toys whenever I want. Meanwhile,
just lay back and enjoy it.  Steve moaned into the gag. He knew she
meant what she said.

07-01-02
