---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: His Fantasy Come True 2
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- FF-m
- bond
- toys
- kidnap
- wrap
- cons
- XX
---

(story continues from [**His Fantasy Come True**](his_fantasy.html))_

_*This story is a fantasy I have had
for a very long time. It is something I have wanted to make come true but have
no idea how to go about it. I thought I would share it with you, the readers and
see if any of you have any ideas or if anyone out there in the Denver Colorado
area would be interested in having a slave for a week? Please contact me a [powell8006@yahoo.com.](mailto:powell8006@yahoo.com.)* *I would love to hear your comments, advice
and additions to the story. The story is five parts, this is part 2.*_

_**His Fantasy Come True - Part 2**_

_He spent the
night in unbelievable pleasure and pain, the vibrators would bring him close to
orgasm and then the plug inside his shaft would stop him from cumming. The
frustration was almost to much to bare, but he had no choice bound as he was. He
slept very little and then only after he was very tired. Morning came and the
ladies returned to the basement dungeon. The first thing he felt was the nipple
clips and the clips on his balls being released. He yelped as they removed them
from him. The nose hook and ropes holding him down was then removed and he felt
scissors cutting the plastic and tape holding him. At last the ropes holding his
tortured limbs were removed. He is so stiff that he just lays there unable to
move. The women then remove the plugs and vibrators from his body. His body is free of all restraint, except his gag and
blindfold._

_"I will lead you to the bathroom, once the door is closed you may
remove the gag and blindfold, I will unlock the gag. Take a shower and anything
else you need to do and return here." She hands him a small bag. "In the bag
you will find a new gag, blindfold , nipple clips and handcuffs. Once you are
finished, put them on and open the bathroom door. Then wait for one of us."
She leads him to the bathroom and then leaves closing the door. He removes the
gag and blindfold which he has wore for over 15 hours. The shower feels good, he
takes his time letting the water hit his sore arms and legs. He finishes and
opens the bag. Inside he finds a new ball gag with a lock, a blindfold with a
strap and lock, a set of clover nipple clips with a set of weights attached
below each clip and a pair of handcuffs. He attaches the clips to his nipples
and then puts on the gag strapping it behind his head.
Last he picks up the blindfold and places it over his eyes and locks it
behind his head. With the handcuff on his left wrist he reaches behind him and
locks his hands behind his back. He
turns around and reaches out with his bound hands and opens the door and waits._

_In a few minutes he feel a hand on his shoulder, "Bend over" he was
told. He did as he was told. A large anal plug is pushed up his backside and
duct tape seals it in, the vibrator is then
turned on. " Stand up and come this way" he was lead to a chair and helped
to set down. The plug is forced deep inside him which causes him to moan. His
bound arms were placed over the back of the chair and he feels duct tape sealing
his ankles to the legs of the chair. Tape is applied above and below his knees
and then over his upper legs sealing his ass to the chair. Next they apply tape
to his chest and stomach holding him to the back of the chair. Tape is applied
both above and below his nipples. The tape is going to hurt like hell when they
pulled it loose he thinks._

_He waits as he hears one of them messing around with
something. Then the gag is unlocked and removed. "Do not talk" she said "I
am feeding you some breakfast." A spoon is pressed to his lips and he opens
and tastes oak meal. She feeds him until the bowl is empty, then a cup is
pressed to his lips and he drinks orange juice. He finishes the cup," Time for
more fun" he heard one of them say. His nipple clips were pulled up toward the
ceiling and tied there. Then he feels one of them straddle over him and a wet
pussy is pressed over his mouth. "Lick me" one of them says. She tastes nice
as he does his best to make her feel good. After a while she pushes herself into
his face pulling the back of his head with her hand. She shakes and has a major
orgasm. He gasps for breath as she releases him. "Next" he heard her say.
This is all repeated again repeated by the second female as she pushes his face
into her and shakes for all she is worth in a major orgasm. She finally releases
his head and he breathes deeply for a few seconds. Then the gag is pushed into
his mouth and locked behind his head._

_"Nice
job slave, you are very good at that, in a few days you will be able to use your
wonderful mouth on several of my friends, we are having a little party and you
are the attraction." He moans as he feels the second lady take his shaft in
her hand and starts to play with it. It does not take long for him to get hard.
She works his shaft until he is close then stops. He moans as she stops and then
starts all over again. She plays with him for about 15 minutes then finally he
feels a plug which is a tampon, pushed into his shaft and sealed there with vet
wrap. He hears duct tape being pulled from the roll and then feels it wrapped
around his left bound foot. She seals him to the chair covering all his skin up
to hip then back down again, then the other side of the chair and the other leg.
She leaves his bound shaft out but covers the rest of him up to his waist and
chest. She covers up to the nipples, but leaves an opening for the chain of the
nipple clips, she continues up to his neck. "Can't have your hair sticking
to the tape can we?" she said. A plastic bag is pushed over his head and then
sealed shut with the duct tape. He fights to breath the stale air as she tapes
his head leaving a small hole where his nose is and covering the rest of his
head in duct tape. Just in time she tears the plastic below his nose and he
breaths in deeply and settles down. "There that should be fun for you for a
while." "Do we want to leave him any vibrators?" he heard one of them say.
"No lets let him suffer without them for a while." "Ok, lets get something
to eat." He heard them leave and the door lock. His nipples hurt pulled like
they were but the rest of him felt ok. He rested the best he could, not sure
what they would come up with next._

_Two hours later he heard them return. He felt the tape around his nipples
being pulled free, it hurt as they peal it from his skin. Then he feels his
shaft being unwrapped and the tape being removed from that area. The rest of the
tape is left in place. Then he feels a stick on his left nipple. They are
pushing needles into him. One woman takes the right side and the other the left.
Each pushes needles above and below his clipped nipples. Ten needles are pushed
through on each nipples area. Then a longer needles are pushed through the skin
being held by the clover clip. He yelps at that one. More needles are pushed
into the open area around his shaft and balls. He yelps at some of these as they
hurt. Then needles at shoved into his ball sack and then up his shaft to below
the head. He moans and yelps as this in done. After this 25 needles adorn his
shaft and 25 more in his ball sack. This did not count the others in his upper
legs and lowers stomach which numbered about 30. "He makes a nice pin
cushion" he heard one of them say, "yes he does the other said, I have two
more boxes of 100 each, do you want them?" "Not right now, lets let him
enjoy himself for a few minutes, we have things to do." she laughed as they
left. He moaned at the pain._

_They were gone only a few minutes. On the return he smelled something
burning and then felt wax being dripped over the needles. It burned as they
covered the open areas of his skin and the needles deep in wax. Both of them
dripping wax. Finally he was covered in wax so much that it no longer hurt as
they dripped it. "That should hold him for a while." "What else do we need
to do." "That's it for now." "We are going shopping, see you in a few
hours" he heard them leave" The wax felt heavy and weird. He moaned as he
tried to move. He missed the vibrators, he hated to admit it, but he did. The
needles had stopped hurting. He moaned into the gag wondering how long they
would be._

_Two and half hours later he heard them return. First thing he felt was
the tape being pulled free he yelped as the tape was pulled from his body. It
hurt and he yelped into the gag. Then the wax was pulled free of the needles. It
hurt coming off as it stuck to the needles and pulled them when it came off.
Finally he was just bound at the ankles, knees and chest. The gag, blindfold and
needles were still in, but everything else was removed.
Then both of the women started to remove the needles, down his body until
they were all removed. Then peroxide was poured over skin. It burned and he
yelped into the gag._

_"Time to move you again" One of them said. The tape was
ripped free of his legs and then chest and stomach. "Stand up" one of them
said. He was helped up and lead to the other side of the room hands still cuffed
behind his back. Next to the bed one of them releases his hands. "Lay down on
the bed" He does and is tied spread again to the bed. "It is time for you to
please us again, I expect you to do better each time." The gag is removed and
he feels one of the women climb on the bed and move over his face. The other
moves over his shaft and lowers herself on to him._

_As she starts to move up and
down the other seats down on his face. He is forced to lick her as she presses
herself down. He can hardly breath as she presses her pussy hard to his mouth.
The other one moves faster and faster on his shaft. He feels himself getting
close to cumming but is unable to say anything. Just in time the lady on his
shaft has an orgasm and stops. At the same time the one on his face has a giant
orgasm and pushes herself hard into his face. She shakes for a minute holding
him so he can't breath. Finally she releases him and he sucks in deep breaths._

_"Very good slave" she said "you did not cum either, very impressive, now
can you make it when we trade places?"_

_The ladies moved around and traded
places. "Here we go again" one said. Again the ladies lower themselves to his
body. He licks for all he is worth, hopping to get her off as fast as possible.
He can feel his orgasm building again, he knows he can not control it very long.
He licks as fast as he can and finally he feels her shake as an orgasm starts.
She presses her legs hard holding his head and mouth to her. Again for the
second time he fights to breath. The other one continues to work his shaft up
and down, he moans as his orgasm approaches. The lady on his face releases him
and he breath he tries hard to catch his breath. Just then the lady on his shaft
shakes and she has a massive orgasm. He can not hold it he is to close and cums
just as she is pulling herself off him._

_" I can't believe it, you just came
on me! You will pay slave" A gag is shoved into his mouth and both women leave
the room._

_An hour
later they return. He hears them come in. They say nothing. One of them takes
his shaft in her hand and works it. He gets hard very fast. She keeps going and
he feels an orgasm coming, he tries to stop it but has no luck. He cums as she
catches it in a cup. "It's time for bed" One of them says. He feels his
legs released and then duct tape wrapped up the legs from foot to hip. Then the
legs are retied spread. Then each arm is wrapped and retied spread wide. He then
feels clothspins being placed on his balls then up his stomach and chest. His
ball gag is unfastened and pulled from his mouth then something wet is shoved
into his mouth. It is a pair of panties covered with his own cum. He tastes
himself as a second set of cum covered panties are shoved in also._

_Last he hears
duct tape and feels it being wrapped around his head. His gag is covered with
tape, then the blindfold. A small hole is left for the nose. "Since you came
twice without permission you are going to be punished."
She said He fells something hot on his balls and shaft, it gets hotter
and hotter. "Enjoy a little icy hot" she says. She then wraps his shaft and
balls in plastic wrap leaving the clothspins sealed inside. "Have a nice
night, see you in the morning." He moans as the icy hot gets hotter and hotter
the heat is held in with the plastic. He hears them leave._

_23.05.06_

_story continues in [**His Fantasy Come True 3**](his_fantasy3.html)

o0o
