---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bondage Table
authors:
- Marylynn
tags:
- MF+/f
- bond
- bdsm
- electroplay
- cons
- X
date: 2017-05-07 00:00:00
---

Our bondage club meets every other Saturday night. We have anywhere
from 8 to all 16 members present for our meetings. After a short session
to take care of club business and collect dues, we engage in bondage sessions,
with either volunteers or names picked from a coffee can as the subjects
for that nights bondage scenes.

At a previous meeting, a committee was appointed to design and build
bondage devices that could be made by the club members.  We already
have the usual restraints; handcuffs, leather cuffs for wrists and ankles,
bondage hoods, gags of various types, chastity belts, single armed gloves,
bondage mittens, etc that would be found in any bondage clubs collection.
We have also built some devices including a bondage chair anchored to the
floor, standing and kneeling stocks, a spanking bench, a suspension harness
and a bondage cross.

One of the committee members suggested we build a bondage board supported
by two saw horses with several restraints attached to it for securing the
subject either face up or down.  The board would also be useful in
wrapping subjects in Saran wrap and duct tape for mummifying them before
restraining them to the board.  Other members thought we could do
better than that simple idea.  So tonight we would try out the "Bondage
Table" the committee designed and built for the club on our first "victim".

The device consisted of a foam padded, black leather covered table 4
feet wide by 8 feet long which was supported at the four corners by 4x4"
posts anchored to the floor.  The table had foam rubber lined cutouts
in it for the subjects face, breasts, genitals and feet.  The idea
was to strap a member, either a male or a female, face down in a spread-eagled
position for whatever punishments were decided on by the members present.

There were six couples present that night.  A drawing was held
and Gloria's name was pulled out of the container to be the first subject
to try it out. Her name being picked was poetic justice because she has
been the most demanding of punishments to be meted out to other club members
in the past.  Gloria was assisted by Jeannie and Donna in removing
her dress and brassiere.  She was then fitted with an inflatable rubber
gag attached to a head harness with straps around and over her head. 
The gag was then inflated by Donna.  Gloria protested with "MMMMMPH's"
as the gag was inflated to its' fullest. She had on only a waist-cinching
corset gartered to her black stockings and black patent pumps with 4" stiletto
heels.

Gloria was lifted on to the tabletop by Michael and Benny.  Her
arms and ankles were stretched wide apart and fastened to leather cuffs
attached near the four corners of the padded tabletop.  Her exposed
position became clear to her when her face was pushed through the hole
made for it.  The oval cutout allowed just her face to extend through
to the underside of the foam-padded hole.  Neck and head straps were
next fastened, forcing her face tightly into the oval.

Under the table, mirrors had been placed and she could see her breasts
pressed part way through the two holes for them.  Her exposed pussy
could also clearly be seen as she looked down into the mirrors beneath
her. Several straps were then buckled around her elbows, chest, waist,
thighs, knees and ankles to immobilize her. Since her titties were too
large to go through the holes provided for them, Jeannie went under the
table and pulled each titty fully through.  The bases of her huge
breasts were too small for the holes, resulting in her suspended tits now
looking like two huge globes captivated by tight bands.

Jeannie sucked on her nipples and caressed them with her fingers to
arouse Gloria, who "MMMMMPH'ed" into her gag again and again as Donna continued
sucking on them until they were enlarged and hardened.  Then, as she
had been secretly instructed to do by Michael beforehand, she fastened
a steel nipple clamp on each of her hardened buds.  The alligator
teeth bit into her and Gloria's whole body strained to get rid of the awful
things.

As Jeannie's job was done, Michael took the next step in Gloria's punishment. 
He placed a large electric motor with a shaft of each side atop the mirror
directly below her bulging tits. Each of the motor shafts had an eccentric
cam wheel attached to it.  Attached to the outside of each cam wheel
was a rubber band a half inch wide, which had been cut from the inner tube
of a trucks' tire.  These were quite stretchy but thick enough to
exert a lot of pull when stretched to the maximum.  Michael attached
each of the inner tube loops to the steel nipple clamps on Gloria’s' tits.

When Michael had finished making sure the motor was positioned correctly,
he came out from under the table and retrieved a remote control device,
which turned on the motor and set its speed.  He eased the control
knob past the ON position and the motor began to rotate the cams, thus
causing the rubber loops to expand and contract. He could see that it worked
just as he had planned.  Each of Gloria's huge tits was being stretched
in turn causing her immense pain.  Her response was to moan and moan
as her body shivered in the relentless restraints of the bondage table.

Michael, with a devilish grin to the other members, suddenly moved the
remote control knob to HIGH. Poor Gloria's tits were now just a blur, as
the machine did its' assault on her body.  Michael eased off on the
control again.  Now, each breast was again slowly being stretched
and relaxed again, at the rate of about every five seconds.  The relentless
clamps would not come off as they were designed to tighten even more when
pulled on.  Gloria was being paid back in full for the pain she had
previously inflicted on the other club members.

Next, Jeff demonstrated a device he had built for the club.  Jeff
is a retired electronics engineer and his device consisted of a cassette
tape player connected to a powerful audio amplifier and loudspeaker. Ordinary
enough stuff, available to just about everybody.  But Jeff's idea
was to use these common items in a very unique way.  He connected
a transformer to the two wires from the amplifier output to the input side
of the transformer.  The output wires from the transformer, (which
would greatly step up the voltage from the amplifier) were connected through
a long cord to a pair of solid brass dildos.  One of these was 5 inches
long and the other 7 inches.  Each had a large tip tapering to a small
base where the wires had been attached.  Jeff lubricated each dildo
and then inserted one into Gloria's pussy and the other into her anus.

Gloria's eyes widened as she watched this intrusion to her womanhood
in the mirrors beneath her.  The shape of the dildos kept them firmly
in place.  Jeff placed a tape in the cassette and turned on the amplifier
to a low volume.  As he slowly increased the volume, Gloria was mortified
to feel the electric impulses travelling between her pussy and rectum. 
Jeff had selected a tape of a violin concerto that also contained lots
of drumbeats and cymbal clashes.  Gloria could feel the music throb
within her.  The electric current from the violins was actually rather
soothing and caused her pussy to contract and expand slowly in time to
the music.  But the drumbeats sent a series of very intense shocks
to her clit.

In just a few minutes, the members could see her cum ripping from her
pussy in the mirrors below the table.  Jeff turned up the music volume
to loud.  The members watched in amusement as they could see Gloria's
ass react violently to the drumbeats and especially the cymbal clashes.
Her orgasms came one after the other as she clenched the dildos tighter
within her, as she struggled to continue the painful, yet blissful music
deep within her loins.

(To Be Continued).....Marylynn. e-mail:
[marylynn32@yahoo.com](mailto:marylynn32@yahoo.com) if you
feel motivated to write me.



©–2001 | updated -
