---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Miss Johnson's Initiation 3
authors:
- Reinette
tags:
- F/ffm
- bond
- mum
- tape
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-05 00:00:00
---

**3: Enjoying the View**

David winked at me across the staff room
the morning after my lesson with Jane and Sarah. I must have looked a picture,
bouncing into the room as if I was full of the joys of spring! He knew… He knew
exactly what had gone on the night before, and the grin he shot in my direction
told me that he knew exactly what was going to happen next week too!

I was extremely excited at the thought
of turning the tables, making someone feel as wonderful as I did when I was
taken charge of.

Jane and I emailed each other throughout
the week – she wanted to prepare me fully for what we were going to do. We
planned every detail, so that when we met up with David, he would have an
unforgettable experience!

The night of the “lesson”, I prepared my
bedroom. The bed was pulled slightly away from the wall, the lighting carefully
set, all of the equipment we needed laid out on my dressing table so that it was
close to hand. Sarah was going to join us too – I liked the thought of that. I’d
never been attracted to a girl in the way I absolutely wanted her!

I smiled as I got ready – Jane had told
me where to buy my outfit, a stunning black PVC corset and sheer black skirt
that flowed down the floor. I looked at myself in the mirror, turning from one
side to the other, impressed by the way that the corset cinched in my waist, and
enhanced my cleavage…

Jane and Sarah arrived together, each
carrying a wooden board under their arms, about six feet long and eighteen
inches wide. They carried them upstairs to my bedroom, and I then showed them
where to get ready. We’d planned for me to be in charge of everything. I loved
the thought of that, and it helped that Jane had explained the details and made
sure that I was confident in what I wanted to do.

They walked into my bedroom to meet me,
and my jaw dropped! They dressed exactly how I had asked them too – both of them
dressed in just plain black underwear, nothing too showy, but perfect… Perfect
for taking off quickly when I needed them too! They looked fantastic, and I
hoped that David would think so too.

David rang the doorbell right on time,
and I nervously answered the door.

“Nice”, he said, looking me up and down
as he came in, “You sure you’re ready for this?”

I smiled. I was more than ready. I’d
replayed tonight over and over again in my head. I couldn’t wait to get started.
I took his hand and led him upstairs to where Jane and Sarah were waiting. I
gave them the signal and they moved over to him, and started to take off his
clothes, stripping him quickly until he was completely naked. I sat on the bed
and watched, composing myself, taking everything in.

Jane looked over, and I nodded, getting
up to stand at the foot of the bed.

“Jane and Sarah are going to tie you
down to the bed.” I said, trying to put some authority in my voice.

David lay down on the bed and offered
his hands up to the girls who positioned themselves either side. They each took
a wrist, and carefully knotted rope around them before securing them to the
headboard. They caressed his body as they moved down the bed, running their
fingers down his smooth stomach, teasing him, stroking the inside of his thigh.
They tied his ankles to the bed in the same way as his wrists.

“How much can you move?” I asked, and he
pulled against his restraints as hard as he could. He managed to move his torso
and head… that was ok, but his legs and arms were going nowhere.

David was obviously enjoying himself,
his erection standing proudly, demanding attention. But that could wait; he had
a show to watch!

Sarah and Jane moved so that they were
in David’s line of sight, and I joined them. I unfastened Jane’s bra, reaching
round from in front of her, and took it off, before kissing her all the way down
from her neck to her navel so that I could remove the rest of her underwear. I
felt her body quiver with pleasure. I handed Sarah a roll of bondage tape, and
together we began to wrap Jane, taking an arm each, covering her skin in silver
PVC from her fingertips to her shoulders. I kept looking over at David, making
sure that he could see what we were doing.

Sarah and I continued wrapping Jane
together, encasing her legs in bondage tape. I took great care to make sure that
there were no wrinkles, smoothing out the tape as I wrapped. I loved the sound
of the tape coming off the roll, and the intoxicating smell of it. Once her legs
were fully wrapped, I continued to with the rest of her body, passing the tape
around her gorgeous flat stomach, and over her breasts up to her neck, making
her look absolutely incredible.

I looked Jane in the eyes; she knew what
was coming next. I took a fresh roll of tape and wrapped her head, under her
chin, over the top, and then round and around, gagging her, but leaving her eyes
free so that she could still see. I manoeuvred her towards a wooden board that
was leaning against the wall. I reached down to pick up a vibrator and turned it
on via the remote control, brushing it all over her PVC covered skin. I turned
it down to its lowest setting, and then pushed it gently into her, and pressed
her legs together, securing it in place.

Sarah and I then wrapped another tight
layer of tape around Jane and the board, starting at her ankles, moving up her
body up to her shoulders. I then took four leather straps, and fastened them at
her ankles, thighs, waist and shoulders to make sure that she didn’t slip down
the board as it was rested against the wall.

I cast a glance at David again, I’d been
preoccupied with mummifying Jane, but he smiled at me, and mouthed “okay”.

With Jane on display, my attentions then
turned to Sarah, and I felt immediately nervous again. Until now, I’d had help,
a guiding hand with the bondage, but I was on my own. I didn’t want to do
anything wrong – I wanted everyone to feel amazing, and it was up to me to make
sure that they did… That feeling of control was intoxicating.

Sarah was to be mummified exactly in the
same way as Jane, but I decided to take my time with it, revel in the
experience. I took off her underwear slowly, and ran my hands all over her body
as she stood naked in front of me. I kissed and nibbled her breasts, my hand
drifting in-between her legs, teasing her. I thought about all of the things
that I wished Sarah would do to me, and re-enacted them, getting turned on more
and more by her sighs and moans.

I picked red tape for Sarah’s
mummification, and tightly wrapped each of her arms in the PVC. I wrapped her
legs slowly, and then moved onto her torso, wrapping each turn as tightly as I
could, the tape covering her completely. Sarah let out a giggle as I gently
brushed my hands up and down her sides. I enjoyed wrapping her head, tightly
gagging her, passing the tape around her head over and over again. Her blue eyes
sparkled through the gap I left, and I know that she would be smiling if she
could.

The vibrator I had chosen for Sarah was
totally different to Jane’s. It sat on her clitoris, stimulating it directly. I
didn’t turn it on… Not yet. I wound more tape around Sarah and her board,
securing her as much as I could. The leather straps were placed around her in
the same positions as Jane, and I rested the board against the wall next to her
friend. I stepped back to look – two beautiful girls, mummified and on show,
their bodies looking incredible totally encased in PVC. I sighed with pleasure…

Now for David.

I leant over the bed and kissed him
lightly on the lips, running my fingers down the inside of his arms.

“Do you like what you see?” I whispered
into his ear.

“Oh yes! I should say so!” he said
emphatically, turning to look at the gorgeous display.

“They’re going to be watching everything
I do to you, “ I explained, “Do you like the thought of that?”

David looked into my eyes deeply, and
nodded. I reached over to pick up a roll of tape, and began to wrap up his head.
I was in two minds as to whether I should cover his eyes or not. I wanted him to
be able to see me, to see the girls watching us, but at the same time, I knew
that the sensations of what I had planned would be enhanced if he couldn’t
anticipate what I was doing. When I came to wrap his eyes, I kept going. I knew
it would be worth it for him.

With his head totally encased in PVC, I
started to kiss his chest, inching my way down his body, and then down the
inside of his thigh, knowing that he could feel my warm breath on his penis. I
positioned myself in between his legs, and took him in my hand, rubbing him
slowly and lightly. I teased the head of it with my tongue, flicking it back and
forth, before taking as much of him in as I could.

I teased him with a vibrator, dragging
it over the tops of his legs and letting it linger near the top of his penis,
making him shudder and pull against his restraints. The thought of me turning
him on so much was driving me crazy. He couldn’t stop me, not that he would want
to, he just HAD to enjoy every thing I chose to do to him.

I looked over at the girls, and smiled.
Time for them to have some more fun – I switched both of their vibrators onto
maximum. Both of them let out a stifled moan from underneath their wrappings.
They wriggled, and their bodies shifted slightly in their cocoons. They could
hardly move: it was just how I wanted it.

I could tell that David was very close
to coming, and I was unbelievably aroused. With my hands pinning down his chest,
I lowered myself onto him, taking every inch of him inside me. I rocked back and
forth, controlling every movement.

David instinctively tried to force me
into a rhythm, pushing his hips up against me. I took no notice. Slowly, I built
up the motion until I could hear David’s breathing getting heavier and heavier.
His fists clenching, his legs tensing. The girls’ were now really fighting
inside their cocoons, their moans and whimpers getting louder.

The feelings inside me came to a
crashing crescendo and found myself screaming as I climaxed. I felt David’s
whole body shake underneath me as he came too, throbbing inside me as I clenched
around him.

I switched off the girls’ vibrators, and
unwrapped David’s head before undoing his restraints. I laid down next to him on
the bed, my head resting on his chest and his arm around me. We stayed like that
for a while, looking at Jane and Sarah, enjoying the view, before all four of us
drifted off to sleep.
