---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Afternoon in the Park
authors:
- Maria Wells
tags:
- Sbf
- outdoors
- naked
- cuffs
- chain
- gag
- hobble
- nipple
- tease
- climax
- stuck
- caught
- camera
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2001-10-08 00:00:00
---

*Here is a story written by my girlfriend. Most of the
bondage is based on stuff she has already done, although the ending is
pure fiction. I hope you like it. "Leviticus" (Sadly both Maria & Leviticus are no longer with us).*

My name is Maria, and I want to tell you about an elaborate piece of
self bondage I managed to pull off a few weeks ago. It was during a time
when we actually got some warm weather up here in the north country. I
do a lot of self bondage at home and had been planning this one for months,
just waiting for a good time to do it. When the forecast for the
weekend was for 90+ temperatures, I knew that the time had come at last.

When the day finally arrived, I gathered everything I needed, and drove
out of town to this huge public park. The park was up against a river that
wound back and forth, creating smaller sub parks out of the big one.
Over half the place was wooded, and trails led back and forth through most
of it. It's major attraction to me was a stream that fed into the
park from the surrounding fields. Thickly wooded along its entire length,
few people made their way along it. I had been up it many times, and had
never seen a sole while I took the opportunity to do some nude sunbathing.
It was private.

Before getting out of my car, I went through in my mind my plan for
the afternoon while finishing one of the bottles of water I had brought
along. I knew it would be a while before I got another chance to drink
again, so I wanted to make sure I was well topped up. I climbed out and
gathered up the plastic bag that held all the toys I was planning to use.
In the car I left two of the many keys I would be needing this afternoon.
I started walking toward my first stop, a point in the park as far away
from the stream as possible. All I was wearing at this point was an oversized
T-shirt. I wondered as I walked whether any of the guys playing touch
football in the big open area surrounding the car park guessed that I was
practically naked in front of them. I knew I got a few appreciative
looks from a few of them and my nipples grew hard at the attention. I love
it when guys look at me.

Into the woods I went and followed one of the trails a little way to
a seldom used dead end. There I hid under a bush the key to my car, which
I had locked behind me. Back along the trails and out into the open I crossed
the open grassland once more, before entering the woods along the other
side, following trails until I reached the stream. The trail crossed
the stream and continued on, but instead I looked around and, stepping
into the water, waded upstream. The stream was shallow, and fast moving,
the water while not warm was not cool either. It felt good on my bare feet.
Eventually, I reached the point where I wanted to get out, and stepped
carefully through the brush until I reached a small clearing I had used
before for sunbathing in.

Taking another quick look around, I slipped off my T-shirt and began
to rip it to shreds. I did this quickly, for I knew that as long as the
shirt was available I would be able to back out. Now that it was
shredded I had least had the problem of getting back to my car nude.
I also emptied and shredded the plastic bag so I couldn't use that either.
I felt really good. The clearing was full of sunlight and I could
feel the heat beginning to make me sweat. I spent a moment dancing nude
about the glade, caressing my breasts and rubbing between my legs, enjoying
the freedom.

Then I got down to work.

The first thing I did was spray my entire body down with bug repellent.
Already I was being besieged with winged life, and while I knew the spray
wouldn't keep everything off me it would at least keep it down to a comfortable
level. Then I sorted out my assorted chains and put on my harness gag.
I had bought it on a visit to New York a year before and had gotten quite
a lot of use out of it in that time. Instead of the usual ball gag
this one was fitted with a ring gag, although a ball gag could be added
easily with the addition of a snap on strap. I had used it both ways in
the past, but this time I kept it as a ring gag, and soon began drooling
down my front. This was locked on with a small padlock, the key of which
was in my car.

I quickly set up the means of my release, which I will get to in a moment
and then began putting on the rest of my restraints. A wide leather
belt went around my waist, locked on of course, as were the leather cuffs
that went on my wrists and ankles. The keys for these were at home.
Between my ankles was a wooden hobble that closed around my ankle cuffs
like a set of stocks, keeping my legs about 18 inches apart. This was locked
with one lock, the key to which was in my car. I walked around
for a moment. To make sure I could. The waddle I was forced to adopt meant
I could not go fast and the spread of my legs made me feel quite vulnerable.
I loved it.

I next attached two chains, one to each ankle. These thin, strong chains
I threaded through rings on each side of my belt so that they ran up the
outside of each leg. The chains were just long enough to poke through the
rings. Kneeling down I pulled some more of the chains through the
rings for slack and attached my wrist cuffs, one to each. Then I
carefully stood up. As my legs straightened, the chains pulled back through
the rings at my sides, so that my hands were pulled and trapped. As long
as I was standing I could not use my hands. To use them I had to kneel
so I could pull out some slack. I have used this a lot at home and
have enjoyed the "on again, off again" access it gives my hands immensely.
The keys for this were of course at home.

Now came the tricky part. I had hung from a branch overhead a rope,
carefully measured, on the end of which hung a key and a sock with some
ice in it. Quite a bit of ice actually. I stuffed it with eight ice cubes
I had brought in a thermos. The rope however did not hang straight
down. It was attached at the key end to another rope that I had wrapped
around a tree behind where I planned on spending the afternoon. It
was attached by means of a 1" metal ring that the sock, filled with ice,
had been threaded through before being tied to the key end of the rope.
The ice prevented the sock from being pulled through the ring. I
knew that once the ice melted the sock would easily fall through and the
key would swing down within reach. I had used this method of release
many, many times and it always worked.

Almost done, I knelt down in my chosen spot, and clipped a nipple clamp
to each of my nipples, shuddering with pleasure at the sharp pain. The
clamps were tight for I did not want them pulling off. They were attached
to each other with a short chain which in turn was attached to a cord that
I tied around a root directly between my legs. Now I was unable to stand.
The last thing to do, I did quickly while I still had the nerve.
I picked up the last lock, and, reaching behind me with both hands, I carefully
locked my wrists together. This lock was opened by the key attached
to the rope.

So there I was, sweating in the heat. The sun warm on my skin. The insects
buzzing around. Drool falling from my mouth on top of my breasts. Unable
to stand, unable to close my mouth, unable to swat the bugs that did land
on me. I was very much unable to take advantage of the increasing wetness
between my open legs. It was intensely frustrating and yet wonderful!

I had no real idea how long I would be forced to wait for my freedom.
At home eight ice cubes would keep me trapped for hours, but in this heat
I expected the ice to melt a lot faster. I figured it would be at least
a couple of hours. I tried to make the best of it, shifting my weight every
once and a while. But every time I pulled up a little a hard tug at my
nipples would remind me of how little movement I had. I could lean forward
to release the tension, which helped somewhat. I knelt there I beginning
to make plans on how to improve my bondage next time I tried this.

Every so often I would have to shake my head to discourage the bugs
that were trying to land on my face. Some of the braver ones were even
trying to enter my open mouth, which I could really not do much about.
The worst/best thing about the bugs were the ants. The bug spray
did little to deter them and after a while hardly a moment went by when
I didn't have one or two on me. One place they crossed often, due
to the lack of spray there, was my pussy lips. Spread open by the position
of my legs, the feeling of all those little feet running up and down my
labia and across my clitoris was exquisite. It made me horny as hell
and I was totally unable to reach around and do anything about it. I was
just reaching the point when I began to moan in frustration, when I heard
voices farther down the stream.

I quickly stifled my moans, and my panic level rose quickly. It
was men's voices I heard. A couple of guys by the sound of it. I
could hear them sloshing through the water and laughing about something.
I pulled and tugged at my bonds, but was unable to create any slack in
their well-made designs. Raising myself up to stand only rewarded me with
a strong, painful tug on my already tortured nipples. I was not going
anywhere. I was not even changing position. My only chance was that
I would be hidden by the bushes and trees between me and the stream. With
the sun shining full on me I felt like I was under a spot light.

I tried to keep as still as I could. It was difficult with the bugs
trying to crawl into my mouth and the ants seeming to hold a convention
on my clit. I could feel small shudders as my orgasm from the stimulation
of their feet began to build, indeed had been building for sometime.
I tried to think neutral thoughts. A flash of color through the trees,
and the guys passed by. I almost collapsed in relief until I realized
that they would have to pass by again on their way back. There was no way
out of the stream farther down, the brush making it impenetrable.
I wondered what they were doing down here, then I remembered that the flash
of color I saw resembled a shirt one of the football players in the park
was wearing. I hoped those guys weren't looking for me, but I suspected
they were. Maybe they did notice I wasn't wearing anything under my shirt
when I passed them by?

I didn't have long to wait for them to come back, and I held my breath
as they got close. To have them find me here, like this, might be
too much for me to handle. I was too helpless, too open. I was lucky.
They passed by again without seeing me. I waited as long as I could before
giving into to the orgasm that had been building and building for what
seemed like hours. When I was done I almost laughed at the thought
that I had been pretty much fucked by nothing more than ants. I guess size
really doesn't matter!

I felt the thump against my back of the key rope being released.
By then the sun was a lot lower in the sky, and I had orgasmed a couple
more times. I was tired, cramped, and thirsty. My hair had
stuck to my face from all the shaking about I had done, and my nipples
were like two little fireballs attached to my chest. I almost didn't
get the lock that held my hands together undone, so stiff I was, but at
last I was able to reach around and release the clamps that held me down.
The feeling in my nipples returned in a rush and I just knelt with my hands
massaging my breasts for a few minutes until the pain died away to a dull
throb. Then I rubbed the tender flesh between my legs and gave myself
one more orgasm for the road. I still had a long way to go though.

I stood up, my hands getting drawn to my sides, and surveyed myself.
I was covered in sweat, the debris of tiny bugs and dirt stuck to my skin.
Bug bites made themselves known to me again as movement returned to my
limbs. My mouth was very dry from being open all this time, although the
ache in my jaw was a familiar feeling to me. I spend more time at home
gagged than I do ungagged I love it so much. My first thought was water
though. All I had was in the car, but getting to it would take some time
so that only left the stream. I wasn't too keen on drinking a lot
of water from the stream. Like many city people I wasn't too sure about
how clean it was. But at the very least it would do to take the edge off
my thirst.

I stumbled through the brush toward the water, my arms useless at my
sides. This meant that I had to use my body to push aside the leaves and
branches that blocked my way. This deposited even more gunk on my sweaty
body and the whipping of the branches swinging back behind me made me feel
like I was walking through an S&M bar. One especially stiff sapling
caught me right across the ass making me yelp out in pain. I hoped
that those guys were no where near as I stepped into the water. It had
been a long time since I saw them so I doubted they were still around.
I knelt down, the water feeling good over my legs and sex and leaned forward
to drink. I could now use my hands to scoop water into my ring gagged
mouth and I almost took a bath where I sat the water felt so good.

Once done I forced my way back to my glade, and kneeling again gave
myself another coating of bug spray to replace what I had sweated and washed
off. I planned on leaving everything here to be collected later, so I made
my way empty handed back to the stream and cautiously toward the park.
Now I knew I would probably be released before the sun went down and that
people would probably still be about. I hoped that the lateness of the
hour would thin out the crowd somewhat. If I was careful I would be able
to make my way to my car key and then to my car without being seen.

One look at the car park which was visible from the edge of the tree
line dashed my hopes of reaching my car anytime soon. The football
guys were still there, having a party of some kind. I could see and hear
that they had been joined by some of their girlfriends and that they were
having a cookout of sorts. There were very few cars left in the lot
however, and I thought that at the very least I might make it to my car
key without being spotted. It would mean that rather than a relatively
short waddle across open grass I would have to sneak around following the
trails that circled the park. I debated whether should just go back
to my clearing and wait them out, but decided that stumbling around in
the dark might be dangerous and might prevent me from finding my key at
all. So away I went, very slowly.

Barefoot from the neck down, my legs held apart by a set of 18 inch
stocks. My hands held at my sides and my mouth held wide open by a metal
ring attached to my head with straps. Wasn't I a sight? Not something you
would want to bump into. But then, dear reader, knowing the kind of stories
you like to read I bet you would like to have bumped into me on that woodland
trail! It was slow going. The park was forced by the river to bend back
on itself a lot, so the trail I had to take was the better part of a mile
long. Through it all I had to keep an ear cocked for anyone coming, and
eyes open for places I could hide if someone did. It didn't take
me long to realize how bad my situation was as far as hiding was concerned.
I couldn't move fast enough to get out of sight if someone did suddenly
put in an appearance.

Many times I thought I heard something and took evasive action behind
a tree or bush. I was slowed further by the hobble. Many times the
trail narrowed to a point where I had to maneuver sideways using my feet
rather than my legs for locomotion. I fell down a couple of times.
Not being able to use my hands to catch myself I quickly learned to roll
to one side so I could land on one shoulder. Very soon I was again covered
in dirt and leaves and this made me even more attractive to the bugs as
I slowly sweated off the bug spray I had reapplied earlier. They
buzzed around me landing everywhere making me jump and fidget. But I was
lucky. I was never seen. I made it the whole way around the park without
being spotted, although I took so long the sun had really dropped in the
sky.

I found my key where I had left it, and shoved my way behind some bushes
where I could rest for a while before seeing if I could get to my car.
Thirsty didn't begin to describe my condition. The rumble in my stomach
told me I had better get something to eat soon too. But From where I sat
I could hear the party the football players were having so I knew my car
wasn't yet free. I lay flat on my back and stared up at the canopy above
me, listening to them play. I wondered how long it would be before I would
be able to make a break for my car. It seemed only moments
later that it was a lot darker, and I realized that I must have dropped
off to sleep. My tongue felt like something was nesting on it and
as I sat up I tried spitting out whatever insects had invaded my open mouth.

That was when I realized what had woken me. Someone was arguing,
and it was a big argument. Taking advantage of the darkness I got up and
slowly waddled through the bushes. Back on to the trail, I following it
to the edge of the open grass. From just inside the tree line I could see
in the fading light that the football players had been joined by two more
cars filled with kids in leather jackets. The two groups were arguing about
who had a right to be there and the football players looked like they were
packing up to go. Was one group going to replace the other?

I had hoped that once the football players left I would have the park
to myself long enough to get to my car. It seemed that I wasn't going to
get my wish though. I watched with a sinking heart the last of the football
players drive off leaving the leather guys behind. A smaller group,
they made up for their size in the amount of noise they made and I could
see that most of them were drinking. I found a place next to the trail
where I could kneel and watch them, and as total darkness came I wondered
when I would ever get home. Then tragedy struck.

The only car left in the lot apart from theirs was mine, and this attracted
the attention of a couple of them. They walked around it a few times,
checking the doors, and looking around as if to see if its owner was about.
Then one of them stood by the driver's door and started working with something
in his hand. In a moment he had the door open and I held my breath. I hoped
they weren't planning on stealing the car, but they just rummaged through
it and closed the door again. Then one of them produced a knife and I could
hear the pop of each tire as he slashed each one. I started to cry as I
heard them laugh about it and was feeling pretty bad when the police car
drew up. The cop got out and started talking to them, and I could hear
his clear voice telling them the park was closed after dark and that they
had to leave.

While these guys had been loud in front of the football players, they
were meek in front of the cop, and before long they got back into their
cars and pulled out. The cop waited until they were gone before walking
over to my car and looking at it with a flashlight. Then he started
shining it at the trees, looking for its owner. I almost stood up, wanting
to get his help in getting out of my bondage, but something inside me wouldn't
let me show myself in this condition, so I hunkered down and he didn't
see me. His last act was to take down my license plate and write me a ticket,
before driving away himself.

At last I was alone.

Feeling very stiff, I wasted no time in waddling out to my car. I felt
very vulnerable out in the open, naked as I was, and I hopped that those
guys weren't planning on coming back once the cop left. The driver's door
was still unlocked and I sat and drew my legs up so I could reach the ashtray
where I left the keys. They were still there. I first unlocked the hobble,
the ability to close my legs very welcome, then I unlocked and took off
my gag. Wow that felt good, being able to close my mouth after so long
seemed like heaven. I spat out every little piece of grit that had accumulated
and reached for my water. It wasn't there.

Nothing else was missing because there had been nothing else left in
the car to steal. I had cleaned it out so that I couldn't use anything
to cover myself during my nude drive home. I got out and in the dim light
took a look at my tires. Sure enough they were all flat, but I figured
flat or not I would have to drive on them to get home. At least it was
only a couple of miles into town and then a short drive through it. Climbing
back into the drivers seat I scooted it forward so I would have enough
slack in the chains attached to my wrists to drive, but when I tried to
stick the key into the ignition I found I had a problem. Something had
been jammed into the ignition switch and broken off. I could not get the
car started and that meant I could not get it home. I did cry, long and
hard. The weight of the day came crashing down on me and it was no longer
fun. How the hell was I supposed to get home, nude and chained hand and
foot.

After a bit I climbed out of the car, my hands once more getting drawn
to my sides, and looked toward the entrance of the park. It was a good
thing I did for I saw two cars slow down to take the turn into the gate.
The leather jackets were coming back. I ran back to the tree line, thankful
that now I could and hid before they got to close. As they continued their
party I thought long and hard about what my options were. I had to
face the fact that they were limited. I could show myself to these guys
in the hope that they would take me home, but I really had no illusions
what they would really do with a helpless naked woman if they found one.
I had to suppress a shudder. Or I could sneak out of the park and attempt
to make my way home as I was. Something that didn't appeal to me
either. Yet it felt like the safer of the two options, so away I slunk.

I followed the trails toward the gate, moving easier now that I wasn't
hobbled. I didn't feel very comfortable though. My stomach was yelling
for food and water, my feet hurt and with the sun going down the air was
cooling quickly. I did reach the gate without a problem though, and with
a last look back toward my car, slipped through the gate and out onto the
open road. The road that passed the park was a lightly traveled one that
was bordered on both sides with deep ditches. If I kept my eyes open
I wouldn't have any problem hiding from the occasional car that passed
by. I was more worried about what would happen when I reached town. There
the street was well lit, the traffic heavier and the cover more scarce.
If I didn't want to be seen, I would have to be very careful indeed. So
I walked. Arms held at my sides, unable to cover myself without first kneeling
or sitting down on the ground. At home I enjoyed the submissive nature
of being bound this way, having to place myself in a submissive position
to be able to do anything with my hands. It always excited me sexually.

Now my hands strained to hide my charms whenever I heard a noise and
when I saw lights approaching I would quickly scurry into a ditch and lie
flat on my front in the hopes that I wouldn't be seen. Approaching town
I had to slow down and take a good look before going on. The road
I had been following had up to now been in darkness, but street lights
lit it up from this point on. I could no longer walk normally. I would
have to pick my cover and rush from spot to spot. At least it wasn't residential. This part of town was scattered
with small shops and factories. If I got off the road and stuck close to
the buildings I could move from one to the next without being seen from
the road.

So that's what I did. Running cross parking lots, dashing from
hiding place to hiding place. I ever so slowly made my way closer and closer
to my home. Eventually I ran out of buildings to hide behind and
I took to hiding in peoples yards as houses made their appearance. I was
almost spotted a number of times and one time was pinned under the bright
light of an oncoming car as I crossed a road. I heard a yell and
dashed between a couple of houses and hid behind someone's shed for a while,
while my heart slowed down from the fright. I was amazed to find out I
was getting turned on by this and after a while, in some perverse way I
began to enjoy it. But all good things come to an end. I eventually made
it back to my home, many hours after I left the park, without being caught,
and using a spare key I got inside.

After I got my chains off I climbed into the tub and filled it with
me in it, not wanting to move again. Then after the hot water eased my
pains I climbed out and raided the kitchen for food and drink before falling
into a deep sleep.

The next morning I woke late and hurriedly dressed for work. Since I
had no car I had to call for a cab. When it came I told the driver where
I wanted to go and was rewarded with a strange look. As we drove The driver
kept glancing at me but didn't say anything. I wondered if my make up had
smeared or something to warrant such attention. As I came into the office
instead of the usual greetings I felt people staring at me, but put it
down to my being so late. It wasn't until I got to my desk that I saw why
I was such an object of curiosity.

Spread out on the desk was a newspaper
with a color photo of a naked woman (tastefully blurry in the right spots)
running across a parking lot under a bright light. The picture was very
detailed, and there was no problem at all making out the face of the woman.
It was me. My heart stopped. I felt drained of blood. I looked up
at my coworkers who were all watching me. In the break room, which
I could see into from where I was standing I could see that the TV was
on and our local morning show was on. The anchors were joking about
how several businesses in the north part of town had captured something
interesting on their security cameras over night. Identification of the
woman was being withheld until police contacted her.

The last thing I saw before I fainted was my boss, policeman in tow,
making his way to my desk.
