---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Passing the Baton 2
authors:
- Lobo De La Sombra
tags:
- M/ff
- transform
- lovedolls
- cond
- reversal
- sex
- climax
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2006-08-26 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Passing the Baton**](passing_baton.html))

**Part Two**

William Clayton entered the
room carrying a smallish wooden box, which he placed on a table, then opened. Inside, cushioned by velvet, was a set of rings. William selected a ring with a golden stone. Placing the ring on his finger, he closed the box and turned.

In the center of the room,
strapped firmly to a wheelchair, was an auburn haired doll. Just less than a
year earlier, the doll had been Jessica Monroe. Jessica had used new technology to turn women into inflated love dolls. Her career had ended only when William, using even newer technology, had
transformed her into a solid love doll. Now
he prepared to make her human again.

William raised his hand and
aimed the ring at the doll. A golden
aura enveloped the figure. In the
glow, the slight shininess of the skin faded as synthetic materials were
transformed into living flesh. The
doll's green eyes deepened, life beginning to flicker within their depths. As the glow faded, a naked woman sat strapped in the chair.

For long moments, the only
sign of life was the slow rise and fall of full breasts as the woman drew her
first breaths in almost a year. Then
the limbs began to twitch, tugging uselessly at the straps imprisoning them. The mouth worked silently. Then,
slowly, sound emerged.

"H-how, how long?"

"Almost a year," William
replied.

"A year?" As she spoke, Jessica's voice became stronger, steadier. "So long? Why did you
change me back?"

"Aren't you glad to be
human again?"

Jessica frowned. "I'm not sure. I'd
learned to be happy as I was. I'm
not sure if I know how to be human any more."

William stepped behind the
chair, grasping the handles. "You
will. You must." Saying nothing further, he wheeled the chair into the next room.

Jessica gasped. Seated on a chair in the center of the room was a nude, blonde haired
doll with a face she recognized.

"Julie?" Julie Simpson had been Jessica's lover before she'd been transformed. "What did you do to her?"

"More than I can repair,
I'm afraid," William replied. "She
was transformed shortly after you. When
I saw you, I wanted a doll of my own. I
changed her back after about two months, but the damage was already done. She wasn't as strong as you, Jessica. Her mind was gone. Even in a
human body, she was still a sex doll. Her
only thought or desire was for sex. And
she was insatiable."

"So you changed her back
into a doll," Jessica stated.

"Yes and no. By then, my work on transformation had progressed enough to give her a
chance at regaining a normal life."

Turning, he faced the chair. "Julie, rise." Jessica's
eyes widened as the doll rose, standing silently before the chair.

"I gave her back her
doll's body," William explained, "but left her animate. I also reduced her physical sensitivity. In this body, she has the sexual drive of any normal woman."

"Why have you done this to
her," Jessica demanded.

"So I can teach her. When she became human again, she had no mind, no personality, only sexual
instinct. In this body, I can
control the sex drive and help her learn to be human again."

Turning, William addressed
the doll. "Julie, study." Without a word, the doll sank back into the chair, picked up a book, and
began to read.

"I also have her perform
tasks," William explained. "As
she learns, the tasks become more complex in nature. She is slowly learning to think and feel in a human manner. When she's ready, I'll restore her to her human body, and she can go
on with her life."

"And what about me?"
Jessica asked.

"That's another
matter," William said, moving to unstrap Jessica from the chair. "Your mind was stronger, so you won't have to go through the
training."

Now free, Jessica rose. "Then if you don't mind, I'll find some clothes and be on my
way." She turned, but only managed
a few steps before she heard William say her name in reverse.

"Monroe. Ann. Jessica."

At the sound of her name
spoken backwards, Jessica froze. Familiar
sensations washed over her, and she realized she had once more become a love
doll. Standing helplessly, she
listened with growing dread as her situation was explained to her.

"You, dear Jessica, are
neither doll nor human. Actually,
you're both. In a human body,
you're just like any other woman. But
whenever you hear the trigger words, you transform back into a doll. I used that combination of words because I doubt you'll hear them in
that order in public. So only you
and I know the secret of transforming you. Isn't
that nice, Jessica Ann Monroe?"

At the sound of her name
pronounced in proper order, Jessica returned to human. Turning, she gazed on William, her eyes wide with the horror of her
situation.

"You monster," she
screamed. "How could you do this
to me?"

William smiled. "It took some doing, I'll admit. Strangely enough, the human and doll conditions are mutually
incompatible. I had to do some fancy
juggling to mix the two."

"But why?"

William smiled, then spoke
the trigger words, changing Jessica back into a doll. Lifting her, he carried her to his bedroom and lay her on the bed. Jessica could only stare upwards at the ceiling, until her view was
blocked by William's naked form. He
entered her, and she was overwhelmed, as always, by the strength of the
sensations that exploded through her. Unable
to physically or vocally express the pleasure filling her, somehow, made the
feeling even more intense. She could
almost feel the pores in the skin of William's cock as he thrust into her,
felt him thicken with the approach of his orgasm. Suddenly he withdrew, staring into her frozen eyes.

"Jessica Ann Monroe," he
gasped, then slammed into her now human pussy. With the sudden change, an orgasm thundered through Jessica's body. Never in her life had she cum so hard and so long. It was as if all the denied orgasms of the past year now possessed her,
overwhelming her senses with feelings she could never hope to control. It was all too much. Devastated
by the sensations, Jessica's world went dark.

Jessica woke to find herself
still lying on the bed, still in human form. She looked for William, but did not see him in the room. Rising, she rummaged through the closet for a robe to wear, then left the
room.

She found William in the
main room with Julie. The animated
doll sat before a computer. Under
William's guidance, she was surfing the net, scanning sites dedicated to human
behavior. Jessica watched for
several minutes, then stepped forward.

"Do you think all that
will help?"

"I don't know,"
William admitted. "But I have to
try. I destroyed her. I'm the one who has to at least try to put her back together
somehow."

"And me?"

"You will stay here and
help with Julie. Once she's
recovered, or we know she's beyond saving, I'll make you completely human
again."

"So the transformation is
just a way to keep me here? I loved
Julie. I'd help her with or
without you."

"So you want to be
completely human now?"

Jessica thought back to what
had just happened. "On second
thought, let's keep things just the way they are for now."

"Are you sure?"

Jessica smiled. "Monroe. Ann. Jessica."
