---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Factory
authors:
- Tr_veller
tags:
- Solo-F
- machine-f
- FM-f
- prepared
- process
- bond
- latex
- corset
- rubberdoll
- packaged
- crate
- reluct
- X
date: 2003-09-28 00:00:00
---

Lisa stood in the darkest corner she could find, looking across the
alleyway at the factory doors shut tightly in front of her. It was an excellent
job she had landed with the private investigation company she now worked
for and she was very happy to get it. Her boss Mrs Bond had seemed very
impressed with her even though she had limited experience of this line
of work, only working in a local paper for a short year while studying
for her degree. "Hardly a hot bed of intrigue and danger." She thought
at the time, but it looked like it was just the sort of thing her new employer
was looking for.

After being asked to sort out the paper work, chase up some late payments
and do the usual donkey work a new starter had to; here she was. Sitting
in the alleyway late at night "more like early in the morning now" she
thought to herself, on her first 'proper' assignment. "I have been employed
by a local contact, who wishes to remain anonymous." Said Mrs Bond in her
usual clipped and formal fashion, "The party in question is concerned
about late night activities occurring at a nearby factory, and wishes them
to be investigated forthwith."

"You will observe the factory in question and attempt to gather as much
information as possible. Do I make myself clear?" said the investigator.
"Yes, I understand" replied Lisa, thinking to herself that she felt like
saying "Yes, miss." Just like when she was at school again! "Well" thought
Lisa, "I'm hardly getting much information out here!" All she has
witnessed so far was a steady stream of lorries passing to and fro. Only
1 an hour on average and the lorries weren't even that big, so there can't
be much going on in there. "Still," thought Lisa, "I'm being paid to find
out, and the money's good, so I better try and get a peak inside."

Feeling glad she has chosen to wear the usual shapeless black sweats
that she habitually wore around the house, she made her way across the
alleyway. Keeping close to the wall, her lithe figure, hidden under the
baggy black clothes made short work of the distance from the entrance of
the alley where she had hidden; to the rear. Here she had seen a
hidden entrance, and she ran to it, her long hair tied in ponytail slapping
gently on her back as she ran. Listening at the door she could hear no
nearby movement and thought it safe to try the handle. Surprised
she found it unlocked and almost fell into the factory beyond!

"What the hell! Don't they have security around here?" She asked herself,
glad of the lucky break though. "At least it's not breaking and entering
if I get caught" she thought. Gathering her wits about she looked around
carefully and realised that she had stepped onto the factory floor itself,
but at the back, behind some large packing crates. She almost had
to cover her ears because of the noise of the place, amazed at how loud
it was, when there was no noise to be heard outside. Making a quick
note in her notepad about the obvious soundproofing in the place, she moved
on past the packing crates to get a better look at the factory she had
snuck into.

"Oh my God! They're people!" she screamed looking out on to production
line for the first time. To her amazed gaze it appeared to be a line of
standing people spaced a long distance apart moving on a conveyor belt!
Realising that a) she had screamed and b) she was now hiding behind another
crate; Lisa looked more closely at the 'people' she could see. Taking
her time now, she realised that the 'people' weren't moving at all, but
appeared to be mannequins, and the production line just some automated
packing device. "Well is that all this is?" Lisa thought to herself in
disgust. "My first assignment, and all it is, is some late night clothes-store
doll factory!"

Considering her options, Lisa realised that her 'school mistress' employer
wouldn't accept her report of her actions to now; and she would have to
find out some more about this place before she left. "Maybe they'll turn
out to be stolen" Lisa thought, "and this place is repackaging them for
dodgy shops" So thinking, she moved closer to the production line, her
curiosity growing as she realised that these dolls were not all they appeared
to be at first (or in her case, second) glance. Noticing that all
the 'dolls' appeared to clothed in a variety of outfits, all made from
some form of black material. Reaching the conveyor belt itself, Lisa
carefully looked around and could see no one at all.

"This is weird. Is the whole place completely automated?" she wondered
"and what the hell are these manne, mane, DOLLS wearing?" Looking
closely at the first doll to come past Lisa was amazed to see that it was
completely dressed in skin tight Latex! "My God, what kind of kinky
place is this?" she said to herself. Lisa had seen Latex clothes
before, in those kinky clothes shops you see and sometimes saw a girl wearing
a mini-dress or a short skirt made from the material at a student party.
She'd always thought her slim figure would suit the skin-tight material,
but had always been too scared to try any on. Too scared and also
a little repulsed at the thought of the tight, clinging material fitting
itself to her natural curves.

Putting aside these thoughts, Lisa took her first close look at the
rubber dressed doll and saw it was wearing a black rubber mini-skirt with
a shockingly tight thick rubber corset, shoulder length opera gloves and
perched on thigh-length, skin tight boots, with an amazingly high 5" heel
on them! The doll itself had on some dark and heavy make up, with a black
bob wig, the overall effect strikingly sexual and challenging at the same
time. "God, how does it stand up? And how do they make a doll to fit in
those clothes?" she asked herself. It was then she realised that
it wasn't only the clothes that were made from rubber... the doll itself
appeared to be made from flesh tone rubber!!

As it moved slowly past her, Lisa still stunned at these revelations,
realised that the doll was not free standing but was held onto the conveyor
by clamps around its' calves. These were fixed firmly onto the metal based
belt itself, with a thick metal rod running up the back to a neck brace
holding the doll erect. Lisa also noticed some smaller rods running
off the main one at intervals up its' full length but could not fathom
a use for them.

At this point Lisa saw the doll moving into a covered area and was amazed
to see cutting blades coming out of the walls of the box and efficiently
remove all the clothing from the doll. Cutting very rapidly into
the garments, peeling away all the layers that covered the doll, the skirt,
the corset, the panties hidden underneath, even the boots without apparently
cutting the doll itself. It was at this point that Lisa saw a use
for at least some of the rods. Two thick shafts levered up under the dolls
armpits, and raised it off the ground, the calf clamps being released just
as the doll was lifted and the boots cut away from the legs. Lowering
the now completely 'naked' doll the calf clamps were quickly reattached
and the doll, still erect moved on; while more arms came out of the box
and swept the discarded clothing to one side. Leaning further forward,
Lisa could see the doll entering a shower area, supposedly to clean it
before being packed. She could see no more, as at this point another
doll came past, almost knocking her onto the metal conveyor belt herself!

Seeing that she could see no more of the 'production' line from where
she was, and assuming that it simply packed the 'naked' dolls away; Lisa
decided to investigate further back to try and discover where the dolls
came from. Before she moved back though, she realised she could look at
the discarded clothing and went over to the waste bin and looked in.
The bin was, unsurprisingly, full of rubber wear, and cut into strips.
Some of the items though were still relatively intact, and Lisa took some
out, curious at the sensation of them and quickly shocked at what she now
realised she was holding! The panties she saw removed earlier had
a huge rubber dildo and a butt plug built into them!

"What kind of sick perverts are running this show?" Lisa thought, still
holding the partially destroyed panties in her hands. Turning them
over and over, she realised that the thought of wearing these herself didn't
just repulse her, it started to turn her on... "What am I thinking?
I couldn't wear something like these! Could I?" Thinking that she
would need some form of 'evidence' Lisa decided to keep the panties and
maybe show them to her boss to demonstrate what kind of people ran this
'factory'. Packing them into her handbag she quickly moved on, stopping
herself from thinking about what she really wanted to do with them.

Moving up the conveyor belt, past a line of dolls all wearing a bizarre
mixture of apparel: nuns, babies, nurses, maids and schoolgirls; all wearing
rubber and all heavily made up and ready to be stripped by the knives.
Getting to the end of the belt, still not seeing anyone else on the factory
floor Lisa saw where the dolls came into the factory - through a hatch
on the far side of the belt. She saw them lowered by a small crane mechanism
onto the conveyor, and quickly clamped on, with the metal rod telescoping
out of the metal plate the doll now stood on and fixing itself around the
neck of the immobile doll.

Hopping over the conveyor, Lisa tried to get a closer look at the entry
hatch but couldn't see in properly, being too short to see over the bottom
of the hatch. Quickly deciding to jump onto the conveyor to give
herself that extra height to look in, she dropped her handbag on the floor
and did just that. Realising that she was moving away from the entrance
slowly behind the previous doll, she kept her place in front of the hatch
by moving opposite to the conveyor. Just as another doll came out she was
about able to see inside and so intent on discovering as much information
as she could ("You will observe the factory in question and attempt to
gather as much information as possible. Do I make myself clear?" She could
hear the words ringing in her mind) she did not realise that she was walking
on to the plate that the next doll would stand on.

Just as the doll arrived above her, she realised her mistake and tried
to jump out the way. Just as she tried the doll dropped onto her and caused
her to lose her balance! Before her shocked eyes, two clamps shot
out of the plate and one of them clamped itself to her own calf! Staggering
off balance, her left leg fixed to the belt, she put her right foot down
directly onto where the other clamp was just opening again, it quickly
snapped shut around her mid-calf effectively immobilising her on the conveyor
belt. "Christ Almighty! What the hell is happening?!" She screamed.
"I'm no frigging doll! Let me go, you stupid machine!"

Lisa quickly leant forward to wrestle with the clamps just as the doll
destined for this position fell off the belt and landed on the floor just
where she wanted to be right now! As she futilely tugged at the firmly
attached clamps Lisa wasn't aware of the thick metal rod telescoping up
behind her, the neck loop at the top lying open and ready, so intent on
escaping this ridiculous prison. "Let me go! Let me go! Goddamn' you! Will
you let me go!" She pounded at the clamps on her legs each fixed
by two short lengths of metal to the floor. She couldn't so much as move
an inch, and she had to soon! She didn't relish the possibility of
facing those knives just ahead!

Standing upright to relieve the pain in her back, Lisa made her second
mistake of the night and found this out just as the clamp fixed itself
about her neck. Almost choking in shock, Lisa realised that she was now
completely immobile only able to move her arms. Feeling the clamp,
she found that it had attached itself high on her neck; above the collar
line of her sweat top and so high it forced her to stare straight ahead,
only able to move her head from side to side. Even that she soon
discovered hurt like hell as the collar dug into her neck whenever she
moved her head. "Well, this is a hell of a turn up for the books!" She
said to herself, "I really had better get some help now. Breaking in or
not, I'm not going to end up naked in this place!"

"HELP! Someone HELP!!" Hey!! Is there anyone there?!? Get me off this
thing and quick!" Shouting for all she was worth, Lisa came to the
sinking realisation that even if there was someone in here, they wouldn't
be able to hear her for all the racket the machines were making!
Looking just ahead of herself, Lisa saw the doll in front moving into the
first box she saw earlier, the one with the knives in. Just as before,
she saw the knives quickly divest the doll of all its' clothes, this time
a full-length catsuit, just as easily as all the ones before. Only
this time, the next 'doll' was her and the clothes were her own!

"Nooooooo!!" she screamed as loud as she could, hoping against all hope
that someone would hear her and stop this happening to her. It was no good,
inexorably she moved into the first box, the knives coming out and cutting
into her clothes. The sound of her sweats being ripped from her and
the terror of the knives brushing against her skin paralysed her in shock.
She stood completely immobile as the knives ran a blunt edge against her
legs and hips, cutting her panties from her, another running up her (thankfully)
flat stomach and between her pert breasts, cutting her bra from her and
continuing up. Now it cut into the cheap gold necklace she wore; it was
a present from her ex-boyfriend, and she wasn't truly sorry to see it go.
Looking down she saw that the two rings she wore on her fingers had been
removed. The tug at her head showed that the hair band that she tied her
long hair back with was pulled out, her long auburn locks tumbling down
her back - ironically the only part of her now free.

Being scared out her wits by the close brush with death (as she saw
it), she barely felt the two rods lifting her off the belt; and the two
clamps on her legs being released while her running shoes and socks were
also cut from her immobile body. Just as her feet touched the cold metal
plate, the shock of contact woke her from her terror, but too late as the
clamps again encircled her calves and she was once again trapped on the
conveyor. Only now, she was naked; and her beautiful, slim and athletic
figure. The figure that she had been so proud of, the one that even her
female employer had openly admired when they first met, was exposed for
all to see and she could do nothing about it!

Looking around in this new area for the first time, Lisa realised that
there were still no people around anywhere. "It really must be completely
automated," she thought, "but why?" Moving on, Lisa now approached
the shower box she had glimpsed earlier. "Oh, well" she thought, "it can't
be any worse than those knives." Shuddering at the memory of the
knives, Lisa braced herself for a shower in the water. As it hit her legs
first, she felt an immediate tingling sensation on her skin as the chemicals
she was being sprayed with started to work on contact. Shocked by
this further revelation Lisa slammed her eyelids shut just as the spray
hit her face. For what seemed an age the chemical spray washed over her
body and sluiced off into the channels on either side, finally when it
stopped Lisa opened her eyes to a sight that almost reduced her to tears.

Her hair, her long and beautiful hair now lay in clumps on the floor,
the chemicals were a powerful cleaning agent! They washed all materials
off the doll's bodies and this included all the hair on them! She
now truly stood naked; her gleaming skull and smooth skin testament to
the effectiveness of the chemicals that prepared the dolls for the next
stage. Sobbing softly to herself, Lisa felt over her body and realised
that she really had lost all her hair. Her head was completely smooth,
even her eyebrows and eyelashes had been removed. Feeling further
down Lisa felt in front of her vagina and realised that she was bald there
as well! Every single hair, every piece of dirt no matter where had
been washed from her, and then the chemicals rinsed in a torrent of water,
leaving her clean, pure and smooth. "My God, what is all this in aid of?
What have they done to me? What is going to happen to me now?" She asked
to a noisy and uncaring factory.

Looking ahead she could see the first doll moving into another boxed
area, but unlike the earlier ones, this was not enclosed, but consisted
of an open cage, with a small crane moving above it. As she watched
Lisa was horrified to see a complete skull shaped helmet drop onto the
head of the doll in front. It stayed there for the entire time it took
the doll to pass through the cage, when it raised, Lisa could see no obvious
changes, but then she could only see it from the back. Too soon it was
her turn for the treatment, and as she looked on in horror, the helmet
was lowered over her head. Completely unable to move and stop it from happening,
she felt the helmet stop and lock onto the collar she wore. It very
quickly became apparent what the helmet was for as she felt soft implements
applying make-up to her face. A thick soft bar was pushed into her mouth
and her jaw held tightly fixed by its' base as foundation and blusher were
applied to her face, then a thick coating of lipstick to her lips.
Mascara and eye shadow followed, Lisa too scared of being stabbed by the
implements and blinded, didn't move a muscle and was quickly transformed
from clean faced woman into a beautifully made up doll, still completely
bald, but her face made to look more sensual than it had ever before!

Not aware of the transformation occurring to her, Lisa was only glad
to be able to see and breathe properly again. She wasn't able to see the
glistening trails on the top of her bald skull; but soon felt them though.
Just as she was about to leave this caged area a short bobbed wig was carefully
placed onto her skull by two robot arms and smoothed into place.
The glue on her head now becoming apparent as the wig slid smoothly into
place and fixed itself permanently to her head. Screaming in shock once
again, Lisa's hands shot to her head and tried to pull the wig from her,
but the impact adhesive had done its' job well and the wig was now as permanent
as her late lamented locks. "Please HELP ME!!!" she screamed again and
again "Stop this!! I'm not a doll! Please! I'm NOT a doll!! Don't do this
to me, please" she almost sobbed.

As she moved further down the conveyor she looked ahead and saw the
next stage of the transformation process - this time it was a very large
and completely enclosed box. One without that seemed to have no exit.
The site of this stopped Lisa shouting and she looked around again, desperate
for someone to help her. Just now she passed in front of a large
metal plate on the wall and was able to see herself for the first time...

She looked across and saw a smooth naked doll looking back at her; it's
beautifully made up face a picture of pure sexual power, the thick red
pouting lips inviting a man to kiss them. The incredibly dark and sensual
eyes making the face a mystery that had to be explored. The cheeks apparently
curved and shaped to make the whole seem so perfect. The short black bob
hairstyle with its' fringe giving the doll a sexual strength she had never
seen in a woman; but that woman, or rather that DOLL, was her!

As she watched, the doll reached up and touched its' face, running its'
fingers over the inhumanly beautiful features, then running its' fingers
through the short black hair. She stopped in shock and realised it was
her own hand reaching up and touching her own face, her own hair!
She looked at the doll's curves, so smooth with no hair anywhere, looking
at it poised and naked, she knew she had to escape and soon - this doll
she could see, it was no doll, it was her! "Please help me... please..."
she sobbed softly to herself and looked at the doll in the mirror looking
sadly back at her, it's striking features marred by the fear that showed
through.

Slowly, helplessly moving on, she entered the dark forbidding box and
felt herself moved off to one side of the belt, into a cubicle where she
stood waiting for what came next. She didn't have long to wait, soft pads
enveloped her body from the neck down and a soft flesh toned powder was
applied to her all over. Hearing stories of how to dress in tight
Latex she guessed what was to come next. She felt two rods raising her
arms and feeling defeated she let them be lifted. Looking to her left she
saw a long black latex glove being manoeuvred onto her hand by two robot
arms. She opened her fingers knowing it was useless to resist the
automated machine and saw the glove being pushed onto her hand, then rolled
up her arm, finishing just under her arm pit, her entire arm now coated
in this cold tight second skin. She looked to her right and saw that arm
similarly covered, and now both her arms were held horizontal as a thick
latex corset was wrapped around her waist.

The corset was truly a work of art, tightly boned and smooth as only
latex can be, no imperfections marred its' lines and the seams were non
existent. It suggested a figure woman can only dream of and the half cups
bust line only men could imagine! It almost appeared to be made from
a single sheet of triple thick latex. So perfect was it, that the edges
just seemed to flow into her skin as it was fitted to her and it fitted
her curves exactly. At least it fitted at first, because as she stood there
held immobile by the machine, she felt a thick thread being worked through
the hooks in the back of the corset. The robot arms following their programmed
course, tied her into the rubber prison of the corset and started to draw
it closed. Her arms now released she was still unable to stop what was
being done to her.

Realising what was about to happen no matter what she tried to do, Lisa
breathed in deeply and felt her waistline shrinking and at the same time
saw her bust apparently growing before her eyes.... Tighter and tighter
the corset was tied, the robot arms straining at the pressure of forcing
this new figure on her. Finally just as she thought she could take no more,
she felt and heard the click-click-click as the locks on the back were
fixed into place, locking her into this new body. Completely unable to
bend due to the thickness of her prison, Lisa looked over her new figure.
She now had an amazing 19" waistline and breasts that gave her the deepest
cleavage she could imagine, the nipples erect from the sheer pressure.
Lisa felt her rubber prison and was shocked to realise that she enjoyed
the sensation of the now warm and flowing skin she now wore. Looking
at it closely she saw that because of the pressure on her own body it simply
flowed from the latex into her, almost as if they were one and the same...

Her contemplation of the corset was soon interrupted by the next stage
of her transformation as she felt herself lifted from the floor and the
calf clamps being released. She could still not escape though, as robot
arms now held her legs in preparation for the rubber stockings complete
with rubber feet she could now see being rolled up her feet and onto her
legs. The stockings were shaped to enhance the curve of her already stunning
legs and she could feel them tightly clinging to every part of her legs
as they were applied, reaching all the way up to just below her crotch.
They were so tight they needed no support and clamped themselves to her
so completely she doubted she could ever remove them without the aid of
those knives!

Looking down again, her defeated attitude changed rapidly as she saw
what was being manoeuvred up her rubber clad legs towards her crotch!!
Panties just like she had seen before, with the huge rubber dildo and butt
plug fitted and now she was being made to accept them! "Argh, Christ! No!
Nooooo..... Oh God, Oh God...OH, Oh my GOD!" Lisa squirmed and screamed
as the dildo and butt plug was forced mercilessly into her by the unstoppable
robot arms! She couldn't believe the sensation of how it felt to
be forced to wear this thing and the way the intruders were pushed into
her, filling her so completely.

As she squirmed and the robot arms pulled the panties tight over her
pert buttocks and around her waist she felt an increasing excitement in
her crotch and realised she was wet from the sensation of the massive rubber
intruders within her!! She hung there fixed into the cubicle, a rubber
doll squirming and pushing at both the implements inside it. It soon felt
itself building to a rapid climax... Groaning in excitement Lisa came in
a shuddering series of orgasms, each one racking her body and sending wave
after wave of excitement through her, she felt herself growing faint from
the incredible pleasure of the wonderful doll clothes she was being made
to wear. Finally spent, she realised only a few short moments had past
and she was still trapped within her prison, slowly being transformed into
a Rubber Doll by an uncaring machine, her excitement at the changes occurring
within her not noticed by the robots bringing about those changes. Almost
completely covered now she couldn't imagine what was to come next.

She didn't have long to wait again, and as she was kept hanging above
the ground a pair of the longest, tightest boots she had ever seen were
pulled onto her rubber legs by the robot arms. They came all the way to
the top of her legs again, completely covering the rubber stockings she
wore and putting her into another coating of the wonderful material. Zipped
shut by the robots and sealed over at the back, the boots fitted her legs
like another skin and no imperfections marred their shiny finish from the
incredible 6" spiked heels to the smooth seam at the top where it flowed
into her rubber coated leg. Still held above the ground Lisa hung like
a rubber mannequin, her entire body from her exposed breasts down to her
pointed 6" heeled boots, covered in the smooth black finish of the finest
high gloss latex. She was helpless, terrified and excited at what was to
come next... As she looked she saw the next layer of Latex approach, held
between two robot arms.

A long and flowing black rubber dress was pulled up her legs and another
pair of robot arms forced her arms into the long sleeves. The dress was
pulled up to her neck and Lisa realised that this was a hobble dress, her
legs forced together by the restrictive material of the smooth black skirt.
Now completely immobile again, Lisa felt the zip at the back of the dress
being pulled up and felt the metal collar she wore being removed from her
neck just as the zip sealed her into the dress. She felt another
arm running up her back and rightly guessed that some sort of seal was
being applied over the zip so as to not spoil her smooth dolls finish.
As the dress was sealed onto her Lisa realised that her hands were covered
in another partial layer of latex, the sleeves looped over her fingers,
sealing the gloves inside and again leaving no hint of where the doll ended
and the rubber began.

The collar of the dress she was encased in was high and restrictive
but not as much as the metal ring and she now able to look more easily
at the changes that had been forced on her body. Looking down she
was amazed to see a true hourglass figure! Her body had become something
entirely different; she stood there completely smooth from her feet to
her neck encased in a single, shiny skin-tight black dress! The hobble
dress had forced her rubber legs almost completely together, so that even
if she was free she could barely move her feet a few inches at a time!
The smooth finish of all the layers she wore underneath meant that she
had a fantasy figure of total gloss black, no imperfections apart from
the totally erect nipples pushing out, sitting atop her stunning breasts.

She could not believe what she had become, and ran her hands over the
dolls body, feeling the tight corset that pulled the dolls waist into the
beautiful hourglass shape, the way the material of the dress was pulled
tight across her hips making her so completely smooth. She again felt the
rubber dildo that was pushed into the doll's vagina and started to excite
herself once more. The doll then felt around the back of her perfect body
and pushing at the butt plug forced so roughly into it's anus it felt itself
growing even more excited. Running its' rubber hands over its' rubber body
the doll loved the way it felt and wanted so much to see itself in a mirror

Now complete, the doll was moved from the cubicle and back onto the
conveyor belt, this time there was no resistance, the doll was ready for
what came next and waited patiently like the rest. As it passed out of
the box room, there was another huge metal plate, polished to a mirror
finish and the doll was able to see itself in the mirror, complete for
the first time. It was amazed and looking in the mirror, ran its' rubber
hands through its' own hair, loving the short black cut and then ran its'
fingers over its' perfect face, marvelling at the look of its' features,
so perfect and inhumanly beautiful! Running its' hands down its'
smooth, black and stunning rubber figure the doll could imagine nothing
else better than being the toy of its' new owner, ready to play any games,
and have anything done to it.

The conveyor belt moved down towards the packing crates and a robot
arm picked up the dolls and carefully placed each one into a long black
crate. Each crate was filled with a human-form mould, so that the doll
inside could not move in transit. Curiously, if anyone took the time to
look, they would notice that each crate although tightly sealed had air
holes, as if something inside needed to breathe.

"Well there's another one for the market, and I gotta say that's the
best we've had so far! You deserve a bonus for getting that one to us."
Said the man looking over the production line from the office above.

"Always a pleasure to help my friends, and even more of a pleasure
to receive those lovely cheques", replied the woman, smiling down at the
new doll now being packed, "remember to make it out to: Mrs J. Bond.
I have to square my accounts you know?"
