---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Video for Jeff
authors:
- Kris Player
tags:
- n-a
---

All the toys are assembled as he described in
the letter and the video camera is set up on its tripod. Even though he's
far from me right now, my husband and I can still play master/slave games. 
I want this video of myself to be really good
for him so I'm wearing the black PVC outfit he bought for me last year,
the crotchless one with the open breasts and the lacing down the sides
that, when pulled tight as they are now, squeeze my tummy tiny, kind of
like a corset.
I've set the camera for a reasonably wide angle
on the lens. This  way he might not get any close ups once the games
begin, but I'm not likely to move out of the picture, so he won't miss
any of the action.

I turn to the camera to address him.

"Hello, Master. I figure because we might someday
watch this tape and wonder what the heck's going on, I'll save us the future
trouble and give a little introduction. You're off on business to Wisconsin
again, and I won't see you for about another five weeks. I miss you so!
You've already been gone a little more than a week when you sent me this
letter instructing me, as your love slave, to make this video and send
it back to you so you won't feel quite so lonely. When you get it you'll
have fun watching it, I'm sure. But right now I get to have fun making
it for you.

"To start with, as you can see, I've worn this
slave outfit for you 'cause I know it's one of you favorites. Oh, and nothing's
started to grow back yet since the last waxing. I'm as hairless, nakedly
clean and available down there as a good slave should always be for her
master.
"Oh, and before I forget, I know you always want
me to play safe, so I've already arranged for Tina to drop by around eight,
just in case I get stuck. That gives me almost two hours (if I can stand
it that long) before she gets here."

I point to the top of the decorative pillar he
had installed near the wall in our bedroom.

"Now, in accordance with your instructions, Master,
hanging by a thread at the top of the post are all the padlock keys except
one. I can only reach them on my tippytoes or in my stilettos, which you
can see I'm wearing right now. I know you love how these shoes look on
me, how they force my foot to point straight down and the sharp curve they
put in my calf, and I'm glad you instructed me to wear them because they
make me feel more like your helpless slave. Thank you, Master.

"Again, according to your command, only one key
is made available to me, which I wear around my neck on a string like a
long necklace. The lock it fits will hold my shoe on. I can see how it's
going to be difficult for me to reach the lock with the key. Very clever,
Master. Of course, once the handcuffs are locked on, the only key I'll
be able to reach will be the one on the cord around my neck, and even that
one will be tough to get at and use. Okay, time for a close-up so you can
see why this key will be so important to me."

I step out of the picture for a moment, returning
with a chair which I set near the camera. I put my right foot up on the
chair and take off the black stiletto. I hold a tiny key near the camera
lens.
"This is the key to the handcuffs," I announce
as I press it into the arch of my bare toes and grip it there.

I put the high heel back on again, trapping the
handcuff key under my toes. Next, I wrap a black leather cuff snugly around
my ankle, pulling the attached thinner strap under my shoe in front of
the skyscraper heel and back up to the inside of my ankle to the small
staple that holds it.

"Your letter specifically said to padlock this
stiletto stirrup on the inside of my ankle when normally I would hang the
lock on the outside. Although this will make things a little easier for
me in the situation you've planned for me, it's still going to be tough
to reach the lock with the key around my neck while my hands are manacled
behind me. But I'm sure you will certainly enjoy watching me squirm as
I struggle to reach it between orgasms."

Next, I move the chair out of the way and put
the rest of the toys on the floor before securing one end of a chain around
the base of the pillar with a padlock and the other end on my left ankle.

"There's about three feet of loose chain tethering
me to the post, Master. This will prevent me from inadvertently rolling
out of camera range. Just to make reference on the tape why this is necessary,
ever since playing bondage games with you, I've lost all sense of self
control when I have an orgasm, relying totally on my bonds to control me.
So, without this for a leash, who knows where in the room I'd find myself
when my ecstasy finally fades. By the way, thank you, Master, for allowing
me to learn to give up such control so I can bask in the freedom of unrestrained
orgasmic response. Without your bondage I would never have acquired such
a liberating habit.

"That leaves only three more instructions to follow.
Here comes the fun one. You've ordered me to lock a vibrator in myself,
but you didn't specify how. I've decided to continue the chain motif by
using the chastity chain you put together for me."

Three short lengths of sturdy steel linkage are
attached together by a two inch wide steel ring. Placing the ring behind
me, two lengths wrap tightly around each side of my waist to meet in front,
held by a padlock which I don't close quite yet. The third length falls
between my butt cheeks and will run through my crotch and up in front to
the lock. But first...

"As you've instructed, Master, I've put fresh
batteries in the vibrator. I'm turning it on now. Wow. Are these batteries
stronger than normal or is it just my imagination? Okay, now I'm working
the base of this dancing monster into the special rubber cap you got for
it last month. It's pretty tight. There, I'm getting it, uh huh, yes, it's
in all the way now. Oh, Master, this is devious. This cap will prevent
me from switching it off. And the ring on the bottom will make sure the
chain holds it in place. I can see how this will guarantee there's absolutely
no cheating. Here goes."

Already wet from excited anticipation, I slowly
slide the buzzing tormentor up into me, making sure the camera gets a good
view of it sinking into my depths. Then I thread the chain through the
ring at its base and pull tight to the open padlock at my navel. The shiny
steel links burrow themselves into my vulva, driving the vibrator almost
completely out of sight.

"With a snap of this lock, Master, the vibrator
will torture me nicely until I can free my hands to reach the keys hanging
high on the pillar. I can feel the vibrations of the dildo carried along
the chain as it presses tightly on my clitty. It won't be long before I'm
squirming out of control totally.

"Because you're not here, Master, and you can
only watch me on video, there won't be anything important for me to use
my mouth for. So in accordance with your instructions I'm going to gag
myself for you by strapping this big, red, rubber ball in my mouth. This
way you can clearly see how utterly gagged I am. Once I cuff my hands behind
my back I'll never be able to reach to unstrap it. So this is about it
for the narrative portion of the presentation, except, of course, for whatever
moaning and groaning I'll probably do. I really wish you were here, Master.
There's nothing like having your hands on me when I'm helpless."

And with that, I lean close to the video camera
so he can see clearly as I seal my mouth with the ball gag, squeezing it
in behind my teeth and buckling it tightly in back. In fact I buckle it
a notch tighter than he usually does. Sometimes I think he's just a little
soft on me when we play, so I'll show him how I really like it.

Now for the coup de gras. In clear view of the
camera I slap a handcuff around my wrist and click it tight enough that
I can feel it hold me, bearing in mind that without the key I can't double
lock it to prevent it from accidentally closing tighter and hurting me.
So it could be a little tighter and, in fact, I wish it were. But I demonstrate
near to the camera lens that it is indeed inescapable, as I try to pull
it off over my hand without success. Turning my back to the camera, I show
my master as I close the other cuff around the other wrist. My commitment
to helplessness is complete as the ratchet clicks with a tone of finality.

I've now trapped myself, rendering myself totally
defenseless for my master's viewing pleasure. The bondage alone is enough
to bring me close to orgasm, I love it so. But with the vibrator buzzing
away deep inside me, climax won't be long in coming. I settle back on the
floor and squirm in delicious anticipation. I'll let my master watch me
have my first orgasm before beginning to attempt escape from my happy bonds.

My breathing grows heavy as I start to writhe
on the rug. I tug on the handcuffs, enjoying their implacability. I love
my bondage, especially at Jeff's hands. I count myself enormously fortunate
to have such a husband to whose mastery I can so happily surrender. He
may not be here in the room with me now, but I've bound myself according
to his instructions and I'm taping it for him to see, so it's almost as
if he's here watching but not touching. It may be for him that I submit
to this, but it's also for me. I crave the control of my bonds. And the
very real peril that I may actually fail to escape this self imposed restraint
thrills me to the core.

I pull against the chain that holds my ankle to
the pillar. Of course it holds me fast, I'm only seeking to experience
every nuance of my captivity. I find myself wishing for more straps or
ropes to hold my body, despite the fact my simple bonds are nearly inescapable.

Climax draws near and I grunt against the rubber
ball that spreads my jaws and stuffs my mouth. My abdomen twitches and
my loins grip spasmodically at the vibrator locked tightly within me. Very
soon I will lose control.

Aside from the fact that my bindings afford Jeff
the ability to hold me tight, even from a distance, one of the most wonderful
things I love about bondage is that when I climax I can thrash around and
buck as hard as I want to, knowing my bonds will hold me safely in place.
In fact, I've gotten in such a habit of abandoning myself so completely
to orgasm that, if we make love without bondage, it's all Jeff can do to
hold me down and keep me from hurting myself. It's a good thing the bedroom
carpet is so thickly padded. Still, I may come through this playtime with
a few bruises to show for my pleasure.

As if I could see him, I stare at Jeff through
the camera, wishing he were really here. He wants to see me bound and in
ecstasy. He's about to get his wish. I feel that itching burn intensify
deep inside my belly. My orgasm hasn't even hit me yet, but I'm beginning
to pant through my nose, little moans escaping with each exhaled breath.
I bite against the rubber ball that imprisons my mouth, denying me speech.
My eyes close and my head falls back as the first wave of ecstasy washes
over my senses. Here it comes.

My hips twist and sway. I can feel the heat in
my groin burning. My inner muscles twitch and grab at the invading vibrator
and my body begins to convulse. *Bang*! I'm cumming! I feel the floor
against my shoulders. My hair flies around my face. I shiver and buck against
my restraints. My bare nipples rub harshly against the carpet. Somehow
I've wound up on my belly, humping my hips against the floor as hard as
I can, grunting loudly through my nose. I must be putting on quite a show
for my master, Jeff.

The muscles deep within me spasm with intensity
around the busy dildo. If it weren't for the chain holding it tightly in
me, it surely would have shot out across the room by now. My arms flail
wildly behind me, held only to each other by the unbreakable grip of the
handcuffs. My legs fly everywhere, my feet hitting hard on the floor, cushioned
by the thick padding beneath the carpet. I roll around, completely lost
to the throes of ecstasy. The chain on my ankle pulls me toward the pillar
as I draw my knees to my face, straighten out and roll around some more.
I am completely unable to control myself, a helpless prisoner to my own
pleasure!

Minutes go by as the handcuffs, dildo and gag
compel my orgasm to continue unabated. But at last the intensity begins
to die down. I'm still cumming, but I'm regaining control over my actions.
I feel a little dizzy as after-waves of pleasure seem to sweep across my
vision like a multi-colored fog. I notice I’ve drooled a bit around the
fat rubber ball.

Climbing to a sitting position, hair sticking
to my sweaty brow, I look to the camera, panting hard. Jeff, you had better
like this. Now you can watch me set myself free, because I don't think
I can take too many more climaxes like that one without you here with me.

I reach my cuffed hands around my right side and
take hold of the key dangling on the cord around my neck. My right hand
reaches farther than the other, of course, but neither will reach my gag
to set my mouth free. For that, or to do anything else, I need the handcuff
key locked in my right shoe under my toes. I pull my right ankle up onto
my left thigh to fit the key around my neck into the padlock that holds
my shoe on. Oh, no! I can't reach my ankle! I pull with my leg, grunt and
rock back and forth, trying to raise my foot higher into my lap. I've got
to get this key into the lock or else I'm stuck here for more than another
hour until Tina gets here to set me free. And there lies the nature of
my peril; if I can get free, fine, I've had my fun. But if I can't, the
intensity of my forced pleasure will drive me crazy long before Tina will
arrive. I just can't take another whole hour of orgasms without Jeff! But
I can't get a hold of my foot to pull it near enough to use the key.

Desperately, I get to my knees to try to use my
own weight to my advantage. With my ankle against the floor, if I press
myself down toward it in something of a crude stretching exercise, I might
reach it. I have to stretch my other leg out behind me, out of the way,
but the chain on my ankle prevents me. I'll have to face away from the
pillar I'm tethered to. My faded orgasm, faded but not absent, threatens
to return at full strength soon, as I squirm around and change position,
aware that the camera is getting a great side view of me. Once again, I
pull my ankle up over my knee. Then I hoist myself up onto my knees and
begin to lean down, slipping my left knee back and straightening that leg.
I flip the hair up off my face and realize I'll have to reach my hands
around my left side to even touch my foot. Reluctantly, I let go of the
key and switch my bound hands around behind me to the other side.

Success! I've grasped the tall heel of my shoe.
But the key now rests on the floor beneath my chin. Unable to reach it,
I sit up. The chain on my left ankle causes me to turn toward the camera
as I pull my leg under me to get to a sitting position. The thought comes
to my mind: Did Jeff think in advance how all this might happen? I feel
so controlled. Hundreds of miles away, he's not even in the same state
with me and yet he wields such control over my body. I haven't quite stopped
cumming and I nearly swoon at the notion of his power. Oh, how I love him
so.

I still have hold of the heel of my locked on
stiletto. All I have to do now is swing the key that dangles from my neck
into my right hand and fit it into the padlock and the handcuff key will
be mine. I'd better hurry as the vibrator is once again joining with my
helplessness to build up those joyous sensations deep within me that will
surely steal away my ability to function.

I sway back and forth repeatedly, but the swinging
key keeps missing my hand. I feel so bound, so helpless, so desperate,
so turned on! The little orgasm that never really stopped is building again
toward another wild crescendo. No, I can't yet lose control again, I've
got to make this work. At last the key swings into my hand. I fumble with
it in my fingers as my left hand pulls my foot a little closer.

Sensations of rapture swell within and a flush
of prisoner's pleasure washes over me. I'm just about to get the little
key to reach the lock when ecstasy forces me to abandon my struggles and
I fall back on the floor, arching my spine and moaning loudly. There should
be no doubt in Jeff's mind when he sees this that the vibrator and the
strong sense of helplessness brought about by my bondage have conspired
against me and just pushed me over the edge again. All I can do is writhe
defenseless on the carpet until my orgasm begins to subside. But with the
vibrator's unyielding insistence, I'll only have a short while between
climaxes to try for freedom a second time.

It's a darn good thing I arranged for my best
friend to let herself in around eight o'clock. If I can't get out of this,
at least I'm sure to be rescued. One thing Jeff and I believe in is to
always follow the safety rules. But it's not even seven yet. Can I stand
another hour of this?

The phone rings. Well I certainly can't answer
it in my current condition. The machine takes over and I'm pleased to hear
Jeff's voice, even if it's only a recording.

"Hi, this is Jeff. I'm sorry I can't get to the
phone and it seems Julie is a bit tied up at the moment. But if you leave
your name, number and a brief message, we'll get back to you as soon as
we get the knots loose."

Beeeeeeep!

"Hi, Julie, this is Tina. I'm sorry but I can't
make it tonight like you asked me. Something came up. But I'll catch you
tomorrow night Gimme a call later. Gotta go. Bye."

As I hear her hang up, my stomach knots, my heart
races and my loins grip tightly at the humming plastic fiend within me.
She's not coming?! I'm stuck like this? For how long? No, not until tomorrow
night! I've *got* to get myself loose!

With renewed effort and a strength I didn't seem
to have before, I reach around from behind me with my cuffed hands, bruising
my wrists on the steel to grasp my ankle and pull it toward my chest. Reaching
for the key, I'm shocked at not finding it. *Gawd* no! Where is it?
The string must have slipped off over my head. I panic, rolling around
on the carpet looking for it. It's nowhere to be seen. Where the hell is
it?

Suddenly I'm climaxing again. I grunt against
the ball gag and scream through my nose. I can't help but thrash around,
rolling over on my stomach and banging my hips against the carpet. I try
my best to rub my clit against the rug for the next minute until, once
again, I can regain a little composure. Lifting my head, I look back over
my shoulder and scowl angrily at the camera. This is your fault, Jeff.
But I know my master, he'll just get a good laugh out of this. And he's
sure to get himself off, too.

My insides are still twitching in pleasure at
my helplessness when an idea dawns on me. Wait a second! If the key is
on the floor I'll reach the lock on my ankle easier with it. Why didn't
I think of that before? I look around again but I still don't find the
key. Am I sitting on it? I roll to the side, almost unable to control my
orgasmic convulsions. Still no key. Where the hell..? If I don't find it
I'm doomed to spend the night bound on the floor at the mercy of my buzzing,
tireless, plastic tormentor. That thought did it! I've lost control again
to my hormones! I roll and thrash and twitch and writhe, my strength draining
away. Despite my ecstasy, I’m almost ready to cry. I've just got to find
that key. I don't think I can take much more of this.

I hear the front door close. Jeff is hundreds
of miles from here and Tina said she can't come by. So who else has a key
to the apartment? No! Please tell me I didn't leave the door unlocked.
It could be anyone at all. Maybe it's someone breaking in. Oh, I'm in great
shape to defend myself! I've been panting already from the orgasms, but
now my heart is *really* racing!

Tina walks through the bedroom door. I'm emotionally
relieved, but the adrenaline rush from the fear propels me to yet another
level of crushing climax. She steps over me as I squirm and moan and strain
against the bonds. She leans into the camera, waving.

"Hi, Jeffie. I figured you guys were up to something
like this, so I came over to... Well, actually I haven't cum yet, but I
intend to. I assume you'll give me authority to have my way with Jules,
here, as long as it's fun for you to watch. Besides, you're not here to
stop me and she's certainly in no position to."

She moves to the edge of the bed.

"Oh, is this the letter?"

Crossing her long legs in clear view of the video
camera, she picks up the letter Jeff wrote me with the instructions for
my present state of harassed helplessness.

I pant hard through my nose as I squirm on my
stomach, struggling through my sixth or seventh climax. My hips rock involuntarily
as the ecstasy holds me captive as much as my bonds. I look up at Tina,
hoping for release. This has been a thrilling lot of fun, but enough is
enough.

She sits on the bed reading the letter with my
master's commands. Her shapely legs are crossed and drawn up a bit, looking
very sexy and very long because of her short black miniskirt and... What?!
Six inch black high heels?! I've *never* seen her wear stilettos.
I thrash around waiting for my orgasm to end, but this one seems to be
longer and stronger than ever. I've been so lost in orgasm that I didn't
realize at first what she said into the video camera, but now it sinks
in. She hasn't come to rescue me but to torment me further. My climax suddenly
hits a deeper level and I feel so utterly defenseless in my sexy bondage.
I spread my legs wide, trying desperately to rub my clitoris on the carpet,
but the chastity chain holds my bud just barely out of reach of most of
the nappy fibers. I moan and groan through my nostrils and drool some more
around my gag as I frantically hump the floor, scissoring my legs back
and forth, not caring she's there to see me. My bound hands tug on the
chain that separates my butt cheeks, unable to reach the buzzing dildo
locked in by it.

"What's this on your back?" she asks. "A key?"

A key? The key is on my back? I feel her pick
it up off me and its cord tugs at my throat.

"Oh, it's around your neck. Lift your head for
me, sweetheart, and I'll take it off you."

I manage to comply, despite my ecstatic writhings,
and she slips the cord up and over my head. She rolls me over on my back
and I continue to squirm. I'm relieved as she fits the key into the little
padlock on the stiletto stirrup, turns it, and releases the leather assembly
that holds my shoe on. My toes grip the handcuff key as she tosses my high
heel aside. Holding my foot in the air, she takes the tiny key and lightly
runs it down the sole of my bare foot. My instant reaction is to jerk my
foot away, but she holds it firmly and chuckles as she tickles me again
with the key that holds my freedom. I roll on my belly, twisting my foot
away from her, then roll back, sit up and pout at her with the saddest
eyes I can muster. She lowers herself to one knee and lets her hand graze
lightly up my inner thigh to rest upon my labia. I’m helpless before her
and now she’s touching me like she’s never done before. She’s stroking
my naked pussy!

I struggle to maintain self control as my orgasm
shifts gears again without ceasing. But control is lost to my beautiful
tormentress as I squirm and writhe at her hands.

"Did you like my little phone call about not showing
up? I'll bet you thought you'd be stuck here all night, didn't you? I'll
bet the idea really got you hot, didn't it? Why, look how wet you are all
around your dildo! You're having so much fun, aren't you? But guess what?
You *are* going to be stuck in bondage all night, because I don't
think you've had enough fun yet. I've got sweet plans for you, sweetheart.
By the way, Jeffie told me where you guys hide all your bondage gear."

Oh, gawd! If she’s acting this bold with the camera
running, What’s she going to do when the tape runs out?

Please tell your
readers that the story is continued in a book called 
"Images of Restraint"
from Pink Flamingo Publications
http://www.pinkflamingo.com/EroticNovels/book\_Show.asp?book=PF4008
Should one explore
the site, one will discover the book is also available 
for download. Along
with the whole Video for Jeff story and its longer 
sequel, the book
includes another self-bondage story as well as two tales of 
bondage slavery.
