---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiessz/well_i_asked_for_it.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Well, I Asked For It
authors:
- Hopeful
tags:
- F+/m
- mpov
- ponyboy
- bond
- strip
- outdoors
- cuffs
- chastity
- gag
- harness
- training
- hum
- collar
- electro
- spank
- crop
- susp
- rope
- cons
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2023-10-06 00:00:00
---

We had arrived at Joan’s weekend property a couple of hours outside of town. “Hop out and open the gate,” Joan said as she pulled the car off the main road and onto the dirt track. I did as I was told. After all, that was the deal. She drove the car in, stopping just inside. I closed the gate and went to get back into the car only to find that she had locked the doors and was standing beside the car. She had an overnight bag in her hand. As I approached she said “take off all your clothes, you can leave your joggers on.”

I removed my board shorts, T-shirt and underwear and handed them to her. She opened the overnight bag and put them inside. I looked around nervously but there was nobody in sight. We were way out in the country and the road we had just pulled off was very quiet. I could see no sign of life in any direction. “Hands behind your back” she said. I turned away from her and did as I was told. She had produced a pair of stout leather cuffs and I felt her apply and lock one to each wrist. A small snap link secured my wrists close together. I couldn’t reach it to free myself. Next similar cuffs were locked onto my ankles but she did not lock them together. Now she produced a small cloth bag and from it took a shiny stainless steel device that I realised to my dismay was a chastity lock. She knelt in front of me and expertly applied first the ring around my cock and balls and then padlocked the short metal cage in place to complete the confinement. It was very snug and obviously secure. “What are you going to do with me? Are these cuffs really necessary?”

“Too many questions – you will have to learn to be quiet if you are going to stay on my good side this week.” With that she roughly spun me back to face away from her. In an instant she had forced a bright red ball gag into my mouth and strapped it tightly behind my head. She closed the overnight bag and got back into the car. “Follow me,” she smiled and suddenly drove off up the dirt track leaving me standing there, gagged and naked except for my joggers with my hands cuffed behind my back. In no time she disappeared around a bend and off into the trees. I set off after her following the track. My mind was racing as I walked along. Joan is about 50 years old, about 10 years older than me and a long-time friend. Over one too many drinks at a neighbourhood party, she had confided that she missed the games she and her husband had played before he had his stroke. These “games” she told me involved treating her husband as her personal slave. I was quick to admit to her that similar ‘games’ had long been a fantasy of mine. Before I knew it we had arranged this week away together. I had agreed to be her slave for the week. She had told her husband that she was on a business trip. I was single at the time and had no trouble getting a week off work. So here we were.

Again I looked around, hoping that I couldn’t be seen by anyone. I needn’t have worried as we were miles out in the country and the further I walked the thicker the trees became. Finally I turned a corner on the track and there was Joan. She was leaning against the car next to her luggage and a few boxes of groceries she had unloaded from the boot. The car was parked inside a large shed. As I approached she moved away from the car and came towards me. She guided me by the arm into the shed. We stopped and she turned me around guiding me backwards for a few steps, as if positioning me. She released my arm. A thick belt was buckled around my waist and tightened a little more than I would have liked. I took a deep breath. She undid the cuffs and each wrist was refastened by the padlocks to a ring on each side of the thick belt. “Grab these” she said “and don’t let go.” She had pulled a small rickshaw like buggy up behind me and placed the poles in my hands. The poles were also locked to the thick belt.

I looked at her and she was smiling to herself as she checked my cuffs and the broad belt. She seemed happy with her work. She turned away and went to a rack on the wall of the shed. She returned with a tangle of thin leather straps which I quickly realised was a bridle, complete with a chrome bit. I was a little worried now and she must have noticed the look on my face. She took hold of my encased cock and balls and squeezed firmly. “You have nothing to worry about as long as you do what you’re told immediately and without question – understood?” I nodded and groaned over my gag at the same time. She unbuckled the gag. “No talking!” she said, raising a warning finger in front of my face. I obeyed.

She took the bridle and in no time had it fitted on my head. It was tight and the bit dug into my mouth. Reins ran from rings on each end of the bit and she took them and tied them to a post a few feet to my right. “The reins will steer you and this will keep you moving” she said as she took a long thin riding crop from a hook on the wall and waved it menacingly under my nose. “All we need now is a means of reining you in if you get a bit frisky.” She took another strap from the wall. This was about a metre and a half long and had a loop at one end and a snap link at the other. She firmly pushed me between the shoulder blades and bent me over at the waist. Reaching in behind me she took the snap lock on the end of the strap and clipped it onto an eyelet that I now realised was attached to the ring around my cock and balls. She took the strap back between my legs and hung the other end over the front of the buggy. “Nearly ready,” she said as she untied the reins and led me out of the shed. She closed the shed and locked the car inside.

“We have to travel the last kilometre or so on foot as the storm washed out the road and we only have a narrow path open that is too small for the car. It will be repaired in due course. We have to leave the car here. When I say *we* have to travel by foot I mean *you*.” She smiled again and patted me on the arse.

She then picked up the two suitcases and put them on a tray behind the seat of the buggy. “We’ll have to make a second trip for the groceries,” she said, “but it looks as though you could use the exercise anyway.” With that she hopped into the buggy seat and gave the reins a firm jerk in either direction pulling my head from right to left and back again. Happy that everything was in order, she swatted me none too gently on the right cheek of my arse with the crop and said “giddy up.” I got a fright and took off straight away.

The path was fairly flat and even and I was surprised how easy it was to pull the buggy. We were travelling along the narrow path in the morning sunshine and Joan was humming happily to herself. I was quite enjoying my task, even though the bit was uncomfortable and the day was now quite warm. I had long fantasised about being put to work like this, driven along by a strict Mistress. My cock began to swell as I strained to pull the buggy. It was very uncomfortable in the steel cage. Suddenly Joan spotted some wild flowers and called out “whoa.” Instead of pulling back on the reins, she pulled sharply on the “brake” she had devised. I felt a sharp pain in my balls as the device was pulled back between my legs. I stopped immediately. She jumped down and tied my reins off to a small tree by the path. I don’t know why she bothered – I wasn’t considering going anywhere, restrained as I was.

My balls were still aching when she returned to the buggy with the flowers, untied the reins and jumped back into the seat. Again she gave the reins a flick, made a clicking noise with her tongue and delivered another slap with the crop. I grunted over the bit and pulled the buggy on, down the path. After about fifteen minutes we came upon a clearing with a low-set timber cottage in the middle. Joan directed me towards the four low steps that led to the wide deck. This deck ran right around the house. She hopped down from the buggy and walked around in front of me. Reaching between my legs she took the strap that was snapped onto my chastity ring and slid the loop over a post on the end of the hand rail on the steps. She left very little slack in the lead, causing any movement on my part to pull on my already sore balls.

“Hello,” Joan called. *HELLO? – who the hell was she calling out to?* I didn’t expect anyone else to be here. I was panicking now and looked at the house wide-eyed with terror. The door opened and out came a young woman. She was small in stature, perhaps only five feet tall. She had shoulder length black hair and a beautiful face. Her skin was a lovely olive tone and she had a fantastic figure, barely hidden by the shorts and very tight tank top she wore.

“Hello Mary,” said Joan, “have you been here long?”

“No Aunty,” she replied. “Mother dropped me off this morning around ten.”

I was still shocked and wanted to run and hide, but tethered by the balls as I was, all I could do was stand by the steps sweating.

“Give me a hand with these, will you dear?” said Joan, indicating the suitcases in the tray of the buggy. The young woman walked past me, giving me a quick once over. ”You were right Aunty, he really does look like a good slave to practice on,” she said as she took one of the cases from the buggy.

“Yes, I’m sure he will do nicely,” said Joan. ”He was very eager to come away for the week. Though I don’t know if he would have been so keen had I told him he would be serving two mistresses. It’s a bit late for him to worry about that now, don’t you think?” They both laughed as they took the cases into the house. Soon they both returned, smiling at me and seemingly enjoying my obvious discomfort.

Joan spoke to me, “Mary is going to take you back for the groceries – it will give you two a chance to get acquainted.” Mary unhooked the loop of my ball leash from the post and after feeding it back through my legs, climbed into the buggy and took up the reins. “Right,” she said. “Let’s get going.” She pulled roughly at the right rein, jerking my head around and pointing me back down the path. Before I had a chance to balance myself she swatted me very firmly across my arse with the crop. I was jolted into action and headed off back down the path.

Mary was much lighter than Joan. Where Joan was a full figured woman of about 65 kilograms, I doubted if Mary was much more than 50. I found pulling the buggy much easier with Mary in the seat and nothing in the parcel tray. We hadn’t gone far when she spoke. “Aunty Joan told me a few years ago about the relationship she has with Uncle Nick and how much she enjoys having him as her slave. She has told me all about the games they used to play and how it helps their marriage. I’m getting married in a few months and Aunty suggested I come along this week so that I can see if I might like the lifestyle. If I do, my hubby is in for a surprise, don’t you think?” I couldn’t answer her with the bit deep between my teeth, but I got the impression that she couldn’t have cared less if I spoke or not.

I was sweating up a fair bit now as the day grew warmer and the bit was starting to become a little more than uncomfortable. Eventually we arrived back at the shed and Mary eased back on the reins as she guided me towards the boxes of groceries. She pulled back firmly on the reins as we stopped by the two boxes. Before she got out of the buggy, she took the leash attached to my chastity and tugged back on it, causing me to involuntarily lean forward as my balls were pulled roughly back between my legs. She tied it off to the rail on the front of the buggy, keeping the pressure on my balls. “Better apply the park brake – we don’t want you moving around as I load the groceries,” she said with a laugh as she hopped out of the buggy. She gave me a playful slap on the arse as she walked around me and picked up the boxes.

Once we were loaded up and Mary was back in the seat she undid the strap, easing the strain on my balls. Before I could appreciate my easier predicament, she delivered a sound crack of the crop to my arse and flicked the reins. “Let’s see how fast we can get back” she said and struck me again with the crop. I broke into a jog and set off down the path. “Faster” she cried out happily as she hit me another half dozen times. My legs felt heavy and I struggled hard against the weight of the buggy and its contents. I settled into a fairly brisk pace and she seemed happy with our progress. She didn’t hit me again until the cabin came into view about sixty metres away. “One last effort” she cried and struck me viciously across the lower back with a crop and jerked on the reins. I gathered all the strength I could and sprinted the last bit back to the stairs of the cabin. Mary was squealing with delight as we charged towards the house.

Joan was sitting in a large comfortable chair on the deck as we approached and she stood up smiling as I almost stumbled to a stop in front of her. I felt dizzy and I was sweating like I hadn’t done for years. The sweat had run into my eyes and was stinging. My mouth ached from the bit and my arse and back felt as though they were on fire from the prompting Mary had given me on the way back to the house.

“I hope you haven’t overdone it Mary” Joan smiled as she took the reins from her and tied them off to the railing. “He has plenty of work ahead of him, don't forget – it’s going to be a long week for him.”

“Sorry Aunt Joan,” beamed Mary. “I got a bit carried away. I think I’m going to enjoy myself this week.” They took a box each into the house, leaving me tethered to the rail with my wrists still locked to the belt and the shafts of the buggy. A minute later, Mary reappeared and untied the reins from the rail. She led me about 20 metres to the corner of the house where she re-tied the reins to the low branch of a tree.

 I was still sweating madly and my breath was laboured when she unlocked my wrists from the cuffs on the belt. I was in no state to struggle and in no time she had securely refastened my wrists behind me. She removed the belt and pushed the buggy under the tree and left it there. She took hold of the leash to my balls and slipped the loop over her wrist. She now undid the bridle and to my relief, she removed it and the bit from my mouth. “Don’t get any ideas about running off,” she smiled as she gave the leash a tug.

I doubted I was in any state to go anywhere and I docilely followed her first to the buggy where she dropped the bridle and bit and then around the corner of the house. She led me back to the stairs and up onto the deck. She knelt down and removed my shoes and socks as Joan sat and watched. Mary then locked my ankles together. The ball gag that I had worn earlier was on the table next to Joan and soon Mary had firmly re-applied it. She released my wrists and refastened them in front of me. A rope with a snap lock attached hung from a ring in the rafters and Mary attached it to my wrists. Taking the other end of the rope, she pulled it until my arms were stretched above my head and she tied it off to the railing.

While Mary had been securing me, Joan had gone down the stairs and returned with a garden hose. Without warning, she squeezed the nozzle and a blast of icy water hit me. She gave me a thorough hosing down. I tried to protest over my gag but could only emit muffled grunts. They both went inside leaving me to shiver and dry in the light breeze.

Soon they returned with a plate of sandwiches and cold drinks.

“You have done a good job, Mary. Have some lunch while he dries off and I’ll tell you about my plans for the week.”

“By the time we leave here, our slave will have been put through a strict training programme” Joan said to Mary. “He will be obedient, tamed and a pleasure to have around. He will be anxious to do what he is told and equally anxious to avoid the consequences if he doesn’t. It won’t be easy for him but it will be a lot of fun for you and me.”

“Tell me more aunty,” insisted Mary eagerly, glancing sideways at me.

“Well, to ensure that he learns quickly, he must be disciplined for any mistakes or disobedience. He must know that behaviour such as that won’t be tolerated. He must also know that correct behaviour will be pleasing to us and that small rewards may also be earned.”

“So we must be very strict and punish bad behaviour. Right?” said Mary.

“Right,” said Joan, taking a sip of her drink. “It’s all about setting rules, expectations and boundaries and clearly defining punishments for failing to obey the rules, not meeting the expectations or straying outside the boundaries. If a punishment is set it must be carried out. The slave must not think that you can be swayed to change your mind about punishment or reduce it. It’s all about him knowing his place.”

Joan stood up and walked slowly around me, the riding crop now gripped firmly in her right hand. “Do you understand what is required of you?” she said as she leaned in and spoke in my ear. I gulped and nodded, unable to answer because of the gag. Joan smiled and cupped my balls in her left hand and squeezed gently. My dick swelled a little in the cage and Joan smiled again as she returned to her seat.

Joan continued. “An effective method of training is to impress upon a slave that they are inferior to their owners or mistresses. Once he thinks this way he is easier to train. He quickly learns that the only way to avoid punishment is perfect obedience. He is reliant on us for food and drink. He also relies on us for creature comforts that will make his life less miserable. Believe me Mary, one night spent chained to a post on the deck instead of sleeping at the foot of a mistress’s bed does wonders for a slave’s attitude. He is constantly scared that any mistake in carrying out orders or failing to be fully pleasing has consequences.”

Mary was taking all this in as she nibbled away at her lunch. “So Aunty, you say that he must be taught that he is inferior to us. How do we go about that?”

“Many methods are effective. We can teach him by degrading him. Of course he is kept naked at all times. Treating him as a pet instead of a human being is one of my favourites, as well as diminishing his masculinity by treating him as a female. It is humiliating for him and I must say great fun for us.”

I gulped again as I listened to Joan outlining her plans to Mary.

“That sounds great, Aunty. Will we be using any of these methods this week?” she asked enthusiastically.

“Of course we will. The more ways he is taught his place the better for his training and the more pleasure for us” said Joan.

This seemed to please Mary no end.

“What about the punishments?” she asked. “How do we discipline him?”

“I have a system I used with your uncle Nick. Each day I administered what is known as a maintenance spanking. This is done even if your slave performed perfectly. It is a mild spanking that is more symbolic than painful but still uncomfortable. It is a constant reminder of his status. Secondly, if his performance is not up to my expectation, instead of his daily maintenance spanking, I increase the intensity to a discipline spanking. This is painful and designed to get him back on track. I know some mistresses simply tell their slaves that they failed to perform. It leaves them wondering why they were disciplined and they concentrate harder on all their tasks. I prefer to tell my slave exactly why he is receiving discipline so that he can concentrate on his failures and achieve an acceptable level of service sooner. Lastly, there is the punishment spanking. As the name suggests, it is for failure to perform any tasks after being reprimanded for previous shortcomings. It is also for breaking any rules such as speaking without permission, refusal to obey a command or showing even the slightest dissent. This sort of behaviour simply can’t be tolerated if you want a perfect slave.” Joan smiled and continued. “I would have extra fun administering your uncle’s daily spanking. I would tie him down on our bed on his stomach, stark naked of course, and gag him securely. Then I’d blindfold him. He’d be spread out with his wrists and ankles tied to the four corner posts. I would then place the implement that I was going to use on him in front of his face and after a while I would remove the blindfold. Up until this point, he didn’t know if he was in for a maintenance, discipline or punishment spanking. It was great fun watching him squirm in anticipation, waiting to find out his fate.”

Mary was clearly intrigued by Joan’s story as she listened wide eyed. “Tell me more, Aunty.”

Joan continued “If it was a discipline spanking, I would remove the blindfold to reveal a wooden kitchen spoon. A discipline spanking required a long handle, sturdy bath brush and a punishment spanking meant I would be using a cane. I set the punishments at ten strokes of the applicable instrument. You could actually see the relief on your uncle’s face whenever I removed the blindfold and the wooden spoon was in front of his face. Of course he would be terrified to find the crop waiting for him” Joan smiled again as she reminisced.

“So we spank him regularly depending on his performance?” asked Mary.” Do you have any other punishments you would recommend?” “Certainly,” said Joan. “This is only limited by your imagination. As I have said, comforts are important tools. If he is displeasing we can leave him in a situation like he is now for an appropriate amount of time. He will soon be very uncomfortable and more willing to obey” said Joan.

“So bondage is a good tool to use?” asked Mary. She smiled and seemed excited at this prospect.

“Yes. All forms of restriction have benefits in training. A simple chain around an ankle and attached to a post is both effective at restraining a slave and restricting his movements. He knows that even though he can move around to some extent, his Mistress has determined the limits of his confinement. I tend to favour more restrictive bondage measures. This severely limits a slave’s movements and is also uncomfortable. You get restriction and discipline at the same time. Let me show you what I mean.”

Joan approached me, riding crop in hand. “Do as I say,” she snapped. I was scared of the crop and nodded eagerly. She released the rope from the railing and allowed me to lower my arms. “On the floor, face down” she said firmly. I hurried to obey. Joan knelt in front of me and released my wrists. “Hands behind your back” she said.

I complied immediately. The rope that had held my arms above me had a large snap ring on it and in no time Joan had passed the snap ring through the rings on my wrist cuffs securing them close together. She then bent my legs back and with a bit of effort managed to also pass the snap lock through each of the rings on my ankle cuffs. All four limbs were now secured by the snap ring, close together, leaving me strictly and uncomfortably hogtied on the deck.

Mary said excitedly “I think that is great Aunty. He looks so helpless and vulnerable.”

“That’s the intention,” said Joan. “He *is* completely helpless and vulnerable. And most importantly, he knows it. He has no escape and no way of knowing how long he will be left like this. We are starting to impress upon him that his wishes are irrelevant and that we have total control.”

The deck was hard and very uncomfortable. My wrists and ankles were secured very close together and in no time I was wishing that I was still standing instead of being face down on the floor.

 I realised that I had been eager to come away this week and be at Joan’s mercy. To be her slave and be dominated had seemed an exciting prospect. I considered my predicament and the fact that I was not only at Joan’s mercy but also at Mary’s. Despite my uncomfortable state, I was becoming a little aroused and my cock swelled a little in the confines of the cage.

“Do you think that our slave has been behaving himself this morning?” Joan asked.

“Well, he was a little slow to respond to my commands on the way to the car and back,” said Mary, with a bit of a sly grin on her face.

This was a bit unfair I thought and protested over my gag. Joan turned to me and sternly said “Nobody gave you permission to speak. You are also obviously disagreeing with your superior which won’t be tolerated. You haven’t been listening very well. I’m disappointed.”

Turning to Mary, Joan said “Looks like he needs time to contemplate his attitude and think about the rules of his enslavement. I think an hour hogtied will help.” With that, Joan took the other end of the rope that still ran through the ring on the rafters and pulled down hard. My hands and legs were pulled upwards, arching my back and making the hogtie even more uncomfortable. She tied the rope off on the hand rail.

She went inside and returned with a leather hood. It had only holes for my nose. She pulled it on and buckled it in place, then whispered in my ear “The hogtie would have been sufficient by itself had you not given Mary cause to be unhappy with you on the trip back to the car. So the hood is extra punishment. Learn from your mistakes.” She moved away and suddenly the rope was pulled a little further and my discomfort increased. I heard the two of them leave the deck and go inside. I was miserable and uncomfortable. I had also been made aware that fair or not, it was unwise to question a mistress. Just as quickly as I had become aroused, I was miserable again.

It was about eight o’clock on the morning of my second day at the house. I had been woken at around six by Joan who had instructed me to prepare breakfast for her and Mary. I was still naked except for the wrist cuffs which had remained locked in place since my arrival. Similar cuffs were still locked to each ankle. Before I had been released from the hogtie the previous afternoon, Joan had replaced the chastity cage with a ball shocker that locked in place with a small padlock. She had given me a shock at a low level to warn me to behave. It was very uncomfortable and I hoped that she wouldn’t use it again any time soon.

I now also sported a thick leather dog collar which was also locked on. Thankfully the gag had been removed but Joan had told me that it would be re-applied if I spoke without permission. She would also re-apply it, for no reason, if she so decided. I hated it and willingly complied. The wrist cuffs were locked together in front of me and a ten centimetre length of chain connected my ankles. I was otherwise free to move about the cabin and go about my tasks. Escape was obviously out of the question. I was unable to make a run for it, chained as I was and had I tried to make off the two of them could easily round me up. Anyway, where would I go, naked and bound as I was. I couldn’t exactly go to a neighbouring property or out onto the main road without causing a fuss and I was here of my own choice. I wasn’t about to get Joan or her niece into trouble with the police. I was stuck here at their mercy for the week.

Once I had prepared their breakfast and watched them eat it from a kneeling position by the table, Mary re-connected my wrist cuffs behind my back and hand fed me my breakfast. She was placing small pieces of fruit into my eager mouth one at a time as she and Joan casually chatted away. After a few minutes of hand feeding me, Mary placed the bowl on the floor at her feet and instructed me to finish the contents. I leaned forward and ate as best I could, at the same time trying to keep my balance. “After he has eaten his fruit, give him a bowl of milk to finish,” said Joan. Was that all I was getting? I was starving, having only been given scraps from their plates the evening before. “He could do with losing a few kilos and keeping him hungry will help with his training” she said. I was being discussed as though I wasn’t in the room. I was beginning to understand that my “training” was going to be anything but easy.

I had been left in the hogtie and hood for what felt like much more than an hour the previous afternoon. Once released, I was told that Joan and Mary had decided that I would spend the rest of the afternoon as their pet dog. This meant that I was not allowed to stand but must walk around on all fours. The gag was removed and I was told that talking was not allowed. If asked a question, I could only respond by barking once for yes or twice for no. This is when the dog collar and ball shocker were applied. I was ordered down the stairs onto the grass and instructed to relieve myself on a tree. I did the best I could raising my leg and peeing against the tree. Mary and Joan were greatly amused.

Just before dark, I was ordered up onto the deck and told to bend over the railing. I did as I was told. Soon Joan had knelt down and connected my wrists to my ankles through the railings securing me in place. “Daily spanking time” said Joan and she went inside to the kitchen. When she returned she held a wooden kitchen spoon in front of my face. “You probably deserve more than a maintenance spanking, but seeing as it is your first day of training I have decided to be kind” said Joan. Without another word, she strapped the gag in place and proceeded to deliver ten solid strokes of the spoon. I grunted over the gag with each strike. It stung quite a bit as she hit each cheek of my arse five times. It was quite uncomfortable and it dawned on me that a discipline or punishment spanking was something to fear.

I spent the night naked on the floor of Joan’s bedroom, curled up on a thick rug. A five meter length of stout chain was padlocked to the locked collar around my neck. The other end was locked around the frame of the bed. Joan had informed me that the key was in the kitchen, well out of my reach, so there was no point trying to find it as she slept. The chain allowed me to reach the toilet if needed. My ankles were not connected as I wasn’t able to leave the room. My wrists however were connected in front of me and also locked to my collar. Joan said that this was to stop me from fondling myself as the chastity device had been removed. “And,” she said, “because I like the idea.” With that, she hopped into bed and turned off the bedside light. “And if you snore you will spend the night on the deck.” Without another word she rolled over away from me and in a minute I could hear her soft breathing as she fell asleep. Despite my somewhat uncomfortable situation, I had eventually fallen asleep too. That’s where I stayed until I was awoken this morning.

Back at the breakfast table, Joan’s phone rang and she answered it. I tried to follow the conversation but could only make out snippets. Joan hung up and seemed annoyed. I didn’t dare ask what was going on as I had been told earlier that I was not to speak unless permitted. I was learning quickly. “I have to go back to town for an emergency meeting” she said to Mary, ignoring me as I knelt in the corner eating the last of my fruit and lapping up my milk. “Can you please prepare my slave and cart while I get ready?” she asked Mary.

I was not yet finished my breakfast but Mary ordered me to my feet. I struggled to stand, hands cuffed behind me and ankles chained together. “Come,” Mary said, waving the remote control to my ball shocker in my face and I shuffled out of the kitchen onto the deck. She retrieved the leather strap with the snap lock at one end and attached it to my ball shocker. She then bent down and removed the chain from my ankles. I was led down the stairs and around the corner to the buggy parked under the tree. In a minute or two I was attached to the buggy as I had been the day before, my wrists locked to a broad belt around my waist and the buggy arms also locked to the waist belt. The head harness and bit were fitted and Mary led me back to the stairs where she looped the strap from my leash over the post. She went up the stairs, retrieved my runners and came back to put them on my feet. Without another word, she left me waiting at the foot of the stairs for Joan and went inside.

After about 20 minutes, Joan came out dressed for her trip to town. She was still angry at being called away as she climbed into the buggy. Mary handed her the reins and the strap attached to my balls. Taking up the crop from the floor of the buggy she said to Mary, “I should be back before dark.” A swift blow from the crop had me jumping into action and we were off down the path to the garage. “I am not happy at losing a day of your training,” she snarled as she hit me again. “Hurry up. The sooner I get to town the sooner I can get back and attend to you.”

When we arrived at the garage, Joan jumped out of the cart. “Mary is going to come and get you when she is ready. You will be in her hands for the day. I don’t want to hear that you have been unruly when I get back. You’re actually lucky Mary is here to look after you. Had it been just the two of us, you would have been chained up here for the day while I was away.” She knelt down and took a small snap link from her pocket. “Ankles together” she barked, obviously still annoyed. I complied and she attached the link to the rings on my ankle cuffs securing them close together. I was effectively rendered immobile. With my wrists still locked to the struts of the buggy and the belt around my waist, I was unable to reach down and free my ankles. Finally she took the strap attached to my balls and hooked the loop over a peg in a post nearby. Mercifully there was a bit of slack in the strap but it further restricted my movement. I wasn’t going anywhere until Mary arrived. Joan hopped into the car and drove off down the track leaving me to wait for Mary.

After about a half hour I saw Mary running down the path towards the garage. I was glad to see her as I was getting very uncomfortable standing in the one spot for so long. Also, the bit was becoming very irritating. Mary was wearing a small, tight tank top and very small stretch running shorts. There was obviously no bra beneath the top and her nipples were prominent in the cool morning air. She stopped in front of me and bent over, hands on knees.

“That was hot work,” she declared. “I think I could do with a dip in the creek.”

She unhooked my leash, removed the snap lock from my ankles and jumped onto the buggy. Taking up the reins she guided me down the path in the direction of the main road. I hesitated and she gave me a slap with the crop. I walked on. About halfway back to the road she pulled roughly on the left rein and we headed down a narrow path between the trees. About a hundred metres down the track we came to a clearing and a water hole. Mary pulled on the reins and I came to a halt. She jumped down and led me to the shade of a tree. She tied off the reins and replaced the snap lock to my ankles. I had become used to being securely and strictly restrained in the last 24 hours.

Mary skipped down to the creek and dipped a toe in the water. It looked inviting and I would have liked to dive in myself. As she came back to the shade of the tree she casually removed her top and I got a peek at her lovely breasts as she went behind me. I tried to turn and watch her but the reins stopped me. “No peeking,” she said and I kept my gaze straight ahead. “I don’t want you getting too excited” and before I knew it she had removed her shorts and pulled them over my head, effectively hooding me. I was trying to shake them off when I realised that she had come back around in front of me and was adjusting the shorts so that I had no chance of seeing anything. As she did this she pressed against me and I could feel her breasts, hard nipples and all. I was getting uncomfortably hard and Mary laughed as she ran a finger nail along the underside of my balls and up my now rigid cock. She gave it a gentle squeeze and giggled a bit as I tried to push it further into her hand. She released her grip and giggled again. I struggled to move my head hoping to dislodge the shorts and get a look at her as she laughed again but she had done a good job of securing them.

“Don’t go away. I’ll be back soon.” I heard her giggle and in a few seconds I heard a splash as she jumped into the water. She squealed as she jumped in. I was as frustrated as I have ever been. My cock was rock hard and all I could do was imagine Mary frolicking in the water.

After about 20 minutes Mary came out of the water and back to me, secured under the tree. Without a word she pulled the shorts from my head and slipped them on as she stood in front of me. She took her time doing this and I managed to get a good look at her naked body. She seemed to enjoy showing off and the effect it was having on me. She smiled as she walked behind me and retrieved her top from the buggy. Soon she was dressed and had released my reins and ankle lock. She hopped back into the buggy and firmly pulled the right rein turning my head back towards the path. A smack with the crop had us on our way back to the cabin. This time, Mary was content to travel at an easy pace and hummed to herself as we went. I was thinking of her naked form in front of me at the pond and again I became uncomfortably aroused. When we arrived back, Mary guided me around to the tree by the side of the cabin and hopped out. She released my wrists from the belt but left them locked together behind my back. She removed the belt and the dreaded bridle and bit. It was a great relief. I stepped out of the arms of the buggy and she led me by the leash that was still attached to my ball shocker.

We climbed the stairs to the deck and Mary pulled down the snap lock on the rope from the rafter. She attached the leash to it and pulled it up tight leaving little slack and effectively holding me in place. It was pulling on my balls and without thinking I said “that’s very uncomfortable Mary…”

She turned and glared at me. “Firstly, you were not given permission to speak. Secondly, you accept your slavery without question, and most importantly you refer to me as Mistress or Madam. Aunty Joan will not be pleased.”

I realised my mistake straight away. I was scared and blurted out, “Mistress Mary, I’m sorry. Please forgive me.”

She glared again and I realised I had spoken again without permission. Mary strode away to the cabin and came back with a bottle of water. She held it to my lips and helped me drink. She took away the bottle before it was finished and I looked pleadingly at her for more. She simply turned her back and picked up the ball gag from the table. In no time she had applied it and tightened it severely. I dared not complain. She removed the leash from my balls and took the leash off the rope from the rafters. I now stood very still, naked and gagged and very scared.

“It looks as though you are not such a fast learner after all. On your stomach, now” she said sternly and I obeyed as fast as I could. Mary quickly took the snap ring on the end of the rope and in no time had effectively hogtied me as I had been the afternoon before. Again the rope was pulled tight and I was uncomfortably suspended from the rafters by my ankles and wrists. Only my lower stomach and my upper thighs touched the floor. My cock and balls were squashed under me.

“One hour was obviously not enough of a lesson for you yesterday. We’ll make it two today and see if that has a positive effect on your behaviour.” I moaned as I thought of two hours in this position. I had not meant to be disrespectful or to talk without permission. I had simply forgotten my place. I realised that I would have to be very careful from now on. Thankfully I was not hooded this time. I didn’t know if Mistress Mary…. I realised I had automatically thought of her in those terms ..… had simply forgotten or had been merciful. I settled in as best I could. As she left me on the deck, she pointed the ball shocker at me and held the button down for about five seconds. I squirmed around helplessly and groaned over the gag as she smiled and went inside. I knew that Mary would tell Joan all about my behaviour. I then realised to my dismay that I was most unlikely to receive just a maintenance spanking this evening.
