---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Tatianna''s Task! Part 7: The Wait Part 2'
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FF/f
- FF
- D/s
- bond
- bdsm
- leather
- rope
- gag
- corset
- toys
- oral
- anal
- fist
- cons/nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Tatianna's Task! Part 7: The Wait**](tatiannas_task5.html))

**CHAPTER 7: THE WAIT! - PART 2**

The girl could only watch as Tatianna set up their next session.  She spread a big square of thin plastic sheeting, like painters use, over the carpet in the middle of the living room.  Out on the patio she had found a wrought iron loveseat with polished wooden slats for the seat and she carried it through to set it on the plastic.

The house had come furnished and she didn’t want any problems, like stains on the carpet, with the leasing agent when she turned it back to them.

Amy started to struggle as Tati released her from the handcuffs but the woman was too strong and soon had her seated in the middle of the bench with her arms lashed straight out along the top of the back.  Her knees were then tied and pulled out towards each top back corner.  This made her slip forwards a little until she rested on the back of her ass cheeks.  Tati then fastened Amy’s ankles out to the iron armrests at each end and she was, once again, helpless and completely available.

Leaving her to wonder what was going to happen Tatianna went upstairs to the bedroom and selected her favorite black leather cat suit, her ‘Mistress’ stiletto boots and the braided crop.  She took time with her hair and makeup then literally stalked downstairs again.

Standing behind the love seat Tatianna gripped Amy’s chin with her left hand and pulled her head tightly against her stomach.

“Now we will find out if I have judged you correctly little one.  Have a nice trip my pet.”

The crop whistled down and landed right between the glistening lower lips of the helpless girl.  For just a moment her body went absolutely rigid, then it tried to break the bonds holding it to the wrought iron love seat and a loud wail came through the gag.  The dominatrix struck again and, as the crop landed, she moved her left hand to cover Amy’s mouth and used the thumb and forefinger to pinch her nose.

The crop struck again and suddenly Amy found herself hurtling through an endlessly black mind space towards the most massive orgasm she could imagine.  The crop landed again.  Her lungs could find no air and the pain was exquisite; she exploded.

Tatianna lifted her hand from the girl’s face and watched the love juices dribble from the already swelling lips of the whipped vagina.

“Well I think that proves me correct; you cannot believe how much fun I’m going to have with you Amy.”

Amy heard not a word; she was still in another world.

After that major, and very satisfying, revelation Tatianna allowed Amy to recover for the rest of the day and most of Monday.  She used the padded cuffs to spread eagle the girl face up on her bed with a ring gag in her mouth.  Spreading a soothing salve on the swollen pussy lips the Domme left her to clear up several errands off her list.

These included clearing out and closing Amy’s bank accounts then sorting through all the stuff the girl had bought from her apartment.  Many of the clothes went in bags to be dumped in a charity second hand bin.  Of course, she kept all of the leather clothing, boots and some basic items that would still be needed.

She also used her own laptop to compose a letter that Amy would send to her supervisor at Infocom as soon as the contract had been completed.  In it she offered her resignation and explained that she had been offered a job in Florida and decided to take it.  She also noted that it had nothing to do with any areas of interest to Infocom and therefore she would not be breaking the ‘no compete’ clause she had signed when hired.

Tati thought that was a nice touch!
Late on Monday afternoon she went to work getting Amy ready for Anne’s visit.

She was watching from the front window as the other dominatrix arrived and met her at the door.  Anne was wearing a belted slate gray leather coat with a wide, fur lined, cowl collar.  Tied neatly under her chin was a silk headscarf that Tati knew was right off the selves of the certain store in Paris. Over one shoulder was a big Gucci handbag and she carried a large suitcase in her right hand. Tati reached for the suitcase and carried in to the hallway then closed the door and greeted her guest with a hug and kiss.

Anne had not seen Tatianna in full Domme gear and nodded her approval of the black leather cat suit and laced knee boots.  She put the handbag on a side table and took off her coat with a big smile; under it she was wearing exactly the same thing.

“I thought there might be the opportunity to play a little this evening so I decided to dress appropriately Tatianna.”

“I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t have some fun after we get business out of the way.  Where do you usually play?”

“There’s no reason you shouldn’t know, I have my own dungeon in the basement of the store.  Some of my customers have, shall we say, more personal kinks that I am able to satisfy for them.  Now, where is your little sub?”

Tatianna picked up the suitcase and waved towards the stairs down to the recreation room.  She poured them each a glass of wine then moved over to open the door to the unfinished section of the basement.

Anne studied the naked figure in front of her with a professional eye and moved closer to get a better look.

Amy’s arms were held stretched straight out from her shoulders with cord from a cuff on each wrist around two support posts about eight feet apart.  Her legs were spread and the ankle cuffs clipped with short lengths of chain to ring bolts in the floor.  There was a large ring gag behind her teeth and she was blindfolded.

To hold the girl standing upright and stop her from slumping Tati had braided a leather thong in Amy’s hair at the top of her head.  The braid was then wound a couple of times through a large metal ring and the end of the braid cinched back on itself.   A cord ran from the hair ring to a hook in the rafter directly over her head then down to another hook on the wall where it was pulled taut and tied off.

“Are those earplugs effective Tati?”

“Very effective Anne.  What I do is roll a small piece of cotton wool into a ball, dip it in olive oil and pack it in next to the eardrum.  Then the rubber plug goes in.  When a submissive is not wearing a helmet I find that method completely effective.”

“Interesting, I must remember that one.”  Anne ran a couple of fingers around Amy’s vagina.  “Nice and smooth, I love that and the lips a little swollen.  How long ago.”  Anne’s questions were obviously out of professional interest.

“Yesterday morning.   Four strikes with a braided crop and a little bit of breath play; she came like a bitch in heat.”

“That sounds very promising for you.  It should make it much easier to train her to your standards.”
 
Anne took a sip of her wine then handed the glass to Tati and reached into her handbag for a notebook, pencil and measuring tape.

The best part of fifteen minutes later she had everything she needed except for two measurements that would have to wait.

She moved back into the recreation room and took a seat to study the figures in her book.  Accepting a fresh glass from Tati she grinned up at the statuesque leather clad Domme.

“Well maybe we will get a chance to play tonight; I have a nice surprise for you.  That full torso bondage corset you liked so much will fit your playmate perfectly and it is right there in the suitcase.  I had a hunch it would be a close fit so I bought it along just in case.”

Tatianna gave Anne a decidedly more than friendly kiss and then turned to open the case.  Right on top was a bundle of black leather covered with several straps.  Two or three coils of black lacing came out with it.

“Actually, Tati, it is just as well I am here. That piece is fairly complicated and much easier to fit on an unwillingly recipient when there are two, especially the first time.  If we get her in that and the discipline helmet I sold you she will make a very pretty picture and I can get the last two measurements I need.”

Tatianna topped up their glasses, looked at Anne for a long moment, and then spoke.

“Why don’t we take our time with Amy and you plan to stay the night.  That way we can enjoy our wine without you worrying about driving and whatever happens happens OK?”

“Sounds like a plan Tati, excuse me for a moment.”  She pulled out her cell phone and made arrangements for her senior manager to open the store in the morning.

“OK let’s get started.  We also need a pair of shoulder length gloves for the outfit.”

While Tati went upstairs to get the gloves and helmet Anne started to release Amy from the ankle chains and undid the cord around the posts then efficiently clipped the wrist cuffs together behind her back.  She was unhooking the hair ring as Tati came back and the two of them moved the blind, deaf and ring gagged girl into the comfort of the carpeted room.

Tatianna had also thought to pick up a plug for the ring gag and she screwed it in place.

The two leather-clad tormentors forced their victim to the floor then Tati looked at Anne with a raised eyebrow.

“Gloves first.”

Working easily together they soon had the long kid leather gloves on her arms and laced up almost to her armpits.  Anne shook out the leather bundle and opened the back.  Tati moved behind and held Amy’s arms out so Anne could slide them into the elbow length leather sleeves on the corset and then pulled the sides up and over her shoulders.

They laced the corset sleeves over the top of the leather gloves and then worked Amy’s breasts through the openings in the chest panel of the corset.  They each worked on making sure her tits were fully exposed then tightened narrow straps around their bases.

Easily flipping Amy over on her stomach they temporarily tied her wrists to opposite front legs of the couch.  Anne pulled and adjusted the heavily boned leather until she was satisfied it was properly positioned. Tati held Amy’s head still while Anne fitted the neck corset under the girl’s chin and fastened the straps across the back.  It was just snug enough, but also boned, so that it would not close any further and affect the wearer’s windpipe. She flipped several other panels of leather out of the way then gave Tati a bundle of the black laces and indicated she should start at the top.

“Just get the laces threaded through the grommets while I hold the edges Tati.  Take that piece down to her waist and then start a new piece at the bottom and up to her waist just as you normally would with any corset.”

Tati just nodded and started feeding a new lace where the edges of the leather were right at the top of Amy’s buttocks.

Sitting on the floor on either side of the helpless girl they started pulling on the laces.  Anne had a small hook with a handle that she used to slide under each lace and pull as they kept up the tension.  Slowly but inevitably the edges of the corset came together and finally met.  They tied off the laces and Anne used her tape measure.

“Not too bad Tati.  Twenty-four and a half inches down to an even twenty, that’s good for the first time.  Have you had her in a reverse prayer yet?”

“No, I was going easy on her until the last couple of days but she is very flexible so there shouldn’t be a problem.”

“I hope not because that is what this piece of equipment is all about. Let’s get her arms up behind her and slide her fingers in these sockets built in just at the shoulder blades.”

Obviously enjoying themselves the two each untied one of Amy’s arms, forced it around then up her back and in position.   Groans greeted this process. Tati held both of the girl’s wrists while Anne buckled a wide strap across the elbows pulling them almost together.  With the arms held motionless they easily worked the fingers into the leather sockets and laced each one tightly. They buckled additional straps across the wrists.

Now Anne pulled one of the extra leather panels, which was attached along the shoulder line just in front of the collarbone, back over Amy’s left shoulder.  It covered the laced fingers and hand down to another smaller flap with a row of metal grommets on the right side of the corset’s waist.  Needing no instructions Tati laced the two pieces together then waited while Anne pulled a similar panel over the girl’s other shoulder and down to the left side.  A few moments and that one was also laced in place.

While Anne checked that everything was fitting where it was supposed to and that there was no give in the fastenings Tati took hold of Amy’s hair braid, pulled her head up and made sure that the now panting girl was getting enough air through her nose.

Satisfied she got up and opened a new bottle of wine from the bar fridge.  Sitting down next to Anne she handed her a glass and then, after taking a sip from her own glass, slid her arm around the leather covered shoulders and pulled her in for a very passionate lip lock.

After a minute or so Anne pulled back.

“We had better finish with your sub’s bondage Tati that way we can enjoy ourselves in comfort.”

Reluctantly Tati agreed and they turned back to the figure on the floor.  The over the shoulder leather panels covered the little bulges made by her fingers and now Anne positioned the final two pieces of leather, that were attached down each side of the garment, over the already constrained arms of the girl.

“More lacing Tati and we can make her arms almost disappear under these last panels.”

And they almost did.  Tatianna was amazed when, as Anne held the girl up, she studied Amy from directly in front and it seemed like she had no arms.  Just that tightly fitted leather with her swollen breasts bulging out.  It was indeed an amazing piece of fetish work and worth every penny.  She felt a very warm sensation in her groin but fought it down until they had finished.

Anne undid Amy’s hair braid while Tati removed her gag and held a bottle of water to the girl’s lips.  Between sips they both heard the “Oh God, please stop.” A new large rubber plug was forced back between her teeth and Tati found the nostril tubes.  Between them they soon had everything in place and Anne was lacing the helmet down the back with the blindfold still underneath covering the eyes.

They were able to lace the bottom of the helmet over the neck corset and buckle a strap around them to hold everything neatly in place.  Tati positioned the gag strap across Amy’s mouth and Anne fastened it at the back of her head.  From the top of her head to her buttocks Amy was a helpless vision of very, very tight leather.

“Now I need to get those last two measurements Tatianna so we know what size toys she can handle; do you have a pair of rubber gloves handy?”

They were soon found along with a jar of lubricant.

Tati knelt over Amy facing Anne, who was positioned between the girl’s legs, and reaching down pushed one of her arms under each of Amy’s knees then pulled back up and locked her hands together.  Both of Amy’s lower entrances made themselves available for Anne’s ministrations.

The Domme went to work after bringing over several different sized plugs and dildos from the suitcase.

“This will be another new experience for her I expect.  Not too many newbees have been fisted.”

She looked at Tati.

“With your permission Mistress?”

“Go ahead and thank you for your courtesy.” Replied Tatianna.

Anne started with Amy’s rear channel and working in first one finger, then another and finally the rest of her hand almost to the wrist.

“A nice snug fit Tati and I can’t feel any abnormalities.  Please have that largest plug ready when I pull out.”

Anne held Amy’s leg when Tati let go of it and rammed in the oversized rubber plug.  She pointed Anne towards the powder room so she could wash off the glove.

“There is a new model butt plug on the market Tati for the very serious players.  The circular rubber flange at the base is lined with surgical quality needles just over a quarter of an inch long.   The plug goes in and then, as the anus closes over the narrower part in front of the base, the needles penetrate the skin in a circle around the rosebud.  They are not long enough to do any real damage but, in such a tender spot, you can imagine the possibilities.”

For a moment Tati got a faraway look in her eyes.  “Oh yeah, I can indeed.”

Now Anne worked her fingers and hands up inside Amy’s love tunnel but, this time, having a touch of sympathy and Tati’s approval, she worked her fingers until Amy’s reaction showed that her G spot had been found and she bought her off.

Tati had little trouble holding on to Amy as she tried to bounce around with her orgasm.  Anne inserted a small plug in the urethra then pushed in a large knobbed dildo and reached into the suitcase for a locking chastity belt.

“We can do either her regular boots or I have a pair of ballet boots in the case that are probably a bit too small.”  Anne had a finger to her chin and was talking as much to herself as Tati.

“I would love to try her in the ballet boots Anne.  I have some beautiful ones in my own dungeon back East but none here with me.”

The suitcase was almost empty after Anne produced a thigh length pair of black ballet boots and they forced Amy’s feet into incredible arches to get them on her.  The women started lacing one boot each, pulling the edges together as they smoothed the supple leather up the legs.  At the top they pulled straps tightly around the thighs to cover the top of the laces then Anne produced four, foot long, pieces of metal rod.

“Another improvement Tati.  These rods slide into the long, thin pockets down the inside and outside of the boots at the knee and make it impossible for the wearer to bend their legs.”

With the rods in place they studied the motionless form stretched out on the floor as they finished their drinks.

Finally, Tatianna decided.

“I think that the latex hobble skirt you sold her would finish that picture off very nicely.  Then we can stand her against the foot rail of my bed and tie her there to spend a very uncomfortable night like a good little submissive.  The skirt is upstairs anyway so let’s carry her up there.”

Amy’s form was stiff as a board as they each picked up an end and moved her to the bedroom.  The snug skirt in place and belted around the girl’s much reduced waist, Anne also closed the strap built into the bottom hem tightly around the ankles.

They positioned the girl against the middle of the foot rail, balanced on the ridiculously high heels and her toes, facing the bed.  A couple of pieces of cord from each side of the waist belt to the rail were all that was needed to hold her in place.

The two leather clad dominatrix congratulated each other on a job well done with a long, lingering kiss.  As things started to get heated they broke apart just long enough to get off the laced stiletto heeled boots then resumed the lip lock as they found strategic zippers and buckles on each other’s suit.

Both of them were very experienced lovers and knew exactly how to push just the right buttons as their naked bodies entwined on the bed.

Later, as they lay cuddling and satiated under a satin sheet Tatianna told Anne about the thought she had while they were working on Amy.

”It seems to me you have the best of most worlds Anne.  You own a very successful specialty store that not only supplies the needs of customers but also the clients you accommodate in your dungeon.  On top of that you get to pick and choose from a constant supply of possible playmates.  I’m thinking of settling down and funds are not a problem.  I already have my own dungeon that is well equipped but only used occasionally a couple of States east of here.  If I decide to expand would you give me the benefit of your retail experience to get started?”

“Of course I’d be happy to help.  We will be far enough apart not to be in competition but close enough to support each other.  We might also consider offering a new service where we both work on a client for special sessions.  That could be very lucrative.”

She studied the immobile leather encased form standing at the foot of the bed and felt a familiar warmth growing.

“Let’s talk business in the morning.”

Tati turned out the light.

When Anne was pulling on her coat the next morning Tati handed her an envelope stuffed with cash.

“That should cover what I owe you for now.”

“Thank you and thank you for a lovely evening.  The rest of the items you ordered should be in Friday so how about I come back here on Sunday.”

“We can make sure everything fits.” She added with a grin!

“Deal.” Said Tati and gave her a kiss.

After Anne left Tati went back upstairs to start getting Amy out of the mess she was in.

The rest of the week passed quickly.  Tatianna played with Amy but also let her relax and recover, albeit bound hand and foot, from what had been a very extreme session.  She got rid of Amy’s car for a few hundred dollars and made sure any other of the girl’s ties to the city were erased.

In quiet times she thought more and more about retiring from the industrial espionage business and starting her own fetish store and active dungeon.

Anne arrived mid-morning the next Sunday and they had a marvelous time trying everything on Amy.  She, however, did not enjoy her day.  Lunch for the submissive girl was spent under the table.  With her arms tied elbow to elbow, a ring gag in her mouth, her face jammed in Anne’s vagina and Tati’s booted toe tapping on the butt plug jammed inside her.
“Use you tongue and make our guest feel welcome Amy.” She ordered constantly.

Twice during the meal Anne’s eyes closed, her mouth stopped chewing and a shudder went though her entire body.

“Good girl Amy I know just how we are going to reward you.” Said Tati.

Tatianna’s idea of a reward was for the two lesbians to force her feet in the crushing ballet boots again; this time with a two foot long spreader bar between her ankles.  Her hands were forced into fists then taped until they became useless balls.

In a different version of the single arm binder they bent her arms at the elbows and tied her wrists together up between her shoulder blades.  A shorter leather sheath was pulled down over her arms to the elbows and then they worked at the laces until they achieved a very effective reverse prayer.

Other than that, and the boots, she was naked from the neck down.  From the neck up however things were different.  They had packed her mouth with a hard rubber plug then taped her lips shut.  Tati’s special earplugs and the nostril tubes were in place and then a thick rubber cap over her head.  Tucking in her hair they laced the leather discipline helmet on, fitted the blindfold and tightened the gag strap.  Once again she was deaf, dumb, blind and helpless.

What she couldn’t see was her two insatiable Mistresses stripping naked and unwrapping a present Anne had bought for Tati.   They were two double ended, battery driven strap on dildos.  Neither need lubrication, they were making enough of their own, as they worked the shorter prongs up inside their vaginas; making sure a small cup like flange was covering their nubs.

Pulling the straps tight the two lovers got in the mood with several intimate, tongue nipping kisses then moved over to pull Amy up between them.  Tati waited as Anne positioned, and held, the head of her strap on against the bound girl’s puckered rosebud.  Then she did the same with hers at the entrance to Amy’s love tunnel.

They leaned their heads forwards over Amy’s right shoulder and kissed again.  Without breaking lip contact Anne mumbled, “On three.”

“One, two, three.”

They both shoved their hips forwards and Amy became the living filling in a dominatrix sandwich.

With the dildos both firmly embedded they reached down and flicked on the battery switches.  As they coordinated their strokes the cups over their clits began to vibrate sending impossibly sensuous thrills through their bodies.

As their climaxes became closer and closer the three bodies fell sideways on the bed with the two on the outside of the sandwich frantically building speed as they rammed the hard rubber dildos in and out of the one in the middle.

The orgasms were mind shattering and afterwards they smiled weakly at each other.

“I liked that game Anne, let’s do it again when we get our breath.”

And they did, several times!

**CHAPTER 8 – THE PAYOFF!**

The following Sunday morning Tatianna got the E-mail she wanted.  The other fifty percent of the contract money had been paid to her off shore account.

Two days later the van was packed, it would be returned to the leasing company at their location near Tati’s home.  They had picked up her car and the rental agent had inspected the house.  He never did see Amy where Tati had hidden her.  She had phoned the security company who kept an eye on her home, and the maid service, to let them know she was on the way.

Anne had helped her wrap Amy into a leather covered ball with her arms locked across under her knees and her ankles strapped to her thighs.  Gagged and her head laced in the favorite discipline helmet she would be happy when the sixteen hour drive was finished.

As she pulled out of the driveway Tatianna looked forward to Anne coming to visit her in a few weeks.  Once she got set up in her new business she would need someone to model all the toys and equipment for the store and the dungeon.

She took one hand off the wheel and stroked the leather covered head of the form crouched on the floor behind the passenger seat.

Tatianna knew exactly who that would be!

11.12.09

o0o
