---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mind_diary_of_a_judicial_slave6.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 642, Mind Diary of a Judicial Slave
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- fpov
- slave
- training
- oral
- shave
- prison
- buttplug
- anal
- nc
- XXX
date: 2026-02-21 00:00:00
---

### Chapter Six - *Runaway Slave*

#### **Cycle 4378, Day 201**

It has been almost three weeks since I was with my Master. I find myself almost hungering for him. It is as if I need him inside me. I find myself getting wet when I remember our last night together. I was so hoping that he would send for me again, but the very next morning he left on urgent business... or at least that is what he told Mooreena, the house administrator, to tell everyone.

Mooreena isn’t a slave. She is one of Master’s employees. Madame Loretta said that Mooreena has been with Master for many years. She is not a young woman. Her hair is gray and there is a certain look to her face which indicates significant age. Her body, however, is very trim and almost youthful. I don’t know if that is from surgeries or some of the anti-aging medicines or perhaps just because she swims and works out in Master’s gym several hours each day.

According to Madame Loretta, Mooreena’s husband was killed in a mining accident. He had been a shift supervisor and was down in the mine investigating some problems when there was an explosion. For some reason, Master felt responsible and took care of her and her children. She had no skills, but he paid for her education and hired her when she had completed her schooling as a management administrator. When I asked Madame Loretta when that had happened, she just laughed and said, “Long before my time, shishi, and slaves should not ask so many questions.”

My training has been continuing. Madame Loretta says that a slave’s training is never finished and she keeps proving that by thinking up new things that I– or my body– must learn. This past week she has had me learning to “deep throat” a dildo without gagging or tightening up my throat. I don’t like it, but Madame Loretta said that some men enjoy it. I asked her if Master did and she just laughed. Then she said, “Tell me if you find out.”

The first time the machine forced the dildo all the way down my throat I threw up. I did the same thing the second and the third and even the fourth time, but then I learned to let it slide down my throat without gagging. After that, it was just a matter of learning to relax my muscles. At one point Madame Loretta said that she should use the shock dildo on my throat like she used to train my cunt to milk my Master. When I gasped and fought to hold back my tears she began laughing and said, “Don’t worry, shishi, that will not be necessary.” She paused and then said, “Besides it doesn’t work. I tried that back when I was training the girls for my place.” She touched my throat and said, “Up there you just have to learn to relax things and let nature take its course.”

As she lowered her hand, I asked, “How did you go from being a Madam to being a slave?” Then I gasped. It had just come out of my mouth like my thoughts had when my lifepack was offline. I dropped to the floor in a pose of full submission and sobbed out, “I am sorry, Madame Loretta. I didn’t mean to say that. I will accept any punishment you decree.”

She reached down and stroked my hair softly. “Do not worry, shishi. I will not punish you. But I also will not answer your question. Someday I will tell you, but some things are dangerous to know.”

I was still kneeling on the floor when an announcement came over the house speakers. “Would slaves lucida and shishi please report to the house administrator.”

I looked up at Madame Loretta. She nodded and said, “You are dismissed.”

I jumped to my feet and ran to the office which was located near the front doors of Master’s house. I waited outside the door until lucida caught up with me. Then we entered the office together.

Mooreena was sitting behind her desk. “Slave stephanie has burned her foot,” she said brusquely. “She was careless with some boiling water in the kitchen. I need you to go to the market for fresh meat for tonight’s meal.”

“Yes, Ma’am,” I answered dutifully.

“Master Karl has ordered that you not go anywhere alone, so slave lucida will accompany you,” she added. “The order is placed at the market and recorded in your lifepack public area.” She paused a moment and then said, “Well... go.”

I hurried out the door but then remembered that I could only go as fast as lucida’s hobble chains would allow. I stopped and waited for her to catch up and then walked slowly with her toward the meat market. We were about two blocks from the market when my lifepack suddenly projected a message in front of me. It was from Mooreena and said that I needed to hurry. I was going to reply and say that I could go no faster than lucida when an additional message appeared. It said, “Leave lucida behind if you must, but run to the market.”

I told lucida that I would be right back and began running toward the market. I knew that the order had already been placed by Mooreena and she would have indicated that I was picking it up. So, all I had to do was enter the market and wait for them to hand me the package. But that isn’t what happened.

As soon as I stepped through the door of the market an alarm began sounding and a rough voice blared over the speakers, “Runaway slave on premises! Runaway slave on premises!”

I stood very still and tried to stay out of the way so the runaway could be apprehended. But then two burly security officers grabbed me and said loudly, “Got her!”

“I’m not a runaway,” I said. “I am here to pick up something for my Master’s house.”

“Tell it to the judge!” one of them said roughly as he dragged me outside and threw me into a hover cell. It whooshed away and within a minute I was deposited in the slave cells at the security office. Now I am standing in front of a judge. He looks familiar. Perhaps he is the same judge as when I was first tried.

“This is an open and shut case,” he practically snarls. “Her lifepack records her desire to escape. She ran from the slave who was supposed to watch over her. It wasn’t until the alarm sounded that she ducked into a local market and attempted to pretend she was just there to pick up something.”

“No defense,” the young man standing next to me says curtly. Evidently he is supposed to be my lawyer.

The judge bangs his gavel and declares loudly, “Since she is a judicial slave, her purchase will have to be negated, but that shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Nooooo!” I wail. “I am loyal to Master Karl. I would never run away. Ask him... please.”

“We would,” the judge replies, frowning at me, “but unfortunately, Master Karl Burcroft was a passenger aboard the starliner Majestic which was lost with all hands yesterday on a run between Farpost and Home Planet. Maybe you already knew that and saw it as an opportunity to escape.”

“Noooo!” I again wail. “Master cannot be dead. Master cannot be dead! He can’t be! He can’t be! He can’t be!”

I am still sobbing heavily as they take me to the prison area. As the guard shoves me through the gate he says roughly, “Delouse and shear her. Then put her in with the rest of the scum.” He stops for a moment as if listening to something on his lifepack and then says, “No, put her in one of the dark cells.”

I am pushed into a small room where a bored-looking slave grabs my rope and cuts it off at the top of my neck. Then he shoves my head into a strange-looking metal mask. There is a loud buzzing sound and an even louder scream– mine– as the device cuts my hair off at scalp level. Once my head is totally bald the device is removed and I stand sobbing. The guard who has been pushing me from place to place again grabs my arms and pushes me through a thick iron door. A sign above the door says, “Dark Cell Number 6.”

---

I had never heard of the dark cells before, not even in the whispers of the other slaves while I was originally awaiting trial and purchase. It is like my Master’s bedroom. It can shield the slaves from the Farpost central computers. As soon as I was pushed through the heavy iron door my lifepack went offline.

“Welcome to hell,” one of the prisoners said. The stench was terrible. It was a mixture of unwashed flesh and open waste containers.

A female prisoner looked at me and said, “Maybe they will send you to the mines... if you survive.”

A different male prisoner reached up and stroked my face and said, “We don’t get pleasure slaves in here very often.” He laughed. It was a very evil laugh. “If you give us enough pleasure, you might survive to be sent to the mines.” He laughed again and then said, “Or you might be lucky enough to die here first.”

I was terrified. One very large, brutish looking man stood up and said, “I claim first fuck.”

“Of course, slave-lord,” one of the others quickly replied.

“What do you want me to do?” I asked. I could feel my body quaking in fear and my voice was practically squeaking.

The one called ‘slave-lord’ sat on a short wooden stool and said, “I want you to sit on me and then squirm in pain and pleasure until I am satisfied.”

I didn’t know what he meant until he grabbed me and pulled me toward him. “She’s got a plug!” one of the women yelled out. “I claim it,” she said quickly as she reached up between my legs and roughly pulled the ass plug out. “Pretty,” she said as she walked back into the darkness.

“You ought to be ready,” slave-lord said as he pulled me back and pushed me down on his enormous prick. He must have been lubricated in some fashion because he slid in fairly easily. If I hadn’t had so much training in controlling my muscles it might have really hurt rather than just being very uncomfortable.

“Now what?” I said softly.

“Now,” he growled into my ear, “they get to play with you and make you dance for me.”

Two of the male slaves stepped forward and grabbed my breasts. They each had a breast held firmly in their hands. They pulled them out as far as they could and then began pulling and twisting my nipples. I tried to scream, but another of the men was pushing his hand against my neck, cutting off my breath. I didn’t pass out, but I was wishing that I would.

Then one of the female prisoners crawled up between my legs and started licking me. She was suckling on my clit and ramming her face rhythmically into my cunt. I was able to twist my face around for a moment and could see that there was a male slave behind her ramming into her as she tongued me. She was groaning and clamping down harder and harder on my clit with her mouth as the man behind her grunted and then fell across her back.

Meanwhile the two men mauling my breasts continued to twist and tweak. I was writhing in pain... and pleasure... just like slave-lord said I would be doing. Then I could feel that massive prick inside my ass start to twitch.

The prisoner who called himself slave-lord suddenly grunted loudly and stood up, pulling me up with him. He was holding me tight to his groin with his hands on my hips. It hurt a lot since my weight was now basically supported by his prick in my ass. I screamed and he began laughing. He continued laughing as he carried me around the dim cell, thrusting every so often as someone in the darkness called out to him.

After he had walked twice or maybe three times around the large cell, he grabbed me by the throat and lifted me up off of his prick. I hung there dangling a foot or two off of the ground. I could barely breathe, but I whispered, “Please don’t kill me.”

That brought another laugh from slave-lord. “Why do you think they put you in here?” he growled. “We’ve even been promised better food if you disappear forever into the darkness of this cell.”

At first I thought the lack of air to my brain was causing me to hallucinate because I clearly heard Master shout out, “Put her down if you want to live!”

I dropped onto my ass on the hard concrete floor.

“What is it to you?!” slave-lord growled out as he turned to face the open door.

An energy bolt flashed across the room and slave-lord crumpled to the ground. “She is my slave,” Master said firmly as he stepped over to where I was sitting dazed on the ground. “If you touch her again... or even think about her... I will come back. And my energy weapon will not be set on disable.”

He picked me up and threw me over his shoulder. Four of his bodyguards stepped into the room with large bolt rifles aimed at the cowering prisoners. Two more stood just outside the door. A female slave stepped up timidly and held up something in her hand.

“This is hers,” she said softly. “It was taken and claimed by slave-mistress, but she threw it away as soon as you fired on slave-lord.” Nodding at me, she added, “I think she would be sad if she lost it.”

It was my butt plug. Master smiled at the young slave and said, “Come with us. I will arrange it with the warden.”

Then still carrying me, he, the six bodyguards, and the female slave walked out of the prison. I didn’t believe that any of it was real until we got back to Master’s house and he turned me over to Madame Loretta.

“Tend to her wounds,” he said softly, “and treat her for any possible infections.” Then he pointed to the female prisoner and said, “And clean this one up and evaluate her. If she is as I think, her name is now soft heart and she will be a probationary part of this household.”

Slave soft heart dropped to the floor in full submission position and said, “Thank you, Master. I will not disappoint you. I pledge my loyalty to you now and forever.”

“You may rise,” Master said softly. Then he turned to Madame Loretta and said, “Report to me once you have determined what happened today.”

“Yes, Master Karl,” Madame Loretta said. I wasn’t fully conscious, but through half-open eyes I could see both Master’s and Madame Loretta’s faces. There was an anger that I had never seen before on both their faces.

Madame Loretta’s face suddenly softened when she realized that I was looking at her. She pressed something against my arm and said, “Sleep now. I just gave you a mild sedative. We will talk when you have recovered.”
