---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Total Enclosure
authors:
- Mummygirl
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- mum
- wrap
- latex
- encased
- plaster
- buried
- cons XX
---

Both Kerry and Sara were into bondage in a big way, both were very
fond of mummification bondage. The girls had planed to have a bondage session
this coming weekend and Kerry was going to organize it.  As Kerry
was the most experienced in bondage out of the two lovers she usually took
the dominate role, she had always said it was in her nature anyway and
loved to see what positions she could put Sara into.  The girls had
been experimenting with extreme encasement and where running out of new
things to try, Kerry was forced to search the web to find some new techniques
and ideas - this is when she struck on an ingenious plan to beat all previous
bondage and mummification sessions she would call it TOTAL ENCLOSURE.

The weekend finally arrived and Sara was shaking with excitement over
what Kerry had planned for her, Kerry had gone out to buy supplies for
the weekend and had left a note for Sara…

*Dear Sara*
*My slave, I have gone to get supplies for tonight when I come back
I expect the work to be done and the front room covered in the decorators
sheets, and I want you to dig a hole in the back garden big enough to accommodate
the sarcophagus we brought back from Egypt - I will explain later, be ready.*
*Kerry.*

As Sara had already finished the housework she decided to finish
her final task, although she did not know what the sheets where for she
dutifully covered the front room entirely in the sheets and waited for
her mistress to return.  Kerry returned around six in the afternoon,
it was still light outside but starting to fade as the sun set, she quickly
unloaded the boot of the car and got Sara to carry the items inside.

“Now the fun begins my slave, now the fun begins,” said Kerry as she
shut the door to the front room.

Kerry instructed Sara to strip whilst she changed, Kerry changed in
to a shiny pvc catsuit with built in butt plug and 10” vibrator to be used
at her control, she also wore thigh high black leather boots and latex
gloves with no fingers to let her ruby red nails show through. By the time
Kerry had changed her slave was completely naked and dripping with anticipation.

“Now I shall unveil my master plan my slave, the plan is called ‘total
enclosure!’”

Sara nearly had an orgasm as she heard this.

“Slave,” Kerry commanded, “you will experience a combination of everything
we have experimented with over the last few months and more, can you handle
this?”

“Yes mistress!” Sara answered with passion,

“Then let us begin slave”

Kerry started to unpack the first of many boxes her slave had unloaded
from the car, the first box contained several jars of liquid latex, Kerry
slowly poured every last drop of the liquid latex over Sara’s naked body
including her face. To prevent her hair from being damaged a swimming cap
was placed over Sara's hair and then covered in the thick substance. 
It did not take long for the latex to dry and Sara’s body was now that
of shiny black and barby pink latex.  Kerry now opened the second
box to reveal three items, the first was a butt plug nearly 10 inches long.
Sara nearly shrieked out loud, half out of fear the other of pleasure and
excitement. The second object was a dildo with random vibrating times and
settings to torment and please; it was nearly 14 inches long! The third
was a ring gag made of black leather and shiny steel.

Kerry slowly coated the two probes with a mixture of strong super glue
and the rest of the liquid latex and slowly, ever so slowly inserted them
in to her slaves anus and cunt, Sara was so filled up on the inside that
both dildo and butt plug met inside her with only a few centimetres of
flesh separating the two sex probes. The ring gag was covered in the same
substance and slowly inserted into her mouth and tightly fastened around
her latex enclosed head. It was only a few minutes before all three objects
had dried solid, secured in place.

Mistress Kerry now opened the third box to produce large quantities
of saran, pallet, and shrink wrap, a few rolls of silver kitchen foil and
nearly 20 rolls of black, silver and pink duct and pvc tape. There was
also a large container of wall paper paste and some wall paper, Sara moaned
with pleasure at the wonderful sight.  Kerry started to wrap Sara
with the kitchen foil totally enclosing all her limbs separately, not together
she secured these with a roll and layer of pink duct tape.

After the two layers of foil Kerry started to cover Sara in saran wrap,
nearly 500 meters, the wrap was applied very tight and always secured with
a layer of duct tape.  After all the saran, pallet and shrink wrap
had been used and all the duct tape and most of the pvc tape mistress Kerry
took out a high powered hair dryer and started to heat the entire mass
that was Sara.  The heat started to shrink Sara’s body shaped cocoon
in to a normal size person, even though Sara had nearly 25 layers covering
her, she was still the same size as normal.

Kerry now proceeded to wrap her slaves legs together with ace bandages
securing with tape as she went, the bandages reached all the way up to
Sara’s cunt before Kerry stopped.  She now took her slaves arms and
crossed them over her chest and wrapped the torso in bandages and then
finally the head. The only part of Sara's body which was still uncovered
was her nostril openings and her mouth, Kerry proceeded to put an inflatable
gag in to her slaves mouth and inflate it to full capacity, Sara would
have moaned if she could have but the gag completely filled her mouth.
Kerry attached two tubes to Sara’s nose and the proceeded to completely
encase her head in ace bandages.  Sara now looked like an Egyptian
mummy, this was soon to change.  Kerry produced from the final box
two large packages of plaster of Paris and a sack of cement mix.

Kerry momentarily left the room and returned laden with a large sarcophagus
and this was placed on a trolley made of shining steel.  With great
difficulty she managed to place her slave/mummy into the sarcophagus and
proceeded to fill the whole thing with plaster completely covering Sara
in her mummified form, only the two breathing tubes emerging from the sarcophagus. 
Kerry now secured the lid with nails and wheeled the extremely heavy mass
into the back garden to the hole that Sara had dug as one of her chores,
she was now placed into it.  Mistress Kerry now proceeded to fill,
completely, the hole with the cement mixture and let it set.

The ground was later grassed over, apart from two things the first was
two small ends of pipes jutting out of the ground and the second a small
plaque, which read---

HERE LIES SLAVE SARA BURIED MARCH 4 2001 FRIDAY 6.00PM, UNTILL????????? 
SUBJECT OF MISTRESS KERRYS TOTAL ENCLOSURE

22/06/01
