---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Not Just Your Regular Shop
authors:
- MrJohnSmith
tags:
- F/f+
- bond
- anal
- denial
- insert
- oral
- threesome
- armbinder
- analhook
- collar
- gag
- leash
- ring-gag
- rope
- susp
- shop
- captive
- collar
- leather
- strapon
- toys
- trick
- reluct
- nc
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

Alex, like many twenty-somethings, didn’t know what she wanted to do with her life after university. Whilst many of her classmates signed their souls away to big corporate firms or jetted off to the Global South to Instagram their rediscovery, she had neither the want for the former nor the money for the latter. So, she watched as her friends moved on while she demurred over what to do.

Rather than face the humiliating prospect of moving back in with her parents, she decided to stick it out in London. But that meant finding a job. Loath to find yet another gastronomy gig with shitty wages, she scoured the job sites until she came across an ad for a sales assistant at a boutique sex shop. She was surprised at the candour of the shop – most of the time these places described themselves as “fashion stores” or something more discreet. But that wasn’t all. This place stated proudly that it was a women’s only sex shop: strictly no men allowed. The more Alex read about this place, the more she was interested. The pay was good. She wouldn’t have to deal with sleazy college guys leering at her. And she would be empowering women to embrace their sexuality (which was what a Gender Studies graduate should do, shouldn’t they?). After little deliberation, she sent in an application, and the next week she was invited for an interview.

Fast forward, and Alex was celebrating the end of her first week of work. The shop was nondescript from the outside but elegantly laid out within. It housed everything you might expect a sex shop to have and more. There were dildos, vibrators, butt plugs, lingerie, boots, corsets, whips, paddles, gags, collars, restraints, and some stuff she still wasn’t wholly familiar with. There were even a couple of playrooms in the back, where couples could go in and test out products before they bought. So far, she had only sold a few vibrators and dildos to some meek looking 40-year-olds who seemed reassured the sales assistant was someone younger than them. The rest of the time Alex spent doing inventory, which meant looking closely at all the exotic products and imagining what it would be like to use them – and be used by them – when she heard the bell above the front-door jingle.

Two women roughly the same age as Alex walked in the shop. Both immediately started giggling and laughing amongst themselves, completely ignoring Alex as they walked by. Alex recognised them straight away. All three of them had gone to the same school. Cara had been in Alex’s year, and Emma the year above. She recognised them immediately because they had barely changed their look. Cara had that slender blonde look that reminded people of Anna Taylor Joy. Her effortlessly skinny physique always provoked envy amongst the rest of the girls in the year, and her time spent dancing ballet gave her an elegant waltz. Emma was everything Cara was not. With a large bust, she had been the first one in her year to start wearing bras and was always eager to show off her extensive underwear collection. Even now Alex could recognise she was wearing one of her signature thongs, obviously visible between her denim shorts and skimpy crop top. Alex held her breath: serving these two wasn’t exactly how she was hoping to finish off her week, especially given what Emma had done to Alex’s best friend Megan.

After the two had controlled their giggles and snorts to manageable levels, they marched over to Alex.

“Excuse me, my friend wants to buy something slutty for her boyfriend.”

“Cara, shut up! It’s my boyfriend’s birthday – I want to surprise him with something wild – what do you recommend?”

Alex stood stunned. Why did they keep saying “her boyfriend”? Alex knew who Josh was – Emma had stolen him from Megan last year – a move that had devastated Megan and caused Alex much headache having to console her, right in the middle of finals.

As the two stood impatiently waiting for their mute sales assistant to say something, it clicked in Alex’s head. They didn’t recognise her. Sure, Alex had done the typical university rites of entry by getting a nose piercing and cutting her hair short, but she only realised now how little these two must have ever paid attention to the likes of her or Megan in school. Alex definitely wasn’t unattractive, but definitely in a more unconventional sense. But to them, she was a nobody. Huh.

“Well? Do you have anything for my friend? Or should we just go to Anne Summers like I told her?”

Alex brought herself back to earth.

“No of course. We have a wide range of lingerie for you to choose.”

“No not fucking lingerie. I don’t come to a fucking sex shop for lingerie. I’m talking about bondage stuff. Freaky shit,” Emma scolded Alex. Brushing aside her rude rebuff, Alex tried to keep her composure.

“All of our restraints and BDSM gear can be found on the second aisle from the playroom-”

“Playroom?” Cara interjected, her eyes widening.

“Yes, our shop comes complete with two secluded playrooms for couples to try out any gear they like before they buy,” responded Alex.

“Oh hell yeah! Alright, this is what’s going to happen, Ems. You’re going to go into one of these playrooms, and me and this goth girl are going to bring you things to try out.”

“As if I would trust you with that, Cara. I was just looking for something for Josh to tie me down with. I don’t want to be trussed up as some American Horror Story gimp.”

“Listen, who best to know what you look sexy in than a bona fide lesbian? Probably two bona fide lesbians.” With that Cara winked at Alex, who still stood there bewildered at what these two were suggesting. “And besides, it’s only try before you buy, right? You can leave any of the stuff you don’t like behind.” With both of the girls staring at Alex, she reminded herself to nod along with what Cara had said: after all, that’s what the playrooms were there for. Emma stood proud, but Alex could tell she was uncertain by Cara’s proposition.

“Fine, but only you see me Cara, not her.”

And with that less than polite rebuke, Emma and Cara made their way to the playroom.

#### *The Restraints*

Apart from the occasional giggles from Cara, Alex didn’t hear anything from the pair for the next 15 minutes. Unsure of what her role was in catering to her best friend’s worst enemy, she pretended to do busywork behind the till, conscious that she would need to close up the shop soon. Inside Alex was fuming. Fuming at the arrogance of Emma and Cara. How they simply waltzed into the shop, how they assumed they could do what they liked, speak how they wanted towards Alex. But secretly Alex was upset that they didn’t even remember her. That Cara didn’t even remember her. Since high school, Alex had fancied Cara. Her hair, her impossibly perfect figure. How she would gracefully walk. What it would be like to kiss her glossy lips…

“Hello! – Earth to goth girl!”

With that Alex was startled by an annoyed Cara standing in-front of her.

“Okay I’ve gotten her tied up with the basic shit – ball gag, handcuffs – but it’s looking all a bit, well, basic! What do you have that really screams EXTREME?”

With that last bit Cara had lunged forward at Alex with her hands up like a dinosaur, startling Alex and making Cara. Annoyed, Alex thought of what she might have seen during inventory to suggest to Cara. Thinking she knew of a way to placate her, she brought her over to the extreme restraints section, picking up a light-weight straitjacket and holding it up to Cara.

“Well if you’re looking to really immobilise her, we could look at some straitjackets.”

This answer didn’t impress Cara.

“I’m not some freak that is into looking like a mental patient, and I don’t think Emma is either. I’m talking sex shit.”

“Well what about an armbinder?” Alex answered.

This suggestion seemed to please Cara.

“What the fuck is an armbinder?”

Alex picked up a black faux leather armbinder and handed it to Cara.

“It forces the person’s arms behind their back and stops them from being able to use their hands.”

Cara handled the material, unsure of which way was up.

“How does it work?”

“It restrains a person’s arms behind their back, stopping them from being able to move their hands. Once in, the user cannot get out, unless you have an emergency release, like this one does.”

Cara seemed to be disappointed as she handled the armbinder.

“I’m still not clear. It stops the person from being able to move their hands, but then what? What’s in it for the other person?”

“Well, you can attach the end of it to another restraint, maybe a belt or a chain hanging from the ceiling. Plus, when someone’s arms are tied behind their back like that, their chest…” Alex left the rest of her sentence blank, hoping Cara would understand.

Cara stood there confused.

“Their chest what? Is also tied up?”

“No, their chest… is accentuated,” Alex tried to put it as delicately as possible.

Cara now looked both confused and annoyed.

“I don’t understand what the fuck you mean.”

“Your friend’s chest will… stand out. Literally.”

Alex saw the penny slowly drop in Cara’s face.

“I don’t believe you.”

Alex saw words wouldn’t explain the flattering effect of armbinders.

“Let me show you.”

Alex approached Cara with the restraint.

“Hang on, if this miracle piece of leather accentuates a chest, surely there needs to be a chest to start with? How the fuck you think this will work with me?”

With that Cara grabbed her A-cup chest and shook her tits, with notable minimal effect – you don’t get to become a ballet dancer with big tits. Alex was slightly dumb struck at Cara’s candour.

“Let me see what it’s like on you. At least you have something to work with.”

Alex was slightly hesitant. Having worked less than a week in the shop, she hadn’t mustered up the courage to actually try any of the toys out yet. And she felt sheepish modelling an armbinder for Cara for the explicit purpose of her to see how well it accentuated her chest.

“Surely you can just see what it’s like on your friend, seeing as it’s for her anyway?” Alex tried meekly responding. Cara shook her head at this rather sensible proposal.

“She’s already on the fence about this place. I don’t wanna spook her, and I definitely don’t want to bring her anything that doesn’t scream *‘Take me daddy!’*”

Alex retched slightly in her mind at the prospect of Emma calling Josh ‘Daddy’. Weighing it up in her mind, Alex knew the sooner she got these two what they wanted, the sooner she would have them out of her store. Plus, it seemed like they were here to spend money, meaning a pretty commission for her. And anyway, this was a relatively low-key restraint. It had an emergency zip at the base of the glove, unlike the other models, and didn’t have any additional buckles or clasps. Alex nodded to Cara, who with glee spun Alex around as Alex put her hands behind her back.

Alex felt the glove go up her arms and settle underneath her armpits. The material felt stiffer than what she was expecting, but she still let Cara zip up the rest of the glove. Sure enough, once the glove was zipped up, Alex’s chest stood out proudly. But Alex noticed Cara wasn’t focusing on her chest. She heard the fumble of a buckle and clasp, and felt the armbinder start to tighten even more! Alex tried reaching for the zip inside the glove, only to find nothing! Another buckle tightened around her elbows, and Alex was seriously immobilised now. Cara must have swapped the armbinders! Cara finished off by strapping the attached collar around Alex’s neck and locking it in place.

“I know you showed me the black one, but this pink one looks sooo much better on you! It really *accentuates* your all-black goth features.”

Alex struggled in her restraints, concerned that Cara had swapped the gear without telling her, and worried by the fact she couldn’t get out of this one by herself.

“Um, can you let me out of this please?” Alex asked Cara. Cara stood arms crossed, defiant.

“I thought you said you could get out of it yourself?”

“The black one has an emergency zip. This is a more heavy-duty model.”

A smirk broke across Cara’s lips.

“So that means you’re stuck in that until I let you out?”

Alex hesitated, not wanting to let Cara know how vulnerable she was, but realised it was futile. She was stuck until Cara let her out. Resigned, she nodded.

“Sexy. Alright well tell you what, you model the rest of the stuff I want to use on Emma, then we will be out of your hair. Deal? It’s not like you can say no!”

With that Cara picked up a leash and attached it to the D-Ring at the front of Alex’s collar and proceeded to lead her to the next part of the shop.

#### *The Accessories*

Alex was pissed. She was annoyed at how Emma and Cara had acted. She was annoyed at the arrogance of Cara for leading her around the shop like this. But really, she was annoyed at herself for getting into such a silly situation. She could freak out, demand Cara release her, but she knew there was nothing to force Cara to do so. With no one else in the shop, there wasn’t anything to stop her from robbing the place and still leaving her there tied up. So best to go with the flow and hope they leave soon. Cara led Alex to the gag and mask section of the shop and tied Alex’s leash to the shelf, like she was tying up a dog outside a shop.

“Alright. As I told you earlier, Emma’s inside the playroom with a pretty basic looking gag with a bunch of holes in it. It looks more like a chew toy than anything sexy. What’s the best gag we can offer her?”

Alex pondered her answer. She knew anything she suggested would be used on her, and she wasn’t much interested in the extreme gags.

“I mean, ball gags can be more secure than that. There are lots of different materials, silicone, straps-OUCH!”

Cara had cut off Alex by pinching her right nipple and twisting. Alex buckled in pain.

“I asked you for proper shit, not whatever you’d like to wear. You’ve lost your say.”

With that Cara pulled the slack of the lead, until Alex was stuck facing the wall while Cara picked out the gag that she was going to torture Alex with. Alex’s nipple still hurt like hell, and she was scared at the escalation of her situation. What had she gotten herself into?

“Perfect! Oh this will be a lot of fun. Alright, open wide!”

Alex couldn’t see Cara, but she didn’t want to incur her wrath again and obediently opened her mouth. She felt a ring being forced in behind her teeth – Cara had attached a ring gag to her! Secretly, Alex was happy she hadn’t found the more extreme gags on the bottom shelf, those with tongue depressors and cruel mechanisms for keeping the jaw open painfully wide. But she was aware of how exposed her mouth was now.

“Let’s get some nice blinkers on too, can’t have you seeing all the surprises.” Attached to the series of straps wrapping themselves around Alex’s head now was a set of blinkers, limiting Alex from seeing anything other than directly ahead of her.

“Now let’s finish up with some nice boots for you to wear.” Unable to respond Alex was led to the boots section of the shop, where everything from simple platforms to ballet boots were stocked. Cara pushed Alex down onto the couch, where she removed Alex’s shoes, trousers, and panties. “Can’t be wearing our street clothes inside the playroom now, can we?” With the blinkers attached Alex could only sit there and stare ahead as Cara began lacing up some boots to Alex’s feet. “There we are!” As Alex was brought to her feet, she could feel her toes balancing on some high platforms, but nearly lost her balance as she tried to place her weight onto her heels.

“Ah ah ah! Careful, with those pony boots on you don’t want to lean too far back.”

Looking down, Alex saw her feet were locked into a pair of boots that contorted her feet down like a pair of heels, but without any heel, meaning she was forced to balance on her toes. Without the use of her arms, Alex was now reliant on Cara to lead her around the shop. She was becoming increasingly nervous at the helplessness of her situation. As Cara pulled on the leash there was nothing Alex could do but put one foot in front of the other and follow Cara into the playroom.

#### *The Playroom*

With padded walls and just about every accessory you can imagine hanging from the walls, the playrooms in the shop could be out of a porno and satisfied just about every whim of those who came to the shop. In the centre of the room Alex saw Emma, immobile, but not how Cara had described her. Instead of a beginner ball-gag or a set of handcuffs, Cara had tied Emma up with an elaborate web of ropes. Emma hung from the ceiling completely naked, apart from a leather panel gag, and judging by her throat, a fairly sizable dildo lodged in her mouth. Ropes criss-crossed over her body and around her generous chest, suspending her from the ceiling. The ropes were even woven into her ponytail, yanking her head back. Her arms were tied in a painful reverse prayer, securing them behind her back. In all of this Emma looked visibly uncomfortable. But the worst accessory was an anal hook that led from Emma’s ass to the ceiling.

From the intricacy of the knots, Alex quickly realised Cara was no novice to this stuff and never needed her help buying these things. She just needed a victim. Alex started to squirm with concern. A quick yank of the leash was all Cara needed to do to remind Alex of her predicament. Teetering in her pony boots, arms immobilised by the armbinder, Alex was in no position to run away from the situation. Without the counterbalance of the leash, she would most likely fall over after only a few steps in those devilish boots. Still, things could be worse as she looked on at Emma and the discomfort she was in.

“Good news Em, Alex here has agreed to act the part of Josh! After all, it’s no good you being all trussed up like this if Josh can’t have his way with you. Now I expect you to give it your all Emma, because I’m sure you don’t want another shock from me now do you?”

With that, a muffled scream could be heard from Emma. Cara handled a fiendish looking cattle prod that had rested on the wall and pressed a button, causing an audible crack of electricity to be heard. The very noise distressed Emma, who had probably already felt its bite, given the marks on her thigh. Alex was scared now. Cara had tied Alex up, tied up her supposed friend and shocked her with a nasty cattle prod. What else was in store?

Alex could feel Cara’s hand on her shoulders as she beckoned Alex to kneel down in front of Emma.

“Now let’s get some foreplay going. Be a good boyfriend and eat out Emma.” With that Cara shoved Alex’s face into Emma’s sex. With the ring-gag there was nothing Alex could do as her face was pushed into Emma’s sex. Feeling a pull on her leash, Alex found she couldn’t pull her head back. She was tied into this position. She could smell the musk of Emma’s exposed sex, but despite having eaten girls out before, it didn’t mean she wanted to eat out her best friend’s mortal enemy.

A painful shock erupted from her left butt-cheek. Alex yelped and jumped in shock, as much as she could, kneeling and tied to Emma’s backside.

“Don’t be like every other guy out there and get funny about oral sex, only to push girls’ heads down on their dicks. Start licking!”

Realising Cara was getting carried away in her dominant role, Alex resigned to the fact there was no way out of this. With her mouth being held open by the ring gag, it made for sloppy work, but she started to lick Emma’s sex.

As Alex licked, she felt something being pressed against her own sex, followed by low vibrations. Cara had put a vibrator between her legs, resting it just on Alex’s clit. The vibrations were causing Alex to slowly get turned on, despite her situation. As the vibrations continued, Alex got more into the cunnilingus, temporarily ignoring the fact it was Emma and the fact she was being forced to do this against her will. As Alex’s licking increased, moans could be heard from Emma’s gagged mouth, also unable to do anything at the assault of senses she was experiencing. Slowly but surely, an orgasm began to build in Alex as she rocked back and forth on the vibrator, eager to make sure it hit the right spot and stayed there. Just as Alex’s orgasm was building and the moans from Emma became more audible, the vibrator was suddenly switched off, robbing Alex of any chance to climax. Alex’s head was yanked back.

“Good job Josh, but we don’t want you to blow your load just yet. Time to swap places now. I’m going to remove your gags, and I don’t want to hear a peep out of either of you, you hear?”

With that Cara took the gags off Alex and Emma. As the dildo gag was removed, a glob of spit trailing behind, Emma tried to protest, “Cara please, this is too much!”

“Nonsense Emma, you said you wanted Josh to take advantage of you in the wildest way possible – is this not wild enough for you?” Before Emma could respond, Cara replaced Emma’s gag with the ring gag, buckling it up and causing Emma to drool ever further.

With Emma’s dildo gag in hand, Cara knelt down next to Alex.

“Now, I know I didn’t let you cum there just now, so, if you can withhold yourself from making a peep, I may be able to help you out. Can you do that for me?” Terrified of crossing Cara, Alex nodded meekly. Cara placed her hand on Alex’s back, getting closer to her. With one hand around her, the other slowly worked the dildo gag into Alex’s sex. As she went back and forth, the waves of pleasure began to return to Alex. With the warm touch of Cara’s arm around her helping her to temporarily forget the situation she found herself in, Alex relinquished herself back into the sensations. As Cara pushed and pulled the dildo in and out of Alex, Alex responded to her touch, slowly riding the dildo, feeling an orgasm building. Close to climaxing, a brief moan escaped Alex’s mouth, causing Cara to remove the dildo and rob Alex of yet another possible orgasm. The dildo gag, now wet with Alex’s juices, was then unceremoniously strapped to Alex’s mouth and buckled, causing Alex to taste herself as she rued the robbed orgasm.

“What a shame, maybe next time,” Cara remarked, looking directly into Alex’s helpless eyes.

“Alright now time for the big finale. No point in all this foreplay if we’re not going to fuck!” With that, Cara brought Alex to her feet and worked a strap-on up Alex’s legs and over her hips, securing the harness around her. Alex was now a sight to behold. Gagged with a dildo fresh with her own juices, still with blinkers and pony boots on, her arms secured behind her back with this nefarious armbinder, now sporting a strap-on. It was clear Cara wanted Alex to play the full role of Josh and fuck Emma, and frankly, there was nothing either of them could do about it.

“Time for you to put that mouth to some use Emma, why don’t you show Josh some reciprocity?” Leading Alex to Emma’s head, there was little either of them could do as Cara guided the strap-on to Emma’s mouth. Scared of receiving the cattle-prod again, Alex needed no direction as she shoved the strap-on into Emma’s now open mouth, eliciting gagging noises from the restrained Emma.

“Very good Emma, Josh will be proud of all those cock-sucking skills you’ve learnt. Now seeing as it’s meant to be Josh’s birthday, and you wanted something for him to remember, what say we replace that anal hook with something else?”

Alex could see Emma’s eyes widen with shock as she tried to protest unintelligibly. Ignoring her best friend, Cara left Alex teetering awkwardly on her pony boots with the strap-on still in Emma’s mouth and walked around the suspended Emma. With a slow pop, Cara removed the anal hook from Emma’s ass.

“Looks like there’s still some lube there from the hook, but you might want to take this chance to make sure Josh’s cock’s nice and wet, eh Emma?”

Unable to do anything, Emma began to frantically deep-throat Alex’s strap-on in the hopes of leaving as much spit on there as possible.

“There, that’s good and wet. This way Josh, time to give it to your girlfriend.”

Leading Alex by the lead, Cara brought Alex behind Emma and lined up Alex’s strap-on with Emma’s ass. Not waiting for the cattle prod, and knowing it was useless to protest, Alex tried to insert the strap-on as slowly as possible into Emma’s ass, only imagining what an intense experience it must be. As Alex slowly thrusted back and forth, she felt something else push against her sex. Unbeknownst to Alex, Cara had also put on a strap-on and was proceeding to take Alex from behind. The motion of Cara fucking Alex caused Alex to increase her thrusts to Emma. In addition to the thrusts of Cara’s strap-on, Alex also felt a vibrator being placed against their two sexes. All the feelings of those lost orgasms quickly returned to Alex, as she quickly got into the rhythm of thrusting, both receiving and giving. Alex, lost in the waves of pleasure, as well as Alex’s warm embrace from behind, continued to fuck Emma’s ass, lost in the ecstasy of it all. Cara’s thrusts from behind continued as a huge orgasm built up in Alex, but this time Cara didn’t stop, and Alex was finally able to erupt into a shattering orgasm.

What happened after was a blur to Alex. She remembered Cara pulling out of her, helping Alex pull out of Emma, and gently lowering Alex to the floor. Lying on her side, Alex, still in a daze from her monumental orgasm, remembered seeing Cara go to the bathroom, leaving Emma still strung up, also exhausted from the ordeal. Between the armbinder and pony-boots, Alex wouldn’t have been able to get up off the floor even if she’d wanted to, not that she cared at that point, still lost in the bliss of the monumental orgasm that reverberated through her.

In the midst of her post-orgasm haze, Alex thought she could hear the bell above the front-door jingle…
