---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Queen Rubberella
authors:
- Ataraxia
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- latex
- panties
- dress
- glue
- toys
- insert
- slave
- hum
- mast
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
---

I suddenly found myself without a job. There was a sudden
and particularly messy "divorce" from my former employer
with lots of ill-feelings and name-calling. They fired me for
being incompetent over something I did not even do. I was devastated.
My Master tried to console me with our usual rubber submission
games but they all seemed so empty and short-lived. They were
a pleasurable for the moment but would soon be forgotten. Tomorrow
I would once again be the girl whose career had been smashed.

Master sensed this forlornness and tried to help me explore
my inner feelings to decide what I should do next. After a great
deal of soul-searching and introspection I began to realize that
what I really wanted for now was to rebuild my self-esteem. I
needed some sort of difficult project that, when
completed, would make me feel better about myself. We decided
it should involve losing myself deeply in submission to him.
I would start as a slave and, if I passed the test,
would emerge as a Queen. I wanted something so utterly intense
and involving that it would demand all of my attention all of
the time. It needed to be a milestone in my life that marked
the beginning of a new era for me, not the end of an old one.
I wanted something unforgettable.

The next day Master arrived at my apartment and instructed
me to pack a bag because we were flying to England late that
night. My "test" would begin then. When we arrived
in London the following morning we immediately went to one of
the firms Master had bought many of our latex catsuits from.
He had me fitted for something, but no one would tell me what
it was for. Then we spent the rest of the day exploring London
and seeing the sights. That night Master insisted that I shave
my pussy and armpits. That seemed a bit odd to me but I knew
that he had something special in store for me so
I didn't question it. The next day around noon we went back to
the shop. There were two packages waiting for me. I could smell
the latex that was obviously inside them.

Alone, in one of the private fitting rooms of the shop, Master
asked me if I still wanted to submit myself wholly and completely
to him. This would be my last chance to back out. I kissed him
deeply and said, "I am yours, Master. Do what you will
to me."

"OK, take all of your clothes off and put these on,"
he commanded as he handed me the smaller of the two packages.

Standing naked in front of him I opened the package. It contained
a pair of transparent latex briefs equipped with anal and vaginal
dildoes. There was also a tube of lubricant, which I applied
to the dildoes. Quivering in anticipation, I pulled the briefs
up my legs. As the dildoes began to find their way home inside
of me I felt the familiar spasm of pleasure course through my
body. I had worn dildo briefs many times before but, somehow,
this time I knew there was going to be some new element. I grinned
at Master as I completed the task.

"Thank you, Master,
this is nice," I said.

"As usual", he commanded, "you may not take
these off without my permission. You may request permission to
do so only for the purpose of peeing, pooping or adding more
lubricant. In that case they must be put back on immediately
after. Do not expect that permission will always be granted.
You may not ask permission to take them off for any other reason.
Period. I don't want to hear any complaining that they are uncomfortable
or even subtle hints that you want them off. You will wear them
until I say you can take them off, and that may be quite a while.
Do you understand?"

"Yes. Master", I meekly replied. "I understand".
I was still tingling from the touch of the latex against my skin
and the dildoes deep in body.

"By the way," he said, "These briefs are
only temporary. I have something much more sinister in store
for you when we get home. Enjoy them while you can!" He
winked at me.

Master then handed me the second package. It was much larger
and heavier than the first one. "Put this on', he commanded
in his "Master's voice".

As I began to open the package the smell of new latex met
my nostrils. It was delicious! Master opened the door of the
fitting room and called out "Ready" to one of the
clerks in the main showroom.

The package contained a long latex gown constructed of the
same relatively heavy grade of transparent latex that my briefs
were made of. It was nearly clear. As I began to put it on my
skin thrilled to the feel of new latex. Master had only recently
introduced me to the world of latex and I was finding that I
loved it even more each time he made me wear it.

Then I began to notice some odd things about the gown. The
strips of very heavy black latex that comprised the wrist and
neckline trim were not fully glued to the rest of gown. They
appeared to be long enough to wrap around me more than once.
Another odd thing was that there was no zipper in the back.

A clerk from the shop walked in the room bearing a small can
of rubber cement. "Ready for enclosure?" she asked
Master.

"Last call, Rubberella. Are you sure you want to submit
to me?" asked Master. "There will be no turning back
after this!"

"Yes, Master, I am sure."

The clerk then walked around behind me and pulled the flaps
in the back of the gown to close it up across my shoulders. I
could smell the rubber cement now. She was gluing the gown closed!
Then she applied more glue as she snuggly wrapped the black trim
around my neck several times. This became very thick and felt
much like a collar. It also fit quite tightly. Then she similarly
wrapped the trim on my wrists tightly and glued them on. The
clerk performed these tasks with a great deal of skill and took
her time at it. By the time she was done and left the room, I
was already beginning to work up a sweat in that hot fitting
room and heavy latex gown.

I stood admiring the gown that had just been glued on to me
in the mirror. It was beautiful and fit me perfectly. I suddenly
realized that I was now a slave to this gown. With the back,
wrists and neckline glued tightly with a band of heavy rubber,
the only way I could take it off would be to cut it off. Cutting
it off, of course, was not an option because Master had obviously
paid a lot of money to have it made. It was also very expensive
to bring me to England to have it "installed". He
would be the only one to take it off of me. It also became clear
that he would not be doing that any time soon! I was truly his
rubber slave now!

As the implications of my situation began to sink in, I found
that my hands had subconsciously moved down to my crotch area
and I was "working" the front dildo. I had become
so incredibly horny I didn't even realize I was doing this.
The dildoes, the steamy gown I was wearing and fact that I could
not remove any of them were affecting me more than I realized.

Seeing this, Master commanded, "Go ahead! Cum as hard
as you can! That will be the first of one hundred orgasms you
must have before we take the gown off! If you can do that, you
can do anything! You will be worthy of the name Queen Rubberella!"

One hundred orgasms?

I did some quick math in my head. If I somehow managed to
have ten a day, it would be ten days before the gown could come
off! Yikes! I'll be a 'mass of orgasmic jelly' by the time I've
done that. I'll probably never want to see this gown or wear
rubber again!

The delicious sweatiness of the latex gown against my skin,
the intrusion of the two dildoes in my body and the comprehension
that I would be a prisoner to them and Master for the next week
and more were just too much for me. I came so hard and so long
that I must have blacked out. When I came to, I found myself
on the floor with Master and the clerk standing over me.

"Are you ok, my Rubberella?" Master asked. "That
was pretty good for a starter but you'll have to learn to be
more quiet. Everyone in the showroom heard you!" Then he
winked at me and smiled. "C'mon. We've got a plane to catch!"

For the trip home Master provided me with a long, light coat
with a high, Nehru style collar that hid the black latex collar
and the rest of my gown. He had booked a window seat for me and
placed a blanket on my lap so that no one could see what my hands
were doing. I had two lessons in the art of "quiet orgasms"
with a stoic face on that plane.

When we got back to Rochester the customs officials wanted
to see the "rubber garment" listed on our customs
declaration. Master, with a sinister, yet playful grin, said,
"Oh, she's wearing it!"

I felt a twinge in my vagina - I love it when he humiliates
me in public like that and this was going to be a good one! It
went right to my twat! They escorted me into a side room and
had me take my coat off to display it. I blushed as they commented
on how much I was sweating in it. The room seemed filled with
customs agents now.

"Lift up your arms so we can see that you are not hiding
anything," one of them demanded. The humiliation of all
of this was too much for me. Right there, in front of all of
those customs agents, I had orgasm number four!

After the long ride from the airport (and orgasm number five),
we finally arrived at Master's home in the country. I had now
been sweating in the gown and dildo panties for many hours and
I was ready to have them off! Yet I still had ninety-five orgasms
to go! This was going to be a long, difficult ordeal to be sure.

Sensing my discomfort, Master said, "Why don't you take
the dildo briefs off and take a shower. You'll feel better. Besides,
I have another little surprise for you!"

Master", I asked, "How can I take a shower if
I cannot take my gown off?"

He smiled and said, "You'll find a way, by the way, better
give yourself a good enema while you are in the bathroom. You're
going to need it"

The shower cooled me down and I felt somewhat refreshed. But
it had been a long day and the jet lag was beginning to set in.
We were both tired. As I walked out of the bathroom, I saw that
Master was smiling.

In each hand he had something that looked kind of like dildoes
made of black acrylic plastic with metal strips. They were connected
by a very short wire. One of them was mounted on a curved metal
plate. He had me bend over and then he inserted them into my
anus and vagina. I squirmed. As I felt the cold acrylic invading
my body, I also felt the plate across my perineum, connecting
the two dildoes. Then Master picked up a ratcheting socket wrench
and proceeded to tighten some kind of nut on the plate.

"There", he said. "Try to take them out."

I explored the device with my hand for a moment. Apparently,
both dildoes were now bolted to the plate. The plate held the
two dildoes at an angle that was comfortable but made it impossible
for me to remove them. The only way they would come out would
be if one of them was unbolted again. I was a slave to the dildoes
now, too!

"There is a hole in the plate that will let you pee,"
he said. "Like the gown, this will be part of you 24 hours
a day until you have had your 100 orgasms. Every day at 7a.m.
we will remove the anal probe only long enough to allow you to
poop. If you ever ask or even hint that you want me to remove
the probes for any other reason we will immediate add 10 more
orgasms to your quota. Do you understand?"

When I replied yes, Master produced a small, strange looking
key and inserted it at the base of my vaginal dildo and turned
it. I immediately began to feel random twinges and twitching
in my anus and vagina. It was as though I was being physically
fucked by both dildoes but without a steady rhythm to it. I immediately
began to get wet and very horny again. I looked at Master quizzically.

"Puzzled?" he asked. "The dildo device can
only be removed with this special wrench. Each dildo cylinder
contains long-lasting batteries that we will recharge on occasion.
They power a micro-sized radio and amplifier. Instead of speakers,
the output goes directly to the metal strips on the exterior
of the dildoes. Additional probes rest on your clitoris. This
induces high frequency, low voltage electricity to all of the
nerves between your anus and vagina. There is no way you can
turn it off or remove the device. You had better get used to
this!"

He walked over to the stereo system, turned it on and adjusted
the tuning knob. A commercial for a local car dealer was being
played. I began to detect a correlation between the voice of
the announcer and the sensations I was feeling in my groin. "What
you feel, my dear, is WINK 104.3 FM. Right now you are being
fucked by a car dealer! Welcome to the world of direct electro-neural
stimulation, Slave Rubberella!"

This was like nothing I had ever experienced. Various parts
of my vaginal and anal areas twitched as each word in the car
dealer commercial was spoken. The sensations were strange and
varied but all very mild and pleasant.

Suddenly the commercial was finished and the station started
playing some heavy metal rock music with a hard, driving beat!
My groin area and clitoris went crazy! My muscles twitched and
spasmed. Even though I knew the dildoes were stationary it felt
like they were being rammed in and out of my cunt and ass.

"Dance to the music!" Master commanded. "Close
your eyes and feel what it does to you! Let it fuck you!"

Suddenly the music stopped! The song was finished. I was almost
ready to cum but then it stopped. I was "almost there"
I wanted to cum desperately now! I reached down to play with
my clit only to find that the metal plate covered it and was
obviously intended to make that impossible. I could wiggle the
whole device a little bit but the effect was not sufficient to
help me finish. The commercial they were airing now helped a
little bit but it still was not enough. The look in my face must
have explained my frustration.

Master smiled. "Yes, you are going to have to learn
the art of cuming! When the music is right, you'll need to make
the most of it and satisfy yourself quickly! Otherwise, it's
going to take a long, long time for you to earn your freedom
and you are going to live in a state of constant frustration!
Now lets go to bed. I'm tired."

And so ends my first night as Rubberella Slave. As I lie here
in bed, "listening" to WINK 104.3 FM with my cunt
I find myself hoping they will play lots of heavy music with
a strong beat. Mostly, they don't. They seem to talk a lot instead.
I am incredibly horny as the commercials are aired and I sweat
in my clear latex gown. Even though I am exhausted form a very
long day I cannot sleep, of course. One hundred orgasms seem
so far away But I know I can do this! I can become Queen Rubberella!

The End

03.06.02 (c)copyright 1999 by ataraxia@rubberist.net
