---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sheryl And The Straitjacket Incident 2
authors:
- '3586088863'
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- straightjacket
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Sheryl And The Straitjacket Incident**](sheryl_straitjacket.html))_

_**Sheryl And The
Straitjacket Incident - Part 2**
by 3586088863
Sheryl And The Straitjacket Incident part 2by
3586088863_

_CHAPTER FIVE_

_The next week went smoothly, so far as Sheryl and I were concerned.
She had been spending more time with me, and several times now, declaring
that she was too tired to survive a trek back to her dorm, she had spent
the night in my bed. And naturally I did my best to be a gracious host.
Then, all of a sudden, she stopped coming even to study with me. I was
busy surfing the Web after class when I received Sheryl's call. She had
actually been on my mind quite a bit, even more so during those three days
she hadn't come over. I feared the worst._

_"We need to talk." That sinking feeling. Ah, shit--the harbinger of
a breakup, the terror of men worldwide._

_Innocently: "Sheryl, what's the matter? How are you feeling?" Well,
I figure I might as well try to save the sinking ship._

_"I'd prefer we not talk about it right now. I just--I need to see you
in person." Why, oh why? We were getting along so well, too. "Can I meet
you by the psych building tomorrow evening? Like 6:00?"_

_"Where? It's locked past 5:30, isn't it?"_

_"By the front stairs. There's that nice garden nearby, I was thinking
we could sit and talk until it gets too dark."_

_My fear solidified into certainty. I was mentally preparing myself for
the sadness now. "Ok. Do you want me to bring anything?"_

_"No. See you then."_

_\* \* \*_

_My heart was heavy as I crossed the wide street to main campus. The
chill evening wind had already begun to pick up, and the sky was dark,
having been overcast all day. I looked down and listened to the sound of
my feet on the gravel. Sheryl was sitting on the steps already when I arrived
at the psych building. Though bundled up in a heavy jacket, she still looked
beautiful, with her hair down and lilting slightly in the wind. It's funny
how girls like her are either beautiful or, in the most unforgiving of
circumstances, at least cute._

_"Hey, handsome." She remained sitting. I joined her on the steps._

_"So what's up, Sheryl? Do you feel better today?"_

_"Naw, about the same as yesterday. Do you have some time?"_

_"Yeah, I didn't have very much on my plate tonight. So... is this bad
news?"_

_"A little. I don't think we can see each other anymore."_

_"But Sheryl, why? We were having so much fun..."_

_"I know. I'm just kidding." Wide grin. "Like, I'd give any of that up.
Let's go in." She gets up and dusts off her pants. Offering her hand to
her confused boyfriend of sorts, she leads the way up the worn stone stairs.
At the top she pulls out a keyring and unlocks the double doors._

_We're walking down the darkened halls, quietly to keep down the echoing
clatter. I figure this is the beginning of another adventure with Sheryl,
and that I don't need to worry about getting dumped just yet. I'm not here
often, but having taken some linguistics classes here, I can find my way
around the place. By now most of the professors have gone home, but some
evidently haven't given up on their work yet. We can see some lights in
the windows above their doors. Sheryl turns a corner and locates a single
door on the right marked "Basement classrooms." After trying a few keys
unsuccessfully, she finds the right one. The open door reveals a flight
of descending stairs that, after a landing ahead, curve around to the right.
They are illuminated only dimly with a distant light. Sheryl breaks the
silence._

_"After you." Sheryl locks the door behind us._

_"Of course. How did you get those keys?" We descend._

_"Ah. From Kate. She's the student facilities manager for this building.
Very trusting friend, wouldn't you agree?"_

_On most afternoons, the University conducts all sorts of psychology
studies. Poor college students come by and fill out questionnaires or conduct
interviews or whatnot, things that mean nothing to them but mean tons to
researchers, and walk away a few dollars richer. Though I've never had
much time to do any of these students, I understand these lower-level classrooms
are the ones they use. But now all the classrooms lie dark, and only three
dim bulbs illuminate the entire basement hallway. After a few turns, we
find ourselves next to a door labelled "Sleep Lab A." This, I figure, is
where they hook subjects up to brainwave monitors and watch them sleep._

_This door, too, is duly unlocked, and we enter. Sheryl darts into the
dark room ahead of me and turns the light on. The small size of the room
surprises me--the room is only as long as the bed, which is pushed against
the right side of the room. On the left side there are about two feet of
linoleum floor running alongside the bed and a wide mirror flush with the
wall. Over by the foot of the bed there is a small closet. There are no
windows. I sit on the bed and observe the spartan furnishing._

_"Never tried a sleep study before, I take it?"_

_"No. First time here. Never knew what this was like."_

_"Well, make yourself comfortable." She sits beside me._

_"So, thanks for bringing me here and all, but why are we here?"_

_"I just wanted to spend some time alone with you. And don't pretend
I don't know how much being in a forbidden place turns you on."_

_"Well, what if somebody finds us? That could be rather embarrassing.
You and I both, known all around campus..."_

_"Relax. There's nothing going on, on this level tonight. Everything's
locked up nice and tight." Sheryl has by now shed her jacket into the corner,
revealing a tight tee. I move closer to her, and my hands work their way
up under her top. We recline on to the bed._

_"Hold on a sec." She reaches to a ticking bedside timer and twists it
past zero. The room is utterly dark. I can still hear the playfulness in
her voice, though. "Much better. Please do continue."_

_I wake up to the bright light in the room. Well, that, and Sheryl slapping
me lightly on the face. "Hey, sleepy, we got things to do tonight!" The
digital clock on the small nightstand reads 11:00. Wow, I had been more
tired than I thought. Sheryl swings her legs down over the edge of the
bed. She leans over, evidently fumbling around for something underneath
the bed. Still somewhat reclining, and observing an inviting target right
by my hands, I decide to give in to temptation and give her rear a solid
thwack. Sheryl whips back up and regards me with mock indignation._

_"You did not just do that." She's smiling, though. It's okay._

_"What? With all the other stuff we've tried, you're afraid of a little
nip in the butt?"_

_"Hmm. Guess you're right. Still, I'll get you back sometime for it."
I'm counting on it, really._

_Sheryl goes back under the bed with both hands, drawing out a shallow
white cardboard box. It's completely unmarked. "But first," she explains,
"there's this." She produces a pliant garment._

_CHAPTER SIX_

_I drink in the beautiful sight and release an involuntary gasp. Lying
before me is the instrument of my bondage for the next several hours. "Go
ahead, examine it. Touch it. It's my little present to you."_

_Unlike any of the models I have imagined or researched before, this
straitjacket is full-body, grey, tastefully decorated with black highlights. 
I note boots and gloves--as I had with the grid suit I had worn the night
of the last adventure--but these gloves are fingerless._

_"Undoubtedly you know already how a straitjacket does its job, but just
so that you know what's going to happen to you, I'll explain the basic
theory. A straitjacket is primarily constructed to keep the arms and hands
immobile, since a person's greatest motor dexterity lies in those two areas.
This is done by forcing the arms into the jacket sleeves, then fastening
the jacket sleeves together. Since the jacket sleeves are securely fastened
to each other, and the arms cannot leave the sleeves, so too are the arms
securely fastened. The best place to fasten the arms is across the front,
one over the other, and around to the back." She demonstrates the position
and, as she speaks, pretends to tug and struggle against imaginary bonds,
all while grunting and moaning in a manner I thought reminiscent of a striptease.
Damn, that turns me on._

_“This way the jacket, relying on the arms' own tensile strength to restrain
them, takes up all the slack that might translate into the wearer's capacity
to injure himself or others. As long as the wearer cannot release his arms
from the sleeves, he is bound solidly. In binding the arms across the front,
there is the additional psychological torture of seeing the form of the
arms clearly in front while not being able to move or use them at all,
whether to aggress or defend._

_"In fact, there exist sleeve-only straitjacket harnesses, and they perform
every function above just as well. But if you ask me there's nothing quite
like feeling, all over your body, that your mobility has been removed from
you and that you cannot release yourself. Hence the full body suit"--she
lays her hand on the suit, patting it--"hence the unrelenting tightness
you will soon experience. And I thought there was no better place than
the good ol' psych department for that. See, dear, I want nothing but the
best for you."_

_I am still blankly staring at the first straitjacket I've seen in person.
So many different elements of my fantasy are about to become true at the
same time. Sheryl has explained very expertly what I already know, but
to hear it from this vixen is quite something else. I voice an detached
observation in an attempt to hide my arousal. "That's very thin material."
It was maybe a sixteenth of an inch thick, a little more maybe._

_"Well, it's about average, really. But let me show you something." 
She searches for a moment around the darkened room and opens a clothes
closet with a clotheshanger bar. Shoving all the clotheshangers aside,
she picks up the jacket and throws it over the bar. She finds the two arm
straps and connects them around the bar. "Watch."_

_She makes a small hop and, on the way down, leans in to catch the loop
of jacket fabric underneath her armpit. My heart leaps in concern that
my precious Sheryl will fall and hurt herself, or that my apparel for the
evening will be ruined. Neither happens. No, Sheryl grins as she remains
inches off the ground, held up by the buckled loop._

_"I am informed by Tiff that every square inch of this polymer blend
could withstand a shear force equal to the weight of ten men. See for yourself."
She tosses the jacket to me._

_I examine the seams on the jacket for damage. I see rows and rows of
close stitching where the straps are attached to the jacket. Knowing Sharon's
commitment to excellence, I have no doubt that they are rated just as strong
as the jacket itself. But upon closer inspection I realize that there are
really no seams at all. I inquire as to why._

_"You're pretty observant. Most of the suit was actually built in one
piece around a digital cast of your body. I trust you remember the scans.
And the parts that absolutely had to be connected were first chemically
bonded. The stiching was added later just in case."_

_She wraps her hands around my upper arms and slowly pushes me backwards
into the small closet. "Make no mistake about it. If you hand me the figurative
keys to your freedom, you are not going to regain it until I want it done.
So think it through carefully." Sliding her hands down to my wrists, she
pushes them back and closes her hands around them in a tight grip. I am
probably strong enough to get loose, but that's not the point.  Persuading
me to make the irrationally bold show of trust, she closes her mouth over
mine and plays deeply over the inside of my mouth with her tongue._

_"I agree to it, Sheryl." I can feel a load of adrenaline enter my bloodstream
as my brain comprehends the change in status that has just transpired.
"Let's do it."_

_She smiles a mysterious smile. "You're bound by your honor now." 
Sheryl unhooks the sleeve loop and lays the garment on the floor. "Let's
begin."_

_CHAPTER SEVEN_

_I stoop down to the linoleum and grasp the pliant fabric of the jacket's
upper half. Just from my few surveys of the garment in the past fifteen
minutes, I know to expect a tangle of straps, locks, and zippers. Folding
the unfastened top over so that I can start pulling it on, I am nevertheless
taken aback. Yes, somewhere in the complexity of the back flap there is
a opening waiting to receive my body._

_"Make sure now. You have to go to the bathroom or anything? You won't
be able to for some time," Sheryl warns. I reassure her that I'm alright._

_I take the outside of one of the the suit legs and, pulling on it gently,
begin feeding my right foot in. Sheryl has asked me to strip to my underwear,
and like any halfway reasonable guy, I've eagerly obeyed her command. The
suit material is a little cool at first but quickly warms up to a comfortable
temperature. As the pant leg progressively engulfs mine, it grows to its
final size. The image of a snake engulfing a rabbit comes to mind._

_"Ever wondered how those models on TV feel wearing those outrageously
tight leather pants? Well, you're feeling it right now." It was wonderful--a
constant reassuring pressure that made me feel warm and cozy, yet sexy
at the same time._

_"Are you sure I'll be able to fit myself in this?" My leg is nearly
in, but the snake seems to be choking on my thigh._

_"Just push a little harder. That fabric expands twenty-five percent
to its rated area, requiring increasing force as you stretch it. After
that no reasonably human force can cause it to expand any more. It's somewhere
between spandex and latex. Naturally, I've had the suit sculpted to eighty
percent of your body size, so the fabric is fully stretched at the true
hundred percent." Sure enough, with one last push, my leg is now in. My
new right leg is gray with tasteful black accents._

_Having guided me through coating my legs with the suit, Sheryl asks
me to stand up. She has to lend a hand, as I newly realize my legs have
trouble bending at the knees because of the tightness. As I falter she
steadies me with a hug. The tangle of straps at the back of my suit hangs
lazily down my front, held up by virtue of the stricture at my thighs.
Noticing that my boxers are disappearing into the suit now, she pulls out
a pair of scissors from her purse. "Ah, right. At this time, I shall need
... this." In four deft cuts she removes my underwear. I feel rather exposed,
and I pull the front of the jacket up against my body. Well, I figure,
at least I'll have the warmups on the way back._

_"Now hold your arms out, and bend forward at the waist. Let's move over
here first." She moves me against the bed so I won't fall over when I do.
"We're going to have to shrug on the torso of the suit."_

_I work my hands somewhat into the upper part of the sleeves. Eighty
percent of the diameter of my arms, it turns out, is uncannily small--before
I put my hands in, the sleeves almost seem meant for a kid's shirt. Sheryl
loosely collects the straps and jacket flaps around me and moves them to
my back. Following Sheryl's demonstrative gesture, I arch my back and raise
my arms skywards simultaneously. The suit hesitates a moment but begins
to slide on. Ever so slowly, my arms slip deeper and deeper into the sleeves,
and the suit slips over my shoulders. I can feel the vertical stretch along
my chest and stomach. Of course, without anything holding the suit together
in back, it refuses to stretch much around me--glancing in the mirror reveals
a gaping ovallish hole where the zippered flaps should close up. The suit
settles into place, but my open hands still shape the fabric at the ends
of the sleeves into a small tent._

_"Close your hands into fists," Sheryl instructs. After I do so, and
the tents collapse, she closes her hands around my wrists and helps to
slide the remaining material over my balled fists until they are at the
ends of the sleeves._

_"Now try to take the suit off." The challenge strikes me as interesting.
She hasn't even done up a single strap!_

_"I don't want to, Sheryl, but... okay." Matter-of-factly I move to pull
the suit off. But then I realize that my balled hands are no use to me.
Neither can I get enough traction to rub the suit off me--the fabric slides
off itself too easily. I am at a loss for several seconds, but then I remember
I can unball my hands. Or so I think. It's too hard._

_"Positively diabolical, isn't it? The sleeve is on so tightly--held
by virtue of compression against the length of your arm--that you can't
open your hands now.  Well, not easily. I suppose you could slowly
work it off if I left you here for a minute or so. But I'm not going to
do that, am I?"_

_Naturally, the answer is no. She picks up one of the three straps that
dangle off my right sleeve; this particular one is attached at the wrist.
A quick circle around, a deft, but gentle pull, and Sheryl has now attached
a strap about the wrist. "And now not even several minutes will do the
trick." I know this is true: my hands--my ticket to freedom—cannot slip
past that strap._

_After she repeats the process on my left side, the remaining sleeve
straps are similarly introduced and tightened: one above, and one below,
the biceps. "So then what are these for?" I inquire._

_"Oh, functionally? Nothing at all. You're not getting your arm out anyways,
with or without them. But it was fun to design them in, and you look so
much more like my impossibly restrained prisoner that way."_

_"Thank you so very much." Emphasis on the "so."_

_"My pleasure. Many of the features of the jacket are redundant, since,
after all, inescapable is inescapable. Well, and we learn that as engineers,
right? Redundancy is good!"_

_That explains the next item on the agenda, which is the flaps that currently
drape off the length of my arms. I'm reminded of those fringey, tassely
things that hang off the arm in Western getups, except that mine consists
of two solid sheets of synthetic polymer with half a zipper on each side. 
Starting from the shoulder, Sheryl pieces the two sides together and tugs
the zip down, trapping each one of the arm straps in turn. Having come
to its end, the zip, along with the flaps, stops short of the wrist restraint.
At that end Sheryl undoes the strap and redoes it with the eye of the zipper
tab threaded through the buckle of the strap._

_I study myself in the mirror. I test the mobility of my arms, and I
find it is rather difficult to move as it is. I feel a sort of aesthetic
satisfaction that the mass of straps and flaps about my arms has resolved
itself into a neat, tight wrapping designed to thwart my movement and my
escape. I gather the mess behind my back will shortly do the same. As for
the arms, though--all that still remains unresolved on the arms is one
thick strap attached to each of my balled hands. But that will be the much-awaited
finale, I know._

_"Don't take such deep breaths. I want to make this tight."_

_I dutifully release my current chestful of air and begin complying.
I have been quite enjoying my enclosure into Sheryl's diabolical creation.
When she closed up the innermost zipper against my back, I felt a strange
mix of emotions I cannot describe. As I heard the rip of the zipper up
to my neck--as I felt the flaps closing around me and the relatively slack
material in the front stretching round and taking my shape--I realized
my avenue of escape was being sealed off for good. A shudder went down
my spine as I felt a lock close around the zipper tab._

_As she began working, Sheryl had explained to me some of the mess at
the back of the suit. To prevent me from getting at the lacing and releasing
myself from inside the jacket, there was the inside zip. That is, if, IF,
Sheryl had emphasized, by some extraordinary miracle I freed my hands enough
to work anything. To tighten up the body of the jacket, and further to
insure that my arms were pressed tightly into the sleeves, there was the
tight lacing she was currently stringing together above the flaps. (Naturally,
Sheryl has designed for more redundant layers of protection.)_

_"And next will come another zip outside the lacing. If you were particularly
resourceful, you might otherwise be able to rub up against some corner
or some hook and try to slip the straps out. But by covering up the back
straps with this outside flap, this will keep you, or, say, some silly
sympathetic fool with free hands, from getting at your lacing from the
outside. Finally, to finish it off, you'll be pleased to know that there
are four locking straps over those zips to ensure your stay in this my
little instrument of torture." I have been so stimulated by the first one
and a half rounds of successive tightening that I don't know how I'll get
through the rest._

_With a strong tug Sheryl pulls the string through yet another grommet.
The fabric wraps a tiny bit more snugly.  "Nine down, seven to go."
She takes her fingernail and runs it lightly over the fabric at the front
of my waist. The feeling is electric._

_A tap on the shoulder. I am called back from my daydream fantasies to
the fantasy that I am living out in real life. Under Sheryl's gentle but
determined control, I had closed my eyes and submitted to the gradual securing
of the straitsuit. The rhythm had put me into a sort of trance._

_"The hard part is done. But I have you to thank for being such a compliant
victim." Still standing behind me, she slides her hand about, to and fro,
and lets it settle a moment on the crotch of the suit. She walks around
to my front, examining her work, and smiles. "Delicious. This looks better
on you than it did on the cast." Grabbing me by the hand: "Come, take a
look at this." She moves away from my front so I can see myself in the
mirror._

_I have to smile too. The gray and black of the suit looks as if it were
painted right on to my skin. And if there were any hint of looseness before,
it has been eliminated. The feeling of compression is incredible. There
I am, my chest and abs clearly outlined. I am man, subjugated._

_Faux-philosophical ramblings aside, I turn around to examine the back
of the suit. The mess that was there before is all gone. I see one zipper
running straight down the center of my back, with the tab secured into
a tight collar around my neck. The zipper's course is interrupted by four
broad straps, each with a black buckle offset slightly from center. Each
buckle has a small keyhole. All the previous mess, I know, is neatly strung
together underneath--for the sole purpose of ensuring that no one rescued
me from my prison until Sheryl did. Assuming she would at all, I suppose._

_Sheryl faces me again and embraces me. She presses her face against
my chest, nuzzles against the fabric, and takes a deep breath. I return
the embrace as much as one can with balled fists. She sighs and confides,
"I'd never thought I'd find anyone like you." She presses still closer,
and I can feel her hips slowly rocking into mine. After a few moments,
she helps me to the floor and straddles me seductively. I begin to nuzzle
my head against her breasts. "Use your hands," she whispers. "'Cause this
is your last chance to for a while." I don't need to be told._

_[Story
continues in Part 3](sheryl_straitjacket3.html)

29.09.03

story continues in [**Sheryl And The Straitjacket Incident 3**](sheryl_straitjacket3.html)

o0o
