---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesek/hedonia.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: Hedonia
authors:
- Nebuloso
tags:
- MF+/mf+
- resort
- transform
- bodymods
- cowgirls
- ponygirls
- drider
- latex
- nipple
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
---

Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction, where we can live and waste any number
of lives.
Licence: CC BY https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

**1. Foreboding Prologue**

Jenny shot a sideway glance at Sarah, who was driving the car.
"I still don't get, why you got lip injections," she said.
"Oh, let it go already," laughed Sarah. "You've been nagging me since I
returned from Hedonia. I though you were more open-minded than that. I like
the Angelina Jolie-look they give me."

Jennifer sighed. Of course she was open-minded, otherwise she would not be
driving with her best friend to this place.
Sarah found it via an Internet ad and spend a week of vacation time there
already. It was such an incredibly great place, that she persuaded
Jennifer to come, too. Hedonia was half spa, half sex-fair all under one
big roof.

The idea sounded weird to Jennifer and without Sarah, she would never go
there. Not interested in any kinky stuff or fetishes, she had never
visited any sex-fairs or conventions in her life. Maybe she was even afraid
of the people there. But when Sarah enthused about the spa and called her a
bourgeois for shying a place that contains a shop selling latex clothing,
she had to mend her reputation for being open and tolerant.

Though the new collagen lips were thought-provoking again. They made Sarah
look more like a sex-doll. A hypnotized sex-doll actually, since she hasn't
stopped praising the place since she was back. Luckily this conspiracy
theory stood in conflict with Sarah's a bit too plumb hips. If Hedonia
brainwashes women and surgically alters them into men's wet dreams, then
Sarah would also have gotten breasts implants and a liposuction.
And who would even think of such ridiculous theories anyways?

**2. At the reception**

"Here we are." said Sarah, when they arrived at a huge but rather full
parking area. "I'll let you out at the entrance and will try to find a
parking space, while you register the room, OK?" she asked.
Her good mood was infectious, so Jennifer started to brighten up a bit, too.

"Sure thing. From the looks of this place, this might take a while, though.
You'll need a shuttle service to come here, if you ever find a free spot!"
Jennifer answered.

"You can have a look at the shops alone for a while. The front part is
pretty much spa only. Baths, Manicure, facial masks, hair dressers, all
quite harmless for my shy little friend." Sarah said, smirking. "After
putting luggage into our rooms, please order the 'Senses' Program at the
reception. It has a number, too."
Sarah tried to remember. "I think it was 'Senses I3'", she finished.
"OK, see you soon. Call me, when we can meet!"

"Will do..." Sarah smiled and waved while driving away.

Jennifer shouldered their two bags. Luckily they decided not to take too
many clothes with them for the week, as they will go shopping every
day. Apart from relaxing in a mud bath, whirlpool or getting a pedicure,
there was not much else that they intended to do.

The place was huge. She went through one of the four double doors of
entrance F3 (how many entrances does this mall have?) and stopped in awe.

All kind of clothes or shoe shops, fitness and wellness centers,
hair-dressers and tattoo studios lined the sides of a huge hallway, that
extended far beyond sight on two levels. And each shop had the most
colorful and fancy decorations in the area in front of it.
There were holographic butterflies and paper jellyfish decorations, burning
incense sticks and beautiful ornaments in a thousand themes: Japanese tea
garden, underwater world, sunset at the beach and many more.
Sarah was right, this place is absolutely awesome.

Even the people were beautiful - mostly young women it seems. Well, the men
are probably in the sex-fair part of the mall. But even here the dresses
were quite daring. Mini-skirts, fishnet stockings and well filled tops
could be seen everywhere. A group of black-haired women with tight corsets
and crotch high heeled boots were giving out fliers in the distance.

"Harmless is something else", Jennifer thought smiling, "But I can live with
that. They probably have to provide something for the husbands and
boyfriends, otherwise none of them would accompany the girls to a wellness
week". She felt her mind relaxing and opening up.
"Boys like looking at beautiful women, everybody knows that."
The thought simply popped up in Jennifer's mind.

"Now where is the reception? I can't wait to get rid of these bags."

The reception was easy to find. A woman in a short red satin dress pointed
her to a narrow corridor on the right side and gave her the room keys.

"Your the first time here, right?" asked the receptionist.
Jennifer nodded.
"Don't be surprised by the small size of the room. It's more like a cabin,
really.
But I'm sure, that you will spend only little time inside it, and nearly
all of that sleeping."

"Sure. I didn't come here to spend my money on sitting in a luxury suite."
Jennifer said smiling. "Let me just drop off the bags, and I'll be right
back to order some ... Sense program for today."

"You probably mean 'Senses I3'."
Jennifer nodded.
"A great choice. I'll prepare the order form for you."

Walking along the corridor, Jennifer kept thinking about the receptionist's
dress. Nice and trendy for sure, but with those black seams, it seemed
better fit for a romantic evening in bed, than a day at work.

The cabin was indeed rather small. Something you'd expect on a small pleasure
boat. Even the bunks were stacked so that a small washing basin fits next
to two cupboards.
Jennifer threw the bags on the beds, choosing the lower bunk and returned
to the reception.

The receptionist showed her the order form and pointed to the line for the
signature. There was only little text, mostly describing payment methods
and refund options on cancellation.
"Did you read the brochure for the program?" asked the receptionist.

"No, but my friend outlined it for me. I simply can't wait to start."

"Well in that case, you should go an check it out right now.
There is a door in the center pillar about 50 meters down the hall.
I'll call and tell them to receive you immediately."

"Thanks a lot. I'm so excited."

Jennifer marveled at the colorful shops she passed on her way and noted
down some that she will surely visit. But after this long journey sitting
cramped in a car, she needed the massage and aroma therapy that comes with
the program that Sarah had suggested.

But upon entering through the door, she tripped because the corridor inside
was a step lower than the outside.
"Why was there no warning sign?" she cursed, trying to pull herself up,
when suddenly her power left her and she sprawled back to the floor,
unconscious.

**3. Intermezzo**

Sarah took off her shirt to reveal a padding around her waistline.
Removing it she smiled at herself in the mirror, stroking her perfect
hourglass figure.
Gratefully she removed the binding that pressed her breasts down.
She took a pipe from the wall next to the mirror and attached it to a small
hidden nozzle on the underside of her left breast, pumping it up to melon
size. After pumping up the second breast she caressed her thick nipples.
She was looking forward to meeting Master again. Maybe he will adopt
Jennifer as well?

**4. Cancellation**

Jennifer woke up lying in a bed - naked.
Furthermore, this was not the cabin where she left her luggage. It was much
bigger and apparently only for one person. On a small table stood a monitor - obviously a touchscreen computer greeting
her with the words: "Welcome To The Hedonia Senses Programs. Please Touch The
Screen For More Information."

Wrapping the bedsheets around herself, she sat down and touched the screen.
Navigating the program, she found out, that the aroma therapy program is
called "Senses AC" while "Senses I3" is explained as "For our more adventurous customers we offer the Senses I3 program.
Our patented neuroactive balsam, applied to your erogenous zones, will
greatly increase your sensitivity and help you achieve unknown heights.
The best way to enjoying our pleasure centers and activities throughout
the fairground".

"And I thought it's just cold in here" thought Jennifer, looking at her
erect nipples. Indeed, also the chair felt rather good on her behind.
She started caressing her breasts and felt herself washed away by a buzzing
feeling that rushed through her body. It felt so good, that the idea of
stopping the caressing was painful for her. She wanted to get higher on
this, needed to get higher.

Jennifer found herself on the floor, her hand sticky between her legs, the
other wrapped around her breast.
"Wow - patented indeed." she thought. "Luckily nobody was here. That would
have been embarrassing."
She continued reading

As an additional benefit, during the next three days, any stimulation
of the treated areas will, due to increased blood flow, make them grow
and expand. Surgical breast implants will be unnecessary. The more the
skin is stimulated in this interval, the more of the increased sensitivity
will linger permanently.

"Whoops, I really did not sign up for this!" thought Jennifer. "The feelings
are great, but running through life as big breasted nymphomaniac was none
of my plans."

Furthermore the I3 program cost about a three hundred times more than the AC
program. She needed to cancel this now.
After a while she found a way to contact a member of the staff via video
chat.

"Hedonia Senses Program, how can I help you?" asked a young man with a
headset on.
"Hi. There has been a terrible mistake. I got treated with the I3 program,
while I was unconscious after a fall."

"Ah yes, Ms. Jennifer, I remember you. A member of the staff found you
lying in the corridor. Since our doctor certified no injuries and the
initiation of the program requires a short anesthesia, we proceeded with
your order immediately. I'm sorry, if there is any problem because of
that."

"The problem is, that I wanted the AC program instead of I3. I must have
misheard my friend, or maybe she remembered wrong. I need to cancel the
order immediately."

"Cancel the I3 program? That is particularly difficult. As per our
contract, we must refund you the money if you chose to cancel the order.
Ah, I can also see that the payment was refused by your credit card
company anyways. Unfortunately the balsam cannot be removed from your body."

"What? What am I supposed to do then?"

"I will cancel the order for you. But since you don't want to enjoy the
benefits of the program, you need to stay restricted to your room for the
next three days, until the effects of the balsam wear off."

"Three days inside this room? This was supposed to be a vacation!"

"I can see how unfortunate this is for you. I think the least we can do it
offer you the AC program for free, once you can leave the room again. We
will also cover the costs for the room and food. You'll have Internet
access on this terminal and can use the clothes in the cupboards, although
they were intended for Program I3 members.
Unless you want to proceed with the I3 program and you can find some other
account with sufficient funds?"

"No, no. Please continue with the cancellation. Please tell my friend Sarah
to get in contact with me. She is probably waiting somewhere at entrance
F3. Or better yet, get my luggage into this room!"

"Of course, we will do that. Please note, that I had to change the door
code, so you cannot leave the room. But if you need anything you only need
to call. This desk is available 24/7. Thank you and enjoy your time as
much as you can."

The video session ended.

"Wow - three days in this small room - damn. At least the rest of the
vacation turns out to be free. And with Sarah down here, we'll have fun
enough in this room," Jennifer thought.

**5. Breaking the rules**

"First for the clothes," Jennifer decided.
Upon opening the first wardrobe, she was hit with the smell of latex, so
she closed it immediately. But the other wardrobes also contained
synthetic materials only, mostly PVC and fake leather. She also found some
few nylon dresses, stockings and gloves, but they proved to be too
aggressively revealing for her tastes. What she tried on was far too tight
on the waist and pressed her breasts forward. She found about 6 pairs of
high heeled boots, but no sandals or slippers.

"Well, no clothes then," Jennifer decided. "I don't really need anything
while sitting alone in this room anyway."

Instead she decided to browse the Internet for a while, but only got error
pages about broken connections. The support desk guy profusely apologized
and offered her 20 credits on her in-house card.

Bored Jennifer lay down on her bed. The thought crossed her mind to masturbate
again, but she did not want to be slave to her feelings.
Finally her eyes fell on the small number pad next to the door. According
to the greeting card, the code is, no was, 2743 - only four digits.
With nothing else to do, she can just as well try out some combinations.
How great would it be to enjoy her free spa program already today?

The keypad produced quite hideous beeping sounds, but soon Jennifer noticed
that while 1111, 2222 until 4444 produced all the same sounds, the initial
5 of her 5555 beeped much higher than all other sounds. It didn't take her
long to figure out, that the new combination was 5398 and a small click in
the door rewarded her.

But what can she do without clothes? On the other hand, she was obviously
moved to the erotic fair side of the mall and going out stark naked was
probably less provoking than wearing any of the clothes in that
wardrobe. Maybe she can buy something acceptable in a shop of the fair and
then enter the spa area dressed. OK, she might have to compromise, but
since the alternative meant sitting in a small room for three days, her plan
was set. She fetched her Hedonia credit card and slowly opened the door.

**6. Entering hel^B^B^B the erotic fair**

The corridor she walked down was lined with locked doors on the inner side of
a long curve and ... decorations ... on the opposing wall. Protruding
phalluses, holes for breasts and glory holes looked actually artistically
great, but Jennifer wondered how many perverts of this place will confuse
these decorations when they return drunk to their rooms in the evening.

When she came closer to the main hallway (judging by the increasing volume),
she saw two young woman standing in the corridor. They were dressed in fiery
colorful dresses of red and yellow.
They smiled and greeted her:
"Hi, I am Cher ..."
The second struck a pose, saying
"... I am Bee ..."

Jennifer started "Nice to mee...", when a third woman stepped up from behind
her, grabbed her breasts, whispering "... and I am Rose!" into her ear.

The same feeling washed over Jennifer again, when all three woman started
caressing her body. The though of pushing them a way was unbearable. She
needed to get higher again and the three knew exactly how to treat her.
Fingers pushed into her wet vagina and smeared her juices over her breasts
and bottom, both of which felt like burning. Even her lips and tongue seemed
to be on fire, when she greedily returned Bee's kisses.

If she would have been able to concentrate, she would have heard Cher saying
"How brave of a first-day girl to come out naked. I wonder if she knows
what that means."

When she finally orgasmed, Jennifer found herself riding a dildo on a saddle
that protrudes the side wall, sucking Rose's tit. Cher, Bee and Rose were
much faster in recovering and left her to cool down.

Her senses finally clear again, Jennifer felt rather awkward. Standing
up from the dildo, she stumbled to the other side of the corridor and leaned
against the wall, panting.

"Just my luck," she thought. In an erotic fair that is filled with men
(against which she can surely assert herself), she has to meet the only
three lesbians, which also happen to be pros in the art of female
sensuality. She was simply caught off guard. She had not been prepared for
an encounter like this. Yes, that must have been the reason. She wanted to
save the other orgasm today for the evening, but now that her
self-prescribed limit was reached already, she had to be extra hard for the
remainder of the day. Jennifer gathered up her courage: "No problem!"

Prepared for everything, she continued (slightly swaying) towards the main
hallway, not noticing the trail of drops she left on the floor.

**7. Trying to remember**

Jennifer woke the next morning in her bed in the small cabin. A lovely
smell was hanging in the air, probably coming from the wardrobe, that was
left open. Her boobs looked at least a cup larger than what was normal,
puffy nipples standing erect, and also her tushy seemed more padded
than usual. Her lips felt slightly inflated and there was definitely more
swollen flesh between her legs. It took Jennifer some willpower, not to
start masturbating again. Simply licking her lips, made her love hole
moist.

Straightening up in bed, she tried to remember what had happened yesterday.
How did she end up in this room again? Slowly the jigsaw pieces
reassembled: Her new friend Tracy brought her back into her room.
Tracy also told her, what it means to go out naked: I am virgin, I am empty.
I'm not a slave, nor a mistress and have no sexual preference. I will adapt
to my partner's whishes.

That's also the reason for her fuzzy memory: She was passed around for many
hours. She must have passed out many times, but only in the evening did
somebody (Tracy) understand, that she was not able to find her way back
alone. She remembers screaming and mumbling "Fuck me", "Stick it into me" and
other unsuitable exclamations.

And the people she saw there. They had the weirdest costumes and some of them
did not seem to be completely human anymore.
Like the guy that attached himself to her nipple directly upon entering
the main hallway. She saw his face only for an instant, because, once
attached, his hands cupped the rest of her boob and somehow hooked into his
mask, so that his head was not easily separated from her nipple. And how
she tried. Did he even have a nose?

Some costumes sprouted dildos on the stomach or the legs.

One looked like an ass on high heeled boots. Her upper body was bent and
bound downwards. Men used to kneel down behind her and lick and kiss her
invitingly open holes, while their dick was sucked between her PCV ankles
from her swollen dolly mouth. Jenifer sighed and closed her eyes,
imagining feeling the boots close to her cheeks all day long.

At least one woman (or was it a man) had tits the size of small rockets;
another one nipples like dildos. Some were walking on all fours, on leashes
behind a master or not. And she was pretty sure that she was fucked by a
centaur once.

Images of people with vaginas or sphincter muscles instead of their mouth
(at least the latex mask made it look so) flashed before her mind.

She didn't even have a chance to look at any of the shops. There was always
somebody in front of her, shoving some genitals into her face.

Sure, it was all very erotic. Sexual fantasies came true, also for her, but
something was not normal about that, or was it? It was not as bad as she
had imagined yesterday. But she simply couldn't remember what that other
thing was - that perverse thing that she feared they were doing on this
side of the mall.

Obviously this balsam was too strong for her will. She shouldn't dare going
out there again.

At least...

At least not naked. If she had learned one thing yesterday, it is that by
dressing up in strong, dominating clothes, you have the say. Nobody fucked
the mistresses without asking for permission. Also, the outfit can contain
quite many layers, so that direct easy access is simply not there. And
didn't she see some dominatrices yesterday in the spa?

That fixed the plan. Jennifer rose from the bed and opened the wardrobe
completely.

**8. Fine feathers make fine birds**

30 minutes later Jennifer looked at herself approvingly in the full length
mirror. She chose simple black for her complete outfit: A
semi-transparent shirt under a long boned corset with spiked openings
around her nipples. Take that, nipple-suckers! The fishnet stockings were
barely visible between the top of the 8 cm heeled crotch high latex boots
and her vagina pants. The pants tightly hugged her curves and her swollen
vagina lips and ass crack were highlighted in flaming red latex. Front and
rear end can be opened with a zipper - but only if she chooses so. In her
gloved hand she was waving a crop.

Only her hair - shoulder length - was brown and did not fit the outfit.
Rummaging through the cupboards around the sink she found some black hair
coloring and makeup. Perfect!

It was not before noon that Jennifer was completely satisfied. Why indeed
did she not do this already yesterday? Going out completely naked,
unprotected must lead to disaster. Now she is 8 cm taller, vagina and
nipples secure behind a layer of latex and with a stare that will make any
pervert melt out of her way. And if that's not enough - she let the crop
hit her left hand - \*he\* will suffer.

Today she will not feel out of control!

On her way along the corridor, Jennifer was in an exceptionally good mood.
While passing she pinched some nipples and stroked some of the larger
penises protruding out of the wall.

When she reached Cher and Bee, she was prepared. Turning around, she shoved
her latex fingers into Rose's vagina and kissed her hard and short on the
mouth.
"Worship my ass" she hissed towards the other two before concentrating on
making Rose orgasm fast. Cher and Bee kneed down behind her and started
licking and kissing her latex covered ass cheeks. Again Jenifer felt the
rush and the pants seemed suddenly extra tight, but she stayed in control.
When Rose collapsed to the floor, she turned around. She loved it how the
two woman looked adoringly up at her.
"You may satisfy yourselves while licking my boots," she commanded.

Two minutes later she purposefully stepped over their crumbled bodies and
entered the main hallway, high heels clicking loudly.

**9. The erotic fair**

Today Jennifer did not stand out. The boots gave her a sense of superiority,
so holding her head high, she strode into the hallway, graciously nodding
towards equally prominent figures. Lower denizens melted away under her stern
glance. The nipple suckers scuttled away.

But even after taking a longer more concentrated look, she did not understand
all shops. OK, some of them sold extraordinary costumes - custom fit only. Few
had racks with "standard" fetish wear and accessories.

Most shops seem to provide services instead of selling merchandise.
For example "Gender shift" - according to the posters - put you into body-
changing suits or added any number of primary or secondary sexual organs.
They will probably hold for a day or two on your body.
The shop next to it, "Gender switch", was of a more permanent nature. The
logos of the two shops (a penis and a vagina) connected between them.

But other transformations were possible as well. "Android-U" must have
attached the laser ocular to that slave. Her master was occupied pressing some
buttons on a remote, when the slave suddenly jerked and walked stiffly over
to Jennifer. "Master Taylor greets the new goddess of beauty. He would be
honored if she would spend some time with him." she said with a blank
stare and a monotone voice.

Flustered, Jennifer said "Ehh, tell him, well, thank you but I am very busy
at the moment. Maybe some other time."
Although he could not have heard her over the hubbub of the fair, he bowed
and waved a farewell already while his slave returned to sit by his feet.

Jennifer continued looking at shops and people. There were many entrances
to shops without display windows. Their names were as exotic as "Queens Nest",
"Tropical Haven", "Enchanted under the sea", "Wildcats" or "Underworld".
The decorations and logos, while beautiful and fitting, did not tell her
what would await her inside.

"The Kings Stables" entrance was flanked by two life sized statues. One of
a bipedal ponygirl, one of an impressive stallion, penis extended to full
length. The royal crest above the door gave the shop a very noble and
traditional look. So they were most probably not responsible for the human
faced Tauntaun that carried it's rider along the hallway. Big horns framed
her beautiful face with gleaming red eyes. The bridle in her mouth revealed
long sharp teeth and a far too long tongue.

Jennifer wondered how much of this was done with costumes alone. Just like
the "vagina faces" or nipple suckers it was not visible where the skin
ended and which part was artificial. The quality of the masks was superb.

The "Dairy Farm" sold milk, milking machines and - of course - "cows".
Some specimens were standing on all fours inside the shop (which was made up
as a barn). Although their face was completely human (ignoring the horns),
their gaze was as intelligent as toast, as they ruminated their oats.
Browsing a small informative poster, Jennifer was amazed to see that the Farm
claimed to be able to grow real udders on humans - female or male.

A small kiosk that sold a milky drink in penis-shaped squeeze bottles
reminded Jennifer that she hadn't eaten any (solid) food for over a day.
The corset helped against the worst rumbling of her stomach, but she should
start searching for a food place now.

Suddenly a large drider stepped into her way. It started making clicking
sounds for a moment before it stopped frustrated and flapped back a face mask.
It was Tracy, her friend from yesterday.
"A much more sensible choice in clothes, Jennifer. I like it!" she said,
smiling.

"Wow, you scared me there for a moment, Tracy. Thank you. I realize too,
that I made a bad mistake yesterday, but hey, I couldn't have known. What
are you up to? Having sex and then eating your partner?" Jennifer smirked.

"Haha, no, I opted out of that one. I'm laying eggs."

"Laying eggs? What ... I can't even..." - Jennifer was puzzled.

"It's a quest. No, it's this suit. Oh, it's a long story. You don't really
know that much about this place, eh?"

"No. I don't even know where to find a restaurant. I'm rather hungry."

"Have one of my eggs! They are very nutritious."

Tracy squatted down and produced a milky white egg from her abdomen, which
she handed Jennifer balanced between the tips of her front legs. She
obviously had some difficulties, because her actual hands were hidden a
good 10 cm away from the tip of the insect leg. Also the movement of her
lower 6 legs looked awkwardly controlled. Her actual legs must be hidden
somewhere in her large abdomen.
"It's actually one of the first quests to search for eggs that spiders like
me hide everywhere. Also, they taste delicious!"

Jennifer licked the surface of the egg. It had a thin, sugary-crystalline
hull and was filled with cream. And it was indeed delicious. After
yesterdays ordeal it took her quite a while to realize the strong smell of
vaginal juices from the egg.
"How is it made? You said the suit produces it?" Jennifer asked, her mouth
full.

"Yes. The suit pumps me full with some hormones to increase milk and juice
flow. Out of these raw materials the suit makes the eggs." Tracy smiled and
looked as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

Jennifer was a bit taken aback, but politeness and hunger prevented her from
dropping the egg. After all, she had done other things with Tracy's juices
yesterday. Also it really was delicious!
"OK, gotta run. Still 24 eggs to hide." Trace waved and steered her suit
away. It took her a lot of concentration to move all legs in the right
order. "Check out the Quest Point, about 80 meters thataway. It should
get you started well."
Jennifer thanked her and proceeded along the indicated direction.

**10. Choosing a quest**

On her way she saw a couple of nipple suckers lurking around a side corridor
leading to more sleeping quarters. The costume must be some kind of uniform,
because they look exactly the same, despite the fact that one had boobs
and the other one a dick. They were perpetually bent forward, balancing on
their high heels and had a face mask that hid their nose (unless they have
surgically removed it) and looked more like a sucker fish.

Sure enough a naked woman soon stumbled panting and disoriented into the main
hallway and was immediately attacked by the nipple suckers. More denizens
of the fair started to move towards the girl.
"That was a stupid mistake of you" said Jennifer under her breath. She was
happy not to be the only one that erred so completely in the choice of
clothing.

Quest Point looked like an old inn. The barkeeper was dressed like a soldier in
jungle camouflage. Muscular and with a prominent scars across their face, he
was just the kind of retired warrior that would lead an inn and tell
adventurers about quests.
The walls were lined with photographs of special quests, that is of their
goal and the winners. The first finder of the ancient cave (Return To The
Beginnings Quest) was just flapping back the outer lips and pointing towards
the glowing clitoris above the entrance with a long dildo.
The current holder of the golden strap-on strikes a rock star pose with
many other people bowing to her.

"New here!" stated the barkeeper when she approached the counter. Under the
piercing stare of the soldier, her confidence faltered.

"Don't back down now", Jennifer thought. "Be worthy of the clothes that you
wear!" Concentrating on the hardness of her corset and her long boots,
Jennifer gathered up her confidence.
"What do you have for me", she managed, concentrating fully on keeping the
eye contact. Somehow this felt like an important test.
The barkeeper just stared back.

Jennifer felt uncomfortable.

Finally the barkeeper broke the glance. Jennifer was very relieved and
noticed only now, that she had stopped breathing.
"There are two main beginners quests: Gather 10 eggs or gather 40 carat of
Probenol. But for a mistress such as yourself I suggest to skip those and
try the Acquire A Slave Quest instead."

"Acquiring a slave also sounds more like me", Jennifer managed, still a bit
shaken from the staring contest. "What are the details?"

"It's simple: Find a newbie - in your case a male. Break his will and
prove his submission with one of these ... rituals." He gave her a list.
"As an award for successful completion of the quest you will receive a
domination league membership chip. The main benefit of course is that you
will have a slave. You can keep him or auction him off."
Jennifer was puzzled again.

"This newbie, what about his..." she started.

"Of course he must do those things voluntarily. It's up to you to teach
him what he really wants. You are not allowed to apply force or even threaten
him during the ritual. Just read the list!" the barkeeper insisted.

Jennifer read:
\* Slave spends a night (min. 6 hours) between your legs, satisfying you
\* wins a pony race with you as rider
\* survives an hour with the wildcats
\* Voluntary gender change
\* Voluntary surgery at Accessorize
\* can cum on (your) command
\* can make 4 people orgasm at the same time
\* leads some friends to Hedonia (psych test required before leaving)
and some more.
The word "voluntary" calmed her down. Of course it's not really her slave
if she has to force him doing those things. So in the end, nothing bad is
done to the slave. Her slave! Her very own slave!

"Put this on your crop", the barkeeper said, producing a small flask from
under the counter. "It will help you overcome his initial inhibitions, when
he smells it."

Out of reflex Jennifer sniffed it before applying it to her crop. But it
was not any surprisingly new smell. In fact she has smelled this fragrance
before in her room, on Bee and even this list of rituals. The barkeeper
smiled a bit, watching Jennifer shrug her shoulders and drip a few drops on
the tip of her crop.
"You will find male newbies coming through the entrances in the west, from
the spa side. I suggest you get a ride at the stables, unless you want
to walk all the way. Good luck!"

"The spa side", Jennifer thought while leaving the inn. Wasn't there
something that she wanted to do? But thoughts of her future slave
distracted her. Maybe she can even invent a new ritual which will be added
to the list.

**11. The stables**

The stables were situated directly adjacent to the QuestPoint and bore the
name "Neigh and Day". Inside Jennifer found a small counter with all kind
of riding equipment in front of two rows of horse boxes. She heard some
shuffling of straw, clacking of hooves and clanking of metal on metal.

Jennifer decided that it was the stable-hands responsibility to approach
her, so she just watched him impatiently. Sure enough he came over
immediately and made a deep bow.

"How may I be of service, mistress?" he asked.
Jennifer smiled; she just couldn't wait to have her very own slave.

"I need a ride to the spa entrance. How much riding experience is needed for
your horses?"

"My horses are very mild. And it's all very easy: First you can choose the
horse. It's the saddle" - he pointed at the shelves behind the counter -
"that makes the horse go. As you can see, these parts connect with it's
sex. That's why they are usually wild on getting to ride out. When you are
there, just pull on this strap to disable the stimulus. The horse will come
back here on it's own."

"I see that not only the horse will enjoy the ride" Jennifer said, pointing
towards the one or two dildos protruding from the saddles.

"Yes, these are actually necessary so that you will not slide off the back.
Remember that our horses are bipedal."

"Let's have a look at the horses then." she said and went to the first box.

There were 4 ponygirls and 3 ponyboys, clad from head to toe - that is,
hoof - in skintight latex of different colors. They had realistic looking
horse ears that moved to the side or the front to follow the sounds. The
eyes had large dark irises and very long lashes and watched her
expectantly. Recognizing her as a possible rider, they all shuffled to the
box door to greet her. The ponyboy's freely hanging dicks started to harden
in their latex sack. The boobs of impressive 45 cm rocket shaped length
stood up straight to the front with their nipples open and decorated with
metal rings. But most impressive was their tiny waist and flaring hips,
supported by a vicious looking corset. Along the back side, the corset had
metal hooks to attach the saddle. All horses held their arms and hands,
also encased in hoofs, at the front.

Patting their necks and stroking the huge boobs, Jennifer thought of
needing somebody to stroke her boobs and ass, too. She didn't want her
boobs to grow to the same size, but she hadn't had any sex yet today. That
can't be right...

Finally she decided for Cindy, a white horse with gray patches on her hind-
well, on her legs.
The stable hand fetched a double f saddle: female horse, female rider.
All in all it had 4 dildos and some tubes leading from the rider's seat to
the mouth part of the reins. Jennifer paid 2 credits with her card.

He helped (and Cindy very willingly also helped) attaching the contraption
onto the wide hips of the horse and the rein into the mouth. Jennifer then
opened her cunt and ass zipper and carefully mounted the kneeling horse.
Strangely also her ass was well lubricated and let in the dildo slip in
easily. For a few moments the wonderful feelings washed over her again,
but by now she was quite good at keeping control. Grasping the reins, she
signalled Cindy to stand up.

It was grand, just like putting on high heeled boots all over again.
She towered even more over other people and felt on top of the world.
Her legs rested comfortably against Cindy's tiny waist, the boots secure
in the stirrups. Her boobs (did they grow again?) sometimes touched the
head of the horse, sending tingles through her body.

Now she pulled a strap to insert the dildos into the horse and felt it shudder
with delight. With a gracious nod for thanks towards the stable hand, she
guided Cindy out of the door, into the hallway. Each step of the horse
shifted the dildos inside her cunt and ass.

**12. Riding west**

Rinding on Cindy through the fair was very much like sex. Jennifer
couldn't concentrate on looking at the shops, as she was busy controlling
the pace with which the dildos slammed into her. After three orgasms, she
had to stop the horse for a while to get her breath back. Cindy had a
fantastic constitution. Her legs were strong enough to carry both of them
and she even moved gracefully.

Looking around, Jennifer saw a woman in some sexy Lara Croft costume and a
small half-filled knapsack approach a water fountain at an empty stretch of
wall and kneeling down in front of it. She opened a small door at it's base
and exclaimed in joy at finding two eggs hidden inside. But while she was
distracted with opening her sack to put the treasure inside, a large drider
dropped from the ceiling at the opposite wall and ran over to her with
perfect use of all eight legs. Before Lara could jump up, the drider bit
her into the arm and caught her fainting form with 4 legs.

Fascinated, Jennifer watched the drider encase Lara in some kind of web,
constricting her waist and binding her arms behind her back. After a minute,
Lara was packed in bondage and gagged, when she started to wake up again.
She wriggled left and right but was not able to shake off the gluey web.
The drider had left her already, and also Jennifer pulled the reins to
continue her trip, dreaming of binding her slave in her own juices.
A nipple sucker scuttled towards Lara's direction to free her, or at least
free her breasts from the web...

The further she came to the west, the more ordinary became the shops. When
she saw the great dividing wall with many doors in the distance, only shops
with standard fetish clothes, peep shows and dance clubs lined the hallway.

She decided to stop at a small café which view on the entrance doors, to
which her stomach agreed.
It made her feel a bit sad to remove Cindy's dildos and unmount her. She
hugged her a last time, pressing her huge tits against her own and finally
gave her a clap on the ass to send her on her way. Closing her own zippers
left her hands drenched in her own juices, which were all around both her
holes.

Thoughtfully licking her latex gloves clean, she took seat and scanned the
menu. But while sitting, the corset pressed into her stomach, making it
clear that there is not much that will fit right now.
Finally she decided for a banana split ice cream and crossed her legs,
watching the doors.

27.05.12

story continues in [**Hedonia 2**](hedonia2.html)

o0o
