---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mummy Fun
authors:
- Dr Strangelust
tags:
- M/f
- mum
- wrap
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-05 00:00:00
---

My slave and I had been getting
together for bondage play for a few months. We especially like mummification.

I had her wrapped from throat
to ankles in rose colored wrap and carefully lowered her onto the bed.
This was somewhat difficult for two reasons. First she outweighs me by
a few dozen pounds, second, I was wearing my favorite spike heeled, thigh
high rubber boots. She was barely able to bend enough to sit on the edge
of the bed. I slowly tipped her back until she lost her balance and plopped
across the bed. I then lifted her legs and slid her the rest of the way
on.

Once she was centered on
the bed I crawled on next to her and we cuddled for a bit. I fondled her
massive boobs, we smooched for a bit. I stroked her legs with a spiked
heel, giving her a few jabs in the navel and crotch. She giggled and oohed!
in appreciation I then straddled her, sitting on her pot belly with my
cock pressed up to her breasts.

I asked her, "How do you
like looking like a bunch of easter eggs?"

"I do don't I ", she laughed.

"I'll give you something
to laugh about" said I, stroking her tits with a riding crop.

"Uh oh, I'm in trouble now."

I sat back farther on her,
locked eyes with her, raised the crop up, then over my head and then behind
me. Planting my heels on either side of her head, I leaned way back, grabbed
her tits for balance and tickled her toes with the crop. This had the expected
effect.

" Oh! You like that do you"
I said as I climbed off her to focus on her feet. I switched to a short
straight whip and proceeded to gently tickle her towards ecstasy. I discovered
that she had sensitive feet and soon had her laughing uncontrollably. When
we had reached a certain point I gave her a sharp stroke across the bare
bottoms of her feet. This brought a nice sharp squeal out of her.

Now, to get at her feet better,
I rolled her over onto her chest. Since she is much bigger near the top
than at her feet, this left her at an angle with her head hanging over
the edge of the bed. I decided to leave her like that since she could breath
easier and I planned on gagging her in a few minutes.

Getting back to her feet,
I tickled her soles with a fingernail for a minute. At this she giggles.
Switching back to the crop I started, gently, to spank her feet. Working
up to stronger blows I could see her soles turning pink. This brought on
a series of strange utterances such as "Oh!" and "Ah!" and "I'm slipping"
followed by "OOH!" then, I think, "Oohahow?" whatever that means.

"Well I've heard enough of
this" Said I, walking over to the toy box and rummaging for a gag. As I
untangled the rubber thing from the other rubber things she called out
"here I go!". Looking back at the bed I saw that she was indeed going,
very slowly, sliding head first off the bed.

"Hang on. I'm coming" I said,
moving as fast as 5 inch heels would allow in my cluttered bedroom.

" With what? I really can't
move my arms or anything" she said still laughing.

I grabbed her feet just as
her enormous breasts popped over the edge. This stopped her sliding for
the moment but that was all. Between my heels, her weight and the wall
at my back I could not pull her back. Once those tits went over, there
was no backing up.

I tried going around the
bed to try and lift her back, but hadn't gone two steps when she started
sliding faster. Getting a good grip on her ankles and bracing one pointy
boot against the bed rail it was all I could do to hold her still.

"Um, I don't suppose you
could get an arm loose or something?"

She squirmed appealingly
for a few seconds. "no way. I told you I was slipping."

" Yeah, but I didn't know
what you meant."

Straining awkwardly for half
a minute, I realized we could be in serious trouble here. She could break
her neck if I didn't let her down gently enough.

"Hey, Who's Phil Dick?"

"Hunh?"

" Who is Philip K Dick? You
have a couple of his books down here. And some Robert Silverberg and "
craning her neck around " Vonnegut, Theodore Sturgeon."

"Its all science fiction.
No girl stuff" I joked.

" Well I've read some Vonnegut.
In fact I read this one a long time ago".

"I forget, which one is it?"

"Galapagos"

" Oh, I didn't like that
one very much.But seriously, I'm going to let you down slowly. I don't
want you to break your neck so brace yourself and let me know if you feel
any discomfort."

" You mean other than being
mummified in plastic wrap, hanging upside-down, sliding to a messy floor
while my boyfriend tugs on my feet?"

"Exactly. are you ready?"

"Okay"

"Once your head touches down
you will have to twist your body to the right. I will help at this end
and bring your feet over to the edge."

As her body slid to the floor
I realized she was going to be wedged between the bed and my dresser. "Oh
well, I figured she can live with that." Once her big rump was on the floor
with no mishap I let her feet drop with a thud.

" I wonder what the people
downstairs are thinking?" she said.

" They probably think those
people upstairs sure are having a good time."

"Well, what are we going
to do now." said she, wriggling slightly but unable to move much at all.

" I think the rules say I
have to play this as it lays." I said, placing one foot on her rump.

"What rules?"

"Never mind what rules. I'm
still in charge here and you are my slave." I say, picking up a whip and
pressing my heel deep into her.

"Yes Master, but your slave
is laying on her arm at a bad angle and my elbow is starting to hurt."

"Oh, in that case I guess
we've had enough for one day."

I reach for the scissors
and open up the side. She waves her arm a bit and says "that's better but
I'm still wedged down here."

I take her hand but still
cannot lift her. I ended up having to move the bed to free her.
