---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Good Fences Don’t always make Good Neighbors Part 2
authors:
- Captain Lance
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- latex
- corset
- gag
- outdoors
- burial
- oral
- sex
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2010-09-04 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Good Fences Don’t always make Good Neighbors...**](goodfences.html))

Good Fences, Part #2

Friday night came so slowly, it seemed like an eternity. I had planned what I was going to do, to wear, and how to treat the special occasion that was coming.

It was only one day, 24 hours, but time seemed to crawl.

Then, it was time!. DeeDee and I sat across from each other at the supper table. She had prepared my favorite meal, and had treated me like we were a newly dating couple all day, not like a couple that had separated, but were contentiously living under the same roof. “ Are you going to be OK with this, my having my new boyfriend here in our house, in our bed tonight?” she queried.

“ Yes”, I said, it’s your decision to make, after all you set me up with Debbi for the night”

“Great, then you won’t mind helping me get ready, will you?” she asked.

Dinner was done, off to the upstairs we went, hand in hand for the first time in over a year. She took our bright crimson red satin sheets out of the closet, Oh if these could talk, I thought. The memories that these had held...

Making the bed carefully, as to not show one wrinkle she made sure to tell me about her plans for the night, Dee certainly knew the way to invoke jealousy to her advantage. We laid out over a dozen red candles strategically arranged around the room for the best effect. Finishing up she then asked me if I would mind helping her dress. This was always one of my lusts, helping my lady prepare herself for our nights together, now, it was to please her new suitor.

Stripping naked, she chose a red and white leather wasp waisted corset that I had given her for her last birthday. Covering from just under the bust to her hips, it was seduction to the “Nth” degree in my eyes. As she slipped into it, she turned around and asked me to bind her into the corset. Taking the laces in hand, I began to pull tighter and tighter. When in my eyes It was finished, she admonished me and told me that her suitor wanted her waist Tiny, and to keep pulling. She made sure to remind me how horny she got when she was tightly laced and nearly unable to breath. I complied and the corset was tightened to it’s smallest possible size, nearly 7 inches smaller than her already small waist.

Next came red and white matching leather wrist and ankle cuffs  and a choker collar with “D” rings from the same set.  Lying on the bed, she pointed to the white knee high ballet boots standing in the corner and told me to put them on her, which I did. Being a boot fetishist, this was heaven for me. Each lace that I pulled tight made me more and more excited as I saw her foot point straight down parallel with her beautiful leg. She then  told me to pull the restraint chains from under the bed attaching them to her leather cuffs and fasten her down, as tightly as possible.  The final coupe’ de gras was a ring gag that she commanded me to place in her mouth and pull tight behind her neck.

Finished and awaiting her lover, I gazed at her, and marshaling all my strength I was just barely able to keep from raping her right then and there. Looking into her lustful eyes, I could not decide if that was actually what she desired all the time or not. Lust getting the better of me, I kneeled down on the edge of the bed, and without a word worked my way up to her glistening, wet pussy. She was dripping her juices of passion, obviously terribly excited. Taking my mouth carefully and gently. I pressed my lips against the puffy lips of her pussy and began to slowly lick and suck at her.

From the first touch, she began to moan and groan, leaving any doubts about her desires aside. She climaxed in minutes, and explosively, nearly ripping her bindings off. Slipping away, I blew a kiss to her and got myself dressed for my night. Latex jeans, high boots of silver leather, a latex tee shirt and gauntlet gloves were my attire for the night. Walking next door I saw the front door open, and a paper note tacked to it saying ” Come in, I’m upstairs”.  Complying, I found Debbi in her bedroom, dressed in a see thru red baby-doll nighty and platform CFM heels with ankle straps. The lights were low, soft music was playing and the scent of vanilla filled the air. My boots and jeans flew off and we lost our selves in passions know only to the luckiest of lovers.

Several hours later, we were both spent and had fallen asleep in each other’s arms.

Awakening, I glanced out of her bedroom window, I saw a bright yellow Porsche parked in my driveway. My cock instantly grew rock hard, imagining the evening that Dee was surely having. Debbi sat up and looked straight into my eyes and asked me ”Will you listen to something very important I want to tell you, and wait till I am done to comment?”

“Of course” I replied.

“Well, for nearly two years I have wanted to do something that never leaves my mind. I am obsessed with it.  I tried in vein to get my Ex to do it with me, but her refused. Will you be my facilitator with this need of mine?”

“Yes”, I replied without thought. How crazy can it be?

“OK, you promised, remember that. I want you to bury me alive.”.

“WHAT?” I said.

“You heard me, buried alive in the back yard... I have planned it out to the last detail, and have everything I need. I even had the landscaper dig the hole today when he was here cutting the lawn.”

“You are crazy, you’ll die.” I said.

“NO, she replied, “everything is accounted for. You will leave me there for a period of time that you decide, and then come back and remove me. When I am taken out of the earth, I can assure you a session of sex like no other you have ever experienced. “

She went to her closet and took out a black latex catsuit. It was beautiful, it had an attached hood with clear plastic lenses for the eyes, a rubber tube about 2 feet long coming from the mouth, attached gloves, feet and straps attached to the right leg at the ankle, above the knee, around the chest and neck. On the same hanger was a corset of bright yellow latex with very severe steel boning and a matching neck corset.

“See, she said, “This will protect me from anything bad, and let me breath as well... unless, you decide to cut the tube off while I am down there”.

“The straps insure that even if I panic, I cannot possibly dig myself out or move around at all.”.

All I could do is stare, with my mouth wide open, She was very serious indeed. Taking my hand, she pointed me to the rear window of her room. Looking outside, I could see the pile of earth next to the hole in the rear of the yard.

“I guess you are serious, no?” I asked.

“YES’ I am” was her immediate reply.

“OK”, I think you are nuts, but OK” I told her.

With that she at once started to dress. The catsuit had the extra feature of the large vibrator dildo built in that would impale her soaking wet pussy. In each moulded bra cup was a small pin about the size of a thumb tack that would surely impale her nipples. Pointing to them, she only smiled and took a deep breath.

I oiled her body from head to toe with silicon dressing fluid. No part of her was missed, I assure you. Helping her slide into her suit was a treat, it was super tight, and fit like a glove. When the dildo impaled her pussy she moaned and breathed out deeply with an obvious flood of passion. Pulling the suit up, and pulling the hood over her head completed the affair. I zipped the back of the suit up, making it fit her like a skin on a hot dog. As the zipper neared her neck, the pins in her bra cups must have hit home, as she shuddered and cried out a tiny scream. I fitted the corset to her waist, pulled it tight, and then the neck corset. She could not turn her head, nor move it in any direction.

Breathing became a chore as it fitted very tightly. I asked if she wanted it loosened, but she shook her head “NO”. I took the bright yellow ankle boots from her closet and fitted them to her beautiful latex covered legs. They had a 2 inch platform, and 7 inch heels. Not easy to walk or stand in to be sure. I took the remote for her dildo and taped it into her right hand, so she would not loose it while being buried. Looking at her, I asked if she wanted to forget it and go back to bed.  Another “NO” was rapidly replied.

“OK” I said, and taking her hand, I lead her down stair and outside to her new sanctuary. The weather had changed in the last hour or so, and a steady Summer’s rain was falling.  Laughing, she said, ”At least I won’t get wet” pointing to her entire latex outfit. At the hole, we stopped and didn’t say a word for a minute or so. The quite was like a curtain of stone. “Let’s go”, she said. “I’m ready to be buried now.”

With that, she stepped down into the hole. It was about 3 feet deep, and was filling with water from the rain. “Icky” she said. She kneeled down first, Taking a handful of the wet dirt and rubbed it on her chest and crotch. The effect was obvious. An orgasm shot through her body like lightning. She sat down and began to fasten the straps around both of her ankles, knees, and then she lay down, asking me to strap her arms together with the chest strap.  I climbed into the hole with her, straddling her latex covered body. As I was wearing only the latex tee shirt that I had come with, my exposed cock rubbed against her slippery wet body, sending a rush of adrenalin through my body.  She then pressed her wrists together and I fastened the last strap tightly around them.

I once again asked her if she wanted to stop. She gently shook her head side to side indicating another “no”.

“You may bury me alive, now. I am ready, but please leave my face for last, I want to see myself being buried.”

“Yes”, I gulped.

Climbing from the hole, I took the shovel from the pile of dirt, and began to fill the hole in. The first shovel full landed on her stomach, by no coincidence. Slowly, to maximize the effect for her, I filled the hole in carefully working from her feet to her neck, leaving her head uncovered as she so badly wanted. I filled in commentary as I worked, telling her how it was progressing since she could not move her head from looking straight up. The rain was relentless, I was soaked, and the dirt I was shoveling was turning to mud, sinking around her  as I filled in the hole.

When it was necessary to begin covering her head and face, I looked into her eyes and was going to once more ask her if she wanted to stop, but the look was without question. This was her passion and I would not break it for her. Being absorbed myself, I kneeled down next to the hole and took my cock out, pointing it towards her face I smiled and let go with a stream of piss, washing the dirt from her eye coverings.  After making sure that the air hose was safely outside of the hole, I decided to add to her moment.

“Now, you slut, I am going to finish burying you alive. You will stay there, in your hole for one week... But, do not fear, I will visit you at least twice a day to make sure you do not suffer from thirst. I will place a funnel into your breathing tube and fill your mouth with my hot piss on each visit. Then, at some time in the future, I will return and plug your hose making this your permanent place of rest.  I have decided to cover you with concrete and  rent out your home, making sure that the new tenants enjoy the new patio I have left for them. Goodbye forever.”

I quickly filled the rest of the hole in, hearing her cry out and try to scream as I finished.

Looking at my watch, it was 1AM. I decided to go inside and sleep for a while in her bed. I fell asleep quickly, and set the alarm for 7AM. Rising after the alarm went off, it seemed like only minutes had passed. I looked out the window and saw that the yellow Porsche was still in my driveway.  Hmm, DeeDee must have had some night, I thought.  Dressing in old jeans and a tee shirt I found in her closet, I went outside and started to dig her up carefully by hand as to not harm her with a shovel.  As I uncovered her face, I could see the shock and disbelief that she radiated. I quickly finished removing her from her hole.

Then, after unstrapping her I took her shaking hand and helped her from her resting place. She threw her arms around me and hugged me with unbelievable passion. I could hear her crying from within her latex prison.  I lead her inside, undressed her and together we shared a wonderful hot shower. She was crazed with sexual tension, could not stop talking, and soaking wet, we threw ourselves onto the bed for hours of amazing sex. The entire scenario was a turn on she said, even the fake story about leaving her, the fear got her crazy and she never turned the vibrator off.. She figured that if she was to go, it would be happy, and with a smile!

She made me promise as I left to go home that next time, she could be buried for the whole weekend!

What about DeeDee?, Well, her lover left her as I had done, still tied and bound to our bed, But well  used, abused, soaking wet with his cum, and ready for me to clean up with my mouth.

Love is strange…and that is in Chapter #3!
