---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/sara_discovered.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Sara Discovered
authors:
- Sara Blade
tags:
- Sbf
- rope
- cuffs
- gag
- caught
- cons
- X
---

My name is Sara and I really love bondage so much that I even tie and
gag myself. I am married so I do get to be tied up a lot but it is never
enough. I always try to plan it so I am never discovered by anyone besides
my husband.

One day my husband came home and said he and the guys had tickets to
tomorrows tigers game. I thought great it will give me a chance for a little
self bondage fun. So I planned for my session first I got a bowl and filled
it with water. Then I put my handcuff keys in the water and stuck it in
the freezer. Then I made sure I knew where all the bondage gear was. I
double checked the next morning with my husband he said they where still
on for the game.

The next day at work I was very excited all day, I could not wait to
be tied and gagged and left to struggle for hours. I got home at 3:30 and
I took the ice out and put it where I could get to it. Then I took a nice
hot bath. I got out of the bath and got my clothes ready. I have to tell
you I don’t wear much when I am tied and gagged. Basically I just wear
Victoria Secret’s second skin bikini panties. The color of the night this
time would be hot pink. Then I grabbed my black thigh high stockings and
put them on. I have to admit I looked very hot. My stockings have the line
that runs all the way up the back of them. Then last but certainly not
least I got my high heels. They are black 6" stiletto heels. I looked at
myself in the mirror and wow I looked very hot and I was already starting
to get wet.

It was now 4:30 and I thought I better get started.

The first thing
I did was to tie a nice tight crotch rope. I have to tell you there is
nothing like a nice tight crotch rope. Then I grabbed my leather straps
and I started at my ankles. I buckled it nice and tight then I put another
just below my knee, just above and another on my upper thigh.

Wow was this
hot.

I then grabbed my handcuffs and tied a rope to my ankles and attached
them to my ankles. I thought now about one of the most important parts,
the ball gag. I put it in my mouth and buckled it in real tight. Now it
is time to finish it before I change my mind I click the cuffs on. There
I was hog tied on the living room floor.

To give you a idea what I might look like on the floor I am 5,3" 120
pounds. I have short to medium length jet black hair. My measurments are
34D-26-36. So here I am struggling on the floor. Then came the orgasm,
wow was it awesome. After that I drifted off into my fantasy. I imagined
that I had been kidnapped by a couple of guys and they where playing with
my body.

Just then I heard the door. Oh my god what time is it. I looked and
it was only 5:30, who is here?

Then I heard many voices and I thought, 'oh
my god it was an afternoon game!'

I looked at the bowl and it was not even
close, at least two hours left.

Just then they walked in. My husband and
5 friends all drunk and celebrating after a team victory. They walked in
and saw me laying there tightly tied and gagged, they stopped dead in their
tracks and stared.

It did not take long I could see them all getting very
excited. I thought 'oh no what are they going to do…?'

Sara Blade

2001
