---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Spandex Bondage Resort
authors:
- SPX
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- spandex
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-08-17 00:00:00
---

My girlfriend Cindy and I share a passion for tights, leotards and cat
suits as well as bondage. I love to watch her work out and get very aroused
by the colorful outfits she wears and she knows it too. She has an awesome
body with long blond hair and spectacular huge round tits. We love to play
and tease each other through the tight shiny second skin of her spandex
body wear, usually ending up in wild passionate love making with her being
tied up. She loves the feeling and always wears tights and leotards around
the house.

One day when I came home from work she was already working out in the
living room wearing red tights and a matching red long sleeve leotard.
I immediately began to get excited and sat down to watch her, She knew
I was watching and she liked to show off and tease me by bending over and
stretching in front of me and spreading her legs. She would work her way
over to me every few minutes and kiss me deeply while putting her hand
on my crotch and squeezing. I ran my hands all over her body taking in
as much as I could before she went back to stretching again. After about
10 or 15 minutes of going back and forth and teasing my cock she told me
to take my clothes off.

She continued to bend and stretch as I was undressing and when I was
completely naked she slinked over and pushed me down on the couch brushing
her big lycra covered breasts against my chest.  She started at the
other end of the couch and laid on top of me slowly sliding all the way
up my body pausing to pull her leotard down and wrap her tits around my
cock, making sure I was paying attention to her every move. She sat back
in the opposite corner and began rubbing her legs against mine and gently
massaging my cock and balls with her tights feet. The feel of the spandex
on my legs and the sensation of her feet touching me was driving me crazy.  
I sat up and began to run my hands over her body again.  She told
me I was getting too excited and I should go take a shower to cool down.

We stood up and continued to kiss and caress and press against each
other.  I grabbed her ass and pulled her close as we ran our hands
all over each other and I pressed her up against the wall almost lifting
her off the ground.   We were both getting excited and I could
feel her wetness through the thin material on my hard cock. I was in heaven
or so I thought.   She pushed me back and told me again to go
take a shower.  On our way through the bedroom I pressed my cock up
against her ass from behind and grabbed her breasts with both hands to
feel her body through the tight spandex one more time.   She
jumped a little, moaned, and then pushed me into the bathroom.

She liked to be tied up and fucked while wearing tights and leotards
so I was expecting to see her lying on the bed with a pile of ropes and
bondage accessories still wearing her red tights and leotard when I got
out of the shower. All sorts of fantasies were running through my head
and I never lost my erection in the shower thinking of things to come. 
Little did I know what was in store for me that night. After a quick shower
and drying my hair I opened the bathroom door and my jaw almost hit the
floor.  She was standing in the bedroom door and had changed into
a full-length black cat suit with 5" spike platform heels!  
I barely had time to notice the big pile of ropes on the bed. I stopped
dead in my tracks and was at a complete loss for words.  She also
had on long spandex gloves and was completely covered except for her head.
I also noticed that she had something in her hand.  She threw what
turned out to be her red tights at me and said, "Put these on".

I had always wanted to wear them with her and sometimes wore them when
she wasn’t around but wasn’t sure how she would react.  I paused a
minute and she watched as I pulled them up my legs.  It felt wonderful
and the crotch was still a little damp from her wetness, which was a big
turn on.  She stalked over to me and running her hand down my chest,
grabbed my cock and told me it was her turn to be in charge tonight. “This
too” she said, as she handed me the red leotard. I think I turned as red
as the tights I was wearing but I pulled up the leotard as instructed and
worked my arms through the sleeves.  She told me how cute and sexy
I looked in her red tights.  She told me to turn around as she grabbed
a piece rope off the bed and tied my hands tightly behind my back. 
I was rock hard and she stroked my erection as she pressed against me kissing
me backwards until I fell on the bed.

She sat me on the edge of the bed and knelt down running her hands and
mouth all over my legs and crotch, giving me a good view of her gorgeous
tits and black feet in her 5” black spike heels with the little ankle straps. 
She then grabbed another rope and tied my ankles tightly together. 
She stood up, straddling my bound legs and pulled the top of her cat suit
down letting me suck on her nipples with my hands bound behind my back
while she played with my cock.  I told her how much I loved this and
how sexy she looked in her cat suit and heels and how good it felt to be
tied up and wearing tights.  She pulled her top back up and said, “Hmmmm,
that’s enough talking for now” and, reaching behind me into the pile of
ropes pulled out the red ball gag which was usually in her mouth by now.

I started to protest and she grabbed me by the balls and said, “You’d better
open up if you want to get off tonight”.  I took a breath to say something
but she was already pushing the ball into my mouth and buckling the strap
before pushing me back on to the bed.

I was now laying half on the bed wearing a red leotard and tights with
my hands tied behind my back, my feet tied together and a matching red
ball gag in my mouth being teased by a gorgeous blond wearing a black cat
suit and spike heels. I was loving every second of it.  I mmmphed
into the gag, totally at her mercy and anticipating her next touch. She
grabbed another piece of rope and after tying my knees together started
kissing my cock through the layers of spandex. I was moaning with pleasure
into my gag. Then she went to the drawer and got another pair of tights
and wrapped them around and around over my ball gag a couple times before
tying them off behind my head. She told me that I should have listened
better when she told me to go take a shower.  She took another piece
of rope and climbing up onto the bed behind me, tied my elbows together
behind my back causing me to mmmph into my gag even more. She pushed me
back down and helped me up on to the middle of the bed.

She pulled her top down again to show me what I couldn’t touch and toyed
with me for a while playing with my cock and rubbing her spandex covered
body against mine.  I was in heaven being tightly bound and gagged
and being teased while wearing tights. She ran her hands and legs all over
my body as I wiggled around trying to get closer to her, begging for more
through the gag.   She said she thought I needed to settle down
a little so she flipped me over, took another piece of rope and pulling
my legs back tied my ankles to my wrists in a strict hogtie. I was really
mmmphing loudly into the gag now.  Sitting beside me rubbing her hands
all over my crotch, legs, ass and feet, she told me she wanted me to experience
what I had been doing to her all this time.  I went nuts squirming
wildly and moaning into the gag.

She rolled me on to my side and rubbed herself all over my entire body
driving me wild and causing me to thrash around while feeling her cat suit
and heels through my tights.   She helped me back farther on
the bed and laid in front of me facing the opposite direction grinding
her ass on my hard cock.  We were both moaning with pleasure. Then
she turned around and slid down in front of me, unsnapping the leotard
and pulling my cock out of the tights. She then proceeded to give me an
incredible blowjob, swishing her tongue all up and down the shaft, kissing,
sucking and fondling it with her lips and her gloved hands.  
She stopped just when I was going to come and gave the ropes holding my
wrists to my ankles a quick jerk.  She told me I was not to come until
after she did or I would stay like this all night.

She got up and said she was going to get a drink and check her email.
I mmmphed and wiggled in protest as she tucked my cock back inside the
tights and snapped the leotard back into place. Then she reached behind
her into the pile of ropes and pulled out our thick leather padded blindfold
and held it up for me to see.  I shook my head but she just smiled,
slipped the blindfold over my eyes and buckled the strap. I could hear
her heels clicking in the kitchen as I tested my bondage and flopped around
on the bed in ecstasy, feeling safe, secure, and extremely horny. It was
an incredible feeling being hogtied, gagged and blindfolded while wearing
tights and a leotard.

She returned several minutes later and begin gently stroking and kissing
my hard cock through the two layers of spandex causing me to jump. 
Pulling her top down again, she pressed her huge breasts against my face,
teasing me and making me wish I could see and use my mouth but I could
only make mmmphing noises through the double gag.  Then she went behind
me and slid down my back until her breasts were firmly in my hands and
my bound red feet were touching her crotch.  I struggled as best I
could to caress and squeeze and play with her nipples and tits and rub
my toes between her legs. I was loving every minute of it and so was she.
She climbed over me again and laid down with her back to me pressing her
ass against my hard spandex covered cock.  I squirmed up against her
and humped her ass as best I could through the tights and leotard while
hogtied and moaning into my gag.  She was moaning too and I could
tell she was very hot and very wet.

She reached back and unsnapping my leotard pulled my tights down a little
and backed up to me again. She opened her legs and rubbed the tip of my
cock up and down her clit through the slit in her cat suit.  My sex
drive skyrocketed as she used me to pleasure herself to orgasm by rubbing
my cock right where she wanted it with her spandex gloved fingers. I was
mmmphing like crazy into my gag, trying not to cum and begging to fuck
her when she thrust herself back down on to my hard cock.  I was straining
and struggling furiously in the tight bondage as she slid herself up and
down my shaft pushing back again and again plunging me deep into her pussy.
In a matter of seconds I exploded into the most incredible orgasm I have
ever had.  We lay motionless and exhausted on the bed for a while
with me still inside her, hog-tied, gagged and blindfolded.

After a few minutes she slid up off me and reaching over, untied the
rope connecting my wrists to my ankles.  I stretched out with a moan
of contentment and rolled over.  She removed the blindfold, pulled
up my tights and snapped the leotard back over my crotch.  She told
me to be good and not to go anywhere while she got ready for bed. I mmmphed
into my gag again wanting to be released but she told me to just relax
as I watched her take off her heels and catsuit and go in the bathroom
to take a shower.  When she came out she put on a pair of cozy white
cable knit schoolgirl tights that she often wore to sleep in and climbed
into bed with me. She finished untying me, unbuckled the ball gag and helped
me pull off my leotard but told me to leave my tights on. She said she
wanted me to wear them to bed with her and sleep in them. It was a dream
come true.

As we kissed and cuddled I told her that was my secret fantasy. She
told me she heard of a place where we could do this all we wanted. It was
a private resort that specialized in spandex, tights, leotards, and bondage.
They even had attendants that would tie us both up together anytime we
wanted. I told her that sounded wonderful and we would make a reservation
tomorrow for the next week. We made passionate love again and fell asleep
in each other’s arms.

SPX
