---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/doing_penance.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Doing Penance with Pastor Dan
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- M/mf
- bond
- rope
- chair
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-22 00:00:00
---

My girl, Amy-Bell (she is
eighteen) and I (I am nineteen) have been going together or a long time
now, and we plan to be married as soon as I get me a job that can earn
enough money. My Pa says I need a few thousand dollars in the bank and
a car and maybe a house before I should get married, and Amy-Bell's father
says the same thing, so we're waiting, and I'm looking for a job and I
hope to find a better one soon but they are hard to find now-a-days.

Anyway, Amy-Bell and me -
well, we're in love and we want to be together all the time, but it's hard
with family around and everything. We live in a small place out in the
country and everyone farms and everyone knows everyone else and what everyone
is doing all the time, so it's hard to find a private place to just be
with Amy-Bell and be kind of close and touch each other and all that. We've
been seen kissing and holding each other a few times, and our parents don't
like it when we go off alone and they let us know about it right now when
they find out.

That's why we went to the
church house last Thursday. We figured that it being Thursday there wouldn't
be anyone there and we might be alone. We didn't actually go into the church,
but we drove into the woods behind the church because they are thick and
nobody much can see what's going on there from the road. You can only see
if you are in the churchyard, and there's never nobody there on weekdays.

Our Pastor is Pastor Dan.
Actually it's Daniel, but nobody ever calls him that. It's Pastor Dan to
everyone in the town. We're nondenominational, but actually I think we're
Baptists of some sort. But Pastor Dan says it's best to be nondenominational
because then we can believe what we know to be the truth since some of
the other people and their churches make mistakes now and then. Pastor
Dan is a tall man with lots of black hair and a full beard. He's got a
wife, and they live in a house a ways away from the church. We don't see
his wife much because he always laughs and says she's tied up at home and
not able to be around anywhere away from their house much of the time.
I suppose she's busy there and that's why we don't see her much. She seems
a happy sort though - and he's happy too, always making jokes and laughing.
Everybody likes Pastor Dan and his Wife. They're good God-fearing folks
to be sure.

Anyway, Amy-Bell and me went
to the church on Thursday and we hid the car behind the building in those
woods I talked about, and then we just sat and hugged each other and kissed
and she rubbed her hand on my chest, and I felt her neck and down her back,
and then I moved my hand into her shirt and put my hand on her breast and
it felt so good and firm and round. She moved her hand down and rested
it on my jeans, and I know she could feel my prick because it was really
hard and she let her fingers trace it on my jeans and it felt wonderful
and we were so happy just sitting there quietly holding each other and
all.

Then, all of a sudden I knew
something was wrong, and I looked up and there stood Pastor Dan, right
outside my car looking in on us and not smiling or frowning or anything
- just looking at us calm and peaceful like he saw people doing that every
day. Well, we jumped, and Amy-Bell was embarrassed and pulled away real
fast. I smiled and put down the window and greeted Pastor Dan and didn't
know what else to say. And he looked at us and just stood there. It was
spooky the way he looked at us and didn't say nothing at all. Finally,
I said I thought we would be going, but Pastor Dan said calmly, "I think
you had better move your car over by the church and come inside and talk
about this with me."

Well, I didn't know what
to do because nobody ever says no to Pastor Dan and besides, we were afraid
he'd tell our folks what we'd been doing, so we drove over to the church
and I asked Amy-Bell what she thought and she agreed that we should do
what Pastor Dan had said. So we did. We went into the church and stood
there in the entry hall looking at Pastor Dan and waiting. Finally he said,
"You two have been thinking sinful thoughts and doing sinful things - and
right here at the church too. This is very serious."

Well, we knew he was right,
but being with Amy-Bell felt so good and we wanted to be together so bad
that I thought it was the right thing, but then I realized I had been wrong,
and I felt awful about it. But Pastor Dan smiled and said he could help
us. He said that we needed to do penance, and that he would help us do
it and do it right. Then he told Amy-Bell to wait in the hall and he took
me to his little office in the basement, and then he did a strange thing.
He brought out a piece of rope and he told me to hold out my hands and
he tied my hands together at my wrists. Then he took another piece of rope
and tied it through the rope that held my wrists and pulled my arms up
over my head and used that second piece of rope to tie my arms up to a
hook in the ceiling - high up so that I couldn't reach it. So I stood there
with my hands pulled up and my wrists tied and Pastor Dan said I should
stay there that way and wait for him. Well, I didn't have much choice,
did I? So I waited.

I waited there for a while,
maybe near to half an hour, and then Pastor Dan returned and brought out
a piece of cloth and tied it over my eyes like a blindfold. Then he untied
me from the ceiling, which was nice because my arms were beginning to ache
a little. Pulling me by my arms he moved me to a corner and then he explained
that I would do penance for a while, but he needed to prepare me. In doing
penance I would be asking forgiveness and to do that I needed to go naked
before the Lord so that I would show I had nothing to hide. Pastor Dan
untied my wrists and helped me remove my shirt and then he retied my wrists.
I asked if it was necessary for me to be tied up, and he said that for
sure it was. Then he undid my belt and pulled down my pants and my shorts
and removed them - he had already taken off my shoes and sox. Now I was
naked standing in that basement room with my wrists tied.

Pastor Dan then led me back
upstairs and through the church. I couldn't figure out where we were because
of the blindfold, but I went along since I couldn't do much else. Finally
we went into some room and Pastor Dan had me sit in a chair. He had my
hands out and over the back of the chair. Then with more rope he tied my
legs so that they were up off the floor and tied tight to the side of the
chair with my knees really bent. More rope went around my body holding
me to the chair very tight - so that I could hardly breath. Rope pulled
my arms down in back too. Pastor Dan took a while using lots of rope to
tie me to the chair really good so I could hardly move.

Then Pastor Dan told me to
open my mouth and when I did he put a ball of some sort into my mouth and
then he began to put something over my mouth wrapping it all the way around
my head so that it closed up my mouth around that ball. While doing that
Pastor Dan said that when one does penance one must be silent so he was
gagging me so that I couldn't talk even if I wanted to. When the gag was
done I tried to say something, but only sounds came out and nothing that
nobody could understand. I felt really helpless all tied up that way and
gagged. But I knew that if Pastor Dan said it was the right thing to do,
then it was what I must do, so I didn't complain at all, not that I could
with that gag there so tight and filling my mouth and the tape sealing
it shut that way.

Then a funny thing happened.
I could feel Pastor Dan touching my prick and my balls. This really surprised
me, and I really wondered what he was doing. I felt something get tight
around my balls and then around my prick which also surprised me because
it got so hard very fast. Pastor Dan just laughed and said quietly, "Looks
like you enjoy this." I didn't know what to say and couldn't say anything
anyway because of the gag. Anyway, there was more feeling on my hard prick
and I felt it pulling away from my body a bit. Then Pastor Dan stopped
and left me alone.

Pastor Dan was quiet for
a few minutes, and then he said, "Now you two are to do quiet penance and
ask for forgiveness. You will go naked and silent before the Lord and you
will think over your sins and show that you are repentant." With that he
removed my blindfold and I was so surprised I sucked in air quick through
my nose. Right in front of me was Amy-Bell and she was naked too, and she
was tied up to a chair just like I was, and she was gagged too. I couldn't
believe it. But, oh God, she was beautiful. The ropes on her chest make
her breasts stand out so nice and firm it was wonderful. I looked down
and saw that my prick was all tied up and from it a rope went up to the
ceiling which held my prick standing straight up. Whenever I squirmed or
moved, I could feel the rope tug on my prick and balls, and I gotta say
that I liked how it felt.

Amy-Bell had a rope around
her waist, and down from it was a rope that went in between her legs and
up behind her to a little pulley in the ceiling and that was the rope that
went down to my tied up prick. So when Amy-Bell squirmed I felt it and
I guess when I squirmed or moved, she felt it. Anyway it was wonderful
and I just looked at her and admired her and wanted to touch her and hold
her so bad I could hardly stand it. Pastor Dan removed the blindfold on
Amy-Bell too, so she sat and just looked at me – we were only about two
feet apart, so we were really close.

"Now you two be repentant
and ask forgiveness," repeated Pastor Dan. "Go in silence before the Lord
and be naked before him and ask that your sins be forgiven. You will have
a while to think about this and then I will return and see if you have
finished the task."

Then he left. Well, it was
hard to be repentant looking at Amy-Bell, and I guess she had the same
problem. Anyway she squirmed in her chair and moved about and seemed to
be smiling although with that gag covering her fact I couldn't tell for
sure. We tried to talk to each other but only little sounds came out, so
we gave up.

So anyway we both sat there
looking at each other for what we figured later must have been around almost
two hours. I got to say, I didn't mind it a bit even though I was all tied
up. Then Pastor Dan returned, and he looked at us, and he finally said,
"Have you been forgiven for your sins?"

Well, we both nodded our
heads that we had even though I'm sure I didn't know if we were forgiven
or not. Then he asked if we needed longer and we shook our heads that we
didn't. So he untied us and told us to put on our clothes and go home and
be thankful that we were forgiven and not to sin or think sinful things
anymore. And I asked Pastor Dan if he was going to tell my Pa or Amy-Bell's
Pa what we had done, but he said that since we were forgiven there was
no need to tell anyone about any of this at all which made me happy. So
we left.

After that Amy-Bell and me
talked about what had happened and I told her how great she looked all
naked and tied up and she said that I looked great too and that she thought
she could sit there and look at me forever when I was that way. I asked
Amy-Bell if she was scared when Pastor Dan had her take off her clothes
and then tied her up, but she said that she knew Pastor Dan was good and
a man of the Lord, so it didn't bother her at all and she sure wan't scared.
I said that I wasn't scared either which was really surprising since people
don't usually like getting naked and especially getting all tied up Once
later we hid in the barn at my place when my Pa and Ma were away and I
tried to tie her up but it wasn't the same and she said it wasn't as nice
as when Pastor Dan tied us both up together. So after we talked about it
for a while and we decided to do something about it.

Yesterday, Tuesday, I called
Pastor Dan on the phone and said that Amy-Bell and me had a problem. We
were together a bit and we discovered that we still had sinful thoughts
and that it was were for sure that both of us were unrepentant sinners
in the worst way and that we needed to do more penance. Could he help us?
Pastor Dan just laughed a little - that quiet little laugh of his - and
then he said that on Wednesday right after lunch the both of us should
meet him at the church and that we should tell our kin-folk that we were
doing counseling with him concerning our future marriage and that the counseling
would take a while and not to expect us at home until late that night -
very late. So we're going in a little while, and I am excited to find out
how we'll do our penance this time. I sure do trust Pastor Dan to do the
right thing by us and help us.
