---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Janet in Training
authors:
- sfmaster
tags:
- F-f
- D-s
- bdsm
- slave
- collar
- cuffs
- gag
- dungeon
- X-frame
- rack
- stocks
- anal
- toys
- whip
- cane
- crop
- naked
- latex
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2020-02-14 00:00:00
---

Continues from [chapter eleven](janet_in_training11.html)

### Chapter Twelve: Two Days Till Doom

The entire world had shrunk to the confines of the library. Janet sat behind the desk, a pitcher of coffee in front of her, a pile of Journals there as well. The television set was tuned to the financial channel, and Janet watched dumbly as the ticker scrolled across the screen.

'I've lost,' Janet thought to herself, 'it's the end.'

Now there was nothing to do except watch the clock tick away her last few remaining hours of freedom until the meeting with Blanca in Manhattan, which would decide who would inherit Erica's estate.

Just a few days ago, Tiffany and Lauren had visited the house together. Tiffany had dropped enough hints that she was ahead, that Janet would be the loser. Janet remembered the horrible way that Lauren had looked at her, and it had chilled her blood.

Had all of this happened to her in just two years? Slave, Mistress, and now slave again?

"Janet?" called Stephanie as she opened the library door and burst inside, followed by Tina.

"In here," Janet answered, too tired to even stand up.

"What the hell is going on?" asked Stephanie.

"I didn't call you over here," recalled Janet, "what are you here for, Stephanie?"

"You didn't call me. Tina did," answered Stephanie.

Stephanie rushed over to Janet, and placed her medical bag on the desk before she peered in her eyes, felt her pulse. She frowned in response.

"Tina, how long since Janet has slept?"

"Three, four days, Mistress."

"Is this Mistress Tiffany's doing?" demanded Stephanie.

"No, Mistress," Tina answered. "How has she kept herself awake?"

"With pills and coffee, Mistress."

"Has she had any stimulants in the last eight hours?"

"No, Mistress."

"Good."

Stephanie had ceased to carry her medical bag over the years since she had stopped practicing, but ever since the two incidents at Janet's house, she would always take it with her. She opened the bag, and withdrew a hypodermic needle and a vial of liquid. Stephanie then upended the vial, and filled the syringe, with Janet watching, not comprehending what Stephanie was doing.

"Is Mistress Tiffany around?" asked Stephanie.

"No, Mistress. She will return tomorrow morning," answered Tina.

"What are you watching, Janet?" asked Stephanie.

"Doomsday."

Stephanie suddenly swabbed Janet's arm with an alcohol patch and then injected her with the needle. Janet was so weak, she didn't even attempt to resist.

"What the?" asked Janet.

"Nighty night," answered Stephanie.

Janet was swallowed up by a sudden tide of darkness, and peace for the first time in days. Her head slumped to the desk, and the world receded from view.

---

When Janet awoke, she found that she was in one of the first floor bedrooms. The same one that she and Stephanie had carried Tina to, that horrible night when she had been left alone in the cell by Tiffany.

"Good evening," greeted Stephanie.

"What did you do?" asked Janet.

"You needed sleep, Janet. You were exhausted, so I knocked you out for a few hours. Do you feel better?"

"Yes, thank you."

Janet rubbed her eyes, and saw the contents of her purse lying on the dresser, next to the binder where she had catalogued all of Erica's documents, one year ago! Including the cell phone that had saved her life six months earlier.

"You know, don't you?" accused Janet.

"Yes, after we put you to bed, I went through your purse and I found these papers," indicated Stephanie.

"I must have forgotten to remove them when I saw Blanca three months ago," said Janet.

"Then I found Erica's book in the desk. Very interesting reading. I never knew that Erica could be so devious," observed Stephanie.

Janet was relaxed, and finally at peace for the first time in days. She could talk to her closest friend, and finally explain what she had been subject to for all this time.

"In two days," Janet began, "a limo will arrive in the morning to take Tiffany and myself to Blanca's office. She will read the codicil to Erica's will, which will say that the winner of the stock market contest will inherit Erica's estate. Which will include the loser, who will become the victor's slave."

"Why didn't you tell me?" demanded Stephanie, "now that I know what all this has really been about."

"Because if you would have read the documents fully, you would have found that I had to keep it a secret. That's why I've been under such a strain, Stephanie. Because I couldn't tell you, or anyone," answered Janet.

"I'm sorry, Janet. I didn't understand the pressure that you were under. I'm amazed that you haven't broken under the strain until now," observed Stephanie.

"Maybe I finally did," Janet answered, "Tina?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Could you get me a drink, please?" asked Janet, stirring under the sheets.

"Icewater, Tina," Stephanie ordered, "no stimulants of any kind."

"Yes, Mistress."

Janet waited in silence until Tine returned from the kitchen with a pitcher full of icewater. She poured a large glass for Janet, who first propped herself up in bed, resting on two pillows. Janet's mind was clear, her body partially rested. Now she had to do something that would be very difficult.

"Leave us, Tina," ordered Janet.

"Mistress, please, I want to stay with you," begged Tina.

"Does she know?" demanded Janet.

"I didn't read all of those documents myself," Stephanie answered.

Janet exhaled, and tried to decide what to do next.

"All right, Tina, stay. Because now Stephanie and I have to discuss your future, not mine," said Janet.

"Janet?" cried Tina, "what do you mean?

"If Tiffany wins tomorrow, then not only will I become her slave, but you will be also. Tiffany associates with Mistress Lauren, who believes that the only way to get total obedience from her slaves is to punish them past their breaking point. You saw what she did to my back."

"Yes, Mistress."

"One of her slaves, a girl named Myra met me in Greenwich, and told me that Tiffany was being advised by Lauren, and that she was ahead. Myra begged me to buy her, crying in public. That's when I asked Jessica to help me as an investment advisor, and not just a slave. She's been doing so for the last three months."

"Is that why you ordered me out of the Dungeon, Mistress?" asked Tina.

"Yes."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know, I was just jealous," cried Tina.

"If I lose, and I don't really know who may be ahead, then you'll be Tiffany's slave. I can't let you become the property of a dangerous and cruel Mistress like what Tiffany has become. I can accept my own bondage, but not yours. Therefore, I release you Tina, long before your contract to me expires," calmly explained Janet.

"No," cried Tina, "I want to stay with you always, no matter what."

"No, you stupid fool. I release you and all your obligations to me. If you won't leave, Tina, then I give you to Stephanie. She will be a far better Mistress to you than Tiffany or Lauren," ordered Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," tearfully answered Tina.

"Tonight, both you and Stephanie must leave, so that I can spend tomorrow alone with Tiffany. Just as we started one year ago. The next day we shall go to New York, and then we shall know who will be the Mistress in this house," lectured Janet.

"You've become a far better Mistress than Erica could ever have imagined," answered Stephanie.

"That's just exactly why I have to release Tina. You don't deserve a Mistress like Tiffany, and especially Lauren," said Janet.

"I don't want to leave you, Mistress," cried Tina.

"You saw what happened to my back, and the scars that I still have? Do you want to be a slave to a Mistress that can inflict that kind of punishment, Tina? I don't think so. So go, both of you. I came into this thing alone, and that's the way I'll have to face it in thirty-six hours," said Janet.

"You shouldn't be here alone with Tiffany," cautioned Stephanie.

"Why? She wouldn't hurt me now. She's just a few hours from possibly getting exactly what she wants, namely the House and me. If she did something now, it would endanger that chance. Everything is now out of our control, and in the hands of the gods," added Janet.

Stephanie and Tina both sat on Janet's bed, staring at her.

"Now go, damn it! Both of you! One year ago, Tiffany and I started in Erica's house alone, and that's the way we're going to finish. Whatever happens in Blanca's office is our respective fate."

"If you win, Mistress Janet, I'll be back," said Tina, tears in her eyes.

"Keep your fingers crossed, both of you," ordered Janet, "because hope is the only thing that I've got left."

After they had both departed, Janet allowed herself a single small sherry. She tried to relax on an easy chair back in the library, wishing that she had not sent Stephanie and Tina away after all.

On the footstool was the newspaper, which she had not read for days, even though Tina faithfully put it on her desk each morning. Janet opened it, hoping that it would get her mind off her situation. A red advertising insert fell out, and Janet had to pick it up from the floor. On the cover was a sale of board games, including Conquest.

"Oh, god!" screamed Janet, her voice echoing through the house.

Suddenly, everything returned in a flash of memories. Erica's death, Janet with Tiffany in her apartment. Knocking over Conquest in the closet, then Janet bragging how good a player she was when they picked up all the pieces off the floor. Six months later at Lauren's house, her little "game" of Conquest to decide who would use the slave.

Myra, already used past her safeword. Lauren wanting to continue, and Janet taking Myra's place. Whipped nearly to death, then the horrible drive home, and the painful recovery.

"I was set up," sobbed Janet in the empty house, "Tiffany wanted me to die, with Lauren's help."

Her night was mostly sleepless, filled with nightmares of death and suffering.

---

Janet spent most of the next day waiting for Tiffany. Incredibly, her companion did not return until shortly before dinner.

"Greetings," said Janet as Tiffany entered the foyer.

"Hello. Where's Tina?"

"Gone. You can put your jacket in the closet yourself," directed Janet.

"Where is she?" asked Tiffany as she hung her jacket in the closet.

"I released her from my service, and gave her to Stephanie," Janet answered.

"Why did you do that?" asked Tiffany.

They were both interrupted by the sound of a bell from the kitchen.

"Dinner is served," said Janet.

It wasn't until they were both seated at the table before a roast beef that they could continue talking. Tiffany had helped Janet bring everything to the table, and did not question her further until the dinner was on the table.

"Why such a grand meal?" asked Tiffany as she sipped at a red wine.

"Last meal, and all that," answered Janet, "one year ago, you called me to your apartment and cooked dinner after Erica's death. Now it's my turn."

"Thank you," said Tiffany as she speared a piece of meat and placed it into her mouth.

"I thought that we should have one final dinner, together alone by ourselves. I hope that you haven't asked someone to join you here tonight," said Janet.

"No. I wasn't sure just what I'd find here, so I came alone," Tiffany answered.

"Good."

"Why did you send Tina away?" asked Tiffany.

"Because I didn't want her to fall into your hands or Lauren's, that's why. She doesn't deserve to have a cruel Mistress like you've become," stated Janet.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything, from that first night we inherited the estate to today."

"Tiffany, we have to take responsibility for our actions. Your being sorry doesn't absolve you from the scars on my back or placing Tina in danger either. That's what being a Mistress is all about, not just using slaves for our own sexual gratification," lectured Janet.

"I guess you're right," Tiffany answered.

"No, you know I'm right," said Janet, "now let's finish eating, do the dishes, and get some sleep. I'm exhausted, and I want to have a clear head tomorrow."

Somehow, Janet had expected that Tiffany would join her in her bedroom that evening. Instead, she remained alone, listening to the sounds of the night. She placed her arm behind her back, feeling the scars that Lauren had placed there. In her dreams, she wondered if others would soon join them.

The next morning, Janet took a hot steaming shower, almost at sauna temperature. She had seen home saunas, and had whistled at the price. Janet resolved that if she should win, she would spend the five figures and have one installed in the house.

The hot water washed away the fatigue, and made her sweat away the tensions that had developed in her body for several weeks. Finally, she knew that this little respite had to end, so she stopped the water, and exited the tub. She toweled herself off, and decided that now wasn't the time to give her an orgasm. No, it was time to be serious.

After her shower, Janet walked to the bedroom to dry herself off. When she removed the short terry kimono robe, she saw the scars on her back reflected in the mirror. The stigmata of her encounter with Lauren. It seemed incredible that she had been nearly been beaten to death and survived the nightmare.

Janet dressed, and chose a conservative business suit, one that she had worn to work before. She set her hair, wishing that she had Tina's help this morning. Still, she had done it all of her life before she had a servant, so why should she become a helpless fool now?

When she entered the kitchen, Janet was surprised to find that Tiffany had chosen to wear a suit also, except that Janet's was blue and Tiffany's was black. They looked alike.

"I ordered out for croissants," said Tiffany, "I didn't think that a heavy breakfast would be such a good idea."

"Thanks."

They ate a simple breakfast of juice, black coffee and croissants in the kitchen, like two high powered female executives on the go. They both stared at the clock, watching the time tick away towards 9 AM.

Tiffany stowed the dishes in the sink, just before the limo arrived. They both carried leather briefcases and Janet reflected that hers had been a gift from her firm for good service. She looked at the battered black leather as she placed hers by her feet.

They were driven into the city on time, after rush hour had ended. The large Cadillac had been expanded to contain a TV and bar, and could seat several on leather upholstery. Instead, it was used just to transport the two women to Blanca's office.

"Thank you," said Janet as the exited the limo.

"I've been told to wait to take you back to Connecticut," said the female chauffeur.

"Thank you," said Tiffany, also.

They rode the elevator up in silence, and were ushered in Blanca's office, each taking a seat. Blanca hadn't arrived yet, though it was already 10 AM. Janet fidgeted uneasily in her seat, the tension building up her.

"Good morning, ladies," greeted Blanca when she entered her office.

"Good morning," both Janet and Tiffany said in unison.

"Coffee?"

They both nodded.

"Three black coffees, please," ordered Blanca after she pressed the intercom switch.

Her secretary shortly dropped off a tray containing three cups, and placed in on Blanca's desk. Janet now noted a wedding ring on the third finger of her left hand.

"Georgie, please make sure that we're not disturbed, period. Short of one of the senior partners calling, I'd like to be left alone with these two clients," Blanca ordered.

She then departed, closing the door behind her. The atmosphere in the room was electric, and both Janet and Tiffany were seated like statues. Blanca passed around the coffee cups, and took a seat in her leather chair.

"I've known Erica Riken a long time," began Blanca, "as a good friend, a Dominant, and a client. It was Erica's wish that if she should die, a competition was to be held between two of her slaves to decide who would inherit the estate. And the loser would become the victor's slave."

"We know all that already, just get on with it," interrupted Tiffany.

Blanca then removed four envelopes from her briefcase, displaying them to her two clients.

"This is the codicil to Erica's will, and three identical statements from the brokers you were ordered to use. Even I don't know the contents, as Erica had instructed the information to be collected and sealed before I picked up the envelopes this morning. Which is why I'm late."

Blanca tore open one of the envelopes, and proceeded to read its contents:

"I, Erica Riken, being of sound mind and body, do reaffirm the conditions that I specified in document 423 for a competition between my heirs Janet Davis and Tiffany Gray. Whoever has the greater value in their portfolio shall be the sole inheritor of my estate, and all my possessions. Signed Erica Riken."

"Would you like to see it?" asked Blanca.

"No, that won't be necessary," said Janet softly, "please proceed."

Blanca then handed out identical manila envelopes to both Tiffany and Janet, and all three occupants of the office sat, staring at each other.

Tiffany tore open hers, and that was the signal for Blanca and Janet to open theirs. Inside were two reports, with a cover sheet, and a complete listing of their portfolio, containing every transaction that they had made over the previous year. All three leafed through the reports, finally coming to the last page.

"NO!" cried Tiffany, "NO! I was ahead. Far ahead!" sobbed Tiffany as tears fell from her eyes.

"You were," said Blanca, "Except that you got greedy. That diamond necklace you bought placed you thousands of dollars behind when the market went down. Then you gambled with those futures contracts. But those futures contracts you bought two weeks ago put you under when they went bad, placing you just five thousand dollars behind Janet."

"No," cried Tiffany.

"I therefore award the entire estate, and one slave, Tiffany Gray to Mistress Janet Davis, who has fulfilled the conditions as specified by the late Erica Riken," said Blanca.

Janet relaxed in her chair, the months of tension and pain finally leaving her. She sighed, happy that Tiffany's vanity and greed had lifted the Sword of Damocles that hung above her.

"Do you have a bathroom?" cried Tiffany.

Blanca pointed to a door, and Tiffany ran inside. They could both hear the sounds of retching from within.

"That doesn't happen often in a lawyer's office," pointed out Blanca, "only with the big cases."

"Thank you, Blanca," said Janet.

"Do you want to retain me as your lawyer?" asked Blanca.

"Of course," said Janet, "that will be perfectly satisfactory."

Once Tiffany had finished, she returned to her chair in silence. Her eyes were downcast, her makeup smudged. Her body had the posture of a defeated slave.

"If that's everything, I do have a busy caseload today," said Blanca.

"Thank you," said Janet as she stowed away the papers in her briefcase.

Janet rose and shook Blanca's hand.

"Come, slave," Janet said to Tiffany, "time to go home."

During the ride back, Janet read the reports, finding that Tiffany indeed had been doing better all along. But when Tiffany had bought the necklace it had placed her behind Janet's total. It was only after that she had started to use Jessica for her advisor did her portfolio improve for the better.

Tiffany sat in stunned silence, a dazed expression on her face, her body wracked by occasional spasms of tension.

When the limo exited the parkway, Janet asked the driver to stop off someplace else before they reached home. Tiffany was surprised to hear Janet order them to go to Lauren's House!

Entering by the gate, the limo pulled up in front of the door. Janet ordered Tiffany out, and they walked up the stairs. Janet told Tiffany that she wanted her to walk in front of Janet.

"Tiffany," greeted Lauren, "what a surprise."

"Yes, Lauren."

"I see that you've brought Janet. I told you that you'd win, and now Janet is your slave to use. Good, I'm sure that she can hardly wait to continue where I left off before," taunted Lauren.

"But I didn't win," cried Tiffany, "Janet did. By just five thousand dollars, thanks to that gamble you told me to take!"

"It's all here in black and white," said Janet, "I won, and Tiffany here belongs to me, not the other way round."

"Tiffany, I'm sorry," said Lauren.

"I should slap you for what you did to me," said Janet, "but I'm not going to give you the satisfaction. I just hope that you will learn how to properly use a slave girl, not just beat them into submission. Come, Tiffany."

In the car, Tiffany turned around and watched as Lauren's estate receded in the rear view mirror. There were tears falling from her cheeks.

When they arrived back at Erica's, now Janet's House, Janet threw her case on the library floor. She felt like she could fly! But there were other things to do, first.

"Tiffany," ordered Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," quickly answered Tiffany.

"I want you naked, wearing nothing but collar, bracelets, and high heels. Use the set that Erica had made for you, with your name on the leather collar," Janet ordered.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Then I want you to report back here. And I want that little trinket that you bought for yourself, that expensive diamond necklace. I have a particular use in mind for it," ordered Janet.

Janet sat behind Erica's desk. No, now it was her desk. The desk, the estate, everything now belonged fully to Janet Davis, former secretary from Queens. But now she was Mistress of the house. Her house and estate. Janet wondered if she should pinch herself in order to believe that she really had won and that this wasn't some dream.

'I'll be a good Mistress, Erica,' Janet thought to herself, 'I'll treat my slaves the way you treated me.'

The weight of memories, of what she had experienced in this house that was now hers flashed through her mind. Pain and pleasure, submission to Mistress Erica, Andrea, and Tiffany. Her use of Andrea and Tiffany. Stephanie's befriending her and Tina's arrival. The discovery of the competition, her near fatal beating by Lauren, and the recovery. Jessica's training, and her emotional depression in the last few weeks.

"I've won," Janet said aloud to herself, "Mistress Janet Davis. Mistress Janet Davis," she repeated to herself.

Janet poured herself a small sherry, and sat behind the desk. She allowed herself the luxury of a drink, and she enjoyed the fiery taste of the liquor as it slid down her throat.

'I still can't believe it,' Janet thought to herself, 'but I have to call Stephanie.'

While Tiffany was preparing herself, Janet called Stephanie on the cell phone, and she was overjoyed to hear the news. Stephanie offered to drive over instantly, but Janet turned her down.

"Give me about three hours," said Janet, "there's a chore that I have to perform first."

When Tiffany had returned to the library, she was outfitted as Janet had ordered, and she was carrying the necklace also. Tiffany still looked dazed and shocked, not knowing what would be expected of her next.

"How much is that necklace worth?" demanded Janet.

"Fifty thousand dollars," answered Tiffany.

"Had you not purchased the necklace, you still would have won," stated Janet.

"Yes, Mistress."

"I'm not ready yet to take you downstairs to the Dungeon and whip you till you call for mercy. But I will start here," said Janet, "now get on the footstool, slave."

Tiffany did as she was ordered, and lay quietly as Janet secured her elbows and knees to the footstool. She cinched the coils tight with two strands that went between Tiffany's limbs and the wood. Tiffany was now bound quite effectively to the footstool.

After placing a ballgag in Tiffany's mouth, Janet made sure to roughly fondle Tiffany. Janet pinched and pulled at Tiffany's breasts, and then fingered her sex. Tiffany squealed under Janet's harsh attentions. Janet had not used her since the time when she had nearly killed Tina.

"I hope that you can get used to the idea that I am now the Mistress in this House," said Janet, "because I shall be a far better Mistress to you than either you or Lauren would have been to me."

Tiffany merely grunted, her words muted by the ballgag. Janet saw the look of fear in her eyes that were directed at her.

"In my time as a Mistress, I have always let the slave have her choice of safeword. That was something I learned from Erica. However, I must choose for you, given our paths to this point. Your safeword shall be mercy, since that was denied me when your friend Lauren nearly beat me to death almost six months ago. You will be spared the agony and suffering that that I endured. Remember that every time I use you," coldly lectured Janet to her bound captive.

Even though she was still wearing the business suit, Janet placed the necklace around her neck and closed the clasp. Janet admired herself in the mirror.

"Looks nice, Tiffany. Pity it had such a huge cost," said Janet, "but I've never really had an interest in such things. Frankly, it still looks better on you."

Janet removed the necklace and placed it around Tiffany's neck. The image of her, naked and bound to the footstool, a leather collar around her neck while wearing an expensive diamond necklace, was one of the strangest that Janet could have ever devised!

"Tiffany, since you still wear the ring through your labia, I've decided that I'll make a similar medallion to the one Erica made for you. Except that it will read Tiffany, property of Mistress Janet. Just so that you will remember who your Mistress is."

"Mmmmmph!" grunted Tiffany in response.

"I'm now going to begin to punish you with the gag in your mouth, so that you will not have a chance to plead for mercy. I hope that will give you a small example of how I felt when Lauren was beating me and I was unable to plead for mercy, and my life."

Janet began, not with a paddle or crop, but just with her naked hand. After all, she had all the time in the world.

---

Three hours later, Stephanie arrived with Tina. Janet had finished with Tiffany, and had locked her in the cell downstairs. Tiffany had taken her punishment well, and her behind was a deep shade of red and the flesh was very warm to the touch. Halfway through, Janet had removed her ballgag and given her the opportunity to plead for mercy. Instead, Tiffany had stoically taken her first session with Janet as her new Mistress quite well. It was evident that she would have trouble accepting her new position as Janet's slave, and Janet would have to deal with that problem later.

It was a joyful reunion, unlike their parting just two days earlier. Stephanie folded her arms around Janet, and they danced together, planting kisses on each other. Tina had knelt in front of Janet, tears in her eyes.

"I'm so happy for you Mistress," cried Tina, "I said that I'd be back."

"Thank you. Both of you," tearfully answered Janet.

Janet dragged them inside, and they split a bottle of wine that had been in the refrigerator. A year's worth of tension was slowly being released. It didn't matter that Tina was a slave, and Janet poured a glass for her and directed her to sit in a chair, not kneel on the floor. Janet remembered waking up from the fever, and the first person she had seen was Tina, tears in her eyes.

"Just to bring you two back to reality, just remember that Tina is my slave," stated Stephanie, "but I'm sure that we can come to some kind of arrangement."

"I think that will be the first order of business in my proper position as Mistress of this House," answered Janet.

Janet related the story of how they had gone to New York City, and Janet had won. Then she told of their trip to Lauren's, and Janet was pleased in describing the look of defeat on Lauren's face. Finally, she told of her punishment of Tiffany, who was now locked downstairs in the cell.

"A good day," observed Stephanie.

"No, Mistress Stephanie. An excellent day!" said Tina, a smile across her face.

"Thank you. Both of you," Janet answered, tears of joy in her eyes.

After Stephanie had departed, and Tina had been restored to Janet, they went downstairs to the cell. Tiffany was resting, and she quickly rose to her feet when she saw her Mistress outside the cell door.

"Kneel slave," ordered Janet as she unlocked the cell door.

Tiffany knelt, and Janet and Tina entered the cell. Tiffany waited and placed her hands on her opened knees.

"Tina, this slave is for your use in maintaining the house. You may train and use her as you see fit, but never abuse her or allow your use of her to interfere with your chores. Do you understand?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," Tina answered.

"Good. Tiffany, do you understand also your position here, or do I have to beat that into you?" demanded Janet.

"No, Mistress," tearfully answered Tiffany, "I'll obey Tina's orders as I do yours."

"Good. Then maybe you've finally learned something," said Janet.

Janet lay alone in bed that night, still amazed at the day's events. It still seemed like a miracle that she had won, that she was Mistress and Tiffany her slave. In spite of knowing about the plot between Lauren and Tiffany, Janet had held her tongue. Even though she had confronted Lauren, or when she had Tiffany at her mercy, Janet had remained silent.

Nor had she told Stephanie or Tina, holding herself quiet, instead letting the joy of the moment overtake the deadly knowledge of what she knew.

'I'm going to have to keep Tiffany constantly chained, or in the cell,' thought Janet, 'until I can exchange her for Myra.'

Returning from a trip to the bathroom Janet found Tina kneeling naked at her bedside on the wooden floor.

"May I join you, Mistress?" asked Tina, her hands behind her head, her body on display.

"Yes, Tina. And thank you," answered Janet.

Later that evening, Janet got out of her bed to get some water. The two of them had made love for hours, and now Tina was fast asleep, with soft snores indicating her exhaustion.

Naked, Janet padded to the bathroom, and drank two glasses. When she returned to the bedroom, she found Tina awake and looking at her.

"Mistress?" asked Tina, "can I get you something?"

"No thank you, Tina. Just wanted some water. Do you want a glass?"

"No, Mistress."

"Please call me Janet, at least for tonight."

"Yes...Janet," Tina replied, unease evident in her voice.

"Tina, why did you stay with me?" asked Janet, "after you had been almost hurt by Tiffany, you could have left. Found another Mistress to serve, since I had broken my contract and let harm come to you. Why?"

Tina remained silent.

"Tina, please answer. I want to know."

"Because I fell in love with you, Janet. I felt that you needed someone to rely on, because you were so alone."

"Thank you, Tina."

Janet got back into bed, and hugged Tina. She kissed her maid passionately on the lips, while her hand cupped Tina's sex under the covers. Tina moaned in response and opened her legs to accommodate Janet's attentions.

"Hold me, Tina?" asked Janet, "please?"

"Yes, Janet."

They fell asleep in each other's arms holding together as one.

---

Tina led Jessica into the library, with the blindfold still covering her eyes. Once she had seated her charge on a seat in front of the desk, she removed the leather object.

"Thank you, Tina. Could we be alone?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," Tina replied, smiling to her Mistress.

"Mistress?" Jessica asked.

"Are you going to ask why Tina isn't undressing you now in the bedroom?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," answered Jessica.

"Drink?" asked Janet, "Sherry?"

"I don't understand, Mistress Janet," Jessica replied.

Janet rose from her desk, and poured two glasses of sherry from a bottle on a liquor cabinet. She passed one to Jessica before seating herself once again. Jessica was quite surprised, since the last time she had been in the house Janet had spanked her when she had served something wrong during dinner.

"Mistress?"

"Take a drink, Jessica. Drink to the fact that I came out ahead in the stock market. Else there would be another woman in this chair, and I would be down in the Dungeon, facing a grim fate."

Recognition came to Jessica quickly, and she smiled as she sipped her Sherry.

"You won, then, Mistress," surmised Jessica.

"Yes, Jessica. Thank you for all your help. Dominants aren't gods, and when we forget that, horrible things can happen. A wonderful Dom, Mistress Erica, who I shall never forget, trained me in this house. I shall continue to be just like her, and follow everything that she taught me."

"Why are you telling me this, Mistress Janet?" asked Jessica.

"Because you must learn never to let absolute power corrupt you, Jessica. One day, you may progress to being a Dominant. Then you will use the lessons that you have learned when you were being striped with a crop."

"Does Mistress Janet want to use her slave Jessica this evening?"

"Yes. Tina!" called Janet.

Tina entered the library after she had been called, a grin on her face.

"Tina, you may prepare our guest for this evening. And wipe that grin off your face before I place you over my knee and swat your behind!" declared Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," replied Tina, "but I still want you to spank me."

"Later, Tina, later."

'How can I maintain discipline as a Mistress when everyone around me is acting so damn happy?' Janet asked herself when she was alone.

---

Weeks later, Janet was attending to some paperwork when Stephanie had been invited over. When her friend entered the library, Janet rose and kissed her.

"Good afternoon," said Janet.

"Thank you," Stephanie answered.

"You said over the phone that you had something for me?" asked Janet.

"Yes, a letter from a Mistress Monique in California."

"Who's she?" asked Janet.

"I've met her once," said Stephanie, "very mysterious woman. She is on the East Coast, and will see you tomorrow. Sent me this letter to give to you."

Janet was passed the envelope, which was a very expensive piece of stationery. Her name was on the front, and a large M was the monogram on the envelope flap. In addition, there was a wax seal with her initial also.

"Quite mysterious," agreed Janet, who placed the envelope on her desk.

"How is it running the house?" asked Stephanie.

"Fine. I just still can't believe it," Janet answered.

"Drinks, Mistress?" asked Tina as she pushed a tray into the library.

"Yes, Tina, thank you," answered Janet, "can we be alone?"

"Yes, Mistress," said Tina before she closed the library doors.

"Sometimes I can't get rid of her," stated Janet, "and if I punish her, she only comes back for more."

"Such problems," agreed Stephanie.

Even though Janet had won the estate, she had still given Tina to Stephanie. So Tina was still Stephanie's property. So Janet had "leased" her back, until her term of contract with Stephanie was over in six months. Tina was required once every two weeks to spend a day with Stephanie, and Janet noted that she came back with a few new stripes every time. After six months, Tina would again wholly belong to Janet.

"There's a favor that I have to ask you. Could you train Tiffany for a while?"

"Sure, but why?" asked Stephanie.

"Because she already dislikes you, and I would like to get her out of the house for a while. It would be a great favor to me. I want you to take her this afternoon, please?" asked Janet.

"Certainly, but how severe do you want me to treat her?"

"Make her uncomfortable, and be sure that she is wearing that necklace at all times," specified Janet.

"Why, its worth a fortune," observed Stephanie.

"True. It's just another reminder to Tiffany about the price of her folly," said Janet.

What nobody else knew was that the necklace that Tiffany was wearing was a fake. The real one was in Janet's safe deposit box at the Stone bank in Greenwich. Janet had had one specially made up, and had substituted them one day. So the object around Tiffany's neck was a fraud, of little value!

Janet watched Stephanie drive away later, with Tiffany cuffed in the front passenger seat next to her. It was going to be nice to be alone with Tina for a while. The letter from Monique had been forgotten until well after dinner. She was just about to open it, when the phone rang.

"Hello?" asked Janet.

"This is Monique. Have you read my letter?"

"I'm just opening it now."

Dear Mistress Janet, Let me introduce myself. I am Monique, from California. I have been requested to deliver a special package to you tonight. M

"I've just read it," said Janet.

"Good, I'll be over in ten minutes," said Monique.

When Monique arrived, she was in a large black limousine. The driver was female, and she helped her passenger to remove a bound woman from the back seat of the car.

The woman was harshly bound, and totally helpless. Her head was encased in a red discipline helmet that was laced up in the back, and her chest was bound into a corset, that pulled her waist tightly in. Her wrists and ankles were cuffed together with gleaming stainless steel cuffs.

"Greetings, I am Monique," said her guest.

"Please come inside," said Janet.

"Sorry, but I cannot stay. I shall return within three days, when I shall pick her up again. You may have the use of her during that time."

"This is all quite irregular," Janet observed, "far outside normal procedures. I normally don't conduct myself in this manner, and I don't like it."

"Are you refusing the use of this girl?" asked Monique.

"Stephanie told me that you were reliable, so I shall take her word in this matter and accept her. But next time, I want prior notice, interviews, and reports on her first."

"Understood, Mistress Janet," Monique answered.

"Thank you," said Janet, as she watched the limo quickly depart.

How mysterious! Janet walked the bound woman inside, and conducted her into the library. Monique had handed her an envelope, with some papers saying that the slave's name was Alana Peters.

Janet, after reading the papers, stood up and removed the discipline helmet, after unlacing it from the rear. She pulled the helmet off from the front, and a rubber phallus gag with an air hole was removed from the slave's mouth.

"Mistress Erica!" cried Janet, shock on her face when she recognized her former Mistress.

"Janet. How good to see you," said Erica.

"Erica, I knew you weren't dead," cried Janet as she sank to her knees.

"There now, Janet. I'm not really dressed for the way you're treating me, so stand up. You're the Mistress, now," said Erica.

Janet stood up and unlocked Erica's wrists, and removed the hobble chain. Still wearing the corset, Janet invited her to sit behind the desk, but Erica declined.

"That's your desk now, not mine. I'm just your guest here, your slave."

"Mistress Erica, why did you devise this test of Tiffany and myself?"

"All in good time, Janet. I'll be here for three days. Where is Tiffany?"

"Stephanie is training her," answered Janet, "I felt it would be better for her to be trained by someone else for a while, not me."

"Good, I only wanted to see you anyway. Tina doesn't know me, and it would be inconvenient to be seen by Tiffany."

"Isn't faking your death a crime?" asked Janet.

"It is provided fraud is committed. There was no large life insurance policy on me, there were clearly designated heirs, and taxes were paid."

"But you gave me your estate?" protested Janet.

"Did you really think that this was my entire estate?" laughed Erica, "no, Erica Riken was just one identity of mine. And Alana isn't my real name, either. Fact is, you'll never know just who I really am. That's why I kept such a low profile, even if I was rich. And you should too."

"What are you doing now?" asked Janet.

Erica held up her left hand, and on her third finger was a simple gold wedding band.

"Married? You're married? You left this life to get hitched?" questioned Janet.

"It was time to start something new. My husband knows of my former life, and he doesn't care. And that's all I'll say about it. Which brings me to the purpose of my visit. You may use me for three days, and then return me to Mistress Monique. In any way you wish, for I'll be your slave."

"I don't know what to say," answered Janet.

"Say yes, and use me, Janet. Every slave has a desire to use her Mistress. You now have that chance for three days. As you would any other slave. Just refer to me as Alana, not Erica."

"Erica, I can't use you. I just can't. You were my Dom; you made me cry and taught me submission. I would touch my stripes at home, remembering how you administered them. I ached with desire when you wouldn't let me into your bed. I still revere you, Erica."

"I'm not a goddess, Janet. Just a woman who was a Dominant for a while, so use me as a slave," said Erica.

Janet sat behind the desk, never imagining that she would be in this position. Here was Erica, asking to be used as a slave!

"Don't make me beg, Mistress Janet. Use me. Please?"

Looking at Erica, Janet remembered when she had been standing in front of Erica. She had seen Tiffany used the previous night, and now Erica was demanding that she write why she wanted to be a slave and serve a Mistress. Now Janet was the one behind the desk, and Erica was on the other side. Janet finally made her decision, and she tried to look confident, but instead was quaking with fear inside. How does one go about using her Trainer?

"Yes, Mistress," finally answered Janet.

"You are the Mistress now, Janet. Always remember that, and never forget what I have taught you."

"Tina!" called Janet.

They waited until Tina entered through the library doors. Tina arrived, wearing a red rubber Maid's outfit that Janet had specially picked out for her.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Take this slave to the bedroom, remove her corset and outfit her in collar, bracelets, and a pair of heels. Her name is Alana, and she will be with us for three days," said Janet.

"Yes, Mistress, has she been interviewed?" asked Tina.

Tina was more than just her maid now, she was her assistant in the training of her slaves. Tina would help interview and explore just why her clients would come to her to submit to a Mistress, in preparation for her own time as a Mistress in the future.

"Yes, Tina. She is quite submissive, and has been a slave for some time. Please report back here when she is ready," Janet ordered.

After a short time, Tina led Alana, now naked and prepared back to the library. Janet was reviewing some reports on another of her charges, and she waiting to address Tina and Alana until she finished reading.

Alana was now naked, and attired as Janet had ordered. Her hands were locked behind her back, and she was led by a leash that was attached to her collar. Janet looked over her skin, and knew that Alana, no Erica, had not been used in a long time.

"Thank you, Tina. We can be alone now," ordered Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," said Tina.

Janet waited until they were alone after Tina had closed the library doors, and Janet heard Tina's heels click as she walked away, indicating that she was resuming her chores.

"Is this what you want, Erica?" Janet asked.

"Yes, Mistress Janet. This will be the last time in my life that I enter a Dungeon, or submit to another woman, ever. I now leave the life of Dominance and submission in the same way I entered into it years ago, naked and as a slave. It is only fitting that I submit to you, my last slave, who has inherited my title and estate," Erica answered.

From behind her desk, Janet tried to read Erica's face and body language. Was there something else that Erica was trying to hide? Janet had served Erica for months, all the same time that her Mistress had been plotting her competition between Janet and Tiffany.

Now Erica was leaving the world that she had introduced Janet to. Was there some truth that Erica was not telling, some additional secret? Janet had never been able to read Erica Riken. Not in the Dungeon, and not in the bedroom either.

"Then I shall recall Tina here, to witness your submission," said Janet.

"Yes, Mistress Janet."

"Tina!"

As they waited, Janet wondered if any Mistress had ever been in this position before, of using their Trainer. She remembered how Stephanie had offered herself to Janet to be used. Now it was her Mistress that stood before her. Why? Janet asked herself, was this some penance on Erica's part? Or was there something else?

Finally, Tina arrived and it was time for Janet to act her part.

"Do you, Alana Peters, submit to my discipline of your own free will?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Without force or coercion?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"That for your stay here, you shall not have the freedom of your body, which shall belong totally to me, or whomever I command to have the use of you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Then rise, Alana," the woman rose after Janet's command, "Tina, what are the chores today?"

"Washing the windows, Mistress."

"Strenuous work, yes?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," Tina answered.

"Outfit her with a belt around her waist and a large dildo in her sex, complete with a clit stimulator. If she objects, use the crop. If she does a poor job on the windows, use her severely, you have my permission."

"Yes, Mistress," Tina answered.

"Thank you, Tina, that will be all," said Janet.

Tina led her charge away, who remained silent, who did not protest her bondage. Janet sat back in her chair, wondering if she was doing the right thing with Erica. She had just ordered that her trainer wear a dildo harness around her waist. Every step and motion for her would be a form of erotic agony, with her sex and clit constantly aroused by the dildo inside her.

Janet remembered how she had been sexually excited the first time that Erica had ordered her to wear the harness. Every movement of her body made the dildo rub against her sex, the stimulator on her clit keeping her constantly aroused. How fast her heart beat, how close to climax she was for hours.

"So now the roles are reversed," Janet said aloud to herself, alone in the library.

Alana performed her duties with Tina during the day, without any comment or complaint. The constant stimulation of her sex kept her constantly aroused, and she kept trying to expel the invader within.

Janet had only one session that evening, and had ordered that Alana be chained against the Dungeon wall to witness the use of her slave, Nola. Alana had finally been released from the dildo harness, but a ballgag had been inserted in her mouth to insure her silence.

Nola was midway through her training, and Janet knew just what the slave was expecting. Janet striped her with the whip, then the crop. She pinched her erect nipples, making her moan with excitement and desire. Finally, she inserted her fingers into Nola's wet sex, driving her ever closer to climax.

"Do you desire to please your Mistress?" asked Janet.

"Yes, Mistress Janet," plead Nola.

"I regret that I must cut our session short for tonight, Nola. But I promise you that you shall be rewarded amply next time."

"Mistress?" asked Nola.

Janet pushed her fingers deeper into Nola's sex, then removed them suddenly. Nola suddenly orgasmed, and jerked within her bonds, moaning with pleasure.

"Next time, slave," said Janet as she kissed Nola on the lips.

"Thank you, Mistress," said Nola.

"You're welcome. Tina, release Nola, and get her cleaned up," ordered Janet.

"Yes, Mistress."

"See you next week, Nola," said Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," Nola replied as Tina released her.

Nola then bent down and kissed Janet's high heels, before she was led away by Tina, to be bathed and dressed. Originally, Janet had planned to keep her for the night and use her further. But her new charge had changed her plans for the evening.

Janet walked over to the wall, and unlocked Alana's wrists, then she locked them behind her back. Next, she reached down, and began to pinch the wona's erect nipples, making her squeal. Continuing, she then inserted two of her fingers into Alana's sex, which was already wet.

"Excited, aren't you?" questioned Janet.

All that Alana could do was to nod her head in assent to Janet's question.

"Before our two days are through, Alana, you shall be screaming out your submission to me, and you shall be whipped into a frenzy. Is that what you want? I'm giving you one final chance to be released," offered Janet as she removed the gag from Alana's mouth.

"Yes, Mistress, please use me?" requested Alana.

Janet then walked her over to the ceiling chain and unlocked her wrists once again before she chained them over Alana's head. A spreader bar soon locked her ankles apart, and Janet finished by activating a switch that pulled the ceiling chain taut.

"Prepare to be used, slave," said Janet.

"Yes, Mistress."

Janet removed a coiled whip from the wall, and offered the handle to Alana, who kissed it when offered. While holding the whip, Janet wondered if she had looked that way when Erica had offered it to her.

She began to use Alana in a slow, careful fashion. Janet did not know just how long it had been since she had been last used, so she did not want to shock her by harshly using the whip. Even though Alana had told her that she would take the most severe discipline, Janet still exercised control and responsibility in using her new submissive.

After Janet had delivered the first series of strokes, Janet paused. The exertions of two scenes were taking their toll on her, since she was wearing a latex outfit. Janet paused, as Tina re-entered the Dungeon.

"Mistress Janet, Nola has been bathed, dressed, and sent on her way," stated Tina.

"Thank you, Tina," Janet answered.

"Slave Alana, are you all right?" Janet asked.

"Yes, Mistress," Alana replied.

"I shall now take a pause."

"Yes, Mistress."

Deep in her heart, Janet had always wondered just what it would be like to use her Mistress. Erica, the woman who had introduced her to being a slave. Erica, who had striped her naked body, then used her sexually. Who had awakened fires in her that would never be quenched.

Now Erica was naked and bound and being used by her former slave, and she was reacting well under Janet's whip.

"Tina?"

"Yes, Mistress?"

"You may use our new slave, if you want."

"Thank you, Mistress," answered Tina.

Tina selected a riding crop, and displayed it to Alana. She bent it between her gloved hands.

"When were you last cropped, slave?" asked Tina.

"A long time ago, Mistress," Alana answered.

"Do you desire the crop?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Tina looked at Janet for permission, and Janet nodded her approval.

"Kiss the crop," directed Tina, who offered the handle to her captive.

"Yes, Mistress."

When it was offered to her, Alana kissed the crop with her lips. Alana was performing just like any other slave, just as if she had belonged to Janet all along.

"Ten strokes, Mistress?" asked Tina.

"That will be fine, Tina."

Tina delivered her strokes in a businesslike, methodical fashion. She struck at Alana's underarms, her breasts, her behind, and finally between her legs. Each stroke left a red mark behind, and was delivered with enough force to make Alana jump within her chains.

"Thank you, Mistress," sobbed Alana when the strokes were completed.

Janet had never thought that she would ever see her Mistress cry. But now her Mistress was gone, instead she was now under Janet's whip and control.

"Tina, you may release Alana, bathe her, and chain her in a bedroom. I won't be using her tonight. However, you may have her if you want," offered Janet.

"Mistress?" asked Tina.

"You can speak to me later. I'm going to bathe and change," said Janet.

"Yes, Mistress."

Janet was wearing nothing but a kimono robe and slippers in her bedroom when Tina knocked on the door.

"Enter," ordered Janet.

"Mistress, may I speak to you?" asked Tina.

"Yes, Tina."

"You said that Alana is an experienced slave," stated Tina.

"Yes," Janet answered.

"If she is, she has not been used in quite some time," suggested Tina.

"Thank you for bringing that to my attention, Tina. However, she had worked adequately in the house today, and took her discipline quite well, so there is no cause for concern. Where is she?"

"Alana has been bathed and is chained in a bedroom, Mistress," answered Tina.

"Thank you, Tina. But I don't want to use her myself tonight. You may, however."

"But Mistress Janet, it's traditional that you as Mistress use her first," pointed out Tina.

"Yes, Tina. But not tonight, I'm giving her to you," Janet answered.

"Thank you, Mistress."

"Except that I don't want her to climax. Use the crop, stimulate her, get her near to orgasm as you can, but frustrate her. Don't let her cum. And when you're finished, chain her wrists to her collar and lock a spreader bar to her ankles," ordered Janet.

"Yes, Mistress," answered Tina, "I shall obey your orders."

"Thank you, Tina."

"Thank you, Mistress Janet," said Tina as Janet turned back towards her bed.

"See you in the morning," said Janet to her departing maid and confidant.

During the night, Janet had awakened after turning in early. She walked by the bedroom, and she could her the sounds within as Tina used Alana. She could be heard, crying and moaning, and the occasional slap of leather against her skin. Janet knew that Tina would obey her orders to the letter, and not exceed them.

The next day was uneventful. Janet had appointments that kept her out of the house, and she had to drive up to Hartford for something she couldn't cancel. Fortunately, she didn't have any sessions planned that evening, so she could devote herself to using Alana.

Tina was given the use of Alana during the day to maintain the house after Janet had left. The trip to Hartford and her business there took shorter than expected, so she was back to the house early.

Janet had a late lunch, and used Alana briefly during the afternoon. She made Alana service her in the library, and her former owner brought her to climax. Once she had climaxed, Janet beat her with a crop, striping her several times.

"Do you like serving your Mistress?" Janet asked.

"Yes, Mistress Janet," tearfully answered Alana.

"Good, for you shall serve me in the Dungeon later. I shall make you scream with pain and pleasure."

"Yes, Mistress."

True to her word, Janet used Alana severely. She decided to use the long whip, which would wrap itself around Alana and sting fiercely. Alana was soon in tears from her use by Mistress Janet.

Once she had whipped Alana into a frenzy, she had Tina release her and bring her to Janet's bedroom.

"Now, slave," said Janet, "it is time." In her bedroom, Janet relentlessly continued her punishment of Alana, using the riding crop on her back over and over. Like a demon that possessed her, Janet continued to crop Alana repeatedly, time after time. She beat Alana without pause, without rest. Her naked body was soon a mass of red stripes from the crop, and tears of pain fell from her cheeks.

"Mercy, Mistress Janet, mercy!" Alana screamed in pain.

"NO!" said Janet, madness possessing her to continue cropping Alana.

In spite of Alana's plea for mercy, a strange madness possessed Janet to continue using the crop on the slave's back, delivering stroke after stroke. Finally, flecks of blood appeared on Alana's back as the skin was broken, and the crop's tip was colored red.

"Mercy," cried Alana, "mercy!"

"NO!" screamed Janet tears falling from her eyes.

"Show me your back, Mistress Janet! Or are you Mistress Lauren?" demanded Erica, her voice and persona changing.

"NO! I'm not Lauren!" screamed Janet.

"Then why are you behaving like Lauren?"

Janet fell to the floor, sobbing as she dropped the riding crop. She covered her eyes with her hands trying to contain the tears. Erica's mention of Lauren reopened the memory of her suffering months before.

"Before you strike my back again, show me yours!" ordered Erica.

"Oh god, what have I become?" cried Janet, as she fell to her knees on the floor. The madness and bloodlust that had gripped her for the last hour was suddenly made real to her, how she was acting in a sadistic manner. Janet had refused a call for mercy, something that she pledged that she would never do. How she was acting like Mistress Lauren.

Erica unzipped the PVC top that Janet was wearing, which had exposed her arms, but covered the rest of her upper body. She removed it from Janet's torso, and dropped it to the floor and stood up. Erica struggled to her feet on shaky legs, her body in pain from the beating that she had endured.

"You knew," cried Janet, "you knew all along."

"Yes."

"Why didn't you ask me in the library?" asked Janet.

"Because it had to come in it's own way. Because you had to beat me and refuse my call for mercy while you striped my back. Yes, I heard about what Lauren did to you. How you took the punishment of a slave who had been used beyond her breaking point, and paid a terrible price for it. I was very proud when I heard about a new Mistress who observed all the rules, acted wisely and coolly. I knew that you had learned everything that I had taught you," said Erica.

"Why does Lauren hate you so?" sobbed Janet.

"We were both slaves together, then became Dominants at the same time. There was always something vicious and evil about her, and when she advanced to Mistress, she forgot the responsibility that we hold," answered Erica.

"No! There's more, tell me all of it!" Janet demanded.

"Lauren discovered an excellent slave, one that wanted to be trained and serve a Mistress. But she abused her, and punished her severely. I rescued the girl, and made her my slave instead."

"Tiffany?" asked Janet.

"No, Stephanie."

"Stephanie?" Janet repeated, dumbfounded.

"Yes. That's why she hates you, Stephanie, and myself. She was always angry that I took Stephanie from her, and probably one day vowed revenge. Stephanie was a superb slave who learned quickly, and who had excellent qualities. She advanced from slave to Mistress in just a few years," Erica recalled.

"Why did Lauren want to kill me?" sobbed Janet.

"To Lauren, you represented me," continued Erica. "That was why when you surrendered to her, Lauren finally had her chance to punish me, with you as my surrogate. You never knew that when you took that slave's punishment in her place. What was her name?"

"Myra."

"Then you must do all you can to free her from Lauren's grasp," directed Erica.

"She also met me later in Greenwich. She told me that Lauren was advising Tiffany, and that Tiffany was ahead in the stock market," answered Janet.

"You have to free her, Janet."

"Yes," sobbed Janet, "I swear I will, Erica."

"You must, Janet," answered Erica.

"Why, Erica? Why did I have to go through such hell?" questioned Janet.

"As my newest and last slave," Erica began. "I felt that you had as much right to my legacy as one of my older ones. Tiffany has been one of my slaves for a long time. But I had no idea that she was probably serving Lauren, my enemy, as well."

"Erica, Tiffany and Lauren were conspiring together from the very beginning after your death. The night after you died, I went to Tiffany's apartment. I knocked over a game, Conquest, in her closet. I boasted how good I was. Six months later, at Lauren's, we played Conquest, and I won easily. I was set up, since Myra had already been used. When I met Lauren before, she knew that I disapproved of her methods, and I would be forced into taking Myra's place."

"Then you must trade or sell Tiffany to Lauren in exchange for Myra."

"I have to. I certainly can't keep Tiffany in my House," agreed Janet.

"I could not have imagined that you would have had to face Lauren," said Erica, "she must have made you suffer horribly on my account."

"I wanted to die," bluntly stated Janet.

"But you survived, Janet. There are many responsibilities that you will have as Mistress, both good and bad. You will be holding a person's very life in your hands, and you will be responsible for it."

"That was what I told Tiffany the night before the codicil was read," Janet answered.

"Then you have learned what your role as a Mistress is really about, not just providing yourself with sexual satisfaction."

"But why the competition, Erica?"

"I had to find some way of testing the two of you, something that you could not control. Something that would test you to your very limits of endurance and strength. But I never thought that you would be tested almost to the brink of death. I'm sorry Janet, but the life of a Mistress isn't always going to be a happy one. You learned harder and faster, than any slave or Mistress ever had to. You will make a fine Mistress, Janet. You have learned everything that I taught you, and deserve to inherit my legacy."

Janet buried her face in her hands and sobbed, tears flowing from her eyes, droplets running down her hands and cheeks.

"Thank you, Erica. I'll always remember you," sobbed Janet.

"I know you will, Janet. I know you will," comforted Erica.

Before Erica left the next day, she hugged and kissed Janet. She would not leave the estate bound, but instead wore a red dress and modest heels.

"Janet, good-bye. Be a good Mistress, a good owner to Tina, and a good friend to Stephanie. For me?" asked Erica.

"Yes, Mistress," Janet replied.

"I shall not pass this way again, Janet," said Erica as she choked back tears, "I just have to go. I'm sorry."

'I'll do everything you asked, Erica,' Janet thought to herself as she watched Erica climb into the limo with Mistress Monique, 'good-bye, Mistress Erica.'

Janet entered her house and closed the door behind her. Tina was waiting in the foyer, and Janet had a hard time restraining herself from crying.

"Is everything all right, Mistress?" Tina asked.

"Yes, Tina."

"Then why are you crying for a slave you only had for a few days, Mistress Janet?"

"Tina, please, there are some questions that you are better off not asking. And you must never physically describe Alana to anyone, do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"I would like to be alone," said Janet as she saw the limo pull away from the landing.

'You're hiding something Erica,' Janet thought to herself, 'What it is I don't know, but you're hiding something as usual.' Janet watched the limo pull away, then ran to the library to cry. Janet noticed that Erica did not look back at the estate from the rear window of the car. It took her an hour to regain her composure, and then she drove to Stephanie's house.

"You don't want Tiffany back yet, do you?" asked Stephanie as they entered the library together.

Stephanie poured two small glasses of sherry, and she handed one to Janet. They both sat down together, Stephanie behind her desk, Janet in the leather seat in front of her. Janet wore a green blouse and a modest skirt that showed off her legs.

"No, that's not why I came here."

"Go ahead," said Stephanie.

"I want to buy Myra from Rene and Lauren. I owe her that much for telling me about Lauren and Tiffany, and trade her for Tiffany."

"Risky. If Lauren finds out that's it you that wants Myra, she won't sell and Myra will be horribly punished. We'll have to find a Mistress who will help us and disguise her real reasons for buying Myra. What else?"

"I also want to go back to that plastic surgeon you brought me to and get my back fixed. It's time now, and I no longer have to wear the stigmata of my beating by Lauren," asserted Janet.

"All right," replied Stephanie, "are you feeling okay, Janet? You seem disturbed by something."

"I'm fine, thank you," Janet lied.

"What about that slave Monique brought over?"

"Just a girl that needed some additional training, that's all," Janet answered, and in a strange way, it was true!

"Janet, I have a confession to make. I was Erica's slave before I became a Dom. I should have told you long ago, I'm sorry," apologized Stephanie.

"That's all right, Stephanie. Will I ever know all of Erica's secrets?" asked Janet.

"No, I don't think so," Stephanie replied.

"I don't think so either."

Janet sat back in her leather chair, enjoying the feel of it on her bare legs. Finally, after her year of trial, her test and ordeal was over. It was time to properly begin her life as a Mistress, just as she had been trained.

### Epilogue

Janet relaxed behind her desk in the library, warming her fingers on the steaming mug of coffee that she was holding. She watched, as the snow outside the windows became progressively heavier. Having just returned from two weeks in the Bahamas, Janet had managed to arrive home the day before a blizzard struck.

Tina had awakened her, and they had shared a nice breakfast together. Then Tina had to attend to her chores, and Janet to assume her role as Mistress of the House. Afterwards, Janet had adjourned to the library to work on the mail and other paperwork required in running the estate.

Janet had taken her coffee mug and a thermos pitcher of black coffee with her. Running her estate was lengthy work, and would require plenty of coffee to keep her going.

The radio was droning quietly about the forecast that at least thirty inches of snow were coming, and Connecticut was going to be snowed in. It was a good thing that Janet always took a couple of days to rest after a trip before resuming her normal schedule. There was nothing on her calendar except for dinner with Stephanie, which would have to be canceled.

Glancing outside, she saw that the snow was already drifting onto the library windows. It was inches deep by now, and the storm was just getting started. So Janet knew that she was going to be house bound for a few days.

"Damn!" said Janet aloud to herself.

She had marked the date in red ink, and Janet suddenly realized why. It was the third anniversary of the day she had been nearly fatally beaten by Mistress Lauren, in her revenge against Erica. She had wanted the anniversary each year to be marked by a private dinner with Stephanie, to thank her for saving Janet's life.

Even though it had been two years, Janet had never told Stephanie about Erica's secret or how Lauren and Tiffany had plotted to kill her. There were some things that were better kept quiet, which was something else that she had learned from Erica. Though they often shared a bed together, and Janet longed to confess to someone about what she knew, Janet still stayed silent.

Janet wondered what would have happened to her life if it had snowed on that night and she and Tiffany had not gone to Lauren's party. Would events have turned out differently? Would Tiffany now be sitting in the chair, and Janet in the Dungeon? Or was the agony that Janet suffered necessary for her to win Erica's competition between them? Her back had been fixed, and the physical scars removed. It had been a painful process, but nothing like the agony she had suffered when inflicted by Lauren. She remembered how she had wanted to scream and plead for mercy, but Lauren had buckled a ballgag in her mouth. Then Janet had been beaten severely, far beyond just drawing blood. Janet knew that she would have begged Lauren for her life, but that had been denied her by the gag.

Janet was now a successful Mistress, with plenty of eager and willing slaves to please her. She had learned from both Erica and Stephanie, and was regarded as a superb Dominatrix and her advice sought by others.

It had taken Janet and Stephanie six months to create a scheme to trade Tiffany for Myra, which had succeeded. Now, Myra was one of Janet's most devoted slaves, and would do anything for her. Meanwhile, Janet wondered just what sort of miserable life that Tiffany must be leading as Lauren's slave. Would she someday meet Tiffany somewhere, begging for Janet to buy her?

Finally, Janet started on the mail. She sorted through the bills, ads, and organized it into neat piles. However, there was a standard business envelope with no return address on it. It had been printed on an ink-jet printer, with her name and address.

Janet opened the envelope, and unfolded a single sheet of paper, which also contained a newspaper article about a fatal car accident. Janet didn't recognize the name of the victim.

But tears did come when she read the letter:

> Dear Janet, I trust that you are well, and things are working well for you in your life as a Mistress. I'm writing to inform you of Erica's death in a traffic accident, which happened a few days ago. Enclosed you will find an article about her death. After Erica and I "died" in the plane crash, I started a new life also, as a Mistress in my own right. Erica did not want me to contact you, feeling that you had to establish your own life. I am happy to hear that you have done a good job of it. Erica always loved you, deeply.
>
> Andrea

Below her name, Andrea had written a phone number, as an afterthought. Janet decided that she would call later in the day.

During her brief three-day visit two years earlier, Erica had been alone in the library. In a book of Japanese poetry, she had outlined a poem in red, then placed a bookmark on the page. Janet had stumbled across it months later, on the first anniversary of her beating by Lauren.

Janet read: You only live twice: Once when you are born, And once when you look death in the face.

Janet had seen death in Lauren's face, and she would always remember it. But why did Erica have to die, and not Lauren? Fate was unfair, just as Erica had said it would be.

Watching the snow pile itself into silent drifts, it seemed a peaceful and fitting day to learn that Erica was really gone. Janet reflected on the events that led her to this point quietly, before she resumed her duties as Mistress of her Estate.

THE END of "Janet in Training"
