---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Adventures of Maria
authors:
- John Sanders
tags:
- FF-f
- party
- latex
- catsuit
- corset
- bond
- chairtie
- straps
- hoods
- maid
- slave
- susp
- inflate
- bdsm
- tease
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2002-12-20 00:00:00
---

Copyright 1996 John Sanders.May be freely distributed by cybernetic media, provided no fee is charged or profit gained. Hard copies are expressly forbidden without prior consent of the author. May not be published or distributed otherwise without permission.

**Part One: The Dinner Party -
Preparation.**

It was the festive season, parties, dinners and dances were the main
occupation of the evening. Invitations for the company of the vivacious
Maria came from everywhere. In fact it was rather boring attending the
regular hunt balls, the ladies' nights and the other expensive charitable
do's. The strangely embossed envelope that arrived in the morning post
immediately attracted Maria's attention. Her eyes settled on a black envelope,
written in a strong, bold script. The contrast of the black paper against
the silver pen was striking to the eye. This was something to be savoured.
Quickly, Maria opened the other envelopes. They were the usual rash of
cards from people almost forgotten, interspersed by the odd bill from Harrods
and Fortnum and Masons.

Maria's tolerant impatience in dealing with these mundane matters almost
drove her to distraction as her eyes kept returning to this intriguing
cover. At last, the routine opening was over. The black and silver envelope
was the only one left. It lay on the table, thin and flat, but as Maria
moved to pick it up, the diagonal light caught the lines of the embossing.
On first sight, it looked like an "O". Maria, becoming more and more intrigued,
looked at the sign more closely. It was a circle, but there was more detail
in the ring. Moving the envelope through the light at different angles,
Maria noticed the detail pressed into the paper. It was a coil of cord
finished with a reef knot, a neat ring of rope.

Opening the envelope with care, Maria took out the enclosed black card,
printed in silver. It was no ordinary invitation, it was a command. A thrill
shivered through Maria as she read the few, brief words. It read:- Madame
Ruth orders you to attend dinner at Fetter Manor on New Year's Eve. 7.30
pm for 7.30. Dress - Extreme. Carriages when permitted. Reply is not required
- This order will be obeyed. This curt instruction set thought of anticipation
swirling through Maria's mind. She had heard of Fetter Manor and had seen
the cars coming and going on various evenings, but never had she seen the
visitors. Tales were told in the village about the exceptional Madame Ruth, but
never had Maria anticipated receiving such a regal command. It was barely
a week before the appointed day, what could she wear? What was meant by
extreme? Nobody could be asked, nobody could advise, but the embossed insignia
and the imperious command stated that extreme dress was definitely not
the pink taffeta cocktail dress.

When alone, Maria dressed to please herself. She felt comfortable wearing
her pantyhose and high heels. The pantyhose were sheer, so clear that nothing
was hidden of her sensuous body. To be prepared for the occasional visitor
she wore a leotard of shining, black PVC. It hugged her body, accentuating
her full breasts. Flattering the slimness of her waist against the full
round curves of her hips. The wide front covered her sex, but the high
cut legs and thong back intensified the roundness of her luscious buttocks.
Searching through her wardrobe, Maria looked at many of her dresses, but
nothing looked to fit the description of extreme. At last she started looking
into the special wardrobe containing her clothes that she normally kept
for her more intimate evenings in with her special friends.

Lifting out cire, pvc and rubber garments her eyes lighted on the very
special creation she had made by a specialist dressmaker. It was a brilliant
scarlet, a real eye catching colour that could hardly be matched. Lifting
it out of the wardrobe sent a shudder of expectancy through Maria. She
had never worn this creation, it was very expensive and no circumstance,
until now had warranted its use. Now though, was the time. It hung quit
heavily on the hanger for it was of heavy gauge latex. In this state it
did not look much, it was a straight, slim line rubber dress. But Maria
knew more. It was more than a dress, it was a total body stocking that
would enclose her from head to foot in this sensuous scented material.

How the days dragged by, but eventually New Years' Eve came, the 31st
of December. Would the day be long enough to prepare? Could she keep her
excitement in check at entering this unknown mansion? What would happen?
Taking the day slowly, Maria ran herself a hot, luxuriously scented foam
bath. She pampered her body with foaming sponges and soft towels until
she glowed throughout her body. The day was slipping by and at last it
was time to put on the final make up and dress in this exquisite ensemble.
The make-up for this dress was simple, deep plum red lipstick, silver eye
shadow, deep black eye lining and black mascara for the eyelashes. The
hair-do was simple also, hair drawn back and pressed close to her skull. No waves or curls, there would be no hair on display tonight.

Thus prepared, Maria returned to her bedroom, looked at the dress hanging
by the wardrobe and entered the final stage of preparation. Taking the
dress, she separated it into two parts by removing the long, pencil slim
skirt, revealing a cat suit that would cover her from head to foot. Standing
without a stitch of clothes on, Maria lavishly powdered herself and then
inside the cat suit. Unzipping the body suit, rolling the legging section
down, she drew the suit on, struggling and sliding into it, easing the
tight fitting latex over her feet, calves, thighs, hips, bust, neck, and
finally, the head piece. She had had the zip put in the front of the suit,
she knew the problems of trying to dress alone with zips in the back. She
nestled the neck band snugly about her neck, joined the zip together and
started to slide the slider down the shiny silver zip. The sensation was
exquisite. As the zip pulled the suit tight about her, so her body snuggled
into the shapes the makers had so accurately welded for her.

First her breasts were enclosed and with the lavish powdering, she felt
herself ease into the cups that had been so carefully devised. The narrowing
of the waist hugged her figure and then flared out to encompass her shapely
hips and bottom. Finally, the zip slipped between her legs and concealed
the secret, but aching intimate parts. Turning to the mirror, she saw herself,
as the real scarlet woman. The latex clung and enfolded her like another
skin. Her deep plum coloured lips and silver and black eyes contrasted
sharply with the brilliance of the rubber. The swell of her breasts, the
slimness of her waist against the curve of her hips, her slim legs made
Maria wish she could love herself.

But she was not yet ready, the
body suit was too extreme for this early stage and she had yet to put on
her matching boots. They enclosed her legs to the knees and raised her
another four inches on the stiletto heels. Having pulled on the boots and
again viewed herself in the mirror, with distinct approval, Maria eased
herself into the skirt. It was so tight it was almost as if her legs were
bound together from thigh to ankle. However, this long pencil skirt detracted
from the appearance of the boots so Maria adjusted it to the mini length
so that it felt as if only her thighs were hobbled.

Slipping a broad patent leather belt about her waist, she tightened
the silver buckle, notching another inch or so off her already slender
waist. She looked at herself in the mirror for a final appraisal of herself.
She liked what she saw. The hood, tight as it was, made her anonymous,
the rubber clung to her like a second skin. Her shape was woman at the
most sensuous. The silver zip and buckle created a mystical divide down
the centre of her body and the taut, tight mini skirt gave her the initial
feeling of indulging in her favourite hobby of being in bondage.

**The Party!**

Stepping down the stairs against the tilt of her heels and the restriction
of the mini skirt, Maria felt her body moving within the confines of her
costume. With each step she felt the latex becoming more intimate and as
one with her own skin. For warmth on the short journey to Fetter Manor,
Maria slipped on her shiny black pvc mackintosh. This only accentuated
the brilliance of scarlet rubber.

Sliding down into her Lotus Esprit, she closed the door, started the
engine, paused for a moment to indulge herself in the excitement of knowing
that she was going into the unknown. The thrill coursed through her veins
and it was with some effort, yet desire, that she set the car in motion
and drove to her rendezvous. Parking her car on the terrace, Maria slid
out of the low slung car and felt the cold night air penetrate the unusual
cladding to her legs. She turned and faced the steps to the front door, feeling conscious
of herself and that she was being watched. As she climbed the steps, she
un-buttoned her coat and looked down at herself as her thighs pressed against
the elasticity of her skirt. "Am I too extreme or am I too moderate," were
the thoughts that ran through her head, but it was now too late, the huge
oaken doors swung open and she was ushered into the vast gallery hall.

At first she was too overcome by the opulence of the room to take in
all that was going on about her, than she noticed the people, their dress
was so varied as to be, for the moment, indescribable. There was a buzz
of conversation, music was playing, and there was the clink of glasses
as the guests took a pre-dinner drink. Bewildered by what was before her
eyes, Maria responded to the hand that grasped her arm. Turning she saw
she was being touched by a maid. She was in the traditional white blouse,
black mini skirt and suspendered stockings with three inch high heeled
black patent leather shoes. This was what Maria expected to see as a maid's
uniform. What surprised her were the additional item that was wearing.

Maria now took stock of the maid. She was gagged with a black ball gag
that filled her mouth. A collar round her neck carried chains that were
connected to a bar that held the shackles on her wrist, yet held them apart.
Another chain went from her wrists to the shackles that prevented her from
taking more than a small pace at a time. The maid, although so restrained,
made it quite clear to Maria that she was to go with her, so she followed
the gentle, yet firm propelling hand into an ante room. The door shut and
the maid took her coat. Her next action was to buckle a collar round Maria's
neck. As with the maid, the collar had chains on it. The maid deftly clamped
handcuffs around Maria's wrists and connected the chains to the chain linking
the cuffs with neat little padlocks. The chain was short enough to prevent
Maria from dropping her hands below waist level. The maid could not converse,
but in spite of her gag, she smiled and indicated that Maria should return
to the main hall.

For a moment, Maria felt overwhelmingly conspicuous in her second skin
latex outfit and now chained, but as she walked out, mildly restrained,
she saw that all the other guests were similarly restrained. Another gagged
and restrained maid offered Maria a drink, which she took and stood, gazing
unbelievingly at this throng of bondage guests. The chains on her collar
and wrist were short enough to remind her that she could not move as freely
as she had on her arrival. Maria walked slowly into the room,
marvelling at the sight before her. There were not many people but they
were all dressed in some unusual garb. It was difficult to determine the
sex of some of them, but they all appeared to know each other and were
very much in pairs. Their clothes were made from all manner of materials,
leather, latex, PVC, silk and cire. Some were all enveloping, others were
all revealing. The sight before her caused that strange sensation of entering
the unknown.

As she stood, lightly restrained, sipping her drink, a tall blonde woman
approached her. She was dressed in a pale blue leather dress that clung
to her body as well as Maria's latex dress. She was slim and elegant. Her
high heels clipped across the wooden floor, yet as she moved, she appeared
to glide rather than walk. This lady approached Maria, extending her arms
and placing a light kiss on Maria's cheek. The hands ran lightly down her
back as the blonde lady examined Maria's outfit, with eyes that approved.
"My Darling, how good of you to come and you look so divine. You obviously
took the invitation instruction seriously. I am Ruth. It is too late to
introduce you to my other guests as we are all going in to dinner now.
The girl who looked after you when you arrived will take care of you and
tell you when to come in to the dining room. You see, I always invite someone
outside our group to join us at these little soirees, and you will be introduced
to everyone at once, as our guest of honour. Just follow her instructions
and you will be alright," said Ruth. With that Ruth slid away and followed
the other guests through a door into another room. Maria felt a hand grasp
her arm, it was the maid once again, who being restrained and gagged, had
to make Maria understand by pushing her in the direction they had to go.

The maid was smiling around the ball gag in her mouth and nodding affirmation
as Maria moved, not toward the door all the other guests had gone through,
but to another door on the same wall. In this room, the guiding hand stopped
her. Signs told Maria to take off the tight mini skirt. Maria was about
to argue, but the maid deftly slid her hands into the waist band and slipped
the skirt to the floor. Opening the door, the maid pushed Maria forward
into the softly lit room. It was totally silent. She could feel all the
eyes looking at her and in her skin tight latex suit. Without the skirt,
she felt naked, yet she knew she was completely covered by the bright red
second skin. She felt herself become excited. Her breasts and crotch tingled
ecstatically.

The maid turned her to the head of the table where Ruth sat with one
empty chair beside her. The tables set in a hollow square. The maid walked
her towards this one empty place. Maria felt all the eyes following her.
Watching her body move within the tight stretched rubber suit. She felt
strangely good at being the centre of attention. Yet apprehensive at not
knowing what was going to happen to her. The maid's grasp on her tightened
as they approached the chair and Maria saw why. The chair was no ordinary
dining room chair. It was high backed and looked more like an electric
chair from the executioner's chamber. It was laden with fitted straps and
buckles. Was this to be Maria's place for dinner? The maid stopped her
by Ruth. Ruth stood and spoke to the guests.

"This is Maria, an attractive young lady I am sure you will all agree."
A murmur of approval rolled round the room. "She has been checked out by
my colleagues and she comes with good credentials as our bound guest of
honour tonight." Turning to Maria, she continued, "I am informed that you
have friends with whom you indulge in bondage games and that you practice
on yourself when you are not able to be with others. Is this so?"

Maria
nodded, but Ruth's voice changed. "You will say, Yes, Madam, No, Madam,
as the case may be. You will address my other guest as Sir or Madam. You
will not speak to your personal maid who I have made available to you tonight.
Is that understood?"

"Yes, Madam," uttered Maria.

"Very well. You see the chair by my side. You see that it is well equipped
with means of securing a body in its confines. This is where you will start
tonight and progress to more exotic positions as time goes by. You may
now decline the invitation you were sent, but I warn you, you will never
receive another. What is more, your maid will be your substitute. As she
is more experienced, she will have to enjoy far more exotic and erotic
situations than you. She may not thank you if you now fail me," said Ruth.

Maria felt the maid's grip tighten on her arm and start pushing her
towards the chair. The situation was too good to miss, so without more
ado, she followed the maid's lead and moved towards the chair. Again, a
ripple of approval ran round the room. Momentarily, the maid released her
hold on Maria to re-arrange the straps, then Maria sat down as instructed.
First, her wrists were secured by thick straps to the arms of the chair,
followed by another pair of straps that clamped her forearms onto the chair
arms just below her elbows. Another pair of straps, like the others, soft
leather, encircled her arms again, just above the elbows. Maria realised
that in a very short time, her freedom had gone. The maid was most adept
at fixing the straps. Next, a broad strap that was fixed to the chair back,
tightened round her waist. In quick succession, her ankles were spread
to the chair legs and strapped tight. More straps spread her legs apart,
to secure her knees to the out spreading chair legs. The excitement of
the unknown still coursed through Maria's body. Her willingness to submit
to the bondage was only slightly denied by her attempts to test the restraint.
As her excitement built so she struggled. Involuntarily, she protested.
Why?

She had no reason. Her arms, legs, hips and waist were pinioned to the
stout arms and legs of the chair. The waist strap held her body and all
she could do was to wriggle her hips, shoulders and head. At the sound
of the protest, Madame Ruth made a short sign to the maid. From behind
the high chair back, the maid produced a broad leather strip. In the centre
of the strip, was a flaccid rubber extension. The maid pushed the extension
into Maria's mouth. The straps from the broad strip were then passed behind
the chair back by the maid. Maria heard the ominous tinkle of metal, and
she knew. The gag had been completed. It had been buckled behind the chair
back, around her mouth. What is more, it secured her head to the back of
the chair. Maria struggled, but her delicate neck muscles were no match
for the strength of the leather. Her head was pinioned to the back of the
chair. Now she could only move her shoulders and her hips.

The desire to be free, yet the need to be restrained, conflicted in
Maria's mind. Her instinct was to struggle and cry out, but her inner self
told her to submit. Relax, settle into the state of helplessness that she
had no option now than to accept. Indulge her inner emotions to the pleasures
she found so difficult to get in the solitude of her normal life. She knew
many people who professed to be experts in bondage, but they really were
pathetic. A few moments concentration and the feeble restraints were merely
a pile of loose ropes on the floor. The situation was not thus now. Continuously
Maria tested the strapping. Not a single buckle was within the limited
reach of her fingers. Twist and squirm as she would, there was no way that
she could possibly free herself. With this acceptance, her body relaxed
onto the bonds. Legs, whilst they could not move more than a twitch, were
comfortable. Arms likewise. Her head firmly strapped to the chairback,
partially stifled any sound. That was not good enough for Madame Ruth.

In her testing, Maria had been able to make some noises. They were all
totally incoherent to the audience, but they were noises. A crack on the
table of Madame Ruth's crop galvanised the gagged maid into action. Stooping
down and showing a sweet display of frilly knickers, suspenders and stocking
tops to all and sundry. This titillated the bound Maria also. She took
a rubber pump, the same as the doctor uses to pump up the band on the blood
pressure machine. The shiny, knurled ring at the end of the tube from the
bulb was screwed, unseen to Maria, thread on the outside of the gagging
strap. Maria felt the threads engage, the twists given by the maid, then
the sound and sensation of pumping air. The limp rubber within Maria's
mouth immediately started to swell. Fascinated, Maria, caressed the growing
piece within her mouth and sampled with her tongue, the shape. It was familiar.
Initially, the pumps had not had much effect, merely a slight movement
of the insert, but as the pumping continued and the inner mouthpiece grew,
so Maria pulled her tongue back so it was not trapped by the ever growing,
inflatable gag. It did not take many pumping thrusts for the gag to fill
her mouth, holding her jaw open and stifling any sounds. Maria tried to
cry out, but the gag was complete. The sound that crept out was a mere
gurgle, not a cry.

Maria tried to look about her, but other than the amount she could swivel
her eyes she had a very restricted field of vision. Even so, the other
guest were watching, intently. Waiting, perhaps for Maria to enter a frenzy
of desire for release, but no, that was not Maria's way. The maid, still
in her own restraints, busied herself about her slave, sometimes Maria
could see her, then she couldn't. It was these moments that sent Maria's
thought racing. Out of sight, what was being prepared? Would it be more
bonds? The answer for Maria was rhetorical. She realised from her own experience
that she would not be left with the small amounts of movement she now had.
She knew that she would be rendered totally helpless and immobile before
much longer and so she struggled all the more. It was a fantastic sensation,
arms, legs, waist and head held tight. No knowing of what was to happen
and the bond maid was still moving about her. The sheer sensuality of the
circumstance made Maria squirm even more and she could feel the sweetness
of sex tingling between her legs. The use of straps changed. Maria felt
the soft heat of cords being drawn over her skin. The cords went over her
shoulders then under her armpits and with a jerk, her shoulders were pinioned
to the back of the chair. Now her struggles were even more confined, here
only movements were in her feet and hands, and her pelvis. Moving her pelvis
in this restrained position only excited her.

She wanted to cry out for satisfaction, but the muffled sound only caused
her personal maid to put another pump on the rubber bulb. The inflatable
gag swelled more, forcing her lower jaw down and filling the enlarged space
making it even more impossible to articulate. The thrill within Maria was
now almost beyond endurance. Her struggles got more intense, but only her
hips could wriggle in the restrictive chair. The more she wriggled, the
more excited Maria became. It was an intolerable vicious circle. Madame
Ruth watched Maria's minimal gyrations in the chair, then she signalled
to the maid. The maid delved her hand between Maria's thighs. Maria naturally
thought that this hand was going to stroke her into a satisfying climax.
Pushing as hard as her bonds would allow, Maria tried to gain sexual relief,
but the maid was unco-operative. Her hand pushed hard between Maria's thighs,
fingers sought for something and then withdrew. Maria felt the hand draw
more leather between her thighs. The gag prevented her from looking down,
but she felt every movement. A thong pulled tight into the divide of her
buttocks. She felt the maid manipulating straps and buckles. The thong
pressed deeper into her and pressed onto her already aching, ardent sex.
The buckles and straps tightened, pressing Maria's hips back to the chair
back.

The broad front of the leather piece that had been drawn between her
thighs, spread over her lower belly, pressing like a corset. Pinning her
to the chair. Her last bodily movement was strangled. She tried to move,
using the thong to further titillate her sex, but it was so tight it was
impossible. For a moment, Maria bucked and fought the urges that streamed
through her body. Never had she felt so sexually stimulated. Never had
she been so helpless and unable to appease her own driving forces. Her
muscles positively prickled and strove to move her limbs toward satisfaction,
but the bonds held her, immobile. Within her rubber cocoon, Maria felt
the perspiration run, like warm and cold fingers down her bound body. Without
help, she did not climax, and so she slowly came down to earth from the
tremendous sexual high she had just encountered so helplessly. She noticed
her surroundings and saw the faces of the other guests, smiling, hands
applauding. She had been so engrossed with her own circumstances, she had
become unaware of her surrounding situation. A hand covered in silk fine
latex brushed across her brow. The fingers returned and stroked her face,
so gently, but she could not move her had to see where such tenderness
came from. The caressing continued and Madame Ruth's voice spoke out; softly,
yet strongly enough for all to hear.

"My Darling Maria," she said, "You have gained the approbation of my
guests and me." Her hands continued to caress, but the strayed further
and further from Maria's head. Her neck, shoulders then breasts received
this same gentle caress. As Madame Ruth's fingers stoked over her excited
nipples, so the thrills of sensuality and sex coursed again through her
body. The voice continued, softly, strongly, "I and my guests would wish
to continue with you as our plaything for the evening." A murmur of approval
came from the seated guests. I will ask you now this once. You may accept
or decline. If you decline, you will be freed and escorted to you home
and you will be honour bound to keep the secret of these evenings. If you
accept, then I promise you more adventurous and exciting times in bondage
and restraint. I will tell you how to answer in a moment. You have been
dealt with by my faithful and trusted maid, Jan. She will be with you throughout
the rest of our fun proceedings, but she will not always be in a position
to be of any assistance to you. In fact, she may well be bound so close
as to be part of you." Madame Ruth paused.

" To signify your wish to continue as our plaything tonight, you will
keep your eyes open. If you do not wish to play, then close your eyes and
keep them closed for a count of ten when I give you the word. We have watched
your reactions so far, which we like, but I warn you, the restraint will
be harder as the night progresses. Jan has experienced it all and will
have to take more than you, but she will be with you all the time, or at
least close." Madame Ruth chuckled softly. Maria moved her eyes to see
Jan and as she did so, Madame Ruth moved to remove the gag from Jan's mouth.
Maria's eyes met Jan's, and without hesitation, Maria knew her answer.
Jan's eyes told her that she would have experiences never felt within her
body. Madame Ruth moved in front of Maria, in a strong, yet purring voice
she asked Maria the vital question.

"Maria, do you wish to continue as our plaything for tonight?" How the
thrills moved through Maria's body. Her muscles positively bucked and fought
at the thought of being a bound toy, a plaything for the guests. What were
their predilections? Through her bound reverie, she heard Madame Ruth asking her what she
wanted to do. Did she want to stay? The thoughts, the fantasies swept through
Maria's mind. Her body still pressed against the straps. She pushed her
hips forward to bring more pressure to bear on her sex to say that the
answer was yes. The disembodied voice told her her options, keep her eyes
open or close them. With a monumental effort, inspite of the thrills coursing
through her body and mind, Maria forced her eyes to stay open for the required
time, without a single blink. The effort, the straining against the effective
straps and cords left her feeling exhausted. For a moment she slumped back
from the unyielding straps and relaxed, and as she did so she heard the
burst of cheers and applause from the other guests.

Madame Ruth's hands continued to caress, even more intimately now, Her
head bent low by Maria's ear and she whispered, " My Darling, you are now
one of us. You have passed your initiation. You are a playing piece within
our game of chess. Remember, it is a game, but games need practice. Tonight
you will be in checkmate position all the time, but your maid Jan will
teach and train your moves until you are the opposing champion. Your behaviour
so far has given me great confidence that we can share a long and adventurous
path into high degree bondage. Watch, my Dear, and you will see the makings
of your first ordeal."

With that, the room lapsed into total silence. Sitting,
bound and helpless, this hush was uncanny. Through the silent air came
a faint hum from above. A section of the high ceiling opened and slowly,
so slowly, a single wooden crucifix started towards the floor. As it dropped
out of the dimness of the high ceiling, Maria's up-raised eyes saw the
array of harness and the metal hook and ring accoutrements attached to
it. Maria's body stiffened against her already perfect bonds. This would
indeed be an unusual ending to the year, but what a superb start to the
new!!

Gentle hands clasped her body, her maid Jan whispered to her and told
her that that was the last time, for a long time that Madame Ruth would
treat her so compassionately. Jan's hands then started to release the restraining
straps.

**Part 2. The Cross**

Maria watched the cross and harnesses descend to the floor. Her maid,
Jan, deftly undid the her restraint, but within herself, Maria felt that
she did not want to be freed, but she had no control over these matters.
As soon as Maria was free, Madame Ruth called Jan over to her and released
her chains and gag. "Jan, you know what to do. Take Maria to the ante-room, prepare her
for her and our further entertainment. My guests appear pleased with her
performance so far. We will see how she behaves as the bonds get more intense."
Announced Madame Ruth.

With that, Jan took Maria's hand, eased her up from her previously restrained
position and massaged her limbs into motion. Jan lead Maria to a double
door at the side of the dining room, into a smaller, warm, softly lit room.
As the double doors closed behind them, Maria heard the excited buzz of
conversation from the guests. The doors closed, the room was warm and comfortable,
the air was delicately perfumed with an attractive, sensuous fragrance.
Jan moved quickly and quietly about the room, opening other doors and cupboards.
As Maria looked about her and into the rooms and cupboards, she realised
that this was a self-contained flatlet. One room was a small dining room
and on the table was set a light meal. The two girls sat down and ate.
Curiosity overwhelmed Maria, but Jan would not be drawn into conversation.
They ate and drank in total silence. The food was superb and the wines
very pleasing to her palate. The alcohol went quickly to her head making
her whole body shiver with expectancy of what was to happen. Maria was
still in her skin-tight latex suit.

As soon as they had finished their meal, Jan told Maria to take the
suit off, have a bath and return to this room as quickly as possible. Jan
helped Maria peel off the clinging latex and admired Maria's slender, shapely
body as she walked to the bathroom. The bath was all ready for Maria to
step into. The temperature was perfect and the oils mixed with it were
redolent and balmy to her senses. Maria lingered in the bath, soaking up
the mellowness it generated in her mind and body. Slowly the water cooled
and it was time to get out. Large, soft towels rested on the warm towel
rail. The feel of them as Maria drew them about her body was velvety. This
was sheer luxury. Maria walked out into the main room where Jan was waiting
for her.

Draped across the sofa was another shiny black rubber cat suit. Jan
picked it up and handed it to Maria telling her to put it on. It was much
heavier than the scarlet suit she had taken off. The inside of the suit
had already been heavily powdered with perfumed talc and as Maria examined
the suit so she realised that it was not a single covering of rubber, but
two. A lightweight latex on the inside, and a very much heavier, SBR on
the outside. This intrigued Maria, why two layers she mused? With Jan's
help. Maria started to slip into the rubber suit. As she slipped on the
leggings, more detail of the suit became apparent. The outer garment was
very heavy SBR, much heavier than anything she had already experienced.
There were also small appendages set into the inner lining in the shaped
crotch. The suit was well powdered, and, although very tight fitting, slipped
on relatively easily with Jan's help. Maria felt the rubber press onto
her legs, then Jan started to pull the heavy duty zip up her back from
her bottom. Easing the zip up until it drew the round collar tight about
Maria's neck, Maria felt the rubber caress her whole body. The legs had
feet in them, the sleeves had glove coverings for her hands.

She was clad from neck to toe and finger tip in rubber again, her favourite
material of all. In a mirror across the room, Maria saw herself. The suit
fitted her well, as if it had been made for her. She shone in the outer
shining black rubber covering and as she moved to see herself better, the
two layers of the suit slipped over each other and adjusted themselves
to her body shape. The feeling was superb and exciting. Whilst Maria was
engrossed in admiring herself in the mirror, Jan had picked up a rubber
helmet made in the same way as the suit. Moving behind Maria, Jan slipped
the
helmet over her face and adjusted it so Maria could see through the small
eye holes. The shaped nose slipped over Maria's nose and she could feel
the air moving through the holes that coincided with her nostrils, but
there was no mouth opening. Instead there was small ball that slipped into
her mouth as a mild gag. The helmet clamped round Maria's head as Jan pulled
the zip down from the crown of her head to the broad, heavy collar band.
Now Maria was again, totally enclosed in rubber. Jan took a pair of black
patent leather shoes with five inch heels on them and slipped them onto
Maria's rubber clad feet. The high heels made her tense her leg and buttock
muscles.

As they tensed, so the rubber moulded them, intensifying her delectable
shape. Next, Jan buckled a broad leather collar around her neck that forced
her to keep her head held high and stopped her moving her head around.
The restraint was starting. Taking the lead that was attached to the collar,
Jan started to lead Maria back to the door to the main dining room. Walking
in the high heels was difficult, it made Maria take small mincing steps
that accentuated her legs and body movements in the all over suit. The
door swung open, the hum of conversation died abruptly. Through the small
eye holes Maria could see that the tables had been re-arranged and there
was a clear path for her to walk to the cross she had seen lowering from
the ceiling.

Now it stood there as if a permanent piece of furniture in the centre
of the room. It stood in a plinth with steps up to it. The straps and ropes
hung limply from the vertical post and horizontal cross. 'Soon', thought
Maria, 'they will be binding me tight to the post.' A thrill coursed through
her body again as Jan urged her up the steps to the post of the cross.
As Maria walked with quick short steps across the intervening space, her
anticipatory excitement was overcome and added to, by her realisation of
how well the rubber, double skinned suit fitted her. It must have been
made to measure as there was not a single wrinkle in the rubber and she
could feel the inner suit holding her body while the outer, stronger layer
pressed and slipped against the inner. The suit positively caressed her body exhibiting her very feminine
shape for all to see. The helmet and the leather collar restricted Maria's
vision. Her head was held so she could only look directly ahead. The eye
holes were just large enough for her to see clearly ahead, any eye movement
resulted in her seeing only the inside of the eye holes.

Jan continued to make Maria walk and then climb the steps of the plinth
until they were both on the top level facing the cross. Even with her restricted
sight, Maria looked at the array of straps and buckles. It all looked very
complex, then using the harnesses was not going to be her problem. Maria
just had to do as she was told, then, when her degree of helplessness was
achieved all she had to do was let the expert hands take total charge.
Already Jan was taking control. Turning Maria, back to the upright post,
Jan paused. The faint buzz of conversation that Maria could hear within
her helmet died away. In front of Maria sat Madame Ruth, sitting in a huge
throne-like chair, looking as svelte as ever in her close fitting leather
ensemble. Madam Ruth rose easily out of her chair. The silence in the room
was electrifying.

She spoke. "Maria, you have passed your initiation. You
are about to enter our special world of total captivity and submission.
Once I give your maid the signal to start you will have little opportunity
to reverse or stop the proceedings that are about to happen to you. You
may now decline this invitation to continue your training to become as
competent as we all are in this room. It will not be an easy course, but
you will be trained step by step, rope by rope, strap by strap, until you
lovely body can accept constraint that you have never thought of as possible.
If you wish to continue in training, raise one hand. If you do not wish
to experience new and exciting bondage, raise both hands. You have ten
seconds to consider your future!"

Inspite of the double layer of the helmet, the words, although muffled
were clear in her mind, Maria did not take ten seconds to consider. She
was so excited and involved that her response was immediate. She raised
but one hand. With that signal, Madame Ruth nodded to Jan telling her to
commence the bondage. Jan moved into Maria's limited line of vision. Pushing
Maria back against the vertical of the cross, Jan moved behind her. Maria's
hands were drawn back behind the post and a strap looped round them. In
a trice, the buckle was threaded, the tension applied, the tang of the
buckle passed through an eyelet, the end of the strap was threaded through
the other side of the buckle and Maria knew she entered the first stage
of helplessness. As deftly as with her wrists, Maria felt another strap
thread round her arms, high above her elbows, she awaited the tension that
she knew would be applied, pushing herself back against the post and pressing
her shoulders back.

The tension came pulling her arms together, pulling her shoulders back
even more than she could have on her own volition. It made her breast thrust
forward within the taut latex confines, pressing on her nipples that sent
messages to her body that conveyed deep inner sexual desires, improved
by her knowledge of her now helplessness. Arms pinioned behind the post,
wriggle and strive to be free were of no avail, Maria knew this, but she
tried. Moving her head so she could see more of her companions, she perceived
faces of pleasure as she squirmed against the post. Looking directly ahead
of her she could see Madame Ruth, smiling approvingly at the efforts of
the captive and the captor. What really exhilarated Maria was the change
in the walls behind Madame Ruth. The luxurious flock wallpaper had changed,
Maria saw herself in great high mirrors and she like what she saw. The
moving, writhing figure encased in rubber, now almost helpless, unidentifiable
in the helmet, sent more titillation through Maria's body, for the sight
before her was disembodied from her real self. She wanted more to happen
to the prisoner as though it was not her. These strange perceptions were
soon answered.

Maria could see Jan moving about her, freeing and adjusting the strange
array of harness and straps. Jan brought a wide leather belt that had been
hanging lifeless from the post about Maria's waist. Adjusting it slightly,
Maria felt it nestle into the smallness of her waist, press on her flat
tummy, then feel it being drawn tight, like an old fashioned Victorian
corset. It pressed Maria's back to the post. The round of the pillar pressed
into the divide of her buttocks and divided them. Now she could not move
the lower part of her body. No sooner was her waist secured than Jan fastened
buckles around her ankles. As the straps tightened Maria felt her ankles
drawn back to the column.

Jan was stooped down so the mirrors revealed
a truly sensational view of the maid working on the bondage. Next, straps
were buckled below and above Maria's knees, pinning her legs to the upright.
Now she could only work her shoulders in mock protest at her confinement.
The small gag in her mouth did not effectively reduce her vocal ability
and, knowing that the voyeurs preferred an active victim to a passive sacrifice,
she worked her shoulders and made to cry out against the gag. Her efforts
were rewarded by approbation from the audience and more restriction by
Jan.

Too much to contain. Maria felt the shudders of sexuality ranging through
her body, yet the ropes and straps prevented her from making a positive
reaction. It was so incredibly exciting. Taking some ropes hanging from
rings on the cross beam, Jan worked them under Maria's armpits from the
front, then took them behind her, though more rings on the cross beam on
opposite sides, then almost hanging, full weight on them, she knotted them
behind
the post. Again Maria tested her position and found that her freedom had
been reduced to merely her head. Throwing herself about against the bondage
gave Maria no movement more than twitching muscles. Ankles, knees, waist,
shoulders were all firmly held against the cross.

Mind you, she found that
she could gyrate her hips slightly which excited her even more. Jan was
aware that the body bondage was not complete. Those broad hips must be
tied down like the slim waist. Pushing her hand between Maria's thighs,
she drew two straps from the upright. Pulling them completely through,
Jan then moved behind Maria. Reaching round she took the two straps, brought
them up the line of Maria's groins, pulled them behind and buckled the strap
as tightly as any other strap that had been applied. Maria's immediate
reaction was to test the new restriction, to no avail, but her efforts
made her waggle her head and grunt indiscernible sound from behind the
gag, within the helmet.

The efforts of testing the bonds in the warm atmosphere of the dining
room made Maria perspire within her rubber covering. She felt the sweat
run down her body, between her breast, spreading over her abdomen, and
ultimately down her encased legs. It was all part of the exciting sensation.
Moving her head to look about her, Maria saw the other party goers watching
her intently. It was strange to be the focus of attention, yet helpless.
Maria fought against the bonds, but it was still to no avail. The more
she struggled the more she realised that she could only move her head.
Her body was completely immobilised.

The freedom to move her head was relief
even if she was gagged and had only limited vision through the helmet.
Her very thoughts must have been conveyed to Jan, who taking a specially
shaped strap, buckled it under her chin to hold her head and mouth still.
To ensure the restriction was complete, another strap was put around her
forehead. Now Maria felt the exhilaration of total bondage. Her movement
was confined to her toes and fingers, eyes and tongue. No matter how she
struggled, not a limb could move. Maria felt the excitement of this unusual
situation, her body bucked against the ropes and straps in an orgasm of
pleasure. Seeing her body racked by the orgasm, the watchers gave a polite
murmur of approval.

Opening her eyes again, all Maria could see was Madame Ruth and her
own image in the mirrors. Taking a cat of nine tails made of rubber strips,
Madame Ruth raised it to Jan. What could possibly happen now, thought Maria.
"I am enclosed in rubber, bound in such a way as to be completely unable
to move, what can happen now?" From beyond her vision, Jan took a small
rubber hand pump.

Unnoticed to Maria was a small valve on her helmet. Jan
screwed the tube of the ball to the valve and squeezed the ball. Air forced
its way into the helmet, between the two layers of rubber. Jan pumped again,
the ball in Maria's mouth started to swell. Quickly Maria pulled her tongue
back so it was not trapped by the inflating ball. As the ball expanded,
Maria's mouth was forced open, but the restraint under her chin stopped
her jaw from moving. The ball filled her mouth and her attempt to protest
was stifled. She did not know whether the sound even reached outside her
helmet. Jan continued to pump, the swelling within her mouth stopped, by
the sheer pressure of her palates, but the helmet did not stop reacting.

Maria felt the pressure within the helmet building up all around her
head and as it built, so the small eye holes gradually closed. Each pump
was discernible to Maria. Each increase in pressure, shut down the area
of vision until blackness overtook Maria's eyes. The pumping continued
and the helmet clamped around her head, clamping her eyelids in a soft
yet resolute vice. Small plugs entered her ears and shut out any sounds
that penetrated the helmet. The bondage was going beyond anything Maria
had experienced before. Maria relaxed against her restraints. They were
so complete, she felt no movement of her body as her muscles relaxed. Unseeing,
unspeaking, unable to move, the straps held her as Madame Ruth had intended.
Jan had done her job, so Maria thought. She felt the pump being unscrewed
from her now, all enveloping helmet.

A pause. A hand delved between her tightly held together thighs. The
sensation Maria had experienced as Jan screwed the pump onto her helmet
were repeated between her legs. The mild vibrations were exaggerated within
her sex. A shuddering orgasm racked her body, her stimulation was on a
knife edge. Jan squeezed the ball of the pump again, and again, pushing
air between the two layers of rubber enclosing her body. The fit of the
suit was so exact that very little air was required to create the sensual
pressure all over Maria's body. Previously, Maria's breast had thrust out
against the latex, now with the air inflating the suit, her thrusting pressure
from the severe bondage of her arms, was counter-acted by the coercion
of the air. But this also served to excite Maria within her confines. The
pumping continued, Jan's hand working to keep a steady flow of increasing
pressure. The press of the rubber grew all over Maria's body.

Increasing volumes of air reminded Maria that there had been limp inserts
in the crotch of the suit, now she realised what they were for. The heavy
outer rubber directed the pressure to points of least pressure within the
suit and so these inserts started to swell. Their position was strategic.
Being previously stimulated, Maria was wet within and as Jan continued
to pump, the internal appendages distended and forced their way on lines
of least resistance. And so, while totally enclosed and bound, Maria felt
her sex being penetrated by this inanimate object. The delight of the slow,
inexorable thrust of the inflated, ever swelling tube sent even more thrilling
struggles overcame her body.

Maria tried to ride on the pleasure, but her
bonds held her rigidly tight. The pleasure was exquisite, nothing could
be better! Maria felt Jan remove the tube of the pump from between her
thighs. As she relaxed and tensed on her bonds, the pleasure of this bondage
was a new high for her. What could be more exciting. Maria set about enjoying
her new extreme bondage, nothing more could be done to her while she was
in this position, but she was wrong. Without warning, the ground beneath
her high heel shoes dropped away. Her body dropped fractionally into her
bonds.

The sensations was incredible. As she dropped, Maria expected the straps
and ropes to cut into her, but they didn't. In fact, she realised that
because of the air layer within the suit, she was hanging within the inner
skin, with the outer layer supporting the bonds. The minute drop added
stimulus to her sexuality as her breasts pressed into the pressurised suit
and the inserts pushed deeper within her. While she was held in suspension,
she found that within the thin layer of air between the layers, she had
a trifle of movement that she exploited to her own thrilling excitement.
With her eyes sealed from the world, Maria was unaware of what was happening
in the outer world, but she was soon to learn.

Madame Ruth had risen from
her throne-like chair and climbed onto the plinth by the suspended Maria.
She carried the cat of nine tails that she had used to signal Jan to carry
on. Raising her arm, she swung the lash at Maria's helpless body. The rubber
thongs cracked on rubber. Maria heard the crack of the whip but she felt
no sting of a lash. Instead, the force of the lashing was transferred into
a change of pressure within her enveloping cover. The heavy outer rubber
again forced any reaction into the low pressure points of the thin inner
suit.

The effect was unworldly to Maria. Every insert into her body reacted.
The pressure quivered over her breasts, thrilling her body yet again. The
intruding inserts quivered within her sensual sex and her body, involuntarily
went into sexual stimulation. The lashed repeated, again and again, the
vibrations delved deep into her and her body was racked with a new pain
never before experienced. The pain was that she could not move herself
to create the stimulation she needed and she was in an enclosed, immobile,
enjoying partial stimulation. Maria fought and struggled against her restraints,
furiously, vigorously, but without the ability to achieve the ultimate
she desired.

It seemed an age that this treatment went on. How long it was she could
not tell, but gradually the strength of the lashings reduced to a mere
tickle, then stopped. Slowly, a step or so behind the intensity of the
lash, Maria's excitement reduced until she was able to realise and rest
within her bonds. How long she languished in this pneumatic suspension,
she could not tell, but it was all an exquisite experience.

**3. Release & Rest**

Hanging in this air wrapped suit, Maria experienced a new feeling. She
had struggled against her bondage, testing the effectiveness of the wide
and strong straps. She had felt the invasive thrust of the air-filled gag
and dildoes that entered her inner body without her permission. She had
enjoyed the sensations of their entry and the stimulation of their vibrations
as she hung from the cross being flogged by Madam Ruth. Maria had no concept
of time. In her strict bondage, she had entered a state of total submission.
There was only one thing she did not want to happen - release.

Her body
was warm within the insulated, inflated rubber suit. She felt her own moistures.
The sweat within the helmet slid passed the gag, giving her the salty taste
of her body. The light inner suit was lubricated with not only her sweat,
but her sex juices that had flowed so freely from her as she orgasmed again
and again, stimulated by her thoughts, her bondage and helplessness. Her
eyes had seen the slender, attractive mistress to whom she had entrusted
herself. In her bound blindness, she had visualise being Madam Ruth's assistant,
slave and lover.

These thoughts were her only incentive to the eventual release she would
receive. In her mind's eye she saw the two of them moving round the bedroom,
watching each other clad only in sheer pantyhose and heels that made her
feel so tall. Watching her mistress slip the tight fitting PVC leotard
from her body to reveal her breasts, firm and pert. Maria's mind moved
to the bed with the two of them lying close, caressing and kissing. The
thoughts made her tingle in yet another orgasm as her muscles gripped the
air-filled insertions in her body.

Her dream was broken by a vibration
in the cross to which she was secured so closely. The floor returned under
her feet and pushed her up, taking her weight off the bindings. She felt
the straps loosen so she could stand freely. The straps holding her arms
behind the post slipped away and she was free. She stood, keeping her precarious
balance, waiting for her instructions. A hand grasped her arm and pushed
her forward. The change in Maria's balance made her stagger on her high
heels. What made it worse was that she still could not see nor speak. The
double inflated suit held her body so that she had to make an effort to
force her legs to move.

The suit tried to keep her total body in one position. Any movement
from the body contours put tension in the suit that snapped any limb back
to the suit's requirement. Maria walked in the direction she was being
led. The rigidity of the suit making her movement like a robot. The effort
of walking so confined, made it difficult to breathe through the limiters
of the still inflated helmet. The gag seemed to fill her mouth even more
as Maria forced air into her lungs against the restriction and the pressure
of the suit. It was a new discipline. Breathing was no longer automatic.
it was now a controlled exercise.

As they moved, Maria noticed the change
in the air she drew in its controlled ration. It had turned sweet and scented.
It was the same smell she had met in the bathroom previously. Fingers moved
to the valve on the helmet, a twist, a hiss and the gag flopped in her
mouth. The eyeholes opened. Maria could see Jan again as she moved about
her to release the valve on the bodysuit.

The twist of the valve, a long hiss and the suit settled onto the inner
lining freeing Maria's limbs. This was a pleasing relaxation after the
difficult walk but with that pleasure Maria felt the inflated inserts collapse
within her. The rapid collapse of the inflated dildoes made her shudder
with a mix of pleasure and regret. Maria's body trembled and a moan of
delight escaped from within the helmet. Jan set to work quickly undoing
the helmet and suit. She helped Maria peel the helmet and bodysuit from
her body. Maria was surprised at the amount of her fluid trapped within
the suit. Her sweat and juices had not had anywhere to go and were spread
over her body like a layer of oil.

The scent of her own trapped juices
was strong and pungent against the perfume of the oils and soaps in the
bath. Jan told Maria to get into the bath, relax, clean herself and prepare
for a light meal then to bed to rest for the next day. Maria slipped down
into the huge bath. The water was at just the right temperature, not too
hot and not too cool. The haze of steam and fragrances made Maria relax
and sink into the water. In her mind she could still feel the compression
of the inflated suit, but whilst in the showroom, she had not been able
to feel her body beneath the rubber.

As she lay in the bath, she caressed herself, felt the soft firmness
of her breasts. The firm flat muscle of her belly, the curve of her hips
and bum. Without a thought her hands wandered between her legs where the
inflating dildoes had forced their way into her without her permission
or resistance. Her fingers slipped into her sex. Fingers pressing outside
her labia whilst other fingers slipped between them. Slowly, gently, then
pressing and delving deeper, Maria's fingers explored herself, her mind
fantasising on the source of the stimulation. The overwhelming feelings
of sexual pleasure trembled through her body in the deep warm water. Her
eyes closed tight, her mouth opening and the soft groans of delight slipped
from her lips as she worked on herself, harder and deeper. She felt the
orgasm of self-indulgence tense her body and the cries of pleasure grew
louder until the body racking pleasure died away.

The pleasure and the fantasy within her mind had been so intense, that
Maria had not noticed that Jan and Madame Ruth had come into the bathroom
and were watching her pleasure herself. Madame Ruth smiled down on the
immersed body. "So you enjoy your pleasures. That is good. In the next few days you
will learn more. You will enjoy pleasures you had not thought of. Now get
dried, have your supper and go to bed. Jan will look after you."

Climbing out of the bath, Jan threw a vast, soft bath towel around Maria
and started to pat and rub her dry. Maria felt the other girls gentle hands
rub the towel all over her. She closed her eyes and let her mind wander
away in thoughts she had never had before. They sat a the table in the
dining area, ate a light but luxurious meal, talked a little until Maria
felt her eyelids getting heavy. Walking to the bed, Maria could hardly
put one foot in front of the other. She slipped between the silk sheets,
resting her head on the down filled pillow. She was just aware that Jan
climbed into bed beside her. Jan's soft warm body next to her was a pleasure
she found more pleasing than a strong muscular male, but she was too tired
to have any further interest at that time. She slipped into deep sleep.
