---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiessz/takenatsea.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Taken at Sea
authors:
- Max Roper
tags:
- M+/m
- MF/m
- capture
- bond
- pirates
- hogtie
- hum
- island
- natives
- drug
- prepare
- ironpot
- boiled
- eaten
- absorbed
- soft
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2014-08-18 00:00:00
---

I had been taken at sea. Our ship was rammed at night and the pirates swarmed aboard. There was no
time to reach for weapons or resist in any way. I know not what happened to my shipmates for I was
quickly bound and hustled aboard the attackers' ship where I was stowed in a damp and dark hold. I was
untied but attached to the wall with a shackle round my ankle. I had some movement but could not reach
the hatch. I stayed there for an unknown amount of time. It was not pleasant, however they supplied me
with plenty of food and water.

At length I heard the anchor drop. Before long two large pirates appeared. The grabbed me by the arms
and hustled me up on deck. My clothing had been damaged when I was captured and had become
soiled while I was in the hold. As the two large men held me still, the captain approached with cutlass in
hand. He pointed it at my heart and I expected to die right there and then. Instead he made a few
sudden moves with the weapon and the remaining shreds of my clothing fell away, leaving me naked.

The crew gathered round and made lewd comments about me, suggesting what they'd like to do to me.
Several of them fell upon me and rolled me over so that I was face down on the wooden deck. They
bound my arms and legs tightly with hemp rope. My legs were doubled up and tied with my heels digging
into my ass, and my wrists were tied to my ankles. They rolled me onto my back. A most demeaning and
demanding position.

In spite of my best efforts to stifle it, my cock betrayed my excitement at my submissive position. My
arousal and subsequent mortification were not lost on the crew who continued their verbal assault. The
captain stood by grinning, then, at a nod from him, a large sailor hoisted me up and slung me over his
shoulder. I stand over six feet tall and am well muscled, weighing around thirteen stone. I may as well
have been a small sack of potatoes to this beast of a man. He carried me to the rail and tossed me into
the sea.

Other men were in a dinghy and they fished me out and placed me in the front of the little boat,
whereupon they commenced rowing to an island. We landed on the beach and I was again lifted and
carried ashore and inland through thick jungle a short distance to a clearing. In the center of the clearing
was a wooden chest. I was dropped unceremoniously on the ground as the men gathered round the
chest and opened it.

"Okay! We're good for another six months at least," cried one.

"Wow, just smell that smell. Ain't it just about the sweetest thing ever?" said another.

"You got that right! These guys sure know what a lonely buccaneer needs to get through the long days at
sea!"

"Lemme see, lemme see! Whoa, that's a lot of hashish!"

They lifted the chest and started off, leaving me trussed up helplessly on the ground.
"Hey," I called after them, "What about me?"

One of the pirates turned back with a smile. "Thanks man," he said. "If it makes you feel any better,
we're all grateful for your sacrifice."

They all laughed as they disappeared into the jungle. Their sounds diminished slowly until I was unable to
discern them. I lay in my bonds, trying to avoid the obvious facts, listening to the birds in the trees.
Occasionally I struggled a bit but there was no give in the ropes and no knots accessible to my fingers. I
was well and truly stuck.

After an indeterminate amount of time I sensed a presence in the jungle. Several people appeared. They
walked around me slowly, conversing quietly in a language I didn't understand. One squatted down
beside me. He looked deeply into my eyes, then began a thorough examination of my body. He stroked
and pinched me, paying close attention to my ass and my thighs.

A woman joined him. She gently
fondled my rigid cock, smiling and muttering to the man. They conversed for some time, ignoring my
attempts to communicate using various languages. Eventually the woman reached into a pouch and
produced a pinch of brown powder which she flung into my face.

I sneezed and passed out.

When I awoke, it was no longer possible to ignore what was happening. I was now tied up in a ball with
my knees against my chest. Something filled my mouth, apparently held in place with a rope behind my
neck. I was propped up in a large iron pot. There was water up to my chest. Hot water, getting hotter. I
smelled smoke and heard the crackle of flames.

A woman approached carrying a basket which she
upturned, dumping what looked like potatoes and carrots into the pot with me.

The water became hotter.
I felt myself slipping into unconsciousness.

Much to my surprise, I awoke again. I was sitting with my mates around a table.

In the center of the table
were the bones of the man we had just eaten.

He was delicious.
