---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/summer_project4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Summer Project 4
authors:
- T S Fesslen
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- kidnap
- toys
- nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Summer Project 2**](summer_project2.html))_

_**Part 4**_

_Jeff looked at his bound stepstepsister as she lay in
bed. Stephanie's arms were encased in a white leather armbinder. A
pair of white ankle cuffs and a chrome spreader bar was holding her legs open. A
white collar graced her neck. Save for the red ball gag and the black
leather blindfold, she was picture perfect. However, Jeff needed to move
her to the bathroom._

_He looked once again in his parent's armoire for
inspiration. Hung inside one of the doors was a variety of whips and
crops. All of them looked vicious and he was reluctant to use them on her.
He really didn't want to hurt her, only use her._

_Then he saw it._

_Set in the back corner of the armoire was an item sort of shaped like a
spear gun. The grip and body of the gun was made of black plastic and had
a red numbered knob as well as a trigger. The long 'barrel' was made of a
polished blue metal with a pair of chrome 'fangs' spread about two inches and
pointed slightly toward each other. When Jeff pulled the trigger, there
was a crackling electric noise and a sharp snap._

_Jeff realized it was a kind of a cattle prod._

_He turned the knob down to the lowest number and approached his blonde stepsister, still laying there on her front; bound and not moving much at all save
for a little movement here and there. Jeff didn't know how much the prod
would sting but he figured on the lowest setting, it probably wouldn't hurt much
but would get his point across._

_He pressed the cold tips to her side and pressed the trigger._

_To Stephanie, it felt as if she were stung by a huge wasp. She screamed
into her gag and jolted in her bonds. The pain was as hot as a branding
iron and continued to ebb slowly as she curled herself the best she could into a
ball; tears streaming across her face._

_Stephanie then felt something being attached to her collar; a chain.
She felt a slight tug. Then she felt the cold tip of the prod against the
side. The stranger's message was clear. The blonde girl struggled
the best she could to sit up on the edge of the bed. The bar holding her
legs open made it hard for her to stand and balance, but at the insistence of
the chain fastened to her collar, Stephanie stood up._

_The bound girl had to take small steps as she was pulled along and she
was afraid that she would fall flat on her face at any time. She pleaded
into her gag, but the stranger ignored her, pressing the cold steel tip of the
prod against her breast or thigh and giving her collar another tug._

_It seemed like an eternity, but finally Jeff's slave stepsister was in his
parents' bathroom. God, she looked beautiful. Her long, blonde hair,
still wet from her shower and struggles, hung limply over her gagged and
blindfolded face. The white collar contrasted so well with her tanned
skin. Stephanie's breasts seemed to beg for Jeff to touch them and lick
them and pinch them. Her California slender form was so delicious that
Jeff found his cock getting hard again._

_Stephanie felt the stranger gently push her down and she found that she
was sitting on her parent's toilet. Obviously the stranger wanted her to
relieve herself, but she wasn't sure if she could in front of him. She
felt as she needed to pee, but his stares kept her need bottled up inside._

_She felt the cold tip of the prod caress her left nipple, flicking at
its erect tip._

_It was one of the hardest things that Stephanie had ever been forced to
do and finally, she let her bladder go and as the stream sprayed into the
toilet, she felt some measure of relief despite her embarrassment at the
situation._

_Jeff went over to the sink and ran warm water over a washcloth.
As she sat on the toilet, he first brushed the hair out of her face and wiped
the tears from her cheeks. He then tugged a bit on her collar. With
a little help from Jeff, Stephanie stood up._

_Stephanie could hear the water running in the sink and could smell the
fresh smell of soap. She felt the warm cloth run over her shoulders and
then her upper chest. He took his time, making sure she was well scrubbed.
The stranger paid particular attention to her breasts, roughly scrubbing them
and playing with her erect nipples. Despite everything, Stephanie could
feel herself getting turned on by his attentions._

_The captive felt the cloth scour over the flat of her stomach and down
closer between her legs. He ran the warm cloth up and down her inner
thighs slowly. Stephanie found herself wanting him to touch her sex; to
take her away from the horrors of the past couple hours. However, he
continued to tease her with the cloth, cleaning all around her pussy but not
ever touching it._

_Jeff smiled up at his stepsister as her bathed her. The lingering
smell of sex was still strong and her whimpers from behind her ball gag were not
of protest. They were whimpers of need and the rocking of her hips as she
stood there told Jeff all he needed to know. But first, he had to do a few
things._

_Stephanie heard the intruder leave for a bit, only to return a few
moments later. With his return, she could hear him fiddle around with
something but she wasn't sure what. However, a few moments later the warm
washcloth returned and she didn't care._

_Jeff scrubbed over her breasts again, this time before the cold eye of
the video camera. He wanted this to be on tape and wished he had more than
a single camera to catch everything._

_The stranger stepped around in back her and reached around the massage
her breasts with the wash clothes. The rough cloth teased at her nipples.
The stranger would lightly pinch at Stephanie's erect nips through the cloth,
causing her to shiver with pleasure. She felt her need growing inside of
her again like a slowly simmering pot wanting to boil over._

_His captive stepsister whimpered when he stopped. Her mewls through
her gag and her rocking movements had hardened Jeff again to the point of
aching. He needed to take her but she wasn't quite in the position he
wanted her in. Grabbing her leash, he pulled downward on her collar,
making her bend over until he could tie the leash off to her spreader bar.
Jeff could hear her protesting noises as she tried to balance herself in her new
position, but Jeff ignored her._

_The young blonde teetered in her new position, trying to keep focused
on not falling over. Bound as she was, she wouldn't be able to catch
herself. She could hear the intruder walking around her and she almost
feel his eyes drink in her bound form. A warm wave of pleasure coursed
through her just at the thought._

_Stephanie heard the stranger leave for a bit again. She wondered
what he was going to do with her next. She struggled a bit, but being
balanced the way she was, she couldn't do much more than twist around a little
bit. She stopped as soon as she heard the man return and turn on the sink
faucet._

_Jeff almost started to whistle as he dangled the nipple clamps in the
cold running water. Fortunately, he stopped himself. It was a habit
of his stepsister would surely pick up on. Right now, he wanted to be an
anonymous prowler._

_He removed the clamps when he thought that they were cold enough.
They were not ice cold, but cool enough to be uncomfortable._

_Jeff's stepsister was still moaning behind her ball gag and he noticed she
had also began to drool. In a way, he found it sexy. His captive
couldn't even control even THAT basic function._

_He knelt to the side of her and began to slowly message one of her
nipples, causing her to moan a bit more loudly. Jeff could be imagining
it, but he actually thought that she might be enjoying his treatment of her.
Once her nipple was fully erect, he clipped on the first clamp._

_It felt as someone had bit down hard on her nipple and Stephanie
screamed into her gag and began to squirm a bit, though her position made that
impossible. The blonde felt the intruder pull at what was clamped onto her
breast. The initial pain stopped to a dull ache._

_The intruder then began to play with her other nipple._

_"Nnnuuuughhh!" she screamed into her gag, shaking her head._

_Jeff, however, ignored her pleas and placed the other clamp on her
nipple. His blonde stepsister moaned in pain but he knew it was from the
shock rather than any real pain._

_Each of the clamps had a long chain dangling from them and they gave
him a wicked idea. He pulled down on her leash a bit so that Stephanie had
to bend over a bit more, putting a bit of slack in the leash lashed onto the
spreader bar. Jeff then attached one of her nipple clamp chains to the bar
so that it was taut. He did the same to the other chain. She would
have to keep this position or it would pull painfully on her nipples. She
was now ready for what he had in mind._

_Stephanie's brother stepped around in back of her and drank in the
beauty of her nicely rounded ass and the pussy looking so ripe and juicy for
fucking. His dick had been aching for another go at her and there was
nothing his stepsister could do about it. He gripped her hips firmly and lined
himself up with her slit. Gently, he eased himself into her without much
difficulty, finding she was already ready for him._

_The bound girl let out an animalistic moan as the man filled her.
Stephanie leaned back into, matching his thrust, enjoying each movement he made
within her. As she moved, the clamps on her nipples tugged at them
painfully, send an erotic mix of pain and pleasure roiling through her in a
churning wave._

_It was a fire within her that needed to consume everything that she
was. Stephanie did not understand it and was almost terrified by the way
the need engulfed her despite the fact she was being raped and abused. But
now, right now, the pure feeling of bliss filled every nook of her being as she
churned back upon his cock._

_The man's thrusts into her were now almost violent and the hands
clutched her hips were almost vise-like. The pleasure within her whirled
dervish-like, mixing with the sharp pain tugging at her nipples._

_The she heard the man groan and felt his cum shoot up inside her,
filling her._

_Stephanie continued to thrust herself maniacally onto the stranger's
shaft, but he did not return the favor. Instead, he removed himself from
her._

_"Nuuuuuggghhh!" she begged through her gag._

_The captive blonde was so close to letting an orgasm engulf her, yet,
without the stranger, she could not bring herself off._

_She heard the man pissing into the toilet and she whimpered again
through her gag, begging for him to bring her off. But he ignored her
mewls. She wriggled and squirmed to try to entice the intruder back; to
make her cum. But, he just patted her butt and left her to stew in her own
juices._

_**Part 5**_

_After relieving himself, Jeff threw on his shorts and went downstairs
to grab himself a Coke. He left his stepsister bent over and bound nude in his
parent's bathroom, moaning in frustration through her red ball gag. Her
arms were still encased in a white leather armbinder and her legs were held
apart by a spreader bar. The leash to Stephanie's white collar was lashed
tightly to her spreader bar as were the light chains to Stephanie's nipple
clamps, forcing her to bend forward precariously. Jeff didn't mind that
his stepsister teetered there in the bathroom like that, just like he didn't
mind that she didn't cum this time round. A little discomfort never hurt a
future slave._

_He went back into the bedroom and sat down on his parent's bed and
watched his stepsister balance and whimper through her gag. This was all
he had ever hoped it would be - and more. The only thing that Jeff needed
was to order her around, but he didn't think he could disguise his voice well
enough to fool Stephanie._

_Jeff took another sip of Coke and enjoyed the view of his blonde
captive, contemplating this problem. Though he was tired, he could feel
the urge to use her again stirring in his crotch._

_Then it came to him. It was perfect. He just hoped that
Toys-R-Us still had them in stock._

_Stephanie quietly moaned yet again, drool
running down her rubber gag and onto the floor below her. Jeff needed to
keep her occupied while he went shopping so she wouldn't get into any mischief.
It was time to go through his parent's armoire again._

_Jeff's parents had an amazing collection of sex toys
and bondage equipment. There were at least two-dozen different vibrators
in one of the drawers. There were also gel butt plugs and dildos.
Another drawer had enough potions, lotions and oils to last a lifetime. It
was in a large drawer that he found something that fired his already overloaded
imagination; a slender vibrator on an adjustable metal floor stand._

_Grinning, Jeff brought the stand over to his bound blonde and set it
down between her spread legs. Stephanie could feel the stranger behind her
doing something, but she couldn't figure out what. She felt something
nudge at her sex and she tried to thrust down upon it; trying to relieve the
pent-up passions that were tormenting her._

_The stranger pulled the toy away, denying her any slake for her libido.
Stephanie could almost hear the man chuckle._

_Again, she felt something press at her sex and again she tried in vain
to impale herself onto it. The stranger just teased her with it; mocking
her needs to relieve herself of this whirlpool of pleasure that was churning
within her. This time, however, she did not try to thrust back hoping that
he would do something more._

_Stephanie felt the very tip of the tool brush lightly against her
desire-swollen lips. Then she felt the tool buzz alive, sending a shocks
of pure bliss coursing through her. She tried to thrust herself down upon
the vibrator, but her bondage would not allow her to move much without danger of
falling over. The electric buzz was sending waves of pleasure through her,
but not nearly fast enough._

_There was nothing Stephanie could do about it._

_She wriggled a bit and tried to impale herself a bit more upon the
vibrator, but she found that she would just push the thing away and bound as she
was, she dare not move much at all for fear of falling._

_The blonde moaned her displeasure, hoping the stranger would somehow
take pity on her and let an orgasm engulf her._

_There was no reply. Not even a cruel laugh; and Stephanie began
to weep silently from her frustration._

_Jeff was not there to enjoy that, however, though he would enjoy
watching the video of it later. He was on his way to the toy store to find
one of those toy microphones that would distort his voice. He had seen
them there a few weeks before when he had gone shopping for a squirt gun. . .one
of his 'childish' games he liked to play at college. Jeff hadn't thought
much of it at the time save for trying it out for a laugh. He liked the
metallic robot sounding distortion the best and he thought that one would be the
best for training of his stepsister. Cold. Heartless. Perfect._

_Stephanie's brother took his time at the store,
looking at the toys from a kinky perspective. In the end, he picked up
several other items that he was sure the manufacturers never intended them to be
used the way Jeff was about to use them. A bored looking clerk rang them
up Jeff's purchases and soon he was on his way back to his future slave._

_Stephanie ached. Her calves were beginning to
really hurt as well as her shoulders. There was also a dull, almost erotic
throb in her nipples from the young blonde's struggles. However, the thing
that ached the most was Stephanie's pussy. It was not a painful ache like
the one in her jaw caused by the ball gag, but one of pleasure denied.
With the vibrator positioned the way it was, it tickled and teased at her sex
mercilessly without giving her the ultimate pleasure. She almost came
several times, but the motion was not quite enough to send her over the edge._

_It was hard to think of anything else other than cumming.
Stephanie wondered a bit about where her captor was and if he was laughing
silently at her predicament. She wondered about her stepbrother and if he
was okay. But mainly just thought about the bliss of just cumming and
ending her torment._

_"Do you want to cum?" a deep metallic voice startled
Stephanie, almost causing her to over-balance and fall over._

_Stephanie nodded her head and moaned loudly into her gag._

_"No harm will come to your brother if you do exactly as I
say," Jeff said, speaking into his toy voice distorter, "Do you
understand?"_

_Again, Stephanie nodded her head._

_"Good," Jeff smiled, walking around his captive,
enjoying the view, "First of all, your name is slave. You will answer
only to that name and no other. Do you understand, slave?"_

_The bound blonde nodded slowly. She had no choice. Her
fate, at least now, was sealed with leather and chain._

_"Do you want to cum?"_

_Stephanie moaned and nodded her head. The man's words were like
throwing kerosene on a fire, igniting a deep, forbidden desire within her. . ._

_'Whack!'_

_The pain of his hand spanking Stephanie hard on her ass almost sent her
sprawling. She screamed into her gag._

_"I TOLD YOU ONLY TO ANSWER WHEN YOU, SLAVE, ARE ADDRESSED."
The metallic voice yelled._

_The bound captive sobbed into her gag. Stephanie felt the
stranger's hand slowly rubbing where he had swatted her._

_"Now, do you want to cum?"_

_Stephanie only quietly sobbed as she stood, bent over and bound.
The stranger had not called her 'slave' and she did not want to be spanked that
hard again. She just bit into her gag and waited patiently._

_The girl felt a gently pat on her butt._

_"Good girl," the metallic voice said, "You are learning
quickly. Now, slave, do you want to cum?"_

_In tears, Stephanie nodded and whimpered._

_Jeff knelt down and adjusted the vibrator's stand so that it started to
penetrate his blonde slave and turned it on high. A fiery explosion of
pleasure ripped through Stephanie and it was the hardest orgasm she had ever
experienced. Her whole body quaked, as it became a whirlpool of white-hot
ecstasy. She wasn't even aware the stranger was holding her up and her
body became limp from the joy. When she finally regained some sense of
what had happened, she found that her nipple clamps were gone and she was
sitting on the cool bathroom floor._

_The stranger brushed his fingers through Stephanie's long hair._

_"That is a good slave," the cold voice said, "from now
on you may only cum when I command you to. Do you understand, slave?"_

_Stephanie nodded her head. Her whole body was still in a euphoric
twilight zone caused by her orgasm. She had never came that strongly
before. It was if her whole being was one white-hot orgasm._

_The blonde felt herself being picked-up and carried over to the bed.
Her leash to the spreader bars had also been loosened so that she was relatively
comfortable in her bindings. Her calves no longer ached, but her jaw and
shoulders did a bit._

_"Are you thirsty, slave?" the stranger asked._

_Stephanie was thirsty and nodded._

_"I am going to take your gag out, slave. However, if I hear
a single word out of you, I will punish both you and your brother. Do you
understand this, my slave?"_

_Again, Stephanie nodded._

_The stranger left her on the bed for a bit and Stephanie was too tired
and worn to try to struggle. She was grateful just to be out of a few of
her bindings. A glow of her orgasm still flowed through her and she just
bathed in it as if she would soaking up the sun outside._

_"Okay, slave, you remember the rules?" the metal voice asked._

_Stephanie did and nodded that she did._

_She felt the stranger undo the strap behind her head and ease the ball
gag out. Her jaw was stiff and she moved it around, glad that the
rubber-tasting thing was out of her mouth. The young blonde then felt the
tip of a straw and she took a sip._

_The Coke tasted like heaven as it filled her mouth. She didn't
realize how thirsty she really was and she eagerly sipped at the straw, drinking
all she could. God knew when this stranger might let her drink again.
It didn't take long for her slurp the last of the drink up through her straw._

_"I have a different gag for you slave," Jeff said through his
toy voice distorter, "This will be more comfortable."_

_Stephanie shook her head no; she did not want to be gagged again._

_"Slave, do you want me to punish you?"_

_Timidly, the blonde shook her head no._

_"Then you must obey me. Open your mouth."_

_The bound girl did. Jeff pushed into her mouth a foam ball he had
found at the toy store. It was big enough to fill her mouth but not enough
to be uncomfortable._

_"Close your mouth, slave."_

_Jeff then took some medical tape and placed it over his stepsister's lips.
He did this several times; smoothing the tape out and making sure her lips were
sealed together. To Stephanie, the foam ball tasted awful but in was more
comfortable than her previous gag._

_"There, my pretty slave," the stranger patted her on her
head, "much better."_

_Stephanie then felt the stranger fingertips trace down her neck and to
her breasts, gently caressing circles around her nipples._

_"Now that you have relaxed some, slave, I think we should enjoy
another game or two. . ."_

_[The
Summer Project - Part 6](summer_project6.html)

26.05.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Summer Project 6**](summer_project6.html)

o0o
