---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/matteroftrust2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Matter of Trust 2
authors:
- Lobo De La Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- captive
- naked
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- bfold
- car trunk
- reluct
- X
date: 2012-08-11 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**A Matter of Trust**](matteroftrust.html))

**Part Two**

Lying naked and helpless in the trunk of her own car, Maria struggled fitfully against her bonds, all the while knowing her struggles were useless.  The leather cuffs encircling her wrists and ankles were securely connected, allowing her very limited movement.  The gag filling her mouth limited her to unintelligible grunts.  The blindfold covering her eyes blocked all sight, which didn’t really matter at the moment, considering she wouldn’t have been able to see in this dark place anyway.

Slumping to the floor of the trunk, Maria cursed herself silently.  It was all her own fault, she told herself.  Jake had tried to warn her about the dangers of trusting someone she had only just met, but she’d brushed those warnings aside.  So enamored of his stories, she had created an image of him in her mind that his warnings couldn’t change.  It was the image that, to her, made him the perfect person to turn her bondage fantasies into reality.  It was that image, as well, that had led her to offer herself to him to be bound, leading her to where she now lay.

It was strange, she thought, how he’d tried to warn her away from her desires.  Why?  If he was going to use those desires against her, in order to abduct her for whatever reason, why try to talk her out of it?  Had he just been making sure she was really naïve enough to place herself so completely in his power?

Amid her whirling thoughts, she could feel the movement of the car she lay trapped in.  From the sensation of motion, as well as the occasional sound of other vehicles, she could tell they were on a major road, maybe even a highway.  This realization only added to her terror, since it meant they’d left town.  Where was he taking her, and why?

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, the car slowed and turned.  Several more turns followed, after which the car evidently turned onto another highway, as the speed increased once more.  There followed another unbearably long interval before the car slowed once more.  Maria felt the car turn off the highway, making several turns on what she could only assume were secondary roads.  She heard rock beneath the tires, tell her that they now traversed a driveway somewhere.  Finally, the car came to a halt and the engine died.

In the silence, she heard the driver’s door open, then close.  Her body jumped at a loud sound close to her, the feel of hands on her body telling her the trunk had been opened.  She struggled briefly, but was unable to resist as she was lifted from the trunk and draped over a shoulder she could only hope belonged to Jake.  If it were someone else, she was truly in trouble.

Bobbing helplessly, she felt herself carried up a short set of stairs and into a building of some kind.  After several more bobbing steps, she felt herself being slipped from the unknown shoulder and to the floor.  She felt carpet beneath her bare feet, assuming she now stood in someone’s house.  Was it his?

“Do you have any idea where you are right now?”

Maria could only shake her head helplessly, muffled grunts leaking from the panel covering her mouth as she frantically begged to be released.  He wouldn’t understand any of it, she knew, but she couldn’t help herself.

“Do you have any idea what can happen to you now?”

Maria began sobbing openly, her terror grown to the point where, even without the gag, she doubted she would have been able to make herself understood.  Again, she tugged desperately at the cuffs holding her hands behind her, freezing as she felt something cold and metallic begin to trace across her stomach.

“You have a very nice body,” she heard.  “It would be a shame if someone were to damage it in any way, wouldn’t you agree?”

A knife, she thought suddenly, feeling the metallic something trace its way up her body to lightly stroke her throat.  He’s going to cut me.  Only the fear of accidentally cutting herself held her body still as she felt a point lightly caress the soft skin of her throat.

“You did ask me to bind you,” she heard dimly through the clouds of terror now filling her mind.  “What was it you said?  ‘Anything you want to do is fine with me,’ or something like that.  Which means I already have your permission to do whatever I please.

“Oh, and don’t bother thinking about help coming, or anyone connecting me to this.  From all appearances, you came here in your own car, of your own volition.  I was very careful not to leave any fingerprints on your car, so there’s nothing linking me to what happens next.”

Standing rigid, waiting for the first cut, Maria was almost surprised that her heart didn’t stop from the sheer terror.  Suddenly, she felt the blindfold whipped from over her eyes.  For a moment, the light blinded her, then her eyes adjusted….only to see her own living room.  Stunned, she glance around to see Jake watching her.

“Fortunately for you,” he said softly, “I don’t believe in harming women.”  As he spoke, she saw the metallic object that had so recently terrorized her.  It was, she realized, a relatively harmless letter opener.

“Do you begin to understand?”  At these words, Maria’s eyes widened, realization beginning to replace the fear within her.  “I could have done anything I wanted to you, and there would have been nothing at all you could have done about it.  You could be dead right now, or on your way to some underground market to be sold into slavery.  All because you trusted someone you didn’t know to take total control of you.”

Maria could feel the first surges of anger enter her mind.  The car, the long ride locked helpless in her own trunk, all the fear and uncertainty, it had all been deliberate.

“I’m sorry I frightened you,” Jake said softly, “but you needed the lesson.  There’s absolutely nothing wrong with wanting to be bound by someone.”  He smiled slightly.  “With the right partner, it can lead to some of the most incredible experiences of your life.  With the wrong partner, though, it can be the most dangerous, foolish thing you’ll ever do.  I only hope you understand that now, and you’ll be more careful in the future.”

Maria stared at him, her mind whirling.  Everything he’d just said was true, she knew that, and her thoughts went beyond his words, seeking meaning in his actions.  Slowly, she pieced her thoughts together, startled by the picture that emerged.  Nodding slowly, she relaxed in her bonds.

“I see you do understand,” Jake said.  “I would also imagine you’re pretty mad at me right now.  I’m not going to apologize for what I did.  I scared you pretty bad, I know, but I also know that scare could actually save your life, if it teaches you to be more careful in the future.  For now, I’ll let you go, and then I’ll be leaving.”

Jake reached to unlock the cuffs at her wrists.  Moving suddenly, Maria twisted her body, drawing her hands away from him.  Startled, Jake stared at her.

“You don’t want me to release you?”  Maria emphatically shook her head, causing Jake’s eyes to widen slightly.

“Now,” he murmured, “this is a puzzle.”  Raising his hands, he reached for the buckle of her gag, only to see her twist her head away.

“Hold still,” he commanded, reaching again.  Again, Maria twisted her head away, only to jump with a muffled shriek as one of his hands dropped to land a stinging swat on her bare ass.

“You are still in my bonds,” he told her sternly, “which means you are still under my control.  I will do as I please, and you will not resist.”

Again, he reached for the buckle to her gag.  Fearing another swat, Maria held herself still as the gag was gently pulled from her mouth.

“Now,” he said, stepping back, “tell me why you don’t want to be released.”

For a moment, Maria’s mouth moved soundlessly, as she worked up enough moisture to speak.  When the words started, they were surprisingly calm.

“You’re right,” she said, “I am very angry with you.  You scared the hell out of me.  Lying in that trunk, I didn’t know if you were going to rape me, sell me, maybe even kill me.  I asked you to bind me, and you abused that request.  I’ve never felt so terrified in my life.  I could easily ask you what right you had to treat me that way.”

For a moment, she locked eyes with him, then her own eyes fell.  “I could,” she repeated, “but at the same time, I can’t.  You had every right, didn’t you?  I gave you permission to do all of that, even though I didn’t realize it at the time.  You could have done anything with that permission, but you used it to teach me an important lesson.  I may never forgive you for your methods, but I needed that lesson if I’m going to keep myself safe doing this.”

Slowly, her eyes rose to lock with his once more.  “You also taught me something else,” she said slowly.  “You proved to me that I can trust you.  You knew what my reaction might be when you decided what to do, but you did it anyway.  For me.  You took the chance I would hate you because you wanted to protect me from my own foolishness.”

Maria tugged gently at her bonds.  “There’s obviously more to this than I imagined,” she said softly.  “There’s a lot more than kinky sex involved.  I want to learn what more there is.”  Her eyes softened slightly.  “And there’s nobody I would trust more to teach me.”

Moving slowly, Jake reached for her hands.  This time, Maria offered no resistance as the cuffs were removed, followed by the ones encircling her ankles.  Freed, she grasped his hands gently.

“Please,” she said softly, “teach me.”

“Do you have any idea,” Jake said in reply, “exactly what it is you’re asking for?”

Maria shook her head.  “No,” she said, “I don’t.  I do know that, once I realized why you did what you did, I found myself feeling safer in your bonds than I’ve felt on most of my dates lately.  You may do things to me I don’t want, or don’t know I want, but I know you would never allow me to come to harm.”

Jake gazed at her silently.  “If I do teach you,” he finally said, “there will be a lot more involved than just binding you.  There’ll also be a lot of talking.  Trust is the most important aspect, but the second most important one is communication.  You can’t learn, and I can’t keep you safe, unless I know your thoughts, your desires, your fears and doubts.  I need to know it all.”

“Right now,” Maria said slowly, “I’m nervous, afraid of what I might experience, what I might learn about myself.”  Smiling wryly, she guided his hand between her thighs.  “I am also,” she continued, knowing he could easily feel the dampness there, “more than a little excited by the prospects.  Just don’t lock me in the trunk again, please.”

“No promises,” Jake replied.  “But I will promise not to do anything to harm you or allow you to come to harm.”

“I guess I’ll have to settle for that.”  Maria eyed him.  “I would like to know how you managed it, though.”

Jake smiled.  “Your keys were on the table by the door,” he said.

“I suppose,” Maria said thoughtfully, “that I could have you charged with stealing my car.  After all, you did take it without my permission.”

Jake nodded.  “You could.”

“If you teach me,” Maria whispered, her voice shaking just a bit, “that means I’m giving you control, doesn’t’ it?”  Jake nodded again.  “So, basically, I’m yours to do with as you please.  Which means anything I have is yours to use as you see fit in teaching me.”  Seeing his eyes widen slightly, she grinned.  “If I’m going to do this,’ she said, “I’m going to do it all the way.  Now, teacher, please use me, and let the lessons begin.”

Smiling, Jake wrapped his arms around her, lifting her from the floor.  Maria wrapped her own arms around him, resting her head on his shoulder as he carried her from the room.

He was right, she realized.  It was all a matter of trust.  And sometimes, you have to break a trust to earn a more important one.  Smiling, she closed her eyes and let herself be carried into the future.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=120.0)
