---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/i_will_control_you.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: I Will control you
authors:
- Spike Jones
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- reluct/cons
- X
---

I Will Control You by Spike Jones

I had just started my greatest dream. I won the lottery and was set
for life. I could travel to all the places in the world I wanted to see.
I could buy anything on impulse. I could look any way I wanted. I had my
passport and my Concord flight to London England.

I had a couple of days free in New York city. I asked the limo driver
if he knew any wild places.

He asked how wild?

I said I was ready for anything. He drove me to a night club. I told him
he was to wait for me. He said he would be at my beckoning.

I spent most of the night dancing and drinking. When I walked out he was
waiting and helped me into the limo. He asked if that was wild enough.
I said if it was possible to get any wilder. Sam said he had another place
in mind if I was game.

I said I was ready.

Sam said it was special and he would pick me up at 6:00 p.m. I would need a new outfit.

I protested.

He said to dress casual and I would understand when I got there.

I was out the door at exactly at six. He was already there.

Sam drove me to this fashion store. All the mannequins had on a shiny or polished
look. I jumped out my shoes as one of the mannequins motioned for me to
enter the store. They were all live mannequins. The salesman greeted me
as I entered. He was a good looking in shape gent. He had on the same polished
clothes.

He had on a white long sleeve close fit shirt, nice cuffed black pants. He
wore a black vest over the shirt. His shoes were highly polished. Strange
as this may sound his head was totally enclosed in the same shiny material.
He had a slit opening for his mouth, small holes for his nose and larger
cut out for his eyes.

He sensed my surprise. He told me he was dressed in rubber as were the mannequins.
He noticed my hand rise and was trembling. He said I could touch it or
him.

I slowly and softly ran my fingers on his chest. I actually felt faint. He
reached out and took hold of me and lifted me up.

I wet my panties as he carried me to a chair. Even his hands had black rubber
gloves on. Gently he lowered me into the over plush rubber upholstered
chair. It felt cold at first then it warmed up to my touch. I let my hands
run down from his shoulder to his chest. When my fingers hit his belt,
I jumped like electricity was going through me. I could see him smile through
his mask.

He pulled me up to him and asked if I would like to try on some rubber.

I could not answer him. I knew I was smiling from ear to ear.

He whispered in my ear he would have some models display some of the styles.
What was I interested in?

I still could not talk. I just nodded and sat back down.

He walked out and returned with another man in a dark blue rubber dress suit.
He introduced himself as the owner Vincent.

All of a sudden his eyes got stern and he snapped, "Where is her wine".

At that the salesman dropped to his knees. He begged forgiveness.

Vincent said that was one demerit. He turned around and apologized to me. He said
his servant was still in training. The salesman returned got on his knees
and lowered his head. Slowly he raised the glass of wine and offered it
to me. I was told as punishment he would be my table for the rest of my
visit.

Vincent turned and motioned to a salesgirl to come over. She rushed over and fell
to her knees and lowered her head to the floor, and spread her arms out.

YES Sire Vincent.

What would I be interested in seeing.

I was still a little over whelmed. I told her I would like to see dresses
and blouses.

She returned with several models all in rubber. Full dresses and skirts. A
line dresses and skirts. Long and short sleeve blouses. Next was bras,
panties, stocking, gloves. They even had figure enhancing corsets that
was guaranteed to reduce my waist by 6 inches.

All the time my salesman kept me refreshed with wine and hors d’oeuvre. He
never looked at me again. He kept his hands above his head and took the
glass when I was finished drinking. When the salesgirl told him something
was empty. He immediately left and returned with something different.

After the dresses the models had on slacks and jeans. All different style blouses.
A model came in, in a cat suit. She was totally enclosed. Her body was
enclosed in a second skin. Her breasts were not restricted though. They
stood out so nicely.

Impulsively I reached out and touched them. I jumped back when I realized what I did.
The salesgirl told me not to be shy. I could touch anything or place I
wanted to. She then slapped the models tit and cracked her ass. Then she
turned to me and encouraged me to touch the model. I reached up and felt
her breasts. Then I massaged them. I could feel her nipple get very hard.

I asked what keeps them erect.

I was told the cat suit and any thing else I wanted to go braless in was
reinforced to keep them outstanding.

The model had a helmet on, gloves and 5 inch heeled boots that ran up to her
crotch. The crotch had a zipper to let you relieve yourself. She wore shorts
to hide the zipper. The helmet had a long neck which was covered by the
high neck on the cat suit. I was told I could wear a wig over the helmet
or have my hair threaded out.

I wanted it immediately. The salesgirl asked me to strip. Without thinking
I did. As the salesgirl was taking the measurements. I realized I was still
on the sales floor. The model was writing down the measurements.

The salesgirl said that I was very close to what the models were and I had
a choice. I could have custom made or select off the hangers.

I said I wanted something immediately. I wanted to wear the cat suit. I also
wanted to have a skirt and blouse to wear later.

The salesgirl excused herself to get Sire Vincent. At that the model went down
on her knees and lowered her head and spread her hands on the floor.

Sire Vincent entered and said he understood I was interested in immediate sales.
He apologized and said the clothes may not fit as he would like. They would
fit nicely.

I said I understood but I wanted to be in the cat suit immediately. I told
him about my flight on the Concord to London England. I
wanted something to take with me.

He slowly looked down at me. He said I have a beautiful body and he would
do me proud. He reached out and held my breasts. They will look excellent
in a cat suit.

He motioned to the salespeople to go get what I wanted. He then sat me down
on the salesman. He lifted my leg and started to powder it so carefully.
Not one bit of powder hit the floor. He did the other leg. He took my hand
and lifted me up. He powdered my hips then my crotch. He said I was very
wet. He asked me if I wanted something inside me.

I said with a start, "What!"

Sire Vincent said he had all kind of fun things to fill my voids.

I said I never did that and was not ready for it.

Sire Vincent said I soon will.

The salesgirl returned with several rubber male members. The were all sizes
and shapes. Sire Vincent describe them as dildos and butt plugs and gags.
He even had some rubber nipple rings.

I said, "people wear these?" Sire Vincent pointed to a salesgirl and told
her to come over. He instructed her to show me her plugs. She unzipped
her crouch. She took my hand and rubbed her pussy. Inside was something
hard. She told me to push up on it. As I did she groaned. She told me to
push a little harder. When I did it started to buzz. Her eyes closed. Then
she took my hand and rubbed her ass hole. There was something hard in it.
She again told me to push it. It also came alive and buzzed. She when asked
me to zip her up. She then lifted my hand to her breasts. I started to
massaged them. Her head went back. Her long hair flowed back. She asked
if I felt anything.

I felt something hard on each side of her nipples. She said her nipples were
pierced and the post was holding on her slave rings.

I looked at Sire Vincent. He said they all want to be his slaves. I should
address them as slaves from now on.

The slave girl entered with my cat suit. Sire Vincent had my whole body powdered
by now. He sat me back down on the salesman. Sire Vincent lifted my leg
and slid it into the leg of the cat suit. He pointed to the slave girl
to get my foot into the sock. When he got to my knee he lifted my other
leg and slipped it into the other leg and the slave girl guided the other
foot into the sock. Sire Vincent took both of my hands and helped me to
stand.

He looked down and said " You really like the rubber."

I looked down and the slaves back was all wet.

Sire Vincent asked for a towel. He dried my thighs and pussy. He walked around
and dried my ass. He rubbed powder them all over again. He said I was all
wet again. He told the slave girl to get a sanitarily napkin. Sire Vincent
placed it against my wet pussy and pushed it in place. He then slipped
the cat suit up to my crotch. He said he would take it out when I was completely
dressed. He guided my hands in to the arms and told the slave girl to get
my hands into the gloves.

Sire Vincent asked if I wanted a helmet on. I said no. I wanted the high boots
on. The slave girl ran out and came back with a pair. She also had a pair
of nylon stocking. She had me sit down again. Sire Vincent told me it is
very hard to put rubber boots over rubber. The nylons helped a lot. The
slave girl slipped the stocking on then the boots. She rolled the boots
to my pussy.

They then produced some small belts. Sire Vincent explained that they kept my
foot from slipping around in the boot. It was a harness that fit around
the heel and fastener around my ankle and foot.

Sire Vincent asked if I wanted anything else. I told him I wanted the long hobble
skirt, an A line skirt and matching blouses. I picked out a fashion dress
a pair of jeans and shirt.

Sire Vincent said they will get my order ready as he showed me to the mirror.

As I walked with Sire Vincent. Everyone applauded. I did not realize all these
people were watching.

When we reached the mirror. The slave girl slowly opened the curtain. I collapsed
at the sight of me in all tight black rubber. I was beautiful. I was the
most sexy woman on earth. The tight rubber highlighted every curve. I could
even see my bellybutton. The zipper hid my pussy.

Sire Vincent reached down and unzipped my crotch and pulled out the napkin.
When he zipped it up the zipper went in between my wet swollen lips. Now
I could see them in the mirror. I turned around and the zipper was between
my cheeks. They stood out round and firm. The high heel boots shaped my
legs beautifully. The tops of the boots seemed to spread my lips even more.

Sire Vincent asked where I was going to show myself off. I said I just wanted
to have my limo take me back to the hotel. I wanted to look at myself.

Sire Vincent said that would be a shame. He would instruct the driver to take
me to a party dance.

I paid and the salesman carried the packages to the trunk.

When I walked out Sam the limo man, just whistled. He said I looked really beautiful.

He helped me into the back seat. That is when I realized how much wine I drank.
Sam drove off he said that Sire Vincent gave him instructions for a party.

I fell asleep as Sam drove.

When I woke up it was all black and quiet. I got up on my hands and knees. When
I tried to lift my head higher I bumped it against something. I tried to
raise my hand to the sides and they both bumped something. I reached forward
and it was open. I started to crawl forward. I crawled and crawled and
crawled for hours. Could not find the other side. I turned around and crawled
and crawled and crawled again. I could not find where I started. I could
not see a thing. I realized with the heavy rubber cat suit on I could not
feel a thing. I tried yelling but I did not even hear an echo.

When I was
totally exhausted. I laid down that is when a voice boomed, "When Sire
Vincent is happy I am happy." "The happier I make Sire Vincent, the happier
I will be." When ever I stopped crawling and attempted to rest the voice
would repeat one phase or the other. It kept repeating the phrases until
I said it. When the voice said one phase I said the other. Soon I kept
saying both phases as I crawled to no where.

The only change happened when I said I had to relieve myself. I was told to
unzip my crotch and back up. When I did something sucked my pussy and ass
hole until I finished relieving myself. Before I did anything I had to
repeat both phases. When I got hungry. I had to say the phases and was
told to move forward and suck. When I did there was something hard and
rubbery at my mouth. When I sucked hard something came out of the rubber
tube for me to swallow.

After what seemed like forever I saw a light and the voice asked if I was ready to serve.

I said yes I was. The light went out and the voice stated "When Sire Vincent is happy I am happy."
"The happier I make Sire Vincent the happier I will be."

Now when I stop crawling. I would receive a hard slap on my ass. I crawled
and crawled and kept repeating the two phases.

After crawling forever again the voice asked if I am ready to serve. Without
thinking I stated "When Sire Vincent is happy I am happy." “The happier
I make Sire Vincent the happier I will be." With that a I seen the light again in what seemed as ages. My eyes hurt.

When I crawled out I bumped into someone. Their stood Sire Vincent. He said
make him happy. I immediately said, ”When Sire Vincent is happy I was happy."

Sire Vincent said good slave girl. Sire Vincent told me to open his belt and
carefully take his pants down. When I started to open his belt without
stating the phase. He slapped my ass and pushed me back into the door.

He said leave me there until I learned. If I did not learn soon. My trainer
will take lessons again. With that I was in the dark crawling again repeating
both phrases.

I could not figure this out. Why could I not find the end of this corridor.
If I turned and started crawling I never touched another wall. Just the
one by my left hand. When I was hungry, how did the rubber tube know where
my mouth was. When I wanted to relieve myself it was always there to suck
my piss and shit from me.

The voice started giving me instructions as I crawled. She told me I was to
tell Sire Vincent how happy Sire Vincent made me. When
he told me to do something. I would happily do what ever Sire Vincent instructed me to do.
When I did not repeat one of the phases after each instruction. I would receive
a crack on my ass or tits or pussy. I
think they knew how much I liked to be spanked. I did not know that spanking my pussy would make me horny. I wanted one of
those slave men to fill my pussy to the hilt. I wanted a dick to suck and
feel his balls slapping my chin and neck. I wanted some hot cum pumped
into me. Even my ass hole wanted something in it. This rubber cat suit
made me feel like I was cumming every were. I felt like I was a dick in
a condom. I never knew what horny was until I was encased in rubber.

All of a sudden the voice asked if I was ready to be a slave. I repeated with
enthusiasm how happy I wanted to make Sire Vincent.

The light appeared again and the door opened. Outside Sire Vincent stood. I
crawled out and kissed the floor and spread my arms. I lifted my head a
quarter inch and told Sire Vincent how happy he made me. I told Sire Vincent how
happy I wanted to make him.

Sire Vincent instructed me to pull down his pants. I told Sire Vincent that
I would make him happy doing it. I slowly ran my hands up him leg to his
belt. I slowly unbuckled it. Then I started to unzip his pants. Sire Vincent
told my to use my teeth. I trembled with excitement when my lips touch
his pants. My lips could feel his dick push through him pants. I grasped
and took hold of the zipper. I pulled out and down. His dick hit me in
the eye. I kissed it.

Sire Vincent slapped my face very hard. He knocked me to the floor.

“I did not give you permission to kiss my man hood.”

I slipped my nose under his man hood and continued to unzip his pants.
His balls came out and I so much wanted to kiss and suck on them.

When I finished I bowed down and kissed the floor wishing it was his man hood.

Sire Vincent said If I wanted to kiss something. I was to kiss his ass. I told
Sire Vincent how happy I wanted to make him. I crawled around him and tenderly
kissed those firm cheeks. His sweat moisten my face. I licked it off .
Sire Vincent told me to french kiss his ass hole. When he bent down I immediately
kissed his hole. Then I slipped my tongue inside. I slipped my tongue all
around. I was surprised how much I enjoyed doing it. When I pulled my tongue
out it tasted good.
Sire Vincent said I did a good job and to come around in front. I did and as I looked
up at Sire Vincent. He told me to open my mouth. When my jaw dropped. He
started to pee in it. Sire Vincent told me not to miss a drop. It was like
drinking hot coffee very fast. It seemed to burn all the way down.

When he finished he turned around and picked up something and returned to me.
He handed it to me and said stick it into my pussy. Then he picked something
else up and told me to stick it into my ass hole. Then he handed me something and told me to stick it in my mouth. I did each
of these with out hesitation. I felt so proud of myself. I wanted to please
Sire Vincent so much. Sire Vincent then gave me something big. He told
me to stick it over my head.

I opened it and slipped my head into it. It fit so tight. It squeezed my jaw
tightly around the gag. Sire Vincent zipped
it shut. I could not breath. As I tried the gag went deeper into my throat.
When I exhaled and tried to inhale the hood sealed itself even tighter.
I started to panic. I could not inhale. The hood was sealing itself to
my eyes, my nose, my cheeks were squeezing against my teeth. My whole head
was being squeezed. I was gagging
on the gag and growing faint.

Why was Sire Vincent letting me die. Why was he suffocating me. I could not get the hood off of me. All of a sudden
my arms were bound behind my back. I blacked out.

When I awoke I was shaking. I was so scared. How did I displease Sire Vincent.
I felt cold air in my nose. I felt something in each nostril that let me
breath.

I felt something holding my arms together from my finger to my shoulders.
They were held so tightly and completely.

I was turned around and placed on my knees. My head was pushed to the ground
and fastened down.

Sire Vincent voice came to me. You have a new instructor while she is being
retrained. Then a mans voice came to me. He said the next time I move around
Sire Vincent or do anything I will bow and show my pleasure to him. I will
never look up to Sire Vincent until instructed. With that I started to
be beaten. Sometimes they were multi hits. Some were single hits. Other
were hard and flat.

It would please me so much if it were Sire Vincent doing the spanking.

07/12/01
