---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hello Big Boy
authors:
- anonymous
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- packaged
- crate
- delivery
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-01 00:00:00
---

2004 Story Contest Entrant

The box arrived as I had ordered, albeit a touch early. It was a surprisingly
stout wood box with a hinged door held shut with a combination lock. I
had half expected a corrugated cardboard box held together with duct tape.
This operation was a real class act. The delivery men had smiles on their
faces as I signed for it and they wheeled it into my living room. They
knew what I was receiving and my eagerness to sign the bill of lading and
get them on their way amused them. They reminded me they would return the
next morning and left, smiles and all, as I pondered the crate in front
of me.

The sides were plywood framed in lumber. The number of screw heads evidenced
the effort expended making a solid container. The combination was written
on the bill and I hastened to spin the tumbler and reveal prize inside.
A few spins later the door opened and I was staring into the eyes of a
gorgeous brunette.

Yes, they knew what I liked and delivered a perfect example. She uttered
the obligatory mmmphs and moans as would be expected of a call girl as
expensive as she was. Her eyes held a concentrated gaze on me like she
was sizing me up as much as I was her. I couldn't tell if she was smiling
or grimacing as there was an unexpected bit gag in her mouth.  It
was a piece of rubber surrounding a metal rod that looped around the back
of her head. It looked continuous, no seam or lock was apparent. Her hands
were manacled behind her back and her feet were shackled in a similar manner;
seamless rings with short lengths of chain welded to them. The entrepreneurs
running this enterprise seemed to know their metalworking.

As I gathered my wits and took a complete inventory I could see she
was also wearing a metal collar and a chastity belt. Well, there was the
condition of not going "all the way" and I guess they intended to enforce
it. The problem came that the collar and belt were chained to rings in
the back of the box and she wasn't going to move an inch until I had them
free. Again, no seams or locks were to be seen. I wondered if they actually
welded them onto her and what she was willing to tolerate for her commission
on the transaction.

Running around the box I could see that the rings must be fastened to
the plywood underneath the lumber frame. In the absence of a power driver
I would have to remove the screws one at a time with an old fashioned hand
screwdriver. I crawled back inside the box to see if there were release
mechanisms I had missed. Nope, they were going to make me work for this.
At least this gave me a chance to do a little stroking and fondling of
the present I had rented for a day. It was enough to energize my efforts
and she seemed somewhat interested in my efforts.

About an hour later two frames were removed and the nuts holding the
rings in place exposed. Shortly thereafter she relaxed as they came free.

Back at the front of the box I helped her out and assisted her as she
struggled to stand. I told her I was going to get as much of this metal
off her as I could and she nodded vigorously and mmmphed with what sounded
like satisfaction.

However, it was not to be and I was starting to feel
cheated. How was this girl going to satisfy me in any way if she was little
more than two breasts and a belly button. Fine breasts they were but she
couldn't even talk dirty to me. I took a step back to collect my thoughts
and she adopted a rather defeated posture. This couldn't be right. They
couldn't stay in business delivering chained women barely able to stand,
much less fulfill the fantasies of the paying customer. I must be missing
something. The doorbell interrupted my thoughts. I hurried to help her
lie down behind the sofa and went to open the door.

There at the door were three deliverymen with an oversized cardboard
box that was sealed with clear tape. They told me my lady had arrived.
My blank stare and open mouth must have been obvious through the walls
of the box as the greeting of "Hello big boy!" from the inside told me
that this was the package I had ordered.
