---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leather & Lace
authors:
- The White Knight
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace1.html))_

_\*
Leather & Lace
Chapter 2 – Learning
the Ropes with a Twist
By the White Knight_

_An annoying buzzing noise brought me back to reality.  As the cobwebs
of my rest began to fade, I kept wondering what the damn buzzing was. 
With a monumental effort, I lifted my arm and removed the satin night mask. 
Slowly my eyes focused in the direction from which the sound was coming._

_“Shit”, I mumbled through the gag as my eyes popped open.  The
noise was my new alarm clock and it was 7:00am in the morning!  I
lunged for the noisome clock, but couldn’t reach it.  Twisting to
my left I freed my wrist and then quickly removed my ankle restraints. 
Finally I was able to silence the racket caused by the alarm._

_Unbuckling the gag, I found that I had a hard time removing it. 
My jaw really didn’t want to open far enough to let loose the ball. 
Only by using my thumb and forefinger to encircle the ball behind the strap,
was I able to gain the necessary purchase to pry it loose.  Working
quickly I stripped the bed of its nylon attachments and put all of the
equipment back into its box.  The closed box went into the shopping
bag and was placed in the back of my walk-in closet.  Carefully, I
peeled off my worse for wear bustier costume._

_I looked at the battered outfit and felt that it had served me well
last night and it should really get a chance to be seen by my real fantasy
lover.  Whenever I find him, at least.  I took the hose and the
rest of the outfit to the bathroom sink.  Filling the basin I put
in a dash of Wool Lite.  Then I quickly, but carefully hand washed
the fragile garments.  Finishing, I left them to soak while I jumped
into the shower._

_As the hot steamy water revived my aching muscles, I thought of what
had occurred the night before.  I couldn’t believe it, but the facts
spoke for themselves.  Not only had I very much enjoyed myself during
my first bondage fantasy, but I had fallen asleep afterwards bound and
gagged in my bed!  This was absolutely amazing.  I had barely
even heard of bondage prior to the beginning of this week.  I hadn’t
even done anything sexually that was outside of the usual norms. 
Yet, here I was undergoing absolutely incredible orgasms while I was helplessly
bound.  What the heck, was going on with me?_

_I didn’t have time to mull over all these thoughts as I had so much
to do before I could be on my way to work.   I rinsed out my
garments, gently draining all of the excess water and then placing them
all side by side along the shower curtain bar._

_I went into the bedroom and quickly threw on a bra and panties. My make
up came next.  I decided to stay with the same colors from the prior
night, as not all of it had come off in the shower.  This way I knew
that I could make it all blend in and no one would be the wiser. 
Pearl stud earnings were applied in haste.   Grabbing my white
short sleeve cashmere sweater shirt I slid it on.  I chose black panty
hose and pulled a pleated black wool skirt from the draw below.  Quickly
pulling on these items I raced to my closet for shoes.  I almost stumbled
over my party shoes and then I looked down at them and thought why not._

_Despite the ache in my jaw, which had not yet dissipated, I truly felt
like celebrating.  I slid each of my arched soles into the black patent
leather heels. The pointy heels were a little difficult to walk in, but
they made me feel sexy.  And just now, that was exactly how I wanted
to feel._

_Taking a couple of Multigrain bars and a small bottle of orange juice,
I drove off to the office.  It was very important that I get to the
office on time because I really didn’t want to loose this job.  Kicking
my boyfriend out had been the right thing to do, but the financial reality
was that he was paying a goodly portion of our expenses.  With my
job also terminated, my meager savings had dwindled rapidly.  I had
no intention of going back to my parents or giving up my apartment and
lifestyle.  Therefore, I had better get my cute little tail to work._

_Walking in I sat down and surveyed my desk.  Even though I was
coming in a half-hour early every morning, there were always new assignments
on my desk when I arrived.  I saw Lucinda, talking to one of the people
in the art department.  She smiled and nodded towards me in recognition. 
With a jaunty little tune from Snow White running through my mind, I set
to work._

_Deeply immersed in correcting a memo, I didn’t notice that Lucinda had
come up to my desk and was looking down at me.  I flinched in surprise
when she spoke.  “Good morning, my dear”, she said silkily. 
“I trust you had a rewarding evening”.  I blushed like a schoolgirl,
looking down, not even able to meet her gaze.  “It... it... was fine”,
I stammered lamely.  “Yes, I suppose that it must have been, my dear”,
she continued knowingly.  “Oh, and by the way I think your outfit
this morning is particularly smashing.  I would however, button just
one more button as the black lace of your bra stands out so much against
the background of your white sweater.”  I looked down at my chest
and realized that she was exactly right.  I didn’t even remember putting
the sexy bra on, nor noticing that the cashmere shirt had been opened so
low.  My fingers nervously fastened the button.  “Perfect”, she
said as I finished.  “Now just relax, my dear.  There is no need
to be nervous, believe me you are among friends.”  I gathered my nerve
and looked up at her with a shy smile.  She smiled back and with a
wave of her hand she was gone._

_I wondered about the bra and my unusual display of breasts.  I
had consciously, put on the heels as a celebration of my sexuality, but
had I also unconsciously done these other things.  There wasn’t an
easy answer to the question, so I got back to work._

_Shortly after lunch I received a phone call from customer satisfaction
department (read complaint).  The women on the other end of the line
said that she had a particularly irate customer on the phone and would
I please handle it.  When I told her I didn’t know what she meant
and that I was a temp, she informed me that my predecessor Kay always handled
the tough ones and she really didn’t know where to turn.  If it was
part of the job, I figured that I should at least try to handle it so I
told her to patch the person through._

_Trying to get off to a good start with the customer, I said, “Good afternoon,
my name is Sharon. How my I help you.”  An upset women’s voice came
through the earpiece loud, but not screaming, “You can send me a product
that works, is how you can help me.”  I paused not knowing exactly
what to say, so she filled the gap by continuing, “We... I purchased, the
multi pack stimulator from you and no matter how I try I can’t get the
damn things to stay put.  I can’t figure out these straps out at all,
and.... well its just really driving me crazy.”  I scribbled down
exactly what she had said.  Then I asked for the product number, as
I had seen them displayed in the catalog.  “Mam, I am just subbing
for the person that normally works here, but I promise you that I will
talk to the appropriate people and get back to you within the hour”. 
The lady paused, and calmly said, “Thanks, that would be wonderful. 
My name is Karen Moran and I would really like to get this thing working
before my husband comes home, so I really appreciate it your getting back
to me so quickly.”  She left me her number and I set to work._

_I looked the product number up on the invoicing database screen, but
that only gave me a short description and the price.  From this research
though I did learn that ‘AT’ at the beginning of the product code stood
for Adult Toys.  I retrieved my personal catalog from my bag, and
flipped to the proper section.   Finding the product number,
I could see by the picture that the ‘Multi Pack Stimulator’ was in fact
a set of dildo’s, with straps to hold them in both your vagina and asshole
at the same time.  The description explained that the larger penis-like
one was a powerful vibrator and the smaller dildo was referred to as a
butt plug.  The picture showed a computer-generated rendition of what
the apparatus would look like if it were held appropriately together in
thin air.  The leather strap set had one thick strap going around
the persons middle and multiple thinner straps running down between the
legs.  Nothing really showed me how it all fit together._

_I went looking for any of the partners, but they all were away from
their desks.  The clock was ticking, so, I did the next best thing
that I could think of.  I went to the product room.  I walked
through the aisles of goods and found the shelf with a copy of the Multi
Pack Stimulator.  The cover of the box showed the lower half of a
woman wearing it, but it wasn’t clear how the thin straps were coming together
to hold in the pseudo penises.  Opening the box I found that the instructions
were less than helpful.  I personally couldn’t make any sense out
of the diagrams or the written instructions._

_I picked the box up and set out to leave when my eye lit on a pair of
panties that were the same baby blue color as my bustier and even had black
lace trim.  I didn’t really like the G-string that had come with the
outfit so I decided to walk over and take a look.  I reasoned that
if I was going to save that outfit for my hopefully soon to be found lover,
than I should at least pick up a pair of panties that I like to go with
it.  The panties were French cut and made of a soft silky material. 
The waist, leg openings and a strip right down the center of the crotch
were highlighted with bands of sensual black lace.  Picking up the
delicate panty in both hands I was surprised when the crotch split open.
Oh, my God, how perfect!  I quickly imagined binding myself up for
my lover as I had done the night before and him being able to penetrate
me without messing around with the silly G-string.  I had to have
them.  At the door I did as directed and ‘purchased’ the panties. 
I went to leave when I realized that I hadn’t accounted for the Multi Pak. 
I didn’t know how the inventory system around here worked, but Lucinda
had been insistent that I sign out whatever I removed from the ‘product
closet’.  Re-entering the system, I quickly charged it to myself._

_Back at my desk I slid the panties into my bag and then tried to figure
out the ‘stimulator set’.  Without putting the damn thing on myself,
I could not begin to fathom how these thin straps would hold their charges
in.  I really wanted this job, but I wasn’t about to walk into the
toilet, insert a couple of dildo’s into my nether regions, just to figure
out how to properly apply the straps._

_Neither Mr. Thatcher, nor Lucinda had returned to their offices, but
Mr. Harrison was in.  I had only barely met the man and was a little
nervous about going to talk to him about such a sensitive issue. 
I laughed at myself, when I realized what I had been thinking.  Heck,
this is what people do here so this could hardly be called a sensitive
subject.  Never the less I was still a little uncertain._

_I knocked on his open door and said quickly, “Could you help me with
a customers problem that I am trying to resolve.”  Looking up for
what he was writing at his desk, he smiled at me and responded, “Sure I
can, young lady.  Step right in and take a seat.  I won’t be
a minute, but I would just like to finish this thought.”  He looked
back down at his work and I did as instructed and sat down at on the sofa
near the coffee table.  His office was a lot like Mr. Thatcher’s,
but where Mr. Thatcher had plants he had paintings.  Sunset at a lighthouse
with water splashing about its rock base, seascapes and a few sailing ships
decorated his walls._

_Gazing down at the coffee table I spotted a copy of the company’s catalog. 
I couldn’t help but stare at the lovely brunette on the cover.  “She
really is a beauty, isn’t she young lady?” he said warmly as he sat down
opposite me.  “Excuse me”, I responded looking up to meet his eyes. 
“The brunette you were looking at so intently”, he prompted me.  “Yes”,
I answered honestly, “She is very beautiful”.  He sighed lightly and
said, “Yes, she is at that.  You know you look an awful lot like Ann.” 
I didn’t know what to say, so I just gave him a shy little smile. 
“Yep, when Michael called me and told me that we had hit the jackpot with
the temp the agency had sent over, he also said that your were almost the
spitting image of his wife.  Now that I see you up close, I can tell
he was right.” I had been blushing from the praise; I was receiving when
all of what he said hit me.  “His wife...” I stammered before I could
stop myself.  “Sure is”, he answered, “They’ve both worked here, in
one way or another, for years.” He looked at me and could see my obvious
interest, “How about a I tell you a little background about this company,
my dear?”  I nodded my head quickly._

_He stood up looking off in the distance for a moment, before he turned
back to me.  He had such an engaging manner about him that I could
not turn away.  He was the oldest of the three partners, probably
around his late 40’s, but he seemed to act like everyone’s friendly father. 
His crusty warm voice told this tale._

_“I started the company back in ‘82.  I was a salesman at the time
and I saw what all of the other mail order catalogs were doing were doing
in this field and I thought to myself that I could do it better. 
Well, I spent the next five years building this company up with very little
staff and hardly any money to spare.  One day I get a call from this
firecracker, Michael.  He’s a young 27, with an MBA and he’s working
for one of the competition.  He’s in finance and he convinces me that
it would be a good idea if we could meet.... You see he was trying to get
me to sell my company._

_I knew that of course, but he was paying for lunch so I agreed. 
We hit it off from the moment we met.  It was like I had known him
forever and we were life long friends.  Instead of just cutting him
off at restaurant, like I had planned, I brought him back to the warehouse
that I was running the business out of back then.  I showed him around
and he looked closely at just about every product that I offered to the
public.  He commented on the quality of the products and said that
my line was much better and more extensive than his own firms.  He
left me that day with a hearty handshake telling me he would call, but
I never thought that I would see him again._

_Two weeks later I came to work as usual and found Michael sitting on
the stoop in front of the warehouse.  ‘I want to come work for you’,
he said to me flat out.  I told him he was crazy, that the business
was only throwing off barely enough money to support me.  I couldn’t
very well afford to pay someone of his caliber’s salary.  He wouldn’t
be swayed.  Said, he would work for nothing if he had to, but he felt
that he belonged here.  He also said that he had a lot of ideas how
he could financially turn around the company.  What did I have to
lose, so we shook hands and he was on board._

_He did things that I would never believed possible.  Made us a
real company for one thing, which greatly changed our tax picture, but
that was just the start.  He bowled over the bankers and the zoning
boards, getting us money and space for expansion.  In six months we
had made such strides, that not only could we expand, but we could also
afford to feed ourselves._

_That’s about when his wife showed up.  It was Ann who actually
changed the complexion of the company to what it is today.  But, I’m
getting ahead of myself.  Like I said we were still short of money
and couldn’t afford the clerks, accountants and secretaries we really needed
to run our expanding company.  Michael and I worked long hours, everyday
and often worked on weekends.  So there she was one Saturday handling
the bills, in a loose sleeveless sweet shirt, shorts and sneakers, she
was about your age at the time.  When I had been introduced, she told
me that she was tried of not seeing her husband.  So if she couldn’t
see him at home, at least she could be with him here._

_She was a godsend.  Got all of our paper work in order by organizing
a platoon of college kids that were looking for summer employment. 
Her husband’s idea, but she made it happen._

_One weekend Michael and I were doing the manual labor of actually unloading
a truck of our catalogs into the warehouse.  It had just arrived from
the printers.  Ann sat there during lunch leafing through the catalog. 
When we finally sat down, tried and hot from our exertions.  She looked
at us both and flipped the catalog onto the table.  ‘That thing is
not going to sell your products’, she said disdainfully.  We looked
at her dumb founded and started to make negative noises... ‘It doesn’t
sell me and I don’t think it will sell your other customers either’, she
said positively certain of her position.  Not wanting to insult her,
but totally exasperated, I asked what was wrong with it and what we she
would do to fix it._

_She felt that it was geared strictly towards a male viewpoint. 
Yes, males were the most predominate benefactors from our products, she
agreed, but it was women who more often then not made the purchases. 
She cited the customer mail that was almost 90% from women, either praising
or complaining about our products.  We had to make the catalog ‘female
friendly’, she proclaimed.  "How?” I asked again._

_To start with I would change the cover.  Look at it, block letters
and a picture of a lovely smiling woman in skimpy lingerie.  We are
not Frederick’s of Hollywood and we shouldn’t make ourselves look like
it.  On a blank piece of computer paper she drew a heart.  She
put two stick drawings in the heart and labeled them lace and leather. 
In Script about the top of the heart she wrote Leather and Lace, Inc.,
then used her pencil to shade in the background on the page.  Her
husband took the pencil from her when she finished and gave the heart a
double outline, made it look like rope with a knot at the top.  Ann
explained her idea which, as you can see, has been the tone of our cover
ever since.  In fact the cover on this years catalog and many of the
other pictures inside are a tenth anniversary reprint of that groundbreaking
catalogue._

_She also pointed out that with the exception of the lingerie section,
none of the rest of the products were modeled at all.  I told her
that there were pornography laws against, such things and we could not
do that.  No of course we can’t show vaginal or anal penetration,
but how about a picture of a woman getting a sexy massage with oil gleaming
on her back.  And what about all of the bondage equipment, it just
lays there in the catalog like it was in some museum showcase.  I’ll
bet you there are no laws about showing someone modeling wrist or ankle
cuffs, collars or blindfolds.  Her husband and I looked at each other
and back at Ann and we knew that she was right.  We would have to
re-shoot at least part of this catalog, Michael said to me.  How,
I asked.  Where will we get the money for the reprinting and where
are we going to get models that will agree to these types of pictures? 
Michael said that he would get the money and Ann said that she would find
the models._

_The next Saturday, as agreed, we all met at the photographer’s studio. 
I was dismayed to see Ann walk in with only one of our normal models. 
“Is this all you could get”, I asked dejectedly.  ‘What more do you
need”, she replied, “than a blond and a brunette.”  I looked behind
her for the brunette, and then I realized what she meant.  “You don’t
mean to say...” I began.  Before I could say anymore she had stripped
off her standard college sweat shirt top.  Ann had a perfect size
six body, with flat stomach and large firm breast, which her orange bikini
top barely held in check.  I looked over at her husband, he smiled
and said, ‘It was her idea and once my wife has made up her mind its damn
near impossible to change it.  ‘But the bondage equipment...’ I asked
incredulously.  Michael looked sheepishly at the floor.  I turned
my gaze back to his wife.  Ann turned to the blond asked her to go
get ready for the shoot.  When she turned back to me, she said flat
out, ‘My lord and master over there, is a true bondage enthusiast. 
I love him so I go along for the ride.’  I looked aghast at what this
beautiful young woman was saying to me.  She patted me on the arm
and said to me, ‘Harry, its OK.  This isn’t the first time that I’ve
worn leather restraints and as long as I stay married to this old lunk
(she reached over and gave Michael’s arm a squeeze) it probably won’t be
the last time.’_

_She was right of course.  Her and Mary, the blond, worked through
the weekend.  About a hundred of the many thousands of shots ended
up in the catalog.  Sales boomed that year and we have been growing
ever since.  I tried to get Ann to come on board as marketing director,
but she refused.  Said she wasn’t qualified, but she would look for
someone that was.  That’s where Ms. Grant came from.  Ann contacted
countless agencies and interviewed hundreds of executives before she presented
us with Lucinda._

_‘And that pretty much is that, as they say’, he finished.  ‘Thanks
for listening to an old dog like me.  Every once and awhile its nice
to relive your beginnings, but what was it you needed my help with, dear
lady?’  I beamed at him and thanked him for telling me the company’s
history and then I outlined the customer’s problem.  I finished by
telling him the steps that I had taken trying to figure out the problem
for myself.  ‘What did you conclude after your research?’ he asked
with interest.  I hemmed and hawed not wanting to demean the instructions. 
‘Go on, you can tell the honest truth to ‘ol Harry?’_

_‘First I didn’t understand, why the product just didn’t use one thicker
strap between the legs’, I began, ‘But excluding that, I concluded that
I wouldn’t be able to figure out how to use it without putting it on myself.’_

_‘Exactly’, he exclaimed excitedly.  ‘Let me see those instructions”,
he asked.  I handed them over and he read them quickly.  “Unnhhh, 
Unnhhhh, Uuuunnnnhhh”, he mumbled to himself.  ‘A man wrote these,
not someone as you so aptly put it ‘who had put it on themselves!’_

_“Now here are the answers to your questions”, he said like a knowledgeable
college professor.  ‘First, we do have a similar product with a single
strap down the center.  Its more functional, but a lot less pretty. 
Therefore we sell a lot more of these, remember women are a main consumer.’
He paused for a second to catch his breath, ‘Second, take the vibrator
and the butt plug out of the box’.  A little nervously, I did as instructed. 
Holding one in each hand.  ‘Now turn them upside down and look at
their bottoms.  At the base of each of the fake penises there was
a thicker piece of plastic, with a thin lateral opening at the top and
another shelf below.  ‘The idea is to fit the thin leather straps
into the notch in the bottom’, he took the vibrator from me and pulled
the four leather strips out of the box.  He slid in the fist strap
and than quickly the others,  the straps slid between the two pieces
of plastic and were held in place by the opposing solid ‘L’ like projections
beneath the base.  Holding only the straps, he shook the eight-inch
cock up and down, yet none of the straps popped out of its holder. 
‘You see’, he asked.  I smiled like a school girl and said, ‘Yes,
Yes, now it makes sense.’  Putting all of the pieces back into the
box I made to leave, thanking him for everything, and saying that I had
to get on the phone to the customer from Texas.  His voice stopped
me as I reached the door, ‘Just two things before you go, young lady. 
First, explain how it works to the customer but warn her that it’s easy
enough to get in, but it’s the getting it out that can be tricky. 
Tell her not to try to take the straps out while the dildo’s are still
in her, I am told that it is nearly impossible.  Simply undo the waist
belt and remove them one at a time.’ He paused.  ‘Second, write a
draft of how the instructions should read, using what I have told you as
your basis.  Give it to me tomorrow afternoon and then I will go have
a little talk with our copy department manager.’_

_Going back to my desk, I called Karen from Texas, and explained how
the gizmo worked.  I also gave her the warning as directed by Mr.
Harrison.  She thanked me profusely.  Then in a whispery voice
she confided in me, that she was playing a game with her husband. He had
requested that she be stripped on the bed when he got home, with the Multi
Pack Simulator running and a blindfold on so that she wouldn’t know when
he arrived.  As he put it, she further explained, ‘He wants me so
hot when he gets there that he’ll think he’s riding a wild bronco! 
Oh, oh, I’ve got to go and get ready.  Bye and thanks again.’_

_Finished with that, I resumed my normal workload.  A lot of which
had unfortunately backed up.  It wasn’t until almost five o’clock
that I started to work on re-writing the instructions.  Looking at
the way the current instructions were written, I couldn’t easily figure
out how to mimic that same style.  Trying to write them from scratch
was equally difficult as I kept coming up with questions.  A little
after five o'clock, Mr. Thatcher came out of his office and told me to
go home.  There isn’t anything that you are doing now that won’t wait
until the morning, he assured me._

_Staring at the unfinished assignment in front of me, I decided not to
argue and folded my notes and put them into my bag.  From the box
under the desk, I retrieved the instructions.  Then in a burst of
inspiration I figured that I might need any one of the pieces of equipment
to examine while I wrote the instructions for their usage.  I pushed
everything into my bag._

_At home I went through my normal routine.  Aerobics, shower and
then food.  When I was finished with my dinner, I sat down at the
small kitchenette and opened my bag.  I retrieved my notes and the
instructions.  Next I laid out each of the pieces and set them on
the table before me.  My newly acquired panties tumbled out of my
bag with the other equipment, so I neatly folded them and put them aside. 
I closed my eyes and tried to imagine how that customer from Texas would
have done it.  Nothing.  Maybe I just wasn’t cut out to be a
writer of instructions, I consoled myself.  All I could see behind
my closed eyes was a blindfolded female, bucking like a bronco, beneath
her husbands touch._

_Then I kept coming back to what Harry had said earlier, you couldn’t
properly explain how to use the product, unless you had used it yourself. 
I looked down at the assorted equipment and my new panties lying on the
table and smiled devilishly to myself.  ‘Why not’, I said to myself,
‘I’ve already paid for it.’_

_Moving everything into the bedroom, I laid each of the items out neatly
on top of my bureau.  From the closet I removed my bondage set and
put that equipment on the bed.  The bustier and stockings had already
been removed from the bathroom, prior to my shower.  I took the bustier
from my lingerie draw, I saw that it could probably use a little ironing,
but now was not the time to for it.  I would make everything as it
was the night before with the exception that this time I would add the
‘Nitro charged Multi Pack Stimulator’ to my ensemble._

_First I put on my new panties.  The silky nylon panels were not
see-through like the rest of the bustier, but the baby blue color was a
perfect match.  Despite the fact that it was unusual to be wearing
panties that were split from stem to stern, I still liked them much more
than the G-string.  The material was smooth and even the lace was
softer and much more comfortable than its less expensive predecessor had
been.  Machine made nylon lace can tend to be very scratchy, but this
lace, that gently rubbed my pussy with every move, was more little a sweet
caress.  I vowed to myself, to get as much of the companies superior
products as I could, before my brief tenure ran out._

_I fixed my hair and make up.  Snapped myself into the bustier and
slid into the hose.  Retrieving my favored slippers, I put them on
also.  Looking at myself critically in the mirror, I decided that
I passed muster, but with a devilish smile I added small amounts of perfume
in all the places that a man would love to find them.  Behind my ears,
in the cleavage of my breasts and down between my legs.  Oh god, I
wanted a man!  That was something else that I vowed to rectify._

_Moving to the bed, I efficiently set up the restraints.  It was
a lot easier the second time around.  The comforter was off, this
time and destined for the laundry.  Taking off my clothes before showering
I had noticed a familiar smell in the air.  It came from the bed. 
I did not see any wet spots, but my hand did find a damp area were some
of my secretions must have fallen._

_Soft flannel sheets covered the bed.  Pink, with little white hearts. 
I placed a pink hand towel in the center of the bed, just were I expected
my butt to rest, to make sure the sheets were safe.  Surveying my
handy work, I could find no flaw, nor could I think of any other things
to do that would keep me from my next groundbreaking step._

_I stared at the pieces of the stimulator set.  I was sure that
I wanted to do this, God I wanted to experience what Karen from Texas was
feeling, but in the back of my mind it was still a little scary. 
I had never used a vibrator or a dildo.  Only at slumber parties in
my teen years had I ever even seen them, but I was much too timid at the
time to even hold it to my crotch like some of the other girls did. 
This is what you get from a sheltered up bringing, I thought to myself._

_Not stalling any longer, I picked up the thick leather waist strap and
buckled it tightly in place.  Positioning myself appropriately, I
looked over my shoulder into the dresser mirror.  On the back of the
black three-inch thick strap were four D rings from which the thin leather
straps were suspended.  I adjusted the belt a little to the left so
that the dangling cords were evenly spaced across my rear end.  Now
came the hard part._

_The directions had said to put the butt plug in first, but I couldn’t
bring myself to do this.  I had never had anything go into my anal
passageway that wasn’t medically related and I wasn’t about to make that
my first step.  I picked up the vibrator, instead.  It was described
as being eight inches long and I didn’t doubt it one bit.  Only one
of the few lovers that I had had in my short adult life, had sported a
penis this long and his hadn’t been as wide as this pseudo one._

_Leaning my butt up against the bureau, I gathered my courage and put
my free hand between my legs.  Pushing the lacy material further apart
I was gratified to feel that the excitement of getting ready had already
begun to make me wet.  Closing my eyes I fantasized about being bound
upon the bed with my imaginary lover lapping voraciously at my warm, all
so deserving, sex.  I stopped my ministrations reluctantly, as I felt
properly lubricated and didn’t want to waste a good orgasm.  Using
both hands, I maneuvered the head of the rubber cock against my waiting
lower lips.  Pushing slowly forward, I grunted as it first went in. 
Changing the angle slightly I continued to push the thick penis into me. 
Before it had gotten all the way in it seemed to refuse to go any further. 
Pushing harder and twisting, I sighed happily, as I saw the base settle
firmly against my vagina.  I could feel my muscles tensing around
the fake cock, seemingly trying to push the invader out.  This gave
me understanding into why the straps were needed.  Without the use
of my hands to hold it in, eventually the false cock would be expelled
from my warm slick opening, especially once it started vibrating._

_Taking a deep breath, I prepared myself for the insertion of the butt
plug.  The directions mentioned the application of K-Y jelly to my
rear entrance, prior to using the plug or in lieu of that Vaseline. 
I didn’t have any idea what K-Y jelly was, so I got out some Vaseline. 
I first reached between my legs to find my rear entrance.  This I
did, but I also found out that it was very difficult to get around the
base of the vibrator to get to it!  I tried again and realized that
the directions had been right.  Dejectedly I pulled out the vibrator. 
Oh, I loved those squishy, sucking sounds it made as it left its new home. 
They reminded me of memories of hardened manhood sliding in and out of
my all so happy love tunnel._

_Applying the Vaseline was now a snap.  I put plenty around the
entrance and even used my index finger to push some of the slippery substance
into the tight little hole.  I held the smaller and slimmer penis
with both hands.  It was made of a stiffer rubber than the vibrator. 
I realized why as soon as I began to press the head against my bunghole. 
It didn’t want to go in!  ‘Great’, I laughed to myself, ‘I’ve got
the only dildo in the world that’s afraid of the dark.’  I bent over
and pushed harder and then even harder...  I straightened and gasped
involuntarily, as with a pop it  finally made its way inside. 
Taking more deep breaths, I bent again and worked to push it the rest of
the way in.  It refused to budge and the pressure I was exerting in
that region, was not what I would describe as pleasurable.  Thinking
that it was like the vibrator, I tried twisting and turning it but to no
avail.  It was a fact that all the pressure that I could bring to
bear was just not sufficient to get the job done._

_Not to be stopped in my quest, I waddled over to the corner of the dresser. 
Standing on tiptoes I straddled the corner and placed the base of the dildo
against it.  I braced the base firmly against the corner with one
hand and balanced myself with the other.  I knew what I had to do,
but I didn’t want to do it.  Feeling the arching of my feet begin
to tire, I looked down to see the soft leather slippers arched to my feet
like the ballet counterparts that they resembled.  Closing my eyes,
I gave up my struggle and let my own weight push the dildo into me. 
‘Oh, Ohhh, Ohhhhh,’ I moaned in surprise I let it in bit by bit. 
Now I knew what it was like to be impaled!  Ohhhhh, I sighed as the
thicker middle made it’s way into me and then the rest followed quickly._

_Hurrying, I slipped the vibrator back in with very little difficulty. 
I thought at one point that I could feel the two penis’ pressing against
each other through my thin inner walls, but I really wasn’t sure. 
Drawing the first strap between my legs, I understood why the customer
from Texas had had problems.  It seemed easy in Mr. Harrison’s office
sliding the cord into the slot in the base, but this exercise was anything
but easy.  If you had your lover to help you it would be a cinch,
but self-use was a trial.  Bending over I had to use my fingers to
first find the slot, then work the cord into it.  The problem was
multiplied, because of working from back to front you had to work around
the base of the vibrator to secure the butt plug first.  Also getting
both of the notches to line up without being able to see what you were
doing, was a nightmare.  Let me tell you, that there are few things
more difficult then bending over at the waist while you have dildos buried
within your vagina and buttocks._

_Finally I got all four cords through each of the appropriate openings. 
I used the small brass buckles on the front of the belt to attach the thin
straps.  I made sure that they were tight, simply because I had gone
to too much work to see one of these orifice filling dildo’s slide out
by accident._

_Sitting down on the bed I quickly attached my ankles to the opposite
corners of the bed.  The gag came next.  My mouth, at first,
refused to be pushed to the limit needed to enclose the ball, but just
when I thought it would not work, the ball popped into place.  The
buckle caught in my hair, for a second, but was quickly freed._

_I then used my left hand to apply the cuff to my right wrist. 
This was the fail-safe method that I had learned by my previous evenings
exertions.  All I had to do was leave the cuff a little loose. 
Loose enough that if I relaxed my hand it could slide through the cuff. 
Also a long as I kept my right hand formed into a fist, it wasn’t going
anywhere._

_The blindfold was applied and then my remaining free hand traveled down
between my thighs.  By feel I found the base of the vibrator, between
the numerous cords, and the switch that would empower it.  I didn’t
know what to expect, but I had my own ideas.  I flicked the switch
on._

_Quickly, I moved my wrist to the final cuff and rolled it tightly into
its restraint.  My bondage complete and all of the other accessories
in place, I lay back to embrace the entire experience.  But, as soon
as my focus was off that action, I began to feel the motions of the vibrator. 
It was aptly named as it did exactly what its name suggested, that is it
gave off a constant vibration.  However, I had had no previous experience
in this area and I didn’t truly understand how that simple thrumming was
going to effect me._

_“Ohhhhh”, I mumbled around the yellow ball.  All of my actions
up to this point had been building the excitement within me.  Right
from the very start just the thought that I was going to bind myself, virtually
helplessly, to the bed made me hot.  Each additional adornment, such
as the sexy lingerie, the gag, blindfold and especially the Multi Pack
Stimulator added to the intensity of my arousal.  Within seconds of
activating the quivering cock I was on fire._

_The rubber penis in my lower mouth, rubbed vigorously against the G-spot
just within my widely spread lips and all up and down my sensitive inner
walls.  This by itself would have been more than enough to send me
over the top, in my already excited state, but that wasn’t all that was
happening to me._

_“Uummmphh, Uummpppphh”, I said despite the gag.  The gag was forgotten
as a gut wrenching volcanic orgasm built within my enflamed body. 
Arching my back I thrust my pelvis skyward, which despite my restrained
position, lifted my ass entirely off the bed. The vibrator shook the most
at its base.  Those taut cords that I had pulled through the base
of the pseudo penises were also vibrating.  I could feel the narrow
straps thrumming against my flat stomach and tight buns, sort of like a
guitar string that had been plucked.  These same cords also passed
through the base of the butt plug, which gave the same effect as having
two instead of one vibrator in me._

_My hips thrust upward on there own accord, my mind no longer in control. 
“Aaaarrrrgggghhhhh”, I moaned gutturally into the heavy ball.  The
softer motions of small penis in my anal canal were something I had never
experienced and the combination was driving me crazy.  My hands were
balled into fists so tightly that they hurt.  My slippers dug into
the bed allowing my knees to flex and let my pelvis go wild.  Strong
leg muscles felt as taut as steel cables._

_In minutes the fire between my legs was an inferno and yet it still
built.  My breathing was coming in gasps and I thought the pressure
between my wildly spread legs was going to kill me.  “Ohhhh God, Ohhhhhhh
God, Ohhhhhhhh Yes.  Yessss.  Yessssss”, I mumbled incoherently
as I came in the blockbuster of all orgasms.  I thrashed from side
to side, ripping at my restraints with all of my strength.  The waves
of release continued to crash into me like breakers against a rocky shore. 
More and more waves swept through me, until my sexually charged body tingled
from the roots of my hair to the leather covered toes of my feet. 
I screamed with delight into my gag as the monstrous orgasm finally ended._

_As my body began to relax, in the warm after glow of sexual release,
the thought that I had died and gone to heaven filled my mind.  The
large prick bound into my body had other ideas than letting me relax, though. 
The constant vibrations did not cease with my orgasm.  The cords did
not stop their thrumming and the plug in my rear passage way did not cease
its seductive motions.  Rather than bask in release, I could feel
my body tensing towards another round._

_At that point I almost released my wrist and stopped the process before
it got really underway, but I stopped myself.  Would my imaginary
lover turn off my strapped in vibrator after only one set of orgasms? 
I doubted it._

_It took a little longer this time.  My strength had been taxed
during the first go round, so I couldn’t keep my butt lifted off the bed. 
This slightly retarded the motions of the butt plug.  The muscles
in my inner thighs were sore from the strain of being spread so widely,
combined with my earlier pelvis thrusting, and they just wanted to rest. 
The base of the vibrator continued to vibrate viciously against my G-spot. 
Soon I was shifting my buttocks from cheek to cheek, which intensified
the building fire.  Higher, higher, higher the pressure built....._

_“Yeeesssssss”, I screamed once more as the wave spread through my body. 
I pulled at my restraints, making my whole body as taut as the skin on
a drum.  “Ohhhh, Yessssss”, I murmured, loving life and everything
about it.  Again and again the waves passed through me, not as intense
as the previous orgasms, but marvelous just the same.  Once again
the sexual release subsided, and this time I really wanted to relax and
enjoy it._

_The vibrations of the fake penis, were beginning to be uncomfortably
insistent.  This time however, I didn’t feel the building of the orgasms
that I come to expect.  It just seemed to get me to a very high level
of excitement, but not take me over the peak.  The excitement that
at first was fun in the warmth of my last orgasm, became down right annoying. 
The fake vibrating cocks motions, became onerous rather than sensuous._

_Before the entire mood was ruined, I opened my right fist and slid through
its attendant cuff.  Quickly, I reached down and switched off the
tiresome vibrator.  Ahhhhhhh, much better, I thought to myself. 
My body was tired and spent, but that warm after glow of the two wonderful
sets of orgasms made me feel great.  I just lay there for a few minutes
basking in my glorious state._

_Reaching, over to my left wrist I undid it’s bindings.  I inched
the satin night mask upwards onto my forehead, but did not remove it. 
Using both hands I undid the gag and placed it on the bedside table. 
I checked the alarm and turned it to the on position.  Using a blanket
I had earlier set besides the bed, I covered myself from toes to torso. 
Attaching my right restraint appropriately, I then lowered my mask and
carefully bound my remaining wrist._

_In the warm after math of my personalized love making session, I lay
contentedly in my restraints.  Luxuriating in the feel of my bondage
and ensemble I drifted off to sleep._

_Leather & Lace
continues in
[Chapter
3 – The Wager: Part I](leather_lace3.html)

16/01/02

story continues in [**Leather & Lace**](leather_lace3.html)

o0o
