---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Lydia and Me 5
authors:
- Pleasewrap
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- wrap
- mum
- cocoon
- gag
- bfold
- toys
- cupboard
- pole
- tape
- tease
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-02-27 00:00:00
---

story continues from [part four](lydia_and_me4.html)

**Chapter Five - Alone Again**

“I would have to fall in love with a damned deviant genius,” I thought
to myself as I futilely tried to pull my arms up even a little bit. But
the wrapping job was too thorough and between the plastic, the duct tape,
and my almost complete lack of decent leverage, they stayed exactly where
they were.

I suppose some explanation is in order, otherwise I’m just a mummified
guy wasting your time. My day had started off well enough. I was wrapping
up a project and collecting a very large check as a reward for my troubles,
and then was going to be heading off for a weekend in Las Vegas with an
old school pal who I was still in touch with. He had bought a condo there
ages ago when his business put him in the city over half the time. We both
love to play poker and every once in a while we hop on a plane and go to
blow some money at the tables and have some fun.

Lydia was more than supportive. We’d been back together for about four
months now, and I’d finally decided to pop the question and make what was
inevitable official and (not surprisingly) she’d enthusiastically agreed.
But we both recognized the need for time apart, so our schedules weren’t
completely locked to one another and both work and pleasure pulled us in
different directions, only to reinforce the strength of our being together.
So when I’d mentioned a weekend away she’d smiled and said, “Don’t blow
all of that check you’re going to get. And bring me back something fun.”
That was about two weeks ago, and shortly thereafter she’d hung up the
phone and excitedly said, “Well that’ll be fun, too.”

I looked over the lid of my laptop and stopped typing. Dinner was in
the oven and I’d knocked off work a bit early to prepare for the pre-meeting
meeting that this particular client always insisted on having so that I
could tell him what I was going to tell him before I told it to him. If
that made your head spin, imagine working for him. I asked, “What’ll be
fun?” and closed the lid of my machine since I get distracted too easily
and I’m smart enough to recognize that.

“You remember Jane Collins and Debbie Muket from school? My old roommates
from Freshman year who hung together through thick, thin, and various boyfriends?”
She paused to allow me to nod, which I did, then she continued. “They’re
coming to town while you’re going to be in Vegas and for a few days after.
I invited them to stay here and figured we could tell them our news.”

Now don’t get me wrong, I’m a romantic at heart. But I’d just as soon
Lydia come with me to Vegas and get married in front of an Elvis impersonator
as have a big wedding. I just didn’t care for the pomp, circumstance, and
expense. So the thought of her former roommates coming over to start the
process of over-planning and over-spending on the church wedding she and
her family would want didn’t exactly excite me. And while the house I’d
bought had two spare bedrooms and would fit her friends comfortably, I
wasn’t particularly fond of Jane and really couldn’t stand Debbie. The
former had never seemed to take any interest in getting to know me, even
though I was quite serious with her friend, and the latter was just a raging
bitch who I thought was far too focused on appearance over substance. I
understood Lydia’s relationship with Jane, but never could fathom the friendship
with Debbie. But opposites do seem to attract sometimes, and I wasn’t going
to make an issue out of it. That didn’t stop me from rolling my eyes.

“I know, you hate Debbie and can barely tolerate Jane. But they’ll just
be here a few days while you’re around and you’ll probably be busy getting
Jack to sign the proposal you sent him last week.”

She was at least right about that – with one project ending I needed
to line up my next job or have an immediate drop in cash flow. I was conservative
with my funds and could probably last a long time without any new work,
but that was both boring and bad financial planning for the long-term.
So I sighed and said, “You promise to keep our contact to a minimum?”

She’d come over to kiss me and said, “Absolutely. Just dinner on Sunday
night, then you can claim to be busy doing something important and I’ll
let you get away with it.”

She was obviously excited about the idea and I knew that I wasn’t going
to change her mind anyway, so I resigned myself to my fate and altered
my flight to bring me back just a little bit earlier on Sunday.

Then today had rolled around and everything had gone to hell. As I was
walking in to the final meeting/presentation, my cell phone had started
vibrating. I glanced at the number and saw that it was probably Andrew
based on the area code, probably calling to remind me not to be late since
I’d missed my flight the last time and had kept him waiting to pick me
up for an hour and a half. I let it roll to voice mail and walked into
the meeting.

The presentation quickly went south. My client’s pinhead security “guru”
didn’t see how we’d managed to protect the system I’d been working on from
attacks that wouldn’t work against that type of system in the first place,
and wanted me to prepare a memo for him describing how we’d addressed the
issue. I’d tried to explain calmly that http based attacks weren’t likely
to work on an application that didn’t actually use http as a protocol and
that the communication between the servers was where we’d built the protections,
but numnuts had a bug up his butt and wouldn’t let go. And despite the
pre-meeting meeting, my client decided to back him. And since I’d signed
a semi-fixed rate contract for this particular work, the big fat check
stayed in the manila folder that it had arrived at the meeting in instead
of making its way into my pocket.

Fortunately, I’d managed to keep my cool, which can be an accomplishment
for me sometimes – I’ve been known to have a temper and this type of idiocy
was exactly what usually pushed me over the edge. So I’d suggested that
it seemed unlikely that any proof I produced would satisfy their concerns
and perhaps they should allow me to hire an outside consultant to review
the architecture and code. Amazingly, they’d agreed and I managed to get
my future wife at least a week’s worth of work proving that her future
husband was smarter than the pin-headed twit they’d hired to basically
manage their firewall and ask ridiculous questions.

Since it was obvious that the final presentation wouldn’t be final at
all, I’d suggested adjourning until their concerns had been addressed and
picking things back up after the outside report. They’d agreed, and my
client was suitably apologetic about the wheels falling off at the last
moment. I’d again managed to bite my tongue as I headed for the door, grabbing
my cell phone the moment I was clear of the building.

As the caller ID had said, it was Andrew calling, but it wasn’t good
news. He’s a bit of a biking fanatic, with a particular interest in mountain
biking. He’d blown off work yesterday and headed for the hills, only to
lose it on a trail and wake up in the hospital with a rod in his leg, some
broken ribs, and a face that resembled hamburger. He’d just gotten the
strength to call me and tell me he wouldn’t be able to make our weekend,
which sucked badly enough. But with him out of the picture, the keys to
the condo were now out of reach and I was suddenly faced with two and one
half additional days with Jane and Debbie. If there had been something
close enough, I would have kicked it.

So I was pretty steamed as I got in the car and headed for the store.
I’d promised Lydia to get the shopping out of the way before I left, and
figured the last thing I needed to do was piss her off and complete the
cycle of bad karma that seemed to be revolving around me at the moment.
Besides, she’d be appropriately sympathetic and would do what she could
to soothe me. Maybe I’d even get laid before I had to figure out how to
hide from the dynamic duo when they arrived tonight.

When I arrived back home, her car was in the garage, which was a bit
of a surprise. I’d expected her to be meeting with one of her potential
clients for most of the day, mapping out the different phases for a security
review that they had been working up. As I walked through the garage door
and dropped some of the bags on the kitchen counter, I’d shouted, “Lydia?
I’m home.” Before she could answer, I’d headed back for more bags.

When I came back in she was already unpacking the groceries and putting
them away. She took one look at my face and said, “What happened?” and
put down the crackers and peanut butter she had been holding. I launched
into it without a second thought, barely managing to convey the fact that
she had work if she wanted it through my tirade. She leaned back against
the counter and let me go. She’d been a consultant longer than I had and
was used to this type of thing. She also understood that when it happened
you occasionally needed to blow up like you wanted to, but couldn’t, in
front of the client. It took a few minutes, and then I managed to get around
to Andrew and the lack of a Vegas partner.

She looked at me sympathetically, then smiled as she went back to the
groceries and asked, “Is the ice cream in one of those bags? It should
get into the fridge pretty quick since it’s so warm.”

I stood there stunned for a moment, and then just started to laugh.
She looked at me and grinned, the non-sequitor having had the desired effect.
I looked in the bags quickly and realized it was still in the car which
was still in the garage which was far too warm for the welfare of ice cream
and practically ran to get the last bags inside. As the door swung closed
behind me, I could hear her laughing.

As I schlepped back in with the bags in my arms, she glanced over at
me and said, “Feeling a bit better now? Grab a beer and help me put this
stuff away.”

I was already well on my way to calmed down, but the beer and normalcy
of putting away groceries seemed appealing ways to continue that trend,
so I didn’t argue with either. As I got the opener and opened a Newcastle
from the fridge, I noticed the peanut butter lying on the ground against
the baseboard. “You dropped the peanut butter,” I said as I popped the
top and took a pull.

She glared over at me with her mock anger look and said, “That’s your
problem mister. You made me laugh so hard I dropped it on my toe.”

I laughed some more as I retrieved the plastic jar from the floor and
stashed it in the cupboard, only to have Lydia grab me around the waist
from behind. “I’m sorry your day didn’t go as planned. You want me to see
if I can find you a room in Vegas? You could still go if you wanted to.”

I put my hand on hers and kept her from letting go as I turned around,
kissing her when we finally faced. “Nah, “ I said when I’d finished. “If
there were a tournament or something I wanted to see going on, maybe. But
Vegas alone can get damned depressing. I was thinking about trying to visit
Andrew while he’s in the hospital, but he didn’t leave a number at the
hospital so I’m not even sure where he is. I could trace the caller ID,
but with the damage he did, he might not even realize I was in the room.”

“You’re staying here, then? I thought you’d be out from underfoot.”

I sighed, starting back down the depressive spiral of the morning until
she squeezed my but and kissed my cheek. “Don’t worry, hun. We’ll figure
something out.”

I suppose I should have picked up on her mischevious tone then and there,
but I was off my game. We finished putting the groceries away, she telling
me how the client had liked her plan and signed off on it as is, me telling
her there’s was a week’s work for her if she wanted it, and her happily
accepting it since her project wouldn’t kick off for another three weeks
as the client got their act together.

The chores settled, she’d looked at the clock and said, “Two hours until
they get here. I wonder what I could do to make my man feel better?”

I grinned and started to tickle her, and she’d squealed before ordering
me into the bedroom. As she followed, she grabbed her keys and headed for
our “secret stash.” I glanced at the new plants and light fixture hanging
from the overly heavy rings on the beams in the living room and smiled.
We made a very, very good match.

I suppose the keys comment deserves some explanation. Before I bought
the house, a real estate investment company had owned it and rented it
out. They’d focused on the business market, either renting the rooms individually
to traveling business men willing to share a house instead of staying in
a hotel or giving the whole house to a single company looking to house
their traveling team. As a result, all the interior doors were sturdier
than normal and all of the bedroom doors had locks like you’d find on a
front door. The master bedroom even had a deadbolt for those that were
particularly security conscious. A number of closets also had locks where
the management company had stored cleaning supplies and linens to minimize
theft. I’d meant to remove the locks, but had never gotten around to it.
With visitors coming, Lydia had obviously locked the cabinet where the
toys were hidden to avoid embarrassing explanations.

And we’d acquired some toys. Of particular note was the remote controlled
vibrator that originally had fit into a thong with a sleeve that was intended
to contact a very sensitive part of my anatomy. We’d discarded the thong
in favor of wrapping it in plastic and tying it to that particular piece
of my anatomy, sometimes below my testicles, other times along the shaft.
The former was the more popular spot since it was either stimulating or
annoying (depending on my state and how many times it had been used) and
didn’t provide the overwhelming effect that the latter could have. The
remote was pretty good, but Lydia wasn’t satisfied and, being a more talented
tinkerer than I, had managed to boost it’s range to a good fifty feet and
given it the strength to penetrate at least two walls.

While she was busy at the cupboard, I stripped. It was obvious she was
“in a mood” and that I was going to pay for her injured toe in spades.
I sometimes like to use earplugs to enhance the isolation, and since we
had some time before I wanted to make myself scarce, I grabbed a set out
of the drawer where I kept them and walked to my side of the bed (the right
side, if you care, close to the closet door). I rolled them in my fingers
and was just putting one in when Lydia stepped through the door with an
arm full of supplies. She smiled as I finished inserting it and said, “You
want the full treatment, huh?”

I’d answered by putting the other earplug in and standing with my hands
behind my neck so that she could reach my torso without trouble. She grabbed
one of the three half-rolls of wrap she’d brought and pulled out my instrument
of vibrating torture. Before beginning on my body, she wrapped it up and
attached it below my testicles, pulling the wrap snug, twisting it like
you would a twist tie, and then tucking the ends into the ring of wrap
she’d created. Then my she’d begun to work on me.

I’ve described how Lydia wraps before, many layers and crossed wrap
at angles to ensure her victim won’t be going anywhere. I won’t bother
you with those details again. Over time, she’d gotten quite good at it
and I rapidly lost my mobility, though not my voice. I joked and make sarcastic
comments, feeling as naughty as I was behaving. Lydia was laughing and
sometimes responding, but with the earplugs in I couldn’t hear unless she
looked up at me and spoke quite loudly. Finally, I’d fallen to the low
of the dramatic “Oh, woe is me!” and she’d had enough. Only my head and
feet were untouched by the wrap at this point though she was in the process
of finishing off one of her crossing wraps. She let the roll fall to the
floor and went back to the pile of toys, throwing me a look as she did.

She returned with the breather gag we’d bought a while ago. My sinuses
aren’t the best in creation and medication can make you have to go pee
suddenly, give me a headache, or make me go so dry that I just had to use
a safeword (safe grunt, I guess – it was humming “Row, row, row your boat”
into the gag) to get some liquid into my system. This solved a myriad of
problems with a short tube surrounded by and inflatable bulb. She shoved
the bulb in my mouth, leaning close to my ears as she said, “If you can’t
enjoy my conversation, I’m certainly not going to listen to yours.” Then
the bulb was inflated to just the right tension and another roll of wrap
was used to secure it in place.

Most times, when Lydia wraps me up she uses a blindfold. The isolation
is great, but sometimes it’s fun to be forced to watch your mistress do
whatever she wishes while you sit there and struggle to be a part of the
action. This time, she decided against the blindfold and let me watch as
she finished the wrapping job. Once a few more crosses and turns were in
place, she reinforced my bindings with duct tape and stepped back to admire
her creation.

I squirmed for her and mmmppphhheed through the gag. She just smiled
at me coyly and walked back over to me, triggering the remote that she
must have hidden in her pocket as her finger touched my erection. “You
might be here a while, you know. I might want to re-introduce you to Jane
and Debbie in just this state.”

I groaned, wishing she hadn’t reminded me of what was to come, but also
wishing she would leave me this way for a while. I often like extended
sessions while mummified, but Lydia hasn’t been too keen to leave me this
way. She knows we have many ways to keep things safe even if she wants
to go to another room, but says the distraction of knowing that she has
me this way would be too much for her to do anything else effectively.
I thought that was sweet, but wished she’d try anyway.

She turned me slowly so that my back was toward the bed, then pushed/guided
me down and swung my legs over after I was safely situated. The vibrator
was turned off, and she knelt on the floor next to my head and said, “Maybe
I’ll just clean up in here for a while.”

I squirmed and struggled, groaned and moaned, and generally had a marvelous
time exploring the absolute confines of the wrapping as she put away clothes,
neatened papers, straightened books, and put the remote to good use whenever
she damn well felt like it. All I could do was watch or not, completely
at her mercy. And she reveled in the power, glancing over at me with a
wicked grin every so often, then pouting at me as though in sympathy. I
loved it.

She kept this up for a long while (for her). I tried to avoid glancing
at the clock since not knowing how long I’d been like this was part of
the turn on. But I couldn’t stop myself. Forty-five minutes had passed
and I was as hard as when she’d started the job. It was approaching two
o’clock now, just about an hour before her friends were supposed to call.
She sauntered towards me holding the feather duster she’d been using and
brushed it against my erection teasingly. I arched my back in response,
the sensation the first physical contact she’d made with me since dropping
me on the bed. She bent down to kiss my neck, then moved so that I could
clearly hear her without having to shout.

“I feel like some ice cream. Should I get you anything?”

I groaned and struggled as best I could but even with the sweat that
had made some of the wrap feel slick I couldn’t budge. There was enough
around me, it was pulled quite snug, and the tape made the job even more
impossible. She dropped the feather duster next to me saying what sounded
like, “I might want that later,” and walked out of the bedroom.

She returned too quickly and didn’t have any ice cream in her hands.
She was giving me “the look” as she walked over to the bed and straddled
me, she still fully clothed. She leaned close enough that I could hear
clearly, staring me straight in the face as she said, “Your tirade ruined
perfectly good ice cream, you naughty boy. Now I’ll have to wait to get
some more and for that, you’ll obviously have to be punished.”

She remained where she was as she slid a hand inside her pants and began
to toy with her nipple with the other. She closed her eyes and rocked ever
so slightly, her jeans feeling very rough against the head of my penis
when they came into contact. I squirmed under her and she smiled without
opening her eyes. She left her nipple alone and used that hand to support
herself as she said as quietly as she could without making it impossible
to hear, “Oh, no, my naughty boy. You’re going to wait.”

And wait I did. She took her time as she toyed with herself, slowly
stripping and continuing to tease herself. The remote came out of her pocket
and was activated, causing me to squirm and groan, which only caused her
to roll over as she removed her bra so that I could watch her that much
better. I looked towards the ceiling and tried every muscle in my body.

As she reached for her underwear, having shed the rest of her clothing,
she leaned toward me and said “No sweets for either of us, slave. Not until
I’m satisfied.”

I’d longed for this type of session. Prolonged helplessness for me,
whatever her fancy brought to mind for her. If I hadn’t known that her
friends who I, at best, could barely stand were due to arrive soon, I’d
have begged for her to leave me this way as long as she felt like it. Of
course, the gag would make that hard to do as well.

She continued, adding her favorite vibrator to the mix and reaching
for the bullet to stimulate her clitoris. I glanced at the clock as I groaned
with pleasure and anticipation, noting with a bit of concern that we were
down to about forty minutes of private time left. When I looked back, she
was watching me as she reached her peak, smiling as she grew flushed and
panted in excitement. The time suddenly seemed less important.

As she turned off her toys, she fired up mine and left it on. She leaned
against me as she removed the vibrator and asked, “Ready to please me now?
And it had better be good, ‘Demo Man.’”

If she could have seen it, I’d have been grinning as she recalled the
night we met. She moved over me again and we repeated the scene of the
night she’d first returned. Only this time I was her personal, life-sized
vibrator since she never switched the remote off. That hastened the end
slightly, but it didn’t bother me and didn’t seem to bother her.

As my erection faded, she moved off me and switched off the remote.
I struggled feebly and she grinned as she said, “I’ll be right back.” She
sauntered out of the room, swaying her hips with exaggerated motion to
remind me of my helpless state. When she came back, she had a large glass
of ice water and a pitcher for refills. The funnel she carried surprised
me a bit, but she put it over the edge of the breathing tube and said loudly,
“Nod to start and stop, OK?”

I was a bit confused, but I did as I was told and managed to give the
cues at the right time to be able to drink without choking. When I finally
nodded to her “Had enough,” she’d taken a drink from the glass herself,
then set both pitcher and glass on the nightstand.

That’s when the phone rang and she went to answer it, climbing over
me, then lying so she faced me as she grabbed the cordless handset and
answered. She was close enough that I could clearly hear her side of the
conversation.

“Debbie! How was the flight? Yes, it is a bit early, isn’t it? No, I’ve
just been working around the house and I had to run for the phone. That’s
why I’m out of breath. Hmmm? They lost a bag? Oh, they lost and found a
bag and it’s coming on the next flight? How long is that? 45 minutes? No,
no go ahead and wait for it, dinner hasn’t even gone in the oven yet since
you’re at least a half hour away without traffic. Do some shopping and
give me a call when you’re on your way. I can keep busy. It’ll be great
to see you too. And I’ve got some news you’ll like to hear. Right. Right.
That’d ruin it, wouldn’t it? I’ll tell you sometime tonight, I promise.
Call when you’re on your way. I can’t wait, and I’ll see you soon.”

As she hung up, she triggered the remote again and smiled at me devilishly.
“I guess I get to follow through on my evil plan. I looked at her questioningly,
but she just grinned and kissed my neck, then quickly pulled her clothing
back on. I struggled a bit and groaned – the vibrator had hit the annoying
stage – but she just patted my head and said, “Don’t move. I won’t be gone
a moment.”

She returned several moments later with a bucket in her hand, and walked
into the closet next to me, turning on the light as she passed the switch.
I wondered what the hell was going on as she was in there a minute, then
she reappeared with a Cheshire cat-like smile across her face. Despite
my questioning grunts, she ignored me and headed for the scissors and other
supplies. She grabbed the scissors and began to cut from my feet towards
my head, which was a bit unusual – she usually started by the hole she
left around my penis. When she reached my knees, she stopped and began
cutting at a ninety degree angle as far as she could until the be stopped
her from completely freeing my legs from just above my knees down.

She laughed at my confused look, then pulled the blindfold from her
pocket. I hadn’t noticed it when she’d walked in, though it had to be visible.
This wasn’t the flimsy sleep mask I’d used on her before, but a much larger
padded blindfold. This one was quite broad and had convex depressions in
it so I could blink my eyes. My contacts made that a requirement so that
they didn’t dry out and become completely unbearable. I lifted my head,
though I was unsure why we were doing this now. My stomach suddenly decided
it was time to grumble loudly, and I realized I’d managed to accidentally
skip lunch.

She’d obviously heard the noise as well, and laughed a bit as she leaned
into me and asked, “Did you eat?” I shook my head and thought I heard her
say, “Good,” but couldn’t be sure.

Then Lydia levered me up off the bed, helping me to my feet. With the
short steps that the remaining wrappings allowed, she steered me into the
closet, not bothering to disguise our destination. Once there, she turned
me around and told me “Don’t move.”

I felt the wrapping start again, just over my hands and back down towards
my ankles. She was as thorough as ever, even though she was covering a
much smaller portion of my body. When she was done, I felt her move away
and made questioning sound. The response I received was a gentle pressure
pushing me slowly backward. I took the mini steps I could until I was stopped.

The walk-in closet by the bedroom has a custom built storage system
that must have been built with abuse in mind, which made sense giving the
fact that this had been a rental. The metal was very solid metal tubing,
welded to firm metal racks that looked a bit like the ones you’d see in
a large bakery. The racks started just above the top of my head, which
meant that there was a post just tall enough for me right in the middle
of the closet. That post was what ceased my motion.

I thought I heard a giggle as I felt the wrapping start again. My erection
started to come back to life as she secured me to the post, confident that
it would support my weight. I was sure she was right, and thus could let
the situation take over for me. She reached my fit rapidly, and I could
feel her tear off what remained of that roll.

I was concerned at first – the pole was plenty strong, which I knew
because I’d actually fallen into it once and bounced right off it as though
I’d just run into a brick wall. But only one layer of wrap? That wouldn’t
keep me here if I fell. I was worried needlessly. The sound of duct tape
being unwrapped is unmistakable and penetrated the earplugs without difficulty.
The strapping started at my shoulders and continued barbershop pole style
down my body and then back up to my shoulders again. It was snug and secure,
but not tight enough to pull me tightly against the pole. I figured that
was good news, as it could have gotten uncomfortable.

Then she’d removed my blindfold and smiled broadly as she started unwinding
the wrap holding in my gag.

“What are you doing?” I’d asked once she was finished and she’d just
laughed.

“I’m living up to a promise,” she said, then she’d walked away, whistling
merrily to herself. I took the opportunity to try to see what was in the
bucket, but really couldn’t see much over the rim. It looked like there
was some hose, but I couldn’t really tell. As I strained to see, she returned
with a bowl of soup and a TV tray. I hadn’t realized she was gone that
long, and was about to speak when she told me to be quiet and began to
feed me. I obliged, since I was quite hungry, though it was only broth
without any meat or noodles.

When the bowl was empty, she’d rapidly stuffed the gag back in my mouth
and re-inflated it. “You can probably spit that out, but you’ll regret
it if you do.” My erection had started to fade as I ate, but returned as
she asserted her authority once again.

Then she began to pull things from the bucket. There was, indeed, some
hose, left over from when I’d installed the drip irrigation system to cut
down the water bill and be a better human to the environment. It was the
stuff that didn’t have the irrigating holes in it for getting the water
to and from the zones with plants. A small piece of PVC pipe came out as
well, one end narrowing to a much smaller opening than the other. That
must have been in the garage somewhere, though I didn’t recall ever having
bought it. Then came two sets of hose clamps (circles of steel with a screw
that can pull quite tightly to make joins between a hose and a source or
drain tight enough to be waterproof) and two unlubricated condoms.

I looked at her with a very confused stare, but she wasn’t paying attention
as she opened the condoms. I’d bought them while single so that my occasional
forays into self-bondage (always with rope) would allow me to get naked
without making a complete mess of everything. Now she placed one inside
the other, and rolled them both over my erection without saying a word.
She was deep in concentration as she adjusted them, leaving almost two
inches hanging from the edge of my penis.

Realization began to dawn when she snipped the end off of them, slid
a hose clamp over the end, and grabbed the PVC piping. As she tightened
the hose clamp with a screwdriver that appeared from the bucket, I realized
she was rigging up a way for me to urinate. The hose clamp sealed the condoms
tightly to the pipe, but she apparently wanted to make sure so she retrieved
the pitcher from the other room and poured a bit of water in. I shuddered
when she did, and she’d smiled as she put the pitcher down and grabbed
the bucket to empty the water.

“Figure it out yet?” she asked with that devilish grin on her face.
I nodded and she laughed. She must have known that I’d figure it out eventually.

She went back to ignoring me as the second hose clamp went over the
actual hose, then fitted it to the small PVC pipe. The end of the hose
went into the bucket and suddenly I could go without being released. I
closed my eyes and moaned deeply. I could barely hear her laugh as I did.
Then I felt her hair brush my shoulder and heard her say, “You’ve always
asked me to leave you for a long time, and I did promise to keep your contact
to a minimum. You wouldn’t want me to break that, would you?”

She left momentarily and returned with some string. The weight of her
improvised penis extension was pulling my penis towards the floor, which
wasn’t particularly comfortable, The string solved that as she tied it
to the piece of PVC and pulled it so that it wouldn’t pull any further
than was comfortable. When I did pee, I’d end up with a bit staying in
the “pipe,” but that was about the best we could do.

That sorted out, she grinned again and kissed my cheek as she walked
out of the closet again. She returned with an Ethernet cable in her hand,
and showed me as she snipped the tab carefully and cleanly from the end.
While it could be inserted into a jack now, it would come out without much
effort at all. The bedroom closet was a good location for me to run cables
for the kitchen, living room, and bedroom, so there was a switch behind
me and to my right to terminate those connections. She pulled out the small
step-stool we use to reach the shelves more easily, and stood on it as
she pulled the switch over to be directly behind me. She measured the cable,
then got down and let the gag deflate.

“Any last requests from the condemned,” she said before she kissed me.

“I honestly don’t know what to say…” I began. She laughed, then kissed
me again before the gag found it’s home one more time. This was followed
by the blindfold, which was followed by wrap to keep both in place. Then
I felt duct tape being applied to the sides of my head and I grunted and
groaned in confusion while shaking my head.

Her breath hit my neck as she moved close to be heard. “Be still or
you’ll screw me up.”

I stopped moving and felt some slight tugging, then loosening of that
tape. Finally, it seemed loose when Lydia pushed gently on the back of
my head until the tape tightened. The other hand stopped my motion and
pushed my head back to upright. I felt something touch the top and back
of my head, then more tape over that.

I was completely confused now, but couldn’t do anything about it. I
made some questioning groans, feeling Lydia brush against me a bit as she
continued to do something. Then I heard her laugh her satisfied laugh.

Her voice returned to my right ear, her hand to my cock which immediately
responded. “OK, hun. You’ve asked me for this and I’ve never obliged. Well
now you’ll get your wish. That tape on the sides and top of your head is
to define your range of motion. I’ve got that cable I ruined taped to your
head. Pull hard enough to cause that tape to pop or fall asleep or unconscious
and you’ll pull the cable right out. I’m monitoring that port on that wonderful
little utility you wrote and it’ll call my cell phone every thirty seconds
the moment you do. So if anything’s going wrong, just pull hard forward
with your head and I’ll be here in a jiffy.”

She kissed my neck as she brought me back to excitement, the remote
now coming into play. She toyed with me a bit more, then returned her head
close to my ear. “I’ve pumped the air in here way up and I’ll leave the
door open so that you don’t get too hot. Besides, the sweat might give
you a means to escape and we couldn’t have that.”

I answered with a groan and heard her chuckle before she moved away.
I felt her placing something around my feet, and figured out that it was
a blanket. With the air turned way up, she didn’t want them getting too
cold, which struck me as being almost inappropriately sweet. Then she pulled
out the wrap and sealed the remaining skin around my neck in wrap very,
very loosely to the pole. I tested and could still pull the duct tape taught
without reaching the end of that wrap, and heard her say “Yes, my slave.
I’ve thought of just about everything. Now remember that there will be
two women you don’t like much in the other room before you pull that cord.
I’ve got my phone with me, but I absolutely must have a shower. Be good
for me, hmmmm?”

And that was how she left me. This deviant genius has made a fantasy
I’d expressed finally come true in a most dramatic and appealing fashion.
I pulled and shifted and struggled but couldn’t gain any traction against
the duct tape that held me to the pole. The air was cool enough to keep
me from getting too warm, but the effort heats me up until I have to stop
or become uncomfortable.

I’ve urinated twice, and both times the “penis extender” seems to have
functioned without a flaw. I figure that means that I’ve been here close
to six hours, but I’ve no reference. When Lydia visits, which she’s done
five times now, she toys with me until I’m hard again, then makes sure
the condoms are still quite secure about my shaft. I’ve kept the groaning
to a minimum since I don’t want to be overheard – even though I know the
walls are good at knocking down noise, I’m taking no chances. She’s laughed
at me, shared how hot she feels knowing that I’m here and how hard it’s
been to focus on the conversation. But the occasional flicks of the remote
and the fact that she hasn’t pushed her friends towards their rooms and
bed tells me she’s enjoying herself pretty immensely.

I don’t know how long it’s been since the last visit, but the remote’s
seen some decent activity lately and the vibrator’s managed to get me excited
rather than annoyed. Hopefully, that means the conversation is coming to
an end out there, but it could just mean that the wine has made her more
playful.

And me? I’m alone again, and that suits me just fine for now…
