---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hitchhiker
authors:
- Mark Bryant
tags:
- F/m
- shrink
- giantess
- tease
- mast
- climax
- insert
- swallow
- digest
- absorbed
- reluct
- soft
- X
date: 2007-03-06 00:00:00
---

My roommate kicked me out of my apartment, I don't know why.
I do know I have no place to stay. So I decided to take a long
drive out in the country. I had been driving for a few hours
when I saw someone on the side of the road. As I approached I
noticed it was a beautiful young lady in her mid twenties and
she was hitchhiking! Wow, maybe my luck was changing. I
pulled off to the side of the road to pick her up. People say
it is dangerous to pick up hitchhikers but they're not here to
see this lady. What could she possibly do to me ?

Long reddish-blond hair cascaded down her back. She wore a
short skirt, tie top exposing her flat belly. I stopped the
car. She walked over and leaned in the window. Hypnotic
green eyes consummed me.

"Could you give me a ride?" she asked.

I nodded and opened the door. As she stepped into the car
I saw long perfectly shaped legs covered by a pair of black
thigh high nylons who's tops peaked out from under her skirt
bottom as she sat.

"Where to?" I asked.

"It really doesn't matter. I'm out exploring."

I shrugged my shoulders and began driving.

"My name is Mark. What's yours?"

"I am Kathy. Nice to meet you Mark."

"So what happened? Your car break down or something?"

"No just wandering around hoping to meet someone
interresting to give me a ride. And why are you driving
on this deserted road?"

"Well I have no where to go and no place to stay so I
have been driving around trying to figure out what to do."

"If you would like to you can stay with me."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes, of course I am. And you can stay forever if you
would like." She smiled licking her sexy lips.

"O.K. then yes I'd like to stay with you."

I couldn't believe my luck. Not only do I now have a
place to stay but I can stay as long as I'd like.

"While you were exploring did you happen to come
across some place to eat ? I am real hungry and somewhat
lost." I asked her.

Kathy's stomach growled in response. She reached into
her handbag, pulled out a sandwich, unwrapped it and
handed it to me.

"Thanks. Do you have another one in there for
yourself or do you want to share this one?"

"Oh no, this sandwich is all yours."

"Thanks but what are you going to eat?"

"Don't worry about me. I'll catch something later."
she said grinning.

"O.K. if you are sure."

"Yes quite sure."

I ate the sandwich and kept driving. Wow, the
sandwich tasted great. Not only was she beautiful but
she made a killer sandwich. She watched me and smiled.

After a half hour passed I started feeling strange.

"I'm not feeling that well. If you don't mind,
I'm going to pull off to the side of the road for a few
minutes."

"That's fine. I hope it wasn't the sandwich."

"No I'm sure it wasn't. That was the best sandwich
I have ever eaten."

"That's good. I'm glad you enjoyed it."

I pulled off onto a side road and stopped the car.
I got out of the car and stretched. Kathy also got out
and walked around to where I was. She watched me
smiled then slowly ran her tongue over her full moist
sexy lips.

I smiled back at her and thought, "This lady wants me."

I had been so mesmerized by Kathy's eyes I hadn't
noticed how tall she was. I reached only to her shoulder
level. Funny she seemed shorter a while ago. She
watched me and I her. Kathy was growing rapidly. Then I
realized, Kathy is not growing, I'm shrinking!!! By time
I reached this realization I was only two feet tall and
still shrinking. I tried to move, to run, but I was
paralyzed, maybe from fear or maybe design.

"What is happening to me," I asked Kathy.

She stood there watching in anticipation. Within only
three minutes the shrinking process stopped. I was in
darkness. At first I had thought that I had passed out
and dreamt the whole experience. After all this type
of thing only happens in science fiction or fantasy
movies. A hot feeling came over me. I realized
where I was and the reason for the darkness. I was in
my own clothes which seemed like a large circus tent.
Well at least I was alive. I worked my way through the
massive pile of clothes to an exit. Fresh air, what a
relief.

I looked around. Next to me was a giant tire of my car
and something else that I could not immediately recognize.
A giant leather thing which gave off a faint smell of
feet. I shuttered as I started to look upward and
realized that I was only two inches tall and the leather
thing was Kathy's shoe. My eyes slowly moved up her now
massive body. Her shoes were the closed kind with the
strap across the top of her foot. Her shaply legs
loomed above me as giant redwood trees of northern
California. Her long blond hair slightly blowing in the
breeze. Her beautiful face looking down on me. I then
realized that this beautiful woman could do anything
she wanted to me and I could do little to stop her.
I made an attempt to run to safety. It started to get
dark almost like a solar eclipse. I looked over my
shoulder and saw Kathy squatting down and reaching
for me. She caught me around my chest with her fingers.
What I had feared had come to pass, I was totally at her
mercy. She lifted me so rapidly that my ears popped
due to the change of altitude. Soon I was looking
into one of her giant green eyes which to me was like
a giant green pond.

"Hello Mark. I guess you are wondering what will
happen next?"

I slowly nodded, not sure I really wanted to know
the answer.

"You remember I told you that you could stay with me?
Well welcome to your new home."

Kathy tilted her head back, opened her cavernous mouth.
Her hot breath washed over my body. She lowered me
towards her mouth. I looked below me and saw that
her mouth was salviating in anticipation of my arrival.
I had no doubt what my future held. I thought if I
could delay her somehow, maybe I could figure a
way to escape. One thing was certain, if I couldn't
delay her within seconds I would be digested alive in
her stomach, providing she didn't chew me first.
Either way I would have no hope for escape.

I yelled to Kathy as load as I could, "If you are
going to devour me anyway, could I at least have a
few last requests. Besides don't you want to savor
the situation for awhile?"

Kathy only responded by tilting her head forward and
placing me on her tongue with my head facing out ward.
I felt her hot breath and warm saliva engulf me.
She slowly pulled her tongue into her mouth. She
then brought her arm up to her mouth, why I didn't
know and it wasn't my main concern at the time.
I however couldn't help noticing the hair on her
arms glistening in the sunlight. As she slowly
closed her mouth, I thought the sight of her arms
would be the last thing that I would ever see.
I felt my member grow hard as her lips sealed
shut cutting off my only exit and leaving me alone
in the moist darkness of her mouth. She rolled
me around in her mouth like she was sucking on a
piece of hard candy. This was too much for me to
take, I errupted giving me the best orgasm I've
ever had and given my situation, probably my last.

To my surprise, Kathy opened her mouth and gently
slid me onto her arm. She brought me up to her
face and licked her lips.

"God Mark, you tasted fantastic. I considered
what you asked for and decided it would be
entertaining for me to grant these last requests.
So for now my belly will wait. But it won't
wait for long, so tell me your requests are."

I took a deep breath and thought for a while.
I assumed a woman such as her must shave her
legs and for her to grow leg hair would take at
least a few days. During this time I could
figure out how to make my escape. I knew I
couldn't allow her to suspect that I was buying
time because if she did, well I didn't want to
go there.

Finally I spoke," O.K. Kathy here are my
requests. I want to smell your feet."

"Granted. Next."

"I want to feel the hair on your arms."

"Granted."

I was now ready to put my plan into action.

"I want to feel the hair on your calves."

"Granted."

That was not the answer I had expected but
what the hell, the plan was working. I had
out smarted her and I had my extra time.

"O.K. then let's get started, you are on my
arms so feel."

I did and I must admit I enjoyed feeling the
long fine hair that seemed to go on forever.
I found myself getting hard again. Kathy
saw my hardened member. She turned me over
with her tongue and started to lick it gently.
Several times she almost sucked me back into
her mouth. It didn't take me long to come,
wow it felt good. Then she gently spit on
me covering my entire body in the hot foamy
warmth of her saliva. She exhaled her hot
breath on me. The combination of her breath
and salvia created a pleasant odor. I raised
my head above her salvia to breath. As I did
I saw giant fingers reaching for me.

Kathy took me off her arm with her fingers. I
looked down and saw the wet area on her arm,
the only evidence of what I had just
experienced. She moved me slowly down her body.
With her other hand she pulled open the top of
her nylon and place me inside. She then gently
pulled on her nylon causing me to slid further
down her leg. Slowly but steadily I was sliding
past her knee to her lower leg. Hair! I was
terribly wrong! She didn't shave her legs
after all. I laughed to think how dumb my
plan had been. The wise words of some
unknown author "To assume makes an ass of
you and me" rang in my head. I stopped
laughing after it hit me, I would not have
the few days I had planned on. Kathy sat
down in the driver's side of the car with
her legs hanging outside of the car. She
crossed her left leg over me. I could feel
the weight of her leg squeezing me into her
other leg. I felt as if I was being
engulfed by her legs. I could barely breath.
Soon she uncrossed then recrossed her legs,
right ontop of left. She bent over and looked
at me trapped between her nylon and leg. She
licked her lips and smiled.

"Not long now."

I knew she was right. I had only one more
last request for her to grant then it would
be over. I tried to develop another plan for
escape. The last of my requests were about
to be granted, the smelling of her feet. I
reasoned that she would take off her nylon,
being that would be the only way she could get
to me, then place me in her shoe. When she
did that I might have my chance for escape.

What Kathy did next shot to hell another
one of my plans. She uncrossed her legs
and took off her left shoe. Slowly she
moved her smelly nylon clad foot towards me.
As her foot got closer, the aroma got
stronger. Soon her foot was upon me. It
covered my entire body. It was not long
before the strong fumes overwhelmed me
and I started to sink into unconsciousness.
Oh well, at least I will be unconscious
when I slide down Kathy's throat to her
waiting digestive acid. I fell into
oblivion never expecting to wake up.

I awoke sometime later. I checked my
surroundings. I was still on her hairy
leg but the nylon was off. Obviously I
had not been swallowed yet.

"I thought you'd never wake up. I
know you couldn't feel my leg hair
while my nylon was squeezing you against
my leg. So go ahead and do it now."

I looked at the leg hair surrounding me.
It was fine, soft and very blond. It
was like being in a field of golden grain.
I began to feel the hair and soon got
aroused. This time I came before Kathy
realizes that I was was hard.

"O.K., I satisfied my part of the
agreement. Now it's your turn."

"Now it's my turn to have fun," Kathy said
smiling.

She gently took me off her leg and laid across
the front seat of the car. She pulled her skirt
down to her ankles and placed me on her
belly. I felt the rumbling from inside excited
in anticipation of my arrival. She then pulled
down her panties.

"Now you will do something for me. Make me
come!"

"But that's impossible at my size," I
explained.

"Don't make me angry. Be creative."

I walked down her belly to her pussy. Her blond
pubic hairs were like a jungle which I made my
way through. Kathy had been playing with
herself and I could smell her sex fluid. I
approached her clitoris and began rubbing my
entire body against it, she began moaning.
The opening to her vagina was swelling as I
continued rubbing myself against her. Kathy
gave off a load moan and arched her body upward.
I was knocked off my feet. I tried to get up
but I couldn't, something was holding me tight
from my waist down. I looked down and wished
that I hadn't. I had sunk up to my waist into
Kathy's vagina. She was too excited to notice
my dilemma. Then she came and with each ripple
I was sucked deeper into her. When I had been
consumed up to my neck I mused at the thought,
she couldn't swallow me alive now because her
pussy had beat her to it. One last groan
and with a load slurp I was completely swallowed
by her pussy. It was hot, moist and dark. Here
I may be crushed or suffocated but I would be
spared the horror of being digested alive.
Just as the lack of air was starting to effect me,
Kathy's pussy opened and I was lifted out.

"Not so fast. I have other plans for you."

Kathy set me on her arm again and brought me up
to her face. She placed a pair of those
flashlight glasses on her arm next to me.

"What are the glasses for?"

"It is dark were you will be going and I don't
want you to miss anything. Put them on."

I didn't see much harm in it other then I would
look like a geek and that didn't matter now.
I put the glasses on.

She then layed a piece of thread next to me.
To me it was like a thick rope.

"Grab onto the rope," she commanded.

"Why?"

"I want to give you a little ride."

"And what if I don't want a ride?"

Kathy shrugged her shoulders and slowly raised
her arm to her mouth, tilted her head back and
rotated her arm causing me to side toward her
mouth. I grabbed onto one of her arm hairs
and hung there dangling over her gaping maw.
I could feel her hot breath engulfing my body.
I looked down and could see her salivating.
I could see down her thoat, dark and wet.

"What parts of my body do you want to norish?"

I was surprized by the question.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"What parts of my body do you want to become part of?"

"How could you control something like that?"

"Well, while I am digesting you I will exercise the
parts of my body that you select. After I have
compleatly digested you, you will norish those parts
of my body. So what parts!"

I figured if I was to become part of her any way why
not select what I was to be absorbed by.

"Your arms, legs, feet and body hair."

"O.K., but I don't know about my body hair, but I
guess if you become part of my arms and legs, you
will probably grow on me."

She laughed. I didn't.

"Well, when are you going to let go?"

"I'm not. I'm going to hang here for as long
as I can."

"Why, we both know that you are only prolonging
the inevitable. Here let me help."

She spat on me and I could feel her salvia causing
me to slowly slide down the hair shaft. I looked
down to figure out what I could grab onto to stop
my decent to Kathy's belly.

I saw Kathy's uvula. If I could reach it and hold on
to it I would be safe, for a while at least. I soon
slid to the end of the hair shaft and fell into her mouth.
I grabbed her uvula and hung on for dear life. She
closed her mouth and swallowed. I felt her salvia rushing
below me and down her throat with the force of Niagra
Falls. I was safe for now but for how long? I got my
answer all too soon. Kathy realized that I was still in
her mouth and coughed. The force tugged me from my perch
and I fell onto her tongue. I tried to get my footing
but couldn't. She sucked on me, getting as much flavor as
she could from my body. Her mouth opened which suprised
me. She brought her foot close to her mouth who's odor I
could smell over that of her salvia. She then put her
arm by her mouth then finally her leg. She kept her
mouth wide opened. I could feel my member getting hard
again. Kathy's tongue ungulated below me and I felt
myself being raised to the roof of her mouth. I reached
my climax just as Kathy's throat muscles grabbed me and
pulled me helplessly down towards her stomach.

With the lit headband Kathy gave me, I watched as the
group of her throat muscles below me relaxed and the
muscle group above me contracted tugging me down her
throat. After what seamed like forever I saw the giant
cavern that was Kathy's stomach. The last group of her
throat muscles relaxed and I was in her belly. The
sound I made when I hit was not unlike that of a fish
flopping in a boat after being caught. My body still
quivering from the force of my orgasm which lasted all
the way down to Kathy's stomach. I looked around and
saw that I had missed the pool of acid that had been
made ready for me. I had been spared for now. Maybe
I would just suffocate. Then Kathy's stomach lurched
and started churning which caused me to be hurled into
the digestive acid. I realized that Kathy was
exercising like she told me she would. I was amidst
the churning stomach acid and could see my body start
to dissolve. To my surprise there was little pain
only ecstasy.

Kathy rumbled, "Mark, how are you doing down there
in my belly ? Don't worry you won't be there long.
I have very strong stomach acids but I guess you
found that out by now."

I couldn't answer her as darkness overcame me. Over
the next four hours Kathy completely digested me.
Her arms, legs and feet absorbed me and I became
part of them.

I regained consciousness. How was this possible.
I am part of Kathy now but I am still aware. I am
totally helpless to do anything but oh God I am
still conscious and aware!!! Then the true terror hit
Kathy not only absorbed my body but my SOUL as well!!!

THE END
