---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Training of Slave Selena
authors:
- James W
tags:
- M/f
- MF/f
- D/s
- solo-f
- latex
- catsuit
- enema
- gag
- encased
- toys
- bond
- corset
- occlusion
- SBR
- piercing
- susp
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2009-04-26 00:00:00
---

Story continued from [Part 5](training_slaveselena5.html)

**Part Six**

**Chapter 11: Selena's Birthday Surprise**

At work on the Monday Selena’s happiness was obvious as she busied herself with the project. At lunch time she slipped out early dressed in her SBR all tightly buckled and wearing her riding boots; she was off on a mission.

Entering ‘Regulation’ in Islington she went straight to the gag display and sought out the pump up inflatable with a breathing hole through the middle. It had two straps each side which would allow for fasting to her latex helmet. She spent some time perusing the various clothing and items on display and was consumed with curiosity with some of the more esoteric items. She noted that she was running with vaginal juices and was glad she was wearing her latex pants.

Selena was excited it was her birthday week and James had arranged to meet up with her on the Thursday evening. He had invited her over to his flat for an intimate evening together. Now accustomed to her daily enema and meditations she was fast becoming a full blown slave. She habitually slept between latex sheets fully helmeted and gagged and when instructed would pull on her latex suit so she was totally encapsulated. Although she wanted total coverage her Master would not allow that unless he sanctioned it. Selena’s waist was now at its slimmest and she wore her corset easily. The constriction of earlier times had diminished. She was eager to meet up with James, both her lover and Master.

The computer screen held her Master’s instructions:

‘Slave,

Tomorrow , Wednesday , you are to complete your early morning rituals then dress in your double dildo pants, cat suit, special gloves which I have given you, corset and collar, you will wear street clothes over the top. You are to remain so dressed until you arrive home. Then you will shower, wash your suit etc. You will then redress once compete fit your helmet and breath through inflatable gag and nipple clamps. Wear these for at least an hour then keep a record of how long you wear them. You will remain so dressed except for the removal of your helmet tomorrow, until you report to me on Thursday evening. You are not to take pleasure.

Prepare yourself for a surprise. Now dress and enjoy.

Master.

Slave Selena did as instructed.

Pulling on the latex cat suit after her early morning ‘washout ‘ her long lithe limbs encased in the cool latex looked dammed good, even if she said it herself, she felt good and excited knowing that she would have to spend the day so dressed.

The addition of medical quality gossamer thin latex gloves caught her unaware, but she happily pulled them on; ‘after all, she was her Master’s slave. Over the top of her slave outfit Selena pulled on her normal warm clothes making sure that her latex wear was covered. A roll neck allowed for this. Her hands would remain on view ‘I will tell anybody who asks, that I’ve got an infectious rash and I’ve been advised to wear these gloves. That should satisfy the curious, anyway, I don’t care, and I love being dressed this way.’ A shudder went through her. ‘I’d love to be able to wear my helmet as well, but people just wouldn’t understand! Oh well, on with the show.’

She pulled on her rubber riding boots and SBR making sure that every strap and buckle was at its tightest. She was going to enjoy the next 36 hours. With that she cast a long look at herself in her hall mirror, noting the shiny black rubber of her perfectly prepared mackintosh with sou’wester covering her high collar and adding an air of mystery to the mackintoshed figure. Her waist was accentuated by the tight buckling and emphasised her ample breasts contained deep within the lancer fronted garment. As she closed the door of her flat she noted with a light heart that it was pelting down. She was in her element.

Returning to her flat after a hectic day she was feeling very sexually aware. The constant thrill of being enclosed from neck to toe in all covering latex, together with the ever present stimulation of her double invaders as well as the outward show of the gossamer thin latex gloves had changed her; the initial question from her friends at work had been easily answered. Never the less she was constantly reminded of her position as her master’s slave and by the heady aroma which wafted up form the roll neck of her outer wear.

Shaking off droplets from her soaking wet SBR Selena was pleased to be at her flat again. The heavy rain and high winds had tested her mackintosh, but not one drop had entered. Selena was both excited and happy, she had now spent over 12 hours fully dressed and the prospect of continuing under her Masters orders was quickening her pulse. Once undressed and standing in her rubber wear she went over to her drawer and taking her helmet she quickly swept her long auburn hair up into a bun and pulled on a black latex swimming cap before fitting her vinyl eyepiece helmet. Then she stepped onto the shower and took a lingering shower. Finally, she divested herself of her catsuit, pants and other wear and carefully washed the various intimate items.

Standing completely naked apart from the all covering helmet she bathed herself as instructed. She kept on the latex gloves and began caressing her engorged nipples. She took great pleasure from the erotic sensations as latex enclosed fingers pulled and squeezed. She knew she couldn’t take pleasure, but never the less she was going to go right to the precipice of lust. Unable to bear any further stimulation she stopped abruptly, panting and grinding her fecund hips. She so desperately wanted the release of taking pleasure, but she knew it was not to be; ‘after all’, she reasoned, ‘I’m my Masters slave, and I am trained to obey absolutely’. With that she stepped out of her shower and hung the various items up to dry.

Next she ambled over to her computer and switched on. Her heart leap as a further message from her Master appeared on the screen:

‘Slave’,

Before you read further, dress as directed.’ Slave ’S’ moved away from the screen.

Now fully dressed, she returned. Sitting at the computer she read further;

A dumb nod of the head said it all. Here was the independent lady of 33 now totally encapsulated in latex unable to make a sound under the complete control of he Master. She read on:

‘You are now experiencing again, the effect of full rubberisation or encapsulation. I know you will be enjoying the experience; you are now dressed as befits my slave. You have spent the last 24 plus hours properly dressed; the next 12 will be even better.’

I want you to look up the dictionary definition of both of these words because you will come to experience the meaning of them from now on. Think of yourself as my fully rubberised and encapsulated slave. You will now progressively come to know the full meaning of both of these words. Once you have completed the task, you are to send the meanings to me together with your thoughts.

After that you are to apply nipple clamps, noting the time and duration throughout the night. You will then retire to your latex bed and contemplate on your position as my latex slave.

In the morning you are to complete you kneeling meditation and enema. You will remain fully dressed until you leave for work. You will wear your entire outfit minus your helmet and travel to the embankment. I will meet you at Cleopatra’s needle at 7pm. You will, of course bring your helmet and gag, but nothing else.

Remember always, you are my slave.

Enjoy yourself,

Master.

Slave ‘S’ was Selena’s own invention; she came to that conclusion whilst meditating. Selena was her proper name of course, but ‘S’ reduced her to a cipher as befitted her position as her Master’s slave. Equally, it was the initial letter of the word ‘slave’ and she felt a thrill at that realisation. She hoped to speak to her Master about this if she was allowed.

Taking her shorter English Dictionary down from the shelf she found ‘encapsulation’ first, it read; ‘To enclose completely, surround contain; protect from outside contamination. ‘A complete process.’

Here was the statement which had her heart racing. ‘Yes, yes oh yes, this is what I want above all else I want to be encapsulated with only my Master having access to me. Every part of my body covered, enclosed completely, every orifice fitted.

With trembling fingers she thumbed through to ‘R’ then found ‘Rubberise.’

‘To impregnate with rubber; to immerse in a rubber solution resulting in an impermeable layer. A waterproofing process.’ There was no entry for ‘rubberisation’.

She smiled to herself but no outward sign would have been discernible. The enclosing helmet and inflatable gag saw to that. Never the less within her latex bondage a warmth generated deep within her found its way to the surface. She slid her bottom over her chair trying to engage her two intruders. Perceiving a clinging dampness within her all encompassing latex she was in heaven, but oh, so sexually frustrated.

She sent the dictionary meanings, as directed, and then wrote.

“The two words epitomise my deepest wishes and needs. Before I met you Master I was a secret fetishist enjoying wearing latex but not fully formed as a true rubberist. As you know I was looking for that special person who would allow and join in with my full sexual development, including my love of latex. Well, dear Master, you have, since our first meeting, channelled my fetishistic pleasures into a very more focused picture. I am now filly aware of just how much I need your total control of me together with both encapsulation and rubberisation. Both words crystallise my thoughts, wants and needs. Darling Master, I want to become your 24/7 latex slave. I am willing to give up my job, my present lifestyle and friends to become your full time slave. You see, she went on, I now realize that to become fulfilled I must follow my instinct wherever it leads me. Please consider what I have said.

I am now going to apply my nipple clamps, then, l as instructed, slide between latex sheets of my bed. Tonight I have much to contemplate on. I love the two special words, ‘encapsulation’ and ‘rubberisation’ they make me as randy as hell. I can’t wait to be with you tomorrow evening.

My slavish adoration, dear Master.

Your slave ‘S’

‘S’snuggled into her latex sheeted bed. The nipple clamps giving her the deep sexual thrill which she now loved to experience. It was as though her nipples were connected to her genital area, the initial pain on applying them quickly turned to pleasure which she eagerly took. It was painful after about an hour when the nagging squeeze of the clamps became painful. But ‘S’ enjoyed that as well, willing herself to extend her wearing them, ‘For the love of my Master, for the love of my Master.’ When she finally removed them, the sensation was intense and she had to bite into her gag to overcome the urgent desire to cry out.

Lying on her back content, covered from head to foot in shiny black latex ‘S’ was supremely happy she was in her element. The only thing missing was her beloved Master but she comforted herself with the knowledge that she would be with him soon. Blindfolded gagged impaled she writhed and wriggled letting the sexual tension build, but knowing that she was forbidden to take pleasure until she was with her Master and he instructed her. The nipple clamps combined with the front and rear plugs worked their own magic on her supine body. She contemplated on the possibility of becoming a 24/7 slave and gently, ever so gently drifted off to sleep, her nipple clamps still attached.

Her dreams were filled with erotic images, of her being trained as a slave by a cruel Master who always made her take just one step further than she thought possible; she was both apprehensive and excited at the same time. Then into her dreams came the sensation of having her nipples clamped whilst her arms were strapped firmly behind her. The pain was building, but she was unable to do a thing about it. Then in a moment she was conscious, her dreams left behind her, the reality of her own position very much in the forefront. She slid her blindfold up into her forehead blinked through her vinyl lens at her bed side clock and stretching out of her warm nest to gain a better view, noted the time 2.45am.

She was pleased with herself; she had put the clamps on at 10.00pm. This was her longest time! Gently she removed them, mutely crying out in pain as blood flowed back into her sensitive nipples, ‘wow, 4hours 45minutes a record,’ Then she brushed her nipples lightly with her gloved hand. The sensation had her gasping with pleasure. The exquisite pleasure/ pain mixture was exhilarating. She played with herself for a few minutes then when she was burning with desire she very carefully reapplied then .the pain was intense and she had to concentrate on her mantra but it soon reduced to a dull throbbing. She found the new clamping sensation underlined her masochism, she willed herself to continue. The time was 2.50 am. Then pulling down her blindfold she returned to her erotic contemplation of being a full time slave.

The alarm clock at 6am roused the recumbent form from its slumbers. Her nipples were very sensitive. She had managed to keep them on for most of the night; removing them only briefly when she couldn’t bear the pain any longer. Her Master would be pleased; she so wanted to show her commitment to increased training. She had, as directed, kept a detailed record of her clamping times.

Having completed her meditation she went immediately to her toilet. Removing her suit she completed her washout. She felt naked now without her clinging second skin.

It was her 34 birthday and she felt better than she ever had in her life. She was pleased that she had spent the night of her birthday completely covered in latex. This was a first for her. Now belted and strapped in her SBR she felt wonderful if somewhat tired. She was desperate to know what surprise her Master had for her.

The day passed slowly and she found it hard to concentrate on the task in hand. Her thoughts kept returning to her condition and to the e-mail she had sent. Would it scare or in some way annoy her lover and Master?

Carrying her helmet and gag in her bag she stepped out in to the growing darkness her sou’wester pulled on and tied under her chin; she wanted so much to wear her helmet, but your average person wouldn’t understand she reasoned. Arriving at the embankment early she relaxed and enjoyed the sights of the river, the water glistening and oily. Checking her SBR to make sure she was looking at her best; buckles, buttons, belt all pulled into their tightest, collar up; she felt good and was satisfied with her presentation. She had pulled on black latex gloves over her gossamer thin rubber gloves as well as an open faced hood; she had her long dark hair tucked neatly up under the hood. She hoped her Master would be pleased with her attire. Her sou’wester fitted her perfectly and the full brim hung down over the high collar of her mackintosh. She was ready for whatever befell her, eager to feel the strong arms of her lover enfold her and press bodies together.

It was dark now and she enjoyed seeing for the hundredth time, the reflected highlights dance across her jet black mackintosh. Standing quietly she let her mind drift to the surprise her Master had for her. She was excited, yet at peace with herself, she knew she would see her lover and Master very soon. The continuous slight constriction of her suit and corset together with the squeeze of her belt and the knowledge of being so enclosed all contributed to this feeling, she was warm and fully protected from the chill of the early evening.

Her thoughts returned to the bondage chair and her predicament as she literally hung upside down in her encapsulated form; she could feel again the ingress of the surprise enema then the slow but inexorable entry of her Master into her glistening vaginal entrance as she was brought to climax after climax. She shuddered at the thought; her juicy vaginal spasms gripping the deep intruder which had been inside her since her dressing instructions. ‘Master please come to me, I want you to enter and fill me.’ Yet knowing that she could control herself for however long her Master decreed. The meditation had strengthened her resolve. She took pleasure from the knowledge.

Then he was with her. He had been watching her for some tome enjoying the sight of his love quietly standing; the lights of the night showing her silhouetted form; starbursts glistening off her shiny black rubber mackintosh. He moved towards her from the front. She only saw him in the final few steps as she processed the visual information of her lover approaching. He was dressed similarly to her. He took her in his arms and pulled her towards him eager to feel her body against his. In an instant she threw her arms around his neck and they kissed open mouthed tongues entwining. They were together again and at one. Selena melted unto his arms her legs going weak. One booted foot lifting the long skirt of her mackintosh. Breaking off the kiss the two lovers smiled and looked deeply into each others eyes. Taking in a breath Selena‘s passion rose higher as she hung there enjoying the moment oblivious to anything but the urgent need to slack her sexual thirst.

James her Master was the first to speak; a rhetorical question, “Well, well, what have we here? I do believe a young novice slave in the making.” Then releasing her gently but still clutching her hands. He continued, “Let me take a good look at you, stand still slave.”

Slowly pacing around her still form, he took in the exquisite sight. Finally he spoke.” Yes, I see everything is tight and tidy and you have, in addition to my dressing instructions, put on black latex gloves over your flesh coloured ones and an open faced helmet. I can see you are a serious rubberist; but you have disobeyed me. I will decide what you wear and when.” His voice took on the cool voice of the Master. “Do you understand?”

“Yes Master.” She replied acknowledging his superiority. Then in one fluid movement slave Selena was enveloped in his arms again .She swooned. The two identically dressed figures happy in the reunion. Looking up into her Master’s dark eyes she wanted the moment to never end. They were both smiling their eyes shining with mutual love.

“Right slave, I’m going to whisk you back to my flat where I shall have my wicked way with you. Then I’ve got a surprise for you, one which I hope you will enjoy.

Stepping out of the private lift and returning to his penthouse, they hugged and kissed again before ceremoniously undressing each other. Standing together dressed in identical gleaming jet black latex cat suits he spoke.

“Right slave let me take you to the shower, those double intruders need removing so I can fill you myself.”

Of shiny black latex and the aroma of new latex redolent of psychosexual experiences since she was young. Pulling the garment out she whistled a long note; here in her hands was a fantasy realised. She had many weeks before as instructed told of her deepest wishes in an essay to her Master. Here it was the total suit. She held its limp folds in her hand; it demanded human animation to come to life. Now she understood why her Master had ordered her to strip. He had planned this; clever man.

“Darling Master, you clever man, this is just what I wanted! I thought my fantasy would remain just that. Thank you, thank you, thank you dear Master!” She moved towards him keen to show her pleasure.

James interrupted her, “First put your suit on then you can thank me properly.”

The slave emerged from the bathroom some time later. It was as though she had been spray painted in gleaming jet black shiny latex. Not a single crease could he discerned. Head to feet encapsulation, not a millimetre of skin exposed; integral feet, gloves and hood covered her. But at the crown of her head a long plaited pig tail emerged; plaited into the thick dark hair were latex strands. The eyes were covered with clear vinyl, the mouth emphasised by the anatomical shaped lips. There was an opening, but as her fantasy had described the mouth was filled with gossamer thin rubber. There was no permanent opening but a sealable soft tube at the back. Nostril tubes allowed for intake of air. At the crotch area a latex internal lining blanked off but for the smallest opening which was now sealed. This tube lined the slave’s vagina. There was a circular sealed opening at the rear. The suit was entered via zip openings across the shoulders and up each side of the slaves’ head. A small heart shaped silver lock threaded through two ‘D’ rings sealed the slave in to her new suit.

Slave ‘S’ looked and felt perfect. Now she desired above all to be dominated by her Master. She walked over to him and knelt before him in the classic slave position, head bowed. He buckled on her slave collar then attached a lead on it and gently pulled her up and took her to his latex sheeted bed. There he applied nipple clamps to her rigid nipples.

Lying on her back she accepted his manhood clad in a lubricated black condom. She was being entered, willingly violated but was inviolate sealed within her all encompassing fantasy latex suit. She could feel her Master but the two layers of gossamer thin latex prolonged the pleasure. This is what she deserved, she told herself, now fully into her fantasy role willing herself on to become the perfect subservient slave and as such; as a humble slave she was not fit to feel the skin of her Masters penis. She would, from now on at all times, be denied that pleasure; she would be sealed within, encapsulated, fully rubberized; gaining her own slavish pleasure from being used by or giving pleasure to her Master. The combination of her fantasy and the reality of the sensation were so intense she came immediately arching her back to receive the full force of her Master. The air whistling through the nostril holes in her sealed helmet.

She opened her eyes looking through the steamed up eye pieces to see her Master looking down on her, his strong arms lifting his chest off his charge the full weight of his hips bearing down to impale her deeply; his dark brown eyes open too focused on her . She wanted to cry out “I love you Master!” but the thin latex sack lining her mouth would allow no sound to pass instead she just lay there focusing on his eyes showing through his helmet. They seemed much larger framed by the jet black latex. Then she felt another orgasm building; the weight of his hips working their magic on her clitoris; the thin internal latex lining of vaginal prolonging the build-up. She was now in syncopation with her Master’s pulsing. She held her breath threw back her head and closed her eyes to intensify the pleasure. She could feel the throbbing of her Masters member. Then, like a tidal wave the orgasm began she was caught up in a maelstrom of unbridled force as Master and slave climaxed. Each lost to the passion, both seeking the cosmic union that only orgasm brings; they were entering another universe, where all was at one; lost, yet found, together in that eternal moment.

Then as the moment passed they were back in their physical bodies united, the Master deep within his slave, their second skin of latex separating yet uniting them in their pleasure. Slave ‘S’ sucking life giving air into her burning lungs mouth open sucking on the latex lining within her mouth but no air passing. She had had the best orgasm ever, she was sure she had entered paradise. Odd lines of poetry entered her mind,.. …‘A stately pleasure dome decree: where Alph, the sacred river ran through caverns measureless to man down to a sunless sea… ...For he on honey-dew hath fed, and drunk the milk of paradise.’ A smile crossed her face; she was spent, exhausted. The long slow build up; stewing as it were in her own juices over the last 36 hours had raised her to higher planes and now she had slacked her thirst and had drank at the pleasure well.

Her Master rolled off her then cradled her helmeted head in his arms. ”Slave, you have won my heart; I am deeply in love with you, you fascinate me. Now rest, lets relax for a while before the next birthday surprise.”

‘S’ knew she couldn’t speak, so She made her feelings known by non verbal means and touch. She communicated her pleasure by fluttering her eyes, irises large, dilated behind the vinyl lenses of her helmet. Then she knew exactly what she would do, she offered her latex lips to her Masters mouth The sensation of kissing was strangely exciting to her, she felt the warmth of the kiss and her Master’s tongue exploring her mouth but it was behind the barrier of thin latex which now separated her from her Masters flesh.

Again her fantasy was realised, she was quite literally encapsulated in her latex suit only her nostrils were open to the outside world. Slave ‘S’ was in her element. ‘I am a true rubber slave; rubberised completely as befits my position I am thrilled with my predicament, but realize that this is really only the beginning of another stage in my journey of fulfilment.’ Her mind now in a flood of ideas and images which she hoped would be realised by her strict Master. ‘I could stay like this for ever, to be the plaything of my Master or anyone he decides on giving me to; I am no longer independent I am now completely dependent on him for my existence.’ Thoughts were flashing through her mind. ‘I could be kept like this but tethered, bondaged, immobile unseeing, unhearing, unstimulated when not being used or played with, kept, in suspended animation at my Masters pleasure. My only pleasure being in knowing that I am his slave whilst the endless hours pass.’ The kiss ended and broke her racing thoughts.

Now resting quietly together on the latex sheeted bed the two lovers were at piece, content in the others company. ‘S’ was soon fast asleep. The excitement over the last two days together with her orgasms had taken their toll on her. James looked tenderly down on her sleeping form. He so wanted to give her his next surprise but that would have to wait for now. He quietly rose from the bed and disappeared in to his sitting room.

Selena’s sleep was punctuated with erotic images of the past few weeks, in one she was sealed into a suit of armour with permanent fixings, whilst fully rubberised underneath and left standing in an empty stately home entrance whilst many guests arrived for a Ball. In another, she was dressed in a black rubber dry suit with full scuba breathing apparatus and weighted down in a huge glass tank sipping air via a corrugated rubber hose able to see many people peering into her tank and pointing at her. Then gradually her air supply was reduced until she was gasping for air. It was at this juncture that she awoke and was surprised to find herself in her Master’s bed. She lay luxuriating in her new suit. Then stretched up and felt for the little padlock at the crown of her head. Touching it, gave her a thrill to know that she had no choice but to remain in her suit until her Master chose to release her, knowing full well, never-the–less, that she would rather die than come out of it now.

Her Master’s entrance into the bedroom still clad head to toe in jet black latex gave her that familiar thrill ‘yes, this was for real, not a waking dream.’ He climbed into bed beside her. He spoke, “You know you look fantastic in your new suit, even better than you in your wildest dreams could have had imagined. Your idea of having clear eye pieces was brilliant. The effect is stunning and the accentuated latex lips and mouth lining are amazing. I loved the sensation of kissing you but knowing you were sealed away. The plait hole in the top of your helmet makes you look very feminine and the clever plaiting of your lovely hair interweaving with the latex ribbons give a super finish. You know, I had thought of my slave being completely shaven headed but the plait is a must; Anyway, on to other things!”

With that he changed the subject to Selena’s birthday surprise. “Unbeknown to you, I have arranged that you will have tomorrow off from work because, my dear novice slave I am taking you to Amsterdam tomorrow afternoon for the weekend. However before that I have another surprise for you, but before that you will join me in the sitting room in celebrating your birthday by quaffing a glass of champagne and smoked salmon. Your new suit is a sealed suit as you know, but the mouth lining has, by your design a soft tube at the back of it which when unplugged will allow liquid to pass. This is how you will imbibe your champagne. Only your throat will feel the slight fizz you will taste nothing as befits your slave status”.

‘S’ as she considered herself now moved into the sitting room and allowed her Master to withdraw the latex bag from her mouth and open the sealed tube. Pushing it back into her open mouth was strangely erotic for ‘S’ again the control element was what had her fizzing. “Now open wide!”

‘S’ did as instructed and was made ready to receive her birthday drink. The smoked salmon was out of the question but ‘S’ was so elated the last thing she needed was food! Sipping from the crystal goblet was strange but very exciting for ‘S’ another fantasy realised she thought as the cold liquid drained directly into her throat. The cold sensation was new to her as the fizz flowed down her throat. It was the first time she had experienced the particular sensation, prior to this she had tasted both the flavour and felt the fizz in her mouth before she swallowed. She felt sure this l would not be the only time she would experience this sensation. By the time they had consumed the bottle she was quite tight. As she could not speak she made warm murmuring and sounds to communicate her pleasure. After a few attempts her Master held up his finger to his lips to silence his slave. He then handed her a small clip pad and biro. She took it and wrote’

‘Master, thank you, thank you, thank you for my exquisite new suit, I am so happy with it, it is just perfect! I love the little pad, I love you, I adore you, I worship you. Please train me as befits my new station. I am ready for anything!

Your abject slave,

‘S’

He read the message then blew a kiss to her; handing back the pad. By now the champagne had taken its toll in ‘S’s’ empty stomach and she wrote the following,

‘Master,

Have you considered my proposal I sent you last night? Please let me know!

You eager slave,

‘S.’

She knelt down assuming the correct slave position and with head bowed handed the pad back to her Master; then held her breath.

**Chapter 12: Stainless Steel Slave**

Taking the pad James read the note; his heart skipped a beat. Here was his lover the lady he had fallen head over heels in love with, whom he love beyond life and who also had an intense love of latex rubber; a true fetishist and who reciprocated his love. He couldn’t believe his luck. Here she was kneeling before him in supplication literally begging for an answer to her plea. He had been itching to tell her his innermost thoughts on the matter but now he saw, that her demeanour required a proper response; that of the Master. “Slave stand up and proceed into the play room. Stand in front of the cross. I am going to put you in to strict bondage before I give you any answer.”

The blindfold was fastened and buckled on together with an inflatable gag which fitted into her latex lined mouth cavity. The inflator bulb pumped air into the gag, the build up of pressure underlined to ‘S’ the serious intent of her Master. ‘Wow, doubly gagged, now I’m in deep bondage, my god, what a feeling!’ When completed ‘S’ was completely immobile straps at ankles, calves, hips, waist and breasts, above breasts and forehead; her arms were fettered at wrist, elbow and upper arm. Then without warning she was kissed on her latex lips. A moment later nipple clamps were applied. She sucked in air and adjusted herself to the stimulation. Her blindfold was removed and there in front of her stood her Master. She was nervous; had she not been in bondage she was sure she would be shaking. Her future was now in the balance she focussed her mind to receive whatever her Master’s decision would be.

Her Master’s voice, cool and without emotion filtered through her occluding helmet.

“slave, your e-mail request came as a complete surprise. I knew you were enjoying discovering your full sexuality and being extended in your fetishism desires, but I had no idea of your secret wish to become my 24/7 permanent slave; of course I did plan to move you towards such scenario, but that would have been some time in the future. Now you are asking me to give an immediate response.”

Slave ‘S’ heart stopped, she was sure she had overstepped the mark and knew now that the answer was to be “not yet slave.” Tears welled up in her eyes and trickled down her cheeks to be stopped by the close fitting helmet. She was crestfallen. Had it not been for the strap around her forehead her head would have slumped forward.

Her Master continued, “You are, you know, asking for the reality of complete slavery, not a few hours or days playing out a fantasy, but the unremitting commitment to that total giving over of both your physical body and mind to me. You would become a cipher having no say in what befalls you at any time day or night; your very existence will depend on me, your Master. Normal life as you know it now would cease to exist, time would only mark the passing of your continuous training, minutes, hours, day and night would no linger have meaning for you; you would cease to exist as Selena, you would be addressed only as slave or ‘S.’ He stopped to allow the enormity of the message to sink in. Then he gave the answer to his slaves amazing request. “Slave your request to become my 24/7 slave is granted. In one months time you will sign a formal legal document giving up all your rights as Selena; you will, in effect, cease to exist as an independent person; you will become totally dependent on me, your master. I will have power of attorney on your behalf. Now nod your head if you accept my conditions; of course,” he added, “We will have to discuss further, every aspect of the formal agreement.” His eyes looking intently at his part time slave he focussed on her helmeted head. There was no movement what so ever. Now it was his turn to inwardly quail. Perhaps her message was sent in a moment of love madness and she was no longer committed to the idea, having heard his stark words.

Then there was movement of a sort; a frantic wriggling, a shuddering of her fettered body, her head moved in unison but only the smallest movement could be discerned. Yet it was clearly the answer he so wanted.

He blew a sigh of relief then overcome with emotion he pressed his body against his tethered slave and holding her head in his hands he kissed her helmeted head, his heart beating wildly. Then he overcame his wish to make love again, that would wait. His immediate task was to release his slave briefly before placing her into the bondage chair. When tightly bondaged, he released her right arm so she could move her arm and communicate via her note pad. Sealed as she was there was no possibility of her speaking and to remove her new fantasy suit would break the spell. Slave ‘S’ was in a daze, the enormity of her position hadn’t sunk in fully. Her master handed her the note pad. Speaking again he ordered, “slave communicate your feelings.”

‘S’ wrote:

‘Master, in hindsight, when I first met you I unconsciously wanted to become a complete rubber slave but it was, at that time, just an unformed fantasy one you have allowed me to realise and focus on. Now my heart sings as I know I am to become your full time slave. I willingly give myself to you as your slave and I accept all conditions unconditionally.

I love you, dear Master,

Your slave in waiting,

‘S’

She held out the pad for her Master to take. He read the message carefully then overcoming his desire to tell her he loved her deeply and would never harm her in any way; he spoke, “slave your response excites me, especially as I know you have considered every aspect of what will befall you in one months time. You realise, I know, that in over month’s time you will never wear anything other than latex, rubber, vinyl, PVC or other impermeable material against your skin.” He wanted the full weight of what she had agreed to, to sink in. “Now slave to celebrate our mutual agreement to formally become my slave I intend to give you a taste of what it will be like to be completely dependent on me. I am going to keep you in the bondage chair until it please me to release you.” ‘S’ heart leap at the keywords ‘until it pleases me to release you.’

‘Yes, yes, and yes!’ she mouthed, feeling the inflated gag and the mouth lining filling her mouth cavity entirely; but no sound passed her lips. A moment later a blindfold was strapped to occlude her limited vision. ‘Slave ‘S’ was willing her Master to continue with any extreme he cared to carry out. She was not disappointed. Her arms were reaffixed to the arm rests so no movement was now possible. Then she heard the electrifying words “slave you have another surprise coming, but that will have to wait until I see fit to tell you. In the meantime you can focus on what it might be. However, first I’m going to cut off all incoming sound to you, and then I’m going to control your breathing so you become completely dependent on me for your life support. This will remind you of your abject position as my slave, as well as give you the experience of depending on me;” and here he emphasised the words, “as your Master.”

“S” felt incredibly masochistic willing her Master to up the stakes. The ear defenders cut off all sound and before slave ‘S’ had time to savour the effect she sensed something happening to her helmet nostril openings. The next instant warmed air filtered into her nose, it smelt strongly of rubber. Her Master had pushed two black rubber tubes into the helmets nostril openings onto which a small ‘Y’ connector ran into a single pipe which in turn was attached a black rubber rebreathing bag. At the base of the bladder a gate valve allowed ingress of air, but could be controlled to either reduce or increase air intake. Now completely occluded from the outside world the only entrance of air via a flexible rubber bladder the slave was experiencing for the first time what it was like to be living, occluded from the outside world, totally enshrouded in latex rubber.

As if to confirm the intensity of the experience nipple clamps were attached. The latex rebreathing bag fluttered in and out quickly like some living entity, then inflated fully as the she exhaled air. The next instant the bladder collapsed completely as her air was rebreathed and was sucked flat as ‘S’ breathed in deeply thus emptying the bag completely. It stayed like this as slave ‘S’ took a racking pleasure shuddering and squirming in her bonds. Then the bladder began inflating again before rapid fluttering indicated that the slave was panting and sucking in life giving air. Her Master stood watching noting the pleasure. He whispered into the still air “Yes slave, enjoy your bondage, I love you just the way you are but the night is yet young.” He then leaned forward and screwed the restrictor down to make his slave work for each breath. He knew that she would be enjoying the control he was demonstrating.

Deep within her bondage ‘S’ thought she had arrived in paradise, although she was having to control her desire to panic and struggle and breathe carefully, making each breath count by a slow disciplined intake of precious air. In her heart she really wanted all outside inlets to be shut off completely and remain self contained within her own latex bubble, sealed in by her loving all controlling Master. She mouthed the message, ‘Master I love you, I love you’, and then began her mantra,“ for the love of my Master, for the love of my Master.” as she reached for the tranquillity of being at one with her latex bondage and to consider the question posed by her Master, what surprise?

The passing of time now had no meaning and she drifted in the dark void. Some hours later her Master rose from his chair only a few feet from his tethered slave and began tilting the bondage chair backwards. There followed an intense love making session whilst his slave mute, sealed in her silent dark world experienced the new pleasure of restricted breathing and being deeply penetrated whilst hanging up side down from the bondage chair; The internal latex lining of her vagina allowing for no exchange of body fluids; she was, she reminded herself as she tried to recover from her orgasmic experience, her Master’s fully rubberised slave, his plaything; she was never happier.

It took some time to recover because of the reduced air intake and she had to work hard to suck in life giving air; the rebreathing bladder remained dangling from her attached tubing. In due course he uprighted the chair, released her and led her, still fully rubbered, to his latex bed. There he removed the breathing bladder and ear defenders and told her to rest. She needed no encouragement and lay quietly snuggling up to her master. Within seconds she was fast asleep.

==================================

Over breakfast they chatted about the new agreement and of the weekend ahead. “Selena I’m so excited about your desire to become my 24/7 live in slave. I know we are both going to get a tremendous thrill from the experience; not many people are able to live out their fantasy or have either, the means or the strong love for each other coupled with a mutual fetishistic lifestyle; we shall overcome any obstacles along our way.” And here he looked Selena full the eye, “Because I am a very exacting and controlling Master and you are my very subservient slave who actively desires to be controlled totally and in every minute detail.”

Selena’s pulse increased at these words and she instinctively lowered her eyes.

“Yes, Master absolutely and permanently; I can’t wait!”

Selena’s long dark hair shone in the sun as it streamed in through the window of the sitting room ; She looked radiant clad in her latex cat suit as she sat quietly chatting to her lover and Master. “Permission to speak Master?” This was said with a twinkle in her eye as it was now her turn to tease her lover. James caught onto the Try-on immediately and replied “Granted slave!”

“Master I feel wonderful, happy and in love with you; you have surpassed my every expectation and, and may I say”, and here she purposely overstepped the mark, “That you have been very lenient in your training of me, I had expected far greater challenges and had mentally prepared myself for them; in the event I didn’t need to draw on any of my reserves!” Now she was piling on the subtle insults. Her deep masochistic trait was leading her by the nose towards the inevitable retribution, but she didn’t care; she wanted to get the message over to her Master that she would willingly take on any degree of bondage or manipulation that he chose to employ on her. Deep down inside of her she trusted him implicitly.

Now she was looking directly into her Master’s dark brown eyes as if to challenge him to raise the stakes. Before she could draw the next breath her master cut in.

“Enough slave or I shall not tell you of your next surprise! I know you are just testing my resolve, but know well, that in one months time you may well be regretting those words as I plan to extend you far beyond anything you could have ever dreamed up, and you will need all of those hidden reserves.” It was obvious that he was not going to rise to his slaves challenge until he decided on both the time and place.

“So,” he went on, “Kneel at my feet slave and apologise for your outburst.”

Head bowed, arms behind back ‘S’ resumed her slave position at her master’s feet, but said nothing.

“I have a mind to put you back into severe bondage for the next 24 hours, but that would be playing into your hands, but I have noted your attempt to goad me. Now slave, your surprise; this afternoon you are being taken to Amsterdam to shop for rubber wear and other bondage devises. We shall dine tonight as equals but tomorrow morning you will revert back to your slave status because you will receive another birthday surprise then. You will travel as my slave, fully dressed underneath your mackintosh. Now off you go and pack.”

Before he had a chance to stop her ‘S’ had risen and thrown her arms around his neck and was kissing him passionately, her heart all of a flutter. ‘What a Master, I’m the luckiest slave in the world!’ she thought to her self. Then she danced off to begin packing.

Selena dressed now in her slave attire consisting of dildo and rear rod pants, black rubber catsuit, corset and slave collar, carried her case out into the hall. Her Master had not allowed her to wear top clothing, only her SBR

At the airport check-in the two lovers similarly dressed handed over their luggage and proceeded through customs and security. Selena set off the alarm, much to the amusement of her Master; the metal eyelets in her corset probably setting it off, and was frisked by one very surprised security personal that no doubt would have a tale to tell his colleagues. She was conscious of being totally covered in rubber, but was thoroughly enjoying the experience; her excitement high. The warm rubber aroma wafting up past her tightly buckled collar arousing her further.

One or two eyes were raised at the tall slender mackintoshed beauty that remained fully dressed throughout, especially as her companion took his off; but she remained all tight and tidy. Sitting beside her Master aboard the plane ‘S’ gave a wry smile as she fixed and tightened the seat strap. “Bondage at every point!” she whispered to James. Then reaching over to grasp his inner thigh she spoke, “Master I’m so excited about this trip, it’s a wonderful birthday surprise, especially as we are going to DeMask I’m going to spend, spend, and spend as I shall be selling my flat as soon as possible in preparation of moving in with you. I’m going to give up wearing normal clothes and become the true fetishist nothing but latex and rubber from the end of the month, I can’t wait; I shall burst from excitement I know I will”. Changing the subject she continued, “I love the way I’m dressed now, nobody on this plane has the faintest idea of what I’m wearing underneath my SBR, only that I am strangely keeping on my mackintosh and it’s fully buttoned; I wonder if any of them is having such a sexually stimulating time?”

Once in their hotel room ‘S’ took off her SBR and paraded around their room; she was in her element. Unpacking her master’s case she discovered that he had brought a set of black latex sheets and pillow cases as well as an assortment of other equipment; ‘no doubt about it,’ she thought to herself, ‘I’m in for a high old time this weekend.’ She made up the bed and laid out both her own rubber wear as well as her Masters. Love making in a strange hotel was exciting as they both knew that each side of them, with only a thin wall dividing them were Mr & Mrs average, unaware of what was happening only inches from them.

Tethered spread eagled with helmet blindfold and breathing through an inflatable gag in place ‘S’ was having the time of her life. The slow teasing of both her nipples and clitoris gradually raised her temperature as she was pushed to higher and higher planes of pleasure. Her Master working on her, knowing just how far he could take her before backing off to increase her growing sexual urge and frustration. Rolling her engorged nipple between his gloved fingers he had them hard against the tenting latex of her suit. Short breaths combined with suppressed mewing told him ‘S’ was near taking pleasure but he had other ideas, she would only be allowed to climax when he decided.

Straddling her supine body he brushed his rubber encapsulated erect member over her wet labial lips. She squirmed and then slowly offered up her hips for congress but she was not rewarded. Instead he let his member slide over and between her engorged lips; her juices running down and pooling into the black latex beneath her. It was only much later when his slave was so sexually charged and frustrated beyond reason, that he completed the ritual impaling. Her climax had her bucking and thrashing, throwing her head from side to side as she strained at her bonds. A moment later she felt the pulsing of her Master’s penis deep within her as he took pleasure. She was not released for some time; she lay quietly recovering from the love making. She mused to herself that one of the joys of being gagged was it allowed her to scream in ecstasy at the point of orgasm without the people on the next room being disturbed!

Much later after a well deserved rest the pair were ready for the evening having both bathed and got ready for their first outing in Amsterdam.

“Let’s look at you Selena, turn around slowly.” She did as directed she was wearing only a thin pair of latex briefs over which she wore a deep red silk blouse with full sleeves narrowing at the wrist , a high ruffed neck with three tiny buttons fastened to close it. A pair of tight nap leather trousers high waisted and fitting closely to her slim legs had her looking very feminine; 5 inch stiletto boots in red finished the outfit. James wore his black leather trousers with a black silk shirt over which he wore a black leather waistcoat Selena thought he looked good enough to eat. They made an elegant couple as they walked arm in arm in the warm spring weather amongst the early evening crowds along the canals of Amsterdam. They were wearing their SBR’s; James’s open Selena‘s tight and tidy. Her crimson lips and heavy eye make up shining out from beneath her sou’wester; she was the very picture of happiness.

Eventually they found a delightful small intimate restaurant which was both warm and friendly. A secluded table towards the back suited them ideally. Seductive Jazz from the small quartet in the corner completed the informal atmosphere.

Over a delicious meal James sprang the next surprise as he raised a glass of Wolf Blass cabinet sauvignon, merlot, “To my erstwhile slave, may this surprise both test and excite her as she moves inevitably towards 24/7 rubberisation.” Selena couldn’t think for the life of her what was coming but she was both eager to know what her lover had in mind and confident it would be entirely appropriate. She snuggled up to him then spoke.

“James tell me immediately, you’ve kept me waiting far too long, so what is this surprise?”

“Tomorrow you will revert to being my slave”, and here he enjoyed the process of playing with her. He left a long break which had Selena tilting her head to one side in a quizzical manner.

“James, stop teasing!” but he wanted to prolong his fun.

“You will have your washout then dress in corset only. You are not to wear either bra or pants. You will of course wear black latex gloves and your mackintosh, rubber riding boots on your feet and sou’wester on your pretty head.” Again, he waited and again Selena had to prompt him.

“OK James, you’ve had your fun, now tell me at once! Or I shall scream and scream until I’m sick!”

“ Very well, Selena, or should I say ‘slave’ now, as to what happens tomorrow afternoon, after we have visited ‘De Mask,’ you will be taken to a dungeon where you will be pierced. Your nipples, labia and clitoral hood will be pierced. You will wear stainless steel rings to emphasise your lowly status; no gold or silver for you.”

There was a gasp followed by a hiss of air as Selena took in the message. James looked carefully at her face and especially her eyes for signs of the first unconscious negative reaction. First he noticed her eyes begin to dilate, ‘a good sign’, he noted. Selena had that far away look, as if she was focusing on an image unperceived by anyone but her. She held the look for perhaps 20 seconds then, quietly brought her gaze back to James. Their eyes met; Selena’s look told the tale. Her eyes wide open, pupils dilated with the faintest smile lines at the corner of each eye, as if to confirm her answer; she had an enigmatic smile and in that instant James knew her response. Then she spoke, “James dear Master, fulfiller of my dreams you couldn’t have given me a better present. In the piercing process I will at once become your pierced personal property. You will have commanded me to take both the pain and the pleasure.” She added, “I know the piercing will hurt but I shall take pride in my piercing because they are given by you they will remind me, every time I undress or dress that they commemorate the time when you allowed me to move from a temporary slave to your permanent full time 24/7 slave”.

“James I can’t wait!” They kissed as if to confirm the arrangement.

Sleeping naked the lovers woke in the early hours and spoke of the day ahead. Selena knew she had to perform her ritual washout and meditation. She felt so incredibly masochistic and took a full 2 litre enema thrilling at the internal pressure build up before the release some 25 minutes later. She felt naked just wearing her corset but was looking forward to both her visit to ‘DeMask’ as well as her later piercing .

Entering the ‘DeMask’ shop they were welcomed by a young woman wearing a latex pencil skirt and bustier, her head was close cropped with a single pigtail at the back. Selena was in true shopping mode, she grinned at James.

“A serious bit of retail therapy is about to take place!” Once she had bought street wear, dresses, skirts, bustiers, brassieres, stockings, garter belts and just about every item that a true rubberist might conceivably need in society they moved down to the underground sales area. Here she was both excited and overcome with curiosity with the comprehensive range of serious bondage items and wear. The medical cabinet held her spellbound. Rebreathing bags, inflators, oesophageal tubes for either introducing liquids into the stomach or withdrawing contents, catheters for bladder and anal control, drainage bags and devices, anaesthetic equipment for ventilating, sedation or controlled breathing; nasal tubing so thin that it could be introduced via nasal gastro opening to allow for automatic feeding. There were nasal anaesthetic masks, corrugated tubing and head harnesses for fixing of masks as well as endless lengths of red and black rubber tubing of all sizes and lengths.

The bondage devices were an eye opener to slave Selena. Arm binders, laced and buckled, leg sheaths, arm muffs, posture devises, neck corsets, head harnesses, skin tight heavy weight bags with corset type additional lacing inflatable jackets, helmets, suits, sleeping bags, both single and double, respirators, of every type and style, some adapted to incorporate aroma boxes or to allow for restricted breathing . Punishment helmets with multiple lenses and tubing together with lockable devices to seal the slave into them, diffraction prisms and a whole assortment of equally esoteric devices to subdue an un-rulely slave. There were Suspension sacks, suits, jackets, incorporating helmets, webbing cages, straight jackets and bondage boots as well as elaborate bondage sleeping bags.

This was an eye opener for Selena ‘S,’ her wildest dreams could not have foreseen all that was available to the discerning fetishist. She felt very sexually aroused and was aware of a wetness oozing down her naked leg under her tightly belted SBR.

Together the master and his slave spent a small fortune. Some of the items would need making especially for her. She was ushered into a changing room and told to take off her mackintosh by her Master. She did as instructed feeling proud standing naked except for her corset. She revelled in her condition: ‘I’m really becoming fulfilled as I move towards my destiny I can’t wait until I am the exclusive property of my Master.’

She was proud of her lithe naked body but longed to become encapsulated in latex. The sales girl took no notice of her condition apart from offering ‘S’ a tissue to wipe the vaginal juice from the her sopping wet crotch. No comment was made; indeed, she was all but ignored by the sales girl who spoke exclusively to the Master as if the slave was just an object not worthy of talking too. She directed her to ‘open legs,’ ‘arms out,’ head up’ as she took detailed personal measurements. When finished she spoke giving orders, “dress now slave!” ‘S’ did as directed enjoying the helplessness of her situation eager to move on to her intimate piercing.

Over lunch at a busy canal side restaurant, just a few metres from the flower market, they chose to sit outside even though ‘S’ was completely naked under her tightly belted mackintosh. In the warm spring sunshine she was very comfortable. She was both excited and anxious and couldn’t eat a thing. Her masochistic inclinations on at full pitch, she knew she was going to be subjected to a painful process. Five individual piercings would be conducted on her; She wanted them desperately now, although her anxiety level was at an all time high. The knowledge that she had no control over what was about to happen and the psychological fresson it imparted to her had her oozing honeydew down her pendant engorged labial lips. She was as horny as hell feeling that old familiar sexual arousal in the pit of her stomach, but oh so anxious. Then it was time. Her master caught hold of her gloved hand and led her to her place of pain.

This was no ordinary piercing clinic rather it was a specialist fetish parlour. The high glossed door was opened by a latex apparition. There before her stood an encapsulated maid in jet black catsuit; helmeted and gagged, only her eyes showing through the vinyl eye coverings. The slave was wearing a maid’s outfit in latex over her all encapsulated cat suit. ‘S’ was both shocked and excited at the same time. She knew she was but a cipher in the proceedings. She was ushered in by the mute slave and motioned to sit on a stark black specialist chair not unlike the bondage chair back in her Master’s penthouse. Then before she could do anything an occluding latex helmet was pulled down over her long hair. There were no openings apart from a small mouth hole; she was in complete darkness. Her heartbeat rose rapidly as she breathed in warm latex scented air, her thoughts now in a whirl; the first priority was to gain enough air from the ballooning helmet.

She was pulled up in to a standing position and her SBR was removed then she was taken to a medical obstetrics couch. The latex covering on the bench struck cold as her back came to rest on the couch. Her legs where put into stirrups and immobilised. Her arms were strapped as well. She heard her Master speak to another person who she reasoned was the ‘piercer’. “As arranged, I’ve brought my slave to you for five piercings; each nipple, labial lips and clitoral hood. Stainless steel rings of course”.

A woman’s voice replied, “very well Master.”

The next instant ‘S’ gasped as her right nipple was brushed with a latex gloved hand. Her nipples grew hard as she reacted to the stimulation. The piercer spoke with a heavy Dutch accent, “Slave in a moment you will be clamped and pierced, it will hurt but it will be over in a moment. I can give you an injection of lignocane if you desire, it will numb completely. Nod your head if you want it.” There was no response from the slave.

The piercing needle passed through the right nipple pulling the stainless steel ring behind it. The front cutting edge of the needle passed easily through the flesh of the nipple. ‘S’ was acutely aware of her helplessness. The first piercing hurt and she had to suppress the desire to cry out; she sucked in air through her encapsulated head, and in doing so felt the damp latex clamp to her head; then a thrill replaced the pain. ‘This is it; I’m being pierced and ringed in five places; all major sexual sites and symbolic of my status as my Master’s slave I will never be the same again; I’m changed for ever confirming that I am a submissive masochistic slave’.

She rode the pain of the vaginal piercings proud in the knowledge of her position as a slave. At last she was released from her bonds and helped to her feet by the mute slave. Her helmet was removed. There in front of her stood her beloved Master and the lady piercer. They were both attired in black latex rubber; she had on a half mask which left her lips and chin exposed. She had full red lips and ample breasts which were shown off to perfection under a loose fitting high necked blouse. She smiled at slave ‘S’ then spoke.

“Move over to the full length mirror and look at yourself, slave. What you see will please you no doubt.”

‘S’ did as directed and stood before the mirror. Her nipple rings gleamed in the spot light; she looked closely at them proud of the visual manifestation of her submissiveness. She had to use a hand held mirror to see her vaginal rings. She turned to her master. “Master, I submit myself to you now; I am yours to command.” She added, “Let the Mistress Piercer be a witness to my submission.” The mute slave dressed in maids outfit stood stiffly to attention in one corner of the dungeon. Slave ‘S’ noted that she had her ankles shackled. She had obviously served her purpose and was now held immobile until her Mistress needed her services again. ‘In one months time I will be in her position.’ The thought caused a warm glow to flow through ‘S’. The adrenaline high which she had experienced when the first and subsequent piercing were being undertaken was now beginning to wear off. In its place she felt a thrill at her appearance.

“Come sit with us slave and let’s toast your forthcoming permanent enslavement to your Master.” The Mistress pointed to where there were three seats but no low table to place the bottle of champagne. She put the bottle on a shelf, went over to the shackled maid slave, unlocked her bonds and led her by her collar lead to the foot of the three chairs, There, she spoke loudly so both the rubberised slave and her guests could hear, “slave maid, on your hands and knees, we need a table.” Immediately the mute slave complied. The Mistress placed an oblong piece of clear polycarbonate across her level back and proceeded to pour out the champagne into crystal glasses. The master and Mistress sat each side of slave ‘S’ and raised glasses. “To you Master and to your brave slave, no anaesthetic and five piercings.” She added, “You have a rare slave, train her well!”

They drank then both turned to ‘S’ “You may drink now slave.” ‘S’ smiled, and then sipped the bubbly. She remembered her last drink of champagne; she had not tasted it so this glass went down very well. The Master and Piercer chatted over various things, particularly the circumstances of Selena’s meeting with her lover and how they had arrived at this juncture. Equally the Mistress spoke freely about her own slave and how she completely dominated her. “The more I dominate her and raise the standards the more masochistic she becomes. She is a proud slave nevertheless and wants to perform at the highest level. Of course”, she added, “I keep raising the level and am never satisfied. So she is punished frequently. As a rubber maid she has a long way to go before she even approaches a satisfactory standard.” Now she spoke ignoring; ‘S’. “I advise you to keep your slave very busy for at least the first month; idle thoughts and hands lead to mischief. When not busy keep her bondaged”

The excitement of the whole weekend and the lead up to it as well as shopping, piercing and champagne now took their toll on slave ‘S’. Within minutes of the Mistress and Master exchanging ideas and continuing their discussion, her eyes drooped, her head nodded and she sank into a dreamless slumber.

Some time later she was gently woken by her Master who very, very carefully helped her on with her mackintosh. He fretted around her, making sure she was as comfortable as possible. He took hold of her gloved hand and led her back to their hotel room. There he helped her out of her SBR and cosseted her. He ordered a light meal in their room, and then ever so gently tucked her between latex sheets. Her last words before sleep over took her were.

“Thank you Master, I love you and am so proud of my piercings.”
