---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: An Afternoon in the Woods
authors:
- slut_jennie
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- hobble
- chain
- cuffs
- outdoors
- cons
- X
date: 2001-10-08 00:00:00
---

Hi! My name is Jennie and this is a true story.

First of all I live in a little town in the southern part of Sweden
and I am a crossdresser.
I don't go out in public except for my little self-bondage trips.

I was going away on a business trip and packed my "play things". I usually
bring them with me because I want be ready in case the need and moment
feels right. I started at home with my "clitharness", a 1-foot thin rope
that I have tied a 2 inch steel ring to. I made sure it was tied off tight
and secure around my scrotum so it wouldn't come loose later. I dressed
in my blue satin crotchless panties, black pantyhose and my black corset.
My favourite bright red blouse together with my jeans concealed everything
from my neighbours. I already packed the other things I would need so I
went out to my car and drove off.

There is a little clearing in the woods only 12 km from home that I
have found. When I got there I got out of my car and saw tire marks in
the mud. They looked fresh. I went for a little walk to make sure they
were gone and to set everything up. I had brought with me a large block
of ice that contained 1 copy of my master key. The other one I tied to
a tree 500 meters away together with the key to my handcuffs. Everything
looked ok, so I brought out my 2 bags of tricks from the car and walked
into the woods 10 meters and started to undress.

I removed my jeans and put on a short black mini skirt and my high-heeled
ankle boots. I have removed the lacing from 2 of the holes. I locked them
on with padlocks and attached a short chain that hobbled me to only 12
inches. I also padlocked a chain around my constricted waist and attached
my handcuffs on my back. An 8 foot thin rope was tied to a 5 foot branch
lying on the ground and attached to my "clitharness". This meant that I
would have to be really careful when I walked or a serious tug would remind
me.

Almost done I put on my gag harness with straps around my head and
buckled it tight. I put my "safe way out" (Large iceblock) on a rock where
I would be able to reach it later. A 10 foot chain was padlocked to a large
tree where the road was clearly visible. I used a combination lock to secure
my handcuffs to the tree and took a deep breath and closed the first cuff
on my right wrist. I saw cars go by on the road as I locked my left wrist.

Click.

There I was in drag, chained to a tree with my hands behind my back
and I could easily be seen in the wood in my bright red blouse. I started
at once to try to open the combination lock, it's not  as easy to
do it behind your back as one would think, besides I had spun the numbers
so I wouldn't know what number I was starting on. It took me some time
to open it, during this I wished I hadn't put on the red blouse. Nevermind.
After what seemed like at least 30 minutes (probably only 10) I managed
to open the lock and I was free from the tree. I knew it would take at
least 4 hours for the ice to melt in my apartment and it was cooler in the woods. I started to mince to my other key.

It's really hard to walk in heels in the woods even on "trails". I really
didn't want to fall with my hands behind my back. I didn't go too far
before I was painfully reminded of the rope tied to my crotch. I took a
step backwards and grabbed the rope in my hands and started on my way again.
I had thought about using stockings and garters  instead of pantyhose
but when I walked the pantyhose were pulled down and the miniskirt up.
I felt really exposed especially when the mosquitos bit me right there.

When I tied the spare keys to the tree I didn't want to make it too easy
so now I knew I had to cross a road which a had no knowledge about where
it went or how much traffic there was. I hid behind a large pine tree and
listened for a while.

It was not easy to hear anything else than my breath. After a couple
minutes I started to make my way over the road and up the steep hill to
my keys. I had to stay there onto of a hill and untie my hands before I
could untie the key from the tree. I was really nervous because I heard
traffic all the time but fortunately it didn't come on this road but the
larger road to the south. I started to make my way back a little bit faster
this time with my hands free and feeling more secure.

I finally got back
to my bags and bent down to remove the chain and padlocks around my boots
when I heard a twig snap. I have never been so startled in my life and
panicked. I quickly removed the chains and clothes and packed everything
away when I saw a moose running away from me. I settled down and took a
few deep breaths and went back to my car.

I drove off rather quicky and went back on my way to Stockholm for business.

/Jennie
