---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Wayward Fantasy
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- FM/m
- bondage
- kidnap
- cons
- X
date: 2003-09-20 00:00:00
---

**The Wayward Fantasy**
by Studbound
The Wayward Fantasy by Studbound
 
**Part I The Incident**
 
Mary-Ellen van Braxton was frantic, pacing back and forth, talking
loudly, almost shouting into her cell phone. Over and over she asked the
911 operator, "Where is he? When will he get here?" She brushed away tears,
pulled at her hair, and looked out at the street scanning in both directions,
waiting, hoping, despairing.
 
Mary-Ellen was normally a stately calm lady from one of the city's
better families. Dressed impeccably, she wore only garments made by designer
houses, and they fit her wonderfully showing off her amble bust and still
slender waist. Mary-Ellen's hair was always immaculate with nothing out
of place, done short and in a becoming manner by a clearly over-priced
middle aged man who flattered her both in what he said and how he managed
her appearance. Her husband was a prominent attorney who commanded considerable
respect.   Her father had been a prominent businessman who made
millions and left her independently wealthy. She was tall, dark hair and
a figure that belied her almost forty years. Well educated, and distinguished
in her own right, she was a political activist and noted philanthropist.
But on this particular day, she was distraught, panicked and quite inconsolable,
although a number of employees of the nearby supermarket were trying to
help with encouragement and assurances that all would be well.
 
Finally, the black and white police car pulled into the lot, slowly
as if the driver had all the time in the world. The young policeman gathered
up his pad, and methodically moved out of the car while the flustered Mary-Ellen
ran unsteadily in his direction.
 
"What took you so long?" She demanded. "Find my car. Find it immediately."
 
"Now, calm down lady," the young man said. He was Officer Tom Pendelton,
blond, handsome, chiselled chin, wearing a neatly tailored uniform that
might have been just a bit too snug, but which showed off his butt to good
advantage.
 
"Don't tell me to be calm, "Mary-Ellen all but screamed. "Start looking
for my car. Now!!! Why are you wasting time?"
 
"Lady, I need to get some information. Stolen cars always turn up in
a day or two. Calm down."
 
"You don't understand. You don't understand. We can't wait a day or
two. This is an emergency."
 
"Sure, Sure," said the young cop. "Everyone thinks it's an emergency
when their car is stolen. Now tell me your name."
 
Slowly, Officer Pendelton got Mary-Ellen to give him her full name,
and a description of her stolen car.
 
"So you had a dark green Toyota Sequoia - wow, that's big car. A super
SUV!!" observed Pendelton.
 
"Yes, it's big so it should be easy to find. So get started. Find my
car. I saw them drive it away – and they sped off the lot and turned left.
So get going. Find it at once!"
 
"Lady, there's no way I can just go out and find your car. I'll call
in this information and it will be passed on to all the officers on duty.
They will all look for your car. Now you just relax. It will probably take
a day or two. They always turn up in some condition - usually vandalized."
 
"No! No!" Mary Ellen screamed. "You don't understand. Oh, this is awful.
This is so embarrassing."
 
"Lady, take it easy. I guess don't understand."
 
Mary-Ellen took the officer by the arm and moved him away from the
few spectators who were watching the little drama.

"You see," she said, "my husband, Franklin, is in the car."
 
"Your husband is inside?"
 
"Yes."
 
"Did they kidnap him?"
 
"Not exactly."
 
"Now I don't understand at all."
 
"This is just awful - very embarrassing, -- you see, he's in the back,
between the back seat and the door that opens in the back."
 
"What's he doing back there?"
 
"Well, not much. You see, he's tied up."
 
"Tied up?"
 
'Yes, he's bound and gagged and blindfolded."
 
"Lady, what's going on?"
 
"Oh, I can't believe this. It's awful. You will be discrete?"
 
"Yeah, lady, I'll be discrete."
 
"OK, I'll explain, but then hurry and find my car. You see, my husband
and I play bondage games. He likes to fantasize that's he's been kidnapped.
I tie him up and sometimes I put him in the back of the SUV, and drive
around with him. Today I made a quick stop here at the market to get just
one thing, and that's when somebody came along and stole the car. Only
Franklin is in it - all tied up. Now do you understand?"
 
Pendelton stood and looked at the Mary-Ellen wide-eyed. "You play bondage
games?" he asked.
 
"Yes, now find my car. He could choke, or anything could happen. He's
really tied up tight, and gagged. Now do you understand? And please don't
tell anyone what I've told you. This could ruin us!"
 
Pendelton began jotting down a few things on his pad while quietly
with his left hand he reached down and pulled at his pants to relieve the
now obvious bulge that his growing erection was making. Despite her preoccupation
with her trauma, Mary-Ellen noticed the action.
 
Pendelton called in the information indicating only that Mr. Van Braxton
was kidnapped and in the stolen SUV. Having done that, Officer Pendelton
asked Mary-Ellen if he could take her home.
 
"That would be nice," said the exhausted woman.
 
Together the young officer and the frazzled socialite drove to her
home, which was in an upscale neighborhood nearby. Franklin van Braxton
had insisted in living inside the city and not in one of the wealthy suburbs.  
He wanted to be near his work, and the amenities that the inner city offered.
On the way, Pendelton asked a few more questions: "Is there any way your
husband might escape?"
 
"No, he's never been able to escape." "
 
"How is he gagged?"
 
"It's a professional leather gag with a large plug that fills his mouth."
 
"Will he know what is happening to him?"
 
"I doubt it -- only that I'm keeping him tied up longer than usual."
 
"Do you do this often?"
 
At that, Mary-Ellen lost her temper. "Just get me home and start looking
for my car."
 
At her home, Mary-Ellen hurriedly thanked Officer Pendelton, and went
inside. The handsome officer had assured her that she would be the first
to hear if they found her car, and her husband.
 
Unable to eat, worried more than she could remember ever, Mary-Ellen
hovered around the telephone waiting for it to ring. When it did ring about
two hours later, she jumped, grabbed the receiver and said, "Hello."
 
"Hello Mrs. van Braxton. Seems like we have your car, and a nice package
in the back."
 
"Please bring him home right away," she shouted into the phone.
 
"Not so fast, lady," said the voice. "He's just fine at the moment.
Can you have ten thousand dollars ready in one hour? If you can, we'll
deliver your car and its package. OK? Oh, and no police!"
 
"I'll have it," she said. "I'll have it. Just don't hurt my husband."
 
"Don't worry, lady," said the voice. "He's not going anywhere." Then
the man laughed and hung up.
 
Mary-Ellen called her bank. Well known, and with considerable investment
in the bank and the community, the manager was more than willing to full
her request - he would have $10,000 delivered to her house within thirty
minutes. It was unusual, but he could do it.
 
Mary-Ellen met the messenger at the door, took the money, signed the
necessary papers, and sent the man away. Then she waited. Again the phone
rang, and the same voice asked her if she had the money. She said that
it was ready. The car would be delivered to the corner at the end of her
street in twenty minutes. She should be standing there waiting, and hand
the bag to a man in a little black car as it drove by. If the money was
correct, her car and her husband would be delivered to her driveway after
a few minutes.
 
Mary-Ellen stood on the corner, and when the little black car drove
up, she handed a man the bag with the money. It sped away. She walked home
and after a few minutes, saw her SUV drive up, a man jumped out, ran to
the black car that was waiting at the curb, and again it sped away. Mary-Ellen
rushed to the SUV, opened the back and found her husband just as she had
left him. She closed the hatch, got into the car and drove it up the driveway
and into the garage closing the door. Then she opened the hatch again,
and hugged her husband, tears running down her cheeks.
 
"What's going on?" asked Franklin when his wife removed his gag.
 
"Someone stole the car while it was parked at the supermarket, and
you were inside and I was worried sick. I paid ten thousand to get you
back."
 
"I was kidnapped?" he asked, still sitting bound in the back of the
SUV.
 
"Yes, you were kidnapped. But you're home safe now. Let's get you untied
and inside."
 
Relieved that everything had turned out okay, Mary-Ellen and Franklin
resumed their normal lives. The next day there was a phone call from Officer
Pendelton indicating that they had not found the car, but Mary-Ellen explained
that some kids had taken it for a joy ride, and had returned it and that
her husband was safe. She asked the officer to remain silent about what
he had learned, and he promised that he would do nothing that would embarrass
the van Braxtons. Relieved, Mary-Ellen hoped that would be an end to the
unhappy incident.
 
**Part II**
**The Incident Embellished**
 
It was not the end. Franklin van Braxton had harboured one fantasy
as long as he could remember. He wanted to be kidnapped and held for ransom
- kept tied and gagged for a couple of days by unknown captors. He didn't
know why, and he knew the danger, but it was his fantasy. He could not
get over that fact that he had indeed been kidnapped, but didn't know it.
He fussed about it, moody that he had actually been there, and was unaware
of it. He wondered if there might have been a way that his wife could have
told the thieves to let him know what was going on so he could enjoy the
situation. He was almost depressed that he had experienced his fantasy,
and has missed it completely.
 
Oddly enough, twice after the event Officer Pendelton called Mrs. Van
Braxton to ask if everything was okay. He just wanted to be sure that there
had been no more problems with their car being stolen, or anything else.
Each time Mary-Ellen politely told him that they were just fine, and appreciated
his concern.
 
After a few months of listening to Franklin bemoan his missed "opportunity,"
Mary-Ellen began to formulate a plan. It would require some help, but she
thought she could do it. She talked with her neighbor, Candy Lawson, and
then went to the bank and took twenty thousand dollars out of her personal
account. Finally, she went to the caller identification box that sat next
to her kitchen telephone, and noted down the number of the cell phone that
had been used to give her information about her "kidnapped" husband and
stolen car. She called the number not knowing what would happen.
 
When a man answered, Mary-Ellen cautiously said, "If you are the party
that took my car from the Greenbriar supermarket parking lot about two
months ago, and returned it with my husband in the back, I have a deal
for you."
 
There was a long silence. Mary-Ellen wondered if she had the same man
as before. Probably the phone was stolen, hard telling who had it now.
Then a voice that she thought was the same one she had heard before said
slowly, "What's the deal?"
 
"I'll meet you at the Starbucks Coffee House in Greenbriar Village
in one hour. I'll tell you then. I'll be wearing a white blouse and a pair
of blue slacks." Then she hung up.
 
One hour later, Mary-Ellen van Braxton was sipping a latte in the Starbucks
Coffee Shop when a tall young man approached. "No cops?" was the first
thing he said.
 
"No cops," she assured him. He sat. For the next hour, Mary-Ellen explained
her plan. After thinking it over for a while, the man agreed, stood and
left. Mary-Ellen went home.
 
Two nights later, Mary-Ellen van Braxton and Franklin van Braxton were
asleep in their bedroom when three men came in quietly. It was two AM,
and the men managed to get near the bed where the couple slept before Franklin
began to wake up.
 
"Just lay there quietly," said a voice. "This is a gun next to your
head."
 
Franklin lay in his bed wondering. Mary-Ellen woke and sat up.
 
"Just lay there lady," said the voice, "and your husband won't get
hurt.
 
The men made Franklin stand, took off his pyjamas, and with him nude,
they tied his wrists and then wraps of rope around his upper arms. Then
they gagged him with duct tape. As Franklin watched, the men had Mary-Ellen
strip off her negligée and they tied her spread-eagle to the bed
and gagged her with duct tape.
 
 "Somebody will find you eventually," said one of the men to Mary-Ellen.
Meanwhile we'll take your husband. You get together twenty grand and have
it ready. We'll call in three days to arrange to get the money. If everything
works without a hitch, we'll return your husband."
 
With that two of the men hustled the bound Franklin out of the room
and out to a waiting car. The third man went to the vanity in the corner
and opened the drawer on the upper right. He took out a bundle of bills.
Turning to Mary-Ellen he said, "We get the other ten grand when we bring
him back as arranged. Don't worry, we'll keep him all tied up nice and
neat for the next three days." Then the man left.
 
Mary-Ellen heard the car drive away. Now Candy would appear and free
her. Only Candy didn't appear. Mary-Ellen lay tied to her bed for the next
six hours until finally, just after eight in the morning she heard Candy,
running down the hall and into her room saying, "I'm sorry, I over slept.
I'm so sorry." At last free from the ropes and tape, Mary-Ellen sat back
and smiled. He husband was at last living his fantasy. She hoped he would
enjoy it.
 
**Part III**
**The Denouement**
 
Franklin van Braxton was indeed enjoying his second day as a kidnap
victim. He had no idea where he was, and he was tightly bound and gagged.
Masked men fed him and let him go to the bathroom but mostly he just squirmed
around in his bonds. He loved every minute of it.
 
On that same second day Mary-Ellen van Braxton sat sipping coffee in
their kitchen wondering if this would make her bondage-loving husband happy
at last. Finished with the evening paper, she folded it, put it on the
pile of newspaper for the recycler, and walked through the house toward
the master bedroom. Except for a small black gee-string-thong, she was
naked.
 
Mary-Ellen walked up to the bed and looked down at it.  Laying
there, tied spread-eagle, naked, and gagged was Officer Thomas Pendelton.
Rope stretched his arms and legs to the corners of the bed. A red ball
gag filled his mouth, sealed in with wraps of silver duct tape. The young
officer looked up at Mary-Ellen and grunted into his gag, twisting his
body and pulling at the ropes that bound him.
 
"I know," she said with a smile, sitting down next to the young man
and running her fingers around on his chest. "You only wanted to know briefly
what it felt like. You could hardly wait to get here when I called. I knew
you were interested. I knew you would come." She toyed with the head of
his penis. "You sound like you've had enough, but the size of your penis
tells me that you are loving every minute of it." Her hand dropped down
letting her well manicured nails run along the shaft of his throbbing member.
 
Indeed, Officer Pendelton had been erect ever since Mary-Ellen had
him strip and started tying him to the bed. That had been early that morning
– their agreement was that he would be tied up for at least an hour. And
since Mary-Ellen had called into the police department and indicated that
Officer Pendelton was ill and would miss work the next day, there was every
indication that he would be there a good deal longer.
