---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Batgirl - The Return 12: Aftermath'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M-f
- F+-f+
- costumes
- bond
- rope
- gag
- nipple
- tease
- torment
- toys
- mast
- oral
- sex
- climax
- comicfic
- cons
- X
date: 2013-02-26 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl - The Return 11: The Last Train**](batgirl_return11.html))

**Part 12: Aftermath**

When she arrived at home, she secured her ride, followed her normal routine of reviews and rode up the lift. But in the hidden room, something dark was waiting for her. She was ready to strike till he spoke.

“Busy night you’ve had.” Batman said.

His tone was not friendly

She paused. “It was productive.” She replied. She was annoyed he got past her security unseen.

“With nearly a heavy price paid.” He said, still sounding irritated.

“It was nothing, really.”

“Tell me what nothing was.”

Batgirl told her story, at first leaving out the parts where Catwoman got the drop on her. But after careful questioning, it was obvious he knew better. She filled in the details.

“That’s hardly nothing.” He said.

“It’s not like it was the first time this happened to me. It ended well.” She said, irritated he was questioning her like this. She moved past him, releasing the turntable and entered her bedroom, still in full costume.

“It almost didn’t.” he replied, following. “You were nearly killed, and Jennifer Wentworth as well.”

“We both survived and are we’re none the less for it.” She said then changed the subject. “But that’s not what you’re angry about.”

“Oh? And what am I ‘angry’ about?”

“That I went against your orders. I didn’t just feed you the lead then sit on the sidelines to see what happened.” She said, “You’re angry that I went out to rescue the damsel and capture the criminal without your permission or your help.”

“Is that what you think?” he replied, sounding very even.

Batgirl softened, realizing she was the one getting angry. “I think it’s possible that you’ve grown too worried about me. You’re letting personal feelings get in the way of us doing our jobs.”

“You’re correct about my feelings towards you, but my decisions on how we were to proceed tonight are based on logic.” He said, softening a bit as well. “But that’s not what concerns me about what happened tonight.”

“Well then, what does?”

“We’re a team, but tonight you didn’t act like a member. We had a plan. Jennifer Wentworth was Catwoman’s bait, Batgirl was ours. You were searching for clues just as Robin and I were, and found something before we did. As soon as we knew where they were holding up, we would move in as a team to both rescue the innocent and capture the criminal. But instead, you went and did something rash and moved ahead without a plan. You cut the team out and went cowboy on us.”

“Cowboy?” she said, showing off her tight fitting purple costume, which more than accented her fine figure.

“You know the meaning. You went in yourself, alone, with no backup and no plan. You wanted to prove you could do it alone, and you sure did that.”

“I felt I was dealing with an amateur.” She replied

“An amateur who not only managed to kidnapped a rich widow in broad daylight under the eye of witness Barbara Gordon, but then captured Batgirl, rendered her helpless and nearly killed both victims in one swipe. The both of you are alive by only the slimmest of margins. Had that train left a few seconds earlier, we wouldn’t be debating this at all.” Batman spoke calmly as he stated his case.

Batgirl pondered what he said. As much as she hated to admit it, he was right, as usual.

“If we’re going to be a team, we need to trust and count on each other, and be there for each other.” He added.

“To be honest, my theory was so out there, I wasn’t sure you’d believe me.”

“We had no other clues. Had you told us, we would have checked it out, then call you in to assist.”

Batgirl sighed. “I went there with the intention of confirming my theory then call you in if I found something. But once I got there, I reverted back to my old ways and went in alone. You’re right, I guess I was trying to prove something, both to you and to myself. Though it worked out in the end, it could have gone very wrong and it was truly a foolish move on my part.”

“Lesson learned.” Batman replied, hoping she really had. “Don’t forget it again.”

“Have I broken the trust between you and I?”

“Broken, no. Call it a dent, but it can be repaired by doing.” he replied, a smile coming across his lips.

“I’ll make it up to you, but it sounds like a lot of work.” She replied. “I’d almost rather be punished and be done with it.” She added with a small twinkle in her eye.

“Perhaps you should be.” He said, catching her hint.

“Well then, perhaps you should.” She said seductively.

Batgirl grinned, the twinkle growing. Here was her chance to not only make amends, but a opportunity to fulfill a fantasy of her own. It didn’t go unnoticed that they were both still in full costume. First, she covered Charlie’s cage. Then she pulled out her collection of bondage toys from her nightstand and dropped them on her bed. She handed him a bundle of rope perfect for binding her wrists, then offered up her wrists, palms together.

Even Batgirl has fantasies.

“Aren’t we a little overdressed?” he replied.

“You look perfect.” She replied as she eyed him up and down then turned to herself. “But I could use a change. Wait here a moment while I get more comfortable.” She said as she returned to her secret room, closing the turntable as she did but not latching it. It was more than a moment before the makeup table moved again.

Gone was her purple tight fitting Batgirl costume, but she was hardly completely naked. Now topless, she wore a skimpy purple thong that covered her crotch area. She replaced her usual boots with a pair of sky high purple pumps, but retained her purple cape, gloves and cowling with the long red hair flowing from the back, and her golden utility belt, slung low around her hip. While her Batgirl costume covered her entire body, her current outfit let all of her sexy body show yet still identifies her as the sexy crime fighter.

“Better?” she asked as she stepped close, holding her gloved hands up again.

“Perfect.” He replied as the lopped the rope around her wrist. In a flash, her hands were tightly bound.

He made the nearly naked Batgirl stand by her bed and used a second rope to lash her wrists to the bedpost just above head height. That was all Batman did to render his female partner helpless, at least with the ropes. Her legs were left unbound but it didn’t matter, she wasn’t going anywhere. But he had a surprise of his own for her.

“I came prepared.” he said as he pulled a purple ball gag from his utility belt.

Even Batman has fantasies

Batgirl leaned her head back and opened her mouth to happily accept the ball. She moaned as he put it in, her teeth biting down on the purple rubber as she raised her head for him to buckle the black leather straps behind her head. Though her bondage was limited, she still thrilled how Batman had rendered her helpless.

His gloved hands began to roam over her body, but avoided her female hot spots. After several minutes, he removed her cape, giving him complete access to her entire body. From behind, his hands moved up her torso and took her breasts into his hands. She moaned when he fondled her full chest and moaned even harder when his lightly pinched her erect nipples. She pushed her ass into his crotch, grinding against him.

But his hands didn’t linger for long. He moved back down body till he came to her hips, sliding around front to rub her crotch over her scant panty. He was teasing her, getting her horny but doing little to relieve her growing sexual needs. But it still felt wonderful. For the very first time and to fulfill the fantasies of countless citizens around Gotham City, Batman was going to make love to Batgirl.

Now this is punishment.

But again he moved away after all to brief a time. Now his hand went to her marvelously sculpted ass. Here he pauses and caressed her extremely well-formed posterior. Batgirl moaned and wiggled her perfect backside as his gloved hand roamed over her smooth skin.

He then raised his hand and gave her ass a good swat. Batgirl jumped, both from the sharp sting it gave and his perfectly unpredictable timing.

Now this was punishment.

He followed up with another, this time striking her other butt cheek. Again Batgirl jumped, but steadied herself for the others that were to follow, parting her legs with her feet wider apart than her shoulders. With each swat, she grunted at the sting from the blow, but it was hardly like he was going to really hurt her. In fact, his free hand returned to her chest, fondling her breasts again, adding the perfect mix of lover’s pleasure to that of the lover’s punishment. Through it all, Batgirl moaned and groaned, her body rippling with excitement and pleasures, wanting it to stop and hoping it continued.

Now this is punishment.

When he finally stopped, he ass had received 40 lashes, 20 on each side. Batgirl moaned softly into her purple gag as she ass swayed, her hands still tied to the bedpost. Her ass turned pink, felt warm to the touch and tingled, as did her crotch. She wanted more of his attention. She needed more of his attention.

She got more of his attention.

Standing behind her, she felt the thong of her panty move to the side as the head of hard cock probed for the entrance of her pussy. She opened her legs wider and pushed back into him. He quickly found it and parted her moist vaginal lips, pushed the tip of his cock inside her. Batgirl responded by pushing back, forcing her cock deeper into her. Batman moved himself forward, pushing his entire shaft deep into her slit till his hips pressed into Batgirl’s fleshly behind, nearly making Batgirl climax as he buried himself into her. He held his place, his cock filling her entire pussy till she calmed a bit.

He told hold of her breasts and began to slowly make love to her. His hips rocked back and forth, easily gliding along her warm, lubricated walls. Batgirl did nothing but groaned into her gag and stand still, letting him have his way, her hands bound to the bedpost for support and let him take her as he wanted. But it still felt amazing, his hands working her breasts, adding to the stimulation of his manhood working her love box. With each thrust forward and each roll of her nipple, Batgirl was getting closer and closer to orgasm. She only wished he’s rub her clit to help her get over the edge.

Sensing her situation, Batman stepped up his tempo, both with his hard-on and his hands. He pushed into her harder and faster as one of his hands slipped down and under her thong to rub her clit. From here it didn’t take but seconds for Batgirl to rapidly close in on her goal. She came hard and long, nearly screaming into her gag as she bit down on it, her whole body trembling as the orgasm plummeted over her again and again with waves or climatic bliss and pleasure swamping her entire body with intense sexual pleasures. She seemed to come for hours, her whole body electrified with delights.

When it finally ended, her body limp but still standing strong but the afterglow warm and delightful, she finally noticed that Batman had nearly stopped his thrusting motions. He was completely buried in her, his gloved hands on her hips as if he was steading her, but nearly motionless.

It was almost as maddening as him not doing anything to her.

“Let’s try that again.” He whispered as his hands returned to her chest. He pushed against her, making his rod go deeper as his began working her again. Before long, Batgirl’s restrained body was responding and building towards another orgasm. It took longer but Batman was patient, moving his hand between her boobs and her clit, making sure each area got the right amounts of attention. The orgasm was growing, and they both knew by the moans and grunts she made as she closed in on it.

But this time there was no stopping. By now, Batman was thrusting himself into her harder and faster, not holding back on the passionate intercourse. His hands focused on her chest, squeezing her flesh and pinching her sensitive nipples till both of the costumes personalities could not hold back.

They climaxed together, Batgirl’s body staggering by the second orgasm exploding over her frame. She cried out into her gag as waves of orgasmic pleasures rocked her for a second time. Batman was groaning too, his cock exploding as he climaxed, pumping his sperm deep into her love tunnel and still thrusting into her to maximize their shared pleasures that seemed to gone for hours.

Now this is punishment.

When at long last the climaxing was over, it was like they hardly started. Batman was still buried deep inside Batgirl, with his hands still clutching her boobs and his body pressed tightly against hers. Both were panting hard and enjoying the afterglow of their amazing orgasms and their awesome sex.

Neither wanted to move or end the moment.

After several minutes, Batman withdrew from the restrained crime fighter. Batgirl closed her legs and moved closer to the bedpost, almost holding it to keep from collapsing. Her gag was removed first.

“If that’s how you’ll punish me, I plan on being a bad Batgirl more often.” She said.

A moment later, she was free of the ropes and they were on the bed together, the naked Batgirl intertwined with the Batman, still enjoying the moment. A short time later, they were both naked and slowly making love again, this time as everyday normal citizens of Gotham City. They went for nearly two hours before it was over and they had recovered.

Batman left a short time later and Barbara was lying between her soft sheets sleeping.

\* \* \*

A few hours later, Barbara was listening to the radio as she got ready for work. She was both tired and content from her prior nights exploits, but duty still called, in the form of a budget meeting.

‘Recapping our top story, heiress and socialite Catherine Wentworth is in police custody this morning, charged with burglary, kidnapping and attempted murder charges. It was Miss Wentworth, in the guise of Catwoman, who committed the robbery of the Golden Lioness Jewelry store, located in the First District area several nights ago. She later kidnapped her late father’s wife, Jennifer Wentworth and Barbara Gordon, head of the Gotham City library system.’ The announcer said.

“That’s Director, not head of.” Barbara said to herself.

“It appears that Miss Wentworth has suffered some kind of mental breakdown and assumed the character of the notorious thief Catwoman and meant to bring harm to the recent widow. But once again, the voluptuous female crime fighter Batgirl was able to thwart the attempt and bring the mentally disturbed woman to justice. Miss Wentworth is expected to undergo psychiatric examination this morning by the city psychologist.”

Barbara’s cell phone rang. It was Bruce.

“Voluptuous. I haven’t heard that one used till now.” Bruce said.

“I rather liked it.” Barbara replied.

“I think it fits rather well.” He replied. “You sound tired.”

“I am, and it’s your fault. You kept me up too late.” She said. “And I hope you do it again soon.”

“Which is why I’m calling so early. I still owe you a dinner date.” he replied. The two chatted and made their plans for the evening. They ended a few moments later, so Barbara could finish getting ready for work and start looking forward to the upcoming evening. She hoped there wouldn’t be any interruptions to their plans.

\* \* \*

Later the next afternoon, Brad Wentworth was in the psych ward at the Gotham City jail, speaking with the Doctor who had examined his sister. They were slowly walking down a hallway, with rows of locked steel door on either side of them.

“I can assure you Mr. Wentworth that your sister’s doing just fine with us.”

“With all due respect, Doctor, I’d still like to take her to a private facility.” He replied, looking quite impeccable in his $2000 suit. “I wish to protect my sister from the public and the press, yet get her the best treatment money can buy to speed up her recovery. You can understand in our position we need to be more discreet that the general public can be.”

“I understand your situation, Mr. Wentworth, but even if I would allow it, I cannot. Your sister is still under arrest and has already been ordered by the state to undergo a through exanimation. To get her released to any other facility would require a court order and in this case, I just don’t see that happening for quite some time.”

“Of course Doctor.” Brad replied. “I just want what’s best for her and for her recovery.”

“I must be honest with you, your sister’s condition is not a good one.” The Doctor said as he read her chart. “Her delusion appears to be very deep seeded. I just wish I knew what triggered her to respond as she did.”

Brad stopped the doctor and dropped his voice to a whisper. “Might this shed some light on that?” he said handing him a small vile. “I found this, and several others, in her apartment.”

“Oh my, yes, this would explain it.” The Doctor replied. “These are very powerful drugs and can do many awful things to the mind. Do you know how long she had been using these?”

“My guess is not very long. She seemed very normal the last time we were together, so I suspect she was recently introduced to these. I ask that you keep this quiet, just between us.”

“Oh yes, of course. Well, even a dose or two of these can cause traumatic results. Dear me, this is even worse than I thought.” They started walking again.

“Ah, this is her room.” The doctor said as he peaked in the slot. “Yes, she’s quite calm right now, not like last night when she got here. She was a real wildcat. Oh, my apologies, I didn’t mean that. You can look if you like.”

Brad looked in. His sister was sitting on her bed in nothing but a simple hospital gown. She looked tired, but was holding something in her arms and was petting it.

“A stuffed cat.” The doctor replied when asked. “It’s the only thing, outside a sedative, that seems to sooth her.”

“Doctor, might I bring her something from home?”

“Oh yes, that would be helpful. Her favorite clothing, hairbrush, music might provoke her memory. A perfume would be good, one she wore often. Scents can trigger the mind to help recall….”

“I was thinking of her cat.” Brad interjected.

“Her cat? Oh my, I don’t know. I mean, considering her delusion, her condition and all….”

“She dearly loved her cat. And as you said, could spark a response.”

“Well, you do make a valid argument. I guess we could try it in a few weeks….”

No sooner than the doctor gave his approval did Brad use his phone. A few moments later, his attractive redheaded assistant came up carrying a small leather pet transport bag in one hand and an aluminum brief case in the other. Brad was allowed to take the cat and carrier into his sister’s cell.

“I’m glad to see you.” He said. Catherine looked up. Seeing Brad provoked no response from his sister, but she was excited to have a real cat. She cuddled the creature and pet it softly, purring and meowing to it as she did. Brad sat next to her.

“You’re Benefactor has a message for you.” He said very softly. “He’s going to get you out of here. There’s directions written in the bag. Do as it says.” He kissed his sister on her head and left, joining the doctor and his assistant in the hallway.

“After your examination and in your expert option, Doctor, in her current state, would you declare my sister incompetent to manage her own affairs?”

“Oh yes, most definitely. Why, in her state of mind….”

But before he could finish, Brad snapped his fingers. The redhead produced a folder containing several stacks of papers from the brief case she was carrying.”

“If you would, please sign these.” Brad said, the assistant holding out a pen.

“What are these?” the confused doctor said.

“As you have diagnosed, my sister is incompetent and unable to attend to both her personal and professional affairs. These are the legal documents declaring her so.”

“I didn’t exactly say that…”

“Doctor, I know this must seem very cold hearted of me to do such a thing at this time, but my sister is a very wealthy and powerful woman. We are talking about a lot of money, several charities and a very large corporate entity that all need to be protected. I need to protect her and her assets so that everything is still in place and intact when she is well again to resume her life, and that I have the resources to see that she does.”

“Well, I guess I can understand that.” The doctor said slowly. He signed several papers, not reading any and not knowing what he was consenting to.

Brad thanked the doctor as his assistant placed the documents back into the case. Brad made a show of having to leave but not wanting to by placing his hand on her cell door before walking away.

“Back to the office?” The sexy redhead asked once they were in his limousine, handing him a scotch on the rocks. Brad nodded.

Brad was quite pleased. Though it wasn’t the perfect ending, his position was better than it was even before his father died. The newly signed documents gave Brad control of his sister’s corporate holdings and all of her assets. His grip on power within the empire was stronger than ever and it would be next to impossible for someone to unseat him. Now the only one standing between him and absolute control was Jennifer.

And he’d get Catwoman to deal with her another time.

“You look happy.” the redhead said.

“What’s not to be happy about, other than my sister locked up in the nut house?” he replied. “I have a control over the empire and can move it forward my way. All and all, I feel pretty good right now. Make me reservations at Charhill’s tonight. Tell them I’m coming and have their best chef and wine on hand. Then go home and put on something sexy so you can join me. Then have the corporate jet ready for tomorrow and pack your bags. I need a little vacation and the island seems the perfect place for a few days. Just make sure you get those paper notarized.before you do anything else.”

“Yes sir. And thank you, sir.” Charhill’s was the best restaurant in town with one of the top 5 chefs in the country working for them and one of the finest wine cellars on the east coast. She made the call, making sure to use Brad’s name to get the best table as well.

She also knew that ‘something sexy’ meant wearing sexy lingerie and spending the night in his bed, and more that likely tied up and gagged as he took his pleasure on her and made her service his needs. The island meant more of the same, only going on for days rather than hours. Her exorbitant pay was not only to be his personal assistant but his mistress and kinky playtoy as well. She’d earn every dollar this week, and probably garner a bonus to keep her mouth shut about it all as well.

“Reservations are set for 8:00pm. Anything else I can do?” she said when she finished.

“Yes, I feel tense.” He added.

The redhead told the driver to take the long was back to the office before slipping down to her knees on the floor of the limo. This was the opening act of a long evening of delights. The food, the wine, the bondage and sex, she was actually looking forward to it. She carefully opened his pants and extracted his manhood, which was at full ridged attention. She slowly stroked the base as she kissed the head of his cock. She’d take her time, giving him the full enjoyment wanted before she’d fuck his cock with her lips and swallow his come, just as he liked.

This wasn’t the first time she’d suck his cock in this limousine and wouldn’t be the last time she would be his whore for next several days upcoming.

\* \* \*

A week later Barbara meet with Jennifer Wentworth, the first time she’d see her since the day the two women were kidnapped by Catwoman.

Excluding the events at the train station.

“Oh, I’m fine, really, thanks to that wonderful Batgirl.” Jennifer said as they dined on lunch. “I just wish I could thank her personally somehow.”

‘You just did’. Barbara thought to herself.

“I’m sure she knows how you feel.” She replied. “

“But this event has made me reflect on my life and who I am. So I have been thinking things over and I’m going to make some changes in my life.” Jennifer added.

“Such as?”

“Well, I’m not entirely sure about everything yet, but I’ve made one decision. I’m going to move out of the Wentworth family estate.”

Barbara nearly choked on her water. ”You’re what?”

“You heard me. The estate is so not me, so cold and empty. It only felt a like a home when Bartholomew was there. So I’m moving out, today. Even as we speak, the movers are at work and my new furniture will be delivered later today!”

“But what about the estate? “

“I’m turning it over to Bradley.” She added. “It was his home when he was a child and he loves it so. I should have done it in the first place. And when Catherine gets better, she can move in as well. After all, they are the blood family and it’s really their home. Bradley is going to sell his place and I’m going to move into Catherine’s suite in the city.”

“That sound like a tidy little plan.” Barbara said. ‘And there’s a prebuilt dungeon already set up for you there.’ Barbara thought, remembering what Dick told them about Catherine’s top floor suite. “And the top floor location will give me so much better security. Just make sure you change the security codes. Who knows who Catherine may have given her codes to while she lived there.”

“Oh yes, I hadn’t thought of that way. I’ll do that soon. Oh I do hope you will drop by from time to time and visit me there.” She added, already knowing about the special room. “It’s much closer to the city than the estate, so you wouldn’t need to spend so much time traveling when we get together.”

Barbara noticed several of the patrons were moving into the bar area and watching the TVs. Something was up, so she excused herself and went to look. The bartender was just turning up the volume. On the screen was a TV news helicopter circling around the Gotham City jail.

That was never a good thing.

“The facility administrator has confirmed to us that there has indeed been an escape by a handful of prisoners from the jail this morning, though he assures us that the public is not in danger. What is known is all the escapes are women from the facilities’ psych wing. No one knows how the 4 suspects escaped or when exactly they did, but none were in their cells this morning. I being told there’s an unconfirmed report that one of the escaped prisoners is none other than Catherine Wentworth, AKA the Catwoman who was just captured last week.”

‘Oh no, not again.’ Barbara said, mixing in with the other comments made by the people gather around the TV.

Barbara turned away. She saw Jennifer looking over at her. Barbara rallied herself and walked back to table.

“What is it?” Jennifer asked as Barbara sat down.

Barbara took the blonde’s hands into her own and looked her right in the eyes. “Jennifer, listen to me carefully, you need to get those codes changed right away, today, now even. And for the next day or two, check into a hotel, under a different name. Better yet, leave town. You need to disappear for the next several days till this thing gets resolved.”

“Barbara, what’s wrong? You’re frightening me.”

Barbara sighed. “Catwoman just escaped and is on the loose.”

\* \* \*

Catwoman stretched out on the long black leather couch. She ran a hand over her long legs, purring as she did. Though she didn’t know exactly where she was, the large cave she was in was conformable as it could be. There was food, beds and places to stretch out and nap on. It was dimly lit, and she liked it that way.

She looked down at the girl hogtied on the floor, squirming hard as she fought the ropes holding her tight, but digging the crotch rope pulled tightly against her clit. Catwoman sure did know how to get a girl roped up good and tight. Her sexy body, clad only in leopard print leotard and high heels, looked absolutely delicious. She planned to sample her skills shortly, once the lucky girl was properly aroused.

Two other girls, equally sexy and dressed the same as their hogtied friend, were busy playing with the hogtied gal, fondling her over the leotard and pressing a vibrator against her crotch. They seemed like the good playful little kittens Catwoman wanted.

Her fellow escapees and new posy of kittens were already totally devoted to their new mistress.

There were down in the underground caves below the Wentworth estate. Escaping the night before, with her posse in tow, they met with the van that was parked near the jail and drive into the night for hours. At last, they were each blindfolded and brought into the caves, none knowing where they are. Each kitten has her own bedroom in the cave, or at least her own cubby. They would start the round robin of sharing the night in their new mistress’ bed tonight.

Her Benefactor was standing nearby, hooded and unknown as before.

“Be patient my love.” She purred as he stroked the ass of one of her kittens. “I will get to Jennifer Wentworth soon enough. I have other plans first.”

The Benefactor nodded. “As beautiful as all you are, I didn’t get you out of that facility to watch you tie up and play with your little slave girls all day. I expect to get paid, as we agreed.”

“And you shall. But things need to be arranged first. As lovely as this little cradle is, I will find another place to hide my little litter. Then, I will start paying you back before I make another move on the soon to be late widow Wentworth. But before I go after her, I want to get rid of that little purple batbitch.”

The Benefactor nodded. “Very well. I expect your next payment in 30 day.” He tuned and left the cave, going up the steps. At the top of the steps, he removed his hood and used his key to unlock the door. Once he was back inside the estate, he headed up to his bedroom, grinning to himself that Catwoman had no idea where she was, who she really was or why she was doing his bidding. She even knew not to follow him up the steps and would punish her kittens if they dared to escape her litter, as she called it.

In his bedroom. The redhead secretary was tied spread eagle to his bed, struggling hard against the leather straps that held her down. Blindfolded and gagged, with a vibrator in her pussy and another on her clit, she had no idea her boss had left the room and just now returned. And she had no idea who was hiding a 100 feet below her. She had come once already and was about to climax again.

He stripped naked and crawled onto the bed, replacing the internal vibrator with his hard prick. His assistant climaxed almost immediately, thrashing in her bonds as she came hard as Brad humped her like mad.

‘I wonder how this bitch would look in a black vinyl catsuit and boots?’ he though as he was about to climax, “or purple body suit and cowling”

\* \* \*

Meanwhile, at Wayne the three capes crusaders were meeting down in the Batcave.

“I can’t believe it. She escaped!” Barbara said.

“Don’t worry Barbara,” Dick replied, trying to comfort her. “We’ll catch her again.”

“Dick’s right. Of course we will. It’s only a matter of time before we find her and get back behind bars.”

“I know you’re both right, but it’s what she does in the meantime that worries me. Do we know how it happened?”

“All signs point to it being an inside job. Someone got paid off and simply let her loose, along with the 3 other detainees that went along with her. But it looks like the money changed hands so many times we may never be able to trace it back to the source.” Bruce said.

“I bet I know the source.” Dick said.

“We all do, but proving it’s another story.”

“What do you think she’ll do now?” Barbara asked.

“For the immediate future, nothing. She’s goes into deep hiding and will stay that way licking her wounds. Then she’s make her next move, so we have time to figure it out and get to her first before she makes it.”

They talked for a few more minutes till they exhausted the ideas. They moved back to into the house, with Dick heading off to his room.

“I think it’s best if you spend the night here.” Bruce said.

“You think she’ll come after me tonight?”

“No, I don’t. But I think you need to be close to those who love you most right now.”

Bruce was right and she spent the night in Bruce Wayne’s bed, the place many a woman in Gotham City wish they could be. They held each other and he stayed up against her back the whole night, his arm over her, making her feel so safe and loved that she was able to sleep as well as oppose to worrying what the next weeks would bring.

For both Barbara Gordon and for Batgirl.
