---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/eroticstories/storiesad/the_best_game.html
subcategory: Spandex
title: The Best Game
authors:
- Frosted Moonwright
tags:
- F+/f
- F/f+
- game
- collar
- oral
- cuffs
- bond
- crop
- tg
- chastity
- flogger
- leash
- toys
- tease
- analhook
- strapon
- sybian
- anal
- climax
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-07-26 00:00:00
---

Tabitha slammed her laptop shut, muttering under her breath. Only bits of her words were audible in the room: “…shit dw Yasuo 0/10 powerspike no items…”

“What was that, Tabitha?” asked Maisie from her perch on a nearby divan.

The muttering continued, “imagine going full AP Malph and thinking you can 1v5 with a single engage…”

“You’re speaking in tongues again, kiddo,” Maisie smiled. She had heard many of this type of rant after a match with a less-than-ideal outcome. It wouldn’t be long before Tabitha came back down to earth.

“The meta is so fucking lame anyways. I mean duo ADC bot is even more cringe than tank mid…”

“I don’t know what that means, honey,” Maisie smiled. “Can you translate for me?”

Tabitha glared at her for a second, before letting the pent-up emotions slide away. She knew of the futility of trying to explain any of the complexities of the game to her friend. “Eh, forget about it,” she made a throwing-away motion with her hand. “Just another match with some scrubs that seem to have never played before. I’m fine.”

*Yeah, don’t believe that for a second. I’ve seen you this fired up before, and it usually takes ages before you’re back to baseline,* thought Maisie. *Let’s see if I can shorten that recovery.* “Jenna?” she called out. “Are you around?”

Their raven-haired roommate poked her head out from a nearby doorway. “Did I hear my name? I wasn’t really paying attention.”

“Are you busy? I have a suggestion for a way to help Tabitha recover from her recent ordeal.”

Tabitha rolled her eyes in exaggerated indignation. “I don’t need help to **recover**, muppet. I… probably should just play League a bit less than I do.”

“Are you saying that you **don’t** want to take part in this game I have in mind? I even wrote a program to keep it fair for the three of us.”

There was a very pregnant pause as Tabitha digested this information. She **loved** their games. A thousand images of her partners writhing and gasping and wordlessly crying out flashed through her mind. “…On second thought, that match **was** pretty traumatizing…”

Maisie and Jenna shared a look of suppressed amusement at the transparent deception. *We have* _**got***_to teach that girl to advocate for herself better,* thought Maisie. *I suggested the game, I wrote the program, obviously I want to do it, so why does she feel she needs to ‘trick’ me into allowing her in? Sigh…*

Jenna, ever the diplomat, slid in smoothly. “If now isn’t a good time, we can always rain-check. I have this new anime that I think the two you might like. It’s about a girl and her brother having to survive after an earthquake…”

Tabitha backpedaled quickly – to Maisie’s unspoken relief – “Maybe that can wait for another time, Jenna,” she said. “Maisie, tell us about this game?”

“It’s a relatively simple program. Think of it like a digital ‘spin the bottle’ game, but I’ve added a few things. It picks a top, a bottom, and an item from our toy collection. The top uses the item in question on the bottom. Whoever is not selected as either top/bottom can ‘help’ the action however they choose to, but I’d request that they limit themselves to minor complementary things rather than distracting or overwhelming. Get the idea?” At their nods, she continued, “Any particular toys or actions that either of you don’t want to be an option in the game?” She pulled out a laptop and opened some type of configuration page.

“No backdoor action for me, please,” shrugged Jenna. “No prep.”

“Easy enough to change,” said Maisie as she typed in some changes. “Tabitha? I know you have some reservations about certain… body parts.”

Tabitha blushed wildly, as she did every time this was brought up. “Yeah, thanks. I don’t mind it being touched, but I don’t want to stick it in anything or anyone.”

“Of course, my dear,” smiled Maisie. “You know we’ve got your back. We won’t even judge you if you decide to date one of your many chasers,” she added with a lascivious wink.

Tabitha grimaced at the well-worn joke. They all knew this idea had zero appeal to anyone except the tactless online predator, safe in his anonymity.

Maisie continued, “I’ve already removed the action that I would prefer to not take, and no, I’m not going to tell you what it was. You’ll just have to guess. Any final questions before we start?”

The other girls both shook their heads, and Jenna started stretching out her shoulders, drawing both of their eyes to her. Her slender, flexible frame was the envy of many, including both of them. Maisie often felt ungainly with her generous curves – emphasized by her short stature – and voluminous curls, but they were accompanied by steel-blue eyes and a mind like a razor. Jenna’s sleek black hair and soft warm brown eyes hid her own cleverness when she wanted, as it was doing now. Tabitha, by comparison, often felt entirely too lanky in her long frame, with limbs and skeleton victims of half-a-lifetime of the wrong hormones. She did not have a ‘manly’ figure or face or any of her other frequent worries, as her partners frequently reminded her, but she retained a persistent envy of Jenna’s dainty build.

Maisie smiled and pressed the button, initiating the game. Three individual spinners showed up on the screen, and gradually slowed to their randomly-selected results.

“Ok, Round 1: Tabitha makes out with Jenna. Think you two can manage that? I’ll set a timer so you don’t get too distracted.”

Tabitha started to shoot a glare at Maisie, but was distracted at the last second by Jenna turning her ‘trick’ on. They had discussed it at length, and even Jenna didn’t really know what it was, but they all – including many other friends and occasional partygoers – agreed that it inescapably made her the focus. **Everybody** noticed when she did it, and it was basically impossible to ignore. Tabitha reacted no differently – as Jenna expected – other than a little more open-mouthed than most as she tried to rally mentally. Jenna slid up to her and draped a slender-fingered hand against the side of her face.

“Do you not **want** to kiss me, Tabitha?” she pouted. “I thought you **liked** kissing me. You seemed to last time, at least.” She decided to help her slightly-addled friend. Her second hand joined the first on the opposite side of Tabitha’s face, her fingertips tightened, and she pulled the taller girl’s face downwards to her own height, so she could wake her up.

The initial kiss certainly did seem to wake Tabitha up. *I love the sounds she makes when Jenna does that,* thought Maisie. *Not quite a whimper, not quite a moan.* For a few seconds, Tabitha just revelled in the kiss, seemingly unsure of what to do with her hands. Then, as her rational brain finally caught up to the present, she gently wrapped her arms around the shorter woman and returned her kiss with enthusiasm.

Jenna **loved** kissing Tabitha, possibly more than anybody else she had ever kissed. There was a… fire to it that so few had or were able to express reasonably. A hunger, maybe for time lost and experiences missed, but it wasn’t aggressive or harsh. It was all softness and sweetness and yet had an edge that she’d almost call starvation, as if this very one was the first kiss she’d ever experienced.

Maisie watched the two women kissing, and idly wondered how she should ‘help’ the situation. What she really wanted was to be between the two sets of lips, maybe one on either side of her neck? But it wasn’t her turn just yet. Instead, she reached out to the distracted girls and began to help them out of their clothes. Fortunately, it was the weekend, so their chosen outfits were relaxed and comfortable. Jenna’s silky robe slipped off easily, revealing a slinky satin pair of panties and nothing else. She left this for the moment, and turned her attention to Tabitha. The comfy terrycloth shorts were slowly slid down her toned thighs, while Maisie resisted adding her own kisses to the scenario – after all, it wasn’t her turn. The thin t-shirt – covered in cats – was slowly pulled over Tabitha’s head, her arms unresisting as they were directed upwards, and was followed in short order by a bra with cartoon burritos on it. She couldn’t quite resist briefly caressing the sides of her breasts, but avoided any particularly-excitable points. *For now,* she thought.

As if the two distracted women had heard her thoughts, they briefly broke the kiss, looked at Maisie together, and simultaneously moved to relieve her of her own clothes. The echoing laughter of the three of them filled their home with music. In short order, the three of them were down to just panties, with the rest of their clothes haphazardly strewn on the floor. *Not a terrible sight,* thought Maisie for perhaps the hundredth time.

“Ok, since you two seem to have decided that you’re done with the round, we can move on the next one. Shiny?” At their nods, she hit the laptop button to roll the dice for the next round. “Round 2: Jenna puts a collar on Tabitha. Hehehehe, I **like** this game,” she giggled to herself, watching their reactions. Jenna’s was predictable: a cool assurance without any malice. As always, she would fulfil her role exactly as needed, never giving a hint at insecurity or some hidden joke. Tabitha, on the other hand, always looked a bit more distracted when this type of thing happened. It was like she was internally trying to create some ‘appropriate’ mask of a facial expression, but her internal desires were overwhelming the system before it could be managed. The wide grin just barely peeking out of the corners of her mouth and the warmth leaking out of her eyes gave indication to her emotions, as much as she habitually tried to suppress them.

Jenna retrieved their preferred collar from the nearby toy box. It was supple leather, black, and well-loved, with a silver ring in the front. “Kneel for me, kitten,” she instructed without any particular intensity, as she knew it wasn’t needed. None of them missed the small shiver that Tabitha tried to hide. As she slid to her knees in front of the much-shorter woman, Tabitha’s mouth hung partially open in anticipation.

Jenna mirrored her previous action, stroking the side of Tabitha’s face. She walked around Tabitha slowly, gathering her long hair up in her hands. Tabitha’s sensitive neck was always fun to touch ever-so-lightly, just to watch the shivers travel up and down her body. Once all her hair was gathered, and Jenna was standing behind the kneeling woman, she used her free hand to drape the collar around her neck. As Tabitha’s breath shortened due to the sensation, Jenna tightened the straps – just enough so that it wasn’t forgettable, but not so much to cut off air or blood flow or mobility. She then walked back around to the front, took hold of the silver loop, and bent over slightly at the hips while pulling upwards to draw Tabitha’s face to her own.

“Are you going to be a good girl for me?” she asked huskily. Tabitha immediately scrunched her eyes shut and bit her lip. “I can’t heeeeear you,” teased Jenna.

“Yes, miss,” Tabitha stammered, blushing wildly. They all knew of her predilection in this way, and couldn’t always keep from teasing her about it. *She’s just so much fun,* thought Jenna.

Tabitha looked up as a small noise pierced her consciousness. Her eyes snapped to Maisie, who had her phone out and was taking pictures of their interaction. Somehow, this both made her more embarrassed and desperate to get copies of those pictures.

Maisie smiled as she looked at the pictures. One of them highlighted the scenario perfectly: Jenna, mostly naked, holding the kneeling and also nearly-naked Tabitha’s collar in between a couple fingers, while making intense eye contact. Tabitha’s lip bite sealed the image for her taste. *Definitely making that one my phone wallpaper…*

“Maisie?” asked Jenna. “Is it time for the next round? I don’t want Tabitha to melt into an adorable puddle right here.” Tabitha looked like she was about to generate some unique secure passwords.

“Alright, I guess,” Maisie conceded. “She does look pretty adorable, I will admit.” At Tabitha’s further flushing, she laughed, “Ok, ok, no bursting into flames!” *Yet*, she thought with a smile.

The laptop button was pressed, and a new collection of values were picked. “Round 3: I perform oral on Jenna,” Maisie said. “Think you’re ready for that, little one?” she asked rhetorically. She knew that the previous makeout and collaring actions would have Jenna warmed up nicely.

Jenna smirked, sliding into her domme facade. “It has been a bit since you’ve properly served me,” she smiled as she slid onto a nearby couch. “But remember to behave yourself properly,” she threatened mildly.

Maisie suppressed a smile and adopted the character. She knew she was more domme-leaning, but was switchy enough that she could manage this for the sake of the scene. “Miss? You look stressed. Would you like me to help?” She kneeled by the side of the couch and settled onto her heels.

“I’ll allow it,” Jenna smirked imperiously, “but no more talking.” She knew that this sort of imposed silence would annoy Maisie, which she would probably return in kind at some later point.

Maisie reached up for Jenna’s underwear, so she could slide it down and get to work.

“Ah ah!” Jenna interrupted with a tut. “That’s not proper behavior. I know you’ve been better trained than that.”

Maisie narrowed her eyes, thought for a second, then realized what was being hinted at. She folded her arms behind her and clasped her opposite elbows. Then she leaned forward and took the waistband of Jenna’s panties in her teeth. Slowly, she worked first one side and then the other down her legs, slowly revealing the neatly-trimmed and quite damp pussy. She briefly breathed in that difficult-to-define scent, and then began to kiss Jenna’s thighs and waist. She slowly and teasingly moved in towards her target, encouraged by Jenna’s writhing and audible enjoyment. She enjoyed reclaiming a bit of the power in the scenario, even if she was supposed to be playing the sub role.

And then, just as she was getting settled into the rhythm of the tease-and-touch, she herself twitched as a softly buzzing vibrator was touched to her own vulnerable crotch. *Tabitha!* she thought. *That little minx!* She barely managed to keep her arms in their position, and focused her mental efforts on completing her current task. Fortunately, the vibrator was low-enough power that it wasn’t likely to do much other than distract her. *Still, I may owe our little kitten one as well…* Still, her task currently was one of her favorites. She loved making Jenna squirm, and knew just how to do so. Her hungry tongue sought out each and every sensitive spot, and in short order, Jenna was breathing heavily and seemed unable to sit still for some reason.

And then the timer beeped, signifying the end of the round. A small moan of frustration came from the petite woman, but they all knew there was more to come, so it wasn’t like the game was over just yet. Maisie withdrew from between Jenna’s legs with one final slow flicker of her tongue, before sensually licking her lips to savor the flavor of her lover.

“Hmm, that wasn’t so bad, eh Jenna?” she asked. “I suppose I could have dragged it out longer…”

Jenna laughed. “We’ll see what the next round brings, bitch! Maybe it’ll be your turn to be teased!”

Maisie hit the button on her laptop to advance the game. After a few seconds, the randomized rolls were selected. “Round 4: I put cuffs on Tabitha.” Turning to Tabitha, “Terribly sorry, my dear, I know how much you dislike cuffs,” she said facetiously to the freshly-blushing girl. “The feel of that rich, supple leather wrapping snugly about those slender wrists, letting me control you so much more easily…” She laughed as Tabitha visibly overrode her own distraction and held her hands out with an impotent glare.

*Should I make her kneel for me to put them on?* wondered Maisie. *She’d probably like that, but the instructions don’t say anything about it.* As she pondered, she saw Jenna stealthily retrieve a long feather from their box, and decided against any additional changes. Maisie retrieved the thick black leather cuffs from their box, and casually stretched them while Tabitha seemed entirely unable to tear her eyes away. *They match her collar nicely, if I do say so.*

Maisie reached up for one of Tabitha’s wrists – *dang she’s tall,* she thought – but instead of immediately wrapping the cuff around it, she pulled it down to her lips first, leaving a trail of light kisses all over her forearm, lingering especially on her inner wrist. As she did, Jenna had brought her feather into range, and startled Tabitha out of her blissful reverie by a gentle touch to her side. The ‘eep!’ Tabitha made brought smiles to everybody, but Maisie didn’t let either of her hands move away, and kept her slow, light kissing. Jenna’s feather was wandering all over Tabitha’s exposed torso, tickling ribs and underarms and shoulders and neck. In short order, Tabitha was covered in goosebumps, and seemed to be having a great deal of trouble standing still. Maisie ever-so-slowly wrapped the cuff around Tabitha’s wrist, making sure to maintain tension on it the whole time. Once it was in place, she buckled it in place, firmly but not tightly. She closely watched Tabitha’s expression while doing this, gauging the right times to pull or push just a bit. The distracting feather continued its travels, but she could tell that Tabitha’s focus was definitely on the cuffs.

Once both cuffs were on her wrists, Maisie clipped them together with a short two-sided snap hook. It wasn’t a very secure setup, but easy to modify if needed. Then, almost as an afterthought, she took hold of this connector with the palm of her hand, and firmly pulled Tabitha towards her. She knew that the girl loved the feeling of having her hands controlled in this manner, and the resulting tremor across her features was further proof of this. *Goddess, but she’s fun to play with,* thought Maisie warmly.

Maisie left the emotionally floating girl behind for a second, and reached to her laptop to initiate the next round. “Round 5: Jenna uses the crop on me. Crap,” she smiled grudgingly. “First ‘punishment’ roll we’ve gotten.”

Jenna’s smile was much more vibrant. “It has been a bit since I’ve gotten to spank that lovely ass of yours, Maisie.” She picked up the crop and waved it about ominously. “I guess you had better assume the position.” She pointed imperiously to the couch, still grinning.

Maisie somewhat reluctantly moved to her hands and knees on the couch. Jenna lovingly helped her out of her own panties, letting her hands linger on the lush flesh. As Maisie closed her eyes and enjoyed the touch, the first swat was a surprise. It was more noise than pain, but definitely was a sharp sensation. Jenna spread her strikes all over Maisie’s butt and thighs, aiming for an even red color. She knew once she got to that point, all the area would be universally sensitive, and any further hits would have even better effects.

As Maisie held her position, elbows locked, eyes closed, she felt the couch shift a bit. She briefly opened her eyes to see Tabitha – grinning like an idiot, hands still cuffed together – squirming underneath her. “What are you – *ahh* – up to, little minx?” she asked, interrupted briefly by a stroke from Jenna.

“I’m helping!” Tabitha enthused. With that, she had wiggled herself directly underneath Maisie, and lifted her cuffed hands over Maisie’s head to wrap around her neck. “See?” And she pulled Maisie downward for a kiss.

*This is… distracting,* thought Maisie. *I could handle just the crop without too much problem. But this…* The kissing was just the right mix of softness and enthusiasm, and was just enough to pull her mind away from the next crop stroke, so it was always a surprise when it landed.

Tabitha pulled her head to the side and started kissing up her neck and jawline. She whispered into Maisie’s ear, “it’s really too bad you cuffed my hands together. I’d love to hold you here with one tangled in your hair and have the other free to find that sweet spot between your succulent thighs…”

Maisie’s eyes closed and her mouth fell open as she imagined the scenario. Tabitha’s kisses explored her ear and neck while her hands teased the hairs on the back of her neck. *Kissing her like this… Her hand teasing me… Jenna using her tongue or a strap on me…* Her arms shook with the effort of not collapsing onto her lover.

And then the timer beeped, indicating the round was over. “Oh. My. Goddess!” said Maisie. “You two are **mean** to me. Not sure I’m going to be able to stand up now.” She got to her very wobbly feet, gingerly inspecting her cherry-colored backside and her dripping front. She looked down to where Tabitha was reclining with her cuffed hands over her head, still grinning like the Cheshire Cat.

“Maybe we should try that again sometime?” asked Jenna. “I’d like to see what Maisie would do with an hour or so of that?”

“Nevermind, you,” interrupted Maisie before she spiraled into the scenario again. She stumbled over to the laptop to initiate the next round. “Round 6: I give Tabitha oral. Looks like it’s payback time, bitch,” she laughed. “Now, do you want to stand or stay laying down?”

“You know I can’t stay upright during,” said Tabitha sheepishly. “I… forget how to stand up.”

“Then you stay down there, kitten,” Maisie instructed. “Are you ready for me?” She knew the previous kissing had had some equally-arousing effects on Tabitha, but her collection of dysphoria meant that sometimes it took more explicit efforts to coax her out to play.

Tabitha nodded, sliding her shoulders around on the couch to stimulate the nerves and distract herself. “You know I enjoy it, just my stupid brain gets in the way sometimes.”

“Well then, let me help, love,” Maisie said amorously. She slid her hands up Tabitha’s thighs and supported her weight there while she planted kisses on Tabitha’s torso and hips. Tabitha’s gasps were music, and her squirms and wriggles were mostly stymied by Maisie’s pressure. She could see that her strategy was working, as the panties below her were being stretched by the growing erection inside them. She reached her hands up to the waistband of the panties, and slowly slid them downwards over Tabitha’s legs. Despite that her official goal was now technically accessible, she decided to tease a bit more first, and continued to kiss and nibble at the areas that were previously covered. *There’s that nice soft inner thigh skin that I don’t get to taste nearly often enough,* thought Maisie. *I should be sure to let her know that I really do enjoy this. She worries too much about it.*

Tabitha was watching this progress, cuffed hands still hanging listlessly above her head. She seemed to be managing to keep her focus so far, but little telltales in her face suggested that she was enjoying the experience. She was a bit surprised when Jenna took hold of her cuffs’ connector, pulling just enough to put some tension on her arms.

“I think she’s ready for you, Maisie,” said Jenna. “I’ll make sure she doesn’t run away.”

“I wasn’t planning on running anywhere!” interjected Tabitha. “I’m behaving, remembrrrrrrrrr,” she trailed off as Maisie’s mouth found the head of her eager arousal. *That magic mouth…* her fragmenting train of thought managed to eke out.

Maisie took a great deal of pleasure in making Tabitha melt in this way. She would have described herself as “100% lesbian” in her earlier days, and now had decided that that hadn’t changed. *I* _**love***_women,* she thought, *and some women have dicks. Probably loses me some points with the ‘gold star’ crowd, but who gives a shit what those idiots think?* And then she discarded the train of thought and focused on getting her lover to have as good an experience as she could. Her soft lips wrapped around the head and she teased the underside with her tongue, drawing out soft sighs. In her teasing, she’d intermittently let her mouth slide all the way down Tabitha’s penis, just to hear the little gasp from her partner.

Jenna was watching this and trying to figure out how to add to it. *What I’d* _**like***, she thought,_is to sit on Tabitha’s lovely face right now, but that’s probably too far for the helper role. I know* _**she’d***_enjoy it, but still, it’s not my turn either…* After some consideration, she unclipped the cuffs that she was still holding on to, and moved Tabitha’s unresisting arms towards her torso. She attached each cuff to a loop on the side of Tabitha’s collar. As Tabitha was only about half-aware of what was happening, she pulled a bit on each arm before realizing what had happened. Jenna then leaned over and whispered intensely in her ear, “You feel that? You can’t get away now. You’re **ours**, and there’s nothing you can do about it. You’re stuck until we decide to let you loose. Maybe we’ll take turns playing with you. Maybe we’ll just tease you and keep you aroused but not coming. Would you like it if I sat on your face right now?”

Tabitha’s moaning was continuous at this point, and Jenna knew that it wasn't just because of Maisie’s skills. She was writhing and squirming endlessly, but not trying to escape. Jenna knew that her whispers hadn’t actually worried the girl because there was no actual threat, but the idea was enough to send their ‘victim’s arousal skyrocketing.

*Beep beep*, said the timer. Tabitha made a highly-frustrated noise. Jenna suspected that Maisie hadn’t tried to get her off that quickly, and confirmed her suspicion by Maisie’s shrewd expression. *I should probably tease her more often,* thought Jenna, *need to return that favor on occasion.*

Maisie retreated to her laptop, leaving Tabitha to try to recover. Now that she was unable to even touch herself, she was fully dependent on others for any pleasure, which was a position that all of them liked to put her into. *Frustration is good for the soul,* thought Maisie, *especially for her.*

“Ok, Round 7: Jenna sits on Tabitha’s face. What?” Maisie asked as the other two girls both laughed at the same time.

“Literally the last thing I said to her during the last round was asking her if she would like it if I sat on her face,” answered Jenna. “She seemed to like the idea at the time. I didn’t expect it to actually happen.”

Tabitha seemed to be more desperate for it. “Jennaaaa, stop teasing me. Get over here already. I need to taste you…” she whined.

Jenna did her best to look magnanimous. “Well, if the game says I have to, I guess I have no choice in the matter.” She laughed at Tabitha’s expression, as it looked like she was about to levitate off the couch and chase Jenna around. She slipped her own panties off, stepped over to the coach where Tabitha was still reclining, hands cuffed to her neck, and straddled her torso/shoulders. As she looked downward at her prone lover’s openly lustful face, Jenna smiled and decided to briefly taunt her again. “Hmm, maybe I shouldn’t. It’d be a shame to mess up that pretty face. I’m happy enough just watching her enjoy herself.”

Tabitha’s face cycled though a bunch of emotions before finally settling on a combination of frustration and irritation. “Damn it, Jenna, who do you tease me so much? Can’t you see that I need to taste you?” She tried to stretch her face up to her partner’s visibly damp pussy, but couldn’t quite reach.

Just when Jenna was about to continue the taunting, she felt Maisie’s hands wrap around her from behind, squeezing her breasts and pushing her torso down onto Tabitha’s waiting form.

“You behave yourself too, little one,” said Maisie’s voice in her ear. As Tabitha’s eager mouth began its exploration of Jenna’s welcoming pussy, Maisie’s fingers began their work on her hard nipples. The dancing tongue and stroking fingertips seemed to work in concert to drive her own arousal through the roof. Her own hands hung limply at her sides, content to revel in the sensations she was being subjected to rather than taking charge of them on her own.

Looking downward at her prone lover, eyes closed, hands cuffed to her neck, body pinned underneath her legs, Jenna again wondered how she’d gotten so lucky with these two. Never in her life had she expected to find a partner – much less two – who seemed to match her so perfectly. They knew all the buttons – physical and emotional – to drive her sky-high, and she’d never even needed to explain any of them. It was like they could hear what she was wanting. At the same time, looking at her lover’s face and feeling her other lover’s breath on her neck, she knew that both of them felt the same way. She could almost guarantee that each of them felt that they were getting the best deal.

While both the sensations and emotional aspect of the current setup was feeling **great**, Jenna didn’t think she’d be able to finish within the short timer specified by the game, so she didn’t worry about it. She just existed in the moment, savoring the sensations and sounds. And half-expectedly, the timer beeped, and Jenna let out a long sigh. “How could I ever be worthy of you two?” she absently wondered. She noticed that Tabitha had not stopped licking her, and was not entirely sure that she’d heard the timer due to her singular focus.

Uncharacteristically, Maisie giggled from a few steps away. Jenna looked up to see Maisie holding her laptop showing her the screen, but angled in a way where Tabitha couldn’t see it. It read “Round 8: Jenna > cage > Tabitha”. Jenna grinned silently, *Tabitha will love that, and also hate it at the same time. Lucky for us she’s the one who enjoys frustration.*

“Kitten, you had better continue that for a bit, or you won’t get to participate in the next round,” Jenna mock-threatened. As she did, she half-stood, keeping her pussy within tongue range, and slowly rotated around, so that she was facing Tabitha's legs instead of her head. Maisie had retrieved her chastity cage from the box, and handed it to Jenna, who expertly opened it. They both looked at Tabitha’s still-straining erection – facesitting was one of her favorite activities, so it was no surprise that she was still aroused – and Maisie practically ran to their shared kitchen. She returned in short order with several ice cubes from the freezer and a wicked smile.

When Maisie’s cold wet hands touched Tabitha’s erection, she arched her back and briefly cried out through Jenna’s lips. Tabitha’s hands were still attached to her collar, so she couldn’t do anything about the situation. The ice cubes and cold hands quickly made her erection shrink.

“What…” Tabitha started to ask, pulling away from Jenna briefly.

“Shut it!” interjected Jenna. “We’re busy, and you have a job to do. Get to it, kitten.” With a bit of a whimper and a definite suspicion of what was happening, Tabitha leaned back into her task. Once her penis was shrunk enough, Jenna slipped the base of the cage over it, and pushed the head into its slot. These pieces were slowly pushed together, tighter and tighter, until they were able to be attached. Once in place, the cage was secured with a small padlock.

As the ice lost its effect, Tabitha could definitely feel the pressure of the cage imprisoning her penis. “Oh, **oh**, oh no,” she said. “But I was close! The heat is spreading inside me…” Jenna and Maisie shared brilliant grins with each other. *Poor little kitten,* thought Maisie, *NOT.*

Jenna climbed off Tabitha, revealing her long arms cuffed to her collar, a simultaneously blissful and frustrated expression on her face, perky breasts with very erect nipples, a toned stomach, a small chastity cage on her dick, and long muscular legs trying desperately to squeeze together enough to satiate the burning arousal in her stomach. Both Jenna and Maisie took a few seconds to soak in the view. *Wish I still had my camera,* thought Maisie.

Nevertheless, it was time for the next round. She hit the button to start the spinner. “Round 9: Tabitha gives me oral,” smiled Maisie. She noticed that Tabitha shuddered a bit at the continued stimulation she was receiving. Maisie stepped to a nearby chaise lounge and settled in. “Well?” she asked. “I’m waiting!” For some reason, teasing Tabitha in these moments seemed to stoke both of their fires.

Tabitha shakily got up from her couch and slowly walked over to the lounge, but without moving her knees. It was like allowing any movement from her waist or hips would be too much to handle. Due to the height of the lounge, Tabitha had no choice but to kneel down, sit on her heels, and lean forward. Her bound hands made balancing somewhat awkward, but she found a position that allowed her to use her desperate tongue on her lover without falling forward.

And Maisie was very wet. *It seems that she’s been enjoying this game too,* thought Tabitha. *Which part? Was it me getting teased? Caged? Tormented in general? Oh well, doesn’t matter, at least I get a little payback.*

Maisie’s train of thought was not wildly different. *Holy shit that feels so good. I should cage her more often! Fuuckkkkkkkk,* her thoughts stretched the word out. *This is gonna take about five seconds!* She felt the pressure building up to an explosive climax… And then Tabitha pulled her head away! She opened her eyes, ready to unleash a tirade of her disapproval, and saw that it was **not** Tabitha that had pulled her head away, but actually Jenna that had pulled Tabitha’s head away! **That** wasn’t fair!

Jenna broke the silence, “Don’t mind me, I’m just ‘helping’ enhance the experience, as requested.” She grinned innocently, “It seemed like a good time. Well, back to it, kitten!” And she drove Tabitha’s face back into Maisie’s dripping pussy.

As the eager tongue went back to work, Maisie remained slightly frustrated. Some of the moment was gone! But her enthusiastic and earnest lover was actively reigniting it. It could still happen! And she felt it building again, slower than the last time, but still with enough impetus. *I hope that timer doesn’t go off,* she thought half-worriedly.

And just as she was reaching her point of no return, Jenna pulled Tabitha’s face away again! “You’re not doing it right, kitten,” Jenna instructed Tabitha mock-angrily. “Do we need to re-teach you how to do it properly?” When she shoved her face back into its spot, Tabitha drove in with a redoubled fury, licking furiously and sucking hard and even nibbling a bit. Maisie reached up to her own breasts and twisted her nipples to provide that extra bit of stimulation.

*Beep, beep,* said that tormenting timer. “DAMMIT!” yelled Maisie. “Jenna, you’re **toast** next time I get my hands on you!”

Jenna was the picture of innocence. “What did I do?” she asked. “I’m just trying to be helpful.” They could practically see the halo over her head.

“Eh, pbbbbbbbbbbth, you’re impossible,” Maisie let her anger slide away unspent. “Ok, what’s next?” She pressed the buttons on her laptop. “Round 10: I get to flog Tabitha!” A bit of the malicious smile came back to her face. “You’re gonna regret not getting me to come, bitch,” she laughed, both of them knowing full well that it wasn’t Tabitha who controlled that particular aspect.

Tabitha had not risen from her kneeling position, and was just waiting for the next command instead. The others recognized a bit of her sub-leaning side exhibiting itself, and independently wondered how best to make use of it.

“Tabitha,” Maisie commanded. “Rise, and come stand by the back of this chair.” She dramatically stretched the coils of the recently-retrieved flogger, making them creak. Tabitha visibly scrunched up her shoulders at the sound, as Maisie had expected that she would. When she was in position, leaning her hips against the heavy chair for balance, she appeared to be trying to mentally prepare herself for the impending experience.

*Slap!* spoke the flogger, and a low-pitched “oooo” came from Tabitha. As more strokes rained down on a steady tempo, her back began to arch to spread out the impacts over her backside. At slow speeds, floggers cause more noise than pain, but they can escalate quickly in the hands of a skilled practitioner. And Maisie was an artist with it. She knew exactly how to time the strokes – and how to aim them – to get the ideal effects. Tabitha’s noises were also a very good indicator that things were developing nicely. Maisie increased her speed and intensity slightly, drawing more verbal affirmation from her willing target.

Jenna stepped in front of Tabitha, on the other side of the couch, and briefly held her chin in between her fingers. “Yes, I think this will work,” she said cryptically, before revealing the long leash in her hands. Maintaining the tension on Tabitha’s chin even in the face of the continued strokes from Maisie, she clipped the leash to her collar. “Now,” she said imperiously, “stand up straight, no slouching.” As she pulled the leash taut, Tabitha’s balance was forced forward just a bit. She had to stand on her tiptoes to counterbalance the pressure. This highlighted her well-toned hamstrings and calves as they combined to maintain her posture. The tension this put her under seemed to multiply the effect of Maisie’s strikes on her legs.

“Ah, ah, eyes up!” tutted Jenna. “And keep them open, kitten.”

Tabitha’s hands danced in her cuffs, still pinned next to her face, as they were about the only body part she could move without falling over. Her eyes watered as she tried to maintain eye contact with the cool vixen in front of her, as the repeated strokes to her backside and legs made her want to do nothing but fall over and moan. Maisie was building her inner fire higher than she knew was possible. She’d have thought it ridiculous before this, but now knew that she very well might orgasm just from this…

So naturally, the timer’s beep told her that she wouldn’t, and she collapsed dramatically on the chair as Jenna released her leash. “Ohhhh, that was mean,” she squirmed her legs wildly against the chair to try to soothe the burning skin, but couldn’t touch them with her hands. *And something I may have to have her try again…* she thought to herself. Just as she thought she’d get no imminent relief, she felt cool hands on the back of her thigh, and a generous mouth kissing the inflamed skin. “*Ohhhh*,” she said with an entirely different emphasis. “Mmmm, what are you *dooooing*?”

“Maisie, that’s not allowed in the rules,” Jenna said sternly. “You wouldn’t want to be called out for misbehavior, would you? I already have some ideas of penances you may owe…”

Maisie pulled away from Tabitha’s thighs with an abashed look. *That threat is* _**probably***_empty,* she thought, *but I’m not sure I want to test it right now.* “Of course,” she stammered briefly. “On to the next round?”

Jenna nodded, and Tabitha looked mostly like she wasn’t paying attention, which wasn’t entirely a surprise. Maisie hit the button on her laptop, watched the spinners roll, and read the result, “Round 11: I use a dildo on Jenna. Heh, ‘penance’ I guess?” she asked with a smile.

Jenna maintained her imperious persona. “I guess it’ll have to do,” she said drily. “I think… the purple one. And try to do a good job this time.” As Maisie turned to retrieve the purple dildo from their box, Jenna added, “And don’t you roll your eyes at me!” *Shit, how’d she know?* wondered Maisie, unable to see the silent laughter on Jenna’s face.

Jenna relaxed onto the divan, draping herself as if surrounded by minions with fans and grapes for her to eat. “Come, my minion, and pleasure your mistress,” she intoned, summoning some of her long-unused theater skills.

When Maisie touched her with the dildo, much of the haughty facade dropped. She was **very** wet from their cumulative play. Even though the dildo was a good size, it slid in without any resistance other than a low-pitched *oooohhhh*… from her suddenly-slack mouth. Her hands twisted aimlessly and clutched at the fabric of the divan above her head.

The dildo glided in and out, smoothly and deliciously. It twisted and pressed against her internals, as if it had a mind of its own. Jenna could no longer feel the divan she was laying on, and felt as if she was being pulled through the sky by her eager twat.

Jenna’s train of thought was suddenly interrupted by a new sensation: Tabitha’s soft lips being pressed longingly into her own desperate mouth. Jenna made a wordless whine, not quite happiness, not quite frustration.

“What’s that, Jenna?” Tabitha asked after pulling back briefly from the kiss. She figured she looked ridiculous with her hands cuffed to her collar, looming over her reclining lover, but couldn’t resist taking in the vision below her. “Did you not **want** to kiss me?” she intentionally imitated the conversation from earlier. “I thought you **liked** kissing me.”

Jenna made a noise of ardent frustration from deep in her throat – interrupted cutely by Maisie briefly changing her technique – before reaching up to grab Tabitha with both hands. She pulled her bound lover down to her face to kiss with an exuberant passion, which Tabitha delightedly reciprocated.

Maisie grinned as the two joyously made out above her, and focused on her own task. Jenna was so sublimely sensitive to some of these toys, Maisie could almost do no wrong in how she maneuvered the toy. Every change in angle, depth, tempo, or other motion seemed to cause new tremors in the reclining beauty, not to mention the enchanting noises that were desperately trying to escape the nearby lip lock.

*Beep, beep,* spoke the timer. Maisie smiled, expecting some signs of further frustration from Jenna, but was surprised to not hear any. As she looked up, Tabitha was sitting off to the side, her expression tranquilly floating. Maisie had seen this before, and knew that Tabitha was in her own world, happy and safe and content. Jenna was just softly smiling, eyes still closed, clearly enjoying the sweeping sensations so much that it didn’t even matter that they had stopped. For some reason, this struck Maisie directly to the heart more than she expected, and was inundated with an irrepressible love. *Shit, I’ve got it* _**bad***_for these two. I can only hope to someday be worthy of them.*

“Ready for the next round?” Maisie asked gently. “Or do we need some time to come down from that last one?”

Jenna chuckled lightly. “I’m good, I’m good, I’m just resting…”

Tabitha had also come back to herself enough to answer, “I’m ready whenever. This has been **really** fun so far,” she added dreamily. “I’m glad I decided to play…”

*If you could only hear yourself, kitten,* thought Maisie. *I wish you could see you how we see you. You’re maybe the most self-conscious person I know, and it’s entirely unwarranted.*

Sighing to rid herself of the inner quandary, Maisie pressed her laptop button. “Round 12: Jenna puts a hook on Tabitha. Hehehe,” she giggled, “I guess the tables have turned just a bit?”

Tabitha did not look at all distressed about this. “I think I like it more than either of you do, anyways. At least Jenna is gentle about it, unlike some,” she shot a side eye at Maisie, knowing that she was poking the bear. The narrowed eyes in response told her that she had hit her target, and she grinned winningly.

Jenna had managed to come back to the present too, and retrieved the hook and a bottle of lube from their toy box. She generously spread the lube onto the hook while maintaining eye contact with Tabitha, who squirmed a bit despite her earlier show of confidence. As she slathered the lube onto her palm and began spreading it on Tabitha’s shapely ass, she looked at Tabitha’s face to assess her progress. She was clearly enjoying herself, but there was an undercurrent of stress in there too.

As she rubbed the bulbous head of the hook along Tabitha’s backside, she looked at Maisie. “She seems a bit stressed. Can you help out?”

Maisie stepped in front of Tabitha, looking up at the taller girl. “What’s in your head, girl? Was there something more… interesting than us?” She stretched her neck to the side with her eyes closed. “Maybe something else on your mind?” She cupped her own generous breasts and kneaded them with a delighted grin. Tabitha was breathing heavily, clearly unable to tear her eyes away. Maisie lifted an ample boob, rotating it upwards so that she could access her large nipple with her mouth. “Maybe something you’d rather be doing?” she asked with a mouth partially full. “Or something you’d rather **I** be doing?”

Tabitha’s mouth was open now, and she was visibly panting. Jenna’s hand was fully in between her butt cheeks, sliding along sensitive areas tenderly. A single finger slid into her anus with surprisingly little resistance, but Tabitha’s eyes widened with the sensation regardless. Nearly simultaneously, Maisie leaned forward and wrapped her lips around Tabitha’s extremely stiff nipple. The resulting wordless cry filled the apartment, and she very well may have fallen if not for both other women supporting her.

“I think she liked that, Maisie,” said Jenna. “She certainly clamped down on my finger when you did that.” She slid her finger partially in and out to emphasize, and was rewarded with more inarticulate noises. “Let’s see here…” She rotated her finger, stretched it inside as she could reach, and then bent it, seeking a specific spot that they all knew that Tabitha loved in a complicated way.

And they all knew when she found it, as Tabitha arched her back and seemed to actively try to fall over. Maisie caught her, supporting the taller girl’s torso with her hands. Conveniently, one hand was near Tabitha’s currently-unoccupied breast, so Maisie moved that hand and began to fondle and pinch that erogenous area too. Tabitha seemed to be having a great deal of trouble staying in control of her own body, as if to confirm her earlier statement of not being able to stay upright with certain stimuli.

Jenna had noticed that Tabitha’s opening was more relaxed than it had been a minute ago, and decided it was time to move forward. She slowly withdrew her finger, and replaced it almost immediately with the well-lubricated head of the hook. The ball on the end encountered only marginal resistance, and slid inside without much effort. Tabitha’s moans continued without interruption as the hook glided to its limit, with the rounded part of the shaft settling in between her cheeks, leaving her feeling deliciously full.

Jenna upped the ante slightly by grabbing the leash that was still attached to Tabitha’s collar, pulling it downwards and looping it through the far end of the hook. With a bit of a pull through the loop, the added tension seemed to dramatically increase Tabitha’s reactions. Jenna tied the excess off so that it stayed under tension. “There, how’s that, kitten?” she asked congenially. “We wouldn’t want you to be bored, now would we?” Tabitha’s wordless moan was all the response she needed to confirm, and she smiled gleefully.

Maisie shared her smile. Of the three of them, Tabitha was exceedingly fun to torment. Maisie modulated her laptop to go to the next round. “Alright, round 13: Tabitha uses a strap on me. Hopefully she’s not too frustrated from the last round to manage,” she said with a wink.

Tabitha did not respond meaningfully other than to visibly try to compose herself. “I’ll help,” said Jenna, “I don’t think she’ll be able to manage with her hands like that.” Jenna retrieved one of their harnesses from the box, and slipped the loops up Tabitha’s toned thighs. Once it was in place, she tightened all the straps so that it’d stay in place. “Let’s see, I think… Mr. Black,” she said conspiratorily.

Tabitha nodded enthusiastically in agreement, while Maisie started to look nervous. “Hang on a minute, don’t I get a say in this?” she asked. “I mean, you got to pick your dildo from that other round…”

“No, I don’t think so,” smiled Jenna. “We’ve already agreed on this.” She slotted their largest strap dildo into the ring on Tabitha’s harness. It hung pendulously forward from Tabitha’s waist, incongruously contrasting with her own caged phallus. Fortunately, they knew that while Tabitha did not like using her original equipment in this manner, she had no qualms about and in fact quite enjoyed using a strap on her lovers. The pose looked a little silly with her hands still cuffed to her collar, but it’d be manageable with Jenna’s help.

“Well, what do you think, Maisie?” asked Tabitha. “I’m not sure I can be on top right now,” she flailed her bound hands impotently. “And you historically don’t want to be on top? How about doggy?”

Maisie acquiesced to the logic of this, as the position might also work best with the size of the dildo in question. She was still a bit apprehensive about that. She settled onto the couch on her hands and knees, briefly checking herself and finding that she was still quite wet from the previous interactions.

Jenna slid into the space between the two of them, pulling one hand briefly on Tabitha’s hook and running the other up Maisie’s side. Both responded nicely, so she moved forward. Her hand reached in between Maisie’s legs and stroked the soft patch there, finding it practically dripping with anticipation. The susurrant sigh confirmed her suspicions. With her other hand, she picked up and guided the mammoth dildo into position, rubbing the tip along Maisie’s ready outer lips.

The tip slipping inside Maisie was almost a surprise to all of them. *Somebody’s a bit… hungry,* thought Jenna lasciviously. She put a hand on the front of Maisie’s thigh to keep her from moving forward too much, and put the other on Tabitha’s shapely backside, and began slowly encouraging them together. As the thick dildo slithered into Maisie’s snatch, stretching it a little more with each passing moment, Jenna was hard-pressed to tell who of the two was enjoying the moment more. Maisie was slowly arching her back, head tilted upwards, eyes shut and mouth open as if preparing to sing. *Guess a bit of foreplay does her well,* thought Jenna merrily. And Tabitha looked almost as if she could feel it all herself too. Her hands were twisting in her cuffs, her breath came in little gasps, and Jenna could see that her still-caged dick was straining at its bonds.

Satisfied with the progress, Jenna firmly took hold of Tabitha’s lower back and made her thrust forward in one long smooth stroke, burying the monster to the hilt inside Maisie. The resultant cry of pleasure was one that both Jenna and Tabitha would long cherish, a full-throated valkyrie roar of victory.

“Now,” Jenna whispered to Tabitha, “long strokes, fairly strong, but don’t fall over!” As Tabitha started driving the point home repeatedly, bringing forth continued song from Maisie, Jenna moved around to Maisie’s side without being noticed. When she judged the time was right, she planted both of her palms on Maisie’s shoulder blades and pressed downward strongly, forcing her face and chest into the couch. She knew that Maisie **liked** it when somebody could physically wrangle her like this, but it didn’t happen often enough. But now, with her face driven into the couch and her pussy being ravaged like so very rarely before, Maisie was mentally drowning in the sea of sensations. She couldn’t form words, and could hardly even form rational thought.

And then the fireworks exploded in her brain, further fragmenting any thought she had been able to manage previously. Jenna and Tabitha relished in her keening cry and wild spasms as she shook and danced, held prone on the couch, pinned between her two lovers. The timer beeped, and nobody heard it; they just listened raptly to Maisie’s music.

Minutes later, Maisie’s mind started to return. “Hmm?” she wondered aloud. “By the moon, that was incredible! What’d I do?”

Tabitha, with a brilliant smile, resting against her thigh, replied first, “It seems we convinced you to finally let go. You know, you don’t have to be in complete control all the time with us.” The warmth was evident in her voice.

Jenna agreed, “It’s nice to see you relax for a minute.”

Maisie stared at the two of them. “You two are far too good to me.” She looked like she was about to cry.

Jenna, suddenly motherly, shushed her, “Nonsense. You’re simply too hard on yourself sometimes. In any case, we ran over time a bit on that one. Shall we move on?”

Maisie nodded, and started to get up, before realizing that her legs were not listening to her. “Uhh, can you grab my laptop?”

Jenna laughed, retrieved the laptop, and advanced to the next stage. “Round 14!” she said in a faux-announcer voice. “I get to vibe Tabitha! Woo!” As she briefly considered the futility of vibing a caged penis, Maisie solved the puzzle for her.

“My **arms** work just fine,” Maisie said, pulling herself up into a sitting position on the couch. “Tabitha, come straddle my lap, facing me. I want to watch your face,” she said possessively.

Tabitha shivered slightly, knowing that this positioning would dramatically increase the eroticism for her, and acquiesced. She slid onto Maisie’s lap, nearly touching waists.

“Yes, that’s it,” Maisie breathed. She ran her hands up her bound lover’s sides, feeling the soft skin and firm muscle underneath. “And happy to see me too!” as she found the pointy nipples with her fingers.

Tabitha jumped as Jenna touched the hitachi to her anal hook. That was **not** what she had expected, but damn if it didn’t work! It felt like the vibrations went right into her prostate, sending tingles and sparks up her spine in a lovely way. She squirmed and gyrated her hips on Maisie’s lap, feeling that inner fire spreading further throughout her torso.

Maisie slid a hand up the back of Tabitha’s neck, fingers intertwining in her hair. She watched some of the resulting goosebumps ripple down her shoulders and chest, and knew she was about ready. She took a firm handful of hair from the back of Tabitha’s head, and pulled her head sideways, gently but inexorably. Tabitha allowed her head to be moved with little resistance, and closed her eyes with the extra stimulus. Maisie leaned forward and gave a quick surprise bite to the now-exposed flesh of the side of her neck, and Tabitha squeaked in response. Maisie mollified her by leaving a trail of kisses up and down her neck, sending waves of goosebumps down her torso.

*It feels like the waves are meeting somewhere in the middle,* Tabitha thought somewhat dazedly. *Oh, that magic mouth…* Again, it seemed to be all she could do to stay upright, and was grateful again that she was effectively pinned between her two lovers. *I could just stay here forever…*

And the timer spoke, interrupting her reverie. “You two are just lovely,” Tabitha breathed blithely. *I have no idea what I did to be deserving of this…* “Can I just stay here forever?” she verbalized her previous thought, as she tried to handlessly snuggle into Maisie.

“Nope!” interrupted Jenna emphatically, almost parentally. “You get off that luscious lap right this moment!” There was a definite glint in her eyes that undercut the statement, as she helped Tabitha off Maisie’s lap.

“Next round!” Jenna intoned cheerfully, as Maisie was still not eager to move. “Round 15: Maisie uses the sybian on me… Shit,” she exclaimed quietly.

As Maisie was still struggling getting her legs to work, she asked “Tabitha? Can you get the sybian for me?” It was somewhat heavy and awkward, and Tabitha was possibly the only one of the three that could move it without much difficulty.

“Of course, I am always glad to help,” Tabitha answered, transparently eager to watch Jenna get melted. As she retrieved it and ran the cords to the wall, she asked a bit more worriedly, “This is the last round, right?”

“I programmed it for 16,” said Maisie, “but it can be extended easily enough if we want to do more.”

*Shit,* thought Tabitha, *technically only a 1/3 chance that I’m tormented more, but I’m always unlucky with dice…*

“Well, Jenna?” asked Maisie. “Are you going to climb on all by yourself, or do we need to tie you to it so you can’t back out this time? Don’t get me wrong, I’d **love** to do that.” Maisie’s grin was downright predatory.

Jenna briefly shuddered, clearly imagining that scenario and apparently quite conflicted if she wanted it to happen. Without a further word, she straddled the sturdy saddle, lining up the ridge in the middle and letting the phallic extension squeeze into her waiting – and admittedly eager – slit. With a sigh, she leaned forward slightly, resting her palms on the edge of the base, and grinded briefly with her hips to provide the feeling she was seeking.

Then Maisie turned on the power, to the lowest setting. The whole base rumbled awake, with the center strip and phallus exhibiting the most intense vibrations. Jenna moaned audibly before she was able to stop herself.

“That was a nice sound,” Maisie said directly into Jenna’s ear from behind her. “Think we could squeeze some more out of you?” In a facsimile of what Jenna had done to her, Maisie leaned forward and put some of her weight onto Jenna’s shoulders, pressing her into the machine. Simultaneously, she turned up the intensity a notch. As expected, the groan that came deep from Jenna’s core left her both satisfied and wanting more.

“Jenna, Jenna, Jenna,” chided Tabitha, stepping into view. “Why are you fighting us? Is this not what you wanted? What you really wanted?” She gracefully slid to her knees in front of the squirming vixen. “Or maybe you’re looking for just a little something more.” Since Jenna’s hands were supporting her – and some of Maisie’s – weight, she couldn’t move them without tipping forward, so Tabitha was free to lean closely towards Jenna’s face and kiss her as enthusiastically as she knew how. As with the previous instances of this, Jenna nearly crumbled into pieces with the kiss. Maisie devilishly turned up the intensity of the sybian to match Tabitha’s escalation, causing Jenna to become further immersed in the moment.

Tabitha spared a brief moment of kissing her lover to glance at Maisie, who shared an eloquent look. They both loved this moment, watching their shared partner completely lose control despite her efforts. The sybian’s intensity was dangling her over a precipice, and she knew it wouldn’t take much of a push… Tabitha and Maisie knew it too.

“Oh, Jenna, can I just never stop kissing you?” Tabitha murmured in a breath. “You’re so delicious…” and she dove back into the earnest makeout. Jenna was clearly having trouble even breathing consistently, much less able to make words. The escalating stimuli – both physical and emotional – finally pushed her over the edge and out into space. Both women physically supported Jenna as she shook and wriggled on her platform, adding kisses and fondles and barely-heard words of love.

After Jenna had collapsed, but before she fully regained her senses, Maisie turned the sybian off, and Tabitha braced against her body, whispering sweet nothings in her ears, waiting for her to come back home.

As the light slowly filtered back into her eyes, Jenna’s first impressions were simply of comfort. She couldn’t have explained it, but she knew she was in a safe space.

“Welcome back, dearest,” said Tabitha warmly from directly in front of her. “Did you have a good flight?”

“Looked like she went all the way around the world,” smiled Maisie. “Must have been quite the trip.”

Jenna sensed she was being teased, but didn’t begrudge it. She just nuzzled into her lover and basked in the shared comfort.

“Alright you two, quit the canoodling,” Maisie cut in. “Game’s not done just yet.”

Jenna smiled at her, “For you two, I’m ready, always.” And they knew she meant it.

Maisie advanced the program on her laptop. “Round 16: Jenna uses a strapon on Tabitha. Oh Goddess, that’s even better than I could have hoped.”

Jenna, smiling richly, walked to their toy box and retrieved her favorite harness. “Ol’ Blue, you think?” she asked Tabitha rhetorically, not waiting for an answer. As she slid the dildo into place, she fondled it suggestively and applied a thick layer of lube. “Now, are **you** going to behave, or do we need to tie you down first? I know you’d love that.” The distracted slackness in Tabitha’s limbs and expression told her that it was unnecessary, but might be fun at some other time.

Maisie stepped in, “I know you always get self-conscious in these times, kitten, so just listen to us. I want you to lay down on your back on the couch. Here, I’ll help you.” Since Tabitha’s hands were still attached to her collar, Maisie quickly detached the leash from her collar, and soon she was settled down on her back, legs bent and feet flat on the cushions.

Jenna moved in between Tabitha’s legs, touching her knees with soft fingers. “Are you ready for me, my lovely kitten?” She reached between her legs and grasped the hook, which had been mildly stimulating Tabitha this entire time. As she slowly drew this out to an increasingly open-mouthed Tabitha, Jenna smiled. “Yes, I’d say it looks like you’re ready to me.”

Jenna gently pushed the tip of Ol’ Blue into the now-vacant and still-twitching opening. Once it was seated, she lifted Tabitha’s legs upwards to allow for a better alignment angle, and started to slide in and out, with each stroke going just a hair deeper. Tabitha’s breathing was getting stronger and deeper and slightly more erratic with each passing moment, and her hands were clenching at the air. Her nipples were very erect – *just begging for a taste*, thought Jenna – but out of reach for the moment.

As she was reaching the full depth of the dildo – considerably shorter than the one that Maisie had experienced – Jenna noticed that Tabitha was starting to do a specific lower torso twitch that she often did when close. *Can’t be having that just yet,* thought Jenna, and apparently Maisie was having the same thought.

Maisie settled down on the floor near Tabitha’s head, and started speaking quietly in her ear. “You are **not** allowed to come yet, kitten,” she commanded emphatically. Tabitha’s whine was immediate. “I said no,” said Maisie, “and I know you wouldn’t want to disappoint us.”

Jenna noticed that while Tabitha had clearly been enjoying the fucking, what really got her caged dick twitching was the verbal dominance. “Does that feel good?” she asked Tabitha. “Do you like it when I’m stroking your prostate with this big toy?” It seemed like Tabitha had already lost most of her ability to produce speech other than wordless moans.

“She’s such a little slut,” taunted Maisie. “I bet she’d come right now if I just touched these aching nipples…” Tabitha whined and arched her back to try to push them towards her verbal tormentor. “Should I? I think… no…”

Jenna changed her pace and did a few rapid strokes to full depth, causing Tabitha to forget to breathe for a few seconds. “She’s being such a good girl for us…”

“Oh please,” Tabitha managed to whimper, “I can’t stand it. Ohhh…”

“Good girls don’t come,” said Maisie authoritatively. “If she’s asking, she must not be a good girl.” Tabitha groaned and shook her head back and forth as if to clear it.

“Her ass is taking my toy so well,” remarked Jenna, eyes bright. “She must have done some training for us.” Tabitha’s breath came out in a rush, followed by gulping more back into her lungs.

Each time Jenna praised her, Tabitha seemed to lose just a little more of her control, and every time that Maisie said something harsh, she regained just a little bit of that control, as if trying a bit harder to combat the critique. It was a balancing act between the two of them to keep her right at the edge, exquisitely frustrated and half out of her mind.

Maisie sneakily reached over to her laptop and muted it, suppressing any future timer beeps that might interrupt their play. “She should know how to behave by now. Maybe I do need to be more strict with my instructions,” Maisie added, while stroking Tabitha’s face in a way that was somehow simultaneously soothing and threatening. Tabitha’s resulting stiffness said that she’d hit the mark.

“She is such a pleasure to use,” sighed Jenna, thrusting enthusiastically. “I just love how deep I can get inside her.” Tabitha’s cage was straining to contain its prisoner.

“Please, miss,” Tabitha forced out in between stuttered breaths, looking at Jenna. “I feel like I’m going to explode…”

“Your pleasure comes from us, kitten,” Maisie answered instead. “And your pain.” To demonstrate, she reached down and grasped one of Tabitha’s nipples, squeezing it between her fingers. Tabitha’s wordless cry and arched back suggested that she may have enjoyed it. “And we can stop either at any time,” she released the hold, “so you had better behave yourself.”

“Yes, miss!” Tabitha nodded frantically, once she had recovered her scattered wits. “I’m trying my best.”

“Yes you are, little pet,” said Jenna, “and you’re doing wonderfully! Just hold on a little longer, until we tell you to come.” Tabitha’s shivers were a delight to watch.

“Or maybe we’ll decide that you haven’t earned it,” suggested Maisie. “You are our toy to play with, nothing more.” Tabitha scrunched her eyes shut and seemed as if she were going to levitate right off the couch.

“I’ll do whatever you want, miss,” Tabitha ground out, gasping in between the words. “Just tell me what you want.”

“See?” asked Jenna, “isn’t she just a treasure? Look at those lovely blushes.”

“She’s just a greedy little harlot, desperate but not deserving,” Maisie countered. “Maybe we should leave that cage on for the next week.” The cage visibly strained and stretched.

“I’ll do anything! Just… please…”

“Hmm,” said Jenna thoughtfully. “I think… Five.”

After a pregnant pause – including about ten more thrusts from Jenna – Maisie conceded. “Very well. Four.”

“Oh, thank you!” Tabitha enthused, knowing she could last until they finished counting.

“Five,” said Jenna after a few seconds and even more thrusts.

“What?” asked Tabitha, confused.

“Five,” said Maisie a moment later.

Tabitha held her breath, unsure how to proceed. As she counted the deep thrusts as silently as she could, Jenna eventually said “Four.” It seemed like the thrusts were getting more vigorous as this went on.

Tabitha mentally buckled down, holding onto that goal in her addled mind. It felt like each stroke was coated in lightning, charging her up.

“She seems desperate, Jenna,” said Maisie’s voice from an impossible distance. “Maybe she does need to learn to hold it.” Tabitha’s mouth was open, gaping, and her eyes unfocused.

“I love how eager she is. It’s like she was made for this. Made to be our perfect little pet. Three,” Jenna’s voice dragged out the words.

A stifled gasp managed to escape Tabitha’s panting, forced out by a particularly zealous thrust from her tormentor.

“Hmm, does that count? Just as I’d expect from this little brat, always pushing the limits,” Maisie scolded. Tabitha held her breath. “What a **naughty** girl,” Maisie reached out and grabbed both of Tabitha’s breasts, compelling an involuntary cry.

*Oh noooo,* thought Tabitha, frantically trying to regain her mental footing. The sensations from both ends were increasing by the second, and she didn’t know if she could stand it any longer, but forced herself to not beg out loud.

“That was mean, Maisie,” chided Jenna’s voice. “She’s been so obedient for us. Three.”

Maisie conceded to the addition of a point rather than a reset, because she knew that Tabitha’s last noise hadn’t really been within her control. *Maybe with stricter training, though…*

“Yes, but she **shouldn’t** even be asking. Any good girl knows she’s supposed to wait until she’s told.” She considered teasing Tabitha more directly, but didn’t think the addled girl was really comprehending very much right now. The tempo of her breathing was being enforced by Jenna’s thrusts, she was absolutely covered in goosebumps, she was squirming as much as she could manage while being pinned to the couch, and her little cage looked as if it was going to shatter from internal forces.

“I love the way that she looks right now,” Jenna said joyfully. “So beautiful, so **mine**.” And as she saw the last word settle into Tabitha’s spine, she gave several very strong thrusts, pressing her body weight against her lover. *Oh, how I wish I had a picture of this angel…* she thought, and then with further delight, “Two.”

Maisie could tell that Tabitha was well past words at this point, and relaxed her approach slightly. “I think we should tie her up and shatter her mind more often. She has earned that much, at least.” After an extended pause, she added, “One.”

*It’s a good thing I don’t have a real dick,* thought Jenna, thrusting continuously. *There’s no way I’d have been able to last this long. I don’t know how she’s done it.* “You’ve been so patient, so dedicated,” she breathed. “Now, will you be the very best girl and **come for me**?!” She augmented her question with a steady stream of fast, deep, hard strokes from her strap.

Tabitha shook her head wildly back and forth, very specifically not letting herself orgasm, but very, very close to it. After a few seconds of shared confusion, Maisie figured it out. “Ah,” she said fervently, warmly, “you really **are** the best. Will you come for **us**?”

Tabitha’s long-delayed climax shook the three of them together. Her singing filled the room, and for once, none of them cared that the neighbors might hear. She danced and cried and screamed as Jenna continued her stroking. Her eyes were open and unseeing, and she was being wildly tossed about on the tidal wave of sensations. And just when it seemed to be finally slowing, Maisie leaned in and kissed her strongly, which sent Tabitha off into space yet again. Her cries were muffled by Maisie’s mouth, and her spasms restrained by their embrace. It just kept going and going…

---

Much later, the three were in a pile on the couch, Tabitha’s half-conscious form sandwiched between her two lovers. Cuffs had been unclipped and harnesses removed, as the nearly-dozing trio recovered from their ordeal.

Tabitha mumbled something inaudibly, and snuggled in a little closer.

“What was that, dear?” asked Jenna.

“wan’a stay here, f’rever,” said the smallest voice they’d ever heard from her.

Jenna laughed delightedly, “Just you **try** to leave. I already told you, you’re **mine**.”

Maisie blinked through a sudden haze of tears. *Yes… I’m yours, and you’re both mine. My* _**very best girls***_.*
