---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Project
authors:
- Meradee
tags:
- Solo-f
- machine-f
- bond
- wrap
- tape
- nipple
- breast
- corset
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2010-06-09 00:00:00
---

‘The Project’ was finally finished. After working for nearly two years on it, Dinah could finally put it to use. ‘The Project’,  as she had come to call her contraption, was a computer controlled program that would randomly sort through several bondage scenarios she had provided the program with and pick and choose as it pleased. It would then set a length of time, and then proceed to torture the victim strapped into its seemingly basic frame.

Turning it on, Dinah then strapped herself into the large cube-like frame, pulling the cuffs from the ceiling down to attach to her wrists after shackling her ankles. Once all of the appropriate shackles were locked on, the machine began to work. There was no knowing how long it would be before the machine decided that it would start, letting her wait in anticipation. It was a painful wait, but when she heard the gears start up, she knew it was time.

An arm extended from the ceiling holding a large red ball gag. Another arm forced Dinah’s mouth open wide enough to accept the painful gag. She groaned in pleasure and in pain as she felt the strain on her jaws immediately. The two arms retracted and soon two more returned with a leather lace up hood. The machine directed the arms to pull it over her head and lace it painfully tight behind her head. As it was laced, an increased pressure forced the gag further into her mouth.

The arms retracted again and Dinah was left to wait. Her hearing was severely diminished; she was no longer able to hear the whirring of the motors in the machine. Her eye sight was gone; leaving her to concentrate only on the feelings and sensations that ‘The Project’ gave her. She waited again for several minutes, suspended in darkness and wanting to feel something soon.

Dinah jerked when she felt something touch her breasts. A thin, tight wire wrapped itself above and below her breasts, supporting them before cinching together between them to make them protrude more than normal. ‘The Project’, done with her breasts for now, retracted again and left her waiting.

Pressure near on her rear had her groaning as a painfully large butt plug was inserted into her, an even larger dildo was forced up her other one just as suddenly. She felt stretched to her limit, surprised that she was able to take as much as she was.

A metal band encircled her waist as a smaller metal band was forced between her legs and attached to the front portion. The moment the chastity belt was locked on, a small tube surrounded her cilt and a vacuum suction pulled it forward painfully and erotically. It was almost enough to send her over the edge, but not quite.

While her cilt was being constantly tortured, Dinah felt her ankles being forced together as her arms were lifted a few inches, pulling her feet off the ground. She was suspended as a band of tape began winding around her feet, forcing them together, giving her the beginnings of a silver, mermaid-like tail. The arm holding the tape, continued up her legs, not stopping until it reached her hips. Another pair of arms extended, holding a leather corset which they proceeded to wrap around Dinah’s waist. As it enclosed her, the chastity belt began to retract around her so that it was smaller than the corset, causing a painful strain on her waist, taking her breath away. The corset stopped just below her breasts, leaving plenty of room for them to be played with much more.

Once the corset was on securely and rather tightly, the arm with the tape again proceeded to wrap her up, stopping where the corset ended; awaiting the next set of torture. Two more arms extended, plastic zip ties enclosed in their claw-like hands. They ran the ties around the base of each breast and pulled tightly, squeezing the tender flesh so both mounds protruded obscenely and quickly became purple. Nipples extended and waiting, Dinah was sure she was a picture.

The arm with the tape began again, wrapping around her shoulders and between her breasts, moving in a figure eight pattern until the surrounding flesh was covered in tape. The arm then began to tightly wrap around the torpedo shaped breasts forcing them into an even more cone-like shape. The tape stopped just before her nipples and then wound back down, while another arm placed a strict posture collar around Dinah’s neck, leaving her unable to move her head from side to side. The tape then proceeded to wrap up her neck, stopping before her chin.

She was then lowered to the ground by her upraised arms, which were released from the strict tension that had made them numb. Her arms were pulled behind her back and forced into a leather, lace-up arm binder, giving her no relief. The tape proceeded to wind around the single arm behind her back, all the way up to her shoulders, compressing her arms together as much as possible before molding them to the rest of her body and continuing up to her neck and encasing her face, leaving only her nose holes uncovered as a breathing passage.

Dinah tried to relax in her bindings, knowing that she had to be finished for there was no place else for the machine to attach anything or wrap anything. She was proved wrong seconds later when a sharp pain erupted in both of her nipples simultaneously. She cried out it pain that almost sent her into orgasm, but she was still too far from the edge. Frustrated she hoped her suffering would soon end and that the computer would have exhausted its sequence.

Her hope was short lived when she felt an arm around her waist, lifting and turning her so that her stomach faced the floor. She was gently laid down and screamed around her gag as much of her weight was placed on her distended breasts. As the pressure was added the plug and dildo both came alive simultaneously overwhelming her body with sensations as she came, over and over again. Knowing she would gain no mercy from ‘The Project’.
