---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: How I Became Just Another Meatgirl
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- M+/f
- F/f
- fpov
- objectify
- strip
- naked
- susp
- bond
- rope
- gag
- hood
- mast
- zipties
- machine
- wrap
- mum
- oral
- trick
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-11-22 00:00:00
---

### Part Five

The past few weeks had been very busy, so my chances of spending time with Ollie were slim. We seemed to pass each other in the short time between finishing work and going to bed, to be up and ready for the next day's busy schedule. Even my meatgirl fantasies took a back seat; I was missing being tied up and stored away, my naked body on display, just another product waiting to be sold. I think even Ollie was missing having me bound and available for him to use, so too, I guess, was Matt down in the store, as I had to turn down his offer to be tightly trussed up by his firm hands, though it was tempting to give myself to him.

But the project that had kept me so busy was coming to an end, the client was very happy with the outcomes that were laid out to them, which thankfully for all concerned, they were, and the contract was now signed. So I could now take a well-earned break. I looked forward to spending some time with Ollie to reconnect and unwind, and with the weekend approaching, I knew that he wouldn’t be working in the shop, so that we could maybe get away and relax.

Ollie was happy to see me when I walked into the shop, he’d just finished serving a customer and taken the trussed up packaged meatgirl out to their vehicle, the sight of which sent delightful shivers throughout my body, some part of me deep down wishing that I was that meatgirl, though my desires for that ending my days on the dinner table put me off that last part. When Ollie returned I gave him a big hug, kissed him and rubbed my body against his, this again set off my arousal, well with him smartly dressed in his uniform as a butcher or purveyor of meatgirls, it did push all my buttons, but I didn’t let on that he was having this effect on me, that could wait until later in the bedroom.

We chatted for a while and I told him of my news of the contract finishing, I also said that it would be nice to get away for the weekend somewhere, though judging from the initial look on his face, I guessed that he’d already had something planned for this weekend, but when he saw how excited I was to finally spend some time with him, he changed and smiled, accepting that this weekend's plans were not going to be the way that he’d planned. Saying that he’d love to get away too, and he told me that he had somewhere in mind, but that it would be a secret.

I tried to get some information from him about where, but several customers walked into the shop at that moment, so I had to let it drop and allow him to attend to them. Heading up the passageway towards the stairs up to our apartment above the shop, I passed the storeroom where the meatgirls are kept, a shiver of delight ran down my spine recalling the memories of me being kept inside there as just another meatgirl, bound and hanging from the hook, gagged and hooded, naked as the other meatgirls were, my knees trembling at the thought of being inside again, the first flushes of my arousal building inside me, and I took an agonisingly slow breath as I squeezed my legs against the familiar hollow ache deep in me.

To say that at that moment I could have easily giving into my desires, have Ollie bind me and place me in storage with the other meatgirls, would be obvious to anyone who knew of my bizarre fetish, but I knew that Ollie would be busy for a while, plus the new guy Phil had just returned from making some deliveries, so my chances of being bound and stored were now nil. Plus, now I needed to get upstairs and take care of my own needs, and also plan something to wear for our weekend trip, but that would come later, after me.

---

The next day, we headed out in the car to the surprise Ollie had told me that he’d organised; he’d already packed the car and was waiting for me outside. As I walked through the shop, Matt was busy binding another meatgirl ready for delivery. I stopped and stood mesmerised by the scene before me. Matt smiled when he saw me standing there, my body melting inside at the thought of his hands binding me the same way. My thoughts were interrupted when I heard the sound of a car horn, as Ollie wanted to get going, so reluctantly I turned and headed out the door.

After a short drive through town, we were soon out in the countryside, and the scenery soon took my mind off the vision of Matt binding my limbs into a tight package, my mind now turning to the weekend and what lay ahead for us. Hoping that where Ollie was taking me would be somewhere nice, though he still refused to say where we were going, he told me that it would be a surprise and wouldn’t go any further. I settled into the seat and watched the countryside roll past as we drove on, my mind now calmer and clear.

An hour later we were approaching another town, the scenery changing from fields and woods to houses and other buildings, I didn’t take too much notice of where we were as I was enjoying the drive, my mind drifting off, relaxing while Ollie did the driving, it was only when we stopped did I come back to earth, and focus on where we were. It appeared to be some sort of warehouse; the large roller doors were open, and the sign on the side of the building told me that this place sold meatgirls.

“My friend runs this place, I just wanted to call in and check out their new packing system for their meatgirls, and their new delivery vehicle too,” Ollie said, when I looked at him with a question on my face. “It won’t take too long, and we have the time to see what they’re doing here. They don’t have a shop like we do; they focus more on home delivery and wholesale.”

Ollie took my silence as an agreement to do what he wanted to do, and opened the door, then walked around my side and opened my door for me to step out. When I didn’t immediately move to exit the vehicle, he was surprised; the look on his face changed from expectation to bewilderment. Then he said, “I was hoping to get your opinion on the packaging machine, seeing that you have first-hand experience with these things, and I can get your thoughts on whether we could use this in our shop.”

Reluctantly, I stepped out of the car, slightly annoyed that the weekend was seemingly spoiled by his visiting this place; this was supposed to be our weekend off, but to get things moving, I thought it better to get the visit over with so that we could get on with the weekend.

“Okay, but this better not take too long, and you owe me,” I told him.

Once inside the building, Ollie was warmly greeted like a friend by the guy we met; they seemed to be good friends as they were excited to see each other. They chatted for a short while before they realised that I was still standing there. Turning to me, Ollie introduced me, “Sorry, honey, this is Sam, Sam, this is my wife Amelie, Sam & Nic run this business.”

Finally, I seem to be noticed and not part of the background. “Hi Sam, it seems that you two know each other quite well.”

“Hi Amelie, yes, we go back some way. Ollie helped me out many years ago when I was setting up this business. I really appreciated his helpful advice and still do.”

“Please call me Amy, Sam. I’m pleased to meet you,” I replied.

“So, Ollie, what’s the reason for your visit today?” Sam asked, with a smile that seemed to me as if he already knew why we were here, but he wasn’t giving away their plans.

“Well, as we were passing, I thought that we’d drop in and see your new packing machine, and the van for deliveries,” Ollie replied.

“The van’s out at the moment, Nic is doing some deliveries, but you’re welcome to see the new machine,” Sam stated, and walked over to the large machine in the corner. “This is how we now package up the meatgirls for shipment, you place them on this chute and the machine takes over, they then slide down into the bag and the air is sucked out, sealing the product in a compact form for delivery,” Sam said with a bit of pride in the system.

“Can we see a demonstration?” Ollie asked.

“I’d like to, but Nic took the last of our supply of meatgirls out for delivery.” Sam replied, “But if you have a meatgirl available…”

Both Ollie and Sam turned to look in my direction.

Ollie then spoke, “Well, it seems that the only meatgirl around here is you,” while looking at me.

Ollie knew just how to push my buttons when it came to my fantasies regarding me being a meatgirl; if he spoke to me like I was just another product to sell, it would set me off; he knew me too well, it seems. Which I guess was what I wanted all along from him, as I love being treated like one of the meatgirls, and it took me a while to convince him to treat me like one, so I guess that it’s my own fault if my kink gets me in trouble.

“Well, meatgirl, we’re waiting!” Ollie directed, and the way that the tone of his voice changed seemed to me like an order, but would I fall for it?

Ollie then turned to Sam, “Well, it seems like we don’t…”

But before he finished his sentence, they were both stunned when I dropped my sundress on the floor and stood there naked in front of them. Their faces were a picture as they took in my bare body, I don’t wear anything under my clothes, as they leave marks on my body, especially noticeable if I’m hanging in the storeroom back at the shop. And I also like the freedom it gives me being naked under minimal clothing.

Getting over their shock, they moved quickly to bind my limbs, while Sam bound my ankles, Ollie bound my wrists, just like when I was back in our shop before going into storage. Once the gag was firmly in place, I did wonder why I needed it for the demonstration. I was now ready for the machine to package me, it seemed. But there was just one other problem, which Sam then explained.

“Sorry, I forgot, we ran out of the bags in the last run, but Nic is picking up some on the way back, could you wait until then?” Sam asked Ollie, not me, I was now just another meatgirl it seemed to me, and I felt that familiar flutter start deep inside of me, one that I knew so well, the ache that aroused my inner desires and turned my insides to useless, deprived, sexually-frustrated goop.

“Well, I suppose that we can wait for a while,” Ollie replied, again, any thoughts of mine or my own opinions on the matter were ignored. Here I stood naked and bound, my dress and wig discarded, I looked just like any other meatgirl now.

“We can put her in the storeroom while we wait,” Sam replied.

“Sounds like a good idea.” Ollie returned, “though we’ll need a bag for her head. We can’t have an underprepared meatgirl in storage, can we? The product has to be sorted and in order.”

“That’s right,” Sam said, “here’s one, I'll let you put it on and then you can bring it to the storeroom.”

The words meatgirl, product and being termed as ‘it’ set off a shiver of delight as I heard the words spoken, my legs started to quiver, my belly cramped, and I squeezed my legs together. I cursed myself and my stupid libido. I always fall like this when treated this way, and if their fingers were to find my more sensitive spot, they would discover the moisture building up down there.

The bag was quickly placed over my head, cutting out most of the light. It seemed that these were different from our own, and my vision was impaired; usually, I could make out shapes, but with this one, that seemed impossible. The fastener was done up around my neck, the bag was not coming off until it was removed by Ollie, or maybe the person who bought me, and another shiver went through my body at the thought of being sold.

The image of me being sold was soon displaced when I was hauled over Ollie’s shoulder and then carried by him into the storeroom. Well, this wasn’t what I had in mind when I said that I wanted to get closer and reconnect to him this weekend, but I was certainly closer now as I lay over his strong shoulder, his arm holding me in place, and his fingers soon found out that I was liking what was being done to me, even though we had other plans, the wetness sticking to his fingers, and the familiar scent of my arousal lingered on them.

Once inside, I was taken over to a rack and my feet were placed down on the floor, my arms were held firmly by his hands, and then the rope around my wrist was placed in the hook above me on the rack. Now that I was bound, gagged and had a bag over my head I was just another meatgirl in the storeroom, and I have a strict rule that once I’m stored away that I be treated just I was another product waiting to be sold, just merchandise in storage, though the sold part wasn’t part of the plan, though we had come close a couple of times.

I felt Ollie’s hand on my back as I was slid forward on the rack, the overhead hooks allowed for the movement of the stock, making room for more meatgirls to be stored. But I was shocked when I was pressed up against another warm body, and then another was pushed up against my own behind me, so that I was sandwiched between the two. Didn’t Sam just say that they had no meatgirls in storage, and then it dawned on me that I’d be tricked by the two of them, for whatever reason was at the moment unclear to me, but it did come as a shock, though a good one, that I wasn’t the only meatgirl in the storeroom.

I did try to ‘umph’ my concerns and to let Ollie know that I wasn’t too pleased with this deception, but with the closeness of the two meatgirls either side of me and my limbs bound, I couldn't move nor could I vent my thoughts with the gag in place, I would have to wait and see what they had planned for me. By now, I had realised that this was planned all along; it now seemed obvious, and I felt stupid for falling for it, but for now, I would have to express my feelings another way. The meatgirl in front of me began her slow, sensuous, rhythmic dance that, it seems, that all meatgirls do while in storage.

So I joined in and writhed back against her soft, warm flesh, our carnal desires building with our movements against each other, the other meatgirl behind me sensing what we were doing joined in, she began to gyrate slowly back and forth on me, and soon all thoughts about Ollie and Sam were forgotten. There was something very animalistic about our needs, not lewd or debauched, but a deep-seated need to gain pleasure while they could; their lives were short, and they sought comfort in their pleasure, contentment in what could be their final hours.

Lost as I was in the wave of my own needs and desires, I didn’t realise that both Sam & Ollie had left me here, stored away with the other meatgirls, now just another one of them, a product waiting to be sold.

Time seemed to stand still, locked away, the world outside continued, but in here the dance went on, each meatgirl rubbing our soft, tender, sweaty bodies against each other, eventually bringing out the much-needed orgasm. Eventually, I felt my muscles tensing, my back arching involuntarily as it always did. I gasped and shook, and then spasmed on and against the body in front of me and, quite literally, forgot how to breathe for a moment or two.

Coming down from my climax, I felt sleepy, the warm, still air inside the storeroom lulling me into slumber, along with many of the other meatgirls, our exertions having now ended, each one satisfied for now and seeking the comfort of sleep. Any previous thoughts long forgotten now, I was content where I was, I had missed this while preparing the work for the client, the long hours, the stress and toil, now a distant memory.

---

It was only when the feeding system kicked in that I realised that I was still bound, naked and stored away. I was confused for the moment, was I in our own storeroom, or had I dreamt the whole thing while tied up here? But one sure thing was that there were still warm bodies on either side of me, and we were now awake after our feeding. Then I recalled what had happened earlier on, and how I had been tricked into being bound and placed inside here. It appeared that Ollie had remembered to connect me up to the feeding system, so I guess that I was going to be here for a while longer.

But just then, I detected a cool breeze coming from somewhere, just like when the storeroom door back in our shop is opened, and the lights coming on, letting the meatgirls know that someone was in the room with them, and all movement from them ceased. It was then that I felt a cold hand touching my body, examining me like I was just another product, which I guess at that moment I was.

But then I heard a female voice, “What are you doing here? You’re not part of the stock, not that I know of anyway.”

And then I felt her hands grab me and lift me from the hook above me. I was then thrown over her shoulder and carried from the storeroom, she seemed to carry me with ease, like she was used to carting meatgirls around. Once outside, with the door shutting behind us, she placed my feet down on the floor and cut the tie that held the bag over my head, swiftly removing it and blinding me in the process. The overhead lighting was very bright after being in the bag for so long.

“You’re not one of ours. What are you doing here?” she demanded.

Still in shock at being hauled out by this unknown woman from the storeroom, I tried to speak, but with the gag still in place, plus I was slightly disoriented from the sudden removal by her.

“Argh, let me remove that gag, then you better have a good explanation, or you’ll be placed back inside and sold off with the rest of them. I have a buyer coming for the remaining meatgirls, and it would be very easy to add you to our stock, so speak,” she commanded.

“Sorry…” was all I could mutter at that moment. I felt embarrassed at her finding me like this, and hoped that the ground under me would swallow me whole at this moment.

“Don’t ‘sorry’ me, you have two minutes to tell me before I replace the gag and bag you up again,” she ordered, she seemed very angry at finding me.

“Sorry, urm, I don’t really know how I ended up here,” I replied.

“What do you mean, don’t know, did you magically appear trussed up like a meatgirl in our storeroom, that seems like fantasy to me.” she responded, “Someone put you in there, didn’t they?”

“Yes, my husband Ollie, and Sam helped too, I guess, it was only supposed to be until Nic got back with some bags for the packaging machine,” I answered.

“Ollie & Sam, let me guess, they brought you here to demonstrate the machine, and you willingly went along with it, even down to having your head shaved, the product markings placed on your body, while you stood there and let them do it. I don’t believe you, it's a tall story,” she said.

“Well, the hair is a long story, as well as the markings, but we just called in as we were passing to see the machine, we were supposed to be enjoying a weekend away, not this,” I told her, and then I told her of my story and how I lost my hair, and my desires to be just like a meatgirl.

“I’ve heard of women like you, you get off being treated like meat, just another product, and your husband, Ollie, indulges you in this?”

“Yes, he does, I often spend the entire weekend stored away,” I answered.

“So if you really want to be a meatgirl, then I can add you to the stock and you’ll be picked up within the hour and be on your way. The customer won’t know, as they have ordered our last 12 meatgirls, adding one more won’t matter to them; they have a lot to cook and prepare,” she stated.

I stood there stunned, unable to speak, until she mistook my silence for agreement and walked closer with the gag in her hand. “Please, no, I don’t…”

“Don’t what? To be placed back in the storeroom, or to be taken by the client, to be prepared and cooked, and eaten by the crowds at the festival.” She asked, “It’ll be the ultimate meatgirl act that you could perform, slowly cooking inside an oven, or roasting over a barbeque, the hot coals searing in your juices, I’d bet that you’d taste delicious.”

“No, while the thought of that does something deep down inside me, the actual idea of ending my days on some dinner plate scares me. Please don’t sell me to your client.” I pleaded.

“You’re sure, it’ll be no trouble on my part,” she teased, her smile giving away her little ruse.

“No, I’m sure, but thanks for finding me before you disposed of the other meatgirls. But how did you know?” I asked.

“That was easy, all of our stock has their barcode on the side of their hip, it’s easier to scan them that way, unlike yours which is in an awkward spot just above your left breast, if the product is tightly packed, which we normally are, it's hard to get the scanner there,” she replied, “Plus the fact that you’re sporting gold nipple rings is a dead giveaway.”

“Ah, yes, those, well, I needed to stop getting them pierced each time the nipple tag was placed on me while in storage, easier to remove them and add the tag,” I explained.

“By the way, I’m Nic, Sam’s partner. It seems that he and Ollie have gone golfing, leaving you here trussed up and stored away. And we haven’t run out of bags either, that was just some story they cooked up to get you where I found you.”

“Yes, Ollie did seem disappointed when I mentioned the weekend away, like he had some other plan in mind, which I guess is why he’s golfing and I’m here,” I said.

“Well, the client is just about to arrive to pick up their order, you're sure that you don’t want to join them?” she teased, “Otherwise we'd best get you out of the way before they get here.”

“Good idea, no, that’s not what I meant, getting me out of the way sounds good.” And I held up my wrist for her to unbind me as I spoke.

“Not so fast there meatgirl, there was something that you came here to see, and I guess experience, so I’d better prepare you for that,” she replied, the gag now held against my mouth, “Well, open meatgirl, the gag is not going to place itself.”

I stood still and opened my mouth, the gag was firmly placed, and the straps tightened. Now, I was silent again, unable to object to whatever she had planned for me. Another bag was placed over my head, and the zip tie was fastened, holding it tightly in place. She then re-bound my wrists behind my back, safe in the knowledge that I couldn’t stop what she was doing to me. I was again lifted by her and placed over her shoulder. She walked a short distance and then lifted me in place. The cold metal under me sent shivers throughout my body.

“Ready?” Nic asked, not waiting for an answer, she pressed the button that started the packaging machine.

The machine beneath me came to life, the chute that I had seen before, which I guessed that I was now lying on, lifted, and I fell backwards into the machine. Then a metal bar pressed against the back of my knees, bending them, while another bar pushed into my hip, folding me in two. I felt two more bars, one pressing down on my arms holding them in place, and another was at my neck just under my chin, which lifted my head slightly. Now folded up in the right position, I slid further and felt some sort of coating covering me, then it seemed that I was eased into a plastic-type bag, which covered my entire body, except for my head.

The machine continued to process me, the bag around my body began to shrink, the warm air now shrinking the plastic until my body was encased in it’s tight grasp, I couldn't move, I was stuck inside the bag, and the bag seemed very strong, it contained my limbs in place, I was now it seemed trussed up for delivery, just like when Matt did it back in the shop, but without the multiple layers of ropes that he used on me. The machine eventually finished its task on this meatgirl, and I was now processed by it, and then spat out the other end into the waiting tray. Just another product to be delivered.

---

Sam and Ollie returned after their golfing adventure, happy that they had managed to get away like they’d planned. But now it was back to the warehouse, and to see what kind of mood his wife was in after being left inside the storeroom for so long. The warehouse was closed and locked up; it seemed that Nic, Sam’s partner, had been back and had finished for the day. The two had thought that they would have been back sooner, but they were held up by traffic on the way back, so now it was evening.

Leaving the car and entering the building, Ollie turned to Sam and said, “Well, best get this over with; she’s either going to be very pissed off with me, or she’ll want to stay longer.” He laughed.

Opening the storeroom door, the lights flickering on revealed that the storeroom was empty, and there were no meatgirls to be seen inside, including his wife. “Sam, something's wrong!” he called out, “It’s empty, where are the meatgirls?”

Sam rushed over and looked inside, finding it empty as well, he was shocked. “There were at least 12 in here when we left”, he stated. “Hang on, I’ll ring Nic to see what’s going on.”

He returned and told Ollie, “They were all sold this afternoon. Nic had a client desperate for as many meatgirls as he could get, so she sold them all.”

“All of them, including…” Ollie stood in shock, his face turning white at the thought. “We’d best get over to the buyer and get her back.”

“Nic says it’s too late, the buyer rang again looking for more as they had processed the meatgirls that they’d bought from us, all of them were cooked and served at a big festival in town,” Sam told him.

“That can’t be…” Ollie replied and sank down onto the floor.

---

After the machine had encased me in plastic for delivery, Nic had carried me out to the delivery vehicle, where she placed me on a tray and slid me in place, closing the door behind her and luckily hiding me just as her client turned up to pick up his order. Once the meatgirls were loaded and on their way, Nic closed up the warehouse and drove to her home. Once there, she pulled me from where I was stored away and carried me inside, just like she would do when delivering any other meatgirl. Her neighbour even commented on the fine meatgirl flesh, he hoped that I would taste as good as I looked, not realising that I was about to be cooked, or was I?

Nic seemed to like teasing me back in the warehouse, and I wondered if she was serious about not cooking me as she had suggested when she carried me out to the vehicle from the warehouse. But trussed up and gagged, there wasn’t a thing that I could do to stop her from doing whatever she wanted to this bound meatgirl. In everyone else’s eyes, I was just another product being delivered, just as they’d seen many times before.

Once inside and away from prying eyes, I was carried into the kitchen and placed down on a workbench, more of an island bench that is handy to prepare things, like meatgirls for dinner. Nic left me there and went off and did some other things. To me, it seemed that she thought of me like I was just another packaged meatgirl waiting to be prepared, like she had before, I guess. But all I could do was wait; there was no chance for me to escape, bound as I was.

Eventually Nic returned, and she cut the tie holding the bag over my head, revealing that she’d changed into something more comfortable, much more comfortable by the look of things, a sheer black nightie that it exposed more than it covered, the matching undies had a little pink bow that covered her body more than the sheer material. With her hair now down over her shoulders and not in the tight ponytail that she wore to work, she looked very attractive.

“Well, meatgirl, I guess it’s time to get you ready for the oven, I can’t wait to sink my teeth into that tender-looking flesh of yours,” she stated, “That is, unless…”

Her hands then reached for the strap holding the gag in place, gently easing the ball from my mouth. I eased my jaw that had been held open for so long, licked my dry lips, then looked up at her face, “Unless?”

“Well, you can escape being cooked and eaten if you please me, fail, and you will be tonight's dinner. Which will it be, you eating me or me eating you?” She questioned, as she did so, she tugged at the little bow, releasing the knot which held the sheer small garment in place, it falling down as she parted her legs to let it drop to the floor. She then moved herself closer, so close that I could smell the scent of her own arousal.

Nic was shaven scrupulously bare down there, hairless just like my own, and her lips were pink and visibly glistening, her wetness displayed. She was absolutely ready, it seemed. Although I was not a stranger to the taste of female flesh, having spent many hours with the handlers back at the Meatgirl Processing Facility, they had done most of the work, with my pleasuring them coming second to their desires to tease and torment this poor meatgirl in their clutches.

But I’d better do something, and quick, otherwise she might just roast me after all. I wriggled as best that I could forward to get closer to the offered flesh, my lips attempted to kiss softly at the outer petals of her sex, but it was hard to get close. I guess that she realised this and moved me to the floor so that I could pleasure her. Nic lay down in front of me, and parted her legs, moving her sex closer, her thighs now on either side of my head.

She let out a low, deep-throated moan as I slowly parted her lips with my tongue, seeking out the little pearl hidden beneath. My tongue reached out as far as I could, tasting the fluids that she was leaking; she had a fresh taste, she must have showered, I guessed beforehand. Nic let out a throaty little moan and began to grind hard on my mouth, and I heard her say, “Oh, yes, oh, right there, right there… yes!"

My tongue worked harder with her encouraging cries, my lips forming around her hard little nub, my tongue teasing it with soft, tender strokes, her little clit was hard, engorged, and oh so slick under my tongue. But I didn’t want her to climax too quickly, so I took my time and teased her like I had been at the hands, or should I say mouth, of the two handlers back at the facility. Eventually, though, Nic could take no more, and she wailed out her pleasure and arched up hard as her orgasm rolled through her body; her pussy spasming hard and fast against my questing tongue, her fluids coating my mouth, I savoured her sweet juices as she continued to shake with pleasure as her orgasm washed over her being.

She fell back onto the floor, her legs were now weak and still shaking, such was the powerful climax that she’d had, “That was good, no it was better than good…” she gasped out while trying to recover, “Oh god, I’ve never experienced anything like that”

Just then her phone rang, she stood up and spoke with the caller. I could hear snippets of the conversation, “all sold…”, “too late…”, but then she left the kitchen to talk in private with the caller. Eventually, when she returned, she looked down at me still on the floor where she left me, with a brief smile, she said, “You were really good, you certainly know what to do with that tongue of yours.”

“Does that mean I’m spared the oven then?” I laughed, but I wasn’t sure that I’d escaped that fate.

“Oh, no, you’re still going in the oven, once I can get some feeling in my legs, that is,” Nic grinned, “that’s the fate of all meatgirls after all.”

Nic then reached down and picked me up from the floor, she then placed me back on the island table, which I guess was where she normally prepared the meatgirls for the oven. Once she placed me, she started moving about the kitchen, bringing things out of cupboards, and placing them near me. She hummed to herself whilst she got things ready; it seemed that she really intended to cook me; she had even turned on the oven. It looked as though my time as a meatgirl had come to its ultimate conclusion.

Maybe I had always wanted for this to happen to me, I had often fantasised that I was prepared and roasted by a beautiful woman, her soft hands getting me ready, though this was no longer just a fantasy it seemed, and a shiver rippled through my belly at the thought; I swallowed hard, it seemed that my own arousal was building with the thoughts of what was going to happen to me., and I recalled what my mother had said to me when I was a little girl, “that I'd better behave myself or I would end up like them.” That it now seemed was going to come true.

Now that it seemed that she had everything that she needed to prepare me for roasting, she started getting me ready. The first thing that she did was to cut the plastic bag that I had been packaged in back at the warehouse. I had wondered if they actually cooked the meatgirl while still inside the bag, but that clearly wasn’t the case here. The cooler air hit my body when the bag was removed, and a shiver ran through my body, was it just the cold air or a frisson of arousal at the thought of what Nic was about to do to me?

My thoughts on the matter were interrupted when I felt the oil that she was pouring on my body, then I felt her soft, warm hands start to spread the oil over my flesh, her hands felt delightful wherever they touched me, my skin reacting with shivers and goosebumps. The oil had a wonderful smell, some sort of spice mixed in with some herbs, and it left my skin tingling where it was applied. Nic seemed very happy with what she was doing and continued to hum a tune while she prepared me for the oven.

Once she had finished on my back, including my legs and rear rump, which she had commented would make a fine Sunday roast, and that she’d put that part of me away for eating later, it was just too fine a meat to waste, she had said. Satisfied with her progress so far, it was now time to roll me over and start on my front. I just lay there and let her move me as she wished, resigned to my upcoming fate. I had no desire to move or escape; my submissive side seemed to have taken over, and I was hers to do with whatever she wanted.

Now that I was lying on my back, Nic started pouring more of the oil on my body, working this on my breasts, and then eventually working her way down my tummy until she reached my most sensitive area. The feeling of her hands on my breasts as she worked the oil into the flesh, my body responding to her touch, my nipples standing at full attention, something that Nic noticed, she bent down closer, her mouth now mere inches from my breast, and then she found my nipple and gently took it between her teeth. A deft little touch, and then flicking my nipple with her warm tongue, and with a kiss, she moved over to my other breast, where she repeated her movement.

But before I could take too much pleasure from her warm mouth on my breasts, she had moved on and her hands were now moving further south, my legs automatically parting, trying to open myself for her as best that I could with my ankles still tied for her to gain access to my very wet and wanting pussy. Her hand was now down between my legs, Nic’s slender fingers were gently probing and stroking me, coating the area with more oil, though I guessed that I was already very moist down there.

Her fingertips were dead-centre on one of my most responsive erogenous areas, and it was already making me more turned on, Nic stroked me on my outer petals of delight and then delved between my lips, she then found my clit and began teasing, gently rubbing the nub, her finger running small circles around the firm flesh, I felt my muscles tensing, my back arching involuntarily as it always did, the beads of sweat mixed with the oil that coated my body. She drove me onwards towards my crescendo; her touches were precisely what I needed to bring me closer to the edge.

Nic slowly pushed her finger deep into my tight, hot pussy, and then added a second finger, reaching further into my hot insides, her fingers danced around inside of me, while her thumb continued to tease and torment my aching clit, and then she found that most sensitive spot deep within me, this pushed me over the edge. I cried out as the orgasm ran through me, and I arched up hard from the bench. I convulsed over and over, grunting harshly and deeply in my throat with each aching throbbing contraction in my belly.

As I came back from the earth shattering moment, I opened my eyes to see Nic smiling, her hands for a brief movement had continued their ministrations, but I was too spent now to worry about what she was doing to me, my body was still shuddering from the powerful climax at her hands, but all things must end, and she said, “Well little pig, I guess that you’re now ready for the oven, I’m looking forward to savouring that juicy pussy some more once you’re cooked, maybe with some white wine.”

She easily rolled me over again, now face down, she began using some more rope to bind me, ready for the oven, folding me so that I’d fit inside the roasting pan. Once she had finished trussing me up and then adding another coating of the oil, she moved me to the pan that she had ready. Picking up the pan easily, she walked over to the oven, the door opening with a waft of warm air. Nic placed the tray on the oven door, it seemed like I would soon be inside the oven and meeting the fate of all those other meatgirls that I had shared the storeroom with.

“Nearly forgot!” Nic exclaimed, and left me there in the pan, resting on the open door and feeling the heat of the oven as it warmed my body. She returned from getting what she needed, and I felt something large between my legs, and then it probed the outer flesh of my pussy, but with the recent activity that I had received from Nic’s hands, I was well lubricated and whatever it was slid inside me very easily. This was followed by another at my rear. I was well stuffed now, the two intruders buried deep within me.

Nic then pushed the roasting pan into the oven, “See you on the table,” she said, “roast well, little pig, I’m looking forward to eating your tender flesh.” And then closed the oven door behind me. I was now stuck inside the oven, accepting my fate. I lay there as the heat helped me relax and feel sleepy, especially after what Nic had put me through with the skillful hands, content to lay here and cook, I hoped that I made a good roast for her and that she enjoyed eating me.

---

Ollie was in a state of shock when he found out that his wife had been sold, and now cooked and eaten, it was all his fault, he blamed himself, he had arranged to play golf with his friend Sam, and had tricked his wife into being bound and stored away, just as she loved he had thought at the time, but things had gone drastically wrong it seemed, and he had no one to blame but himself he thought.

Sam had seen the way that Ollie had reacted to the news of his wife’s demise, he knew that at this moment that he couldn’t leave him alone, in his state of grief he had no idea what he’d do, so he suggested that Ollie should come back to his home, there was no way that he could drive himself back to his own place tonight. So he helped Ollie into his car and they drove back to the home that he shared with Nic, though not married, they were partners in more than business.

Once there, Sam helped him from the car and into the house. Once inside, they made their way to where Nic was waiting for them in the kitchen. Greeting first Sam and then welcoming Ollie, whom she met on previous occasions, she wondered why Ollie looked so out of sorts, and asked, “What’s happened?”

Sam replied, “Ollie’s had some bad news.”

“Oh! What bad news would that be?” Nic asked, although aware of what that news would be, but she played along.

“We left Ollie’s wife Amy tied up in the storeroom back in the warehouse, and then went to play some golf, but when we got back, we found the store empty, and that’s when I rang to find out where the stock was,” Sam told her. “And that you’d sold them all.”

“Yes, the client was very happy with the meatgirls, although I could have sold him many more if we had them. Maybe we should increase the stock numbers that we carry.” Nic replied business-like.

“Yes, but one of those was his wife.” Sam retorted.

“What was she doing bound up in our storeroom? I don’t get why she was there.” Nic questioned.

“Ollie and Amy had this thing where they kept her as a meatgirl, putting her away in storage; it was just a game that they played.” Sam replied, “Normally, just back in their own store, but we thought that she’d be safe in our storeroom.”

Well, clearly not,” Nic stated, “Why would she let herself be trussed up and put in storage? It seems a bit bizarre to me. Why would anyone do that?”

“It was just a game…” Ollie finally spoke, “Just a game…”

“Well, it seems like that game reached its peak,” Nic declared. “Meanwhile, I’m hungry, would you both like something to eat?”

“I don’t think Ollie really wants anything, but it might help,” Sam answered.

“Good, I’ve a freshly roasted meatgirl in the oven, I just need to get it out, why don’t you two sit in the dining room while I get things ready,” Nic told them.

Once they’d gone, she walked over to the oven and opened the door, “How are you doing there, little pig?” she asked.

I was stunned that I was still alive at this point; she had prepared me and stuffed me in the oven, and I thought that my time had come.

“You didn’t think that I was going to roast you, did you?” Nic said, “Just teasing you, and I’m also teaching those two buffoons in the next room a lesson, so you ready to be served up?”

---

In the dining room, both men sat in their chairs, not speaking, one too stunned to say anything, the other at a loss for what to say to comfort his friend. The silence was broken when Nic walked in carrying a tray, on the tray was what looked like a roasted meatgirl. There was a roasted glaze on her skin, and a warmth coming from being inside the oven while cooking.

Nic placed the tray on the table, making sure to put the head of the meatgirl facing their guest, who at that moment seemed to be lost in another world, but the spell was broken when he caught sight of what Nic had placed down in front of him, and at first he couldn’t believe his eyes, he took a second look and still stunned tried to say something.

Nic spoke up, ”I found this meatgirl in our storeroom when I got back from making deliveries. When I checked the stock list, I found that this one wasn’t listed, so I decided to bring it home and roast it for dinner. Hope everyone’s hungry, I know that I am.”

Sam looked at what looked like a perfectly roasted meatgirl on the table, and then he realised what Nic had said about the meatgirl not being part of their stock, which must mean he thought, “Is this the same one we left this morning?”

“I guess it is!” Nic responded, “And it looks like it turned out well.”

“But that’s…” Ollie declared, “You’ve cooked my wife…”

“No, I’ve roasted the meatgirl that you left bound in the storeroom, if that was your wife, I’ve got to ask why you left her there?” Nic remarked.

“To play golf…” Ollie replied, “But…”

At that point, I couldn’t hold myself any longer. “We were supposed to be enjoying a weekend together, but I ended up bound, gagged and stored away on my own,” I exclaimed. My eyes now open and looking right at the man who had orchestrated the whole thing.

“But you were sold…” Ollie, stunned, replied.

“That’s what Nic wanted you to believe. She was a bit pissed off seeing me locked away in the storeroom, and she managed to get me out before the client took the rest of the meatgirls.” I answered, “If it wasn’t for Nic’s keen eye, I would have been eaten by now.”

“I’m sorry, it wasn’t meant to…” Ollie started to say, but was interrupted by Nic.

“If it wasn’t for your lack of attention when putting her away, I would never have spotted her, normally, meatgirls don’t wear nipple rings, not that I’ve seen up to today, that is, thankfully, you seemed to be ignorant of that fact,” Nic informed them.

“Sorry, but we just…” Ollie replied, “I thought that she’d like some time with the other meatgirls.”

“Normally, I would have, but this was supposed to be just us, but I guess that just didn’t occur to you, never mind, that has now gone,” I told him. Then, turning to Nic, “Could you untie me, please, I think we’ve made our point.”

---

After I had made use of Nic’s offer to shower, which she helped me with, her hands again exploring my body, scrubbing off the oil that she had so tenderly applied to my flesh, we both shared that moment, bringing each other to another orgasm, before drying and finally saying our goodbyes.

The journey home was quiet; we didn’t speak, and when we got back to the store, I went into the spare bedroom to sleep. Ollie decided to let me simmer down before he would attempt again to apologise for spoiling the weekend.

Though try as I might, I found sleeping difficult, my mind drifting back to being used by Nic’s delicate hands, my own fingers drifting down my body and finding the little nub that she had so skillfully played with earlier. But even so, I just couldn’t bring myself off; there was something missing; there was something else that I needed, something that I knew that I could find elsewhere.

Quietly leaving the bedroom, I headed, still naked, down the stairs and sought out the place that I knew would give me comfort and pleasure. The storeroom door beckoned me, enticing me with the secret delights that it contained. Grabbing some rope, I soon made short work of binding my ankles and then my wrists. Reaching for the door, I opened it, instantly the lights came on, and I could see my desired destination, a small gap between two meatgirls.

Picking up the gag and the barcode tag, plus the bag for my head, I made my way inside, closing the door behind me, the click of the lock letting me know that I was shut in now, safe and secure with my fellow meatgirls. Putting the gag in my mouth, I fastened the straps and, happy with the way that it felt, I made my way to where I had seen the gap. The bag over my head followed the tag through my nipple. I had left my nipple rings behind upstairs. Once the tie around my neck was closed, the bag now over my head, I reached around in the dark for the feeding tube, connecting this to the gag, which would ensure that I would be kept hydrated and fed, just like the other meatgirls.

Now ready, I squeezed myself between the two meatgirls, our bodies connecting, our flesh rubbing against each other. Satisfied with what I’d done, I reached up with my bound wrists and found the welcoming hook that would entrap me. Sliding the rope over the metal, the clasp briefly opened and allowed the rope to enter, now I was fully attached to the rack; I would be stuck here for the foreseeable future until someone found me. Hopefully, that would be Matt.

The meatgirls on either side of me had, I guessed, at first wondered what was going on, but when they found another warm, naked body pressed up against their own, they seemed to settle down, and soon they both began to rub themselves up against the body offered to them. I returned the favour and joined them in our little erotic dance; this is what I needed, and I savoured their bodies against my own for the rest of the night, eventually drifting off to sleep, sated in my desires and blissfully content. I guess you can’t keep a good meatgirl down for too long.
