---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/orgasmochair.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Orgasmochair
authors:
- Restricted
tags:
- Sbf
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-20 00:00:00
---

I should not have had that
row with Dave. Okay, he was unfaithful, but I should have worked it out with him
and not sent him on his way. I should have realised working on the oil rigs for
weeks on end would make him frustrated. And they should not have sent that
pretty nurse in. I should have forgiven him. He was kind to me and what he made
me; he had no ways of making something like this for himself. Oh how I wish Dave
was back.

To pass my time and keep me
faithful to him he had spent a lot of money and time making my chair. I have
used it many times and it kept me sane until he came back. When that happened I
made sure he knew I was grateful for the chair. 

The chair was like the back
of a chair with the seat arranged like a small pummel horse; you know those
things you see on the Olympics where those athletic young men swing their charms
about. I used to sit on the chair and imagine it was Dave or play one of my
recordings of the Olympics and imagine I was being used by the winner of the
event.

The back of the seat was
made of oak and was covered in leather. From the back Dave had secured some
shoulder bars that cross my shoulders like the ones in the theme park rides to
hold you in. My head just fits between these bars and they certainly hold me in
tight! The bars come right down at the front and across my breasts so I have to
slide under them bending my head forward and lifting my body up. My body is held
quite firmly until I slide my butt forwards and drop my shoulders.  My
breasts are held up by the cross bar. Dave loves the look of that.

The seat was only 9 inches
wide. But 3 feet forward from the back!  It
is covered in leather. My legs are held in the clamps that swivel to let me
slide under the “safety bars” as I call them. I have to lock and release
them with the strings Dave attached to them. They are quite ingenious. Dave used
to love me stuck in the chair for hours while he watched football.

But the seat is the
important bit. It is covered in leather and has a hole in it. The seat is
battery powered and this can last for 12 hours, tormenting me and giving me my
much needed sexual release. Dave was afraid of a power cut, which is why he made
it battery powered. I can bless him for that.

Through the hole a rubber
dildo slides up and down. I have to position myself to receive it. I got myself
ready for today’s session. This will help me get over Dave. I have gagged
myself as I don’t want to scream out in ecstasy like I have done on this seat
before.  I do not want the
neighbours to hear me.

Dave was thoughtful and
split a pair of handcuffs so he could attach each half to one of the safety
bars. But he has given me a good foot of chain. The key to the cuffs are on a
chain around my neck so I can reach it.  I
have laid the release strings for my leg restraints over the end of the seat for
easy access. My right hand has the switch nearby. I am fastened securely.

Looking in the mirror at
myself, I can see this helpless creature looking back at me. Now to switch on
the seat. Dave had somehow managed to get the seat to start slowly and build up
the sped and pressure. I can always stop it when I want to. I have no expertise
on electronics to tell you how he did this, but it is wonderful. I am wasting
time telling you all this, I need to be satisfied once again.

I switch on the chair and I
can feel the dildo rising to my lips. I ease myself over it and it enters me
easily. It is nice and sloooow! Oh that was nice. For the last few moments it
has gently eased in and out, about 4 inches movement each time. In and out, in
and out. Ooooh that was nice, it has built up speed now, just going a little
faster now.

“Aaaahhh! Hyuuumph” That
was wonderful. Every girl should have a chair like this. Dave used to love
watching the chair and me in action. “Ahhhhhh!” The pleasure is getting
better now. I am starting to warm up inside already. I involuntarily move my
back to get the best position for it to find my G-spot.

“Hmmmmm!” I am purring
now. So is the chair’s motor!  “Agh?”
I swear that went a little bit further than it should have done. I must be
imagining it. “Hmmm” it seems okay now. I must have imagined it. It must be
the pleasure I am receiving. May the Lord make me thankful for what I am about
to receive! “Hymmmm!” The motor is going a little bit faster now.

I am wet already. The seat
is covered in my love juices. “Hmmmmm!” “Agh!” It did go a little bit
further. How could it. It is only a wheel with a rod running along the top of
it. It is spring loaded so the wheel acts like a cam and the rod and dildo
spring back down again.

“Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!” Now
I am nearly at boiling point. I can’t wait much longer for my climax. “Agggghhhh!”
It definitely has gone a bit further. Has Dave mucked about with it?

“Hmmmm!” This is
wonderful. I am squirming in my bonds in time with the motor and the dildo.  “Aggghhhhkkk!”
It has gone a lot further than it was supposed to. I am afraid it will hurt me.
“Argh”. That hurt. I scream against my gag. I explode in the most tremendous 
orgasm. Wave after wave has hit me sending shivers all down my spine.

What is this? The motor has
stopped with the dildo deep inside me. It takes a few moments to get my senses
back. I undo the cuffs on my wrists and remove my gag. Now I can release my
legs. Only one last thing to do, to get out of the chair.

I can’t. The dildo is too
far inside me. I can’t lift my butt over it. I try arching my back, but the
safety bars hold me down too far. I can’t stoop forward because of the back of
the chair. I am stuck. Perhaps the dildo will slide back down inside the chair
soon. I flick the switch to start the motor again, but it is silent. I switch
off the motor hoping the battery will recuperate enough to move the cam wheel
round and let the dildo drop down from deep inside me.

I have given it a half hour.
Now to try it again. Click! The motor half heartedly groans but the dildo does
not move. What can I do? I have just heard my neighbours leave for their
holidays.

I try to wriggle but cannot
get past the dildo. Damn this chair!  I
am well and truly stuck. I knew I should have not rowed with Dave, but forgiven
him. I wish I had put my mobile where I could reach it so I can phone for help.

I have been here for 12
hours now. I am bursting to use the toilet. My bladder is giving me pain. It is
no use; I am going to have to do it as best as I can. I watch the water spread
out across the chair. It is awful. But so is this dildo stuck in me. I try to
think of all the women who have been held prisoner for months, years even and
had these used on them. Probably some so big they nearly split them in half.

Oh please come back Dave I
forgive you! If only I could ring you to let you know!
