---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Good Cop, Bad Cop
authors:
- Cai
tags:
- M/f
- MF/mf
- bond
- scarves
- gag
- bfold
- caught
- cuffs
- forced
- torment
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2014-02-14 00:00:00
---

This is my first story, please let me know what you think over on the forum.

**To Protect and Serve Part 1: Hotel room**

I met Katherine during an interstate business trip and we became an item rather quick. She would be about 173 cm, slender with long dark hair. I felt so comfortable around her so much that I told her about my fascination with scarves and bondage in general and to be my surprise, she was quite open to the idea even though she didn't really know too much about it.

We live in different states but visited each other on a frequent basis. It was Friday night and I met Katherine at the bar. She learnt quickly about what turns me on and dressed up to perfection. There she was sitting at the bar all dressed up in her black satin business skirt with blue satin blouse and finished it off with a blue and white scarf folded into a triangle and wore it like a cowgirl. She gave me a big smile as she saw me walk in. As I sat down, it was obvious she wasn't wearing any bra because of her nipples poking out and can only assumed she wasn't wearing any underwear either.

We had couple of drinks together while constantly teasing each other. I kept rubbing my hand up and down over her sexy ass while she was doing the same with her hand over my groin. There was nothing sexier than having a drink while admiring a beauty all dressed up to your standards. I couldn't handle it any longer and we retreated to our hotel room. On the way to the elevators, I accidently bumped in a cop and his partner. The guy cop obviously was not happy about it and started screaming at me and telling me about being drunk in public was an offence. Katherine and I apologized to the officer and walked out as quick as we could.

As we enter our room, I went through Katherine's purse and pulled out a square green/white scarf. I told Katherine to turn around and put her wrists behind her back. I folded the scarf into a band and securely tied her wrists. I then grabbed a white bandana from her purse and tightly cleave gagged her and to finish it off, I pulled one more scarf from her purse which was a maroon/blue scarf and blindfolded her. I opened up the balcony door and led her out there. I sat down on the chair looking over the beautiful night sky of the city. I kept rubbing her crotch and she was getting wet quite quickly. I light up a cigarette and told Katherine to get down on her knees.

She got down on her knees and started to lick my balls and my penis through her gagged mouth. It was the best feeling I can ask for. Having a cigarette while a beautiful dressed woman was tied, gagged, blindfolded, and licking your dick and balls. My dick got hard really quick and I pulled down her gag so she can fully use her mouth. I always wondered if someone from a nearby hotel building can see us on the balcony, a guy having a cigarette while a tied woman was giving him a blowjob and what would they have thought to themselves? I kept smoking away and checking out the view while Katherine kept going and down on my dick. I can't describe how much I was enjoying this part.

Before I could go onto the next part. I heard the balcony's door slam wide open behind me and I turned around to see the officers that I bumped into earlier. Both of them were pointing their guns at me and both were shocked to see what was going on. The guy cop told me to put my hands behind my back slowly and which I did. The lady cop then handcuff my hands together. Katherine didn't know what was happening as she was still tied and blindfolded. The guy cop told her to remain silent then he laughed and said, "A dirty drunken pervert, I will show you what it is like to be a pervert" and then both of the cops laughed among themselves.

The guy cop then used his radio but I didn't know what he said. The lady cop then picked Katherine up and sat her down to a chair facing me and as the lady cop was about to put the gag back into Katherine mouth, she said, "Don't worry, tonight will be the best night of your life" and then gagged Katherine. The lady cop was exotic about the same height as Katherine and had the same built but she was blonde with her hair tied in a ponytail.

Next thing I knew, the lady cop came back out with scarves and bandanas. She must have seen them sitting on the table. The guy cop then told the lady cop to gag me and to tie my legs together. Before, she did that, she took my pants off as well as my underwear. She used a black oblong scarf to tie my ankles together and then a red oblong scarf to tie my knees together. She then cleave gagged me with a blue bandana. I was getting a hard on as I also love being tied up. The lady cop obviously saw my excitement and giggle and whispered  to me, "Stay hard for me" and then wrapped a scarf around my nuts and shaft and tied it so tight that I screamed through my gag.

My shirt was also ripped off and there I was, naked, handcuffed with my ankles and knees tied together and gagged on the balcony. The guy cop then came out and lifted Katherine off the seat while he sat down on the chair and made her sit on his knees. He lights up a cigarette and said, "Here is the deal, you two do as you are told and no one gets hurt and if you don't do as you are told, we will frame you for attempted murders on police officers and beside, you both don't really have a choice".

The guy cop took another puff and then yelled, "Give me a lap dance, you whore or I will hurt your dirty boyfriend over there". With that, Katherine began to wiggle her hips back and forward and she was doing a great job considering she was tied, gagged, and blindfolded. My dick can only get harder and I can see the cop's dick growing out of his pants. He quickly took off his pants and let Katherine continue to rub her sexy ass all over his already hard dick.

Now what came next was a surprise. The lady cop came back out, removed Katherine's blindfold and then came over to me and then began to suck on my hard dick. It was sensational and felt like cumming right there but she stopped and turned to Katherine and laughed. The guy cop then forced Katherine on to her knees, pulled down the gag and then forced her head onto his dick and said, "suck it hard bitch, suck it like you are sucking your boyfriend's dick".

Katherine didn't really have a choice and sucked on the cop's dick like it was life or death and on occasions choked on the cop's hard cock. After a good 10 minutes, the guy cop pulled his cock out and came all over Katherine's face and then made her suck the last drips. He then re-gagged her and threw her to the ground and said, "Great entrees, can't wait for the mains" and then told the lady cop to secure Katherine.

The lady cop went over to Katherine and then use green/blue square scarf to tie her legs together and re blindfold her. The night is turning out to be a nightmare for the both of us. Katherine was tied, gagged, blindfolded still with her clothes on with cum all over her face while I was handcuffed to a chair naked with a scarf tightly tied around my balls and cock which was getting painful.

I then heard someone come in and then to my surprise, it was my friend, Ben. I forgot all about him as I told him to come and see me about the report. The lady cop stood next to him and said, "Your friend is here to see you" with a smirk on her face. Ben wasn't sure what to say seeing me naked and Katherine on the flood all tied up. The guy cop then came up behind Ben and told him to strip and said, "Welcome to the party".

Ben stripped and was now all naked. The lady cop then handcuff his hands behind his back and gagged him with a red bandana. The lady cop then stroked his dick to get it hard and it didn't take long and the next minute she secured his balls and cock with a scarf like she did to me.

The guy cop then said, "Lets play a game, it is called, head or tail".

"Head and the girl sucks her boyfriend's cock, tail and she sucks on his friend's cock".

He flipped the coin and I was praying it was a head but turns out to be a tail. The guy cop picked Katherine up from the ground and got her to sit on her knees and removed her gag while the lady cop guided Ben over to Katherine and then help guide Katherine's head to Ben's hard cock. The guy cop then said, "Suck it hard like you sucked my cock, you whore".

Katherine did the same as before and began sucking Ben's hard cock. It was quite degrading to see your girlfriend sucking another man's cock but your own friend is simple to another level. Ben didn't last long and he came inside Katherine's mouth which she gagged on and then came a bit more on her face. Now Katherine's face was drenched with cum and it was now dripping on the scarf that she was wearing since the beginning of the night.

The guy cop then came out, sat on the chair, light up another cigarette, and made Katherine suck on his dick again as he smoked away. He was getting hard again and then he said, "Lets play triple team".

I have no idea what that mean but I will find out quite soon enough. He turned Katherine around with her facing me and without any warning, put his cock up Katherine's skirt and into her sweet spot and told her to ride him like she means it.  She starts to move back and forward on his dick, grinding her hips like a cowgirl while the guy cop just sat there continued on taking puffs from his cigarette and holding on to the scarf that was binding Katherine's wrists.

The lady cop then pushed Ben over to where Katherine and the guy cop was. She forced Katherine's head down to where Ben's cock was and began to suck his cock as well as riding the guy cop. Ben also got hard again quite quickly. While I was at work earlier in the day, I would have never thought being handcuff naked on the balcony while my girlfriend was tied, riding a cop's cock and sucking on my friend's cock at the same time. I knew the guys were coming soon as the guy cop took over and started to pump my girlfriend harder and harder while Ben was pushing his cock harder and harder into her mouth. Soon enough, the guy cop pulled out his cock and came all over Katherine's black satin skirt and shortly after, Ben also came for the second time in her mouth and all the cum was dripping from her mouth.

Each one of us was then forced back into the room. This time around, we were all hogtied, gagged, and blindfolded not knowing what was going to happen.

As the cops walked out of the room, the guy cop said, "Your turn to have some fun is coming up".
