---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Maid to Doll
authors:
- Gromet
tags:
- Solo-F
- maid
- hotel
- discovery
- sexdoll
- latex
- catsuit
- switch
- mast
- caught
- M+/f
- boxed
- transported
- M/f
- bed
- sex
- climax
- hum
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2018-11-05 00:00:00
---

Anna worked as a housemaid in a posh 5 star hotel in a large capital city, she’d been there for a couple of years and in that time she’d seen several celebrities stay over when in town. But today she found out that her all-time favourite rock star was staying at her hotel, she’d been a great fan and had idolised him for a number of years, so saying that she was excited would be an understatement.
She also found out that he was staying on the floor that she was assigned to clean today, she may even have a chance to see him, the thoughts made her feel dizzy. Once the staff briefing was over she headed to collect her cart and everything needed to clean the rooms on her floor. She knew of course that it was against the hotel’s policy to interact with the guests, something that she could be dismissed for, but she knew that this would may be her only opportunity to see him this close.
Anna took the service elevator up to her floor, there were other housemaids in the lift and each time the lift stopped to let one of the maids off, she felt the frustration and annoyance that this was taking precious time away from the chance of seeing her idol. Finally she made it up to her floor, but first she had to clean a couple of other rooms beforehand, as they had guests coming that day and would need to be ready for when they arrived.
Two hours later Anna moved on to the rooms where her idol was staying in the hotel, she knew that he was staying in suite 806 but had several other rooms for his staff and one for press conferences. Carefully knocking on the door to 806, she announced herself, “Room service.” And waited for a response, when she heard none she opened the door with her electronic key.
Upon entering the room she re-announced “Room service”, but again there was no response, she knew from experience that she could now get on with her tasks whilst the guest was out somewhere. She could also have a good look around whilst no one was there, this was after all her rock idols room, maybe she could get some sort of keepsake.
Anna looked around the room, well the lounge part of the suite, she hadn’t gotten to the bedroom part yet, there were several things lying around and she best thought that she should be tidying up should anyone chance coming back and spotting her in here. She began collecting glasses left over from what looked like a party; these she would wash and return to the drinks cabinet. Next she picked up items thrown on the floor, plus bagging the trash that was left lying around.
She then entered the bedroom, the room was dark with the curtains closed blocking out the daylight, switching on the lights and then walking over to open the curtains without another thought, she was shocked when she turned back. There laying in the bed was a person, “Sorry” she stammered, “I thought that the room was unoccupied.”
She was about to leave but when she didn’t get a response from the person in the bed she decided to check that they were okay, she’d had heard of guest being found unconscious, drugged or even dead by other maids, so she didn’t want that on her conscience. Anna headed over to the bed, maybe she thought that he was laying there under the covers; the thought excited her that she would finally get to see him up close and very personal.
As she got closer to the bed she noticed one leg was left uncovered by the sheets, it was covered in some black material and definitely looked female. “Excuse me madam.” She said, but still got no response from them. She edged closer and reached out to touch the leg, “Madam.” She said again and touched the leg, feeling the coldness of the leg and the slick feeling of the material covering it.
Anna was shocked at first, maybe she was dead, she felt cold to the touch and wasn’t responding, she decided to pull the covers back to reveal the face. When she did she gasped at what she saw, the face was covered in the same black material as the leg. Only the eyes were visible, then she looked at the mouth, they were a vivid pink colour, puffy and shaped to form an ‘O’. Anna touched the female on the shoulder to get some form of response, “Madam.” She said as she shook the shoulder.
Getting no response, she pulled back the covers to reveal the woman was clad in a skin tight suit made from the black material, it looked shiny and covered her all over, her curves accentuated by the shine and the material. Touching the woman again she began to realise that she wasn’t alive, and the feel of her body under the material felt soft but not like flesh, more fabricated. The eyes hadn’t moved but were open, Anna looked into them but there was no response.
Anna lifted the woman up into a sitting position, then realised that she was indeed not a human female but rather a sex doll, she’d read about these in the news, lately there had been several stories about men preferring these dolls to real females, using them for their pleasure she assumed. Now she was face to face, so to speak with a real sex doll. But it was the suit that covered the doll that intrigued Anna; she’d seen several female celebrities wearing something this shiny in public appearances in her magazines.
‘What was the material they were wearing?’ she thought to herself. Then it came to her ‘Latex! They were wearing a latex outfit, that’s why they were so shiny.’
Anna looked down at the doll in front of her, she closely examined the suit that the doll was wearing, it covered every inch of her body, with only openings for the eyes, her mouth and as Anna looked down below, her pussy was also the same vivid pink as her lips, it stood out between her legs leaving no doubt about what her uses were. ‘Okay, so he likes to use dollies’ Anna thought, ‘does that change how I feel about him?’ No was her answer.
She needed to get on with cleaning, the room wasn’t going to magically clean itself and she would be in trouble with her boss if she didn’t complete her tasks. Whilst vacuuming the rooms her thoughts kept going back to the discovery of the doll in the bed, why would he use one when he had the pick of hundreds of women who would give their right arm to spend the night with their idol.
The thought of the doll and the suit kept running through her mind as she continued cleaning, she even finished cleaning her other assigned rooms, before she finished though she had to venture back into his room, she hadn’t made the bed, the discovery of the doll had first shocked her, but then given time she seemed to accept that it was his preference. So she re-entered the bedroom to make the bed.
It was when she picked up the doll that the first wicked thoughts started to enter her head, the doll was about the same build and weight as Anna, from her initial estimate the dolls body was similar in shape to her own. She did seem to like the touch of the latex material and wondered what she’d look like wearing the suit that the doll was wearing and what it would feel like. Leaving the room she quickly returned her cart to a service cupboard on her floor, she called her boss to say that she was finished but she had a bad headache and would need to go home early.
Once satisfied all the loose ends were taken care of she returned to the room, she’d left the door to the room propped open prior so she didn’t have to use her key, which would be recorded by the system and as she was now officially off the clock, she would be in trouble for using it after work. Once safely inside she ventured back into the bedroom, there she found the doll just as she’d left her. She began removing the latex suit that covered the doll, it wasn’t easy but she found that once she started it became easier to remove.
The doll was soon naked, the suit was the only thing covering her body, Anna felt at first embarrassed at seeing her like this but then realised that she was just a doll after all, the doll felt no shame. Anna then stripped off her uniform, even taking her underwear off as she didn’t want anything between her and the suit. She picked up the suit, looking inside she saw white powder against the inner surface; it smelt of talc, something she’d used after showering herself. She began looking for the container and found it in the bathroom.
Anna doused herself in the talcum powder, without realising that this would enable her to slide into the suit easier but also mask any body odour from her work beforehand cleaning the rooms. She again picked up the suit and placed her left leg inside, the black hole accepting her proffered limb as it engulfed her in its inky blackness. Her foot found the bottom section which with some pressure allowed her foot to come to rest inside. Anna then placed her right leg inside and pushed through again until her foot was seated in the suit.
Now she began pulling the suit up her legs and over her thighs, as she looked down inside the suit she noticed the inserts that had been inside the doll. ‘Oh!’ she thought, ‘I didn’t realise that there were two. But then I suppose all of the dolls openings would be available to be used.’
She found a bottle of lube by the side of the bed, ‘That’s handy, I wonder if he’d used it on the doll?’ Anna thought, ‘but then the doll wouldn’t have the natural lubrication that a normal female would’. She reasoned to herself.
Anna spread the lube on the two inserts, ‘Here we go’ she thought and began the task of inserting the rear one first, with the lube helping the first insert slid into her rear, it was tight but with persistence she managed to get the thing inside her. The front insert slid in much easier, ‘Mustn’t be as tight there’, she mused to herself.
With the inserts now in place Anna pulled the suit over her hips, the latex gripping her flesh as she pulled the suit up and over. She was starting to enjoy the feeling of the latex material, the tightness and all-enclosure ramping up her sexual desire, she found herself surprised that she was getting so turned on by wearing the suit.

Anna decided that her arms would be next; it seemed to be the next logical step in getting dressed in a one-piece suit. Her hands were soon enclosed in the black suit; her arms looked amazing to her clad in the clingy material. ‘I’d best put the hood on next.’ She thought. Holding either side of the hood she bent her head down and ducked herself inside the suit, she pushed with her head into the tight neck part which stretched to allow her entry, she had some trouble pushing through and she hoped that she could hold her breath long enough. 
Suddenly her head popped through into the hood, she now needed to breathe but found the latex stopped her; she started to panic but calmed herself and continued to pull the hood down over her head. Anna arranged the hood so that she could see out of the eye-holes, then aligned her nose and found two small tubes that appeared to want to fit into her nostrils. She pushed them in place and now could breathe easily; she relaxed her body now that her initial panic had subsided.

Next up came the mouth, she began to push the insert inside her mouth, she found that the opening had a ring around the inside that fitted into her mouth, it also held her mouth open in the same ‘O’ position that she’d found the doll in. She tried to close her mouth, Anna found that she could do so but each time she relaxed her mouth again formed the ‘O’, so she gave up and continued with the final fitting of the suit.

Anna found the zipper down the back of the suit and began closing it, the suit was tight and she had to struggle to adjust her and the suit to enable the zipper to close, but it got easier as she closed the zipper towards her neck, her body tightly enclosed within the suits grasp. Finally she managed to get the zipper fully closed and she moved her body around to adjust the suit on her, it seemed to fit her quite well now, making a few final adjustments to iron out any wrinkles she found.
Anna walked over to a mirror on the wardrobe door, she wanted to see how she looked, she was excited to see what she looked like enclosed in the suit. She wasn’t disappointed when she saw the results, her body looked fantastic, the shine of the suit accentuated her curves, and the suit showed her body to perfection. And the feelings she was experiencing wearing it were delightful, the way the suit caressed her body, held her in its tight embrace, she felt very turned on and horny at this stage.
She had to do something to ease the pressure building up inside her, so she looked over to the bed; she needed to pleasure herself before the suit drove her mad with desire. The doll was laying there naked and Anna’s first thoughts were to use the doll somehow to bring her to climax, then she thought, ‘I’m not a lesbian, that would feel wrong.’ 
Picking up the doll she without thought took it into the walk-in wardrobe, she placed the doll near the back and covered her with a spare blanket, and then she placed her clothing next to her as well. Now the room was again tidy just the way she liked things, she could relax and enjoy herself in the suit. Anna lay down on the bed and began running her hands over her body, feeling the suit and the way it felt on her body. Her breasts felt wonderful as she ran her hands over them, small electrical tingles sent shivers through her body, her nipples reacting to her touch.
Anna ran her hands over her tummy, her stomach felt like it had a thousand butterflies inside it, her hands reached around her hips, every touch seemed to be magnified by the feel of the latex suit, her body felt more sensuous with each and every touch from her hands on her body. She love the wonderful feelings that she was experiencing, she was so pleased that she had worn the suit.
Her hands soon drifted down to her waiting sex, it seemed to be more alive and wanting that usual, she hadn’t felt this turned on in a while, maybe never. The first touch of her fingers against her outer labia sent shock-waves though her body, she gently continued to play with herself, her touch electrifying. Her fingers soon moved to her little nub and began rolling around it; many years of practice had enabled Anna to work out what she most desired when masturbating.
The suit certainly enhanced the feeling she was experiencing, soon she was reaching her natural high that she had before she achieved her climax. The waves soon rippling over her prone body, her back arching as her climax overwhelmed her senses and her mind in the deep troughs of her brilliant, wonderful earth shattering orgasm. The world seem to no longer exist to Anna as the climax took her over, her whole body one delightful sensation as her muscles tightened in her orgasmic glory.
Anna passed out from the overload to her body and senses, her mind shut down now sated with the desire that she had felt before, Anna succumbed to post-climatic slumber and laid there on the bed satisfied with herself on achieving such a glorious orgasm. Her thoughts drifting off to dream of her and her rock idol, making mad passionate love together.

\* \* \*
Anna awoke to the sound of people entering the suite, she could hear their voices as they entered the lounge part, she started to panic, here she was dressed in the latex suit, she’d been pleasuring herself and now it would seem that she would be caught, she feared that she would lose her job, her livelihood and also the shame of being discovered like this, she would never be able to get another job in any of the cities other hotels.
The voices became clearer as the bedroom door opened and two men walked into the room, Anna lay there on the bed petrified of being discovered, she thought in some way that if she didn’t move she wouldn’t be seen or discovered. But that illusion was soon dispelled as the two men walked directly over to the bed, the bed that she was lying on dressed in the suit.
Anna kept her eyes shut, maybe they won’t see me, or maybe she didn’t want to see the look on their faces when they discovered her. But both men had other things on their minds, if Anna had looked she would have seen that they brought a large carrying case with them, more like a small trunk with wheels, just like the type they store and transport band equipment in. 
Pushing the case over to the side of the bed, the two men pulled the sheet away that covered Anna up, they looked at the body enclosed within the latex suit, and they even admired the way the suit brought out the curves of the female form. But they both knew that they had a job to do and not much time to do it in. To them this was just a sex doll, dressed in some black kinky suit that they had to move.
“Best get this thing packed away, everything in the room needs to be packed and shipped to the next gig.” One of the guys said.
“Why does he have one of these dolls?” asked the other.
“Don’t ask too many questions if you want to keep your job, just turn a blind eye and get on with things, you get used the seeing some weird things in this business.” Replied the other.
They reached over and one grabbed Anna by the shoulders whilst the other grabbed her under her knees, they both lifted her off of the bed and just as quickly lowered her into the case, all without realising that she wasn’t the doll. Anna in the meantime was too afraid to say anything; she just wanted the bed to swallow her whole, so she didn’t have to deal with these two men and the ultimate humiliation of being discovered.
Once they had lowered the doll into the case, they quickly shut the lid; they then fastened the catches on the outside, the doll was now safely stored away and ready to be transported. Now Anna was stuck inside the case, and also inside the suit, there was no way she could remove it just as she couldn’t get out of the case. She felt the case being moved as she was rolled out of the suite and towards the service elevator. Once there she was taken down to the loading dock, there she was loaded in to a van along with all the other possessions from the room. The van then drove off, the men pleased with how quick they had been in clearing the room. 
Anna meanwhile was wondering what had happened, how did they not know that she wasn’t a doll, couldn’t they tell she was real and not made of silicone. She began to be concerned with where she was going to end up, what would happen when she was discovered? She found that she could breathe, whatever she was in wasn't air tight. She could feel the sides of the case, and even tried to push up on the lid, but couldn't budge it, there was no way that she could open it from inside.

About an hour into the drive the two men received a phone call from the tour manager, “Change of plan guys, the star wants his stuff delivered to his home, seems that he’s developed some sort of throat ailment and will be off for a couple of days, go figure rock star prima donnas. So take his shit to his home guys, and then take off for a few days.”
The two guys were pleased with a few days off; they turned the van and headed to the location they’d been given via a text message from their boss. A few hours later they arrived and were shown where to put the clothing and other stuff from the hotel, then they brought the case inside and left it in the hallway. Pleased that they were now done they headed off.
Anna meanwhile had felt the case being transported in the vehicle, she wasn’t sure where she was going, but she did feel the vehicle stop and then change direction. Then she felt them unload her and the case and being carried into somewhere, she didn’t know where, she could only make out faint sounds from the outside, muted conversations but couldn’t make any sense of it. She wondered where she was and when she would be released.
Not too long after she had been dropped off she again felt movement, the case that she was in was being moved by someone, and she felt the case being pushed along on its wheels. Then it suddenly came to a stop, she heard the outside clasps being unlocked and knew that soon she would be found. The lid opened and the light from the room flooded her enclosure, she shut her eyes to protect them from the light after being in the dark for so long.
She felt hands reach in and under her knees, another went behind her neck and she felt herself being lifted out of the case. She tried to stay as still as possible; she felt that she may be able to find some way out of this without being discovered. She was put down as quickly as she was picked up, she felt some sort of seat below her bottom and there was something behind her back too. Maybe a chair of some sort she thought. Just then she felt movement, the chair that she was in was being moved; of course it was on wheels she figured. Her eyes still tightly shut; she didn’t see the wheelchair that she was sitting in nor the person pushing her from behind.
The chair transported her to another room, there she was again picked up and placed laying down on her back on what felt to her like a bed, which it was, the person had carried her and laid her down, just as she was when she was discovered back in the hotel. 'How did they not know that she wasn’t a doll', she thought, 'surely my body would give me away, I’m not as rigid as the doll I think, plus wouldn’t I feel different from the doll'.
The person who carried her was himself wearing a latex catsuit, one that was slightly thicker that the one Anna was wearing, so feeling was a bit restricted on his part. Plus who would suspect that someone would be dressed as his doll, this would never had entered his mind. He was used to the doll, preparing it, carrying it and even more using it. So this doll didn’t seem to be out of place to him, as far as he was concerned this was his doll freshly arrived from his hotel suite.
Anna lay there too scared to look, petrified of being caught out, she just lay there wishing that she could be somewhere else at this moment. She then felt the person climb onto the bed she was laying on, ‘Oh no…’ she thought, ‘he thinks I’m his doll.’ Anna then felt a hand on her body, he was gently caressing her breasts, and she started to feel her body reacting to the touch, her nipples standing out pressing the latex covering them.
His hands moved downwards to her tummy, he circled her soft flesh several times and then he moved his body next to hers. She felt him getting closer to her, his body now laying next to hers, she felt his hands on her hips as he climbed on top of her, his legs parted hers and she could feel a certain hardness pressing against her tummy as he lay on top of her. Once he had her legs apart he swiftly moved to enter her with his penis, she felt his member probing the outer part of her sex, and she knew that soon he would be inside her.
Anna wasn’t sure what she could do at the stage, here she was inside the suit, dressed as the sex doll was, laying on some strangers bed, his body pressing down onto her sandwiching her between the bed and his body, his erect member pressing into her belly and shortly to enter her. Her mind was awash with conflict, of course she didn’t want to have sex with this stranger so she thought, but she found herself in this strange setting by her own doing, so what he was doing was natural to him, 'He thinks I'm his doll.' Anna thought. 
Plus by now Anna’s sexuality had been awoken again, she felt very turned on by his touch, his hands had played with her body briefly, too briefly for Anna if she wasn’t wearing the suit, but the suit did seem to magnify her feelings, she had felt every single touch more powerfully that if she were naked. Her thoughts were interrupted when she felt him enter into her sex; he’d pushed himself into her and began thrusting in and out.
‘Oh my god!’ Anna thought, the overwhelming sensation of being penetrated felt wonderful, and the sheer joy she was feeling as he used her sexually was pure bliss. She felt her orgasm building inside her and hoped that he would allow her to have her climax before he had his.
Meanwhile he had finally entered his doll; he felt the soft walls of her tunnel give way to his hard member. He wasn’t too sure but he felt something was different about this doll, but those thoughts soon gave way to his pleasure. The doll lay still beneath him as she’d always done, one day he thought I’ll get a doll that can react and maybe even move. He pumped even harder as his own climax started approaching.
Anna felt his pace quicken and knew that soon he would cum inside her, the thought gave rise to her own impending orgasm, she was in a desperate race to the finish and she hope that she got there first. But she wasn’t about to be disappointed for she reached her goal just about the same time as he did, they both climaxed together. Her body reacting as it did when she had such a powerful orgasm, her body went rigid as the orgasm crashed over her, her pussy tightened its grip on his member and it squeezed the climaxing penis inside.
He immediately felt her climax; his penis gripped tightly as she came, he was shocked but only after shooting his load inside the doll, he’d never felt something like this before. He also felt the dolls body beneath him become more rigid, something was different about this doll alright and as soon as he recovered he would find out. Quickly moving off the doll, he moved over to one side of the bed and looked back at his doll.
At first he couldn’t be sure, but he saw that she was breathing; her breasts were rising and falling. He moved the sheet off of her body to get a better look. Anna felt the sheet being moved, she was still recovering for the best orgasm of her life, she didn’t care what was going to happen now, she was spent and couldn’t move her body even if she wanted to.
Steven looked at the doll laying beside him, her body breathing, her breasts moving with each breath, how did he not know that she wasn’t a doll or was she a doll that had come to life. He was confused, his mind still foggy from his own climax, he couldn’t think straight, maybe this was just a dream. 
“Hello?” he asked the doll, thinking it strange that he was talking to one of his dolls. “Is there someone there?”
At first Anna didn’t want to move, nor think or feel, she was overwhelmed by her recent orgasm, but she heard the voice of the man next to her, a voice she seemed to recall hearing somewhere. Daring herself to be brave and open her eyes, she looked at first straight at the ceiling and then she moved her head to the side and saw the man there. She didn’t recognize him; he too was clad in latex head to toe, so she couldn’t see his face.
“Urm, Hi…” was all Anna could say.
“Oh so there is someone in there” he said, “Is this some sort of set up, are the guys in the band playing some sort of joke at my expense?”
“Err, no sorry I don’t know of anything like that.” Anna said.
“Then who are you and why are you dressed as my doll, is this some sort of scheme to blackmail me.” Steven asked.
Anna realised who the man in the suit now was, it was her rock idol. And they’d made love, well had sex and a wonderful climax.
“Well out with it, who are you?” Steven demanded.
“I’m sorry sir,” Anna said and started crying. 
“No don’t put on the tears, tell me who you are and what you think you’re doing here.”
“Sorry, sir… but I found your doll back in the hotel whilst cleaning your room.” Anna began.
“And so you thought that you’d see if you could get into my bed did you?”
“No, sorry sir, I liked the way the suit looked on the doll and the touch of it, so I tried the suit on.”
“And…” Steven said.
“Well, sir… I liked it so much that I laid on the bed and played with myself...” Anna felt her blush, she thought he whole face go red.
“So you masturbated in my dolls suit, do you think that’s okay?” Steven fumed.
“No sir, I’m sorry, I didn’t….” Anna couldn’t complete her sentence and broke down in tears.

“Stop with the crying would you.” Steven said, “So you wore my dolls suit, played with yourself and then what?”
“I don’t know, all I remember is the wonderful orgasm and the being woken up by two men in the room, I was scared, I didn’t want to lose my job. But they quickly picked me up and placed me in some sort of box, I was trapped.” Anna said.
“And then you found yourself here.” Steven said, “You thought that you’d have sex with me, what for some kicks or money?”
“No sir, I didn’t know where I was, only that the case was opened and I was carried and placed here on the bed, I didn’t know by who, I kept my eyes shut and even when I opened them I didn’t know that it was you in the suit.” Anna said, “I’m so sorry sir.”
“So you know who I am then?” Steven asked.
“Yes, I recognized your voice when you spoke; you’re my favourite rock star sir.” Anna blushed.
“So before that you didn’t know who I was?” Steven asked.
“No sir.” Anna said.
“Even though you found my doll in my hotel room, dressed as my doll and had yourself be delivered to my home.” Steven said, “I find that hard to believe.”
“No sir, that’s not true, yes I did find your doll in your room, but I had nothing to do with the men bringing me here, I don’t even know where I am.” Anna replied. “I was scared of being discovered, I don’t want any trouble sir, please let me leave and you’ll never hear from me again.”
“Leave, how can I let you leave, you know about my secret fetish for latex and dolls, you could easily blab to the tabloids and I’d be ruined.” Steven slumped visibly as she said this.
“No sir. I won’t say a word about this; this is all my fault, why did I have to try the suit on.” Anna said, “Sorry I’m so stupid sometimes. I do things without thought of the consequences.” 
“Well you know enough about me now to ruin me forever, I hope that you’re happy.” Steven said dejectedly.
“Sorry but that would be the last thing on earth I would want to do to you, I’ve idolised you and I have every song you’ve ever recorded.” Anna said, “The fact that you like dolls is neither here nor there, and from the feelings I got from wearing the suit, it seems that we both share the same interests in latex.”
“You liked wearing the suit then?” Steven asked her, slightly cheered by her comment.
“Yes sir, I loved the feelings it gave me, I loved the way my body looked, it’s like I was coated in a second skin of black shiny stuff.”  Anna said. “And when I saw your doll back in the hotel, I was at first taken aback but I didn’t think anything less of you with your liking dolls.”
“So my liking dolls for sex doesn’t put you off me then?” Steven asked. “You don’t think that I’m weird in some way?”
“I’ve seen many things in my time at the hotel, the maids get to see all sorts of things that would shock you, many things that would even get the guests into trouble, but we have to be discreet and not judge the guests.” Anna said.
“Oh so, I’m not that weird after all then!” Steven laughed. “My having dolls instead of women is not that bad then.”
“No sir,” Anna laughed, “just how many dolls do you have?”
“I have a few,” Steven replied, “they’re cheaper than wives and alimony.”
“I’ll bet, you’ve had a couple of bitches that took you to the cleaners, sorry wives that made off with your money. I read about them.” Anna said. “So I guess the dolls don’t apply for a divorce then?”
“No they don’t.” Steven laughed. “Cheaper and easier to maintain too.”
“I’d like to see all of your dolls; they sound better than the wives.” Anna said, now happier. “But first…”
“Yes okay, but first what?” Steven asked.
“Well… I’m dressed like your doll was, and I do love wearing the suit and the wonderful feelings it gives me, and…” Anna hesitated.
“Come on, say what you want.” Steven said.
“Well sir… I’d like more of what you did to me earlier…” Anna blushed, embarrassed at asking.
“You want me to put you in the box?” Steven teased.
“No silly, I want you to use me again, I liked the way it felt.” Anna said as she lay back on the bed.
“Okay dolly, if that’s what you want, and it’s what you’re made for anyway, my little sex doll.” Steven said as he climbed back on top of her and started to use her again, this time for both of their pleasure.
