---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Tell Tale Collar
authors:
- kitn
tags:
- M-f
- bondage
- slave
- cons
- X
date: 2003-01-10 00:00:00
---

8
8
**Master’s Snack**
**by kitn**
Yet
another of Kats Creations
THE
TELL TALE COLLAR
She awakens and sits upright
in the bed, listening, craning her head straining against the darkness
of their room.  Eagerly she slips onto the cool floor her feet making
little sound as she pads through the quiet hallways of the house. 
She sighs softly thinking it must have been her mind playing tricks as
she awaits her Master's arrival home.  Moving into the kitchen she
opens the refrigerator and removes the gallon of milk nearly dropping it
as His soft authoritative voice sounds behind her.  "A Midnight snack,
my kitn?" Spinning and nearly dropping the milk in her haste she smiles
and throws herself into His arms kissing him tenderly at times .. and passionately
at others. "I've missed you so Master", she smiles up at Him then giggles
as she realizes she is still holding the cold carton against His back. 
Shrugging sheepishly she places the carton on the table behind Him and
stand before Him drinking in His appearance. "How was your trip?" Curling
close against Him and listening to His heart beat a moment or two longer
before stepping away and pouring two glasses of milk and pulling His cake
out of the refrigerator.

She listens to news of His
trip as she serves Him a slice of cake and a glass of milk, her heart bursting
her body quivering with joy at being so close to Him again .... She runs
her hands over His body just to ensure he is indeed sitting beside her
and then she sighs softly and sinks to her knees between His legs, her
milk forgotten, His presence a powerful force in her life ... missed deeply
when it is away.

“Did You Get it Master?”
her voice bubbles with curiosity as she kneels there smiling.  He
looks down at her and giggles softly.  “Yes pet the table is in the
truck ... it is late and there is time enough tomorrow to move it inside.” 
Setting His glass down on the table He rises tugging her to her feet, He
pulls her close running a possessive hand along her body making her melt
against Him.  “Time for bed kitn,” His tone telling her that He missed
her just as much as she missed Him she follows along the hallway into their
bedroom.

Slowly she strips her Master
from His clothing, removing everything with a slow sensual touch, taking
Him by the hand she pulls Him into the bathroom and begins running the
shower, slipping inside the large shower she beckons to Him, her small
hands already slicking her wet glistening body with the soap.  He
follows her into the shower and he smiles as he watches her, she can feel
his loving gaze travel the length of her body and feel the heat and the
passion that went hand in hand with it.  “Come to me Master,” she
whispered softly and waited for Him in the shower.

He stepped into the lukewarm
water His body becoming as glistening as hers, she stepped closer pressing
her soapy body against His, rising to her tiptoes and slowly sinking to
her knees rubbing her soap slickened breasts up and down His body slowly,
her hands travelling along His limbs gently massaging and relaxing Him.
she enjoyed the sight of this big powerful man standing in the shower with
her... knowing that at a word from Him she would cease her ministrations
and do whatever he desired her to.  This possession of her... by Him
made her weak kneed when she thought of it ... Her hands soaped up a small
sponge and she ran that up and down His back as her body rubbed against
Him.  His hand entangling in her hair gave her only momentary pause
as she relished the feeling ... the control not yet exercised by that grasp.

Slowly he draws her up the
length of His body, tugging her head back and exposing her throat to Him. 
Leaning in close her nips her throat lightly and kisses her lips in a bruising
possessive kiss, eliciting from her a moan of desire and submission to
Him. Releasing His grip he slides His hands down her arms to her hands
and lifts them over her head, His gaze pinning her as no physical bonds
could she understood that she was to leave them wherever He placed them. 
Swallowing hard as her body begins to quiver she watches Him press up against
her, pressing her backwards towards the wall, the cool tiles pressing against
her, another moan escapes a soft plea for more.

Quickly he turns and rinses
the soap from, His body feeling her heated gaze travelling over Him and
knowing she would not move an inch from where He had left her standing. 
With His back to her he allowed Himself a smile of satisfaction, knowing
that it was not only her love for Him or His for her that made this possible...
but that it was a much deeper sharing... a trust

Turning around he pulled
her to Him kissing her and allowing His hands to roam, slapping her ass
playfully he turns off the shower and they both emerge. she reaching for
a towel and slowly drying her Master off, sinking to her knees before Him
her body still shining with the water she parts her lips and licks the
water droplets from her Master's cock, whispering something about a powerful
thirst.  With a deep chuckle he grasps her hair and pulls her head
back slightly. “Not Yet pet ...” he strokes her cheeks and smiles at the
lusty look in her eyes.  Tugging her to her feet he leads her to their
bed, laying her upon it he slowly begins to bind her spread eagle. 
Their time tonight sensual and slow a dance of pleasure and passions combined.

Once she is secured, he places
a blindfold over her eyes, eliciting a small whimper as her vision is removed
for His pleasure.  Tugging on her bonds experimentally in the dark,
she arches up and gasps as His tongue begins licking the little droplets
of water from her skin, feeling His hands roaming, His tongue licking it
did not take her long to begin begging Him for more.

He slides one finger along
the soaking wet folds of her lips and smiles, knowing it was not shower
water that caused her to be so wet, leaning close he ran His tongue along
those same folds, listening to her beg and feeling her squirm on the bed. 
He continues in this fashion sometimes not touching her at all merely whispering
in her ear the things that he would do to her on the exam table that he
just purchased for the playroom.  Her body trembling with desire he
smiled and licked and nipped and sometimes just caressed her skin until
her body was just reacting to His every touch, till her voice was hoarse
with her pleas for more.

Slowly he rose and positioned
Himself above her, sliding slowly inside teasing her with just the head
of His cock, hearing her beg, feeling her muscles grasp at Him. Easing
Himself deeper he moaned with the pleasure of how tight and how wet she
was for Him.  Gently he began to move knowing that she would not long
be able to stop her orgasm and he wanting her to build higher before releasing,
whispering to her and feeling her body quiver and move beneath Him in an
effort to draw Him closer.

Leaning close he whispered
to her as He began riding her harder enjoying His control of her, feeling
His cock pulse as it pressed home sheathing itself in her hot wet folds...
feeling her muscles grip Him in an effort to hold Him.  Together they
rode Higher and slowly the pace grew faster her moans and whimpers music
to his ears as they kept pace with one another.  Feeling Him tense
and then surge forward she begged permission to cum with Him and moaned
with gratitude when she heard the whispered word next to her ear .. cum
.. her body arched straining in her bonds as it exploded in wave after
wave of pleasure, sobbing her Master's name she tried to thank Him for
the pleasures granted her and instead dissolved into incoherent sounds
of her pleasure, her body quivering and pulsing her breath coming in gasps
as she tried to still herself, she felt Him ease down on her and hold her,
kissing her and whispering to her, loving her as she knew he would for
the rest of her life.

Drifting off some time later
held safely in her Master's arms she wondered briefly if he would like
the gift she got Him to go along with His table.  Time would tell
she thought sleepily and drifted off into a deep contented sleep.
