---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Art of Silk Surrender 5
authors:
- Dannyinsilk
tags:
- Sbm
- silk
- scarves
- cd
- FM+-m
- bond
- rope
- outdoors
- party
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Art of Silk Surrender 4**](artofsilksurrender4.html))

**The Art of Silk Surrender- Part 5**

I had spent over five solid hours bound naked and blindfolded.  I had been poked, prodded, caressed, pumped and kneaded by what may have been a 48-handed alien scientist for all I knew.  And I couldn’t get the experience out of my mind for a second.

I drifted through the ensuing seventy-two hours in a hazy, muddled cloud of pure sense memory, not judging, not reacting, merely rocking up and down, side to side, as the pulsing waves of erotic tension and release broke over me in an endless, inescapable rhythm.  My body was free; I was gliding smoothly through the regularly scheduled moments of my existence, but none of it meant a thing to me, as if the people, places, activities and needs of my former life were mere gusts of a light breeze on a pleasant autumn afternoon.

Friday came at last, and, finally, I began to have a conscious sense of there being things to put my attention to beyond savoring the memory of Joanna and her sensuous power over me.  My parents were going away on a ten-day vacation, and I had agreed to move back into my old room to look after the house while they were gone.  I had been looking forward to the break from my tiny apartment, roaming freely nude, sunning in the yard, dipping in the pool as I had done growing up.  But my reveries were so powerful, I barely remembered about it at all, and, by the time I arrived home, my folks had already left for the airport.

Of course the very first thing I did after a quick inspection was to shuck off my clothes and stroll out to the secluded back yard to let the September sun warm and comfort my fully exposed skin.  I slid into a very comfortable lounge chair that was part of a new set that had been purchased over the summer, and laid back to just let myself breathe in the pure moment in total comfort.

Needless to say, I drifted off into a sort of napping daydream, and immediately felt myself being bound in the softest, most unyielding satin straps, the perfume of Joanna wafting about me and dissolving my will yet again.  A sharp sound from the next yard snapped me awake suddenly, and it took me a good, long moment to re-establish who and where I was.  Laying my head back down again, I found that, no matter how I tried, I simply didn’t feel secure just lying there naked.

I was overcome with the urge to do something I had never done before in my life:  root through my mother’s things, hoping I suppose to find some way of connecting with my need to feel the strength of a woman’s power over me.

I padded my way into the house and headed straight for my parents’ bedroom.  Moving to my mother’s dresser, I began fingering objects laid out on the top before finally tugging open the first drawer and sifting through her clothes.  By the third drawer, I had found what I had apparently been seeking:  laid out before my hungry eyes I gazed down at a neatly folded array of very fine silk scarves.  My breath caught in my throat, and I hesitated only a second before eagerly scooping up the entire bounty of luscious satin, twill and chiffon, and moving to spread it all out across the satin cover of their soft, king-size bed.

Selecting a patterned green satin scarf, I shook it loose and couldn’t resist caressing its smooth, cool softness across my naked chest.  Rolling it quickly, I draped it around my neck and loosely knotted it, letting the free ends fall down my front, as I looked further about the room.  As if under some hypnotic spell, I found myself moving toward my mother’s closet, tugging the door open, and walking inside.

Ignoring her regular attire, my outstretched fingers guided me straight to her silky lingerie and sleepwear.  I had never had the urge before in my life to wear women’s clothing, but my will was gone, and my hands selected a buttery satin, long black night dress with the tiniest of spaghetti straps and a delicate lace trim across the low neckline.  I bent down and stepped into it nervously, then carefully, timidly, guided it up my thighs, over my filling cock, and up my chest.  Poking my arms through, I cautiously positioned the straps across my shoulders, and let my hungry fingers smooth the fabric out across my otherwise naked body.  I was shocked, stunned in equal measure by the fact that my mother’s gown fit me so comfortably and that I felt so comfortable, almost blissfully peaceful, with the delicate garment as my only covering.

I found myself remembering Joanna’s words to me when my rebellious fingers had “accidentally” grabbed the green gown from her wardrobe after class that night; about how it seemed I loved it so much, she would make me wear it to go home.  How did she know?  I wondered.  The delicate silk made me feel so good, I knew I really didn’t want to wear anything else.

Slowly stepping back into the bedroom, I moved to the full-length mirror to model the gown for myself.  As I struck different poses, my hands never ceasing their constant smoothing and caressing across the luxurious fabric over my tight body, I took stock of what I was and wasn’t feeling about it all.  I knew I loved the satin on my naked skin, but I also knew it had nothing to do with the fact that the gown was designed for a woman.  I felt no urge to look more or act more like a woman; I had no desire to add stockings or garters or try on my mother’s bras.  I simply loved the drape of the gown, the flow of the fabric, the cool, airy seduction of the silk on my nude flesh.

My attention returned to the ocean of scarves spread across the big expanse of satin covering the huge bed.  Suddenly, I knew what I wanted to do next.  I moved quickly to the bed, and slid across it until I was in the very middle.  Lying down, stretching out my arms and legs, I saw what needed to be done.  Sorting quickly, eagerly, through the scarves, I began rolling and folding them hungrily.  Before I even realized what I was doing, there was a beautiful silk folded bond looped around all four posts of the bed, and I was positioning myself at the center of it all.

Stretching out my legs, I tied off a scarf to each ankle until my feet were firmly secured to the footboard.  Turning my attention to the headboard, I fashioned loops out of the free ends of the two remaining scarves, and checked that the lengths were all right.

Reaching over to select another scarf, I quickly blindfolded myself securely, and lay back down to test that it wouldn’t come off accidentally.  It felt very, very secure.  Satisfied at last, I reached around in the comforting darkness to locate the loops for my hands, and with a pair of quick, hard tugs, I was caught.

Settling in blissfully, I allowed myself to savor taking stock of my situation.  I was naked, or rather had been naked, now adorned by a heavenly satin sleep gown.  I was thoroughly bound, stretched spread eagled across my parents’ bed, and securely blindfolded.  And I had managed to accomplish the entire process upon myself, of my own free will.  If I have any free will left to me, I mused, smiling to myself at the irony of the thought.

As I relaxed into the bondage, I began to wonder what would happen next.  I had made no allowances for getting free.  Could I get free?  Did I even want to?  And what if I suddenly needed to use the bathroom?  What if I got hungry or thirsty?  I let these thoughts bounce around in my brain for a brief uneasy time before just letting them all drift away into the blissful dark prison that was my new joy.  I sank deeper into the mattress and pillows, and fell into a deep, utterly restful sleep.

Stirring at last out of the deep, dreamless slumber that had suddenly possessed me, I remembered my circumstances, and tested my limbs to see that I was still very securely bound to the bedposts.  There was the slightest hint of a cramp forming across my tautly stretched shoulders, and I did my best to shift around in what little free range of movement available to me to try and relieve the pressure a bit.

Not feeling the slightest panic in my bondage, I began turning my thoughts to how I might manage to get loose when I needed to be free.  I realized that there was no practical thought of rescue; it would be impossible to attract the attention of another living soul before . . . . well, just before.  It was up to me.  Without tugging too hard on my wrists to risk tightening the loops even further, I wiggled my hands around to see if there was any way to allow my fingers access to any part of the rolled scarves holding me fast.  After some experimentation, I found I could slide a bit to one side to give my other hand enough slack to get my fingertips onto the top of the knot of the loop.  There was not enough space to try and untie it, but there just might be enough grip on the slippery silk to loosen the loop even just a little bit.  I tried first one side, then slid over and worked at the other hand, and after so much wiggling and tugging that my fingers were beginning to tremble under the workout, I managed to expand one loop enough that my right wrist suddenly popped out, and I was free.

After taking a moment to rest, I reached over and freed my other hand, then slipped down the blindfold.  As my eyes adjusted to the now-natural darkness in the room, I saw the soft glow of the bedside clock telling me the time was 9:45 p.m.  I had been asleep, bound to the bed for over three hours.

As I finally dragged myself up to release my ankles from their bonds, I wondered if this was how I intended to spend the entire weekend.  Finally letting some commonsense penetrate my erotic daze, I decided I really had been lucky, and that I should not delve much further into self-bondage without knowing a lot more about what I was doing.

I needed a way to pass the weekend that distracted me from all these new feelings, urges and sensations that had taken over my very core.  I decided I should throw a party of some sort.  Having old friends around would do the trick, I was sure.  I got up, realized I was still comfortably clad in my mother’s black satin nightgown, and smiled to myself as I elected to remain so.  Dressed as I was, I moved into the kitchen, grabbed the phone, and began dialing.  After about 30 minutes of organization, I was now expecting eight or ten of my friends from college for a pool party and pot luck dinner starting about 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon.  I had made sure that everyone I was inviting was totally single, so we could all have a fun mixer together and see where things went from there.

I padded about the kitchen in the soft light of the bulb over the stove, and prepared a light meal for myself as I resolved to find some way of adding a selection of gowns such as I was wearing to my own personal wardrobe.  I took my food out and ate it poolside in the rising moonlight, and relished the cool, tingling evening breeze against the smooth, airy fabric and my nude skin.  I remained out for a time, then put everything away and went to bed.  Needless to say, I was drawn back to the big silky expanse of my parents’ bed rather than my own small twin bed.  I dove in under the covers, and lightly lashed my ankles together.  Drawing the blindfold across my eyes once more, I found a scarf to loosely wrap my wrists together with, and sank into another deep, happy sleep.

After a night of sweet, relaxing thoughts of being bound by teams of shadowy, masked figures, I arose refreshed and revitalized, eager to welcome my old friends for the day.  I released myself from my simple bondage, and slipped reluctantly out of the satin nightgown to head for a morning shower.  After a full treatment in the bathroom, I took my towel to the kitchen, grabbed some breakfast, and set up poolside again to eat and relax in the morning sun.  I spent the remainder of the morning in and out of the pool, of course, totally naked, and utterly happy.

I was cleaning up in the kitchen when I heard car doors slam in the driveway.  I dashed to the front window and saw three of my guests eagerly joking around as they approached the front door.  Realizing it would be just a bit too much to greet them in the nude, I sped into my parents’ room, went to the closet and grabbed my mother’s silk robe as the doorbell rang.  Dragging the satin around my naked body as I moved to the door, I tied the belt off just in the same motion as I opened the door.  I smiled warmly to greet Kenny, Maggie and Sue, and ushered them inside as we all exchanged a round of warm, friendly embraces.  Sue in particular enjoyed wrapping her arms around my silk-clad body, and she couldn’t resist commenting on the obvious fact that I was naked underneath the flimsy garment.  I smiled coyly and remarked that I had been swimming all morning, and invited the three of them to head out back to join in the fun.

As we made our way outside, I slipped off the robe, dropped in on one of the lawn chairs, and dove naked into the cool waters of the pool.  Rising again, I smiled at the three of them, and waved for them to join me.

“Come on in, the water’s fine.”  As they exchanged slightly bashful looks over the fact of my nudity in the bright afternoon sunlight, I continued.  “Oh, come on.  You know nudity isn’t a problem at our place.  Did I have to say it was clothing optional?  Strip off and let’s get this party started.”  Thanks to my family’s lifestyle and my years of nude art modeling, I was sure there wasn’t a single guest who hadn’t seen me openly and almost publicly naked on countless occasions, so I was actually more nervous about exposing my joy in the silk robe than I was about being so freely nude.  “It’s okay.  The neighbors can’t see, and they know we go naked anyway.  They’re used to us.  Just get into it.”

Maggie was the first to start disrobing, and that seemed to break the ice.  Within a handful of seconds, there were four naked bodies, all beginning to really get into the pool frolic.  After a few moments of innocent, joyous nude play, Sue bobbed up and pointed out that there would be other guests arriving and wondered who was going to receive them now that we were all naked and soaking wet.  As if on cue, the faint strains of the doorbell wafted out into the yard, and I rose from the water to go answer the door.  As I reached for the robe, Sue frowned and told me not to get it all wet with the chlorinated water, and dared me to go get them as I was.  Actually relieved, I smiled back at her and entered the house still nude.

After overcoming some smirks and a couple of shocked smiles, I spent the next twenty minutes greeting and herding seven more guests out to the backyard, and our gathering was complete.  Another minute of raucous greetings and a few ribald comments, and all eleven of us were naked, in the pool and rolling with the good times.  I remained poolside and, as the others were getting acquainted and overcoming their nerves with energetic frolicking, I gathered up everyone’s clothes and secured them in the shed we used for the pool equipment and for changing when people were more comfortable wearing swimsuits.  With a devilish smirk of my own, I popped the lock closed before latching the door.  We all were now naked, and would be so until I retrieved the key from inside the house.  My work done, I dove into the water and joined the innocent fun.

We spent the entire afternoon engaging in various pool contests and, remarkably for a collection of healthy, young single people, very little in the way of erotic interplay.  We were a group of college friends who had genuinely been missing each others’ company, and appreciated the chance to freely enjoy reconnecting without any pretenses or expectations.  Just as I had hoped for, we were having a great time, and I hadn’t thought of Joanna or bondage or erotic slavery for several hours.  People were in and out of the water, working the food supplies from the kitchen, and we ate, talked and played the day away in truly great spirits all around.

As the sun eventually began to tickle the tops of the trees and houses on the western skyline, it was Sue who finally changed all that for me.  She had been sitting for some time at the patio table, eating and joking with whoever stopped for a snack, and she was all dried off, even her blonde, silky shoulder-length hair.  I emerged from the water myself, and approached to grab a sandwich, and she held up my mother’s satin robe, clearly enjoying letting it slither across her naked breasts and thighs.

“This seems to be the only bit of clothing in the vicinity.  Want to wrestle me for it?”

I smiled, and, despite myself, my cock responded by bobbing up at her enthusiastically.

“Oh, you’d like that, wouldn’t you?  What turns you on, the silk, or maybe having me pin you on the lawn and . . . oh, I don’t know, tie your hands behind you with the belt?”

The smile vanished from my face, and my penis rose even more fully.  A knowing look spread across her face, and she knew she had me.

“Hey, everybody.  Don’t you all want to know about Danny’s new job?  Go ahead, Danny.  Tell us about your new modeling gig, and . . . how much you’re enjoying yourself.”

Within seconds, the entire aura of the party changed.  All eyes were on me, as they saw my face turning beet red and my cock, fully engorged, straining in the general direction of Sue and the silk robe.  She coyly slid the belt out from its loops, and dangled it devilishly in front of her own rising nipples.

Maggie, standing in the shallow end of the pool with her magnificent breasts heaving to her deepening breathing, picked up on this right away.  “Hey, yeah, Danny.  We heard about that.  Is it true?  You into some sort of nude bondage modeling or something?”

I swallowed hard, and tried to find the energy to pretend it was all no big deal.  At last finding my voice as ten pairs of eyes in ten young, naked bodies stared dramatically at me, I spoke.  “Oh yeah.  It’s still just an art class.  Every teacher has their own approach and instructional methods.”

Kenny chimed in.  “But you get tied up?  Naked?  In the classroom?”

“Yeah.  The students are kind of repressed.  The teacher has me blindfolded and tied up so they can get in touch with their sensual feelings without fear of me judging them.”

“Whoa, that’s a trip.  You don’t mind it?”

Sue couldn’t resist.  “Mind it?  I think he’s having the time of his life.  In fact, a friend of mine says he’s rock hard for the whole class, and can’t wait to get all tied up and helpless for his new Mistress.”

I blanched.  “You know someone in the class?”

She grinned.  “Oh, that’s right.  Seems he has no idea who’s in the class.  He gets all rigged up and blindfolded before they even get there.  For all he knows, it’s a bunch of seniors from the old folks home.  Or maybe even some of us . . .”

Dave got out of the water, crossed to Sue, dried off his hands and took the belt from her.  “Well, I’ll admit I’m not in the class.  I think he should give us a demonstration, so we get a better idea what you’re talking about.”

I took a step back from him as he moved toward me, and the others instinctively formed a circle around me so I had nowhere to run.  I swallowed hard as Dave moved closer and waved his finger, indicating for me to turn around and present my wrists.  Trembling slightly, I saw no choice but to comply, and in a flash, my hands were firmly lashed and cinched together behind my back, resting nervously on my naked buttocks.

“Look how excited it makes him.  This is amazing!”  Sue proclaimed proudly.  It was true.  My penis was rock hard, and everyone was staring at it.

Linda stepped forward, ran her fingers across my naked chest, and I shivered in spite of myself.  She looked me right in the eyes, and we locked gazes as she reached down and took hold of my cock firmly.  “I think it’s time I brought out my little present so we can really get the party started.”  All eyes shifted from me to her full, round ass as she disappeared momentarily into the house.  Gone for not more than a few seconds, it felt to me like an hour as I stood there helplessly shivering with nerves.  She reappeared with a small knapsack, and, as she moved closer, she pulled from it several bundles of soft, white cotton rope.  She came back to me and caressed my chest with one end of a bundle of the binding material.  I pulled back as if it was a branding iron.

“Oh, no.  Don’t be worried.  You know you want me to tie you up.  This is your coming out party.  You’re going to show us all just how much of a sexual submissive you really are.  And . . .,” she continued, scanning the faces of the rest of the group.  “I wouldn’t be surprised if many of the rest of us don’t end up discovering the same thing about themselves before all is said and done.”

She took a length of rope and immediately tied my ankles together, so I was truly her prisoner.  With another length above my knees done, she moved up to lash my elbows together, then to loop my arms firmly to my torso at shoulders, elbows and wrists.  Dave and Kenny then picked me up and laid me down naked and totally trussed up onto one of the lounge chairs.

“What about a blindfold?  He needs to have a blindfold,” Maggie chirped.

Sue continued.  “Well, he certainly deserves one, after locking all our clothes in the shed there.  I would’ve used my headscarf, but now what can I use?  Hmm, Danny?  What can I use?  Or do you want me to just go through the house until I find something?”

I stammered out, “No, no.  Just go into my parents’ room.  The first one on the left as you go back inside.  There’s some scarves on the bed.  You can use one of those.”

The rest of the group finished toweling off as Sue went inside.  She came out a moment later, her hands full of my mother’s scarves, and with a huge grin on her face.  “Found them.  All laid out as if you knew I’d need them.  And, you know what else I found?  Some of them were tied to the bedposts.  Just waiting for some poor helpless victim to be bound down across that big, silky bed, hmmmm?”

“No,” I said quickly, for some reason.

“No?  Well, then, the only other explanation is that you’ve been using them yourself already.  You like tying yourself up, too, don’t you, Danny?”

My whole body turned red.  “I tried it last night.  I nearly couldn’t get loose.”  I offered this up as if it somehow explained everything, or even anything.

She smiled knowingly as she approached me with a rolled up scarf.  In an instant, my vision was gone, and my head was swathed in silk forming a very secure blindfold.  I heard her continue.  “There now.  He’s happy.  And I think it’s fitting that he doesn’t get to see what happens next.”  I felt her pat my naked ass as if she had tied a ribbon around my throbbing cock, then she stood up and took charge of the entire proceedings.

“Now, since we’re all here and we’re all naked and we’ve got all this lovely rope and all these lovely scarves . . . who’s next?”  I felt the oddly familiar sensation of hands coming at me out of the darkness, and more rope was used to lash me inescapably to the frame of the lounger.

As it was explained to me later, the party went on for hours, but all I got to do was listen to a whole lot of giggling, squealing, splashing and muffled grunting.  I was told just about everyone took a turn being tied up and blindfolded, in all sorts of positions, including being staked out across the grass with some pegs from my old croquet set, and bound to the big maple tree in the rear corner.  From all the sounds I heard, there definitely seemed to be a healthy amount of sexual contact as well, but I was included in none of it, nor would anyone actually admit it to me for sure.

Eventually, I fell asleep, trussed up as I was, and slept deeply and soundly until I heard Sue whispering in my ear for me to come back to her.  As I grunted in response, she told me that everyone else had gone home, quite enthusiastic about the whole affair, and expressing great passion for the idea of doing it all again the following weekend.  She apologized for having rummaged through the kitchen to find a way to retrieve all their clothes, but she was happy they didn’t have to end up damaging the door of the shed.

I told her she could have just untied me or at least asked me for the key, but she said I looked so sweet and happy all bound up so helplessly, that no one wanted to disturb me.

“You really love being tied up, don’t you?” she asked, with a compassion in her tone I had not heard all day.

“It seems I do.  Is that strange?  Didn’t the others enjoy it, too?”

“Oh, yeah.  You’ve definitely got some company on this one, my friend.  But you seem to really take it to the limit.”  I felt her hands on my thighs, and she slowly slid her fingers up to caress my penis, which hardened instantly in response.  “You see?”

“Yeah.  You have a nice touch.”

With that, I felt her loosening the ropes that held me to the lounger, then the loops around my legs fell away, and she helped me, still blindfolded and arms bound, to stand up.

“I’m going to take you to the bed, and I’m going to strap you down and make love with you for as long as I want, any way that I want.  You can agree to that, and to be my sex slave until I release you tomorrow night . . . well, tonight, actually . . . or, I will walk away right now, and let you figure out how to finish untying yourself on your own.  And you can go back to being a frustrated fetish model who gets nothing but teased and trussed up for the sake of other people’s pleasure instead of your own.  Which do you want?”

I felt her warm, naked body press fully up against my own, and I wanted to take her in my arms and draw myself into her right then and there.  But, the ropes held me fast, and I could do nothing but allow her to nuzzle and caress me out of the silky darkness.

Which option do you think I chose?

More in part five if people like it

story continues in [**The Art of Silk Surrender 5**](artofsilksurrender6.html)

o0o
