---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/the_auction.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Auction
authors:
- Rbbral
tags:
- M/mfff
- latex
- bond
- pony
- slave
- kidnap
- nc/reluct
- X
date: 2005-08-31 00:00:00
---

The Auction by Rbbral

“Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming, please be seated, and welcome
to our bi-annual auction. I’m pleased to see some familiar faces and a
couple of new ones. I’m sure, as always you will not be disappointed. Today
we have three young fillies on the block and, as a special treat, a young
stallion.”

There was a murmuring in the audience; this was exciting, this had never
happened before. Some bidders smiled approvingly.

“Now before we start. I should make it clear that all four have been
broken and are well trained with the bit and whip. It has taken us about
four to six months to achieve this, at not inconsiderable expense to us,
and discomfort to them of course.” There was a mild amused murmuring from
the audience.

“They can be purchased en bloc, or the three fillies together and the
stallion singly. They have been trained together as well as singly. The
decision is yours. Let’s bring them out.” The MC, an attractive, preppy-looking,
clean-cut young man of about 25 in a tuxedo, went to the side of the stage
and pulling a leash, led in the four lots. The three fillies were in front
and the stallion followed. They did not drag their feet but kept two paces
behind each other. There was no struggling, but among them there was an
air of resigned acceptance, and nervousness. He drew them up in a line,
released the leash on the first filly, and they turned obediently to face
the audience in the glare of the lights. They stood to attention and listened
to the murmurs of approval.

“I shall be brief, you may inspect the lots before the bidding.” He
placed his hands on the buttocks of the filly nearest him, and she shivered
slightly.

“As you see they all have the basic filly outfit,” he passed his hand
down her thigh, “skin tight latex full-body suit, for Blondie a yellow
suit, back zip to the neck and covered by the reinforced posture collar,
which gives them a nice proud look. There is only one key to the locks,
which goes to the winning bidder of course.” He patted her calf and she
raised her foot to the rear.

 “The hoofs are standard four inch heels inside the hoof shaped
boot, and laced to the knee here. They are all used to them now and can
do a good trot in them, even the stallion. Now we have the standard Spanish
leather harness, here between her legs, criss-cross over the breasts and
her shoulders. The D rings at the waist can fix the mittened hands at the
sides, front or back; your choice. The buggy can be attached at her sides,
or her arms or elbows; lots of options there. We have small holes here
for the nipples to peep through, and here you will see the standard piercings,
rings and the bells we have added.” He flicked the bell on the filly’s
breast and there was no reaction from her, just a faint shiver. He moved
to the front and placed a hand at her pussy. Her breathing increased slightly.

“Here of course in the suit we have the reinforced pussy opening, the
studs allow for your selection of inserts. All four have gone through extensive
electrolysis and all are permanently bald there now. The labia here is
ringed, twice each side so you can lace them up or ring them together if
you wish.” Here he parted her lips and she spread her legs obediently,
now breathing heavily.

“The clitoris is of course ringed and we have added another bell there.”
On his command she turned her back to the audience, and he spread her tail,
the colour of which matched her head hair.

“We have a matching tail attached to a large butt plug. You can obviously
use bigger or smaller plugs, it’s your choice. Now the heads, for the auction
we have dispensed with the latex masks so you can see what beauties they
are. But of course with the lot comes full equipment and face-fitting masks.
Again we have a fine Spanish leather harness, over the head, under the
chin attached to the posture collar here and either side of the nose. She
can barely move her head at all. The blinkers here can be closed over the
nose; they are well padded. This steel ring here holds the hair in a ponytail.
I know some of you like them bald – better for masks certainly, and of
course you can depilate them later if you wish, but we left the hair on
for now to show you what lovelies they are.”

“We have here Blondie, Blackie and Scarlet, but you can rename them
if you want. We have advanced our technology with the bits, here, I will
show you.” He approached the filly and carefully placed his fingers either
side of the rubber-coated bit and putting two fingers in her mouth, extracted
the bit. He held it up and explained it slowly, while the filly, capable
of shouting or screaming did not do so, but stood silently, cowed into
silence.

“We have here the standard rubber-covered bit, you can order larger
ones if you wish. In the middle is a hole, see, now this slots into the
large ball stud she has in her pierced tongue. Blondie, tongue out! You
will see here the large stud in the middle of her tongue. You will also
see some little attachments we have put on her upper and lower back teeth.
The slots here on the bit fit into these attachments and make a really
snug fit. She’s still able to eat of course and close her mouth and talk,
I suppose, but that is…er…discouraged here.” There was general laughter
in the room. No, it was evident the fillies did no talking. He approached
Blondie.

“And we slide it in like this, and voila, locked on.” The girl’s face
showed no emotion, her shiny white teeth gripped the rubber-covered bit.
Her eyes, like the others, searched the room, no doubt she was wondering
who her master or mistress would be. He lifted her head.

“One final touch, we have pierced and grommeted her nose so she can
be ringed and led by it.” There was real laughter here, but the fillies
stood in silence, perhaps seeing now for the first time the level of organisation
that had taken them to their destiny; for there was clearly no way out
of this.

“I think I should give you a brief history of each of the lots. I know
you are unconcerned with their previous lives, but it is particularly cruel
to my equine friends here, to hear about their former lives and knowing
they will never return to them. Blondie, step forward!” She did, in her
shiny hoofs and costume, staring ahead into the audience.

“Several months ago, Blondie was a successful real estate agent, only
24 and very popular, and as you can see a real beauty. She was single of
course, as you know all our acquisitions are single. I’m not that cruel
to leave a family without a mother. She did have a boyfriend, but I am
sorry to report, Blondie, he has found someone else, you are pretty well
forgotten now.” Blondie closed her eyes in silence, a tear falling down
her cheek.

“So Blondie went to a viewing with a bogus client and never returned.
It was a big deal in the press for a month or so but then they moved on
to something else, Blondie is yesterday’s news, or really no news at all
now. Her training went very well; of the three she seemed to accept her
fate the quickest. She’s fit, as you can see and takes commands well. She
will be a splendid addition to your stables. Blondie, step back.”

She did so on his command.

“Blackie, step forward. Blackie is all of 30; she must hate being handled
by me, a mere lad of 24. An experienced lawyer, who went out jogging one
evening and never returned. When will these women learn that the streets
at night are a dangerous place? All she had to do was run with a friend,
but she made that fateful mistake and will regret it for the rest of her
life. Dear Blackie, you should have known better, smart girl like you.”
Her eyes just looked downwards, spittle covering her bit and dripping on
to her rubber-covered breasts; regret evident in her face.

“Blackie, back, Scarlet, forward.” Blackie went immediately back but
there was hesitation from Scarlet. In her red rubber suit, her eyes glanced
towards him and she waited a second, then she stepped forward, as if she
had made a point. It had been noted by the MC and by the audience. He approached
her, a smile on his face. Then he placed a hand on her rubber-covered breast
and flicked her nipple bell, then touched her cheek; she shuddered.

“It must be true what they say about redheads. This young lady has been
quite a project. We have had her the longest, and to be truthful, she really
is not broken yet.” There was talking in the audience.

“Yes, it is true. So why bring her up for sale? We could keep her another
few months and break her spirit. But we think you would enjoy this challenge
as we do; to break a bright, spirited young woman into an obedient equine.
We are part way there, but we thought you might like to finish the job
yourselves. If you don’t want to, that is fine, simply don’t bid on her.
If you are dissatisfied or she is too much of a handful, then we will take
her back and return your money.”

There was talking again; this was a challenge to them all, and the MC
knew well that they could not resist it. The girl’s chest rose proudly
at this, she tried to wriggle her arms, but in the back prayer position
and with her hands clipped to her posture collar there was no play at all.
He parted her pussy lips, she reluctantly spread her legs, and he flicked
her clit bell, the audience could see she wanted to fight him but she held
her ground.

“She was self-employed in advertising, bright, made some money; she’s
only 26 so there are many years of training ahead for you, and her. She’s
a handful, we have of course put her to the whip, really reddened her flanks,
but she still fights it. I think maybe she likes the whip,” here she glared
at him, “well, it’s for you to find out. Being a feminist type, she was
out walking at night, very silly really, and it took a real fight to get
her in the van and rubberised. The piercings took some spirit out of her,
we did not use an anaesthetic (and that must have hurt), and we have a
larger butt plug in her. She is dildo trained but not fully broken. We
have tried her with the suffocation gas mask on the treadmill, really limiting
her oxygen and this has worked quite well; we would suggest you continue
with this during training, just keep the gas mask on and turn down the
inlet. It’s a beautiful sight, her breasts heaving for oxygen. Relative
to the others, who will occasionally ask the odd question or plead for
their future, this one likes to talk, so she has got used to a variety
of gags over the six months we have had her.”

So the three fillies stood to attention in line, their arms twisted
behind their backs, bells on nipples and clits, saliva dripping down their
chins from their tight bits, their mouths in a wide grimace. Blondie was
in her yellow suit, Blackie in her black one and Scarlet in bright red.
They were an impressive sight, and would surely get a good price. But now
it was the stallion’s turn!

He’d been standing to attention all the time as the fillies were introduced.
Like the fillies he was encased in tight latex, in black and white splotches
– a piebald beauty! He too had knee high boots and with internal high heels;
and his arms were stretched back to his posture collar. He also had the
body and head harness. But there the similarities ended! The MC particularly
enjoyed his description of the stallion’s downfall and attire.

“Step forward, Prancer.” As with Scarlet, there was a moment’s hesitation,
but the young man stepped forward in his shiny high hoofs. The MC approached,
he was about the same age as the young equine. His eyes glared at the MC
but he was in such strict restraint that there was nothing he could do.
The MC stood by the silent man/horse. He placed his hand on the stallion’s
head, emphasising his complete subjugation. The stallion breathed hard,
saliva dripping out of the sides of his bitted mouth.

“A little history for you all. We sort of lucked out with Prancer here,
he almost volunteered; he was such a good candidate. We were searching
the clubs for young prospects, unattached attractive young males. This
young fellow was very full of himself, chatting up all the girls, a real
machismo. We watched him cast aside a couple without a care – not that
we are particularly sympathetic for the female species as can be evidenced
here!” They all laughed at the predicament of three fillies.

“But we liked his arrogant streak and his ultra-confidence in his manhood.
So we had to have him, and so we took him. Our friend,” he patted the stallion’s
head, “has not been seen since. He was a broker in the city and we have
spread rumours about cocaine and the wrong crowd and that seemed to take
him off the front pages after a while. I think he thought it was some kind
of prank at first so we decided to bring him down to earth really fast.
Michelle is our piercer, a real expert, and she pierced two big rings through
his nipples; that got his attention, didn’t it Prancer? We punched big
holes in his ear lobes and like the fillies a big grommet in his septum.
Then just for good measure, two big ball studs in his tongue, so his bit
is different from the fillies. It was more pain for Prancer here,” he patted
his head, almost sympathetically, “but more control for his master or mistress.
We couldn’t pierce his labia or clit, so we came up with something really
quite nasty.” Here, he bent down and pointed to the poor man’s dick, which
protruded through his suit.

“This man, Prancer, has a good sized cock, but he will have problems
putting it to use now. Through the head, we have horizontally planted this
silver ring. It is slightly above the urethra so he can urinate all right.
The ring can fold upwards so it can be attached to say his nose ring, or
under, to be attached to a chain between his legs, pulling his cock back.
Very painful and very effective I am sure.” There was a murmur of approval
from the audience.

“He can of course have erections, but should he ever have sex – you
might want him to cover some of your fillies, just for fun – the ring will
rub the top or bottom of his cock uncomfortably, but then again the fillies
may enjoy the attention.” The MC slapped the stallion’s buttocks hard,
but Prancer stood still.

“He’s in great shape; he’s had lots of work on the treadmill and outside.
Obviously he is a proud young man, or was, and it took a lot of training
to break him in; lots of the whip, and he still doesn’t care for the bit,
but, well, that’s just too bad really! We have spent weeks depilating his
body and head. All the treatments known to man, and we are now happy that
he is well and truly permanently hairless all over.

The last treatment was over a month ago and there are no signs of re-growth,
so he is as bald and smooth as a baby. He’s young, strong and has some
vim in him, and like Scarlet will be hugely entertaining for you to break
in further. He’s very good on his heels and he accepts the butt plugs much
better that he originally did, for as a ladies man of course it was a great
humiliation for him. Oh yes, I forgot, there is a further ring around the
scrotal sac and a small ring attachment. So the balls can now be drawn
back between the legs and the cock attached to the nose ring - a wonderfully
painful refinement we liked.” He stood back and Prancer returned to the
line with the fillies.

“So there you have it, ladies and gentlemen, I’ll order them to spread
out, get these connecting leashes off so that you can inspect them at your
leisure. There we are, please come up on stage, you can see the lights
are warm and they are beginning to work up a good sweat. I will be happy
to answer any of your questions.”

He stood back and arranged the four ponies in a wide square, each facing
in and looking at each other, somewhat forlornly. The buyers ascended the
stage. There were maybe 20 of them, of all races and nationalities, and
ages; there were several very young bidders, both male and female. It was
really only then that the ponies realised the huge network that they had
been sucked into. There was no way that they would escape this rich and
very private organisation.

They went round the lots talking amongst themselves as if they were
buying horses that had no will of their own – which was exactly the reality.
They squeezed and prodded arses and breasts and tweaked nipples, opened
mouths and played with bits, pulled and pushed butt plugs, they twinkled
bells and laughed, bathing in the power they had over fellow human beings
– although now, human beings no more! The women seemed crueller, poor Prancer
had his cock and balls given a thorough inspection.

It was a terrible ignominy for the ponies, but a realisation that, even
if they needed a reminder, they were now just chattels, playthings. But
this was to be their life now, and after so many months training at least
Blondie and Blackie seemed to accept this. Prancer and Scarlet even seemed
a little more resigned. How could they fight this organisation? Escape
was entirely impossible. Now all they could do was look at their new master
or mistress and just hope or pray that they would be bought by a sympathetic
one. This seemed unlikely, but there are always degrees of cruelty.

Under the hot lamps, sweat now poured off their brows and saliva dripped
down their chests. Inside their suits they were hot and wet. The real estate
broker, the businesswoman, the lawyer and the city broker were now no more,
but reduced to auction items, mere chattels to be bought by the highest
bidder and then spirited away, probably overseas to join a stable of other
older, more experienced ponies. Yes, money could buy anything, even anonymity.
The bidders all seemed to know each other, so clearly this network met
at times and presumably had races with their ponies. After being transported
mysteriously, they may meet again and have to race each other at some clandestine
location.

Poor Prancer was getting his cock ring pulled by a beautiful 25 year
old blonde, an heiress no doubt, some kind of Eurotrash. There were days
when he could have chatted her up, but those days were long gone. Oh yes,
he thought as he winced and gurgled into his bit. She whispered into his
ear.

“Mmmm you are a tasty one. I’d like to put you through your paces on
my estate in Long Island. I bet you would love to fuck me, wouldn’t you
Prancer, well, dear pony, I have other uses for you.” She slapped his rubber-covered
bottom and moved to Scarlet, while other purchasers assailed Prancer.

Thighs were spread, calves were gripped, breasts were fondled and nipples
tweaked. All in attendance seemed to approve of the new bits, paying no
attention to the ponies that had to wear them. The ponies said nothing
and stood still under this embarrassing and invasive inspection. They were
getting to know their position and they took respite where they could,
licking their lips and swallowing, moving from one hoof to the other. The
bidders ignored their discomfort and simply appreciated the intricate bondage
that they were subjected to – the ponies were ponies after all, not humans
with feelings!

After half an hour the bidders returned to their seats, satisfied at
having a good feel of all the merchandise. The ponies were brought to the
front, bathed in sweat and hot under the lights – now resigned and perhaps
almost wanting it to be over with. They were dribbling copiously from their
chins and the latex suits shone brightly under the hot lights. Their calves
were now sore and their arms tired in the severe back prayer position

Who would buy them? There was no order in the bidding; you made a bid
for each one, or as a job lot. This made it very complicated at the start
but soon it became apparent that each would be purchased separately and
they would probably not be seeing each other for much longer. They would
go their own way; maybe to see each other again in the future or maybe
never again. Maybe they would meet new fellow ponies at their ranches and
stables, and somehow try to make friends; that would make their future
lives a little more tolerable.

 One thing was certain, their lives was mapped out for them by
others; they were not human beings; they were ponies to be ringed and rubberised,
plugged and punished, dressed, bitted and hoofed and then ridden and raced.
The sooner they understood that, the sooner they would accept their destiny.
