---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- F+/f
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- collar
- mast
- frame
- latex
- costume
- chain
- cons
- X
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

### 8: Okusan

#### Intro

Kate and Ariana are living together and have been in a relationship for almost 2 years. Ariana Inoue is a 25 years old Japanese woman. Kate Birch is 27, turning 28 very soon.

Ariana is a homey type. She leaves their flat occasionally when she and Kate go out for dinner or do some shopping. But she rarely leaves her home on her own. As a result Ariana only has a few friends that she knows in real life. She works from home, doing contract work through an online web service. Usually she’s doing business administration, fixing accounting errors, and translation work.

She has a petite body with a cute face with dark innocent looking eyes. Ariana has a small B-cup and she stands about 140cm tall. Long black hair flows down to the small of her back. She rarely wears makeup, other than some eye-liner. Her appearance often turns heads.

Kate on the other hand is a bit more outgoing and social, she often has lunch with coworkers. She is a smart and practical woman and works as a sort of floor manager in a large hotel in the downtown area of their city. Her duties include helping guests and showing them to their room but also coordinating with maintenance and housekeeping to keep things in order.

Kate likes her work for the challenge but at the same time finds it tiring and stressful. This causes some friction from time to time at home.

She is quite a bit taller than Ariana at about 175cm. Her dark blonde hair reaches her butt. And her narrow face and toned body gives her a slender appearance. Like Ariana she has a small B-cup. Allowing both women to share many of their clothes.

Kate and Ariana met at their previous jobs. When Ariana had joined the company after graduating college she had soon found a friend in Kate. About 2 years after that the two had fallen in love when Kate felt she needed to help her friend through some tough times.

Due to past events Ariana can be really clingy and dependent on Kate. She’s not much of a leader or decision maker, leaving the difficult choices to Kate. She also likes that balance for their sex life and often wishes that Kate would restrain and control her.

Kate is not really into domination and bondage but indulges her lover. It's a minimum effort though. Kate keeps the keys to a set of cuffs and a chastity belt for example. Ariana is sometimes left to experiment on her own or comes up with ways to surprise Kate with some new and daring bondage.

#### 1 - A special gift for Kate

Kate's birthday is coming up in a few weeks and Ariana wants to make it extra special. They've been together for a while now and Ariana has decided to officially give herself to Kate. Kate of-course has her already and with her being the leader she already has full control over Ariana if she wants to. But Ariana being a submissive woman always feels that Kate can take it a step further.

She had been talking to a guy named Brad for the last few days he had popped up in the Nearby function in Telegram. It’s a casual friendship, and she does most of the talking, about all kinds of things. He works in a smithing shop. Initially it was just for fun and to make a friend, but when she found out he likes steel bondage, manacles, stockades and things like that her mild interest in him turned into selfish fascination.

According to Brad steel bondage is the best way to restrain a person, because no matter how strong the leather, or the ropes, there is always a bit of flex or the idea of escape ‘because it’s only leather’. Steel has no flex and can not be broken with bare hands.

This intrigues Ariana and she pictures herself in unyielding steel cuffs, or a stockade, when Brad casually explains what kind of restraints he thinks are interesting. Soon her head is spinning with ideas and being into light and simple bondage herself she’s fishing to see if she could get a set of cuffs or something.

Currently she and Kate use leather cuffs and a simple steel collar and that's fine, but she's keen on experiencing something more robust and unyielding.

Brad offers to make a custom collar with a hidden lock he designed if she sends her measurements. A photo pops into her chat of a smooth circle on a rag but it doesn't really show much in the poorly lit room. It gets her super curious though and she quickly measures her neck and sends the information to Brad.

He comes up with a price and after thinking it over for a few minutes Ariana agrees to have the collar made. Her only condition is that it must be ready a few days before October the 14th, which is Kate's birthday.

That gives him just under 2 weeks to make her order.

Ariana meanwhile takes on some extra work and keeps the pay on her personal account so Kate won't notice the expensive purchase for the collar and Kate's actual gift.

9 days later the steel smith sends some pictures and invites her for a fitting.

Ariana is excited and promises to head over to his workshop the next day.

Riding across the city on her scooter wearing slippers and a knee length grey skirt with a white t-shirt with a big butterfly printed on the front. She's super excited to try her collar and thinks Brad is so nice for making it for her on short notice. ‘So lucky!’ She keeps thinking.

Arriving at his workshop she stops at the door and shyly waits for him to notice her. After a quick introduction he invites her in and shows her his workshop, the forge, a massive anvil. And finally, on a dirty rag, a rough ugly looking collar.

"I still need to polish it, but for a first fitting this'll do." He laughs at her disappointed look.

Brad looks just like in his photo. A well muscled man in his 30s with short straw-blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. Ariana imagines his ancestors must have been vikings or something.

Ariana is amazed by how small the collar looks. "Are you sure it will fit? I'm not that small right?" She asks.

"Oh yes, only slightly bigger than your measurement. There will be almost no gaps or wiggle room."

"Whoa…" she gasps under her breath and holds the collar up to her neck and sees it fits snugly, making her feel really small.

Brad meanwhile stands a few steps behind Ariana admiring the cute girl before him. He thinks she looks nothing like in her picture, which has half of her face hidden behind her hair and the visible part shows a wide-eyed goof. It does her no justice at all.

‘She’s amazing,’ he thinks. Her cute face and big eyes are clearly her best features. He can't help but wonder who the lucky recipient of her gift of submission will be.

Brad reaches for the collar around her head and leans forward to put it on her neck.

Ariana still feels a little awkward having anyone touch her neck. She has had this issue ever since her shock collar accident and flinches. Grabbing the collar to put it on herself.

Almost a year ago Ariana had thought it a good idea to play doggie for Kate in a vacation home they were staying in and didn't realize she put on a shock collar, thinking it was a GPS tracking collar. The shock device had malfunctioned and had shocked her continuously for over 3 hours on a high setting while she was stuck in a dog cage.

When Kate finally rescued her she had 2 nasty burn marks in her neck that bothered her for months. As a result Ariana has had a fear of collars, garages and chain link fences for a long time until Kate had ‘helped’ her to overcome the worst of her fears by bolting on her collar in her sleep and hiding the screwdriver before leaving for work. Forcing Ariana to wear the thing all day.

Brad’s collar fits snug around her neck and it feels a bit scary she thinks. She doesn’t close it all the way, fidgeting with it.

"What do you think?" He asks.

"It's really small." Ariana says nervously, feeling a knot in her stomach.

"That's the idea." He smirks. "It's not too tight?"

"I don’t think so, but it feels sharp in the side." Ariana comments.

"Well, that's why you're here. To work out the kinks."

‘Kinks… right,’ she thinks. She nods at Brad with a nervous smile.

He takes the collar from her and feels around the edges finding the sharp bits. With a grinder he smoothes the rough edge and puts the collar back on Ariana's slender neck again, holding it in place.

"Ah, much better." Ariana smiles.

"Cool, now I'll make it extra smooth and give it a nice finished look. And it'll be ready."

"Oh ok. Can I wait for that? Or how does that work?"

"Uh, yea sure, it'll take 30 minutes or so to polish I think. You can watch if you want. Here…" He hands her a pair of clear plastic safety goggles.

Ariana thinks that'll be interesting to see and puts the goggles on, sitting on a little stool near his workbench.

Brad gets to work and with a wire wheel smoothes and polishes the collar giving it a dark grey brushed look. It has a bit of a shine to it too. Just over 30 minutes later the collar is ready and Brad hands it to Ariana.

The dark grey contrasts against her brown skin when Ariana fits it around her neck and clicks it shut without thinking. It's snug but does not restrict her airflow. She can just about slip the tip of her pinky finger under it, making it a much better fit than her existing collar which is much wider and generic looking.

This one looks much more formidable. The almost 1 centimeter thick steel is smooth along all edges and it has no visible hinge or lock other than two tiny seams. Brad has welded a semi-circle on what supposedly is the front. The loop is for a leash or to tie her up, he explains. The seam at the back hides the hinge. The other seam hides a spring loaded latch and works as the lock.

Brad explains how the lock is hidden inside the collar and can be only reached by pushing in one of two tiny pinholes with something like a paperclip, similar to a sim-tray in a phone.

"That’s so smart, it's beautiful! I love it!" Ariana says breathlessly. She feels around the collar trying to find the seams. But the craftsmanship is quite good and she can’t feel anything but smooth steel and the welded-on loop.

Brad smiles and feeling bold he grabs a chain that hangs above the anvil and clips it to the ring on her collar while he pulls her up to her feet. Ariana looks up at the hoist and asks nervously why he's restraining her.

"What else are submissive girls for?" He laughs.

She laughs nervously along but says nothing, feeling scared and helpless. Ariana fidgets with the hook and tries to undo it by pushing on the latch, but it won't budge. Standing awkwardly and watching Brad work for a few minutes she finally asks, "So it's done now?"

"Yea if you're happy with it we're done." He starts.

Ariana wiggles in her bondage and feels helpless. Feeling excited and helpless, she's getting turned on.

"You're doing ok there?" He asks, looking at Ariana’s nervous face.

"It's too high…" Ariana complains quietly.

He quickly undoes the hook and lets her sit down. "Why didn't you say so then dummy?"

"You decide that boss." she breathes.

"Oh don't be silly. Make your own decisions."

"Yes boss."

"And don't call me boss, Ariana. I'm not your master. I'm just Brad."

Ariana says nothing and rubs her neck.

He considers that Ariana might be one of those submissive girls who just goes along with, or endures rather, whatever is being done to her until something hurts or goes wrong. Brad leaves her be, and continues his work and finishes his next order. He is in no rush to complete their transaction and likes having her around.

Ariana is not as talkative as on Telegram he notices and the two do not talk much while she sits nearby, watching him work. She fidgets with the collar and enjoys the snug feeling.

She's entranced by his professional kindness. "Brad…" She quietly draws his attention after a few minutes.

"Hmm?" He responds without looking up.

"Why are you like this?"

"What do you mean? Like what?" He curiously asks.

"You're so playful and kind. I have never met a man like you. I ehh… I'd fall for you in a heartbeat…" She looks at him and wonders why she's telling him this. “I mean, if I was single. You know?”

"Would you now?" He says with an amused voice.

"Well, maybe one or two guys were not assholes. But all men I've ever dated have always been abusive bastards."

"I'm very sorry to hear that Ariana." Unsure what to think of what she's saying, or why she’s telling him this.

She nods with sad eyes, "It's alright. Just me being stupid, right? So, ehh… We're done?"

"Or you can stay for a while?" He stammers, reaching for a paperclip to unlock her.

"Thanks. Maybe another time. How much for everything?" Ariana mutters, lost in thought as she's already thinking about how to surprise Kate with the collar.

"Eh, I think we agreed on $200 for the finished collar. Right?"

"Right." Ariana opens her hip bag and pulls out a wad of cash.

He takes her money and counts it. "Great, thanks! Enjoy your new bondage!" He congratulates her. "I hope your partner likes it.

"I'm sure she will." Ariana perks up at the mention of Kate.

"Oh he's a she?" Brad laughs, trying to hide his disappointment.

"Yes, her name is Kate. I'm getting this for her birthday. I'm giving myself to her."

"I see, that's very sweet of you." Brad says. And in a more serious tone he continues. "Hey, if you ever want to talk about men, the assholes I mean… Or anything really. Please do. It's good to talk, you know? Via chat or in person… Just let me know."

He feels bad for Ariana seeing her big dark eyes and is flattered at the mention of him being so nice where others were not.

"I'll think about that, thanks." She says with a hushed voice.

#### 2 - Kate's birthday

She quietly leaves Brad's workshop and rides her scooter home lost in thought. Brad is so nice, she thinks. Handsome too. She pictures herself bound in his workshop every day watching him work. Wondering how different her life would've been if she'd met him several years ago. She also wonders when he'll turn into an asshole. She smirks at her sad suspicion.

Still, for the moment Ariana is glad to meet a nice man.

About 30 minutes later she arrives home, for the first time in almost 2 years she's glad to find the flat empty. It gives her some time to clear her head and push Brad out of her mind. Splashing cold water in her face from the kitchen sink Ariana thinks Kate will be jealous if she has a man on her mind.

And she doesn't want an unhappy Kate.

With no Kate for another hour or so she drinks a glass of juice and throws her clothes at the closet, walking around the flat in her underwear enjoying the air on her skin.

When she's done with her chores and things, she lingers around the hallway waiting for her lover.

Kate predictably comes home a few minutes later and sees Ariana pretending to clean a door frame as she is waiting for her.

"Kate! Welcome home!" She calls out stumbling into Kate's arms, instantly forgetting about Brad.

Kate looks surprised and catches Ariana in her left arm pulling her close. "Hey babe! How was your day?" She plants a kiss on Ariana's scalp.

"Yea it’s fine," Ariana tells her. "How about yours?"

"Mine was so so, way too much stress…" Kate complains. "Again…"

The couple walks into the bedroom and Kate changes out of her uniform into something more casual and relaxed. Ariana helps her dress and follows her example and puts on a shirt as well.

Kate really needs a hug and some positive attention. Lots of things broke and went wrong in the hotel. She hates those kinds of days.

With her arm wrapped around Ariana's shoulder she guides her to the living room. Moments later the women sit on the couch and Ariana leans into Kate talking about her day. Leaving out handsome Brad and the gift he made for them. She teases Kate that she picked up her gift today. Kate prods and tries to discover what it is but Ariana is tight lipped and won't say.

The next day Ariana wakes up to an empty bed. Kate had gone to work already.

Disappointed Kate didn't say goodbye to her Ariana gets dressed and starts her day. Checking her email and looking for work to do that day, but she's not in the mood for anything really. She's thinking about Kate and her constant stress.

Kate has been doing that regularly lately, just leaving, or suddenly heading to bed not waiting for Ariana. She also noticed they talk less than before, and overall Kate seems distant at times.

Secretly Ariana finds this deeply disturbing, certainly a change in their relationship she doesn't want. Maybe Kate is getting tired of her? Or maybe she did something and Kate is upset with her? She worries about it throughout the day.

Aside from the nagging idea that Kate thinks something is wrong with their relationship. She has no idea what could be wrong. Kate is her hero and she's thankful for everything Kate did, and still does, for her. Ariana will love her forever. But she doesn't know if Kate feels the same way.

It is partly why she had the collar made. To try and reinvigorate their relationship with the ultimate gift for Kate, herself. Even though she doesn't really know what it means to give herself to someone. She really hopes Kate will like the gesture.

A few days later it’s finally Kate’s birthday.

In the morning Kate wakes up after muting her alarm several times. Now she’s running late for work and hurries through the flat and out the door before Ariana can call after Kate the door slams shut and she’s gone.

Ariana feels strangely motivated by Kate not saying goodbye to her. She needs to be an extra good girlfriend for Kate so she will like her more, or so she convinces herself.

She bakes a triple chocolate cake. It's just a basic gesture, but Kate likes chocolate, so if the taste is perfect…

She puts Kate's actual gift next to the couch so she can find it when she gets home. She got her girlfriend a pair of leather boots she knows Kate has wanted for a long time but always thought were too expensive.

With preparations done, Ariana heads to the bathroom in the afternoon and starts preparing herself. She fixes her eyebrows and lashes. Shaving everything below her neck, she hasn't been this smooth in weeks. She hopes Kate will notice and appreciate her efforts.

She then makes sure the cake is ready on the kitchen table, that the present she got is in the right spot and focuses on restraining herself for Kate.

She clicks on her shiny new collar and feels excited for the coming evening. She stares at the collar in the bedroom mirror for a moment, cupping her breasts thinking about Kate.

Coming back to reality she considers where to position herself? ‘Not in the hallway,’ she thinks. ‘What if Kate brings Lisa again…’ Remembering that accident. She had figured out Lisa found her tied up together with Kate and the two lied about it pretending Lisa arrived a few minutes later. Probably to avoid the embarrassment.

She sighs. She'd done so many stupid things during her adult life. But ever since meeting Kate, Kate saves her every time and fixes everything. Ariana smiles lovingly at the thought.

She chooses the bedroom and to make her submission extra apparent she uses a chain as a leash connecting it to her collar and to the bed's headboard with 2 padlocks. One on her collar and the other to close the loop around the bed frame.

She's now stuck on their bed until Kate lets her free.

About an hour later Kate comes home, calling out to Ariana to get ready for dinner. She drops her purse near the front door and walks straight into the bathroom expecting to leave soon. Getting no reply she looks for Ariana in the bedroom seeing her sleep naked in the middle of the bed. She smiles seeing her pretty girlfriend and tickles her awake.

"Hey girl, wake up." She softly urges Ariana.

"Huhwhat?" Ariana rubs her eyes with a yawn.

"Come, I made reservations. We have to go."

"Kate! Kate! Happy Birthday!" Ariana calls out and sits up in bed with her chain clinking around her.

Kate notices the chain linked to a collar she never saw before. "What's this?" She wonders cautiously.

"Happy birthday Kate!" Ariana exclaims. "I'm your gift."

"Bondage again?" Kate frowns.

"Kaahaate" Ariana whines, "Don't you get it? I'm giving myself to you…" Ariana bows her head.

Kate looks at the collar and sighs. "Ariana, I already have you sweetie. Come, unlock yourself. We have to go."

Ariana sits unmoving. Kate doesn't like her gift? Or even the idea behind it? And what's worse, she seems annoyed at it?

"I don't have the key Kate." Ariana tries with a smile.

"Ariana! Stop playing around Lisa and Barry are waiting."

"They're here?" Ariana looks at the door, "Can't we just be alone?" She pouts.

Kate just looks at her sternly.

Dejected Ariana asks Kate to get the pin from the nightstand and unlocks herself without another word. She doesn't bother explaining the smart lock to Kate, nor does she show how nicely the collar is made, as Kate won't care anyway.

She climbs off the bed and looks for some clothes to wear. Sinking to the floor feeling depressed. Her day is ruined. Maybe she should just stay home.

Kate meanwhile rushes back to the bathroom to freshen up. She calls out to Ariana if she needs any help but again gets no reply. Heading back to the bedroom she sees Ariana sit in front of the closet looking sad at herself in the mirror.

"What are you doing?"

"You go Kate. I'm staying here."

"But I need you by my side sweetie." Kate implores her.

"No you don't, you don't even care for me anymore. I know that now."

Kate squats down next to Ariana and caresses her face. "I do care for you sweetie. Why do you say that?"

Ariana looks at her and whispers, "You sure don't show it lately…"

Kate looks hurt, wondering where this comes from.

"I made a cake… And got you a gift…I made myself pretty for you…" Ariana softly says. "Did you even notice?"

Kate looks at her weirdly. She'd been preoccupied with Ariana locked to the bed. "I'm sorry sweetie, really. I didn't see your gift yet. Or a cake…"

"You're bored with me?" Ariana says, tearing up. "You don't want to own me?"

"Ariana…" Kate starts. "Please don't be like that. Do you really think I'd keep you around if I didn't want you anymore?

Ariana shakes her head. Sniffling teary eyed. "Love me more Kate… I need it, I need you!" She cries out with tears in her eyes.

Kate shakes her head, seeing her birthday turn into a drama. "Come, tell me about the collar."

"You hate it…" Ariana mumbles.

"You know I don't really like bondage sweetie. You know that… I mean, it's just a game right?"

"But…" Ariana starts.

Kate waves away her response. "Come, show me, did you have it made?"

"Wait!" Ariana perks up. She hurries to get Kate's gift and the collar.

Coming back into the bedroom she is wearing the collar again. Still naked. Carrying a large box wrapped in gift wrapping paper.

Kate sits on a little footstool in the bedroom. She looks at Ariana curiously thinking dinner is on hold apparently. Forgetting for the moment that Ariana doesn't know about the dinner she planned.

Ariana kneels in front of Kate putting the wrapped gift aside and looks up at her. "Kate…" she starts in a serious voice. "Kate, you're my best friend and the best person in the world. I’ll love you forever! You're always, always there for me. And as a thank you I'm giving myself to you for forever."

Kate looks down on Ariana who sits demurely on her knees with her head down and tears up at the display of love in front of her. "Oh Ariana, come here." She feels bad for apparently neglecting her girl. Ariana rises and sits on Kate's lap. Kate embraces her. "Sweetie, I'm sorry for being a bad friend to you."

Ariana whispers, "I miss…"

"Shh," Kate silences Ariana. "I have had this frustration for a while now that I don't get enough time and space for myself. I thought I was dealing with it… Sorry if I shut you out."

Ariana looks worried now. "You want to be alone?" Ariana asks with a small voice.

Kate starts, "We've been inseparable for almost 2 years right?"

Ariana nods.

"I never have a moment alone to clear my head. I never have any time to myself. Don't you ever feel that way?"

Ariana thinks for a few seconds, "No, I'm lonely every day when you're at work Kate?" She whispers.

Kate looks surprised. "Lonely?"

"Yessss! It hurts me to be without you. I need you more Kate. You should work from home too."

Kate smiles, "Well, while you're alone you have your work without people and quiet time. At my work I have no rest or time to clear my head. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Ariana shakes her head no.

"Is your work too much for you?" Ariana finally asks.

"A little bit, yes. But what I mean is, while you're here nice and relaxed without people bothering you all day long I don't have that luxury of peace. At work I tend to guests, at home I tend to you. When can I tend to myself?"

"Ah!" Ariana perks up, "We need a vacation… An adventure."

"I need a vacation, yes." She emphasizes 'I' strongly.

"Without me?" Ariana says with a sad look.

‘Fuck Ariana, don't you get it? I need time! Rest!’ Kate screams in her head.

"We'll talk about it later, ok? I'll figure something out. It's time to fix me this time ok? It's not you, you're doing nothing wrong. So don't worry about that." Kate tries to assure her girlfriend.

Ariana nods, suddenly feeling uncertain about their future.

"What's in the pretty box?" Kate distracts her from their serious talk.

Ariana perks up again. Your other gift.

"Another gift huh?"

Ariana nods and sits back on the floor handing Kate her gift. "Happy birthday Kate!"

Kate rips the paper off and sees a big shoe box. Inside she sees her dream boots. She admires the dark brown leather, stroking her hand over the ankle.

"That's the pair you like right?" Ariana looks at her expectantly.

"Oh sweetie, you remembered!"

"You always look at it when we walk past the shop. I'm not stupid you know?" She laughs.

"I've wanted these for so long…" Kate murmurs.

"I know, you used to look at me the same way." Ariana her hint comes unsubtly.

"I'll wear them tonight!" Kate says resolutely. Fitting her foot in the left boot enjoying the soft fit.

"Tonight?" Ariana asks.

"Yes, I told you, I made reservations to go for dinner with Lisa and Barry."

"Ehh, no you didn't" Ariana looks confused.

#### 3 - Dinner party

Ariana stands in front of the closet for a few moments before making up her mind. She doesn't want to go out to dinner. She wants to eat cake with Kate and make love to her. She had it all planned out. Eat the cake, she'd cook, maybe watch a movie. And then sex until they pass out. All while she wears her collar.

Now it's suddenly a social dinner with people she doesn't want to see.

‘Fuck it, I'll wear my collar anyway.’ She thinks and chooses a casual outfit. A knee length tan dress with short sleeves. Knee high socks and her converse shoes. She looks at herself in the mirror and decides to let her hair loose to hide the collar a bit.

Kate dresses in similar colors, wearing her new boots over a pair of skinny jeans. Topped off with a tan colored tank top and her dark brown jacket. Ariana braids Kate's long hair so it hangs over her shoulder and she looks all official and confident.

Ariana thinks Kate looks hot. Kate thinks Ariana looks like a bratty teenager with her long socks, but compliments her look anyway.

The couple arrives fashionably late at the restaurant where Lisa and Barry are already waiting, 2 drinks in. Lisa immediately notices Ariana's collar and asks what that's for. Kate looks shyly away but Ariana giggles and says Kate owns her now. Explaining she gave herself to Kate that evening.

The 2 women look at her not understanding what she means. Barry smirks and orders another beer.

Kate looks confused. Ariana didn't give herself to her, or was she so distracted she missed something important? She pulls a 'I-don't-know-face' to Lisa behind Ariana's back. Lisa smiles and thinks Ariana is being a bondage weirdo again.

Kate shows her new boots to her sister, who really likes the look. Ariana smiles hearing it.

Barry looks thoughtfully at Ariana.

Ariana doesn't like Barry much. He’s a former co-worker of Ariana and Kate. Ariana never really spoke with him while they worked for the same company but he always thought she was one of the most beautiful girls in the world, 2nd after Kate. He never felt brave enough to talk to her other than professionally and then she stole Kate away from his dreams.

Later, unbeknownst to the girls, Kate made good on his loss by introducing him to Lisa, Kate's sister, and she's as nice and pretty as Kate.

"So how are you Ariana," Barry asks with his gaze fixed on her face.

"I'm fine. And you? Did you move in with Lisa yet?"

"Soon, she's moving here. We're doing alright." Barry tells her. "How does the collar work?" He asks.

"It's a symbol, I want Kate to have me."

"Oh, I see. It looks nice on you." He smiles, not sure what she means.

Kate hears this and says nothing but focuses on the wine chart. "Kate," Lisa bends over to Kate and slaps her shoulder hissing in her ear, "Hey! You should pay more attention to her. Remember what I said last year to you about communicating with her?"

Kate looks annoyed at Lisa but says nothing.

Barry interjects, "girls, girls, please. Remember, it's someone's birthday?"

Ariana looks questioningly at Lisa, not really getting what Lisa is saying. She leans into Kate resting her head on Kate's shoulder. What an awkward evening, she thinks. And her mind wanders to more important issues, like what Kate had said earlier about her needing space. What's that about?

Kate, Lisa and Barry chitchat about life, Kate her day and if she had cake yet. Kate complains work kept her and she only had time for Ariana’s gift.

Ariana vaguely hears cake being mentioned. But she's focused in her own little world and worries about Kate and their relationship.

"Ariana? Hey!" She hears Lisa call out her name. Ariana looks across the table with a blank stare.

"Are you ok? Need some fresh air?"

Ariana nods slowly. Having no idea what's happening at the table.

Lisa gets up and motions for Ariana to follow her and the two walk outside of the restaurant.

"Hey, are you ok? You look so depressed. You don't want to be here do you?"

"How, what? No it's fine…"

"No you're not. Come tell me? Is something the matter? Can I help?" Lisa braces herself for some bad news.

"Don't tell Kate ok?" Ariana starts, "I think Kate doesn't love me anymore. Not like last year anyway…" she blurts out tearing up.

"Why? What makes you think that?" Lisa asks, startled.

"She's always distant and distracted, like I don't matter. She leaves for work without saying goodbye. Or just ignores me and goes to bed without me. And tonight she didn't even notice my efforts for her for today."

"That's why you were late? You had a fight?"

Ariana shakes her head. "Not really, but she says she needs space. But I don't know. She didn't even notice I got her the boots at first and that I made a cake."

"Oh girlie… I'm so sorry." Lisa doesn't know what to say and hugs the girl. She then asks, "Do you still love her? Ariana?

Ariana nods, quietly sobbing. "I'll never love anyone else Lisa. She's my only one, forever."

"That's why you got the collar? To make her see your love?"

Ariana nods. "She hates it."

Lisa looks at her. She's not sure if Ariana is seeing things the way they are, but she'll find out. "I’m pretty sure Kate still loves you. I'll talk to Kate soon, ok? Find out what's going on?"

Ariana nods into Lisa's shoulder. "Don't tell her I told you, ok?"

Lisa promises she'll be discreet.

Later that night Lisa confides in Barry about her worries for the couple, telling him something's up with Kate and how sad and worried Ariana is.

Barry says Kate probably just needs space or have her head set straight. That, or they need to communicate better, knowing how Lisa can suck at expressing herself too sometimes.

Lisa thinks about that and plans to meet Kate soon to talk about Ariana.

Over the next few days Ariana tries to be normal for Kate and please her however she can. But also trying to sense when Kate isn't interested in her and then not forcing herself onto Kate. Giving her some alone time. Kate seems to appreciate that. But it does little to put Ariana's mind at ease.

#### 4 - Visiting Brad

About a week after Kate's birthday she feels daring and thinks she should visit Brad in his workshop. Secretly hoping he'll chain her up again. She rides her scooter to his workshop, arriving minutes after he opened up for the day.

"Brad? Good morning."

"Oh, hey Ariana."

"Ehm, I really enjoyed our time together the other day. Can I stay with you today?"

He looks at her longingly and sits her down on the stool next to the anvil. "Ehh, sure?" Brad says surprised at his unexpected visitor.

"Thanks." She looks up at him like a kid getting a gift.

"Trouble at home?" He asks carefully.

Ariana shakes her head.

"Everything ok then? How did your girlfriend like the collar?"

"Oh it's fine, I was just bored and thought I'd chat with you for real instead of online." She lies unconvincingly.

"Uh-huh, well I have a lot of work so please don't get in the way ok?"

She holds up her wrist and he gets the hint. "I see." He says, "Ariana. Listen to me. We need to talk about that."

She looks at him questioningly. "Why? What's wrong?"

"Nothing yet, but you have a girlfriend…"

"Yea, but we're just playing right?" She says with a serious look.

"What does that mean? To you, I mean." He asks.

"You just tie me up…"

"But you're in a relationship Ariana." He states.

"I am…" Ariana admits.

"And your partner is OK with it?"

"She doesn't need to know. It's just a little game between us." Ariana assures him.

Brad hesitates, he doesn't want trouble.

"Please Brad, I need it. You like it. What's the problem?" Ariana whines.

"Fine," he shrugs. "But don't come crying to me when she finds out. Partners always find out if you go behind their back." He warns her.

Ariana pulls up her shoulders and holds up her wrist again.

"No no, not that simple, we did simple already." Brad laughs.

Ariana looks at him confused. "Then how?"

He throws a little sponge for her to catch and points at a bottle of cleaning solution. "You'll see, scrub the top of the anvil clean for me first."

"Oh I'm your servant now?" Ariana smirks.

"Just do it, it's for your bondage. Make sure it's clean so your clothes stay nice."

Ariana says nothing but hearing she's actually going to get tied up she dutifully scrubs all grime and crap from the anvil.

Brad meanwhile looks for a steel pipe clamp and eyes her slender wrist trying to measure the size. 'Can't be more than 5 centimeters,' he thinks. Holding the 2 semi-circles together. He then looks for a U shaped threaded bar to fit through the bolt holes and grabs some nuts to go with it.

"Ready!" He hears from his workshop.

Brad sees a gleaming anvil and rubs his finger over it seeing it's clean. "Great work!" He praises her. "Now sit on the stool there and hold your arm out next to the pointy bit there." He points at the anvil. She obeys quickly and holds up her arm.

Brad fits the 2 semi-circles around her wrist seeing it's a bit loose but small enough so that her hand won't slip out. And pushes the threaded bar through the bolt holes.

Ariana follows his every move already feeling excited.

He then slips the hoop over the pointy tip of the anvil and bolts everything tight. "There,” he says. “Now try to get out." Brad encourages her.

Ariana pulls on her arm but the clamp doesn't move. She tries to push it off the pointy anvil. But it remains stuck. "I'm yours Brad." She laughs.

Brad wishes it was true… "Yes you are. You're OK like this?"

She nods excitedly and sits down again on her seat trying to get comfortable. Brad gets to work thinking he has lost enough time with his weird friend. She looks at him working and asks questions about what he's doing or why he's doing things a certain way. It's a busy morning and he doesn't have much time to talk so he only gives short answers.

When he needs to use the anvil hammering pieces of iron or steel she flinches every time the hammer strikes down close to her. It's all very exciting.

Around lunchtime Brad tells her he's going for lunch and will be back in an hour and walks out.

Ariana is surprised it's been 3 hours already and realizes she's hungry too, mostly thirsty, but she wants something to eat. Before she can call after him he has already closed the workshop door and hears the lock churn, she's left alone.

"What the hell?" She mumbles. Ariana is feeling increasingly horny at being stuck without any control over her bondage. And how Brad casually ignores her situation increases her excitement even more. With Brad gone she looks around for something to do and finally her free hand wanders to her crotch, finding a wet pair of panties.

"Mmpf" she quietly moans, rubbing herself. ‘Ohhh, what if Brad comes back now?’ A thought that only heightens her excitement. Not so much for Brad, but the idea of being caught.

She quickly fingers herself now hoping she can get off before Brad returns, her common sense losing to her horniness. A few moments later she orgasms with a moan, bucking her hips. She stifles the noise she’s making and sits panting on her little stool.

A minute or two later she hears the door open and Brad walks in with 2 plastic bags.

"Hey, I got us some lunch." He announces. He looks at Ariana's sweaty face and glassy eyes. "Ariana you're ok?"

She nods. "I'm just thirsty. I thought you left me…"

"Uh-huh," he looks at her suspiciously. His last girlfriend also had that unfocused look when she had just orgasmed in bondage. Ignoring her disheveled state he jokes, "I got us some subs, seeing you're a submissive."

"Which one do you want? Spicy chicken? Or ham and cheese?"

"Eh chicken please. Can I have a drink first?" Smiling at his silly joke.

'Thought so…' Brad thinks and he holds a bottle of Coca Cola up to her mouth and she drinks greedily.

"Thanks." She mumbles wiping away cola dripping from her chin.

"Should I release you? You're making a mess."

Ariana shakes her head and struggles with the large sub in her free hand.

"Here, let me help you." Brad takes her bread away and cuts it in smaller pieces feeding her bites of the bread.

Ariana looks curiously at him while chewing, thinking he knows she loves being helpless and casually exploits it while having his fun with her. When their lunch is finished he wipes her chin clean with a tissue and continues his work, not asking again if she wants out. And she dare not ask.

He works all afternoon finishing various pieces of machinery. Taking calls and spending the last part of the day cleaning up his workspace. Sweeping the floor, scrubbing his main work table. Refilling welding rods. Things like that.

Ariana sits helplessly and watches him work.

Finally he appears to be done and unbolts her arm from the anvil. "You can clean up at the sink there if you want. I enjoyed having you here." He says. And turns around walking into his storage area.

Ariana sits still for a few moments. ‘Did he just dismiss me or give me some space to wash up?’ She nervously thinks.

She washes her hands and looks for Brad in his storage area. He's hoisting steel beams up onto a huge storage rack and seeing he's busy doing something dangerous she heads home.

Arriving home around 5PM she really enjoyed herself and wants to visit again soon.

#### 5 - Brad’s advice

Kate messages Ariana she'll be home about an hour later.

She's sitting with Lisa in the shopping mall getting berated by her sister for being a terrible girlfriend. And so far it's been a barrage of critique and dumb assumptions from Lisa. Kate gives up responding and just passively sits there letting Lisa complain about neglecting her girlfriend and how she should know better.

"Are you done?" She angrily says when she can get a word in. Lisa nods, opening her mouth for a response. "Shut up Lisa, and listen for once." Kate sneers at her.

"Yes?"

"No! Shut, the fuck, up!" Kate loses her temper.

Lisa looks at her weirdly, Kate never loses her temper with her.

Taking a deep breath Kate starts, "Look, I know I'm a shitty partner lately, ok? Ariana told me already. I don't need you telling me again. I tried to tell Ariana the other day and she doesn't understand what I mean. Just like you."

"What's wrong then sis? Are you ok?" Lisa carefully asks.

"I'm tired…" Kate sighs. "So fucking tired."

"Go on a vacation. Take a break, go some…"

Kate waves her response away. "For the last 2 years I didn't have a moment to myself, ok? Can you understand that? No rest or private time for 2 fucking years!"

Lisa blinks at her outburst of frustration.

"At work I deal with people all day long, their requests and complaints. Every day, all day. It's very demanding."

Lisa nods. She can imagine that.

"At home I deal with Ariana all evening, her whims, needs and fucking shortcomings. Every day, all the time. And I'm so fucking tired of it all."

"Kate, Kate, Kate, calm down." Lisa stammers. "I had no idea. Is Ariana such a bother?"

"No, yes. But no. She's great, sweet, I love her to death. She just can't be alone, or make a decision, or do anything without me, or she won't. I never have a good moment for myself." Kate flip-flops her thoughts, unsure if Ariana counts as a bother or not.

"So send her away for a few days, a sleepover with a friend or family, or something." Lisa suggests.

Kate stares at her baffled. "You know what, that's actually a good idea. Why didn't I think of that?"

"You're only human sis." Lisa smiles at her.

"You have a spare room, right?"

"Maybe?" Lisa says cautiously.

"Ariana can stay with you?"

"No…" Lisa curtly says.

"Oh…" Kate says, ‘it's like that huh,’ she thinks. ‘Giving all the criticisms but no actual help.’

"I have no spare room for that kind of thing, it’s more a storage room. And at Barry's place there is no spare bed. Barry threw it out months ago because he wants to make a hobby room or something."

"I see." Kate sighs.

When Kate finally heads home she promises herself she'd get rid of Ariana for a few days and take time off as soon as possible and she'll turn off her phone, sleep for the entire duration and read a good book and drink wine in absolute silence. Without any risk of people talking to her.

Lisa sends a message to Ariana telling her Kate is tired and needs lots of rest for the next few days or so and that she should not be overwhelming her sister.

Ariana replies with an ‘OK’ and a frowning emoji.

Meanwhile, Ariana is ready for Kate. She made hamburgers for dinner. Kate seems more cheerful today and Ariana talks about 101 things but eventually sees Kate's mind wander away.

She stops talking. "Kate? Too much?"

"What?" Kate responds snapping back to the here and now.

"Am I overwhelming you? Lisa said you’re tired…"

"A little yes. Can we talk about that for a moment?" Kate asks. "Other than me, who's your best friend?"

Ariana thinks for a second and almost says Brad, but instead says "Chloe, I think."

“I see. I talked to Lisa, she is convinced that to fix me, us, this…" She circles her hand between them, "That I need some days alone. Take a break."

"You want me to leave you alone? I can do that." Ariana says.

"She says you should go on a sleepover for a few days."

Ariana looks at Kate. "You really mean it?"

"I don't know sweetie. It sounds nice. But also not."

"I can leave you alone here, now, we don't have to be away from each other." Ariana tries.

"That's not the same Ariana. Please, will you think about it? For me?"

Ariana says she will and she'll find another friend also, she doesn't want to stay with Chloe she thinks. Kate's tired mind doesn't pay very good attention and agrees on the other friend.

The next day Ariana heads to Brad, she really wants to talk to him about the sleepover idea. Arriving again just after he opens his shop around 9AM he welcomes her in and she asks if she can talk to him. Like serious talk.

Curious what she wants he sits on his anvil looking at her questioningly. "Well? What's on your mind?"

"I uh, can I sleep here with you for a few days?"

Brad looks surprised. "Here in the shop? It's not exactly a hotel… And why?"

Ariana fidgets around squeezing her hands and tells him about how Kate needs a break from her because she's stressed out or something. And she likes his bondage so if he wants it he can tie her up and she’ll be his for the duration. Make the best of a bad situation.

"Soooo, you want to cheat on your girlfriend in order to help her?"

"Nooo, it's just bondage. Our game. I don't want to sleep with you."

"Oh right. Still, that's very intimate. I'm sure your girlfriend won't approve."

"She already agreed to someone else last night."

That made no sense to Brad and he shrugs. "Ariana look, you're a really nice girl ok? I really like you a lot."

She giggles and nods.

"But I can't have a bondage game going on with you. Locking your wrist to something in the shop during work hours is one thing. But having you here for a few days is something else entirely."

Ariana looks disappointed, "Fine, nevermind. But I'm sure it would be no problem if you could fuck me…" And she turns around and marches out of the workshop frustrated.

"Ariana…" She hears Brad's stern voice behind her, but she ignores him. "Ariana come back!" he orders her.

She freezes and turns around.

"Come here!" He orders her again.

She slowly walks to Brad. Not understanding why she's obeying. When she stands in front of him he looks at her with his piercing blue eyes and tells her that that wasn't very nice to say.

"Sorry Brad, I just thought it would be fun and I'm disappointed."

He thinks about Ariana’s dumb idea for a few seconds and decides to be the mature and wise friend.

"I know, and I’m sure it would be… fun. But you need to focus on your girlfriend ok? It sounds like she needs your help more than you need your bondage."

Ariana suddenly feels guilty for selfishly seeking bondage behind Kate's back. She looks at him ashamed.

"Now, I want you to go home, ask her who she thinks is the best person for the sleepover and obey her wishes ok? Let her arrange everything as she thinks is best and only object with kind suggestions if you have a better idea. Listen to your girlfriend and focus on her." He urges her.

"Yes Brad, I will, You're right."

He smiles at her. "So? What are you going to do now?"

"I'll go home and ask Kate for instructions for the sleepover and obey her wishes."

"Very good. She's your boss right? You said something like that?"

Ariana nods.

"Then listen to your boss and go help her get better. You'll be happy together again soon. Better yet, send her a message right now so she can start organizing things for you on your way home."

Ariana swallows and mumbles, "Yes Sir."

"Remember, it's very important to listen to her." Ariana feels powerless for Brad and just nods. She pulls out her phone and Brad dictates a message to her asking Kate to organize the sleepover as she thinks is best.

"Very good Ariana, now go. Tell me next week or something how it went. If I like your story I'll chain you to the crane or something."

Ariana hugs Brad whispering a thanks and leaves without another word.

Kate receives Ariana's message at work and stares at it reading it 5 times. "That's not you…" She mutters, getting the strong feeling someone told her to send that message. She asks Lisa if she gave instructions to Ariana, but she denies it. Kate tells her she got an unusually complex message from Ariana, thinking someone dictated it to her. Sending a screenshot.

Lisa says not to overthink things and go ahead with her idea.

Kate sends a heart emoji to her lover and assures her she’ll come up with something. Next she calls Chloe on the walkie talkie asking where she is.

Chloe is on a different floor cleaning rooms. Kate heads over there and asks if she can take Ariana as a guest for a few days, starting tonight.

Chloe says that's fine. But also mentions she has some plans for the coming week.

"She just needs a place to sleep and some company for a couple of days."

"Oh that's fine, I'll be her evening entertainment. It'll be fun. Don't you worry. You're taking that break?"

"Yes, I'm gonna sit on the couch all week and clear my head and get my shit together."

Chloe laughs, wishing she could do the same.

"Thanks, you're a lifesaver." And Kate heads back to her station.

The rest of the day Kate fantasizes about her time alone.

She's going to get drunk at least once in a bar. She wants to read a couple of books, drink wine. Sleep looooong nights. All in silence and without interruptions, no internet. It'll be great!

She's looking forward to her alone time so much that she almost forgets to ask for days off from work. Kate can't get it the next day, but from the 2nd day onwards she can have a week off.

#### 6 - Sleepover

Kate checks with Chloe if she is really OK with having Ariana for a week, but upon hearing ‘Sure, it will be fun’ she stops doubting her plan and heads home to meet Ariana.

Entering her flat she sees Ariana walk into the bathroom with a mop. The home smells clean and there is a suitcase in the hallway.

Kate is surprised at this change of pace and wonders what happened to Ariana to suddenly be so pro-active. She calls out to her woman who comes rushing out of the bathroom.

"Hey Kate, how are you feeling?"

"I'm fine sweetie, what are you doing?"

"I cleaned the whole house for you so if you don't make a mess you don't have to do a thing."

Kate smiles at her. "That's great. You worked all day huh?" She looks at Ariana's tired face.

"Yes, my friend told me to take extra care of you and said I should obey you for anything so you can quickly get better."

"Your friend huh? Giving orders?" Kate asks suspiciously. She thinks she knows Ariana has no friends that boss her around.

"He's really smart and thoughtful Kate.” Ariana naively says, “You two should meet some time. I thought I could stay there but he instead told me to go home and let you handle the sleepover."

‘Oh, so that's where the message came from. Her thoughtful sleepover guy…’ She thinks, feeling jealousy bubbling up. The thought of Ariana meeting a guy behind her back upsets her greatly. But it could be worse, she thinks. He could have taken her in and god knows what would have happened then. Maybe Ariana actually found a trustworthy friend for once, she hopes.

She decides not to bring it up for now and asserts herself. "Right, let's sit down for a moment."

"Where am I going, Kate?" Ariana asks with an uncertain voice.

"Let's sit down, can you get us a drink?"

"Yes, of-course!" Ariana skips into the kitchen to get drinks.

‘Whoa, this guy must have said something really powerful to her.’ She hasn't seen Ariana this active and attentive in months. Not that she was lazy or lax in any way. But this feels different. Kate quickly changes into casual clothes and sits down in the living room.

Ariana calls out from the kitchen that she bought groceries earlier today. She prepared a lasagna for Kate for tomorrow.

Kate laughs at all Ariana's efforts. Thinking she has the sweetest girlfriend, almost deciding to call off the whole sleepover. But then remembers this kind of overwhelming attention is exactly why she needs rest. It's always fun in the moment. But adding it all up it's very intense.

Ariana comes back with 2 glasses with cranberry juice and sits next to Kate. They sip their drinks for a few moments in silence.

"Kate?" Ariana looks at her feeling sad. Reality setting in. "You're really sending me away?"

"Just for a few days sweetie. I asked if you could stay with Chloe. She's really looking forward to spending time with you, she said."

"Oh? And you're sure I can't stay here?"

"No… I'm not." Kate says. "I'm going to miss you a lot."

"Yes, me too." Ariana says with a sad voice.

"Right, let's not sit around and mope," Kate says. She leans in and hugs Ariana. They fall over on the couch and Kate holds her very firmly, hoping they’re doing the right thing.

Ariana sighs deeply and turns her head to see Kate. But she can't turn far enough. "Kate. Where does Chloe live? Does she have a nice house?"

"I'm not sure sweetie, but she's got nice clothes and a new car. I'm sure she has a nice place."

"And a bedroom for me?"

"I didn't ask…" Kate hesitates.

"What if I have to sleep on the couch?"

"I'm sure she has a spare bedroom for you, otherwise you don't offer to have a guest, right?"

Ariana nods relieved.

"Shall we go check it out?" Kate asks, she's curious to see Chloe's house as well.

"Kiss me first Kate, please."

Kate buries her face in Ariana's neck and softly sucks on her smooth skin planting little kisses below her ear.

Ariana struggles. "No, real kisses. I want to really feel you."

Kate has a better idea. "Go to the bedroom, I'll be there in a minute."

Ariana giggles and rushes to the bedroom and strips naked, it's been days since they had sex. She jumps onto their bed and sits on it cross legged waiting for her lover.

Kate follows Ariana into the bedroom and sees her girl sitting naked looking all cute. Taking off her pants and shirt off and climbs in bed sitting next to Ariana. "Hey cutie," she whispers, leaning in for a proper kiss.

Ariana reaches out and pulls Kate over her, squeezing her tight. Breaking off their kiss after a while she gasps, "Kate, I love you so much. Anything I can do to help you I'll do ok? Just tell me what you want or need."

"I know sweetie, thank you for everything you did today. It's really thoughtful of you."

"I hate you for kicking me out though." She pouts.

"I'm not kicking you out Ariana. Please don't think of it like that."

"It feels like it… mmpf" Kate interrupts Ariana by kissing her again, reaching down, feeling her crotch. Ariana moans through their kiss and they end up making love as Kate rubs herself on Ariana's leg and Ariana fingering Kate and herself. Both women orgasm with a loud moan.

They lay panting in bed when a message pings into Kate's phone. It's Chloe asking if they're ever going to show up. Looking at the time Kate sees it's already past 8PM.

"We should get going." Kate says with a sad voice.

"Sure…" Ariana says equally unenthusiastically.

Kate pulls Ariana out of bed and tells her to get dressed. Ariana puts her outfit of the day back on. Kate pulls a pair of jeans and a t-shirt from the closet and wears her new boots. She really likes the high leather boots, they're comfortable too.

A few minutes later Kate drives Ariana to Chloe. Ariana hasn't said a word since getting dressed. Dreading being away from Kate. Brad told her it’s important for Kate but she thinks he has no idea how hard it is for herself.

#### 7 - Leaving Ariana

Kate follows her phone’s directions to Chloe's address and they enter the suburbs of the city, seeing nice houses.

"Chloe is really rich right?" Ariana asks, looking at the large houses.

"I don't know, she's a cleaner at the hotel." Kate says.

"Facility Caretaking Manager." Ariana remembers.

"Yes, just like I am a 'Guest Attendance Expert'…" Kate mocks the title.

Arriving at a nice looking house Kate pulls into the small driveway. Kate wheels Ariana's suitcase to the door as Chloe welcomes them in.

"Finally you're here, trouble letting go?" She Beams.

"Something like that. Hi Chloe…" Kate mumbles.

Ariana waves at Chloe and forces a smile. "Hi…"

Chloe hugs Ariana, "Hi girl. I'm so looking forward to having you here. It's going to be fun, right?"

"Sure…" Ariana feels sad, but smiles again.

"Come, I have your room all ready. I hope you'll like it." She heads inside, pulling Ariana along by her arm. Motioning Kate inside.

Ariana follows Chloe into the house and along the way she points at the couch. "Living room, feel free. The kitchen is to the right there." They head towards the back of the house passing a closed door. "My bedroom, off-limits. Don't go in there." Ariana looks at the door. "Bathroom there, on the right. Also feel free when the door is open."

And the last door in the corridor. "Your new home, welcome!"

"Not my home, but thanks." Ariana mumbles.

Chloe opens the door and shows her a nicely decorated bedroom with a double bed and a desk in it. "Here, have a look around. You can put your things in the closet there, use the desk for work, you do work right?"

Ariana nods.

Kate wanders through the corridor thinking Chloe her house is very nice. Not too big, but much more stylish than she expected. She finds both women at the end of the corridor and pushes the suitcase inside. "Whoa, that's nice. Right Ariana?"

"Uh-huh." Ariana feels the bed. It's nice and soft, she sits down on it looking around. Spotting an Evangelion poster on the wall, showing the popular Asuka character in her red suit.

“Hey, that’s ehh, that girl from Evangelion… Right?” Ariana asks, surprised.

“Asuka Langley, yes. She’s my favorite anime character.”

“Oh.” Ariana says, maybe this sleepover isn’t going to be all that stupid after all… She likes anime too.

"Take a moment and look around ok? Out the window you can see the garden if you're into that sort of thing." Chloe pushes Kate out the room and closes the door behind them. "Is she ok?" She whispers.

"How would you feel if you got kicked out of your own house?" Kate asks quietly, using Ariana's words from earlier.

"But you're not kicking her out, right?"

"She sees it that way…" Kate says with a dark look.

Chloe mmpfs, suddenly the coming days look a lot less fun.

"She'll turn around, just give her some time to adjust." Kate advises.

"Yea I hope so, because I was hoping for a fun time. Not a mopey depressed few days…” Chloe complains.

Then, “How long is she staying anyway?" Chloe says.

"Ehm, a few days. Just tell her to shut up if she's a bother to you." Kate mumbles without thinking.

"What?"

"Ehh, never mind." Realizing her careless words. "So eh, I don’t know for how long actually.”

Nobody considered how long Ariana would be staying.

“Is 5 days ok?” Kate tries.

“Yea I guess, we’ll see how it goes. But you get to tell her, hah!” Chloe winks at Kate.

“Can you give us a moment?" Kate asks.

"Sure, I'll be in the living room."

Kate knocks on the bedroom door, "Ariana? It's me Kate. Can I come in?"

Not hearing a response she opens the door and pokes her head around it. Seeing Ariana unpacking her suitcase.

"Oh, hi Kate. I thought you left already."

"Come now, I would never leave without saying goodbye."

Ariana grimaces. She can think of many days Kate left for work without saying goodbye.

"Come here girl, let’s not make it more difficult than it already is." Kate says entering the room.

Ariana rushes to Kate with tears in her eyes and the two hug for several long minutes. Kate whispers soothing words to Ariana trying to comfort her.

"I'll come get you in 5 days ok? Just wait for me here."

"Ok… Or just take me home now…" Ariana cries softly.

"Come, let's go to the living room, talk to Chloe." Kate suggests. She tries not to cry herself.

"I'll stay here if you don't mind." Ariana says.

"Ok, but try to have fun OK? Don't ignore Chloe. Maybe you have more in common than you think?" Kate points at the poster.

Ariana nods and wiggles free from Kate.

"I'll see you next week then?" Kate asks.

"If you don't forget me in the meantime."

"I'll never forget my extra special friend." Kate assures her. “In fact, I already miss you.”

Ariana says nothing and continues emptying her suitcase.

Kate quietly leaves and finds Chloe in the living room watching TV. "She'll be fine by tomorrow." Kate says sitting near Chloe.

"We'll see." Chloe says with a frown.

"Thanks Chloe, really… If you need anything just let me know."

"No, go have your fun… We'll see you resurface some time next week."

"Thanks!" She hugs Chloe and heads out the door feeling super awkward leaving Ariana behind.

Kate drives home and almost gets in an accident because she's not paying attention at a red light.

Meanwhile Ariana has curled up on her bed and cries herself to sleep over the next few hours.

The next morning Ariana feels lonely and stays in her room until about 11AM. She sends a message to Kate telling her she feels lonely, but gets no response. It's like Kate her phone is off. Ariana then messages Brad telling him she followed his instructions but feels shit about it. He invites her to come over and talk the next day. He's out of town today.

When she finally emerges from her room the house is empty. Chloe is at work. She realizes she can't even leave as she has no key. Nor did she get the wifi password yet.

She sighs frustrated and explores the house.

In the kitchen she finds lots of pans and an unusually large oven with 6 gas cookers on top. Ariana then looks in the bathroom and sees a huge rain shower in the shower cabin and smiles at it.

Looking at Chloe's bedroom door, she opens it and sees a neat room.

Ariana wonders why she said so resolutely it was off limits and starts snooping around.

In the nightstand she finds a large vibrator. It buzzes very powerful when she briefly turns it on. Peeking in the closet she sees a few cosplay outfits. 2 vaguely familiar bodysuits, one of orangey-red latex and the other made of white latex. There is a medieval looking dress like something from Games of Thrones. And a neoprene grey bodysuit that looks very familiar to Ariana.

She pulls it out of the closet and recognizes it as the combat outfit from Ghost in the Shell, her favorite anime. The main characters often wear it when they’re on some assignment.

“Whoa that’s so cool…” Ariana whispers, looking at the fine details and quality of the suit.

After staring at the outfit for a few moments she puts it back in the closet.

Next she explores the garden, which is accessed through the kitchen. A neatly trimmed lawn stretches out in front of her with a little shed in the back. Some flowery bushes are dotted around the grass. She wanders through the garden, idly stroking the leaves of the bushes as she goes past.

Arriving in the back of the garden she peeks through the window she sees a lawnmower and some gardening tools.

‘Boring,’ she thinks.

Strolling back to the house she feels like sitting in the grass and ends up laying down on it, staring at the sky. Ariana remembers this from when she was a kid. In Japan she would play in tall grass and stare at the sky too. She's not sure why she remembers that now.

She lays around on the grass for an hour or so before heading back inside.

She plunders the fridge, making a sandwich with the last 2 slices of ham and drinking the last orange juice. Then finishing the Coca Cola… Still feeling thirsty she also finishes the grapefruit juice and almost retches from the sour taste. ‘Geez, that's gross. I, we, need to buy groceries,’ she thinks.

Sighing, and without internet, Ariana drops down on the couch and sleeps the rest of the afternoon feeling sad and thinking about what she’d look like wearing the Ghost in the Shell outfit.

When Chloe comes home she sees Ariana sleeping on the couch and heads straight to the kitchen for a drink. Finding nothing. Ariana had finished all her drinks. "Oh for fucks sake!" She mutters with a dry throat. She then heads into her bedroom and notices her cosplay outfits have been moved and rolls her eyes. ‘Nosy little bitch,’ she thinks.

After changing her work uniform for regular clothes Chloe makes a shopping list. She then kneels next to Ariana's head and gently shakes her awake.

"Hey Kate…" Ariana yawns, "What time is it?"

"Ariana, it's me Chloe. Come, we need to buy groceries."

Ariana's eyes shoot open and she looks around startled. "Chloe? Where's Kate? Where am I?"

"Yes, it's me Chloe… You're at my place. Remember?"

"Oh, right…" Ariana says in a tone as if the world's biggest injustice has been done to her.

"Shall we buy groceries? I made a list, you should add your things to it too." Chloe puts the notepad in sight of Ariana on the coffee table.

"Right, I drank all your stuff. Sorry…" Ariana sits up. "I need your wifi." She matter of factly says.

"What?"

"The wifi password, I need to get online."

‘Who cares about wifi now,’ she thinks. "We'll find it when we get back, come, I'm thirsty." Chloe says.

Ariana nods, "Where are we going?"

"Just the supermarket around the corner."

Kate comes home having finished her last working day for the week and throws her uniform in the laundry. Not bothering to wear clothes other than underwear she stands in the doorway of the bedroom. Staring at her couch. She wonders what Ariana is doing and resists the urge to check her messages.

She remembers her flat being quiet and empty from before Ariana moved in and she hated it then, she hates it even more today. Doubting the wisdom of the sleepover. She calls Lisa and complains to her about her suggesting to send Ariana away.

Lisa sighs. "Barely a day passes and you're ready to give up?"

"No, it's just strange… Not having Ariana here." Kate whines. “It’s so quiet, it’s like I went 2 years back in time…”

"Oh quit your moaning sis, 2 days ago you were very clear you wanted time alone. Now you're alone and you can't handle it? Make up your damn mind!"

"You're right. I'm sorry." Kate says. "I'll figure it out. Talk to you later."

Kate heats up a portion of Ariana's lasagna and tries to enjoy her evening alone. Wasting away her time with wine and watching movies until she falls asleep on the couch.

#### 8 - Bondage at Brad’s

The next day Ariana gets up early and feels a lot better already, last night with Chloe was fun. They bought a ton of groceries and watched anime together. Chloe is a big manga nerd it turns out, but she’s shy to share her passion with the world so she never mentioned it before.

Ariana is warming up to Chloe, feeling relieved to have something in common with her. Albeit that Ariana is much less up-to-date with the latest anime than Chloe.

Today she wants to see Brad. He promised to tie her to his crane or something. Ariana really feels like being stuck for him again. She wears black leggings, a spaghetti top and her sneakers. Chloe left for work a while ago, so nobody will know what she’s up to.

Arriving at his workshop she hears a hissing sound and a bright flickering light comes from inside. She peeks around the door and sees Brad wearing a black helmet and is welding 2 plates together.

Ariana quietly goes inside and sits in the corner on a chest waiting for him to finish. She’s fascinated by the blueish bright light and keeps staring at it, but when her eyes start hurting she looks away and sees a familiar shaped piece of steel. More pipe clamps? But it's not that. She saw these somewhere but she can't place them.

Meanwhile Brad has finished welding and shuts off the gas, which causes a loud popping noise. Ariana shrieks in surprise and looks at Brad, seeing him stare at her.

"Hey…" He stammers.

For a moment he eyes her up and down. ‘Fuck me, she looks hot,’ he thinks.

Ariana laughs at his goofy face. "Hi Brad."

"You eh, you look good today." He manages to say.

Ariana giggles and thanks him. "You're not too bad yourself."

She's right, he had fixed up his hair and trimmed his beard for her this morning.

"What are these? They look familiar." She asks, pointing at the circles of steel. Turns out Brad is making manacles for someone, just like they often use for prisoners in medieval themed movies.

He steps forward and shows her how they work. And explains that he still needs to add a chain before they’re ready. He then offers to put the manacles on her arms and legs to see if they fit when he's done. Ariana agrees and is told to sit down on the familiar little stool next to the anvil.

Brad cuts a few lengths of chain and welds it to the manacles. He then shows the finished items to Ariana who eagerly holds up her arms so he can fit a cuff to each wrist.

Brad applies the manacles and then bends down and puts the other 2 on her ankles. Admiring her slender legs and enjoying her fresh smell for a brief moment.

This time Brad can put the collar on without being rejected by Ariana. The collar fits loose around her neck and it feels heavy and clumsy, she thinks.

"What do you think?" He asks.

"They’re all loose. Nothing like my collar." Ariana says.

"It's not too loose?"

"I don't know." Ariana comments testing her bondage.

The cuffs look rough and old school. They're loose on her petite frame and clank around when she moves but don't slip off her hands. The thick steel is smoothed along all edges and has a hinge on one side and bent lips on the other end for a padlock or bolt to go through.

"It's very rough and heavy. I wouldn’t buy something like this…" Ariana says with a frown. But the heavy steel is intimidating.

Brad smiles, “Good thing they’re not for you then, eh?” And he grabs the little chain between her wrists and pulls her along to an open area in the workshop.

Ariana hops after him with some effort and balances herself when Brad holds her in place.

"Pose for me." Brad tries.

"Brad please… I'm not a model." Ariana says with a giggle.

"I don't mean like that. But just stand here so I can look at you for inspiration."

"Ehh, I don't know." Ariana says looking shy. Feeling excited again.

Brad hmms and then has another idea. "Look around," he says, "If you can choose, how would you be restrained? Any ideas?"

Ariana looks around but sees no real place for her to be stuck. Kate usually keeps her tied in bed when they sleep, but everything here looks industrial and monstrous to her.

"I ehh…" Ariana looks lost for words.

"Come," he says, sensing he needs to make that choice made for her. "Let's try some things and see what you like. If you just want to sit here that's fine also."

He grabs her upper arm and pulls her along, having her hop with him to a small swiveling crane in the back of his shop. There he clasps the crane hook to the chain between her wrists and lifts her to her tiptoes. "How's that?"

Ariana looks flustered. "That's, fine…" She groans.

"I can also clamp the chain in a vice… It'll be similar to last time." He points at a large vice near the forge. "Or I can hang you upside down from the crane. Or stretch you out on the laser cutter. Or if you really want something daring, I can weld you into something… A box, or frame, or… something…" His voice trails off lost in that fantasy.

"You've tried all that?" Ariana asks timidly, wondering if she’ll ever escape if she's welded into place.

"Oh, not me. But a girlfriend or two. Sure…" He smiles. "You're not the only kinky person here, you know?" He finishes.

Ariana laughs nervously again.

Brad decides for her. "I'll leave you here until I'm done then. Should be an hour. Let me know if you want to hang higher."

"Eh, higher?" Ariana looks unsure.

"Yeah I can pull you higher…" And he presses a button raising her 10 centimeters higher.

Ariana squeals and sways slightly back and forth hanging helpless on her wrists.

"What'll it be?" He asks. But Ariana has no words for what Brad is doing to her. She feels her panties getting wet with excitement. "Alright, see you in a bit." Brad says, leaving her in her own little world.

"Yes. boss." She grunts with a strained face.

Brad heads back to his workbench and starts working on his next order, 2 smooth oval loops for some factory equipment. When he finishes the first one 15 minutes later he checks on Ariana who hangs there helplessly, trying to touch the ground. "You're doing ok in there?" He asks looking at her pained face.

"It hurts…"

He quickly lowers her down. "Why didn't you call out?"

"You were busy, right?" She says.

"Oh don't be stupid…" Brad starts to scold her. But then he remembers that Ariana might be one of those submissive girls who quietly endures whatever is being done to her. He pulls her along back to the work area and she hops after him. "Here, I think it's better if you just sit here so I can keep an eye on you. Don't move."

"Thanks boss."

"Again… Don't call me boss Ariana. I'm just Brad to you."

Ariana says nothing and looks at her red wrists, trying to rub them.

Brad finishes the 2nd oval and when he’s done he asks her if she wants to be tied again. He looks at her red wrists. “You’re ok there? Want to try something else?”

She eagerly nods, thinking that's why she's here.

"How about something more daring?"

Ariana hesitates, "How daring?"

He shows her a wide tow-strap. "I'll suspend you with this from the crane. Upside down… It won’t hurt your skin like the cuffs did on your wrists."

"Eh, ok?" Ariana mutters.

"You're sure? Ever hung upside down?"

She shakes her head. "Not right-side-up either, before today…" She mumbles.

Brad removes the cuffs from her ankles, "I see, well let's see how you do then. Put the stool under the crane and sit on it." He says.

She quietly obeys while he looks for a clean tarp or piece of cardboard to cover the dirty floor. Ariana sits nervously on her stool, looking at brad. He cuts a length of about a meter from the old tow strap and melts the ends with a blowtorch to stop it fraying. He then kneels in front of her.

"How does it work?" Ariana asks with a throaty voice. She’s getting so nervous it feels like someone is choking her.

"I’ll show you," he says with a focused voice, wrapping one end of the strap around her ankle and driving 2 bolts through it to hold it closed. He then does the same with her other ankle and the other end of the strap.

"Look…" He says. "Don't fall now." And he gently pulls the strap away from her stretching her legs. "See, no pinching or sharp stuff…"

Ariana nods with a scared look. "Brad, it's scary…"

"I'd be scared too." He laughs as he loops the crane cable around the strap, hooking it on itself so that it won't slip loose.

"Brad, please… Can we do something else?"

"No…" He says. "I've already hooked you up." And he presses a button on a controller and the hook lifts Ariana her legs up. "Scoot onto the cardboard." He orders her.

"Brad, please…"

"Do it Ariana!"

She quickly complies and he lifts her higher until only her shoulders and head rest on the floor.

"Are you ready to fly?" He asks.

"Not really…" She refuses.

He smiles and lifts her up further and Ariana squeals panicky as she sways back and forth hanging by her ankles. Brad laughs at her scared face and lifts her up as high as the crane will go. Her face is now at about chest height for him and her hands no longer touch the ground. Ariana looks up at him with scared eyes.

Brad admires Ariana’s stretched body hanging in front of him for a few moments and resists the urge to tickle her. Instead he gives her a push, leaving her swaying. He really needs to finish some of his orders now and works fast to catch up with his schedule.

Ariana moans and grumbles in discomfort. Her upside down view is disorienting and this kind of bondage is not nearly as fun as she imagined.

After about an hour he's caught up and checks on Ariana.

She looks pathetic with her arms stretched towards the floor, still connected by the manacles. She ‘mmpfs’ in discomfort, her head turned red from her blood sinking into it. She feels disoriented and dizzy. He lowers her down and sits her upright on the cardboard on the floor. She looks dazed and out of it.

"Hey! Ariana!" He clicks his fingers in front of her face causing her to focus on him.

"I hate you." She whispers after a few moments.

"But you liked it? Right?"

"No, yes… It’s so forced, so helpless." She looks down ashamed of her feelings.

Brad says nothing but smiles knowingly at her. He then connects the crane hook to her wrists and lifts her up, forcing her to stand with her hands above her head. Ariana weakly protests but before she can gather her thoughts he leaves for lunch without so much as a goodbye.

He heads home and eats a massive corned beef sandwich. At the end of his break he prepares a few sandwiches for Ariana, grabs a bottle of Coca Cola and heads back seeing Ariana's still standing where he'd left her. She looks distraught, like she's ready to fall over.

"Oh shit…" He calls out. Rushing to the crane controls and lowers her arms, unhooking her. She sinks to the floor looking at her wrists.

"You look like shit." He laughs.

Ariana looks at him with angry eyes. "I didn't agree to any of this or being abandoned! Where were you? I called for you…" Ariana scolds him.

"Home, for lunch. I did say it'd be scary…" Brad apologizes.

"I much prefer if you clamp me to the anvil again…" Ariana states.

"I'm sorry Ariana, maybe it was too much?"

She nods.

"Well, it's only 2PM. I can still put you in the anvil." He offers.

Ariana hesitates. But her wanton lust for being helpless takes over and she says "You decide. But no crazy stuff please."

Brad removes the strap from her feet and helps her to stand. He then guides her to her little stool next to the anvil. Sitting her down he unbolts the manacles and puts them away. "How about something familiar but simple for my pet?" He offers.

Ariana looks at him suspiciously. Did he just call her his pet? "Like what?" She asks cautiously.

"Stay!" he commands.

He soon returns with a length of chain and wraps it snugly around her neck and closes the loop with a padlock. He then bolts the chain to his anvil. "There, nice and simple." He laughs at her frown. "Don't go wandering around now…" He warns her.

"Or what?"

"Or I'll hang your pretty little ass upside-down from the crane again." He playfully threatens, laughing at her upset face.

Ariana looks angry at him and considers his crude words but says nothing. She thought he would be more gentlemanly and not charge ahead with stupid ideas. And wishes he'd be casually playful and fun like last time. She's not sure if she likes today's Brad.

Ariana tests the length of the chain and looks for her phone, she can just about reach it. Ignoring Brad for now she plays games on her phone, not paying attention to her captor or her bondage, she’s done for today.

Brad notices she's not paying attention to him anymore and doesn't look very happy like last time. ‘Maybe I went a bit too far?’ He considers his actions. ‘She didn't ask to be released so how bad can it be?’ He thinks.

Finishing his tasks for the day Brad unlocks Ariana at around 4PM. Saying nothing she gets up and heads for the door.

"Ariana…" Brad calls out to her.

She looks at him questioningly.

"I feel you didn't enjoy today. Are you ok?"

"No…" She says, having made up her mind an hour ago. And she turns to leave.

Brad looks frustrated and grabs her hand. Ariana looks at her hand in his and up at him, seeing a worry. "Ariana, take a seat. Let's talk for a moment."

"Why? You're just going to make me do something I don’t want…To try and fuck and abuse me… All men do."

"Whoa, whoa! That's not true, sit down and shut up, will you?" He firmly says.

She quietly sits down looking at her feet.

"Ariana, please understand. Not every man is bad, ok?"

"Whatever Brad." Ariana mumbles.

"Well anyway, maybe you didn't like being hanged much. And I'm sorry if that’s the case. I really enjoyed myself.” Brad says. “But you really need to learn to communicate better about things and voice your opinion or preferences."

"I told you to stop, right?" Ariana looks up at him towering over her.

"Yeah I guess you did… But, well, oh fuck it…" He mutters. And to Ariana, "Look, yes I do want to fuck you. I want to fuck your brains out while you're in bondage. I want to have you, as a partner, to own you. And I was very excited to play with you. Finding girls like you is very special, eh, difficult…” He blurts out.

Continuing his frustrated rant, “You’re in a relationship and I shouldn’t. Do you understand how hard it is for me to be a nice friend to you and not overstep a boundary or two if I have such thoughts and feelings? How hard that is for any man?"

She looks shocked at his revelation. "Brad, don’t make their abuse my fau…"

He waves her response away. "Then today you show up like this," he motions at her. "And how can I be the cool casual guy keeping his distance if you look like this and let me tie you up in whatever way I decide?"

She looks down and wonders what's wrong with her outfit. "It's just leggings and a top Brad…"

"It's a 'look-at-my-ass-and-tits-and-drive-me-nuts' outfit!" He assures her.

She shrugs. "Just a cute outfit…" She mumbles. She looks up at him with a new thought.

"Is that why you told me to leave Kate for the week? So you can separate me from her and have me to yourself?"

Brad looks at her surprised and suddenly feels very upset. "If I wanted that, I would have accepted your dumb idea to sleep here. Now get the fuck out of my sight!" He angrily says. "Come back when… No, in fact, never come back. If that's how you think about me, a friend… You fucking lesbian bitches, always hating on men… Just fuck off and leave me alone!"

He immediately regrets his harsh words, but he pulls her up by her arm and shoves her out the door, smacking it shut behind her. He needs to cool off and be alone.

No more sexy submissives allowed in his workshop for the day.

For a moment Ariana feels like crying but she manages to control herself and quietly looks for a taxi. Back in her room at Chloe's house she sends a sorry to Brad and explains she's been betrayed too often by men to not think like that.

He doesn't reply.

‘And I still don’t have the wifi password,’ she thinks with a sigh.

#### 9 - Kate's night out

Kate has been lazy at home all day long. She had a piece of Ariana's excellent lasagna for lunch. And another for dinner. Now she's preparing for a night out.

Prettying herself up for a few drinks and doing some people watching for the evening. She decides on a simple outfit, a pair of dark blue jeans and a gray sweatshirt and a pair or low heels. Her hair goes into a big messy bun.

She grabs a book and heads downstairs into the taxi she requested. She speeds off to the city center and looks for a place to spend her evening. Soon Kate sits in a decent looking bar and orders a glass of wine and a cold plate. Kate looks at the people outside, happy couples strolling by. Some families. She likes people watching. After a while she pulls out her book and forgets the world around her.

The men take notice of the new hottie who has arrived and over the next few hours several drinks are sent to her table and Kate nods absentmindedly to whoever gestures at her thanking them for her drinks.

While reaching for her last slice of salami a man suddenly sits down across from her at her table. She looks up disturbed from her book and sees a kind face smiling at her. "I see you like free drinks. How about another one?"

"Sure… red please." Kate casually says, holding up her glass.

The man waves at the waiter and orders 2 red wines. "So uh, you like wine? Like, do you know wine?"

"I know a bit about wine, yes." Kate says, thinking, what kind of chat-up line is this?

"I bet you didn't know that if someone orders wine for you, you have to talk to the person for at least 20 minutes."

"Is that so?" Kate asks with an amused voice.

"True story." He smiles.

"I'm Kate," She holds out her hand.

"Joey Tribulana" Joey says. "Nice to meet you."

"Tribulana…" Kate starts. "The funny guy from Friends?"

"Eh, no…" Joey doesn't get it. "So you're here alone?" He asks.

Kate nods. "But you have to know a few things before you try to take me home…"

"Oh? You used to be a man?"

"No…" She frowns at him, missing his joke. "I… Have a girlfriend. I'm not single. And I'm not here to pick up a guy."

"Ehhhh, ok… Why are you here then?" Joey wants to know. Kate holds up her glass again and shows her book. "That bad huh?" He smirks.

"No, just taking some time off from the world."

Their wine arrives and Joey tries to get to know Kate. He keeps on prying and talking about wine and all kinds of stuff and Kate goes along with it. When the bar closes at 1AM he calls her a cab and they go their separate ways.

Coming home a bit wobbly on her legs she finds his card in her purse and wonders who Joey Tribulana is. Already forgotten the name of her chatty friend from earlier.

The next morning she wakes up with a bit of a hangover and sees a message on her phone from an unknown number, praising her for being excellent and smart last night and invites her to meet again that afternoon if she's free.

'Who's this?' She sends back.

'Match the number with my card in your wallet.' Comes the reply.

Kate remembers the card and types, 'Joey?'

'Bingo!' Comes his reply.

Kate shakes her head and sighs.

'So wanna meet later on? I can show you my wine collection if you like. And I've got plenty more to drink too…'

Feeling daring she accepts his invitation and he sends his address asking her to be there around 5PM.

‘Never saw a private wine collection,’ she thinks. ‘That'll be fun.’

Ariana meanwhile finally managed to get the wifi password and tries to do some work. She also sends Kate many messages asking her how she's doing and if she can come home early. She's very lonely today and her stint with Brad upset her greatly.

She needs comforting. But there is no reply from Kate.

Crying softly on her bed Ariana feels ignored and alone. Chloe has to work every day and when she's home she's just as tired as Kate.

She soon nods off and sleeps through the day ignoring her work and everything around her.

That evening Chloe tells Ariana she should make dinner if she wants to do something. Ariana doesn't feel like cooking, but Chloe tells her to just do it as it'll take her mind off of things.

Ariana gives in and makes a spicy curry with rice for them. Much to Chloe’s enjoyment.

Kate lazes around on her balcony, eating sandwiches with ham and ketchup. Still feeling like eating more she eats all the ham straight from the packet. And enjoys the view and stares over the city.

She misses Ariana, but at the same time is completely at ease with her quiet little world today. Her hangover is almost gone too.

At around 3PM she takes a quick shower and prepares for Joey's big wine adventure. Today she borrows Ariana her short black dress and picks matching black underwear. She wears her black heels and tries to make a big braid but it ends up being off center. Shrugging she heads downstairs and drives to the address Joey gave her.

She ends up in front of a large old boring looking commercial building. Staring up at the faded paint a feeling of unease creeps up to her.

‘This is no apartment building,’ she thinks.

She messages Joey telling him she's out front but thinks she's in the wrong place.

Moments later a window opens on the 2nd floor and Joey sticks his head and arm out, waving at her. Somewhat relieved, she enters the old building. And climbs the stairs.

Joey waits at the door and Kate looks around frowning at the dated look of the building. The hallways are not overly clean. His 'apartment' barely has any furniture and really is just a cheaply converted office space.

She assumes that whoever made this, joined 2 or 3 offices into an apartment, creating a living room, bedroom and bathroom kind of deal.

"Hi Joey," She greets him, not impressed so far.

"Hey Katiekate!" He calls out.

"Just Kate please." She hates the wordplay and only ever tolerates it from her friend Garret. She then asks, "I thought you had a stately home or something, but you're hiding your wine here?"

"Actually, my collection isn't that large, or much of a collection at all." He laughs.

Kate feels cheated but smiles innocently at Joey. "Alright, but it's good wine, right? Some special bottle at least?"

Joey shakes his head and leads her into his living space motioning for her to sit on the couch.

"I'm cooking dinner. Grilled salmon with cream sauce." He says.

"Oh?" Kate didn't realize she had a dinner date. "I ehh only came to view your collection, really." Kate says trying to be nice.

Joey looks at her, "You don't like salmon?"

"I don't like being lied to…" Kate says.

"Just you wait my dear." And he walks into what she assumes is the kitchen.

Kate looks around for a moment and sees no hint of any wine collection and decides she doesn't want this 'date'. Saying nothing Kate quietly leaves Joey's building, speeding away in her car angry at herself for being so stupid.

On her way home she goes through the Burger King drive-through and thinks it's just like Ariana always says. Can't trust guys.

She spends the rest of her free days in bed, on the balcony and on the couch reading books and watching movies. Doing nothing useful the whole time. And it's great, almost, she wishes Ariana was around… she misses her.

She doesn’t miss her work at all, in fact she hasn’t thought about work for a single moment.

#### 10 - Cosplay

Today Ariana feels like snooping around and enters the forbidden bedroom of Chloe again. The cosplay outfits have been on her mind and she’s going to look at them again.

Pulling out the combat suit from Ghost in the Shell she feels the almost smooth material and Ariana quietly moans to herself. It feels so nice, it’s exciting.

“So cool…” Ariana gasps again, admiring the details in the outfit once more.

Without thinking about it she quickly strips down to her underwear and starts putting on the outfit but the bodysuit doesn’t fit at all. Clearly Chloe has a different size as her. The waist is too loose and the arms and legs are too long. Looking in a mirror, it looks sloppy and dumb.

Disappointed she looks at the other outfits and considers trying on the latex outfit but that doesn’t really appeal to her. The rubbery, almost sticky feel, of latex is strange to her.

Stripping out of the outfit she puts it back in the closet and pulls out the white latex suit.

‘Oh screw it, I’ll try it anyway…’ She mumbles.

Holding it up it looks tiny, ‘this must fit…’ She thinks.

The latex is not slippery at all and sticks to her legs. Not sure how that works the best she can think of is to wear her leggings and a tight top underneath. Now the strange material glides on more easily.

30 minutes later Ariana gawks at her tiny frame in the mirror, smoothing out some wrinkles and trying to do up the zipper in the back.

She can’t believe her waist is so narrow and accentuated and her arms so thin and her legs so shapely. But mostly she’s amazed with how tight yet flexible the material is.

‘So weird and amazing’ Ariana thinks with a smirk.

She’s turning and turning in front of the mirror looking at herself from every angle.

Walking little circles and feeling the latex stretch around her. When she bends over she feels it work around her butt. And she wonders why she never…

The front door slams shut and Chloe calls out she brought pizzas.

Ariana looks startled at the bedroom door where Chloe appears a moment later, stopping dead in her tracks.

“Chloe, hey…” Ariana says with a small voice. “I uh… I’m sorry… I couldn’t resist.”

Chloe looks at Ariana with an angry look on her face. Partly because her secret is out. Partly because Ariana went into her room.

“What the hell are you doing in here…” She finally asks.

Ariana ignores the question and instead exclaims, “This is so amazing… Where did you get Motoko’s outfit?”

“Who? What?” Chloe looks puzzled for a moment. “Oh, that’s Togusa’s suit, not Motoko. I cosplay him… Why are you in my room!?” She demands again.

“I’m sorry, I was just curious… And then I saw these… Sorry.” Ariana looks guilty at her feet.

Chloe grumbles, “Take it off, that’s not yours to wear.”

She steps forward to reach for the zipper in Ariana’s neck. Ariana fumbles with the outfit and 10 minutes later she watches Chloe inspect it for damages and smooth out all the wrinkles and kinks before carefully putting it back in the closet.

“Do you go to shows with that?” Ariana carefully asks.

Chloe looks upset at Ariana. “No, this is my private hobby! Will you stay out of my room?!”

“But…”

“But what? Don’t you understand what you did?” Chloe scolds her.

“No, but it’s cosplay… You should show it to people.” Ariana doesn’t quite get the problem other than that she intruded on Chloes privacy.

“I can’t… And don’t come in here again.” Chloe dismisses her.

“Sorry Chloe. I’m sorry.” Ariana turns and heads for the door. And from the hallway, “You should show your cosplay though, if you like it so much, I would.”

Chloe says nothing and is busy neatening up her closet.

Ariana sits on her bed with her legs pulled up. She’s looking out the window thinking about what just happened. ‘Chloe is very protective of her outfits. She never saw her acting this weird.’ She thinks.

A knock on the door, “Hey, you’re in here? Pizza is getting cold. If you want some…”

Chloe sounds like nothing happened.

Ariana emerges from the room and follows Chloe to the dining area where 2 large pizza boxes and a bottle of coca cola await.

“So uh, you really like it huh?” Ariana starts.

“Like what?”

“Cosplay… Your secret passion?”

Chloe’s face lights up, “Yes. I love it. Asuka is my favorite character to play.”

“Asuka?” Ariana wonders.

“From Evangeleon, the red one… Did you wear that one too?” Chloe's face darkens.

“No, honestly, just the white one and the one from Ghost in the Shell. It didn’t fit.”

Chloe hmms, relieved she didn’t wear her Asuka outfit.

“Promise you won’t ever touch my Asuka…” Chloe sounds threatening.

“Yea ok. I’m not allowed in anyway, right?” Ariana mutters.

"Damn straight, stay out!”

The two look at each other and burst into a laugh, finally breaking the tension.

“I never liked Evangeleon much anyway,” Ariana admits. “Ghost in the Shell is the best. Especially Motoko. She’s so cool, I wish I could be her some times.”

“Why be a cyborg if you can be Togusa, the charming family man…” Chloe wonders.

“Cyborgs are cool…” Ariana argues. “Or she is anyway.”

‘No good match.’ Ariana thinks, seeing Chloe disagree with her eyes.

They finish their dinner in silence and Ariana feels like being alone afterwards.

The next day Ariana can’t resist and inspects the Asuka catsuit, she’d been wondering all evening why Chloe is so protective of it.

At first glance it just looks like an orangey-red latex catsuit, but then she notices something weird and stares at the two stubby little dildos in the crotch.

‘Ehh… ok…’ Ariana thinks, and she feels horny at the thought of wearing something so tight and being filled with dildos.

“That’s why…” She mumbles, and shyly puts the suit back the way she found it.

That evening Chloe is grumpy and smells like old laundry. Ariana really wants to talk about the cosplay outfits some more but can’t think of a way to bring it up without admitting she snuck into Chloe’s bedroom and the two go mostly silent through the evening only commenting on the movie they watch or on what to eat the next day.

#### 11 - Back home

Chloe and Ariana in the end have an OK time together. Chloe figures out that Ariana obeys her without argument if she bosses her around, kinda like her cleaning crew does at work. She doesn’t especially look forward to going home while Ariana is there, but as Ariana starts to do some chores she allows herself to be lazy around home, which is nice.

Ariana is a good cleaner and cook, she considers. So she lets her house be taken over by her silly friend. Only wishing she would shut up about Kate. Chloe soon discovers it's very convenient to have a servant, or ‘housegirl’, as she playfully calls Ariana in her head.

Ariana meanwhile doesn't mind doing all these little tasks for Chloe, she likes to cook and enjoys her walks to the nearby supermarket. And seeing how tired Chloe is every day, she thinks she's being useful.

She does miss Kate every hour of the day, and every day she sends a few messages to her. But there is no reply.

Very frustrating.

On the evening of the 5th day the 2 women go for some window shopping and people watching which is fun. Ariana treats Chloe for dinner with fried rice and dumplings. Chloe makes sure to remember the restaurant as she likes the food a lot.

On the morning of the 6th day Ariana can't stand it any longer Kate is still ignoring her and she begs Chloe to bring her home.

Choe quietly lets out a sigh of relief and is happy to get 'Ariana the house girl' out of her house. Promising herself to never have her come over again.

Chloe gets ready for work while Ariana packs her things and the women jump into Chloe's car and Chloe drives her home.

"Wanna come in and say hi?" Ariana asks Chloe when they arrive.

"No, that's fine. I'll see Kate at work and talk to her then." Chloe is already tired and is looking forward to having Garret, her boyfriend, around for the evening. She had put off seeing him all week because of Ariana.

"Oh, Ok. See you later then." And Ariana leaves the car and disappears in the building. Forgetting to thank Chloe.

‘Finally…’ Chloe thinks. ‘And not even a thank you. What a nutcase.’ She likes Ariana as a friend but doesn't understand how Kate can live with her.

‘Only to be enjoyed in small amounts,’ she thinks. She messages Garret she's free that night and will be home around 6. His reply comes less than a minute later, promising he'll be there with food.

He too is looking forward to seeing his girlfriend.

Over the last few days Ariana had forced Brad out of her mind, believing he was going to abuse her anyway if she kept going there. Or would he? The thought pesters her.

He doesn’t reply to her chat anymore…

She sighs and pushes the button for the elevator.

Maybe Brad overstepped her limit of comfort a little in his excitement to find a hot bondage friend but he never had any bad intent with Ariana.

While Ariana waits for the elevator the concierge catches up with her. "Hey Ariana, you're back?" He greets her.

"Oh, hello!" Ariana looks at the old man with excited eyes.

"Happy to be home, hm? Did you have a nice trip?" The old man asks, seeing her excited eyes.

"I'm going to Kate!" Ariana exclaims with an enthusiasm he wishes his wife would show him.

"Eh, ok… well, welcome back I suppose." The concierge smirks at her excited energy.

Ariana zooms up in the elevator and storms into her home calling out Kate's name. Kate peeks around the bedroom door with sleepy eyes surprised at seeing Ariana home so early. "Oh hi sweetie, you're home early."

"Early, it’s been 6 days…” Ariana replies.

"Oh, really?" Kate completely lost track of time.

"Yeah! I missed you so much! How was your week? Did you have fun? Are you better now?" Ariana rapid fires questions at Kate.

"Yea it was alright, I slept a lot and did nothing important." Kate smirks. "It felt reaaaalllly good."

"So you're fixed now? Did you miss me?"

"I have missed you every day sweetie." Kate sighs with a smile. "Come let's lie down, I'm sleepy."

Ariana follows Kate feeling something is different. But she doesn't want to ask Kate so says nothing for now. The women lie down together in bed cuddling for a long while before Ariana can't stand it any longer. Ariana cautiously asks Kate why she still feels down.

She’s feeling a great sadness in Kate.

Kate tells her she learned a great deal about Ariana's feelings from her book she says.

"Oh?" Ariana says, puzzled.

"I think I understand you better now and it makes me a little sad," Kate whispers in Ariana's ear.

"Why? From a book about me?" Ariana asks. She looks at Kate puzzled for a moment but then snuggles up against her girlfriend. "Whatever, we're together again. Tell me about what you did." She doesn't want to talk about herself and her past.

"Nothing to tell really, I stayed home and did nothing. Your lasagna was great!" After a few moments Kate says, "I read in my book that many women who were abused become really dependent on whoever cares for them."

Ariana tenses up and says nothing.

"Is that why you're so dependent on me?" Kate asks.

"I really love you Kate." Ariana says feeling uneasy.

"Yes, but isn't that interesting? Imagine if someone else would have come to your house 2 years ago instead of me…"

"Kate, please. I… dunno…" Ariana falls quiet.

"I'm glad I'm the one who found you though." Kate continues. "What if some guy would have taken you in and again turned out to be an abuser? John for example."

Ariana kicks backwards hitting Kate in her shins. "Stop it Kate! I don't want to talk about it."

"Why does that make you so uncomfortable sweetie?" Kate cautiously asks.

"I don't know, but can we drop it?" Ariana sounds upset now.

Kate starts to think the book is bullshit. Ariana is not receptive at all to her newfound knowledge and understanding. She sighs. "I'm sorry Ariana. I just thought it was a smart book…"

Ariana says nothing but presses herself closer to Kate. "Just love me Kate, who cares about some stupid book? Or my past and how screwed up I am…" She whispers.

"You're not screwed up sweetie. You're just you."

Ariana mmpfs, but says nothing.

"Something else I learned this week…" Kate starts.

"Kate! No!"

"Ariana!" Kate says sternly, "It's important you hear this."

"I'll kick you if you talk about my past again." Ariana threatens.

Kate ignores the threat and continues, "I think I did wrong to send you away."

"You think?" Ariana growls a bit more angry sounding than she intended.

"Yes. I thought I needed a break from you. But I think I need a break from work more."

"So quit. Go do something fun instead." Ariana tells her. "Chloe is all fucked up from work too."

"Yes, that's what I'm thinking too." Kate says, "Why? What's wrong with Chloe?"

"She has the same tired look in her eyes as you. And she had me do chores. And we argued about anime and cosplay."

Kate thinks about that for a moment. "She was mean to you?"

"No… But she’s stressed out and a super anime nerd but not in a fun way, we didn’t agree on anything."

Kate frowns. "What else?"

"She wanted me to cook for her, and do errands."

"And you did all that?"

"I don't mind Kate." Ariana whispers. "I always cook for you too, and she looked so tired."

Kate hmms, but says nothing, thinking Chloe has been a bad host. After a minute or so, "Did you have fun with her?"

"It's OK. We watched movies every day… It was a bit boring really." And after a few moments of thought "But I think she doesn't like me much anymore. Maybe I overwhelmed her too?"

"Why do you say that?" Kate asks.

"Well, ehh…" Ariana thinks back to being caught wearing Chloe’s cosplay. “We eh… just argued about stuff.”

Kate squeezes Ariana causing her to gasp. "I bet you intruded on her life too much, or mentioned me too often…" And laughs, thinking, ‘Poor Chloe.’

The next day back at work Kate catches Chloe to thank her for the previous week. "Did you have fun turning Ariana into your servant?" She asks.

"Oh, she told you about that?" Chloe asks, looking caught.

"She's not your little slave ok?" Kate smiles at her.

"I know, I know… She just wouldn't shut up about you, so at first I just gave her some stuff to do to distract her. And it got a bit out of hand."

Kate shakes her head. "Well, she said she didn't mind. So no harm done I guess."

"Right," Chloe continues, "Anyway, she’s a sweetheart and you should never let her go. She's absolutely crazy about you. But she's also nuts and I won't babysit her in the future. Way too nosy and intense for my liking."

Kate nods and thanks her again for taking the time. "I'll make it up to you some time." She promises Chloe.

#### 12 - Quitting her job

Over the next few days Kate feels very unhappy at work. She didn't miss her duties for a second and hates getting back to them. A sudden realization sets in that her stress problem isn't Ariana on top of her work. It's just her work.

She talks about it with Ariana who doesn't see the problem, in fact she thinks it's rather simple.

“Don't do something if you hate it,” is her clever answer.

And while right, the solution isn't that simple. How will she pay her mortgage without a job? So she can't just up and leave.

Ariana doesn't care for such worldly issues and thinks she should just quit and they'll figure it out as always and once again suggests that Kate comes to work at home with her.

Kate isn't too sure about that idea as she always had a stable job before. Doing freelance work as a main source of income seems unreliable and scary to her.

Ariana probes Kate to see if she still can do accounting and similar office stuff, which appears to be the case and in her own time tries to come up with an idea to get Kate to work with her on contracts. If they can increase her job count by half her average that'll be enough money for the both of them she thinks and Kate will be 'saved'.

About a week after going back to work, Kate comes home without her uniform.

"Hey Kate, where is your uniform?" Ariana asks surprised, looking at her strange outfit.

"I uh, left it at the hotel…"

"And your outfit? It looks 2nd hand." Ariana asks, laughing at the orange and pink striped shirt and nearly black cargo pants.

Kate never wears mismatched clothes like this.

"It is, stuff from lost and found. Just to get home. I quit."

"Oh? Really?" Ariana smiles broadly, hugging her tightly.

Kate buries her face in Ariana's neck. "Yes, I'm taking your advice. We'll figure something out."

"You're so brave Kate," Ariana whispers.

"No, I don’t think so…" Kate says flatly. "We'll see if I'm stupid or brave soon enough."

"I think it's brave. Why did you quit? Did something happen?"

Kate starts explaining, "I was talking to a couple of guests in the hotel. They wanted the quietest rooms we have because they're not used to the city noise. Making smalltalk I asked them if they're from some place rural, but they live in a motorhome. A converted school bus."

"Oh?" Ariana says. Not making the connection.

"Look," Kate says, showing Ariana a picture of a grey and black school bus kind of vehicle.

They have moved to the couch and Ariana looks over her shoulder at Kate's phone.

"What's that?"

"That's their home…" Kate says.

"A bus?"

"Camper, or RV…" Kate corrects her. "Something just clicked the way they said it. I want that kind of life too."

"Eh, ok…" Ariana mutters. "But where do you park?"

"Anywhere… Don't you get it? It's a working bus. They can live in a national park. Or drive to California… And if they're bored, drive to Quebec via Calgary… And they can spend all year doing it if they want to."

"Ohhh," Ariana's eyes start twinkling. "Remember, we talked about moving abroad?"

"Yes! And it's about damn time I do something about that." Kate assures Ariana.

"Uh-huh…" Ariana says. "And me?"

"You're coming with me of-course." Kate tells her.

"No discussion?" Ariana asks suspiciously.

"No discussion. You’re mine!" Kate winks at Ariana.

"Just make sure it's a nice bus… I want a couch and a kitchen in it." Ariana starts making demands.

Kate laughs, thinking their lives will be fine. "Go make dinner Ariana, I have some crap to sort out for work and we'll talk about it more soon."

"Yes boss!" Ariana exclaims. "Spaghetti?"

"Something asian if you don't mind." Kate suggests.

And with that Ariana heads to the kitchen to see if she can make something with rice for dinner.

Kate grabs her other uniform and stuffs it in a bag. Some papers that need signing she signs and she writes her formal letter of resignation stating she won't come back to work due to personal issues. Knowing that her sudden departure will forfeit most of her built-up benefits.

During dinner Kate explains her idea better. She wants to get a bus or camper van, or something similar, and spend all her time with Ariana and out in nature, or as much as possible. They'll disconnect from city life and try to make a happier and more relaxed life that way.

Ariana likes the sound of that but wonders about Kate's work and asks what she'll do? Kate doesn’t know. She then proceeds to explain the simple math she came up with. If they can make about $170 a day on average it's enough to replace Kate's current salary and then they'll be fine, she thinks.

Kate never thought of it like that but agrees to the logic.

The next day Kate heads to work for the last time. She actually has to finish out the week but she's not going to. Delivering her papers, the 2nd uniform, she talks to her former boss and that's the end of it. A huge load slides off her shoulders as she exits the office.

She says goodbye to Chloe, who aside from wishing her well doesn't seem to care all that much. Over the last week she has kept her distance and has been less talkative to Kate. Maybe Ariana has soured their friendship a bit too much? Kate briefly thinks. But decides not to ask. She'll probably never see Chloe again, they’re mostly just work buddies…

The maintenance crew chief says he'll miss working with Kate and if she ever needs anything, all she has to do is call. She thanks Martin and hugs him goodbye. He repeats that she just has to call if she needs him and he'll see what he can do.

He had always appreciated Kate’s practical and professional approach to things, especially keeping the guests away from him and his men so they could work. It was the perfect work balance for a hotel. Not to mention seeing her casual attractiveness and the way she moved around always helped cheering up his day.

#### 13 - Meeting Ariana's mother

As Kate wraps things up at work her phone pings and Ariana asks her if she can come home quickly. Not replying Kate breaks off her goodbyes and hurries home thinking something bad has happened but her worries are for nothing.

Ariana has a visitor, a woman who looks like an older version of Ariana, but with a few strands of grey hair.

"Kate! Kate!" Ariana calls out hearing her come in. "Look who's here, my mom!!"

Kate stands in the hallway, uncertain what's going on. Over the last 2 years Ariana never had a visitor. She rarely even mentioned her mother. "Eh, hello?" She stammers unprepared.

The Japanese woman gets up and looks disapproving at Kate but introduces herself by saying, "Hello, I'm Fusa-san. Ariana's mother." She has a terrible accent.

"Oh right, hello Fusasan. I'm Kate. Nice to finally meet you." Mispronouncing her name, including the honorific as part of it. Kate holds out her hand but Fusa doesn't take it. Seeing her refusal Kate says, "Eh, give me a minute, I'll put away my jacket and purse."

Fusa sits back down and looks disappointed after Kate as she walks away. She hushes to Ariana, "I thought you're living with a man…"

Kate hears this as she walks away and tenses up hearing the tone of Ariana's mother.

"No mom, I told you already. Kate is a woman."

"Where is your husband?"

"I don't have a husband. I love Kate." Ariana explains for the 3rd time that morning.

“You’re 23, daughter, you should be married by now.” Her mom scoffs.

“I’m 25 mom… I’ll marry Kate when she's ready for it.” Ariana defends herself.

"Ariana?" Kate calls out. "Can you help me for a second?" Ariana rushes to Kate in the bedroom and sees Kate sit on their bed with a frown. "What's this?" Kate wants to know.

"I don't know Kate, she suddenly called this morning insisting that we meet."

"But she abandoned you ages ago. Why is she here?" Kate says suspiciously.

Fusa had abandoned her daughter after she broke up with Matt, her abusive first boyfriend, Ariana had really needed her emotional support and instead was told to sort out her life and not contact her mother until she did. That was almost 8 years ago. Kate knows about this betrayal and while never mentioning it she knows it hindered Ariana emotionally in a big way ever since.

Ariana nods. "But she's back now…"

Kate warns her, "She already doesn't approve of me Ariana, don't get your hopes up ok?"

"Yea it's like with Chloe, she doesn't want to hear you're my partner." Ariana smirks.

"Ariana! That's not funny!" Kate shushes her with an upset tone. "Please find out what she wants so we can get on with it."

"Kate! Don't be so suspicious. She's my mother."

"Ariana, please listen to me. People don't just show up out of nowhere after many years just for fun. She wants something from you. Please find out what it is. Is she staying for dinner? For the night? Or what?"

Ariana sits quiet for a moment thinking about Kate's words before giving her a quick kiss whispering she loves her and will find out and heads back to the living room.

Kate doesn't like the situation one bit and only feels anger towards Fusa.

However, she also recognizes it as an important moment for Ariana and hopes it'll be a good thing Fusa showed up. Remembering all too well how distraught she herself felt when her own parents disowned her when she told them she fell in love with a woman.

Joining the 2 women in the living room shortly after, she reintroduces herself as Ariana's partner and sits down next to Ariana.

Ariana asks if Kate wants a drink, "Eh, sure, wine please. Thanks." Kate says.

Ariana's mom, Fusa, says nothing and just looks at Kate with her dark eyes. When Ariana is out of the room she quietly says "I always want a husband for my Ariana."

"She tried, but instead found me…" Kate says.

"Women should marry men…" Fusa grumbles.

The two sit quietly as Ariana comes back. She sees the upset look in both their eyes and puts Kate her wine down sitting next to Kate, leaning heavily into her. Kate wraps her arm around Ariana's shoulders pulling her close while looking at Ariana's mother, daring her to protest but Fusa says nothing. Kate sips her wine and squeezes Ariana close, "Thanks sweetie."

Ariana looks nervously from her mother to Kate and back as they clearly are having some sort of power play going on between them.

Her mother then says "Watashi wa anata no josei ga kiraidesu, Ariana! Motto kenmei ni sentaku subekidesu." *(I don't like your woman, Ariana! You should choose more wisely.)*

"English mom. Don't say that. I love her, she's the best ever. My hero." Ariana says with downcast eyes.

Unfazed Fusa continues, "Anata wa sukoshi mo kawatte imasen yo ne? Anata wa ima dono yō ni riyō sa rete imasu ka?" *(You haven't changed a bit have you? How are you being taken advantage of now?)*

Ariana looks shocked at the accusation but says nothing.

"What is she saying?" Kate wants to know. And to Fusa, "What are you saying?"

Ariana rubs her cheek on Kate's shoulder indicating a 'no'. Fusa says nothing, but nods at seeing the 2 women clearly struggling with her position on the matter.

Kate quickly has enough of this, "Look, if you have something to say about me do it in English and be upfront about it."

"Wakatta" *(I see)* She slowly says. And then in English, "I do not approve of my daughter destroying her life with you or her bad men before you."

Kate sits there stunned for a moment and then replies, "Says the mother who abandoned her daughter when she needed her the most? What kind of person does that?" She snaps back. And continues, "I think you better leave now and never come back."

"Kate no!?" Ariana calls out, "Please…"

"Come on Ariana if she just comes here to insult us she can leave for all I care…" Kate argues with her.

Ariana gets up and pulls Kate into the kitchen. "Please try to understand, she expected me to find a husband and I promised her I would."

"So? Now you have me. She won't have it. End of story. Please get rid of her if she can't be normal."

"Please Kate, try to understand her." Ariana pleads, and then, "If you want, just stay here and I'll talk to her."

"Or go to the coffee shop around the corner, have your moment there." Kate dismisses them.

Ariana looks hurt. "Kate… Please…"

Kate pulls Ariana close for a tight hug and whispers to her. "I'm sorry sweetie. I was planning on looking at our future today, find a bus or something, and now that bi… she… is here getting in the way with her nastiness. I'm not prepared nor do I have energy for it right now."

Ariana nods. "Please, stay in here, I'll get your laptop and things. What do you need?" "My laptop, but I'll get it. Go be with your mom." Kate encourages her.

"Thanks Kate!" Ariana looks vulnerable at Kate.

Kate stares into her big eyes and can't resist kissing her intensely. Her hand wandering over her lover's breasts before ending on her butt and squeezing her tight. "I love you babe. Don't let your mom get in the way, ok?" She finally mutters.

"Yes Kate. I love you too!" Ariana smiles timidly. She wiggles free from Kate and heads back to her mom and they catch up about the last few years.

It turns out her mother is mostly here to say goodbye. She had stalled with smalltalk to meet Ariana's husband. She expected Ariana to finally have made a home for herself with a decent man. Seeing her ideals vanish discovering her daughter turned into a lesbian she is very disappointed. She lets up a little bit seeing how Ariana keeps defending her choice and insists she loves Kate and is not being exploited but she won't agree with her daughter's life choices.

Kate hears this from the kitchen and shakes her head in frustration. She wishes she could kick the woman off the edge of the balcony.

Fusa is going back to Japan in a few days, she found a man online last year and they met a few times on his business trips and now she is going to join him in Japan and marry the guy. Ariana asks if she can come to the wedding but her mom says it's not possible. This greatly upsets Ariana and she insists on going.

Her mom doesn’t want to hear it and tells her to stay here. Soon after she says her farewell to her daughter leaving Ariana a sobbing mess for Kate to deal with.

Kate has heard bits and pieces of what was said in the living room, something about a wedding and Ariana pleading with her mom to stay or something. She shakes her head at the drama unfolding in her living room. Ariana's mom is a massive bitch she thinks. Showing up after how many years only to tear her daughter's life up immediately. What a terrible person.

She should make Ariana hers. Kate thinks. Settle their love once and for all and give her a new semblance of family.

A plan forms in Kate’s head.

#### 14 - Planning the future

After the visit of her mother, Ariana feels very depressed for a few days. Doubting herself and her life choices.

Kate has to try very hard to convince her that her mom is an idiot and she can do whatever she wants. Meanwhile she quietly curses Fusa for her terrible attitude towards her daughter.

Ariana is also upset that her mother refused to let her come to her wedding. "Why would she not want me at her wedding?" She sobs repeatedly to Kate.

Kate imagines it's because she doesn't want to show a lesbian daughter to her new family. This causes Ariana to cry even more.

After a few days Kate has enough of it and tells Ariana to shut up and 'man up' or she'll do it for her.

Ariana stares at Kate, "What do you mean?"

"Well, you were fine last week, then your bitch mother showed up and you've been messed up since. I'm tired of it." Kate tells her.

"Kate, you'd be upset too." She looks at Kate with a hurt look.

"I was, and you never even noticed it…" Kate assures her. Then continues, "So, be strong and forget about her and focus on yourself, on us!"

Ariana looks confused. "Where are your parents Kate? You never even mentioned them…" Realizing Kate never talked about them.

"I don't know, or care. Not anymore." Kate replies harshly.

"Ehh, what? Why?" Ariana still looks confused.

Kate scoots closer to Ariana reaching out to her, wrapping her arms around Ariana. "They're like your mom sweetie. They don't want a lesbian daughter." Kate whispers.

"Oh Kate, that's terrible… What are we going to do?" Ariana cries out.

Kate thinks for a second and says, "Nothing, fuck 'em." Then she continues, "And fuck your mom too. She made her choice. You're clearly not welcome in her life."

"But Kate, they're our parents." Ariana whispers. "How can you say that?"

"Trust me babe, it gets easier after a while. But please stop feeling sorry for yourself, it’s not worth it." Kate promises her.

"Yes, ok. I’ll try." Ariana timidly says.

"Well then… Do you truly love me Ariana?"

Ariana snaps her head around to look at Kate. "Of-course!" She calls out. And more softly, "Don't leave me Kate. I really really, really love you and have nowhere to go without you…"

Kate nods with a smile. "See, we don't need those fools. All we need is each other."

After a few moments Kate tells Ariana to go get her collar. Ariana gets up and looks at Kate puzzled. "Do it girl, for me?" Kate looks sternly at her.

Ariana bows her head, "Yes boss." She's super not in the mood for games or bondage.

A minute later she gets back with the collar Brad made in her hand and sits back down next to Kate.

"Put it on." Kate tells her.

Ariana says nothing and clicks her collar in place. Fidgeting with it to get comfortable.

"I want you to wear it tonight." Kate orders her.

"Yes boss…" Ariana gasps her reply. "But why?"

"You're mine. I want you to be mine. Simply because I love you more than anything." Kate states matter of factly.

Ariana looks at Kate with nervous eyes and whispers. "I know… but…"

Kate looks at her lover with a smile and says much friendlier, "Babe, my love…" Kate starts, she’s lost in Ariana’s eyes which look at her nervously, filled with sad uncertainty.

Ariana’s mind is in turmoil. Is Kate about to ask her to become her submissive or something? She can sense something important is happening but she’s terrified to find out.

"Kate? What's happening? What ehh, what are you doing?" Ariana asks with a trembling voice.

"Look at me sweetie." Kate holds her hand. "I've been thinking about us. Our crazy lives and strong bond and it's time we get serious. Don't you think so?" Kate says looking up at Ariana.

Ariana looks at Kate and starts, "Ehh… With the collar? I'll be your servant. Your sla…"

Kate shakes her head. That's not the answer she's looking for right now.

"You want us to marry?" Ariana carefully asks.

Kate nods, "Please think carefully and you don't have to answer now. But yes, if you'll have me…” Kate takes a deep breath. “Will you marr…"

Ariana lunges forward and throws herself onto Kate. "Yes, oh yes! Kate!! I do, I want! Finally! I thought you would never ask!"

Kate is overwhelmed by Ariana's strong and borderline irrational response. She almost falls backwards as Ariana lands on her. Her face buried in her neck as she hugs Kate.

"Kate, oh my Kate… I've waited so long for you to ask." Ariana cries, but this time they’re happy tears.

"You've wanted this for some time?" Kate asks, she had no idea.

"Yes Kate. Ever since Miami, you cared for me so much and you stood up for me to Dana and Sheila and I've been thinking about it ever since." Ariana says with a dreamy voice.

"That's more than a year ago, you never even hinted at it sweetie. I had no idea…" Kate says, feeling inadequate.

Ariana leans back with tears of happiness. "Marry me Kate, make me truly yours. Please."

Kate smiles at her fiancé. "I will sweetie. I will. We'll be the best couple ever. Right?"

Ariana nods through her happy tears and leans forward onto Kate hugging her tightly, kissing her neck.

"I have another question for you." Kate says softly.

"Anything my love. Anything for you." Ariana whispers.

"But I want you to think about it." Kate says. "Promise you don't rush your answer."

"What is it Kate? Just tell me…" Ariana breathes.

Kate feels nervous again, uncertain perhaps. She starts, "Well. When we get married. It can just be that or we can have it symbolize you…"

Ariana interrupts, she knows what Kate wants to say, "No Kate, it's not just our marriage. It's me belonging to you. I'll be anything you want, your wife, servant, friend, property… Whatever. Just keep me close and I'll make you happy!"

Kate sits dumbfounded for a moment, wondering why she's always stumbling after the fact when others know what needs to be done or said. Then Kate says softly, "Ariana, think about that. It's a big decision."

"I've made my choice a long time ago, Kate. You're the one I belong to. It's time you finally realize that and make up your mind." Ariana mumbles, nestling her head more firmly into Kate's neck. "Never screw me over Kate. Promise! And I'll be whatever you want me to be."

"Ehh, you're sure?" Kate is lost for words.

She feels Ariana nod in her neck.

"I'm not a good dominant right? Remember?" Kate weakly protests.

"We'll figure It out, boss." Ariana softly says.

Kate feels elated by Ariana's hasty reply to marry her. And it scares her like nothing before. She feels emboldened by Ariana's willingness to submit to her even though she knows it's probably going to be a crap experience. Or no experience at all, if it doesn't work out.

‘Ariana really is the best,’ Kate thinks. She’s humbled by such a devoted lover. Unsure if she can return that kind of love. But then, Ariana had not even hesitated to accept her, so maybe she's not doing as bad as she thinks.

"When? Kate? Hey? When do we make it real? Can we go tomorrow? Or how does that work? Who will we invite? Do you think your parents will come?" Kate hears Ariana's questions as if she's in a different room.

Coming back to reality Kate leans Ariana back a bit so she can see her face. "Do you want a real wedding? With friends and family? Some kind of party?"

Ariana shakes her head. "I don't know who to invite… Mom won’t come anyway." Her face darkens.

"Right, me neither. Lisa of-course. Maybe Chloe and Garret? But I don't really know how marriage works… Where to go and stuff." Kate says.

Ariana hmms with a frown, thinking. "But we just go for dinner or something? And isn't marriage just registered at city hall?"

They don't know and with the practicalities dawning on them they sit silent for a few moments.

"Hey, did you plan this for long?" Ariana asks.

Kate looks at her caught. "No, well. Something your mom said suddenly made it clear for me. That you're 25 and should be married or something? But I've thought about a civil partnership many times before. I don't know. It suddenly felt like the right thing to do." Kate tells her.

Ariana looks at her weird. "So my mom was good for something huh?"

They snigger at each other.

"Yea I guess." Kate thinks with a smile.

Ariana looks up at Kate and smiles back as she focuses on her soon-to-be new name, "Ariana Birch-Inoue, Ariana Inoue-Birch, Ariana Birch."

Much to Kate's amusement.

#### 15 - Barry is an inspiration

The next day Kate tells the happy news to Lisa who, while excited, also voices her doubts on how the 2 will cope long term. She invites Kate over for lunch so she can talk about it.

Kate assures her it'll be fine and they have thought about it plenty and tells Lisa she doesn't want to hear her objections or ruin her fun.

"Still, come for lunch and tell me all about it." Lisa invites her.

Kate agrees, "Sure, shall I bring Ariana?"

"No, no, just you. I want to talk about some practical things." Lisa urges her sister.

Kate frowns into the phone, "She's not stupid you know…"

Lisa shushes Kate, "I know sis, but for this I need to talk to just you." Kate rolls her eyes and says she'll be there in an hour.

Ariana heard Kate say her name on the phone and asks what she's talking about.

Kate grumbles that Lisa wants to talk to her alone and have lunch with her.

"Oh I'm not invited?" Ariana pouts.

Kate strokes Ariana's cheek. "Next time, sweetie. Lisa said it's important that I come alone, I'm not sure why."

Ariana hmms, feeling left out. "Was she at least happy to hear we're getting married?"

"I think she's surprised. But I'm not sure." Kate says.

An hour later Kate sits in the cafe Lisa had invited her to, across the table Lisa and her boyfriend Barry sit. They both look way too serious for the occasion.

Barry is a friendly guy from a previous job Kate worked at. Lisa and him found each other at a party Kate and Ariana had hosted a while ago.

Barry feigns a frown at Kate. "So why would you marry that girl then? Hmm? Explain…"

‘That girl? Geez… what’s with the interrogation?’ Kate thinks, she ignores the mood and simply says “Because I love her of-course."

Barry smiles, "A good answer, I love your sister, too. But we don't rush into such things."

"Ok… And? What does that matter?" Kate grumbles.

Lisa looks up from the menu, "It matters because we’re a normal couple, with normal lives. Ariana is, ehh… different. Lots of history and, uhm… bad stuff."

Kate sits quietly. Not sure what to say. She feels attacked in her happy plan.

Lisa continues, "Look, we're happy for you and that you want to marry her. But you have to carefully consider what that means with someone like Ariana."

Kate says nothing and just stares between the couple.

Barry smiles disarmingly, "We're just a bit worried Kate, don't take it personally."

"Oh, this is very personal Barry, anything else? Or are we done?" Kate replies with a sneer.

Lisa looks sternly at Kate. "Look, Can you calm the fuck down and don’t immediately feel so attacked? Kate? Please? We're trying to tell you something. We're genuinely worried for you ok?”

Kate says nothing and stares into the restaurant.

“Look, you two seemingly always have something crazy going on. Usually something from her past that causes a lot of trouble or drama. She does dangerous or stupid things sometimes. I don't want you to get hurt because of it.” Lisa tries to explain.

Kate still remains quiet.

Lisa continues, “Remember a few weeks ago where you literally kicked her out of the house so you could get some rest? And remember how we found her tied up in the hallway? And that thing with your downstairs neighbour practically raping her? Ex boyfriends popping up every now and then… You lost your job because of her. She almost killed herself in Miami, Kate… And now you want to marry her? C'mon sis, think it through."

Barry's eyes almost pop out of his head hearing all this, he doesn't know half of it. He always thought Ariana was a silly and fun everyday girl. Rebellious if nothing else.

Kate fumes, "I know all that. We have thought it through. Ariana has been waiting for me to finally ask her for over a year. We're ready for this."

"Of-course she is ready." Barry nods. "She probably wants the stable and normal life you provide for her. Her ultimate escape and you have to wonder how genuine her love for you is."

Kate says nothing. A doubt creeps into the back of her head. She thinks back to her book that explained that abuse victims latch onto whoever 'saves' them. She's been the most loyal and dependable partner she ever had. How can that be fake?

"I get what you're saying but you're wrong about Ariana. She's for real. And you'd know that if you lived with her. You said it yourself, remember? She idolizes me or what did you call it?" Kate assures Lisa and Barry, but also herself.

‘Ariana has to be for real,’ Kate thinks. ‘She must be…’

"Alright," Lisa resigns in Kate's conviction. "If you're sure…"

Barry winks at Kate with a smile and says to Lisa, "Go order some cake or something Lisa. Go… Ask them for black forest." He wants her gone for a moment. Lisa looks around for a waiter but Barry urges her to go look at the cakes to make sure the right kind is brought.

As soon as Lisa is out of earshot Barry leans over the table and grabs Kate's hand. "Don't mind her too much. She is scared of everything. Seeing issues that do not exist and all the what-ifs. But ehh… What she said, did all of that happen?”

Kate nods slowly. Not sure what to say.

Barry grins, and then says “Damn… that must be tough… You really saved her then, eh?”

Kate nods again and wishes she would have stayed home. There is nothing of value in this meeting.

She says, "I love her Barry, I want her and only her. She's all I care about. And I'm pretty sure Ariana feels the same way."

"Right, remember our concern, keep it in the back of your head and go get her and be happy." He quietly says. "Did you pick a date yet? Having a party?"

"No." Kate says. "We're not doing a party. Other than you guys we have basically nobody to invite. So we're just going for it soon, just the 2 of us."

"No family? You'll need a witness though," Barry informs her. "For the judge or officiant."

"My family hates me Barry… And Ariana has nobody here either. Her family is in Japan and she doesn't know any of them. I was hoping Lisa would join us. But now I don't know if I want her involved at all." Kate says with a sad voice.

"I'll be your witness, just let me know when and where a few days in advance." Barry assures her. "C'mon cheer up. It’ll all be fine."

Kate looks at Barry for a moment.

"I know, but I’m also scared Barry, really fucking scared." Kate admits and sighs deeply. "Lisa is right, you know? Ariana has a terrible past with boyfriends. And she wants to give herself to me. I kinda want it too. But I know I suck at it. I don't know what to do with her other than love her and care for her. And then Lisa tramples all over our plans with her bullshit… Sorry."

"Hah, that’s alright. It's a start to just love and care for her. You'll figure it out. She's submissive or something to you right? Lisa said… Is that a real thing? Or you're just the leader of you two." Barry asks.

"She wants me to be her 'boss' as she calls it." Kate sighs.

"Well, Just keep her in line and you'll be fine I'm sure." Barry tries to comfort her.

"I'll just disappoint her." Kate says with a trembling voice.

Barry frowns, "Oh come on. I’m sure you're doing fine so far. And if I could control a willing woman like her I'd just chain her to the wall or something and tell her what's expected of her. All boss-like. How hard can that be?"

"Like what those feminist morons complain about with their patriarchy nonsense?" Kate asks with a smile.

"No, that’s bullshit. I mean more playful, but be firm about it. Just boss her around every now and then so she knows her place." He says confidently. "Every man's secret dream until common sense kicks in…"

Kate laughs at his goofy face. "Really that's your dream huh?"

"Weeellll… Every real man has his own version of this, but you know what I mean…" He laughs nervously. "Sorry, that sounds kinda old school. But it's true… What I'm saying is that a man, or you in this case, should take care of his, her, woman, and the woman should in return take care of her man, ehh, you. You know, be a team together, support each other. Tied up or not… That's irrelevant really. But the roles should be clearly defined and one should be the leader. You're that leader Kate."

Kate stares at Barry and his simplistic views with her mouth agape. "You suck at controlling your woman Barry…" She finally breathes.

Barry laughs out loud. "Indeed, Lisa is way too stubborn to be controlled like that."

"Try harder man." Kate feels Lisa can be taken down a peg or two after her rant from just now. Suddenly she’s all inspired. "I'm going to chain up my woman. Thanks Barry, you're a godsend."

"Hey now, don't overdo it. People are not property…" He warns Kate.

"You have no idea, I have to go now." Kate starts to get up as Lisa gets back.

"Hey, there's no black forest here…" Lisa starts.

"Shut up Lisa," Kate snaps at her. "Listen to Barry and know your place." And with that Kate walks away leaving Lisa baffled behind and she hears Barry burst out in laughter.

Lisa sits down, "What the fuck was that about? Where is she going? What did you say to her?"

Barry can't stop laughing and stammers, "I told her to take control of Ariana and how I envision that as a man and she had this moment of enlightenment."

"And…?" Lisa looks upset.

"I think she's going to chain Ariana up or something." He holds his stomach laughing.

"Oh Barry, do you realize what you've done? Ariana is into that shit." Lisa snaps at him.

"Oh?" He sniggers, "Then it'll work even better."

"That's not funny Barry. Women should be free and independent." Lisa starts to say.

Barry finally can control his laugh and looks at her seriously. "And you should know your place. Just like Kate said." And he jokingly pokes Lisa in her side while amusing himself with Lisa's upset face.

Kate sits in her car thinking about what Barry had said. Basically what Ariana had been hinting at for as long as she knew her. And she curses herself for being blind to the obvious and always overcomplicating everything. She rushes home. Back in their flat she finds her lover sleeping on the couch. She kneels next to her head on the floor and gently kisses her cheek. Causing Ariana to stir.

‘Yes, Barry is a genius,’ she thinks.

She gets up and gets their length of chain and 2 padlocks. Returning to Ariana she carefully links the chain to her collar and padlocks it in place. And the other end she attaches to the leg of the couch and locks that in place as well.

Ariana is hers now, simple, in control, no bullshit. Perfect.

#### 16 - Preparing for the next day

Kate goes about her afternoon feeling a sense of accomplishment, Lisa keeps messaging her to not listen to Barry and his archaic ideas. But after many messages and attempts to call her, her phone goes quiet and Kate finally replies that she’ll think about it.

Kate admires her pretty lover on the couch. Thinking if she's doing the right thing. She thought she found her 'bondage balance' before and ultimately didn't like it.

‘But this is different,’ she thinks. A simple chain on a collar. And the chain would be connected to strategic hooks around the house? Or their bus… She likes that idea. A lot.

Kate doubts she has the discipline to keep going with it though.

When Ariana wakes up at around 3PM she sits up, yawning and wonders why there is a chain clinking around her on the couch. Feeling along to where it goes she quickly discovers she is chained to the couch. Testing the length she can walk around the little coffee table and not much else. Inspecting the lock at her collar she feels stuck.

"Kate?" Ariana calls out. "Where are you Kate?" But there is no response. Sitting back down on the couch she tests her chain and discovers she can just lift the couch and slip the chain free from the leg. Smirking at her escape she heads to the bathroom to relieve herself.

After a while Ariana hears the elevator clunk, which usually means it's stopping on their floor. She'd been watching some TV and quickly puts her glass in the kitchen and 'locks' herself to the couch again.

Kate comes in and greets Ariana with a happy feeling. "Hey babe, did you sleep ok?"

"Hi Kate." Ariana responds. "Did you do this?" She holds up the chain.

"You're mine, remember? I've decided to keep you chained up from time to time."

Ariana jumps up and reaches for Kate. "Come here!" She tells Kate. Kate obliges and is hugged tighter than ever. "Finally Kate, finally. It's perfect." Ariana gasps with an excited voice.

"Almost perfect, but yes. I think this is how it should be." Kate stammers at Ariana's approval.

Ariana nods.

"Not every day. But, you know, whenever we feel like… We'll see." Kate vaguely informs her. She puts a few forms on the table. "Read these carefully and fill them out. Next week we will go to an officiant's office to get married. I made an appointment for Wednesday."

Ariana nods again. "Thank you Kate, thank you so, so much." Sitting back down Ariana studies the forms. It's basic stuff and she's done in a few minutes. Checking the fields if she put the right info in them. "Wife and wife…" She mumbles. That sounds stupid. She then calls out to Kate "We'll be Wife and Okusan!"

"What's that sweetie?" Kate asks.

"Wife and Wife sounds stupid. But I'm Japanese, so we can replace my 'wife' with the Japanese word, Okusan."

"Oh right, that's clever. So if people ask who's the 'man', there is none?" Kate laughs at the stereotype lesbian roles people often assume.

"Yes, just Wife and Okusan." Ariana confirms.

Kate unlocks Ariana's collar and tells her to get dressed. "We're going out."

"To celebrate?" Ariana asks.

"No, not yet. We'll need a few things for the wedding." Kate mysteriously says.

The women head out of the flat and on the way down the concierge joins them on floor 10. "Hey girls," he greets them, seeing Ariana glowing with happiness. "Did you get some good news? You look very happy today."

She bends over to the man and whispers in his ear, "I'm getting married to her on Wednesday."

"Ohhh?" He whispers back winking at Kate. "And you're excited huh?" He smirks.

"Yes sir. Very much. I've waited for Kate to finally ask me for more than a year." She quietly says near his ear.

"Tsk tsk, that's no style to make you wait for so long. Well, congratulations to both of you." He whispers back. He and Ariana smile at each other and they part ways in the lobby.

Kate takes Ariana to a dress shop, she made a hasty agreement over the phone to rent two outfits for next week and they need to find something nice that fits. Ariana is ecstatic at getting a wedding dress, she kind of assumed they would just go and get married in their normal clothes. Kate has to repeatedly calm her down, urging her to pick something simple and practical.

Ariana thinks Kate should not be so boring and just pick something nice.

The women in the shop have put together a selection of a few designs that Asian women usually like. And 2 more traditional dresses, one in soft pink as Kate had informed them Ariana likes pink.

Ariana can't choose but really likes the Japanese look. And after trying a few dresses decides she wants a kimono style dress. The shop has a colorful converted Kimono with deep pink and white as the main colors. From about her knees down, a white flowery pattern is printed through the pink color fading to beige and purple. A flower is to be tied into her hair. All she needs to complete the outfit are some sandals or slippers.

Kate doesn't associate the dress with a wedding dress at all, but Ariana insists it's a fashion thing in Japan to get married in a converted kimono like this, the shop assistant confirms the style is popular.

For herself Kate chooses a more official looking pant suit. The pants are a loose fitting plain granite grey with legs so wide it looks like a long skirt. An over-bust corset accentuates her waist and combined she pulls off a sleek and confident look. The corset is a similar grey with embroidery in it mimicking a lace pattern. A sort of scarf drapes over her shoulders which gives it a more complete and dress-like look. In actuality the outfit is more suited for a bridesmaid. But next to Ariana's unusual outfit it looks excellent, everyone agrees.

Kate doesn't like the plain grey scarf and wants to change it for something that matches Ariana's dress. After a short search they decide on a deep pink shawl that almost matches Ariana’s colors.

Ariana thinks it looks awesome and insists they pose for a few photos. Which reminds Kate she has to ask Barry to bring his camera to take good pictures of them and sends a message asking him if he can.

Barry promises to bring his camera.

Both outfits need a few minor adjustments, taking in the waist of Ariana's dress and finishing the edges of Kate her shawl. The dressers will make sure the outfits can be picked up at 10AM on Monday.

Ariana is inseparable from Kate, practically hanging off of her arm. "Kate, Kate, I'm so happy! A Japanese dress. And your outfit is so confident looking. I love it. I'm going to wear it all day."

Kate laughs at her enthusiasm and hopes they'll be the prettiest couple of the year.

Now to make dinner reservations for Wednesday. Barry had asked for an extra seat for Garret, his best friend and also a former coworker of the girls. Kate didn't talk to Garret for weeks, but Barry insists he will come when he hears the news.

Ariana thinks they should go for their favorite steakhouse. Kate is in the mood for steak too, thinking maybe they can share one of those massive cowboy steaks again. So they head to the restaurant and reserve a table for their group.

Kate asks if they can have a table in a secluded area as they're there for a special event. Which is no problem and the waiter in charge of reservations asks what the occasion is. Before Kate can answer, Ariana calls out that they're getting married!

The waiter doesn't blink and congratulates them with a polite smile.

"Alright then babe. That's the basics covered." Kate looks at Ariana. "What else?"

Ariana thinks for a moment but can't think of anything else and the couple heads home. As soon as the door falls in its lock Ariana is all over Kate. Kissing her and roaming her hands over her chest and back. "I love you Kate, so so much…" She gasps.

Kate responds in kind and guides her lover to the bedroom.

Ariana undresses Kate and quickly gets naked herself and the women fall over into the soft bed sheets kissing and softly moaning at each other's attentions.

Kate lets her fingers roam over Ariana's crotch.

Ariana feels Kate's fingers and pushes against them, "Fuck me Kate, use the strap on…" Ariana gasps.

Kate says nothing and slowly rubs Ariana's clitoris making her squirm and quiver.

"Kate please. More, do more." Ariana moans.

Kate presses her lips on Ariana's kissing her intensely and stops stroking Ariana.

"Aww Kate," Ariana pants, "Don't stop…"

"You don't decide that sweetie." Kate whispers with an evil smile.

Ariana pouts and in return strokes Kate her nipples and pussy. "I'll earn it!" She promises under her breath.

Kate lies back with a smile feeling Ariana sucking on her nipples while rubbing her clitoris. After a few minutes Kate inhales sharply as she tenses up and orgasms quietly, letting out small moans. Ariana doesn't stop though and keeps fingering her fiancé, 2 fingers reaching for her g-spot while her thumb massages Kate's clitoris.

Kate moans at her orgasm, it doesn't stop. She tenses up again with a moan and Ariana smiles devilishly at Kate staring into her eyes.

Kate stares back with glassed over eyes and can't think straight. Her body quivers and she moans again, tensing up a 3rd time and Ariana finally stops and slumps down over Kate. She innocently traces circles over Kate's stomach and breasts with her finger while Kate catches her breath and finds her wits.

"What… the fuck… just happened." Kate finally manages to gasp. Her hair stuck to her sweaty face.

Ariana just looks at her with a knowing smile. "That's what you do to me with the vibrator Kate."

Kate looks at her weird, "That's fucking intense. Do it again some time." Pursing her lips for a kiss.

Ariana scoots over and kisses Kate. "You like it huh?" She finally asks. Kate nods quietly.

The 2 women lay in bed for a few moments, Kate in her afterglow of her triple orgasm.

Ariana is wondering if Kate will fuck her now, but no such thing happens as Kate dozes off after a few minutes, leaving Ariana to her own devices. She quietly gets up and goes to take a shower.

Turning on the water she can't help herself and fingers herself quietly in the shower. For minutes on end she furiously rubs herself trying to hold in her moans, grabbing a breast, kneading it, pulling on her nipple while plunging 2 fingers in her wet pussy. "Oohhmmm" Ariana moans into her hand as she starts to orgasm and loses her balance falling flat on her butt in the shower with a splat and a yelp.

"Ouch! Fuck!" She exclaims in pain hurting her butt and elbow. Her body is mid-orgasm and doesn't care, feeling adrenaline rush in combination with her horniness has her forget the pain instantly as she rubs her clitoris to increase her pleasure. After a few moments she throws her head back smacking it against the wall as she outs a throaty moan before slumping down in the corner or the shower.

As her excitement lowers and adrenaline leaves her body she becomes aware of a throbbing pain in her butt and she feels like she's been hit in the head. But that's fine. She's more worried about her elbow. Bruises don't look good for wednesday. 'Fuck…' She thinks. Inspecting her elbow but it seems fine.

"What's going on here?" A yawning Kate comes to investigate the noises Ariana is making and sees her fiancé sitting on the shower floor.

Ariana puts on a pained face, "I fell down Kate. It hurts."

Kate comes to her aid and kneels next to her. "You're ok? Where are you hurting?"

"I hurt my elbow…" Ariana complains.

Kate presses a kiss on her elbow. "And now?"

"My butt too…" Ariana pouts.

Kate leans forward more and kisses her butt cheek.

"How's that? She asks sweetly.

"And my neck?" Ariana smiles innocently.

Kate kisses her neck. "Better now?"

Ariana nods and pretends to look sad while pointing at her mouth. Kate gets the hint and leans in, Ariana's hands shoot up and she pulls Kate down by her neck for a kiss. When they break off their kiss they sit there leaning their foreheads together for a minute grinning like idiots at each other.
