---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: T.E.N.
authors:
- Alex Severn
tags:
- MM-f
- M+-f
- D-s
- bond
- bdsm
- naked
- whip
- torment
- display
- group
- oral
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2011-01-09 00:00:00
---

“So let me get this straight then. Your top, number one fantasy is to be the sex slave of a man, to be his possession, to let him chain you up, whip you, and then throw him to his mates so they can enjoy you as well?”

“That’s not how it is and you know it.”

“Well tell me where I’m wrong then”.

“Look. I do get turned on by the submissive bit, I want a man who is so gorgeous and so dominant that I want him to take me and I do fancy being in his power. He might seem to be in control but I want to feel that he is so obsessed with me that he has to have me and… well okay, he’s so crazy about me that he wants to share me with other men, to let them see what he’s got and how sexy I can be. I’m tired of the sex games we all play, all the conventions and routines. I want raw physical pleasure, I want to drive a man wild with lust and feel that lust myself. And yes, I have a thing about pain, if a man excites me enough, I want him to get a bit rough, the pain and the pleasure… they mingle somehow, oh God Dawn I don’t know why you got me started on this “

“Because we’ve been friends for 20 years, and because we’re both pissed. Look, if you want this to happen, you can use one of those sex mags, with the adverts they have you can get anything. Ask for a dominant man who wants to chain you up, put the details in, they’ll be queuing up for you. Or better still, look through some ads yourself ”

The advert had been simple enough but something about the directness of it had made her choose his box number. So he wanted a woman to trust him enough to obey his desires, to explore her own fantasies. Nothing would happen unless it was what they both wanted.

When she met him, he was physically attractive, sounded a bit posh.

She felt no fear agreeing to go to his home, which he described as ‘the middle of nowhere, been in my family for generations’ . With most men it would have sounded flashy, arrogant even but it seemed natural with him, with his oh so cultured, relaxed voice.

The drinks poured, the small chat was beginning to drag when he came straight to the point, and it was almost as if he had decided on a specific time to start the real evening off.

“Would you like to see my room now. My fantasy room, I mean?”

Well she hadn’t come here to drink wine and talk about the weather, had she?

Aside from the huge size of what she had assumed would be a little living room, Vanessa was disappointed with what met her gaze. Bare brick walls, a couple of solid oak beams a few inches from the ceiling, no actual furniture just a sort of alcove which, as she peered round the side of it contained a small table . Oliver gently took her hand and led her to examine the items on the top of it.

He picked up what looked like a wide leather belt with silver studs indented the length of it. Vanessa saw a long thick linked chain with an ugly looking hook at one end and her heart started to beat a little faster when she saw the handcuffs and watched as he put down the chain and picked up the cuffs.

“I told you I wanted to dominate a woman, that I wanted my own willing slave but that’s the key to all of this. Nothing happens unless you want it to. Nothing without it being in your wish list as well. I want to make sure we both enjoy this, but at any time, and I mean any time you want this to stop, it stops. And so you’re absolutely clear on this, we’ll have a password. If you say it, we stop whatever we’re doing and you can leave, never to see me again. The password is, This Ends Now, or, T.E.N. for short. Ten, what could be simpler, one syllable to give you full control over everything. You happy with that, Vanessa?”

He’d obviously thought it all out and the thought that he must have played these games with other women gave her, to her astonishment, a pang of jealousy but he was waiting for her answer, and her silent nod was all he needed.

“Undress for me please”.

Her black dress was short enough and light enough to discard easily and as it revealed her matching underwear she felt a wave of pleasure to see his eyes hungrily take her body in. She slipped off her bra and watched him enjoy how hard her nipples had already become and as she pulled off her knickers she was thrilled to see him almost lick his lips at the sigh of her freshly shaved pussy. It was good to see the bulge in his trousers too.

“You’re perfect, fabulous, let me take your hands please”.

Vanessa held out her hands and let Oliver raise them above her head. He was a good six inches taller than her and she felt him click the cuffs shut around her wrists but it took a few seconds longer to realise that he had cuffed her to one of the oak beams that she had noticed before. As she realised that she was now helpless, another shiver went through her body. Would he take any notice of the password, but then, did she want to use it?

Oliver inched closer to her body and he took her left nipple in his fingers and squeezed it, gently at first and then applied more pressure. Vanessa became more aroused and both nipples stiffened even more.

“Close your eyes please, just for a second”.

It was more like thirty seconds before anything happened but then she felt the hard shaft of a man press against her bum. She heard Oliver’s voice again and knew he was in front of her.

“You can open your eyes now”.

She saw Oliver had stripped for her and she was very impressed with what met her eyes. She had imagined this darkly handsome man naked when she first saw him and she wasn’t disappointed. He didn’t have the bulging, unnatural looking look of a body builder but his stomach was flat and taut. As he came nearer the beads of sweat starting to form on the impressive, almost completely hairless chest her heart began to beat faster, even though she knew she could still be in real danger.

She wished she could take his already impressive erection in her hands and make him even bigger but she was still helplessly cuffed, arms above her head. As she admired his powerful leg muscles he turned away from her. As he turned back to face her, he held in his hands a long, willowy but strong looking cane.

He moved closer to her again until his cock was inches away from her and ran the tip of the cane over both of her nipples in turn. There was no way of preventing them responding to the touch, being stimulated in that area had always turned her on quickly and the unreal situation made no difference to that. A slight movement on her left made her turn her head and she realised she had almost forgotten that there was a man behind her as well.

Oliver was tasty but this man, also naked and fully aroused was the sort to give any woman fantasies. Thick blonde hair, pale blue eyes, powerful muscular torso, he was so well endowed she was almost glad of the support of the handcuffs or she would have buckled under the pressure of her excited body.

Whoever blondie was he seemed to know his part in all his without any prompting from Oliver. Moving around until he was directly in front of her, he began to stroke her between her thighs. Vanessa could feel a pulse of pleasure running through her and when her fantasy man took her head in his huge hands, surprisingly gently and kissed her full on her lips, it was as if nothing else mattered but what was going to happen between them. As he broke away from her, she felt his fingers play around the edge of her increasingly damp lips, almost but not quite parting them. Her mouth fell open again and just as she began to writhe with excitement, desperately wishing she had her hands free so she could touch him, she felt a sharp, biting pain as the cane flailed against her back.

Vanessa gasped as the pain intensified briefly and then began to subside. Oliver was standing a little to the blonde’s left, looking delighted at her reactions. He was tapping the cane against his palm, with a smile full of charm. Blondie’s probing fingers were starting to explore her more urgently, but it was the sight of his cock, only inches away from entering her that was driving Vanessa wild. She was imagining only too vividly the way he might feel inside her, the way she would explode with desire and break into a thousand fragments, each one a tiny slice of pleasure. Then Oliver hit her again, harder this time and she did a double movement, a shiver of excitement thanks to the blonde man and a tensing of her muscles because of the burning sensation on her back.

Oliver moved very close to her and whispered in her right ear.

“You haven’t been introduced, Vanessa. This is Alan. A very good friend of mine and he seems to be getting to know you quite well. He isn’t much of a talker, but he has other attributes. Nothing will happen unless you choose it, Vanessa. Alan is very anxious to give you what you want most of all but so am I. The pain and the pleasure are the same emotion you see”.

He shot a glance at the other man who took his ever hardening shaft in his hand and brought the tip of it to rest, so very gently against Vanessa’s now wide open lips. “Was there something you wanted to say perhaps? A word, a syllable?”

The look of total confidence, arrogance almost made her spit the word at him just to see his disappointment but Alan easing his huge cock around her wet opening and the thought that he would take it away was too much to bear. Silently, she shook her head.

“Alan just needs to be asked, begged perhaps before he will please you. But if you beg him to take you, you must beg me to carry on too. Or of course, you can put your clothes on, let me call you a taxi and think about what you have missed out on”.

Right on cue, Alan inched forward and, as the tip of his cock explored more of the wetness of her bloated, swollen pussy, he bent his head forward and began biting, none too gently on her nipples which were now as brittle and sensitive as glass. Vanessa had never felt so aroused, she felt she would melt if he carried on but then, presumably at a signal from Oliver, his ‘friend’ stopped biting and moved his cock just out of reach of her lips. Any rules, any logical thought processes vanished instantly. Vanessa was on fire and she had to have him inside her, had to feel that thick, wide rod driving into her and just then, nothing else mattered.

She was starving and only he could satisfy her appetite. She was a desert, dry and searing hot, only he could cool her, could make the rain of her own body sweep over her.

“No, no, don’t stop, take me now, I want to feel you inside me”. It was as if she heard someone else’s voice speak out, she was losing control rapidly. She felt the slightest touch of the cane on her back and as she saw the lustful look in the pale eyes of the man she felt more physically attracted to than any man she had ever been near she shouted, screamed out

“Hit me, beat me, anything you want to do, do it, just let me feel him again”.

Needing no second invitation, Alan moved his hands so he could cup her buttocks in them and then, proving his physique wasn’t just for show, lifted Vanessa off the floor as he drove into her saturated lips.

The pain of being beaten seemed to be simultaneous to the undiluted ecstasy of his thrusting driving shaft and Vanessa, almost as a reflex now, began shouting, begging for more. The angle at which he had driven inside her made her feel light headed, delirious with joy, she clamped her lips around his girth and threw herself backwards as far as the position of her body and the restraint of her arms would allow. As she arched backwards, Oliver changed his area of attack and Vanessa felt two stinging blows across her bum but this only heightened her pleasure, it was as if this forced her to bury herself deeper into her fantasy . The pain and the pleasure merged together, Vanessa felt every inch of her body was on fire, she was as desperate to feel the sting of the cane as she was to feel his primitive thrusts opening and probing her deeper and deeper.

Nothing this good could last forever and Vanessa knew even this man would reach his climax soon but she had to come when he did, the thought of feeling him soften and wither whilst he was still inside her, whilst she was still sliding her lips up and down the length of him was too terrible to contemplate. She needn’t have worried as she felt her orgasm shudder through every bit of her body when Alan drove deeper inside her, deeper than any man had ever reached.

As the electric current sizzled from her breasts to her crotch, she saw herself, as if in a dream, look back at Oliver and silently plead with him to thrash her even more. She was desperate to feel the stinging agony of the cane on her flesh which felt as it were on fire now. Not even his look of victory could change how good it had felt to have Alan inside her and she almost came to another orgasm as he thrashed down with the cane three, maybe four times. Her skin burned and ached with pleasure before Vanessa felt her legs being released and she slumped, almost drunkenly, only held up by the handcuffs above her head.

It was something she hardly dare admit even to herself. The pain of the cane on her back and her bum had felt almost exquisite, she had been, by the end, ready to do anything to feel the burning tingle on her skin. Giving over control of her body like that to a man, well, maybe, but to two men was something she had never experienced before and she knew the feelings aroused in her were very complex. She belonged to Oliver, her body was his to use and share with any other man he wanted to. She had never fantasised about a threesome before let alone this but the conversation she had had with Dawn came back to her. She had wanted to be a man’s slave, a plaything, to be helpless but in control, to win and lose. And this was what this evening had been all about.

But then she realised, the night was still young.

Oliver was speaking again.

“Remember, anytime you say, any time you want, this stops and you get dressed and go home. This is your night as well as ours”.

She knew her silence was agreement, all three of them did, and she had no intention of breaking that silence. The word she could use to go back to a civilised world was a million miles away from her mouth.

Alan reached up and uncuffed her and she flexed her arms gingerly, allowing some feeling to flow back into them.

“On your knees, now and open your mouth”.

As Vanessa did so, Oliver fed his hard length into it and Vanessa clamped her lips shut, taking him in as deep as she could, licking and sucking. She felt his pleasure and then she felt him reach down and take her hand in his and guide it onto the still erect cock of Alan giving Vanessa the chance to close her fingers around it, and start to massage him, hard and relentlessly. She had never felt a man as hard or as big as he was. His cock tasted strong and musky but clean and fresh too.

“ Alan wants to take you now, from behind”, Oliver said smoothly and Vanessa wasn’t about to complain as she was spun round so that he was behind her whilst she was still on all fours. She tilted herself forward, opened her legs wider with her bum pointing upwards and she felt his huge rock hard length pushing into the lips that were waiting just for that. As he thrust deeper into her gaping opening, she became aware of voices and began to realise she had an audience now. She half turned her head in alarm but Oliver grabbed her long black hair and in that smooth polished accent said:

“Surely you don’t mind a few other friends joining us for the evening?” and somehow, terrified Alan would stop pumping into her, she stayed silent. She was his property now after all.

Becoming more aware of the audience and their excitement which was now very audible, Vanessa’s face was burning scarlet at the thought of the porn show she was starring in but no negative feelings could overcome the pleasure she was getting as Alan thrust deeper inside her, his rhythm taking him almost out of her every second thrust which only heightened her lust for him. Vanessa’s weeping hot wet lips circled his hardness, clinging to him as if nothing else mattered. And then, it hit her that, great though being used like this was, having a live audience, knowing that every man in that room would have screwed her if she snapped her fingers made it so much better, made her so much hornier.

She eased herself further backwards and made her body fit in with the thrusts which were ever more powerful. Still pushing into her, he abruptly sat back and pulled her with him. Vanessa was initially furious that he should disturb the fabulous position they had found together but it was only momentary as she stretched out her legs and, still with her back to him, straddled him and began to almost bounce up an down on his cock, giving him the chance to take her tits in both hands and fondle and manipulate them as she did so.

Wondering how much more energy she had got left Vanessa felt on the point of collapse. Then, she found she had Oliver’s deliciously tempting swollen cock in front of her and no power on earth could have stopped her taking it inside her mouth and sucking, licking, almost biting him, enjoying his groans of pleasure. It was a scene from a thousand porn films but Vanessa was intoxicated by everything she felt, she was being explored from behind by a man who made the ‘size doesn’t matter’ mantra a joke whilst a man who had orchestrated all of this was bursting inside her mouth, it was satisfaction beyond her wildest fantasies. As they all collapsed, Vanessa almost fell over the splayed out legs of the other two as her juices cascaded from between her thighs.

The crowd of watchers cheered and began to chatter excitedly, A sensation of power swept over Vanessa. Who was the slave, was she, the star of the filthiest show in town? Or were these men, panting with desire and lust, they would be dreaming about her body tonight, praying they had been with her, feeling her, letting her touch them? Although the mixture of voices were coming to her from the other side of the room and she couldn’t see anybody, she just knew she was the only woman there and that heightened her sense of being special in this theatre of pleasure.

Vanessa was so weakened and her muscles were still twitching that she barely registered that Oliver was fastening the chain around her waist. Then, as she was jerked violently towards the crowd, she looked down at it, even as her mind was spinning, Vanessa saw clearly that the belt was effectively a dog collar and as he led her, dragged her, on tottering feet towards the audience, the symbolic enslavement, the clear message that she was Oliver’s creature swept over her.

“Anything you want to say to me, Vanessa? Any little word?”

For once she found her voice.

“Don’t stop, this is my show too. You haven’t fucked me yet, you can take me any way you want.”

Oliver grinned at her and, grabbing her long black hair, whispered in her ear,

“On all fours, facing your adoring public, Alan wants to punish you now”.

The words sent a pulse of electricity coursing right through her, the thought of the silent dream man using her for his own pleasure, making her beg for mercy was almost too exciting to contemplate. As she dropped onto her kneeling position, she risked a glance over her shoulder and was rewarded by the sight of Alan advancing towards her and as he did so he was flexing a black, savage looking whip. Vanessa gulped hard. The cane was painful but arousing, but that whip - A man as powerful as Alan could really use that, she could be bruised and sore all over her body, she could be flinching and writhing by the time he had finished with her. One word, that was all it would take to top him, all she had to do to get dressed and go home.

She found her voice.

“Hit me properly, please, please whip me. I want to feel it now”

Almost in slow motion she saw the instrument flail across her bum cheeks, and as she gasped in pain, she turned again to see his cock jutting skywards, he seemed even more aroused than before.

“Turn and face the other way, woman”. Oliver’s voice was a command and she obeyed instantly, praying for the sharp pain and thrill of Alan’s whip again and she wasn’t disappointed. Her mind was whirling. She was aching with the stinging sensation of the blows as they rained down, now on her back, once, twice and even harder the third time. Her skin was throbbing violently as she heard the cheers of the men assembled in front of her. Alan paused and, leaning over, began to fondle her nipple gently with his left hand, stroking, coaxing, but Vanessa wanted more.

“Don’t be so bloody gentle, squeeze me, I want to feel your hands on me”

And Alan got the message, she almost winced as he twisted and pulled on her diamond hard nipple, but as he eased his body forward so he could grip her nipples even harder, she felt his rock hard length knock against her leg and Vanessa gasped with the sensation of how good it felt for her. Then, as if he could read her mind he brought his right hand between her legs and as her velvet slit was so open and wet, was able to put three fingers inside her massaging her soaking mound of pleasure. Her clit was hugely bloated and Vanessa’s head was spinning even faster, as so many emotions surged through her but she heard herself say to her master,

“Don’t be so easy on me, whip me more, please more”

He didn’t disappoint her, as, with another couple of thrashes with the whip from one hand, he manipulated and roughly played with her saturated lips from behind her, and she reached out her own hand push his fingers deeper inside making her feel she had no more juice to surrender to him.

Stopping the beating abruptly, he gestured to her to rise but she was so wet between her legs by now she could hardly walk so he had to almost drag her to the front group of the men, a couple of whom began to run their hands all over her tits usually shouting out something filthy as they did so. Alan handed the chain to the man nearest to him and Vanessa found herself falling helplessly as he yanked her further into the group of cheering men. She was on her knees again now and when the nearest man undid his trousers and beckoned her to give him what he wanted, she didn’t even look at Alan or Oliver but just knelt before this stranger and took him fully into her mouth, massaging his tight balls between her fingers. He may not have been Alan’s size but her head was still on fire and her whole body was seething with the most primitive, unrestrained thrill she could ever have imagined. She wouldn’t be stopped now, she wanted the taste, the sensation of a man’s excitement in her throat and only when she felt him surging, exploding, did she let him go, licking her lips as she did so.

Vanessa felt the touch of fingers probing between her legs again and knew they belonged to Oliver. She had never been so wide open and soaked in her life and, still feeling light headed with a power and a pain she had never thought possible, she lifted her head and surveyed her audience. She grabbed the nearest man, no longer caring what he was like or how he aroused her and kissed him on the lips, wrapping both her arms around his neck. Still revelling in the roars of the men, Vanessa beckoned him onto his knees, she knew nobody in the room would disobey her now, and then she pushed him as roughly as she could, onto his back. Squatting beside him, she tore off his trousers and shorts, revealing his increasingly swollen dick. Then, pausing only to glance at the excited faces all around her, she threw her body onto him, clamping his cock between her open moist lips.

Placing her hands on his chest, Vanessa rocked backwards and forwards, taking him further inside her and arching her back further away from him, drawing him deeper, demanding with her body that he grow bigger and firmer. To her acute disappointment, he came quickly, so she writhed a little more and then as she slid off him, she put her foot on his chest and with an almost contemptuous gesture, turned away from him. She felt the pressure of the chain being yanked before she saw Oliver had control of her again, and although she couldn’t catch what he had said it was met with boos and disappointment by the crowd.

Clearly, her show was over and the final physical stimulus for her was two vicious slaps, one across her face, the other across her bum delivered by her captor with the cane.

Oliver dragged her, still reeling and exhausted until she was in front of a full length mirror she hadn’t noticed before and as he pulled her around full circle like a puppet, she saw the red wheals and marks all over her back and her bum, and the beginnings of huge bruises start to form. Crazily, this only turned her on all the more, what was happening to her?

As she sat back, exhausted but still sizzling with arousal she heard a familiar voice just behind her.

“Well, you can’t say this was a boring evening, can you, Vanessa?”

Dawn was smiling wickedly at her.

“What the hell”

“Sorry to deceive you like this but what are friends for? Oliver and I have been friends for ages and I just knew he’d be right for you. I knew the way we worded the advert would work. Mind you, I haven’t seen Alan before, you are a lucky girl, aren’t you?”

Its difficult being furious with someone when you‘ve just had the best night of your life, and Dawn’s instincts really had been perfect after all.

THE END
