---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Step Into Christmas
authors:
- Robotunit8
tags:
- Solo-F
- shop
- display
- toys
- costumes
- invite
- reindeer-girls
- antlers
- ride
- bdsm
- whip
- spank
- kiss
- arousal
- boots
- transform
- oral
- lesbian
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2018-12-15 00:00:00
---

*This was written as a contest piece, though as it was my own contest I couldnt win it! The idea was to base the story around a Christmas song, or carol, and I chose this one by Elton John from 1973 as my choice of song. For those who dont remember it, or are far too young to remember it, look it up on youtube so you can at least see the video, and hear the song, before reading it, if so desired.*

### Step Into Christmas

She allowed herself a satisfied smile, the Christmas shopping
was finally complete. She didn't like big crowds, and now, on the last
Saturday before Christmas, both the shops and the town were very
crowded! But now finally she could get away from the throng, head for
the bus station, go home, and forget about it all.

She wouldn't admit it, but it hadnt been as painful as she thought
it might have been, but perhaps that was down to the music that came
whispering out of all the shops, even onto the streets where she was
now. Mainly she suspected because most of the Christmas hits they were
playing seemed to date from the seventies, when she had been a
teenager.

To her surprise one shop didn't seem all that busy, even more so
when you consider it was called ‘Step Into Christmas’, and seemed full
of decorations and the like, which you would have thought everyone
would be snapping up at this time of year. She smiled inwardly to
herself as she approached, probably because over the shop’s speakers
she could hear the most suitable song playing, the song of the same
name, by Elton John.

> *Come along with me*
>
> *Step into Christmas*
>
> *The admission’s free*

“Well of course admission into a shop should be free!” she giggled
to herself, taking a closer look through the door.

> *Take care in all you do next year*
>
> *And keep smiling through the days*
>
> *If we can help to entertain you*
>
> *Oh we will find the ways*
>
> *So merry Christmas one and all*
>
> *There’s no place I’d rather be*
>
> *Than asking you if you’d oblige*
>
> *Stepping into Christmas with me*

Stephanie liked the words, though with no family, and few friends
she wasn't quite sure who was going to invite her to step into
Christmas with them. By now she’d given up on finding that ‘special
person’ to ask her to do so, lets face it, with 50 fast approaching
she wasn't going to be the ‘belle of the ball’ anymore, assuming she
ever had been!

But having got this close to the shop window now, her feet having
seemed to have mysteriously walked her towards the shop in the
meanwhile, she looked in through the window... and blushed! The shop
might have been full of decorations, but they were definitely of the
‘adult’ variety, the fairies for the top of the trees all having large
breasts, barely restrained in tiny bikinis, rather than their usual
sweet outfits. And the baubles all seemed very phallic (or vibrator
depending on your sexual preference) shaped, rather than the standard
round balls. Sexy Santa outfits (and indeed Miss Santa outfits) were
on display models, and they were equally revealing to the eye,
certainly nothing Stephanie would consider wearing nowadays given her
age.

The song began again, a surprise to her, as she was expecting a
different song to begin,

> *I’d like to thank you for the year*
>
> *So I’m sending you this Christmas card*
>
> *To say it’s nice to have you here*
>
> *I’d like to sing about all the things*
>
> *Your eyes and mind can see*

Something fluttered out of the shop door and landed in her hand,
conveniently her feet had now planted her just outside the doorway. It
was a card, she turned it over and read,

‘Stephanie Louise Major, it's so nice to have you here, we’d love to
tell you about all the delights you can see in the shop. So why don't
you step into Christmas with me?’

Even while she was trying to work out how they knew her full name,
her feet took control and marched her into the shop. She blushed
profusely as she entered, she might have had some idea of what the
shop might be like inside, but even so... the staff (all female she
noted) seemed to be dressed in very skimpy, sexy outfits, either
seemingly the Miss Santa outfits, very sexy fairy outfits, or even a
couple of young ladies dressed as ‘human reindeers’ complete with
antler headpieces and tails that seemed a very snug fit. The strange
thing was that the shop seemed to have about eight staff, and no
customers other than her in sight. Incredible given the time of year,
and the blatant invitation she had got to enter.

One of the Miss Santa’s came towards her, seemingly riding one of
the reindeer girls, and hitting her on the backside with a whip, which
the reindeer girl seemed to be quite enjoying much to Stephanie’s
shock!

She ‘dismounted’, and petted the reindeer girl, then walked towards
Stephanie and kissed her plumb on the lips, with passion. The thing
that surpised Stephanie the most was that she enjoyed the kiss so
much, she was bi curious definitely, but had never gone that far with
another woman before, certainly not one she didn't even know!

> *So hop aboard the turntable*
>
> *Oh step into Christmas with me*

“So Stephanie, what can Santa get you this year, I’m sure there
must be something here you would like?” she asked her.

If there was, Stephanie couldn't see it! All the stuff in here was
far too raunchy for an old maid like her, though she did wonder what
it felt like to be whipped like the reindeer girl had been, and
whether it hurt or not?

Seemingly the girl could read her mind!

“No Stephanie, the whip is made out of very soft leather, it gives
you a nice tingly feeling, but nothing more. But if you want to find
out, well all you have to do is ask to try on a reindeer girl outfit,
and...” Miss Santa winked at her, “I’m sure someone would oblige
you.”

Stephanie went red, those outfits might look good on girls barely
into their twenties, but she was fast approaching 50 for pity’s sake!
And her middle aged figure sagged accordingly. But something in her
head was telling her that no one was in the shop apart from the
assistants and her, so why shouldn't she try one on?

“Are you sure?” Stephanie asked nervously, “After all, the outfit
is quite skimpy, and my figure isn't really the best for those sort of
outfits?”

“Why not? Just put it on in the changing room, and if you like what
you see, and I'm sure you will, then come out into the shop and show
us.” then whispering in her ear added, “I'm sure one of the other Miss
Santa’s will ride you round the shop and whip you if you like after
that!” and winked again.

Now for some strange reason that sounded exciting, and fun to
Stephanie, so she did go and get changed.

She slipped into the changing room, removed all her clothing,
placing it carefully down beside her, and pulled on the reindeer
outfit. It was as tight fitting as she had feared, and the bikini type
top was struggling to hold her ample bosom in place, even though she
was only a C cup.

“Well the other girls are very slim.” she thought to herself.

The strange thing was she could feel her clit aching, as if
extremely aroused by something. She placed the ‘antlers’ on her head
as instructed, ensuring the clip fitted neatly between her ears, so it
wouldn't fall off when she moved. She attached the tail, climbed into
the heeled boots that were her ‘hooves’ and looked herself over in the
mirror. Even she had to admit it, she hadn't looked this sexy in years!
She seemed to be almost glowing, and couldn't believe how good she
looked.

“Well alright Stephanie Louise, they were right, you do look
good. So you'd better go and show them, and admit you were wrong, and
Miss Santa was right. And maybe get someone to ride me a few yards,
and give me a little whipping to make me move, or as punishment for
doubting her.”

And she almost literally trotted out into the shop, her hooves
clopping on the floor as she did so. The whistles she got from the
others only told her just how good she looked.

The Miss Santa who had greeted her smiled, walked across and kissed
her on the lips with definite passion. This time Stephanie didn't
resist the kiss, indeed pressing back into her lips with interest.

“Well?” she asked Stephanie when the suction finally broke.

“Fantastic.” admitted Stephanie.

“So, do you want to be ridden, little reindeer girl?”

Stephanie was neither little, or a girl, but she didn't argue the
point,

“Yes please.” she whispered.

Miss Santa grinned, “What did you say!” trying to sound slightly
shocked.

“Yes please.” said Stephanie more firmly, and louder, “And if I
need to be whipped to make me move, well...” she looked at her
pleadingly.

“Of course Stephanie. Why don't you just go and stand on that plinth
over there and I will mount you from there. I just need to... go get my
whip!”

Stephanie felt her arousal dripping down her legs just at the
thought of it happening. One of the other reindeer girls seemed to
sniff the air eagerly.

“Why's she doing that?” Stephanie asked one of the fairy girls.

“She must be picking up your scent, you aren't on heat are you?” the
fairy asked.

Stephanie knew she was dripping musky scent, but why was it
attracting another woman?

“I might be!” she giggled.

“Well there’s your answer!” the fairy firmly told her.

> *Step into Christmas*
>
> *Let’s join together*
>
> *We can watch the snow fall forever and ever*
>
> *Eat, drink and be merry*
>
> *Come along with me*
>
> *Step into Christmas*
>
> *The admission’s free*

Stephanie was so engrossed talking to the fairy that she didn't
notice, or even more amazingly, feel Miss Santa mount her. It was only
when she felt two firm smacks across her rear that she realised... the
second crack had made her climax heavily, and she could feel it
running down her thighs. The other reindeer's nose definitely twitched
at the smell.

“Run reindeer, run!” was the command, and Stephanie did, trotting
happily across the shop with the girl riding on her back. When she
slowed slightly she felt the whip again crack against her butt. After
several times round the shop, she got the command,

“Whoa Girl.” and did instantly, stopping in front of a mirror.

That was when Stephanie really gasped, well at least when she
realised it was herself she was looking at. That was because this
reindeer girl looked about 20, was pretty, with a neat trim
figure. The only thing that was the same was her ample breasts which
stood up proudly on her reindeer chest.

The girl dismounted and said, “Sleep Stephanie.” and that was the
last thing she remembered, until...

She woke up in a warm stable, and could feel something, or someone
wrapped up close beside her, and she could feel something, or again
someone lapping away eagerly at her very damp sex. She gasped, came
heavily, and when she recovered, she looked up. Two of the other
reindeer girls were bent over her, their faces covered in her sticky
goo where she had come so strongly.

Looking beyond them she could see snow falling on the ground
through the window.

“Where... where am I?” she asked.

“Silly girl, you are in Lapland, where all the reindeer girls
live. Well all those owned by the frisky Claus sisters anyway! Very
shortly we are all eight of us going to be harnessed to their sleigh,
and take them for a ride in the snow. And when we get there...”

“Yes?” asked Stephanie.

The three reindeer girls stabled with her looked at each other and
giggled,

“We all get to have lots of fun!”

Stephanie just smiled at the thought.

\* \* \*

### (Almost one year later in a ‘Step Into Christmas’ shop)

“Well my fine team of reindeer, we need to find a whole new team
for my cousin this year. Do you think we can do so?”

The team of eight nodded their heads, their antlers moving as they
did so.

“Yes Miss Claus, I'm sure we can find eight very lucky girls for
you.” they said in unison.

Miss Claus smiled, “That's my girls!”

(Thanks to Bernie Taupin for the lyrics, and
to Elton John for the song.)
