---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Guys Next Door
authors:
- W More
tags:
- Sbm
- caught
- MM-m
- cons
- X
date: 2006-08-23 00:00:00
---

I've
been into bondage for many years, mostly frustratingly so, with no partner
because I was afraid of the rejection if I mentioned that I would like to be
tied up or tie up someone. My wife refused to participate the one time I
dare ask her.

One
more thing, the couple next door are gay guys. I am not, but . . . .

Alone
for a week with my wife on a separate vacation to her mother's home across the
country, and the kids working for the summer at the beach, I decided to have
some fun with self-bondage as I had before marriage. Yup, I remembered
most of the techniques, as few as I had developed.

It
was all very simple; some ropes, an improvised ballgag, a scarf for a blindfold,
and
a knife.

It
was late on a Saturday morning and becoming hotter and hotter, destined to reach
into the upper nineties by afternoon. I wanted to suffer a little, so
turned off the air conditioner.

I
got a steak knife from the kitchen for escape, went down into the basement rec
room and began.

First,
I stripped naked, of course.

Then
I made several loops that I could barely fit my hands through in a piece of
rope, then tied a hangman's knot in another length and placed it around the
first rope.

I
placed one chair tightly in front of another and laid both the knife and rope
assembly on the back chair seat. Next, I tied my ankles very tighly
together, then my legs. Next, I tied my torso firmly to the chairback and
my thighs to the chair bottom. Kinda an athletic exercise for sure.

I
pulled the makeshift ballgag deep into my mouth and fastened it behind my head.
took the end of the hangman's noose rope and reached my legs back beneath the
chair as far as possible and tied the two together. Then I looked around
to be sure where the knife and first rope assembly were. Satisfied, I
blindfolded myself.

Finally,
I slipped my hands through the looped rope on either side of the hangman's
noose, hesitated before the point of no return; the stretched out my legs,
tightening the noose around the loops to cinch the wrists tightly...I really
felt the rope close between my wrists and tighten.

My
wrists were tied behind my back, and could not be untied. I was lashed to
the chair so could not move from it. I could move my legs, but so what?

I
checked to see if I could reach the knife for escape.

And,
of course, in fumbling around, knocked it onto the floor.

So,
there I was, naked, helpless, unable to see or call for help; nevertheless
feeling a massive erection.

That's
when the phone rang nearby. Four rings, then: "Hello, this is Strand.
I can't come to the phone right now, so leave a message after the tone."

Then
the message: "Hey, Strand, this is Rick next door. Guess you are
away. We need to borrow some tea. We still have the key you lent us
to take care of your plants last year while you were away, so will come over and
borrow. Hope you won't mind."

I
struggled against the ropes, but only tightened things.

I
heard the door open upstairs, then two male voices: "Damn, nothing here;
let's check his basement pantry."

Footsteps
on the stairs. "Hey, the light's on! in the rec room. Let's
turn it off for him."

"Oh,
man!! Come in here Roger and look what I found. I don't believe
it."

I
knew I'd been seen by then. Oh well, I thought; I guess it's no worse to
be into self-bondage than to be gay. They would understand about "the
closet."

"Hot
damn, look at that!!"

I
tried to speak through and around the gag, but no way.

"Did
this to yourself, didn't you? Nod or shake your head."

I
reluctantly nodded.

"Ok,
we'll untie you since you look stuck," Roger said.

I
felt hands begin with my blindfold, which was quickly removed. Then at my
gag knot behind my head.

"Wait
one," Rick said. "Let's have some fun. Maybe for him
too."

"Meaning
what?"

"Nobody
can see if we hustle him to our house. Downstairs; you know. Tie him
down on the coffee table and . .. .well, whatever. I know you've had your
eye on him and so have I."

"Why
didn't I think of that?" So, my neighbors untied my legs, tightened
the gag, untied me from the chair, and force-marched me through our yards in the
sunshine - me still naked, wrists tied, and gagged.

I
tried to protest, but they only tightened up my wrist ropes.

It
was cool, being led and pushed down into THEIR rec room.

"Face
down?"

"You
know it!"

I
was pushed down onto my belly and tied to the coffee table, my legs spread and
ankles tied to the end legs.

"Tell
you what, Rick," I heard Roger say as I was again blindfolded.

"What?"

"Why
don't you call your sister to come over after we finish with him?"

"She'd
like that, and I do owe her one. Ok."

"But
first . . . . ."
