---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Predicament 4
authors:
- Self Bound Latex sub
tags:
- F/m
- rubber slave
- feminisation
- X
---

story

The Self Bound
Latex Sub, April 2002 
This story is
copyright to The Self Bound Latex Sub, and may not be reproduced either
physically or electronically, or hosted on any other website, without the
express permission of the author. Permission may be requested from sblatexsub@yahoo.com.au.

**My Predicament
Chapter 4**

How fondly I
look back on my days of freedom now. I remember having a job, going shopping,
eating at a restaurant, all those things that normal people do. I remember
how I used to fantasise about having a Mistress who would bind and gag
me, and do all sorts of nasty things to me for hours on end. How foolish
I was!

I have now been
the slave of Mistress Carol for just on six months, ever since she kidnapped
me from her Rubber wear shop in Sydney. I have spent those six months in
constant Rubber Bondage, never once being free enough to be able to escape.
I live in a dungeon, a converted bank vault, in a house that I have no
idea where it is, with no-one to share my captivity with except my Mistress.
I must confess, sometimes I forget myself and I find myself loving my Mistress
and her dominant ways, and it is getting increasingly difficult to remember
that I am a Male, who has been kidnapped against my will.

You see, my Mistress
keeps me as her Female Rubber Slut Slave, to the point that my name is
but a distant memory, and I am now only ever referred to as "Slut" or "Slave",
depending on my Mistress's whim at the time. I am constantly corseted,
and my Mistress has reduced my waist to a flattering 24 inches, although
she insists she will not be happy until it reaches 20 inches! She has been
feeding me female hormones, so that my breasts have grown, and now I actually
require a bra for them, although a push up bra certainly gives them a significant
boost. The hormones have also reduced my body hair, although my Mistress
has used an electrolysis machine on my facial and body hair, removing the
majority of it permanently. My short male haircut has grown out, and I
now have a beautiful mane of blonde hair, which cascades down to just below
my shoulders. I have been wearing stilletto heeled shoes constantly the
whole time, and my calf and feet muscles now scream at me if I try and
stand without at least a four inch heel beneath me.

Be that as it
may, I am a beautiful woman! My Mistress originally was going to have me
"fixed", to complete the transformation, however recently she informed
me that she would keep me whole, as on the occasions that she has used
me as a male, she enjoys it immensely, and doesn't want to lose that ability
to choose how she uses me! However my male parts are usually bound up and
stretched between my legs, to ensure there are no unsightly bulges where
there shouldn't be. I am always dressed as a female in some form of Rubber,
usually a maid outfit. I am now permitted to move about the house, doing
chores for my Mistress while she is at work. Of course, I am bound the
whole time, so escape is always out of the question. Even if I could escape
my bonds, my new home is a renovated bank branch, and so all the windows
are barred, and the front door is a solid panel of steel cored wood, with
a complex lock system. Mistress Carol never fails to secure the house as
she leaves, "To keep her valuables safe" she often jokes. I would laugh
in reply, but for my constant mouth filling gag!

Let me describe
a typical day, as today has been. I usually spend the night bound in the
dungeon, unless Mistress Carol requires my services in the bedroom. Last
night was such a night, and I spent the night in an incredibly strict hogtie,
so tight that my feet were actually touching my elbows! I was dressed in
a Rubber catsuit with a built in Butt Plug, a large rubber plug that is
actually a super strong vibrator which runs off the power outlet, not batteries.
This was set to a random setting, so it spent the whole night going on
and off at the most unexpected times. I was also hooded, however there
were holes for my mouth, nose and eyes. My head was encased in a leather
harness, with a built in Ring Gag. This harness was then attached to a
similar harness around my Mistress's waist, so that my mouth was pulled
tight to her beautiful womanhood.  So there I was, Rubberised and
bound, laying on my Mistress's bed between her legs, with a gagged mouth
but free tongue up to her nether regions. Her last words to me were "Slave,
I expect 5 orgasms before I get up in the morning - but you'd better make
sure that you don't wake me up at all, cause even an orgasm won't save
you then!"

So I spent the
entire night staring at my Mistress's glorious pussy, trying desperately
not to move when the vibrator kicked in for fear of waking her. I managed
to bring her to three orgasms with my tongue before I heard her breathing
turn deep and slow after the last orgasm, and I knew she was asleep. As
she never woke up during the night I was unable to increase my tally during
the night, and so I was desperate to ensure the completion of the 5 orgasms
in the morning. When she woke up I quickly brought her to a screaming orgasm
(she is always most sensitive first thing in the morning, I have learned),
and worked my tongue until I thought it would fall off to get her through
the 5th orgasm shortly thereafter. Mistress Carol then released my head
from her waist harness, and thus freed from me got off the bed and made
her way to the bathroom. I was pleased to note that as she stepped off
the bed her legs wobbled a little, and if I could have smiled I would have!

As I lay there,
unable to move, I faintly through the Rubber hood could hear my Mistress
going through her morning routine. First the filling of the large spa bath,
while she completes her toilet. Then the sigh of joy as she relaxes down
into the bath, and the silence as she lays there in luxury. After a while,
she steps from the bath, and completes her dressing and makeup. As always,
she dresses in Rubber, and I can hear the slither of it over her body,
and the snap of it fitting to her. Often it is my duty to bathe her in
the morning, and prepare her clothes for the day. Once she even bound me
in the bottom of the bath, and after the bath was filled I was only able
to breathe through a tube which she held above the surface. Whenever she
blocked the tube, stopping my air, I was required to bury my face in her
pussy and bring her to orgasm before she would allow me to breathe. Luckily
for me she only required three orgasms, but I was later punished for making
her late for work!

Today, my Mistress
bathed alone, and shortly thereafter my daydreaming came to a halt as my
Mistress came out from the bathroom dressed in her Rubber outfit of the
day. She released me from the hogtie, and without allowing me an inch of
freedom managed to handcuff my hands in front of me. I was then required
to polish her Rubber outfit to a high gloss, finishing off by cleaning
her boots with my tongue. Her outfit today was quite simple, an electric
blue Rubber mini dress, a blue Rubber choker around her neck, and black
thigh high Rubber boots with a 4 inch heel.

After releasing
my feet, then hobbling them with a six inch chain, I was sent downstairs
to prepare her breakfast while she completed her hair and makeup. I finished
her breakfast of Bircher Muesli with fresh strawberries, freshly squeezed
Orange Juice, and a bowl of yoghurt, just as she called me to where she
was standing outside my dungeon. I hobbled to her, and was commanded to
enter the dungeon, clean myself up and prepare myself with the things she
had left out. The door was then closed and locked behind me. I hobbled
over to the table in the middle of the room where my Mistress had left
the keys to my handcuffs and ankle chains, and unlocked myself. The only
time I have ever been free of my bonds since I have been here is when I
have been locked in this room, and even then only for a few short minutes.

I undressed,
and after I completed my toilet routine, ensuring I was completely clean
inside by administering two enemas, and I had showered in the corner, I
dried myself off, and started to dress. Today Mistress had laid out for
me my French Maid outfit, and so after locking my penis back between my
legs I started with the heavy Rubber corset, putting it on using the Corseting
Machine in the corner. After my waist was reduced to it's customary 24
inches, I put on the fluffy white tutu, and over the top the black Rubber
French Maid dress, which was held out below the waist by the tutu. Black
Rubber stockings and black patent court shoes with a punishing 6 inch heel
followed, then a white Rubber apron and maid's cap to complete the picture.
I noticed there were no Rubber panties for me today. I then quickly completed
my preparations by doing my makeup, nice and slutty like my Mistress likes
to see me.

I then picked
up the ankle cuffs and Rubber Armbinder that were at the bottom of the
pile, and tottered back over to the Corseting Machine in the corner. I
cuffed my ankles together, which I noticed left me only about an inch of
movement, and set the laces for the Armbinder into the machine. I then
stood with my back to the Armbinder, buckled it's straps around my chest,
and after pushing the start button on the machine quickly slipped my arms
inside the still loose Armbinder (a trick I was getting quite good at,
due to lots of practice!). A few minutes later the machine had done it's
work, cementing my arms together up to my elbows and tying off the laces
using a small metal ring which only my Mistress has the tool for it's release.

After very slowly
working my way to the middle of the room (slowly due to the ankle cuffs
only allowing me to move an inch at a time) I stood in the middle of the
room, with my back to the door. A few minutes later it opened, and I could
see Mistress Carol in the mirror. She knew I was well bound, as she has
a video camera high in one corner through which she can watch me night
or day. Before she will enter she ensures that I have properly bound myself
as per her instructions. Any deviation, and she will not open the door
that day. A blatant attempt to escape is punished by at least two days
before she opens the door. I only tried that once - two days without food
or water is a long time, and the punishment that I then endured on top
of my empty stomach was enough to drive any further thoughts of escape
from my mind!

My mistress came
in carrying a very unusual collection of items in her grasp, the purpose
of which I was unable to clearly gather, as I did, of course, have my head
down in a typically submissive pose. 
"Well Slut,
I hope you are satisfied. Because of your slow work last night and this
morning I am now late to open the shop, and I'll be caught in the rush
hour traffic on the way in, and you know how much I detest that!"
I knew I was
in trouble - she really hates rush hour!
"So today you
can clean the floors, and do the dusting, and I have had the right equipment
especially made up for you to use. I've been waiting for an excuse to use
these." So saying, Mistress Carol laid her bundle on the table behind me,
and after picking out one strange item came towards me. She quickly wrapped
the contraption around my head and neck, and after tightening all the straps
I was able to see what had become of me in the mirror. There was a very
large penis gag strapped in my mouth, effectively silencing me. Sticking
out from the gag, however, was the head of a feather duster - so large
I could barely see around it. Incorporated into the gag was a high posture
collar around my neck, with a pair of viscous looking nipple clamps hanging
on a chain from the D ring at the front. Strangely enough, these clamps
also had another set of chains hanging down from the front of them.

Mistress Carol
then roughly bent me forward at the waist, and without any lubrication
forced a very long, large plug up my ass. As it went in, through the pain
I could feel bumps all along its length. She then attached some sort of
chastity harness made of strong elastic around my waist and through my
crotch, and then attached the head of a mop to the base of the Butt Plug!
The pole on the mop wasn't long enough to reach the floor, hanging about
6 inches from the ground. Immediately I could feel the tug on the plug,
and the plug slipped a few inches out of my ass as the elastic stretched,
and I again felt those bumps all along the length of the plug.

I was then stood
up straight, and the nipple clamps from the posture collar were attached
to my nipples under my Rubber Maids outfit, pulling my head down. A chain
from the base of the Butt Plug was then run up the inside of the front
of the dress, and was attached to the nipple clamps by way of the extra
chains that I had been wondering about.

My Mistress then
told me she expected the whole house dusted, and all the floors mopped,
by the time she got home this evening, or I would spend the next week bound
in a Rubber full enclosure suit which had been filled with itching powder.
After she left I immediately started on my chores, and quickly discovered
the predicament she had left me in. With my ankles hobbled so tightly,
it would take me hours just to walk from room to room, let alone back and
forth to where she had left the bucket of soapy water in the kitchen for
the mopping. The weight of the mop pulled the plug a few inches out of
my ass, which pulled on those nasty nipple clamps. When I put pressure
on the mop to try and clean the floor, it forced the plug back into my
ass, relieving the pressure on my nipples but rubbing those sharp bumps
along my rim as it went in. In order to dust anything I had to lift my
head up, again pulling on the nipple clamps, and the posture collar ensured
I had very little movement to assist me in the dusting.

It is now about
fifteen minutes before my Mistress arrives home, and I am lying on my side
in the lounge room, crying. I know I am in trouble, and that a week in
an enclosure suit will seem tame compared to what Mistress Carol is going
to do to me when she gets home. I had finished mopping the bathrooms, and
was working on the kitchen floor, when about an hour ago I managed to knock
over the bucket with the mop, spilling dirty water back over the kitchen
floor. Thinking that I could maybe alleviate my punishment by making sure
that all the dusting was done, I hurried back in to the lounge room, and
started to dust the shelves. In my haste I knocked a glass vase containing
a single red rose off the shelf above the fireplace, and at the same time
managed to overbalance myself, and ended up hitting the floor hard, right
beside the broken shards of the glass vase.

So here I am,
unable to move from my position on the floor, my nipples throbbing in pain,
waiting for my Mistress to come home and find me. I know my punishment
will be like nothing I have ever experienced before, but deep down I know
I deserve it for failing her, and I wish she would arrive home quickly
so that I may begin my punishment, and stop this waiting.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Thanks to all
those who emailed me encouragement! Keep sending the emails if you like
my stories, a bit of flattery will get you everywhere! (Or maybe another
chapter!)
The Self Bound
Latex Sub, April 2002

 18/04/02
