---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/together_at_last.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Together at Last
authors:
- Infernofothesoul
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- susp
- cons
- X
---

I awoke to my cell phone ring loudly on my bedside table. 
Groggily I answered the phone.  “Hello”
I said yawning, but was quickly awakened by the sound of the voice on the other
end.  

“Draen I bet you don’t remember me.” The woman’s
voice said with a bit of an attitude. How could I not remember that voice it was
the voice of the woman I loved it was Sam. 
A little over two years ago we had meet on the net and started dating. 
After a few months into the relationship I found out she lied to me about
her age and at her parent's threat I had not talked to her since.  

“How the hell could I forget you Sam?”  I said with an unusually joyful voice this early in the
morning.  

“So do I still have a place with you?” 
She asked in an almost terrified voice of what the answer might be.  

“You better believe you do.” 
I quickly move my phone from my ear as her shriek to of ruptured my ear
drum.  

Once she had clamed down I began to catch up with her why
I dressed.  I learned that she had
been able to remove herself from her parents and now lived with a friend of
hers.  We talked on the phone the
entire drive to where she lived, I was greeted by the sight of her as I pulled
into the driveway.  I had barely the
time to place my cell into my pocket before she jumped into my arms and kissed
me deeply.  She held up her id card
show that she was now old enough for me to be with her.  

“No, lies this time I don’t want to lose you again.” 
She said to me with one of the biggest smiles I have ever seen.  

“Get what you think you will need for a few days we will
come back for rest later if that is ok?” 
I asked.  

“I already got it so let’s go.” 
She said picking up a bag off the ground and tossing it into my truck.  

I got in my truck and she slide in next to me as I backed
out of the driveway.  On the drive
home we talked about this and that nothing to important. 
Now let me tell you a little secret about us. 
We are both big fans of B&D.  Now
here is the funny thing she is dominant to everyone, but me I am the only person
she will submit too and she has a sprit when she submits that keeps me on my
toes.  She told me that the friend
she was living with was in fact her sub.  She
then went on to tell things they have done and parties that they went to.  

We arrived at my home and were barely though the door
before she began to strip me and pull me into my bedroom. 
I won’t bore you with what happened I think you can figure that part
out on your own, but for vanilla sex it wasn’t bad at all. 
Afterwards we just held one another close and drifted of to sleep.  

We awoke mid afternoon to the sun's warm rays coming in
thought the window.  I got out of
bed and pulled on my jeans and went to answer natures call. 
When I returned to my room I was greeted by her naked form pulling on
jeans and shirt. 

“So you remember that promise you made me?” 
She asked walking over to me.  

“Of course I do, but for now let’s get something to
eat.”  I responded pulling her
with me to get some food.  Nothing fancy just a couple box pizzas and a soda was just
fine by us.  

“If you think you’re up to it I will fulfil that
promise to you.”  I said in as
close to a tempting voice as I could.  

“When am I not up to it?” 
She answered nearly jumping out of her chair.  

“Ok then follow me.”  

We walked down the steps to our dungeon and where I would
give her what she has asked me for.  I
began by making her stand in the middle of the room and slowly stripped her
freeing her smooth skin to the cool air.  I
made sure to give special attention to her breasts by teasing her nipples with
my fingers as I set them free.  I
walked over to the wall and removed a single glove.  

“Place your arms behind you palm to palm.” 
I spook in a stern whisper into her ear.  

She obeyed my order with a moan as my fingers brushed her
nipple.  I slowly eased the arm
binder over her arms.  As I ran the
straps over her shoulder I took a few seconds to nibble at her neck and ears
earning another moan to escape her lips.  I
tightened the laces slowly drawing her elbows slowly together.  Taking the gag harness from its hook on the wall I stole one
last kiss from her soft lips before pushing the rubber penis into her waiting
mouth.  I scurried the strap around
and over the top of her head and finally under her chin leaving her silent to my
wishes.  Placing my fingers under
her chin I raised her mesmerizing eyes to meet mine.  

“Spread your legs my love.” I said in a soft yet
commanding voice.  

She compiled to my command and spread her legs so that I
could attach the cold steel spreader bar to her slender ankles. 
Walking around behind her my eyes brought in every detail of her
beautiful and helpless body.  Taking
the snap hook hanging from the ceiling I clipped it to the ring at the bottom of
the arm binder.  Walking back to her
face her I took her left nipple into my mouth and began to flick it with my
tongue making it grow and harden.  As
I teased her left nipple with my mouth I used my hand on her right nipple gently
pinching and rolling it with my fore finger and thumb. 
My efforts were rewarded with a muffled moan from her gagged lips. 
Once her nipples were properly aroused I attached a pair of adjustable
pressure nipple clamps and hung a small 1 oz weight from them.  

I tore myself away from her helpless body and walked to
the wall and began to tighten the winch.  Each
turn pulled her arms higher behind her forcing her to bend at the waist. 
I stopped tightening the winch once her upper body was parallel with the
floor.  She was now in a perfect
position to be screwed from behind but first I had other plans for the moment. 
Standing behind her I leaned over and began to kiss up and down her spine
as my fingers probed her soaking cunt in search of her g-spot while my thumb
teased her clit.  I listen to the
muffled song and felt her body respond to my touch.  

As I felt her body approach release I slow my teasing so
to only allow her to continue to build but not orgasm. 
Her moans mixed with frustrated grunts and did her best to thrust into my
hand.  This only caused her torment
to grow because each and every movement was making the weights attached to her
nipple clamps swing and pull gently at the clamps. 
After a half an hour I stopped my teasing and let her cool down a bit
before I moved on with my plan.  

Walking in front of her my eyes locked with hers. 
Her look told me I had done my job well as her look almost begged me to
let her cum.  After a few minutes I
tore my eyes away from hers and walked where her eyes could not follow me to
retrieve my next tool.  In the short
time I have been with her I have learnt that cold objects will get her going
faster than anything I could so this bit of teasing I would let her body do it
to itself.  I retrieved the ice
cubes I had hidden with me on the way down and returned to my love.  

She was now fighting her bonds to see what I had planed
for her now and let out a long loud moan when I slid the first piece of ice into
her.  She danced as much as her
bondage allowed when the frozen cube touched her sensitive hot flesh. 
It was a very beautiful sight watching her body fight itself as it was
once again brought to the edge without the ability to go over. 
I inserted three more cubes over the next half an hour and each time
shone a new dance.  She was now
desperate to cum.  She moved her
body so wildly swinging the weights pulling at her sensitive buds, but that only
fuelled her need to cum.  

At this moment I could no longer deny myself the pleasure
of taking her.  I remove the little
clothing that I had on and stood behind her. 
Using my hand to align myself I forced myself to enter her as slowly as I
could manage.  I placed my hand on her hips to stop her from using me like a
jackhammer I continued my slow advance into her.  Once I had fully pushed myself into her I felt a hunger deep
inside to fuck her fast as I could manage, but this I denied and slow pulled
myself back and forth increasing speed and power only slightly on every advance.  

Even though my pace was slow I felt her body start to cum. 
I waited for the moment that she was just hitting her orgasm at that
moment I began to move as hard and fast as I could. 
Even with a gag her screams of pleasure were loud and echoed around the
room.  It was not long after this
that my body gave into its own pleasureable release. 
I quickly undid the winch so if her legs failed her she would not
dislocate her shoulders from falling.  

As luck would have it though her legs though shaking held
long enough for me to release her ankles from the spreader bar. 
I picked her up and carried her to a small bed were I gently laid her
down.  I sat down next to her and
undid the straps to her gag.  Once I
had removed her gag I was assaulted by the most passionate kisses I have ever
received.  

“Thank you my love for that it was amazing.” She said
once she had finished kissing me.  

“You are welcome.  I’m
glad you enjoyed it.”  

She smiled the wicked smile of hers that I love so much as
she manoeuvred herself backwards.  She
bent over and took my limp member into her mouth and brought it to its full
glory once more.  Knowing better than to argue with her I helped her impale
herself on it.  She used her leg to
slam our hips together as we met each other stroke for stroke.  It was short, but we both received wonderful orgasms from it. 
She collasped exhausted onto my chest. 
I reached up and undid the laces on her single glove and pulled it free
from her.  Her arms fell to her
sides once free from the glove.  Weakly
she slid sideways to lay on my shoulder and brought her arm up and placed it on
my chest.  My last sight before I
drifted off to sleep was her already asleep on my shoulder with a very satisfied
smile on her face.

15.07.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
