---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A True Fairy Tale
authors:
- S M Ackerman
tags:
- M/f
- F/f
- bond
- capture
- kidnap
- bdsm
- slave
- auction
- sold
- reluct/nc
- XX
---

**A Cautionary Note.**

**When I was a young girl my Mommy told me Fairy tales. When I was older I learnt that they are not real. When I was twenty I learnt that I was wrong, but that fairies sometimes are not as nice as I always thought they were! Not all fairies have pretty wings and eat ambrosia; some have pretty wings and whips and chains, and feed you gruel just for fun**!

My Tale Of Woe.

It all began for me on a Monday morning in June, when I strolled across my ‘two acre grass lawn, ignoring the weeds!’ Down to the woods at the bottom of my garden, where I found a hole in a tree, filled with glistening dust. I made my first mistake right then! I touched the dust, and then carefully smell at it, how stupid am I? My mistake was thinking that just because it was pretty and had a nice smell, that it was harmless!

My head went light, the tree went blurred, and I felt myself falling backwards onto the very edge of my neat cut lawn. I had passed out, well been knocked out really, and that was the last thing I remember happening before I woke up.

Bound face down on the back of a giant worm, being led by a creature I know should not exist outside of books, and should, if it did exist, be a very nice creature to know.

The Fairy nearly fitted with the descriptions of its kind I had first encountered in the tales my Mommy told to me. It was very thin, stick thin, in fact so thin it could have been a Super Model, if it didn’t have a pair of gossamer wings on its back, which flapped gently now and again.

My hands were pulled forward and secured with rope at the wrists, as for my feet I could not see them, Obviously! I could feel rope holding them clamped together at the ankles and cutting into my skin. Riding on the back of a giant worm could have been amazing, if I wasn’t bound over its back, being led to god knows where, for god only knows why. I decided to remain as I was and be patient for a while, I am certain I will soon discover the meaning of my captivity, and where the bloody hell I am, and even how the hell I got here?

Then I changed my mind and called out to the Fairy, who blatantly ignored me! Which I might say, was not very nice of him! Determined not to be ignored I screamed at him, kicking at the side of the giant worm in my frustration. Kicking the worm did nothing, but my scream certainly did. He turned lightening fast, leapt into the air his wings beating, and before I even saw it coming, he withdrew a three tailed whip from his belt and lashed it hard across my perfectly presented back. I screamed again but this time in pain.

“Shut the fuck up bitch or you will get more, much more.”

Now odd as it might seem to you I nearly screamed at him again, because you need to understand, I am a bit of a masochist, and I quite enjoyed the taste of his lash! I am enjoying being bound up tight, which is something I often do to myself! In fact that is why I was walking to the woods in the first place. I was planning exactly how to secure my naked body, and how to release it when I had suffered enough. This is called self-bondage, and is so much fun, if you pay attention to the details.

Anyway, I remained silent; I could always annoy him again in the future if I need to feel his whip again. For now I will try to enjoy this obvious day-dream. I think I must have fallen asleep on the grass somehow, and am just dreaming this Fairy and his whip. But for a dream the pain in my back is quite intense and feels very real!

Sometime later we arrived at a large wooden gate. My Fairy guided our worm to the left of the gate and secured it somehow that I could not see. Then he untied my feet and then flew to the far side of me (over the top of me and the worm), he faced me, still I note with his whip very much in evidence. He waved it in my face saying.

“You be a good slut, and do exactly what you are told and you will do just fine, don’t and your hide will be pealed from your skinny bones!”

I don’t know why, but I believed him implicitly! I decided that silence is golden and obedience imperative. The thought of having my flesh torn from my bones is not quite what I want out of my self-bondage games, or for that matter my day-dreams either! He untied my hands from the worm but did not release them. I slid off the creature and because my legs had gone to sleep I ended up in a heap looking down at the dirt.

He tipped a flask of ice-cold water over my head! If you have never had this done to you, might I suggest that you try it before thinking it is nothing! It is far from nothing as my shrieks did testify. He, damn him, laughed down at me. I shook my head making sure that some of the water splashed on his legs. It seems to me, if this example is normal for a Fairy, that they do not wear trousers, but instead they wear a short tunic of sorts.

He jumped back, and again I felt the kiss of his whip across my back. It bloody well hurts, I can feel the fire burning my flesh at its touch, my dress split, rent open by the force of the whip stroke! I quickly decided that a few more strokes and I will have my flesh ripped asunder by that whip, I lower my head, adopting the perfect female slave act of contrition and obedience position.

He forced me to my feet and led me by my bound hands through the wooden gate and into a world of strange creatures, and even stranger customs.

A world where captive humans are kept as pets or as slaves! Where they are bought and sold, bartered like so much cattle.

A world where life is controlled by the Masters, and I note, some Mistresses, but they all have one thing in common, they have gossamer wings, and evil tempers I will learn soon.

He took me to the slave blocks and shortly I am standing facing a group of males, all looking at me, whilst the auctioneer makes a sale lot out of me.

I am sold to another and my ownership is passed on! I did not know it at this time, but my life is no longer my own, my body is their to satisfy my Mistress. Yes I said Mistress! I have been bought by a male as a gift for his lady love! She is beautiful to look at, but beneath that beauty beats a heart of pure iron. She does not have a whip, she has hundreds!

I am not placed in her quarters but in her dungeon, and my duties are not to please her by my service, they are to please her by my suffering!

This is the start of my adventure in the land called Fairy, and I will, if I am able to, tell you of what happens to me under my new Mistresses ownership, in a future story.

For now I must go, I have a whipping to suffer through as entertainment for my Mistress’s guest. It is after all, her ‘day of birth’ celebration party, and what better entertainment can there be for her guests than to watch and listen to, than screams of a human female?

10.07.10

story continues in [**A True Fairy Tale 2**](truefairytale2.html)

o0o
