---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sindy's Saturday
authors:
- sin_dy
tags:
- n-a
---

\*
SINDY'S  SATURDAY
by sin\_dy

He stood behind me.  His arms around my waist, hugging me and swaying
to the music as I gazed out the window at the birds feeding.  I was
in the process of getting dressed as he came up behind me.  Now I
could feel his cock starting to swell against my bottom.  His hands
instinctively moved up and began caressing my breasts.  I could tell
he was all worked up again; even though we had just made love late last
night.

"Don't you ever get enough?" "Are you kidding? Not with a girl like
you and besides it was over way too fast."  I thought, yeah it was
for him.  I couldn't blame him considering how i must have looked
tied like that and looking so helpless and exposed.  My wrists were
tied spread apart to the headboard and ropes were tied around each knee,
pulling my legs wide apart and back over my head.  My pussy and anus
right there like a luscious dessert waiting to be devoured.

"But I need to get dressed.  We have a dozen things to do today. 
If you're a good boy I will give you a reward before you have to go to
work at four."  I turned around and kissed him.  I could tell
he was like a hurt puppy that just had his favorite toy taken away. 
"Anyway, there is aways tonight."  I patted his bulge and said, "good
boy, good boy and laughed."

He started himself a pot of coffee as I slipped on my old sweater and
jeans.  After some cereal I checked on my horses and he began the
long job of mowing the front yard.  I tackled the laundry and fought
the vacuum cleaner.  Now it was already one thirty.  Our neighbour
stopped by to talk farm stuff.  I begin to think he would never leave.

I kept thinking back to the promise made earlier and wouldn't you know
it, I was getting horny again.  I planned to fully reward my man with
the best blow job of his life just before he took off for work.

Right before his shower he got something out of his jeep and I heard
him rummaging around the bedroom.  Finally he came out of the shower
all pink, warm, naked, and erect!  "Looks like your ready for that
reward." "Not so fast," as he lifted me up from my knees.  "Time for
you to take a shower and then I have a surprise." He pushed me toward the
bathroom.  Well if thats what he wanted.

I stripped and let the hot water stream over me as I soaped up all his
favorite body parts.  After drying off I went back into the bedroom
only to find him almost dressed for work.  Shirt, tie, badge in place
but no pants or underware.  "Looks like I am just in time."

"Kneel", he said.  As I began to lick and take him into my mouth,
I felt him wrapping a collar around my neck.  There was something
very erotic about all of this and I shivered with excitement.  I could
hear the small padlock click shut insuring the collar wouldn't be coming
off anyways soon.  He lifted up my arms to rest on his chest and I
could feel the handcuffs ratchet shut.  I could tell from his hardness
and involuntary thrusting that he was caught up in the excitement of the
moment.

Here I was a naked slave girl (forced) to give head to her master in
uniform.  Suddenly he errupted filling my mouth full and dripping
some off my chin.  As he withdrew, more splatters hit my face. 
"Boy were you all worked up.  You almost drowned me that time."

"Stand up there is more to do."  Puzzeled I got to my feet as he
picked up some ankle cuffs from the bed.  "I wouldn't want you running
off while I am at work."  He quickly closed each cuff and using his
handcuff key, double locked them and also double locked my wrist cuffs.

"Hmmmm just a couple more things to do."  He wrapped a length of
chain around my waist and padlocked it in front; leaving about a foot of
loose chain hanging down.  He locked another length of chain to the
front "D" ring on my collar and locked the other end to the center of the
chain between my ankles.

This all was happening so fast.  I wanted to wipe off my mouth
and breasts, but the box of tissues was on the other side of the bed. 
He now took another lock and connected my handcuffs to the one foot chain
from my waist and to the chain coming down from my collar.

"Gee look at the time. I am almost late getting out of here." 
And with that he slapped me on the ass and held up the ring of keys to
all my locks and dangled them in front of my face.  "You won't be
needing these this evening.  See you later.  Have fun."

Suddenly he was gone.  As I heard him motor down the driveway the
situation suddenly became real.  Here I was naked in cuffs and chains
and no possible way of escape.  He would be away for almost nine hours
and now I really did feel like a slave.

I tested my bonds to see how far I could reach.  I could touch
my chin and do my bathroom chores, if need be.  I could walk with
carefull steps.  This is great, I thought to myself.  I finally
got my tissues and made an attempt to wipe the drying cum off my face. 
I found it was easy to finger my clit and rub myself , with chains rattling,
to a long toe twitching orgasm.

I had to learn to walk and reach all over again but I managed to fix
myself some supper and even talk on the computer without anyone on the
chat channel knowing my situation.  About seven the phone rang. 
"Hello.  Are we having fun yet?" "As a matter of fact I am. 
Come home and see how wet I am."  "You haven't been playing with yourself
have you?  Slaves are not allowed to touch themselves without permission. 
Guess you will have to stay in chains till you learn your lesson."

Click. He hung up.  Was he serious?  I thought he would never
get home.  Finally I heard him drive in.  As he came through
the door, he just looked at me with a grin.  "Dam you look good enough
to eat."  I said, "well it has been a long evening without a man and
I do need some serious attention."

He took hold of my collar chain and led me to the bedroom.  I laid
back on the bed and watched him undress.  "Looks like you're UP to
the job", I said with a smirk.  He fumbled with the ring of keys and
unlocked my handcuff chain from the other chains.  Then he unlocked
the cuff on my left wrist.

"Stick your hands through there", as he pointed to the slots in our
headboard.  Quickly he locked the cuff back on to my wrist. 
Now I was trapped on the bed with my hands over my head.  He pulled
down on my ankles and spread my legs apart as far as the ankle cuffs would
allow.  "Now down to business", as he kissed  my inner thighs.

He slowly worked me over with his tongue, spending extra time on my
hot spot.  I felt another delicious orgasm building.  Then he
moved up, putting his knees on either side of me.  His cock stiffened
even more as he listened to my slurping noises and enjoyed every little
flick of my tongue.

"How would you like to stay in those chains awhile longer?"  We
kept eye contact as I continued my head movements.  I moaned something. 
"Good.  Good.  If you insist." "What?"  He pulled away and
went to the toy box and pulled out a length of rope.  He attached
one end under the bed to something and tied the other end to my ankle cuff
chain.

He pulled the rope tight, bringing my legs together and drawing the
chain from my collar tight into my cleavage.  "Maybe after a good
nights sleep we can discuss the length of your confinement."  All
I could say was, "yes mister law man.  Oh yes."  He threw a blanket
over me, turned off the light, and crawled into bed.

Laying on his side, he lightly fingered me and kissed me passionately. 
"Good night", we both said at about the same time.  Not long afterwards,
I could tell from his breathing that he was asleep.  I laid there,
carefull not to rattle my chains, and thought to myself.  What a wonderful
guy.  What a wonderful saturday.  And I fell asleep wondering
what will happen to me tomorrow.

07/02/02
