---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Knight and the Mage
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- rope
- fantasy
- majick
- blindfold
- naked
- tease
- mast
- feet
- breathplay
- climax
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-09-13 00:00:00
---

Lyra bit playfully at her bottom lip. She couldn’t help it, the exquisite sight beneath her was transfixing. The elf’s lavender eyes, half closed in pleasure, soaked in the visage of the tightly bound and completely nude knight beneath her chair. The redhaired woman, despite her athletic frame, could barely move in her bonds.

Ropes lashed the human knight’s ankles and knees together. Though she couldn’t see it, Lyra knew another three coils of rope held the knight’s arms tightly restrained behind her back. One coil about her wrists. Another cinched just above the woman’s elbows, pulling them close until they painfully touched. The third wrapped around the nude knight’s upper arms and connected to the ropes that the mage had fashioned into a chest harness for her “victim” tonight. The ropes pulling tight around the base of the woman’s breasts causing them to bulge outward.

The elven mage mused in her mind that despite the knight’s strong arms, toned legs, and physical prowess on the battlefield, it had taken remarkably little to completely incapacitate her. Lyra’s pale purple eyes flitted across what she could see of the human woman’s body. It was beautiful, a testament to the hard work that she had put into her training. A few errant scars marred her pale skin; indicative of a life spent in battle.

Warmth swelled in Lyra’s heart; Valaire was remarkable in so many ways. In all her centuries, she had never found someone quite like Val. The human woman was the epitome of what a valiant knight should be. That was remarkable in of itself to the mage for, in her vast experience, no others she had met ever lived up to the lofty standards of what a knight should be. Sure, Val had her flaws and faults, but in all ways that truly mattered, she seemed to have leapt out from one of those myths of a time long lost.

Val carried herself with honor, and never forsook her friends or those in need, whether they deserved it or not. A heart of gold a bard might call it. Lyra knew from experience that the female knight would put herself between others and any threat. Her mind was remarkably sharp, and her empathy next to none. Perhaps that was the most remarkable trait, thought the elf. Val could meet tyrant or demon, and somehow find commonality and understanding with them. In the few short years the elf had known her, Val had made the mage a better person. So, what if she had some peculiar tastes in the bedroom? Lyra didn’t mind indulging those, and had even come to enjoy many of them, much like she was now.

Lyra’s gaze started touring the impressive form below her, with the woman’s abs, the lowest part of the knight’s body she could currently see, as the starting point. They were a beautiful reminder of just how the warrior took care of herself. Lyra’s eyes drifted up the toned yet still feminine body stretched out beneath her. The knight’s nipples were erect, a clear sign of her arousal at her current predicament, a predicament she had explicitly requested. Next was the neck Lyra had kissed untold times, more often than not leaving her mark there, but not tonight, or at least not yet the elf smiled to herself.

As her vision reached the beautiful knight’s face, some of the features became obscured by Lyra’s own leg and bare foot. Particularly, the mage couldn’t see the knight’s cute pointed chin or soft yet strong lips, but oh could she feel the latter. The redhead’s lips danced greedily along the sole and toes of the elf’s elegant and slender foot. The kisses caressing Lyra’s foot were gentle, but firm attestations of the knight’s devotion to the mage. Each new brush of lips on her supple feet, made Lyra bite ever so harder on her own bottom lip.

A part of her wanted to see the lust in the knight’s emerald green eyes, but the silken purple blindfold tied about Val’s head made the experience far more enjoyable for the knight as she lay on the worn wooden floor. Lyra could still see the familiar and urgent desire etched on her lover’s face. Her eyes lovingly lingering on the smattering of freckles that spanned from one cheek, across her nose, and to the other cheek. Using her free foot, Lyra lazily began to caress Val’s left cheek, eventually moving on to trace the woman’s jawline with pointed toes. A soft moan escaped from the knight between her never-ending kisses. Lyra knew from experience that as her toes pressed along the redhaired woman’s jaw, the intensity of the kisses on her other foot would rise. The knight’s decorum already seemed to be wavering. Lyra raised a playfully malicious eyebrow.

The mage began rubbing the sole of her unkissed foot across every part of Valaire’s face. Faint moans began to regularly erupt between the kisses that themselves became even more intense and needy on the other foot. The knight began alternating between long passionate kisses and letting her tongue flick out tracing the wrinkles of the mage’s bare foot. Lyra found the sensations divine as always, her breaths growing heavier. The first time she had felt this worship; it had been a paradigm shift in understanding for both her partner and herself. She rested her elbow on the velvet cushioned arm of the chair, her hand propping up her head. A mischievous glint arose in her lavender eyes. She gave the knight a playful set of taps to the forehead with her free foot before seductively purring, “Open.”

When the knight failed to react to the command, either lost in the fantasy of the moment or willfully ignoring her, Lyra raised a now curious and impish eyebrow. She lifted the same foot again, but this time in place of a playful light tap, she brought it down with far more force. The result was a loud skin on skin slap, a cheek turning red, and a cute yelp. In as imperious a tone as she could manage, Lyra asked, “Do you think I like repeating myself, knight?” Internally, Lyra still struggled with acting in such a manner towards her paramour, but she knew it was what the bound warrior craved.

“No, my mistress,” the words coming along with an accompanying moan. Lyra could feel the lust in the air, and she knew her part in this dance.

The mage didn’t say another word, she simply repeated the hard face slap with her foot, an unspoken command and expectation. Another moan from the redheaded knight. This time though, her lips parted. The mage took advantage, pressing her left foot down. First, one then another, and another toe slipped past the soft lips. She felt the graze of the knight’s teeth as her toes entered the warm and wet mouth below. “No, teeth,” the words a clear command. The knight did her best to widen her mouth to accommodate the order. As the mage’s toes pressed deeper, she began flexing and pointing them. In response, Val’s tongue began to fondle each digit as if they were a precious gift. Affecting a blithe accent this time, the mage tutted, “Finally, someone is acting like a good girl.” The words sent a quiver of lust through the knight, her lips wrapping around the front of the mage’s foot, her tongue dancing over, under, and between each toe. A confident smile spread across Lyra’s face, “And good girls get rewarded.” Another shudder of pleasure ran through the knight, her body anticipating the next step in their tango of desire.

Lyra with skill honed over centuries of an adventurer’s life, focused on her magic, her eyes flickered with arcane light as she incanted what was in truth a simple cantrip, though it was modified beyond its usual parameters. With a flick of the wrist and a snap of her fingers the magic coalesced in an instant as a bevy of unseen arcane hands flickered into existence. Each dutifully began to perform its task. A pair kneaded the redhaired woman’s breasts in a sensual rhythm. Still another pair teased the woman’s nipples, pinching and rolling them between the invisible fingers. Two more set to sliding and rubbing across the tightly bound and toned legs of the warrior. The most important though, was the singular magical hand that wormed its way between the knight’s strong thighs. It settled in Val’s most sensitive area. Three invisible fingers sliding past the woman’s labia, while another came to rest on the woman’s clit.

The sudden onslaught had an immediate effect on the knight. Despite her bindings she began to thrash and undulate as her arousal began to build at an all-new frenetic pace. Lyra enhanced the scenario, pressing her left foot deeper into Val’s mouth, while the mage’s right foot rubbed vigorously across the rest of her knight’s face. The warrior responded by ravenously sucking and licking the intruder. Lyra herself moaned, nearly losing focus at the intense foot worship. She might still find the domineering aspect of their play alien, but she had grown to love the sensations of her feet being worshiped by her valiant knight. Her hand now slipped under her dress, playfully circling her own clitoris.

Their combined pleasure building towards a shared crescendo, the elf knew the next step in this familiar dance. She willed the unseen hand between Valaire’s legs to hasten to the fastest pace she could manage. Her right foot drifted from its caressing survey of the knight’s face, until it hovered over the woman’s nose. In a quick motion Lyra seized Val’s nose between her toes, clamping it shut and denying the intoxicated knight one source of oxygen. Next, she drove her left foot deeper into the knight’s mouth. The warrior gagged slightly and sputtered for a moment as her lips settled halfway up the mage’s arch, but then she managed to recover, ragged breaths coming around the invader.

Not far enough then, Lyra mused. She pointed her toes and foot sharply, as if forming a sensual spear, pinning the bound woman’s tongue to the floor of her mouth. With experienced strength, Lyra then drove the pointed foot as deep as she could. She felt Val’s mouth close around her soft foot nearly to her heel. The elf’s toes crushed and curled against the back of Val’s throat. The familiar throbbing of Val’s complete and utterly gagging mouth constricting almost painfully around Lyra’s assaulting foot. The warrior could no longer breathe through her mouth or her nose. She hadn’t even been afforded the opportunity to take a real breath in the sudden sensual attack either. Her body, aroused as it was, quickly burned through what little air was in her lungs, and she began to convulse both in pleasure and in the panic that accompanied her growing asphyxiation.

Lyra’s heart caught in her chest for the briefest of moments at this point, as it always did, the slightest worry creeping in at the mounting distress and lust raging through her beautiful and tormented lover. She felt her own desire overtaking the fear though, as she savored the exquisite sight of the woman she had fallen for thrash in a maelstrom of animalistic need to breath and lust for an approaching orgasm. They were both nearly there, that blissful place. Val shook her head side-to-side trying to knock loose the grip of Lyra’s toes on her nose, but the elf was too practiced in this little ballet of theirs. Her toes firmly remained in place. Next, the warrior’s frantic need for oxygen and release caused her to strain violently against the ropes holding her bound. Her back tried to arch up, but could only go so far before her hips pressed against the underside of the chair Lyra sat on. Then the final desperate bid for oxygen came, as the mage felt the knight’s tongue press uselessly but desperately against the arch of Lyra’s left foot in a pathetic attempt to dislodge it.

Lyra bit her lower lip hard enough to draw blood, as she and her partner orgasmed intensely at the denouement of their familiar dance. The mage convulsed and slumped in bliss into the caress of the chair she occupied. She was distantly aware of the series of spasms radiating up from Val’s body through her feet, which still entrapped the knight in a breathless world. As the elf rode out the delightful ecstasy of her own orgasm and its afterglow, the spasms that she felt at her feet began to slacken and turn into sporadic twitches. She should let her lover breathe, but the siren call of a second orgasm close on the heels of her first, compelled Lyra to leave her feet where they were, even pressing her left foot harder into the gagging woman’s mouth. The second orgasm crashed across Lyra with ten times the force of the first, a banshee-like shriek escaping her lungs.

At the same moment one last shuddering convulsion wracked the knight as well, as her second orgasm ended in unconsciousness. Despite the trance she felt from two beautifully intense orgasms, Lyra knew she needed to move her feet. She released Val’s nose from one foot’s crushing toes and then withdrew a now soaking wet foot from the knight’s mouth. A line of spittle clinging to the mage’s toes. Lyra lightly tapped one foot on her lover’s forehead in an effort to return her to the world of the conscious. A moment of trepidation hung in the air as Lyra awaited a sign from her lover. Finally, as the elf’s heart began to tense in worry, the knight released a sputtering cough.

Lyra gave her paramour a moment to recover as she leaned down closer to the bound woman. Her breath hot in Valaire’s ear, she asked seductively, “How was it my knight?”

The redhaired beauty, still panting, tried to answer, “Ha, ha, it w-was…it was p-perfectly…ha, ha, perfectly intense.” Val licked her own lips, wetting them before asking, “And you, my darling?” The knight’s words were a mix of expectant hope, but also anxiousness.

The mage smiled warmly at her ever-valiant knight worrying more about her lover’s pleasure than the fact that she herself had passed out. Such a remarkable woman. How had Lyra found this beauty? She positioned her face over Val’s, her delicate hands pulling the silk blindfold away. The knight’s eyes, fluttering open, revealed her emerald eyes, a sea of perfect green. There was concern in them as they searched for an answer to their owner’s query. Still smiling, Lyra replied, “Divine as always, my chivalrous knight.” She reached down and their lips entwined for a passionate kiss that seemed to stretch on towards eternity.

Finally, breaking away, Lyra returned to her seated position on the ornate chair. “Ready for another go?” she flirtingly asked.

“Of course, my mistress,” the knight dropped her tone seductively at the final word of her sentence.

Lyra raised an eyebrow, as she dangled her right foot just out of reach of Val’s lips. Her features turned stern, as she assumed her role once more in their playful dance. A cold domineering tone infecting her voice, “Good, but it seems you have neglected half of your duty my errant knight.” The mage pressed her foot to her knight’s lips. As the wonderful kisses began to caress the second slender foot of the night, the mage sighed thinking how by the gods and hells had she gotten this lucky.
