---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Club 10
authors:
- Rubbere
tags:
- F-m
- latex
- display
- cons
- X
---

I grasped the knob on the glossy black
door. The anonymous alley entrance to the club on the other side had no sign, no
name, no hint of its existence. My heart was pounding as anxiety welled up
inside my body and replaced the roaring desire for sex that had been there
earlier in the day. Now I was nervous, my hands cold and clammy, and I felt
extremely heavy, exhausted, and not quite sure I had the ability to finally go
through with what we had discussed so many times. But I would not allow myself
to turn back. I couldn’t return to my apartment knowing I would regret not
doing this. 

Doubt flooded my mind. This was the
right place wasn’t it? I looked back at the street from which I had turned.
The sign for Club 10 lit the sidewalk with a red glow. “In the alley behind
Club 10,” her instructions played back in my head. I turned the knob and
pushed open the door. Music exploded from inside, the heavy, pulsing bass
practically blasted me back into the alley. 

Closing the door behind me, I looked
around. It was very dark, and very busy, providing both a sense of mystery and
confusion. The warmth and humidity carried the odor of cigarettes and perfume,
invading my nostrils, triggering an additional dose of adrenaline. 

“May I see your membership
card?” 

Eyes slowly adjusting, I made out a
large hulk of a man standing beneath a black light behind a podium. His hair was
pulled back in a tight ponytail, and his muscular chest was decorated with
brightly colored tattoos, showing from beneath a black leather vest. A chrome
chain attached to a large black leather choker led downward, the other end of
which was hidden behind the podium. Heart racing, I reached into my pocket and
grasped the guest card I had been given the evening before. I showed it to
him. 

“You must be in fetish attire to enter
the club,” he replied. I opened the top of my overcoat so he could see I was
in compliance. I had never worn latex in public, and now I became extremely
self-conscious. My hope was that the two glasses of cabernet I drank before I
left the apartment would take over soon, and shut down my inhibitions. 

“Thank you. The bar is to your left,
show room on your right, dressing rooms in the center, enjoy your evening,”
the hulk motioned with a massive tattooed arm as he spoke. I headed for the
dressing room, following the advice I had been given earlier. My eyes were still
adjusting to the dimness, and as I entered the dressing room, my courage rose.
The room was lit with red lights, giving an otherwise utilitarian room a
somewhat erotic glow. Two men were changing in front of a row of lockers. One
was wearing tight rubber chaps, open at the rear, and was pouring talc into the
bottom of a latex t-shirt while chatting matter-of-factly with the other. A
black latex cock and ball sheath covered his genitals. His perfect penis was
semi-erect, and his balls, held tight by the latex, had been forced into a
single, shiny black globe. 

The second man, naked, save for a pair
of rubber briefs and gold rings through his pierced nipples, was rummaging
through his sports bag. The sight of others in outrageous rubber was
encouraging, and my anxiety began to back down. I walked over to an empty locker
and removed my coat. I still felt conspicuous, but they continued talking, and
barely noticed my presence. I hung up my coat and removed my latex hood from the
pocket. Closing the door, I hurried to the mirror on the opposite side of the
lockers. The sight of myself approaching in the mirror fascinated me. My catsuit
fits extremely well, it is tight, and the hours of lifting weights and endless
stomach crunches show through its shiny black skin. The rear of the catsuit is
custom fitted so that it enters and accentuates the crack of my firm round ass
like a second skin. In the front, a latex pouch covers my cock and balls,
revealing their shape through stretched rubber. The pouch is basically a thong
with thick rubber straps forming the waist, front, and rear bands, and employs
silky thin black latex for covering the genitals. It bulges where my catsuit is
unzipped above the crotch, where my cock and balls are squeezed out and held
proud by the tightness of the suit. Allowing freedom of movement as I walk or
become aroused, I like the way it looks, the way it feels, and the way it adds
to the overall sensual experience. 

I stopped in front of the mirror, and
raised the hood to my head. I pulled it down over my face and neck, breathing in
the exotic rubber aroma I have begun to associate with sex, pussy cum, and
orgasm. The smell triggered a rush of blood to my penis, swelling it and setting
the pleasure nerves under its tip to tingling. The wine was definitely taking
effect. My semi-swollen sex was now obvious to anyone, to everyone, yet my hood
and mask gave me complete anonymity and an increased sense of boldness. I felt
aroused and wicked. I thrust my pelvis forward and gave my cock a squeeze to
force the blood out of it so I could enjoy the feeling of it pulsing back in,
increasing its size and making it more sensitive. 

I adjusted the eye and mouth holes in my
mask so they lined up correctly. I smoothed the neck down, making sure it fit snugly,
feeling its tightness across my face as I tucked it into the collar. It had to
be perfectly smooth for the right effect, and I enjoyed the ritual this
entailed. The hood restricted my breathing somewhat and amplified the sound of
air being sucked in and forced out. I stood and admired myself in the mirror.
The look was otherworldly, alien, and astonishingly erotic. Now my dick was
fully erect, but held in its place by the pouch, its swollen head clearly
visible through the stretched black latex. 

As I turned and headed for the door, my
swollen organ bulging in front of me, I noticed the two men staring as I left,
and it gave me another engorging surge. To get to the show room, I had to cross
the foyer into which I had first entered. Several people were showing ID to the
‘hulk’ and stopped what they were doing to observe me as I passed. My pace
slowed as the exhibitionist in me took over. One of the women patted my ass as I
went by. “Very nice!” she yelled to be heard over the music. I turned to
face her, so she could see I was aroused. Her eyes widened when they dropped to
my crotch, and I could see her lips form the word “Fuck”. I wanted to walk
up to her and place her hand on my cock, but I had an appointment to keep, so I
continued on to the show room where ‘she’ had said she would meet me. 

‘She’ was an amazing woman,
confident in her outrageous sexuality, silky smooth in her conversation, and
always ready for a good time. But when I entered the show room, I wasn’t ready
for what I saw. The show room was small, with perhaps only 10 table-booths
around its purple walls. It was lit with dimmed recessed lights that glowed
orange from within a black ceiling. Men and women dressed in various rubber and
bondage costumes were seated in the booths engaged in varying stages of sexual
activity, their bodies reflecting the cozy glow of candlelight. 

Their attention was riveted on the
figure in the center of the room. She was slouched in a chair that was on a
small raised platform. A single spotlight in the ceiling above her was brighter
than the rest, making it look as though she were onstage. The amber light
gleamed on her dazzling rubber body. A black skin-tight latex hood and mask
covered her head and face, fitting her perfectly, without a wrinkle, so that her
head appeared to be made from a single piece of polished ebony. Bright red lips
protruded from her mouth hole, and contrasted dramatically with the blackness
covering her face. Shiny latex accentuated her pert round breasts, making them
appear as though they had been molded in rubber, their nipples permanently erect
and exaggerated. Each was pierced with a glistening silver ring and connected to
the other by a silver chain. Her long latex legs were spread wide, supported by
extremely high, spiked-heeled boots. 

She had unzipped her catsuit from back
to front to expose twin mounds of engorged shiny labia below a small patch of
blonde hair. She was immensely proud of her sex, and the others in the room had
their attention fully upon it. She loved that. It excited her, and made her cum
run from her hole like a slow, weak stream of creamy urine, steadily dripping
from those swollen lips into a small puddle on the seat of the chair. She teased
them, repeatedly dipping her finger into the puddle to suck it off as the room
hooted and cheered. She was demonstrating her adeptness with a long black,
cock-shaped dildo that was protruding from her vagina. I watched her as she held
it with black rubber hands and plunged it in again and again. In and out of her
cunt, she rammed it with a fury, thrusting her pelvis forward, only pausing to
stir it ferociously after burying it in her as far as it would go. 

The music was blaring, but I could hear
her loud, guttural grunt with each stroke as it slammed into her. “Unnh unnh
unnh fuck! Unnh! Unnh! Fuck! Unnh! Shit! Fuck me! – Fuck me! Fuck! - Oh fuck!
Fuck my fucking fuck hole! Unnh! Shit! Uhnnnnnnhh! 

Suddenly, she stopped. She sat
motionless for a moment, as if she was spent. Having a flare for the dramatic,
she began pulling the rubber cock out slowly, so as not to lose any of the
precious honey that had accumulated on it. Her glistening inner labia gripped it
and were pulled along the length of it as it slid from her drooling lips. She
raised it to her mouth and coyly licked it while watching the reaction of the
others. Her cum gleamed on the dildo as she inserted and withdrew it once more
from her steaming slit. It dripped with that thick white cum that is present
when women are first aroused. My cock twitched and grew as I beheld this
incredible sight. She noticed me standing at the door, and turned herself toward
me, spreading her thighs slowly to expose herself to me. She motioned me over to
her. 

My heart pounded as I moved to the
center of the room, my bulge moving from side to side ahead of me as I walked. I
left the security of the dark corner in which I had been standing into the very
center of all attention. I loved it. My hand stroked and squeezed my cock hoping
everyone was watching as I walked over and stood in front of her. "Lick
it" she mouthed, and held the dildo to my mouth. Kneeling to receive her
offering, I sensed its warmth, it having just been inside her, and its scent was
a delicious mixture of sweat, cum, and the pungent perfume of her anus. I didn't
hesitate, but devoured it in my mouth, pushing it down my throat to where her
hand held it. She placed her hand on the back of my head and moved it in and out
of my mouth several times, fucking my face with her dildo. It slipped between my
lips easily, still slimy with her thick cum, and I was able to control my gag
reflex enough to enjoy its fullness in my throat. She pulled it out one last
time and returned it to her pussy. I looked up at her, cum and saliva dripping
from my lips, and moved closer, wanting to get between her thighs. 

But before I could move, she grabbed the
back of my head and pulled me to her mouth and kissed me, her tongue penetrating
my mouth, cleaning the her cum deep from within me. The smell of her latex was
intoxicating. The shininess of her legs and the warmth I could feel through the
rubber was pure sex. I felt my cock straining against its pouch, stretching it
tight against the underside of my balls, lifting and separating them. I pulled
at the pouch but before I could release myself, she had slid from her chair, and
had encircled her gloved hand around my cock. She squeezed it, and with rubber
fingers, lightly stroked the rubber covering my balls, creating tiny pleasure
vibrations that traveled up my shaft. She continued stroking while she delivered
the kiss to my lips. She has incredibly soft lips, and the smell of her saliva
and lipstick compelled me to pull her closer. 

At this she pulled away and, pushing me
to the floor, dropped her head between my legs and plunged my rubber-covered
penis down her throat. Her free hand squeezed and pulled at my balls till they
ached with pleasure. Then she released me, and pulled the pouch to one side,
exposing my stiff shaft. She gazed at it, and played with it, lightly stroking
its underside, lightly licking around its head. I saw my veins enlarge and that
purple head grow as she squeezed the base of my cock. When a drop of cum formed
at the tip, she squeezed again and watched, mesmerized, as the drop enlarged.
She then slowly moved her lips to it and kissed it off. Cum shined on her bottom
lip as she pulled away, her heavy-lidded eyes visible through the holes of her
mask. She was the picture of sex. I was staring at her when movement from behind
her caught my attention. It was the trio seated in a booth behind her. 

One woman was laying on the table on her
back while another was naked above her, straddling her face and humping it with
her pussy. The woman on her back was wearing transparent rubber slacks. She had
her hand down inside them, moisture clearly visible clinging to their insides,
her shaved pussy lips pressed against them, distorted, as though they were
pressed against a pane of glass. She was vigorously stroking her clit with one
hand while jacking off her male partner with the other. His hands were on her
transparent rubbered-breasts, squeezing her nipples red, all the while watching
us have sex on the floor. The sight made my cock so hard it ached. 

Heart pounding wildly, I stood up. She
reached out and grasped my balls, pulling me to her. She licked the underside of
my cock twice, quickly, sending electric pleasure jolts through my scrotum, then
rammed it whole into her mouth. Her hot throat made the head of my dick swell
and surge with pleasure. Again and again she stroked me with her mouth and I
placed my hands on the sides of her rubber head and fucked it hard, slamming her
face against my abdomen. She let out a low growl that sent pleasure vibrations
up my shaft. The head of my cock flared and stretched her throat. She gagged,
took a moment to recover, and then jammed the throbbing length of me down her
throat again. My dick began to jerk in spasms, shooting pleasure jolts to my
anus, causing it to contract uncontrollably. I wanted to fuck her fucking throat
and I forced my cock into her bulging mouth. I felt her teeth push against my
groin and held her there for a moment. 

She sensed that I might cum at any
second, so she pushed me away and leaned back onto the floor, leaving my hard
dick glistening, jerking slowly in the light. Opening her legs wide, she raised
her pelvis high. It was an obvious gesture. She wanted to show everyone, to see
the amazement on their faces as they caught sight of the pressure bulb. Dangling
beneath her uplifted ass, it was connected to dull red surgical hose that
protruded from her anus. She had an inflatable dildo inserted up her rectum. I
stared in amazement. I knew that she loved anal play, and could focus on it for
hours, but that was always in private. She grasped the bulb and squeezed it
three times, a look of ecstasy crossed her face and her head jerked backward in
pleasure. With back arched she began slowly thrusting her pelvis in the air, in
time to the music, and groaned loudly, while the dildo, still in her pussy,
began sliding out of her, pushed by the pressure created in her rectum. Two more
squeezes. The dildo moved quicker, as though it was growing out from within her
pussy. Finally, it was expelled, and fell gleaming to the floor. A drool of cum
followed from her cunt, and pooled next to the rubber cock as it lay on the rug.
The inner labia of her cunt were engorged and parted, revealing her dark hole,
still open wide from the dildo. She opened the release valve on the bulb, and I
could hear the rush of air escaping. She looked straight at me. 

"I want you to fuck me" she
growled. I dropped to my hands and knees and slowly crawled toward her, pausing
to massage my cock while looking at her eyes. Moving between her open legs, I
placed my mouth on her rubber thigh. I kissed, sucked, and bit at her leg
through the slick latex, reveling in its smell. Slowly I worked my way up to her
crotch, lingering at those places between her legs and pussy lips, sucking on
the rubber. I could almost sense the heat of her cunt without even touching it,
and I breathed deeply of its sexy aroma. Cum still seeped from her vagina, and I
noticed it ran down to her anus, where large drops formed around the hose and
fell to the floor. She had a small patch of blonde hair above her vulva, but was
smooth and shaven around her moist pussy. 

She had spread her legs as wide as they
could go, showing her large, deep purple inner labia, being squeezed into a pout
by the tight latex, so that they extended beyond her outer lips. They were dark
brown on their edges, and swollen, almost vibrating with her excitement. They
gleamed with the wetness created by her play with the dildo. Our rubber suits
squeaked as they rubbed against each other as I moved my gloved hands up to
message her tits. I grabbed each one at the base, and began squeezing them
toward their nipples in a milking motion. Deprived of touch sensitivity by the
rubber, I could still feel the warmth and wonderfully full softness of her tits.
I worked my hands up until I held each nipple between my fingers, rolling and
squeezing them as if to force liquid from their tips. 

She groaned and raised her pelvis to my
face. I moved my head back, as I wasn’t ready to allow her that pleasure yet.
Instead, I took my tongue and licked the around the outside edge of the rubber
slit through which her cunt protruded, allowing it to barely touch her shaved
lips. As I worked my way around, I breathed deeply, enjoying the familiar sexy
smell of her cunt. That smell that was left on my fingers after being with her
in the parking garage last week. She had taken my hand and jammed it up to her
crotch to prove to me that she was wet from our kissing. My fingers had probed
her deeply, and I withdrew them to lick her cum from them while she watched. On
the way home I had held my fingers to my nose and breathed in her scent over and
over again, creating a wet spot where my erect penis strained against my
jeans. 

Now she pushed forward again, eager to
have my face buried in her crotch. Again I moved away, not allowing her control
over the situation. I pushed her shiny black legs back over her head, rolling
her ass into the air, bringing it up to my mouth. I ran my tongue along the
cleavage of her butt to where the rubber hose disappeared into her hole. I gave
gentle jerks on the hose, stimulating the nerves of her anus, while licking her
around the rubber tube. This caused her to shove my head into her with a spasm
of pleasure. Again the pungent perfume of her anus delighted my senses and I
felt my cock throb as blood surged into it. She released my head and moved her
hands up to massage her big black breasts. I licked at the stream of cum from
pussy, following it up to its origin, savoring its flavor and swallowing as much
as I could. I wanted all of her, her sweat, her cum, everything. 

“Piss now!” I yelled over the music.
She closed her eyes and I sensed her relaxing. Then it came. It squirted from
her urethra onto my face. I quickly moved to cover her clear fountain with my
mouth and began sucking urine from her, swallowing it as though dying from
thirst. Its salinity was delicious, and I sucked harder, wanting to taste more
of her. She finished, then with a contraction of her muscle, squirted the last
of it into my mouth. I couldn’t wait any longer. I had to fuck her now. I got
to my knees and placed my dick on her pussy. I began to rub the head of my cock
against her clit. Reacting to its heat, my cock gave a cum surge involuntarily
and I pulled away to regain control. Again I placed myself on her swollen pink
clit and dragged my cock head down to her dripping hole where I inserted it
teasingly. I stopped with just the head in. Pulling it back out to see her cum
shining on it, I pushed it back in, just the head, just the sensitive tip. 

I stopped, savoring the feeling of her
wetness and heat closing around me. I felt her squeeze her muscles against me
three times in quick succession. I grabbed the base of my cock and shook it,
vibrating and stretching the entrance to her cunt. She moaned and turned her
head to the side. I slowly pulled the head out again, and spread the wetness
clinging to it over her pussy lips and up to her clit. With my hand on my cock,
I moved it back and forth across that large pink pearl until it sat shining and
erect. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me! For
shit’s sake, fuck me!" she yelled. I moved up to her mouth and pushed my
cock, wet with her cum up to her lips. 

"Mouth fuck me," I said, and I
pushed myself into her mouth as she moved her head toward it. I felt my cock go
in, then stop. She pushed again, and I felt the head of my cock go down her
throat. Her mouth bulged with my fullness. She continued shoving me in until she
reached the base of my cock, and, rolling her eyes up at me, she closed her
teeth lightly around me. I couldn't take it anymore. The head of my cock
expanded and my shaft quickly swelled. I was going to shoot down her throat, and
fought for control over the urge. I wanted to fuck her. As I pulled out of her
mouth, a string of saliva stretched from my cock to her lips. She sucked it in
and licked it from her lips with her tongue. 

I quickly moved back between her thighs
and positioned myself again. Pushing my swollen cock head up to her, I felt her
saliva cooling my cock, and it contrasted with her heat as I inserted it into
her wet hole. Again, slowly, but with steady, unrelenting force, I pushed
against her, until I felt myself touching the base of her uterus. I pulled out
till only the head remained inserted and then jammed it back in quickly. I could
feel my shaft slide against the slippery inner sheath of her pussy, the
electricity of pleasure racing across my balls to my ass. Again I pulled back
and rammed into her. She raised her rubber legs and rested them on my shoulders.
I began pounding her pussy with my strokes, shoving her across the platform,
faster and harder, the sound of my panting through my mask, the squeaking of our
rubber bodies and the slapping noises of our fuck combined to fill the room,
overriding the blaring music. 

Breathing heavily, and still grasping
the rubber bulb, she pumped quickly. The dildo in her rectum swelled. I rammed
my swollen cock deep into that slippery cunt again and then held it there. The
pressure of the dildo forced my cock against the walls of her pussy and gripped
me tightly. Her eyes rolled back and she continued to pump, once, twice, three
times. Her cum began seeping out around the base of my cock, the wall of her
rectum pressing against me and devouring every available space in her. She
flipped a switch and the swollen dildo began to vibrate. I let out a moan at the
surprise of pleasure. 

She began to massage her tits and then
pulled at her nipple rings, stretching her nipples as she let out a low guttural
groan, like that of an animal being fucked. I leaned down and took one of her
latex nipples in my mouth. I sucked on it hard, so she would feel it through her
catsuit, and bit down till she groaned. Her hands grabbed my buttocks and jammed
me against her as the vibrations of the dildo shook our pleasure nerves alive.
She pulled at the buttocks zipper on my tight rubber suit until she could place
her black, gloved finger on my anus. She reached around and wetted it in her
mouth, then returned it to my hole. I could feel her finger, gently pressing,
circling, probing, to gain entrance...... I felt it, moist with her saliva,
slide inside of me. The pleasure tingled along my scrotum to the head of my
swollen cock, making it jerk involuntarily, twice, inside her, the intense
pleasure moving me to the brink of orgasm…. 

"I felt that", she said, and
squeezed the muscles of her hole around my cock, answering my spasms. Slowly she
backed her finger out, until just the tip was inserted. She began to move it in
tiny circles, teasing, pulling, enlarging the hole she had invaded. Then
quickly, she plunged it in again, till I felt her knuckle on my ass. Again her
finger moved in circles, deep inside me, stretching me, gently preparing me.
There was no pain at all, but the pleasure was so intense, I had stopped moving,
except for my heavy breathing. She backed out again, circling, pulling,
stretching. She gazed up at me and with her free hand grabbed my neck and pulled
my head toward her. She kissed me squarely on the lips, her tongue pushing deep
inside my mouth. The taste of her saliva was delicious, being mixed with the
remaining drops of urine on my mouth. 

She placed another gloved finger
alongside the first and pushed in. Again, a slight pain, disappearing as natural
lubricant encircled her fingers. She kept going in circles stretching,
stretching. Then she probed forward, deeper. I felt her brush against my
prostate. Again she stroked it. She knew she had found it. She began stroking,
massaging it, and I could feel cum forced along my urethra out into her moist
vagina. She pulled her fingers out. Still kissing me, she rolled from beneath
me. As she did, my cock slipped from her cunt, and the cum she had forced from
me glistened under the light. 

I had momentarily forgotten everyone in
the room, but she obviously had not. She glanced around the room, then coyly
moved her head toward my erect penis. She took the tip of her tongue and dipped
it in the cum that had smeared over the head of my cock. She pulled away, so
that a string of cum extended between her tongue and my dick. Then, looking
around the room, she moved her lips back toward my dick until they were just
above its head. She lowered, her lips parted, and they just barely touched my
cock. She kissed it ever so lightly, then opened until just the head was in her
mouth. 

She sucked slowly, licking away the cum
that had gathered there. Then, still sucking on my erection, she moved around
until she had straddled my head. I gazed up, as her swollen pussy descended on
my face. She began grinding herself into me while her head jerked up and down,
sucking the shaft of my cock. I sucked hard, while my cum was ready to blast
into her mouth. Without warning I let off a shot into her mouth, and she quickly
sucked it down. Then she took her mouth away and grabbed my dick with her hand.
She began milking my shaft as it spurted long streams of cum uncontrollably,
spattering her mask and lips. 

She continued to grind her pussy into my
face, growling like a wild animal, pumping furiously across my rubber face. Then
she came. She yelled and her entire body jerked spasmodically. Great spurts of
cum shot from her hole, drenching my face, depriving me of air. I tried to turn
my head to the side to take a breath, but her thighs gripped me like a vise,
then shook as the orgasm took control of her muscles. She pressed down hard, and
my teeth pressed into her soft flesh. Finally, she released me and rolled over
onto the floor, my cum drooling down the sides of her mask to the corner of her
mouth. She licked at it and smiled at me, and I slid up against her and squeezed
her beautiful rubber body, the scent of her cum still on my lips..…

*Story Submitted By Rubbere*

 

14.07.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
