---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Miss Johnson's Initiation
authors:
- Reinette
tags:
- M/f
- MFF/f
- bond
- mum
- tape
- cloth
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-10 00:00:00
---

**Part One**

As
I walked away from the Halloween display, my mind was full of intriguing
thoughts... What would it feel like to be wrapped up like that?? Totally encased
like a mummy, not able to move, not able to see...

I must admit that as well as the feelings of intrigue, my heart was
racing - was I really getting excited by the thought of being so helpless at
someone else's mercy?

I shook my head... No. I couldn't be. But the thoughts would not go away.

That night, as I lay in bed, I couldn't get the image of the mummified
figure from the garden out of my head. I tried to imagine how being bound that
tightly might feel... My mind drifted, and with my eyes closed, I started to
picture being wrapped, slowly. The silky material would be wound around my legs,
each in turn, little by little, until they were both fully encased. Then the
wraps would go around my hips, up my stomach...

As I imagined, my fingers brushed my body gently. I needed to know how it
really felt. I ran my hand over my breasts as I pictured them being cocooned in
fabric... I was tingling all over, getting unbelievably turned on by the
thought. I kept the picture in my head as I touched myself, rubbing and
caressing my clitoris, bringing me, almost too quickly, to a leg shaking orgasm.

The next day at school, I still could not get over my new obsession. I
wanted, no, I needed, to know how it would feel. After all the students had
left, I logged onto my laptop. I needed to know more. I put in a search
"mummification" and site after site came up, with nothing more
interesting than Egyptian history... This wasn't what I wanted. I added
"bondage" to the search engine, thanking God that I was connecting to
the Internet directly, and not through the school server!

I sat in awe. The photographs of women, wrapped from head to toe. Every
curve of their bodies perfectly encased. I read all that I could, getting
excited and surprised by the descriptions. I wanted this so badly - the idea of
the vibrator tingling inside me, the wrapping, the helplessness, being totally
lost in the sensations. I could feel myself getting really turned on again, and
let out a deep sigh.

I was brought out of my daydream quickly...

"Eh ehmm". Someone coughed. I turned to be met with the sight
of my colleague from the history department standing with a wry smile on his
face. "Researching something??" he asked. How long had he been there??
What had he seen??

"Erm... Well... Yes" I could feel my face burning. "Just
looking for ideas for our presentation for the Mayor next week... I was thinking
of something Egyptian?" I was sure he could see through me, but he just
nodded.

"Good idea! Better than the boring Viking one we usually do. Jot
down some ideas and we'll have a chat about them".

I smiled back. Oh... I had some ideas.

\* \* \*

"You were right about Miss Johnson", David said as he walked
into the room. The Mummification and Encasement Club had met to debrief after
the Halloween display. "I think an inauguration of a new member is called
for!"

The rest of the group's ear pricked up; there hadn't been a ceremony like
that for a long while. "What do you have in mind?” asked Becky

David explained how he had caught Laura Johnson researching, how obvious
it was that she was excited, and how embarrassed she had looked. He told them
about the presentation for the dignitaries next week. "Every department in
the school puts on some kind of display,” he explained, “to showcase what
we're covering. The Mayor and other members of the council come round the
school, drinking wine and talking about the presentations. It lasts about an
hour. Laura mentioned that the history department should do something
Egyptian"

"Display??" Bob asked, "I can see where you're going with
this!"

"It's going to take some organising", David continued,
"The presentation's in five days."

"Don't worry!” Lisa said with a glint in her eye, "Organising
something like this is the best bit for us! All you need to do is prepare
Laura..."

\* \* \*

I can't believe I got caught! I was embarrassed enough about these new
feelings that I was having, without that... A wicked smile crossed my face as I
drove home. Was I imagining it, or did David look a bit flushed too?

I parked the car, and walked to the front door, almost tripping over
something in the dark. There was a package on my doorstep, no bigger than a
shoebox. On the top, in huge letters, someone had written "RESEARCH
THIS". There could only be one person that it was from.

I hurried through the front door, and took the parcel upstairs to my
room. Carefully, I opened the box, my heart pounding in my chest in
anticipation. Inside was a big roll of what looked like tape.

"Aha" I thought, "I know what this is!"

I took the roll out of the box, and unwrapped a bit of it. The tape was
black, stretchy, and smelt gorgeous, a kind of new PVC smell...

I couldn't resist... I quickly took off my clothes down to my underwear,
and sat on the bed, stretching out my legs. I took the tape, and carefully
started to wrap it around my thigh. The PVC tape hugged my skin; I loved the way
it looked: the contrast of the black against the whiteness of my leg.

The doorbell rang, making me jump. I found a pair of scissors on my
bedside table, and cut the tape, leaving my thigh wrapped in the PVC. I slipped
on my dressing gown and ran downstairs. It was David.

"Now then", I said, smiling, pulling my dressing gown together
over my chest, "Nice to see you"

David grinned back "Like your present?” he asked, closing the
front door behind him.

I nodded, looking up at him with an innocent expression on my face.

David opened his bag, pouring out its contents - at least four more rolls
of tape, a vibrator, some leather handcuffs and a coil of red rope. "One
roll's not enough", he said, "I've come round to show you".

I could almost hear my heartbeat it was pounding that hard. This was all
moving very quickly. One second I'm just intrigued by the thought of being
wrapped up, the next, here's David, my friend, offering to do it for me!

I knelt down on the floor to pick up the goodies, and as I did so my
dressing gown fell open, revealing the tape wrapped round my leg,

"I can see you started without me," chuckled David, "I
like it. But from now on, you're going to let me do everything."

I nodded again, I trusted this man. My whole body was tingling with
anticipation.

Upstairs, David unfastened my dressing gown, letting it fall down to the
floor. I stood in front of him, my chest heaving with nervousness, making my
breasts look even bigger. He reached around me, unclasping my black bra, and
threw it to one side. He traced down my front, gently letting his fingers brush
my breasts and nipples, and then pulled down my underwear.

I closed my eyes. I was naked, apart from the black tape around my thigh,
and I was trembling. David picked up on my apprehension.

“If at any point you want me to stop, you just have to tell me Laura,
“ he whispered, “I’m not going to do anything you don’t want me to”.

I felt reassured, but at that moment in time, I couldn’t see me wanting
him to stop anything!

David took me over to the bed.  “I
want you to lie down, I’m going to tie your hands to the headboard with this
rope. Is that ok?”

“Yes”, I managed to say, lowering myself down onto the bed. He
brought my arms above my head, and wound the red rope around my wrists, binding
them together. The rope was softer than I thought it would be. I tried to pull
my wrists apart, but they were definitely not going anywhere. He took the end of
the rope, and secured them to the headboard.

I looked down at my body. Stretching my arms above my head made my
breasts look amazing, I smiled. David obviously liked the look of them as well.
He knelt beside me, and kissed them and then blew on the wetness to make my
nipples more erect.

“Now, I’m going to put these cuffs around your ankles, and lock them
to the foot of the bed” I nodded, and he pulled my legs apart, fasting each
one to the bedposts. David stood at the bottom of the bed and smiled at me.
“Ok?” he asked, “Ready for the next part?”

My breathing was getting deeper and deeper as I was getting more and more
aroused. I breathlessly sighed and nodded. He carefully unwrapped my attempt
from earlier, and picked up a fresh roll of the PVC tape. “I’m going to wrap
up your legs, from the ankle to the top”, he said, “You are going to look
amazing”.

He started on my left leg, slowly winding the tape higher and higher. My
leg felt so warm, the enclosed feeling was beautiful. When he reached the top,
he cut the tape, and then brushed his fingers gently between my legs, feeling
the wetness of my excitement. The right leg was then wrapped in the same way, so
meticulously, every attention paid to the fact that it needed to look perfect.

 “I’m going to wrap your
body now”, he said, and I whispered assent.

He knelt on the bed beside me again, and began to wrap the black tape
around my hips, passing the roll gently underneath me with each pass. He worked
his way upwards, covering my waist and stomach, and stopped when he reached the
bottom of my breasts. He wound the tape in a figure of eight around them, making
them stand out even more, and then completely wrapped them The tape felt tight,
but not at uncomfortable. I was finding it more difficult to breath, but that
was ok. I liked it.

David shifted his position to straddle me, putting more pressure on my
chest. “I’m going to wrap your arms now,” he said as he unfastened my
wrists. My hands instinctively moved down to touch my mummified skin. It felt so
smooth, and the feeling of my touch through the tape made me quiver.

My arms were wrapped, just as carefully as the rest of my body, from my
fingertips all the way to my shoulders. David put my arms down by my side, and
they kind of clinged to the tape that was already wound round my body.

David got off the bed, and showed me the vibrator. “I’m going to put
this inside you,” he said ”and then I’m going to wrap you completely,
leaving it there.” He held up the remote control “I’m going to be in
charge of this, and I’ll only turn it on when I want to! Do you want me to
stop?”

I shook my head emphatically. No way did I want him to stop. The way I
was feeling was unbelievable, and I guessed that with what was coming, it could
only get more and more intense.

He leant over me, and slid his finger over my wet clitoris, making my
whole body shake. He smiled, and gently pushed the vibrator into me, as far as
it would go. I tightened my muscles and gripped it, wishing that he would switch
it on.

David unfastened my ankles and brought my legs together, leaving the
vibrator inside me. Then he took more tape and began winding it round my feet,
over my ankles, up my legs, encasing me in another layer. He did this quickly
and expertly, wrapping round my hips, and then over my abdomen, securing my arms
by my side, all the way up to my neck. My body was totally covered in black
tape, only my head not wrapped up. The second layer felt even tighter than the
first. I tried to move, but could only manage a weak wiggle.

David stood back to admire his work. “You look gorgeous Laura”, he
said, and I looked down at my cocooned body. Every curve of my figure could be
seen: my waist, my hips, and my breasts. I did look beautiful. It was exactly
how I had imagined.

“Now for the finale”, David said, “I’m going to wrap up your
head, you won’t be able to see or hear. You won’t be able to speak. You head
is going to be completely covered. Is that alright?”

The intense feelings of pleasure were replaced again by fear. I could ask
him to stop. I could say no.

David could see the fear in my eyes, and he kissed me. “Trust me, “
he whispered in my ear, “you are going to have one of the most amazing
experiences ever”. As he spoke, he turned the vibrator on at its lowest
setting. I let out a gasp as the sensation stimulated me even more.

“Don’t stop”

He took the last roll of tape and held it under my chin, then wrapped it
over the top of my head and back round again, forcing my mouth closed. He kissed
me again, stroking my cheek, and then wrapped the tape around the other way,
round and round my head, over my mouth, my nose, my eyes, my ears. He left just
enough space for me to breathe.

That was it. I was mummified. My whole body from my head to my toe was
covered in black PVC tape. I couldn’t see, I couldn’t hear. All I could feel
were the weak vibrations between my legs, and the closeness of the tape.

The vibrator was being turned up gradually. Through the tape, I could
feel David’s hands caressing my body. I could feel his fingers tracing the
outline of my breasts, and I was getting closer and closer to being sent over
the edge. I could do nothing to stop it. I didn’t want to. If anything, I
wanted to climax straight away, but vibrator just wasn’t turned up enough for
that to happen.

I drifted away in my cocoon, taking everything in, enjoying every
different sensation. This was better than I could ever have imagined.

I have no idea how long I was lost in myself like that, but I suddenly
became aware that David had turned the vibrator up to maximum. My whole body
started to shake and tremble as I began to orgasm. I could feel it in my toes,
the tingles in the tips of my fingers. I wanted to scream out but the tape
around my head muffled any sound that I made.

I came over and over again, just as one orgasm subsided, another would
take its place. My body was almost convulsing, and then David turned off the
vibrator.

I could feel him cutting the tape in between my legs, releasing them, and
he took the vibrator out of me. He removed the tape from my body and then gently
unwound it from the rest of me, leaving my head till last. I was breathless and
quivering. David looked into my eyes, and kissed my forehead.

“Sleep now”, he whispered, covering my body with a blanket. “Next
time I do this to you, it’ll be even better, I promise.”

How could it be “even better” than this? I was overwhelmed by
feelings of pleasure and satisfaction – I could not imagine anything better.
How wrong I was…

\* \* \*

My alarm clock roused me from the best sleep I’d had in a long time,
and I set off for work on autopilot, my mind still buzzing from the night
before. The school staff room was busier than usual, teachers making plans for
the presentations next week. David stood in one corner of the room, obviously
not listening too intently to the English teacher talking at him, and he smiled
at me. My face flushed bright red, but I smiled back, and went to get myself a
coffee.

“So, the history department’s presentation…” David had managed to
break himself away from the old guard, “How do you feel about being centre
stage?”

“Shhh!” I said sharply “I guess you’re talking about the Egyptian
showcase?”

“Oh yes!” He replied, “I want the mummified Egyptian princess to be
as realistic as possible!”

I laughed so hard that everyone turned to look at me. “Really?” I
whispered, “And how do you suppose we do that?”

“A few of my friends are going to help us with it. I just need you to
be at my house straight after school on Friday. We’ll take care of
everything”.

I smiled. Friends? “Ok. I can manage that!” There were still four
days till Friday. A long time to wait!

\* \* \*

I busied myself over the next few days, making Egyptian style backdrops,
and putting up students work on the walls. I tried to imagine what had been
planned, but in a way, I wanted to be surprised – that excited me even more.

Friday came, not quickly enough, and just as David had asked, I went
straight to his house after my last class. Two women met me at the door, both
dressed in linen, the cloth draped over them and fastened around their waists by
a leather belt. The front of their robes gaped open, so much so that I could see
their firm breasts underneath.

They each took me by a hand, and led me to David’s dining room. The
walls had been covered in the same type of fabric as the girls, and candles were
flickering on stands in each corner. At the centre of the room, the dining table
had been turned into a kind of altar, cream linen covering it. At the head of
the table were two pillars that reached from the floor to the ceiling, with
metal rings embedded in them at the base and about 6 feet from the floor.

I tried to take in the whole scene. It was perfect, even down to the
smell of burning incense.

No one spoke. The girls began to undress me, taking off every layer of my
clothing until I was completely naked. They led me over to the pillars, and
undid the belts from their robes, the cloth falling down and revealing their
gorgeous figures. They used the belts to fasten my wrists to the loops in the
pillars, and then spread my legs, tying them to the pillars too, this time with
silky rope.

One of the girls left the room, as the other ran her hands all over my
body. The sensation was mind-blowing – I’d never been touched that way by a
woman before. She caressed my breasts, and nibbled lightly at my nipples,
turning me on so much!

The other girl returned, with David. He looked stunning, half naked with
cloth wrapped round his hips and thighs. He smiled, and then sat on the altar in
front of me, taking in the view of me spread-eagled between the pillars. He
whispered something to one of the girls, and she nodded, picking up a bowl. Both
girls then started to rub the most beautifully scented oil into my skin, making
my body glisten. Their fingers traced every curve of me, and teased me by
bringing their hands up the inside of my thighs.

They then took some rolls of fabric – it shimmered in the candlelight,
so I guessed that it was silk – and started to wind it around my legs. They
were good at it, and fast, soon my whole legs were covered in the material. They
did the same to my arms, and then my torso, passing the silk between them as
they stood either side of me.

The taller of the girls then knelt in front of me, and started to
pleasure me with her mouth, sliding her fingers inside me as she made tiny
circles on my clitoris with the tip of her tongue. I looked directly into
David’s eyes as I enjoyed every second of it. His erection proved that he was
enjoying what he was seeing! The other girl stood behind me, I could feel her
breasts on my back, and she reached round to play with my nipples. This sent me
crashing over the edge, and I came, screaming and pulling at my restraints.

David then stood up, and picked up a vibrator, this one larger and shaped
differently to the one he’d used before. He walked over to me, and kissed my
neck as he slid it inside me. The extension to the vibrator sat on my clitoris,
while my insides were filled with its shaft. The girls untied my legs and pushed
them together, securing the vibrator in place. They then began to wrap my legs
again, this time as one, in a cotton material. They continued wrapping my whole
body, and then my arms, only releasing them from the belts when they reached my
wrists.

David and the girls carried me over to the altar, and careful laid me
down. I was wrapped in two layers of fabric any movement I tried to make seemed
impossible. The tightness of the wrapping felt amazing, totally different to the
tiny bit of give that the PVC tape had.

David stood by my face, and kissed my cheek. He whispered in my ear “My
Egyptian Princess.”

The girls began another layer of wrapping, this time criss-crossing it in
an intricate pattern. David took a roll of silk and wrapped from the top of my
head, underneath my chin, over and over again. He then used the silk to totally
encase my head. I could hear more this time; the sounds of the girls and David
wrapping me were muffled rather than obscured. By the time they had finished, I
was totally immobile, and every part of me felt caressed by the silk on the
bottom layer.

My mind drifted, enjoying the feelings, and was suddenly aware of lots of
muffled voices. I could make out David’s.

“Yes, sir, we are just coming to the end of our Egyptian project.”

They’d moved me! I wasn’t in David’s house any longer…

“Very good. The students’ work is most impressive. As is this mummy
scene!”

I tried to imagine what the Mayor was seeing. I knew that the room had
been set out with a desk decorated to look like a stone sarcophagus.  I must have been placed on that. I was on display for everyone to see.
The wrapping that the girls had spent so much time on would have looked amazing,
so realistic. But those people admiring the scene would have no idea that there
was a real person underneath the layers of cloth.

The vibrator between my legs suddenly sprung to life. I was overwhelmed,
it whirring inside me and tickling my clitoris.

“I took great pride in the mummy, sir”, David laughed, “She’s an
Egyptian Princess”

The feelings building up inside me were tremendous. People were standing
beside me, admiring the mummy as if it were a work of art. But it was me,
aroused beyond belief at the thought of being seen like that.

I floated away lost in my own thoughts and feelings. The noise died down,
and I could tell that I was no longer at school. The sound of fabric cutting
meant that I was going to be released, but only my head was uncovered. David was
standing over me; we were back at his house.

“Well done,” He grinned, “You put on quite a show”

My mouth was dry, and he lifted up my head slightly so that I could take
a sip of water.

“I enjoyed every second of it, “ I replied. My body felt weak and
tingly from being wrapped for so long.

“Just one final act to go” said David as he cut the fabric away from
my legs and hips. He removed the vibrator and rubbed the smoothness of the
fabric that was still covering my body.

He climbed on top of me, and kissed me, passion sparking between us. He
slipped himself inside me, and filled me completely, my hips coming up to meet
his with every thrust. We moved together, faster and harder until we came,
entirely lost in the moment.

“See, “ he breathlessly whispered in my ear “I kept my
promise…”
