---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Who Shall It Be?
authors:
- Anythingtaboo
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- wrap
- pvc
- bodybag
- entombed
- death
- cons
- XXX
date: 2006-05-02 00:00:00
---

2006 Shadowplay Imaging Mummification Story Contest Entrant

Edited by anythingtaboo. Began June
1999.

Mummy.

Wrapped sculpture

For all eternity,

Tucked away

In seclusion.

My love.

CH. 1: THE BEDROOM

"Come With Me"

I enter the living room one day to
find you sitting there watching TV.
You don't notice me at first. "Like
what you see?" I ask. You
stir from your relaxed state and notice that am wearing a purple latex dress
which drops to 3" above the knee.
I am also wearing thigh-high stretch black vinyl platform boots which
cling tightly to my slender ankles up my round plump calves to the base of my
thighs. Your jaw drops, producing the desired result.
I tell you that I have a surprise for you.
You squint a little at me, trying to decipher what it could mean.
"Come with me" I command.
You obediently follow me down the hall, watching the shamefully tight
latex clinging to my juicy ass cheeks swaying side to side in a lazy figure
eight as I strut toward the bedroom.
As you enter the room you notice a black satin sheet that has been laid
over the full size bed.

The winter sun illuminates the room in
dusky twilight. I close the
door behind us and order you to remove your clothes.
"Do not speak another word...is that clear?"
I nod my head in acknowledgement.
"Good. I will inform
you when and IF I want to hear your voice.
You are My slave tonight, My toy, My pet.
Now, remove all of your clothes".
You quickly strip down until you are naked before me.
I slowly circle you, taking in your handsome figure and relishing in
your ignorance of the plans I have for you tonight.
Much to my liking, I see you have kept yourself shaved: no leg, chest,
back or pubic hair remains. I
gently sit you on the bed and tell you to lay back.

Eager to arouse your curiosity I
remove a box from under the bed that is made of cedar wood, the box is 1 cubic
foot in size and hinged along the middle.
I place it on the bed by your feet, hinges facing you, so that when it
is opened, you will not be able to see the contents.
I watch for your reactions, but you are still observing.
I walk to the far wall nearest the foot of the bed, where a gigantic
ornamental mirror stands. The
mirror is about 7 feet tall and 3 feet wide.
I swing the mirror away from the wall to reveal a plain wall that looks
the same as the other walls of the bedroom.
However, I then push the wall inwards to reveal a hidden door, which
when closed lies so perfectly flush with the edges of the bedroom wall, that
it appears not to be there. A
darkened corridor lies beyond; you cannot see far enough into it to guess
where it leads.

I watch your eyes and can see your
curiosity beginning to stir. I
speak to you in warm, hushed tones. "We have tried this before, you and
I. The ultimate bondage.
Where you allow me to completely immobilize you and lay at my
mercy". Your manhood begins
to stir, twitching between your legs and anticipating what lies ahead. Within
a few seconds your cock stands upright pointing at me.
"Tonight I am taking the experience to a new level.
You will be asked to call upon all the skills we have used so far and
some new ones as well. You
will show your devotion to your Mistress by trusting the new experiences and
relishing the old. Do you submit,
slave"? "Yes,
Mistress" comes my reply.

"Good boy", I nonchalantly
answer. "You will be
rewarded many times over and you may even have the honor of worshipping my
soft round frame, and the tender flesh of the Mistress.
Would you like that, My pet?"
"It is all I live for, Mistress, to savor every part of you a
savor every part of you" That's
what Mistress wants to hear. So
far, so good My pet. First, the
rules, pet. Rule number one:
You are not to speak unless Mistress directs you to.
You will nod your head yes or no, and Mistress will ask yes or no
questions. Is that clear?
You nod your head quickly and decisively.
I enjoy a toy who doesn't waste time thinking and answers like he
should. Rule number two.
Later when your face is covered and IF you are required to make a
sound, Mistress expects you to make three sharp grunts if you are in trouble.
You will only use these in an emergency.
Is that clear? You nod
again. Rule number three:
Mistress knows you get excited when she's pays this much attention to
you. Try not to fuck it up for Me
by disobeying me. Also if you
could try not to fuck up by moving when I tell you to lie still, making a
sound when I tell you to be silent, or you will be punished and I promise you
won't like it.

That satin sheet you are laying on is
for effect, and allows you to feel some cool, soft textures next to your skin.
It will not be used in our ritual.
You relax for a few seconds, staring at the ceiling, trying to remove
yourself from the situation you are in I slowly walk to the right side of the
bed. I ask you to put your
arms along your sides. You do as I
say. I walk to the wall near the
window and press play on the media player.
Enigma's "Cross of Changes" begins to issue forth from the
speakers I stand perfectly still, just watching you breathe letting my self
feel the sensual rhythms of the music.
After a minute or two I lean down and begin to reach for the box that
is sitting on the bed. I begin to
remove large rolls of tan elastic bandages from the box and line them along
the bed in an orderly fashion. You
turn your head to see what I am holding and begin to breathe quicker; partly
from excitement, partly from anticipation and fear.
Now then, MY pet: Mistress wants you to play dead for her.
You will not move and will allow her to do her requisite work on your
body. Remember you own nothing,
not even your body. When you
submitted to me 5 years ago, I agreed to provide for you and let you live in
my possession, but you became just that: a possession.
I own you, and you own nothing. Therefore, it is considered only
natural that Mistress has total control over you, unless of course it pleases
Me more to watch you be tortured, teased and denied.
If that is MY will, you are subject to it.

I lean close to your face and you can
smell my perfume.I ask you "nod yes if that excites you slave".
I lightly graze my soft cheek against yours, feeling your warm flesh
against my skin. You nod slower
and more trustingly now. Mistress
is pleased I stand again, sorting thru the bandages.
"I think I'll start with your feet, pet."
Bend your knee and hold it up in the air.
I respond by doing what is requested.
Mistress helps a little bit by offering her firm stomach as a rest for
you to push against. Mistress
then take a 4 inch wide bandage roll and begins by folding the end in half
lengthwise over your toes, then giving it a half twist as she transfers the
wrapping motion to a horizontal one, quickly covering the beginning of the
bandage and spiraling upwards towards the ankle, where she makes a clever
figure-eight a few times to make sure no skin is showing, and then continues
up your calves and thighs. When
I get to your thigh, I wrap in circular motion all the way to the edge of your
groin, then tuck the end of the bandage under the top wrap, so it stays put
without the use of clips.

Mistress is liking the exquisite work
she has done on your right leg. She
repeats the process with your left leg, again allowing you to rest your foot
against her stomach. When
completed, Mistress tell you to straighten both legs.
You are now ordered to stand up at the foot of the bed and to do it
quickly. Mistress reaches back
toward the chest to grab an extremely long roll of bandages that , you assume,
must be attached to each other with stitching.
She begins by wrapping the bandage around your waist, covering the
beginning to hold it in place, then continuing down in a V to wrap the groin
and genitals. Slowly she
weaves her web, covering your groin, testes, and buttocks the penis, almost a
useless organ to Mistress is left unwrapped and erect.
Rarely has She allowed you inside her in five years and she likes it
that way: Mistress prefers
the use of tongue on her skin and orifices.
Mistress also prefers to tease her pet's cock, craving release abut
never has let you come inside her. Nor
has Mistress allowed herself to touch your cock for the purposes of your
release. She is very selfish and
cares little to nothing about the desires of her slave.
However, being the obedient puppy you are, you have trained yourself to
sniff her and climax from the tight restrictive sensation of mummification
bondage coupled with Mistresses harsh words, cruel blows and her unmatched
aroma. Even when
blindfolded, you instantly recognize her scent from 20 feet away.
That is what you now crave. Your
Queen's small favors of sniffing her secret dark places.
Smells that arouse you are those that belong only to her.
Another thing you love: the
pressure and tender, yielding flesh of Mistresses' Ass.

Mistress has finished off the groin
area and quickly grabs another roll of bandages which are wrapped again, in a
circle about your stomach and chest, up to your arm pits.
You are ordered to lift your arms straight out from your sides and hold
them there. Mistress now takes a new bandage, and repeats the routine she did
on the feet, but this time on your fingertips.
The bandage is wrapped opposite the direction of the arms natural twist
to keep the feel natural. Your
right arm is quickly wrapped which means your fingers are pressed together and
are made into a flat "blade" of sorts, virtually useless as a
touching tool, though Mistress enjoys the feel of the elastic material across
her skin, especially her bottom. The
bandaging continues up to your armpit and then she proceeds to wrap the left
arm as well in the same manner.

Mistress has you continue to hold them
out in a "T" shape, while she applies another bandage about your
chest an shoulders. This one
begins at the dip of the neck and crosses the chest diagonally, covering the
nipple, then continues around under the arm, and across the back, up from
beneath the other arm. The
bandage is used to cross the chest again in the opposite direction and then go
around the back of the neck to where it can cover the starting point, thereby
holding it in place. A
series of smooth figure eights follows until only your neck and head are
uncovered. You are never failed to
be impressed by the quick, yet deft and skillful wrapping techniques of your
Queen. She wraps softly, in
order to keep proper circulation to your limbs, but snugly to show you who is
in control and to contain you tightly.

You are now commanded to sit on the
edges of the bed keeping your torso very straight.
This way, your Queen may inspect her work, and make certain the
bandages are not slipping off, or that any skin is showing.
In this ritual, the job is not done right, if any skin is showing
unintended. She carefully
primps the bandages, making sure they all have a consistent amount of overlap.
The toughest parts to keep covered are the joints, the neck and groin.
Once she is happy that her work is worthy of continuing the ritual, she
removes a two inch wide bandage which is wound slowly up your neck.
The feeling becomes clear, here that Mistress is playing with your air
intake, though she is careful to wrap extra lightly.
It feels as though you are wearing a turtleneck sweater that is a size
too large. The warmth about
your neck is comforting, and allows you to relax and further submit to your
Queen's control.

"Now just the head and the first
layer is finished, My pet"! exclaims Mistress.
You take a slow deep breath. A
breath to focus and think what might lie ahead, instead of living in the
moment. "Are you
ready"? she asks. "Yes
my Queen" comes your soft reply. Your eyes focus on hers, watching
nothing but the cold blue irises. They dart back and forth, up and down,
taking in every possibility, processing every bit of data as she finds the
exact right way to cover every part of your head.
You feel every move she makes right now.
A wider three inch bandage is used to wrap your head.

One end covers your left ear and
traces the curve of your chin, goes up diagonally across the right ear and
around the back of your crown, overlapping the starting point.
It retraces the first circle to hold it in place, but as the wrap comes
across the back of the crown the second time, it changes direction and makes a
straight line for the forehead, making sure to cover the spiky hairs in the
front. She wraps
horizontally down your face, leaving the eyes uncovered for now, but covering
the mouth. You begin to breathe
heavier, despite the porosity of the fabric, the bandages do limit the amount
of air you can breathe. You
have done this hundreds of times with Mistress, but always sense the finality
of being enclosed when she covers your head like this.
"There we go", she coos softly.
"Now you're ready to see what's behind that mirror".
She inspects the head wrappings again.
She has left a few layers of overlap on your forehead so that when she
wants to revoke your sight, she need only slide them down, rather than rewrap
the whole thing.

Mistress tells you to stand.
You obey. "Just for
fun, I am going to put this dog collar on you, pet" says your Queen.
She pulls a purple dog collar from the chest and places it around your
neck, she leaves it one buckle pin setting from "snug" before
feeding the strap end through the loops. Then
she attaches a heavy duty zinc plated dog chain to the main ring to make sure
she has you within yanking distance. She has you pick up the chest on the bed,
after she closes and locks the lid.
You are instructed to carry it for her.
You can tell by the weight as you pick it up, that several items are
still inside it. "Proceed,
slave". You are slowly
led to the mirror and are told to stand in the entrance way.
CH. 2: THE CORRIDOR

As you observe the ornate carvings
perhaps for the last time, Mistress takes a long reach lighter and lights a
sconce on the wall. This in
turn illuminates another sconce a few feet further in.
Mistress put the leash handle over her wrist and has you follow her.
You must stop every few feet and wait for her to light the next sconce.
As you walk you notice that the floor slopes downward, ever so slowly, but
downward nonetheless. The corridor
seems to spiral downward to somewhere. Whatever
is down there is unknown to you. You
have never heard of this place or seen it.
Your Queen has kept is a secret from you and you guess many others.
After what seems like almost 10 minutes of walking and stopping, you
reach a stone door. The door is
inscribed with some ancient writing.
Probably Egyptian hieroglyphs based on your Mistresses' deep love of
the culture and lore. Mistress
pauses and slowly looks down at her necklace, which contains two keys.
The larger brass key is used to open the door to a secret room.
"Won't you come inside, My pet?" she inquires. You enter
before her and Mistress promptly slams the door behind you both with a deep
resounding 'bang'.

You shudder with uncertainty.
You begin to feel your body heat warming up the first layer of
bandages. Fortunately, you are
accustomed to the warmth they create. They
absorb sweat very well, and this allows you to sustain enclosure in them for
hours at a time. You glance
wordlessly at your Captor. She
senses your concern and comforts you with "Oh come now, pet.
You know I wouldn't let any harm come to you.
You have faithfully served me for five years. Now stop with this
shivering nonsense". You
tense up defensively, but try to relax.
Mistress has wrapped you so many times before.
Every time you did what she had asked and was released without
question. Why would this
time be any different?

Only one light is lit within this
room, so it is still quite dim. Someone
else, hopefully Mistress must have lit it prior to bringing you down here.
This is not a sconce, but a small tea light candle which seems to rest
on a table of some sort. "I
have a surprise for you, slave! In
fact I have several, but I want you to close your eyes so I can get ready for
you". You obey by
closing them. You dare not peek
for Mistress sees all, and will undoubtedly punish you for misbehaving.
A third party might see you as a mummified statue, since you still hold
Mistresses wooden chest, and are standing very still near the door, eyes
closed.

As you stand there, Mistress slowly
walks around the room with her lighter.
You hear the click of her boots. You
hear the flick of the switch. Occasionally
you hear the sputter of a wick as other lights are ignited.
Otherwise, it is silent in this chamber.
You and Mistress are alone. This
heightens your arousal, since you know what she is capable of when left alone
with you. After a couple
minutes of listening to the stimulating sound of her heels, you hear
"Open your eyes, slave". You
open your eyes to take in a wonder of sights.
Mistress has had this chamber decorated like an Egyptian temple.
Several key items make your attention quickly.

The room appears to be about twenty
feet by thirty feet. On the
far wall hangs an elongated piece of white stretch PVC, large enough to
contain a mummified form. It must
be a sleep sack that you and Mistress had co-conceived in past conversations.
You are humbled even more that she has gone through the trouble and
cost of having it made for you. She
watches amused as your eyes widen to take it all in.
A few feet before you lays a raised table.
It is about six feet long and two feet wide.
It sits about ten inches off the floor.
The walls are hand painted with Egyptian mosaics, with panels colored
in lapis, coral, turquoise and green. On the right side stands a metal frame
with a large oriental gong suspended from it, the drum stick hanging on the
left side of the frame. In
the far corner lies a wooden mummiform coffin.
It is detailed with gold, purple, copper and turquoise.
The lid is formed in the likeness of an ancient Egyptian king.
It looks very heavy. "Would you like to inspect your new toy, My
pet? I ask. I had it made
especially for this ritual". "Yes,
please Mistress" you reply. Your
heart is racing now, anticipating the fun you might have with your Mistress
and your play 'case'. "You
may give me the chest now and we can play together".
Mistress takes the chest and places it at the head of the table.
"Now you may inspect your new toy, My pet".

You slowly walk over to the corner.
Your bandaged hands are limited in feeling, but you still reach out to
stroke the smooth wooden case as if it were yours.
Mistress shocks you back to reality by saying "Remember it's not
yours to keep, Pet, but you may use it when I say".
You turn to Mistress, lower your head and mumble through your bandages
"Thank you so very much, my Queen.
How may I repay you? If I
could I would serve you forever. I
am so excited right now and offer my mind, body and soul to your
beckoning". Mistress
replies with "Oh don't worry slave. You
will. You will".
A naughty smile spreads across her face once more.
CH. 3: THE RITUAL

You are told to come over to Mistress.
You stand before her, arms at your sides, completely bandaged from head to
toe, except for your eyes. She smiles softly at you. "My, my!
How sexy you look, pet. The tightness of the bandages brings out your
curves. Perhaps not as much as some of my female slaves, but quite
impressive, nonetheless". Her arms gently caress and stroke yours
up and down, like an octopus analyzing a foreign object to see if it is
edible. She pinches the bandages, admiring her wrapping job, gently
squeezing the resilient flesh beneath the fabric, noting how firm your muscles
are. "Are you ready to serve your Queen now"? "Yes,
Mistress. I want to pleasure you in any way you desire. I am yours
completely". "That's what Mistress likes to hear" she
says expectantly.

"I want you to stand at the foot
of the table which is here" she says pointing to the left side.
"I want you immobilized further.
She places the wooden chest on the head of the table and you position
yourself. She walks over to
remove the white material from the wall, wondering if you realize just how
special you are to have been chosen for this event.
She has you stand with your arms at your sides as she decorates the
table by laying the white sleep sack across it. She outspreads the sack,
un-zippers the side and places the bottom half in the center of the table,
with the top half hanging over the edge.
This is to ease your final entry into the bag.
Once your body is centered, Mistress can stretch, pull and move the bag
as she needs in order to envelop your body.

You know what is coming next!
Your Queen attends to your wrapped form by adding a second layer of
bandages. You have both
expected and hoped for this. You
are not afraid for you have had this done many times before.
If unattended you could still escape from the second layer, albeit with
some difficulty. Mistress takes a
huge roll of six inch wide bandage and begins to wrap figure eights around
your shoulders which pins your arms against your sides.
Mistress does not like the ancient style of wrapping the arms over the
chest, as they interfere with her lying on top of you.
Immediately you feel much warmer as the second layer traps your body
heat. The tightness is
getting apparent as your breathing is being affected.
Your breath rate increases slightly and is more irregular.
She continues the figure eight until your chest and back is covered,
then settles to a simpler, circular wrapping pattern as she proceeds down over
your elbows and waist, around your thighs and calves.
She stops before your ankles are covered because you will have
difficulty standing if she wraps them now.

"Come now, my little toy.
Lay down on the stone table before us, so we may finish the
layer". You carefully
squat down and scoot like an inchworm up the table, now the only remaining
form of movement available to you, lying on top of the sleep sack.
Similar to the manner in which Mistress wrapped your feet in the
bedroom, you are told to pull your knees up and rest them against her stomach
as she finishes the giant roll off by covering your toes and tucking the end
in. She now supports your ankles and lowers your legs back down as a solid
single unit. "Very
good, sweetie. Now I want you in
that lovely shroud I had made for you. I
want you to try it on for Me".
You hesitate, laying still, looking at your Captor.
You know that once you are zippered in there, there is no escape from
the shroud without Mistress' help. But
you also believe with all your devoted heart that she would never harm you
because she never has.

Mistress takes the outside edge of the
material and flips it over to bring it closer to your face. As she does this,
she mentions it is made of white stretch PVC.
It is a spandex-like material on the inside, but does not breathe like
spandex. The outer side is coated
with PVC, which does not allow the skin to breathe, but affords a more stylish
exterior to the servant, by giving the look that he or she is enshrouded in
latex; tight, and very shiny. It
is almost shameless the way it is worn because it fits like a second skin .
almost like wearing nothing at all.

You slowly attempt to wriggle your
feet into the tubular end of the bag.
Mistress waits till you extend your legs straight again, then she works
the foot of the bag further up your legs so your feet are snugly enclosed and
the material is taught against your wrappings.
She then pulls the top half of the bag that was hanging over the edge
of the table and pulls the open edge tight against your chest, enough to meet
the zipper on the bottom half. Mistress
quickly zips you into the bag, all the way up to your neck!
"There we go" she says excitedly.
You are allowed a minute to take in your surroundings, sensing the taut
material which binds you further. Suddenly
you hear Her magical voice.

"You will pleasure me orally
slave. Do not expect Me to
pleasure you. If you are lucky, I
may play with you in the ways I desire, but for now I will grant you the
privilege of eating my pussy. You
will recognize that I am close to you by My scent and the warmth emanating
from My secret place".

Following this, Mistress carefully
pulls the bandages away from your mouth and nose so you may achieve the honor
of sniffing her secret place and enhancing the taste of her wet flesh.
Mistress climbs onto the table which is slightly wider than your
shoulders. She turns around so her
feet point toward yours on either side of your arms.
She is positively dripping in anticipation. "Get ready, My pet,
for it is time to feed". Mistress
begins to slowly lower her hind end you're your head, but does not quickly
make contact onto your face yet. Closer
she sits, closer and closer still. Her
musk permeates the heavy air in the room and your nostrils begin to pick up
her pheromones. Having
recognized her scent, you tilt your head up, searching blindly for her dark
place. She hovers over your head,
but even while craning your neck up, you cannot find her warm flesh.

And then suddenly you are aware of her
tender pink folds over your nose and you use them to guide your mouth to her
moist opening. In your
eagerness to please Mistress, your tongue quickly darts in and out of her hot
dark passage. Then it traces
circles around her soft moist lips, going lower and finding her hot little
clit, which delicately pokes out from there.
You carefully prod it with your tongue tip, and Mistress moans in
pleasure. She likes what the
little toy is doing for her. This
encourages you further to find every nook and cranny in the vicinity of her
pudenda. Wanting to see if you can
simulate intercourse, you press your head against her pussy as hard as you can
and jam your tongue in its widest shape, deep into her as far as it will go.
It is difficult to breathe underneath her slit, but you don't care.
Your world is Mistresses' pussy.

"That's wonderful, My pet"
urges the Queen. "Lick
away at my pussy, for it may be your last meal!"
You don't dare to reply, and continue working your tongue for her.
After about 10 solid minutes of tonguing her hole, your jaw aches and
you get up the courage to ask her for a favor.
"Mistress? May I have
a request?" you mumble. She
doesn't understand the first question and stops briefly to have you repeat it.
Mistress is very angry that you would stop her pleasure for a pitiful
favor, but she is curious to hear what you ask.
"This better be fucking good, you worm.
I was enjoying myself upon that hard working tongue of yours".
"Yes Mistress, I simply wish to ask . a small favor".

"Well, what is it, she inquires
sharply". "Mistress
I want to experience that secret hole you have never allowed me to.
I believe I can bring you much pleasure this way as well, by you
allowing me to clean your asshole as my gift to you".
She thinks for a moment, frowning, and then a sly smile spreads across
her face. Mistress is not dumb.
She has played with her anus before, poking and prodding it with her
own fingers, toys, but has never allowed slave to touch it.
Mistress already knows the pleasure that may be attainted through anal
stimulation but wants to remain in control by not allowing the slave to know
that she is already experienced in this arena.
In her own mind, Mistress reasons 'make him think he is the first to
lick your ass. Make him think it
brings you no pleasure but you will allow him this one attempt before the
night ends prematurely. After all, the surprise will be on him'.

From the slave's perspective, Mistress
is silent for a few moments, then retorts with "You really want that
filthy hole, you nasty little runt?
Do you know how dirty and disgusting it is to put your tongue back
there? Well, if I let you, you
must do exactly as I say, understood"
Mistress is smiling knowing this will be his one and only request for
he will not be allowed an opportunity for another and she is relishing that
fact that he is completely oblivious to the fact that Mistress already knows
how this evening will end. "Yes,
Mistress. If it makes you happy I will obey.
I have wanted to try, to see if you will enjoy it.
All I want is your happiness".
"Very well slave. I
have never allowed any slave to play with my beautiful bottom in this way.
You have been good to me over the years and I shall allow you this one
chance to please me". The
slave's breathing increases as he realizes he is the first to taste her anus
and won't the other slaves be jealous when he gets to tell his story during
meal time.

"Are you ready for it, My eager
toy?" "Yes I am
ready for your ass, My Queen. I
have wanted so badly to taste you there".
A she slides forward and down a few inches, the slave can smell a new
scent. It is pungent and
salty. His tongue traces its way
back and forth as it goes backward over her perineum and settles into a small
depression in the crack of her ass.
The texture is new here, less smooth and wrinklier.
The hole is not deep, as it has a shallow closure in the center.
Slave is finding new smells and tastes and textures back there.
Mistress meanwhile is beginning to remember that all those nerve
endings lead to her even higher state of arousal, as they did months before.

Mistress tries to encourage his
actions by discouraging him a little: "Bet that tastes awful back there
doesn't it, My pet? I bet
you're sorry you asked for this favor, aren't you?"
"No, my Queen. You
taste amazing back here. It
makes me want you all the more". "Good,
slave, then you may continue for Mistress is enjoying that dirty tongue back
there. In fact, I wish for
you to put it inside my backdoor now. You
will clean my insides like a good little slave".
The obedient servant replies "Yes, Mistress, as you wish".
He then complies by forcing his impudent tongue into the tight pucker,
to see what is inside. The super
smooth skin stretches wider and becomes deeper to accommodate him.
Unlike the vaginal walls, the anal tissues are amazingly smooth and
allow his tongue to glide effortlessly over them.

"My pet, that feels nice.
I want you to bury it inside my dark opening".
To make sure he gets in further, she applies her full weight to his
face, so that her sit bones are crushing his cheeks.
He is not giving up in his efforts to please her and applies several
minutes of ass-fucking with his strong tireless tongue.
Mistress decides to enable him some more by bearing down on her
sphincter to open the hole wider to let him in deeper.
The sensation is exquisite for him and for Mistress.
The pet thrills at being the first allowed to perform something so
appallingly foul, and because he has such a dirty mind he cares not to think
about how repulsive the act is. All
that matters is that Mistress feels amazing and is happy with his efforts.

In the midst of his ass fucking, slave
feels Mistress suddenly pull her butt off his face.
She squeezes her anus as tightly as possible to try to pull his tongue
upwards as she raises herself, until it pops out of her asshole with a brief
sucking sound. He wonders if
he has done anything wrong and asks Mistress.
"Oh no, of course not, pet. It's
just that Mistress can't allow you to always get what you want and now that I
know you enjoy tonguing my tight little hole, you must be denied for a
while". "As You
wish, sweet Queen", he replies. "Now
for some more fun, My little one. Remember
the mummy case in the far corner"?
The slave is quick to reply "Yes, my Queen".
"Well how about if I let you test it out, and try it on for size.
I need to make sure it fits you, as you are my tallest slave.
I hope for the money I spent on it, the carpenters at least got the
dimensions correct." "Oh
may I, Mistress? I would be
honored to accept the mummy case for a trial wearing".
Mistress freshly answers "of course, slave.
I was hoping you would accommodate me in such a way".

Mistress climbs off the table and the
slave can hear the lethal clicking of her boots as she walks across the room
to the coffin. She reaches
carefully behind the mummy case to slide out a collapsible metal frame with
wheels on the bottom. In a few
seconds, she has expanded its size to about 3 feet wide by 4 feet long.
Then, she removes the lid to lighten the load, carrying it to the wall
next to the table. Returning to
the coffin, the Queen lowers it onto the metal frame.
She deliberately struggles with it for a minute or two, letting the
slave listen to the heaviness of it, the scratching, the rustling, and the
labor of Mistress preparing yet another treat for her pet.
The aural stimulation is making the little servant harder than ever.
Mistress begins to push on the head of the coffin and the frame rolls
slowly to the side of the table.

"Oops! I forgot some things.
I want you bound tighter, little one.
I have a custom fit hood for you, which will overlap your neck and meet
the body bag portion of the shroud".
First Mistress readjusts the bandages so that the slave's nose and
mouth are covered once more. She
removes the hood from her bandage box and stretches the neck hole wide, so it
will pass over the mummy's head. She
carefully pulls it down onto him, almost like a giant white balloon.
The hood is pulled in different directions by Mistress, so that it
situates nicely with zippered eye holes over his eyes, and a zippered mouth
over his mouth. She unzips
each one to reveal blank bandages beneath, which will make his speech a little
easier to hear beneath his mask of fabric.
Then the third layer of bondage:
Mistress applies six leather belts around her mummy, each three inches
wide. They are pulled extra snugly around his ankles, knees, wrists, elbows,
shoulders and one around his neck like a thick black collar.
He squirms a little, alarmed slightly at the tightness of the straps,
but trusts his Mistress knows what is best for him.

The Queen re-checks the proximity of
the mummiform with the side of the table.
After lining it up to her mummy's position as closely as possible, she
proceeds to turn a crank behind the table which raises the left edge of the
table slowly, turning the whole tabletop into a slide which will allow her to
ease the mummy into its new home. The
slave is slightly concerned at the increasing slant of the table.
Mistress senses this and reassures him he will be fine.
"It's just to help Mistress get you inside the case, pet.
I can't lift you by myself, you know".
When the incline becomes steep enough that you are sliding on your own
accord". "Will
that make you happy, my Queen?" pleads the little mummy.
"Yes I really want to see what you look like in there, pet",
says Mistress with an evil smirk.

The table top is at a 40 degree angle
now, and the mummy begins to shift sideways down the table.
Mistress grabs the belts to help slide him into the coffin completely.
The mummy lands with a gentle plop into the bottom.
He notices that the sides are extremely tight against his entire form.
They are so tight he cannot wiggle to get comfortable, but they fit him
perfectly. He is enjoying
the sensation of the walls hugging his wrapped body.
Mistress is enjoying it too. "How
about if I take some pictures for my personal album?" she says.
"Yes Mistress, please do" encourages the obedient toy,
"I would like to see them later and admire your masterful work".
"Perhaps." she says as she removes a digital camera from
the bandage box and takes about a dozen snaps.

Putting the camera away she comments
"My precious pet! You
look so perfect in there. It's so
well-fitted for you. Mistress does such excellent work for you, doesn't
she?". Slave assures her
"Yes my Queen, you truly care for me in ways no other could.
I would truly give anything for your pleasure. I am honored to lie here
before you, receiving your attentions and gifts in this way".
I'm glad to hear you say that, sweet one, for you may keep your new
coffin forever. It shall be
your new home, I think" says Mistress, awaiting his reaction.
Not surprisingly he stiffens, realizing the gravity of the situation.
Slave is not sure if she is joking or not.
"Mistress? What do you
mean by that?" says he, his voice growing more serious.
"Well what do you THINK I mean, pet?
Did you not just say you would give anything for my pleasure?"
she retorts. "yes
but..." cutting him off, Mistress replies "don't interrupt Mistress
when she is speaking. You have a
nasty habit of doing that and I will not tolerate that any longer.
I hate to be the bearer of bad tidings, but the truth is I have enjoyed
you for these few years, which is longer than I kept most other slaves, but I
am bored with you now. I
need to move on to newer and better slaves.
You can't be the one to hog all my attentions.
Others want to taste my ass, and many have before.
You were not the first, and you will not be the last".

Slave cannot believe what he is
hearing! "Mistress I
have been good to you, done everything you asked of me".
She grabs his face with her hand squeezing it hard to gain his complete
attention. She is trembling
with anger, but then she regains her composure releasing her grip on him.
"Sweet slave, you must not fear me.
As long as you serve under my control there will be no pain you cannot
endure. I want you to be
quiet now and listen carefully.do not speak.
Nod your head if you understand".
He nods yes to her. "Good
boy. You must know that I have
been training you from the very beginning for this moment.
I needed to test your true loyalty by creating a sense of profound
trust which could be broken by me at anytime.
For the thrill of conquering yet another unsuspecting slave, I have
chosen this moment now. You will
serve me in the afterlife. I
will own your body and soul. You
will be kept under my watchful eyes and never be far from me.
However, you must be silenced to avoid you bragging to the other slaves
about tasting my ass, which they all believe nobody has been allowed to do.
Now you may tell me what you think.
Choose your words carefully, for they may be your last".
The slave is hoarse with fright, and begs "My wonderful Queen, I
would never think of bragging about you to the others.
You are my light and my darkness and the only one I will ever
serve". "Well," she
says "you're right about that.
I am the ONLY one you will ever serve and I thank you for that.
Now no more words or the job will not be done".

The mummy buckles up and down within
the confines of his casket, but to no avail.
There is no escape. Like a
mother singing softly to her baby, Mistress strokes his body one last time
before zipping up his eye holes and mouth hole on the mask.
This will help keep him quieter as she finishes her work.
He can not contain himself any longer and attempts to cry out for help.
His cries are well muffled by the wrappings and the mask which is
barely breathable now that the zippers are closed.
In an effort to pleasure herself, more than he, she unzips the area
over his cock and begins to play with it.
His cries suddenly stop and he focuses instead on trying to breathe.
Taunting him more, she tells him "You were quite foolish to think
that I would get you all wrapped up, shrouded and bound and then just let you
out. It's too much work to
undo all of that. And it's amusing
that you actually thought I 'just wanted you to try on the coffin for size',
when I had it specially commissioned for this specific act.
It was worth the price to see your reaction".

The mummy is now at his wits end,
knowing she will not release him, while praying she will change her mind.
Mistress is jerking his cock frantically, and he cannot see that she is
also taking up position to straddle the coffin once more.
She loves every moment of teasing him, as the materials used in the
ceremony work wonders to muffle his please for assistance.
He tries to squirm lose from his bondage but there is not even a ray of
hope. The evil Queen begins to
bend over, baring her ass to him for the last time.
She lowers herself slowly as always, waiting to move in for the kill.
It is urgent that he be aware of her last comments.
"I will grant you one final moment of pleasure by allowing you to
come for me one last time, so make it good, pet.
I want you to know that you meant nothing to me. You were just a number
and you are going to be quickly replaced, maybe even forgotten with
time". Her as looms
nearer to his face.just 10 inches away.
"It is now time for you to sleep. Yes I want you to sleep for me.
Do not struggle. Don't
fight me for it will only be worse".
Just 4 inches away from his face and closing.
"It won't take long either. I
know that mask is almost impossible to breathe through.
It's time for lights out my sweet, time to take a nice long nap.
In fact, you don't need to breathe!".
Her round plump buttocks make contact with his face muting all sound
and forming an airtight seal over his head.
He cannot move an inch. All
he feels is the heat of her pussy and ass over his nose and mouth; the weight
of his Mistress pinning him down in an unfair advantage.
He pulses within his wrappings, stiffening and weakening.
His last instinct is to ejaculate harder than ever before in a vain
attempt to perhaps allow his progeny to outlive him.
Mistress' magic hands guide the torrents of semen away from them and
they land on the floor. His brain
is on fire from the lack of oxygen.
Blackness closes in and he cannot fight any more.
Her final words before he loses consciousness are "Shssh.shssh.you
are mine for eternity.".

CH.4: EPILOGUE

Once I detect no more motion from you,
I wait a further 30 seconds, watching your chest to see if you still have a
chance at life. No.
He lies at peace at last. Unapologetic,
I tell your senseless, silent body "Foolish slave.
I don't know WHY you bothered with that pitiful, meaningless struggle.
Mistress ALWAYS wins. Tsk,
tsk, tsk". I lean over
you and gently place a wet lip kiss over the mask where your mouth would be.
Carefully she tucks in his oozing penis to the bandages and zips up the
shroud. A smile spreads
across my lips as I bask in the glory of possessing the ultimate power over my
slaves, and the joy of having executed that power as I saw fit.
I gasp lightly as I admire the contrast of your white shroud and black
belts within the snug tan case. It
was perhaps a tad small, but Mistress likes her slaves crammed into their
coffins, so the walls hold them tightly, reducing their movement and making
their surrender all the more quick and easy.

"He is beautiful now; just like
statue made in honor of his Mistress", I think to myself.
I walk over to the far corner and with some effort I pick up the lid of
the mummy case, bringing it back over to where you now lie.
I carefully line up the side edges and the bottom, which have wooden
tabs sticking out of the bottom half, every 12 inches, all the way around.
They coincide perfectly with similar-shaped holes in the base of the
lid. After a few seconds of
carefully lining them up, I watch the shadow cross your white form as I seal
you in darkness and forcefully push the lid down over My mummy, with a
satisfying 'thud'. Knowing
you aren't going anywhere, I shove the deadbolt through, and fasten it tight,
and lock each of the three large padlocks on the exterior just out of spite.

I then call five of my best slaves
with by banging the large gong on the far side of the room.
The banging can be heard upstairs through a series of clever air ducts.
These slaves are the only ones I trust with the knowledge of my secret
hideaway. About five minutes
later they arrive from the surface. "You
summoned us, Mistress"? says a tall muscle-bound slave.
"Yes, repeat the same procedure as with the last one, but this one
is a CONDITION TWO", I reply, which is my code for a dead slave.
Normally I smother them a little, but leave them to be buried alive in
their mummiforms. They all
slightly bow their heads to ME. They
understand and quickly gather round the mummy case.
The leader opens a hidden door in the back of the wrapping table and
removes large can of beeswax. Although
the seal of the coffin lid is fairly flush, this will be used to seal up any
inconsistencies and make the seal airtight to help preserve My little pet.

The lead servant applies beeswax along
the entire seam with a small flat tool, and then replaces them into the back
of the table. The second
servant removes a hammer and fine-point chisel which is now used to carve some
simple hieroglyphs into the head of the case.
I trained him in transliterating ancient texts and he kneels patiently,
waiting for me to dictate the final inscription.
"Here lies a man of servitude, who surrendered his life at the
request of his Mistress. He shall lay in peace under Her watchful eye for
eternity". Once he completes
the writing, the other four servants pick up the coffin, while the chiseler
uncovers a two by seven foot hollow opening in the wall. A false mosaic had
been covering it, so it went unnoticed by the slave.
It has perfectly leveled edges and was painstakingly crafted by my
mason servants. A matching stone
door of marble was crafted to plug the opening, which completes the existing
mosaic and has no handles. Once
it is in place it cannot be removed. The
servants gently slide the coffin into the opening, tilting it upright as if
standing at attention. In
a symbolic way, the slave will now serve Mistress in the afterlife.
Once the head is six inches beyond the opening, the stone door is then
inserted by the four servants until flush with the wall.
A dull 'thud' is heard by all and it is done.

The servants leave ahead of me,
clearing the room. I take a
long, slow look around the room. I
am satisfied at my growing collection, but want more still.
If you were still alive, you would no doubt make out the slow, ambling
click of my heeled boots as I made my way around the room, bravely using my
bare hands to pinch the wicks on each of the twenty-two candles one by one.
I smirk a little as I snuff each flame as easily as I snuffed out the
life out of my newest mummy.

Satisfied, I grab the chest and make
my way; gracefully and sensually back to the sunlight of the surface world.
Too bad it all ended so quickly. I
wish it lasted longer, this feeling, but it never does.
The only way to lengthen the experience is to re-create it.
Luckily, there are always more slaves to worship me.
More slaves to silence. I
am always in control and so shall it be for the rest of my life.
I have no regrets and no sadness, for there is nothing which I
'lose" that cannot be replaced. My
slaves however, are sometimes lost along the way, condemned to a nameless
fate, imprisoned behind nameless doors, where none shall ever find them.

But I always remember them.
I remember the looks of terror in their eyes from the uncertainty I
cause them. I remember the final
voluntary contractions as they struggle to cling to their lives; forgetting
that I alone possess their lives and that they have no control over what I
choose for them. I remember
the beautiful silence of their statuesque curves, as they are tightly cinched
in their restrictive cocoons. I
alone know their final plots and resting places.
Now it's time for a replacement for the last one.
Mistress desires another toy to play with for some fun and games.
Who shall it be?

THE END.

...Or maybe just the beginning...
