---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Night at the Fetish Club
authors:
- Roger
tags:
- F-m
- FF-m
- bond
- shackles
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2007-03-14 00:00:00
---

I had long been a devotee of self-bondage, lacking
anyone who would indulge me in the fetish - - for
free, that is.  (Sure, I could go to a "pro" but I never felt they were in it for the fun rather than the
money.)  I had bought myself all sorts of toys and
used them at home, and, occassionally elsewhere.

One that I was particularly proud of was a full set of
steel manacles; I bought these from a vendor at a
Renaissaince Faire.  Swords and armor were his main
bill of fare, but I did see a steel collar and so
asked him about manacles.  He took me into his back
room and showed me his work area, and said that this
would be no problem for him to make.  I told him what
I wanted and he took measurements, and told me to come
back the next day for the finished product.  The next
day, I went into the back room and he put them on me,
and it was wonderful!  So much so that I had an orgasm
then and there.  He told me that his girlfriend, who
worked at the Faire was pretty kinky, and if I wanted
to wait until she finished working in three hours, she
would lead me around and then out to my car.  I
couldn't refuse that, but decided instead to take off
the manacles and walk around the Faire, and then
return.

I should describe the set.  Black steel with an
allen-wrench closure.  Around each of the allen wrench
spots was a small collar with a hole in it, so although the screw was secure enough, a small padlock
(like those combination ones used for luggage) could
be put through the hole and keep the screw from being
loosened.  The collar also had a hole next to the
allen wrench screw.  The ankle manacles were
permanently attached with a 15-inch chain and the
wrist manacles by a 10-inch chain.  In the center of
both those chains was a ring a little larger than the
link in the chain.  To finish off the set, a vertical
chain would be brought up through the ring on the
ankle chain (with a large ring at the end so it could
not go all the way through the chain), through the
ring on the wrist chain, and finally to the collar
where it would lock to the large hole with a padlock.

There was one more place for a padlock, where the
vertical chain met the wrist chain, so it could be
adjusted for any height, or just left so the wrists
could move up and down the chain.
I returned at the appointed time and was met by the
wench who had just finished her gig as a swords-woman. What a turn-on that was; I had seen her fighting and
little did I realize this fox would be my partner.
She put the manacles on me, slowly but securely, and
then finished it with the vertical chain, locking it
to the collar.  Not to leave anything behind, she
locked my wrist chain to the vertical chain at waist
level and then put the keys on her belt.  In her
fighting costume, complete with sword, she paraded me
around the Faire, holding onto the vertical chain
between my wrist-chain and the collar.  Of course
there were a lot of stares as well as laughter and
catcalls, but I didn't care because I was on vacation
and far from home, so nobody whom I knew would see me. And, as you can imagine, this produced another
orgasm!

She led me out to my car and handed me the keys, and
disappeared.  That was the end of it, and for the next
couple of years, whenever I wore the set was when I
did housecleaning - - pretending I was the house-slave
of a group of females. Sometimes I did so in the nude,
and sometimes wearing a black turtleneck catsuit.

One night I went to the local fetish night at a bar
and got to talking with two sisters who were
first-timers.  They were interested in the whole
fetish scene, and also inexperienced.  (I wasn't even
sure if they would be dominant or submissive.)  I
decided it was an opportunity to tell them about the
manacles set and that the next week would be a bondage
night.  Would they be interested in going to the
bondage night as my handlers?  They were undecided but
I did make a dinner date with them for that night when
I spelled out the scenario; after all, there was no
sense leaving it to them when I didn't know what their
turn-ons would be - - and I DID know what my turn-on
would be.

When I had laid out my plans, they thought it would be
fun and came home with me.  On the way home, I had to
think what I would wear under the steel and decided
that I might as well go all the way in kink; they were
stopping first at home to change, so when they
arrived, I met them at the door wearing  the catsuit,
with only a pair of briefs under.  Their eyes opened
wide and they could see that I was, indeed, into
fetish.  The manacles were lying on the floor, and
they started to apply them - - ankles, wrists, collar,
and then the vertical chain.  When it was all
finished, one of them took out a camera and snapped my
picture with an instamatic, and left the result on my
table.

"Should we leave the keys here?"

"That's up to you.  You are in charge."

I considered that if they left them, I knew I would be
chained up for the whole time - - not that anyone was
going to release me.  They opted to take the keys with
them, and then each took a leash and snapped them onto
the loops on either side of the collar, and led me out
to their van, where they put me in the back seat.

When we arrived at the club, they parked a block away
and led me the entire distance.  My entrance was quite
the sensation.  Nobody else was so completely secured,
though one girl did have on a harem outfit with collar
and wrist chains.  Of course the reaction caused me to
have an orgasm, but I hoped the briefs would comtain
the mess.  My wrist chain was not attached to vertical
chain so I was able to enjoy the food and drink at the
party.

About 90 minutes into the party, I needed to go to the
bathroom and told them so.  The vertical chain was
removed and locked onto the loop at the back of my
collar, and then the catsuit was unzipped.  They took
me to the men's room door and told me not to be too
long, and they held the other end of the vertical
chain.  I relieved myself and also tried to clean out
my briefs, with limited success.  I came out and they
decided to leave the chain on my collar and use that
to leave me anchored while they went off to the
ladies' room.

While they were gone, I felt a terrible itching in my
crotch and tried to quietly satisfy it.  Whoops, they
saw me and assumed that I was playing with myself.
Enlisting the help of a couple of dominant women, they
held my arms and unlocked one of the wrist manacles,
and then forced my arms behind my back and then
re-secured them.  Then the vertical chain went back
into place, and they also added the lock between the
wrist chain and the vertical chain.  Now I was really
helpless, and that's how I stayed for the rest of the
evening.

But there was a woman who saw my predicament and
decided that it was time to tease me.  She started and
soon other women joined in to stroke my crotch, and it
wasn't long before I exploded with the best orgasm I
have ever had.  This time, the briefs did not contain
the mess, and the combination of bulge and cum brought
loads of laughter from all there.  (I must admit that
I loved the humiliation piled on top of the orgasm.)

An hour later, we went back to my place.  They told me
that they would leave the keys but phone me in the
morning to tell me where they were.  Yes, I was to
sleep in my manacles.  No problem there because I was
really tired.  The phone rang at 9:00 and I answered
it.

"The keys are in your mailbox across the street.
Since this is Sunday, there will be no mail delivery."

So I spent the entire day in chains, wrists behind my back.  When it got dark, I was able to slip across the
street to retrieve the keys.

Sadly, I never saw the girls again.  (But you can bet
I wore the manacles again . . . and again.)
Roger
[rog\_wms@yahoo.com](mailto:rog_wms@yahoo.com)
