---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/officer_strong.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Officer Strong
authors:
- Inmate
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

8
8
Officer Strong
by Inmate

SWF, 30-SOMETHING, RAVEN-HAIR,
ATHLETIC, LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.  STRONGER, FASTER, AND SMARTER
THAN YOU.  ISO M PRISONER FOR LONG-TERM DETENTION.  PREPARE TO
SURRENDER.

He turned back to that page
over and over again.  The ad was perfect.  It was probably a
fake, a game, someone looking for a cheap call or some college student
doing a paper in Psych 101.

Then again, what if it wasn’t...

He called the number at The
Personals and got her message.

“This is Officer Strong. 
I’m a member of the security team of a local prison.  I am seeking
a strong male to take as my own prisoner, to be kept a cell I’ve created...somewhere
safe.  I will arrest you, incarcerate you, and break you.  If
you are ready to surrender, leave your number.  Don’t waste my time
if you’re not serious.  There’s no backing out.”

He didn’t leave his number.

But he did call again. 
And again.  The message was intoxicating.

And finally, he did leave
his number.

Nothing happened for a while. 
Her message continued to run in the Personals section.

He called again.  “Officer
Strong, I like your ad.  But I don’t think you’re serious.  Call
me and tell me more.”

And call she did.

“I am a powerful woman,”
she began, “I’ve locked up over 200 inmates so far, in my ‘day job’. 
But I’m looking for something more, something more powerful, with fewer
rules, if you know what I mean.”

“You mean no other guards
to turn you in, no rules against rough contact with the inmates?” 
he asked.

“You’re starting to understand,”
she said.  “The prisoners have rights, they have lawyers, and they
usually have witnesses.  I am building my own small prison, where
I can have complete control.”  There was a cool and deliberate pause. 
“Let’s just say that in my prison, the rules are changed a bit.  The
guards are always in control, and their desires, all their desires, are
satisfied.  Inmates are nothing.”  Her voice trailed off.

His curiosity was winning
him over.  She was good, but was she real?  She certainly knew
what she wanted.

“Where can we meet?” he asked. 
“Lunch in town somewhere?”  Something innocent, public, somewhere
where she’d feel safe.  No threats.

She chuckled softly, then
sighed.  “No, that’s not how it’s done.  Inmates don’t get to
choose.  I’ll tell you where and when, next time I call.”  She
hung up.

He hoped that next time wasn’t
too far away.

But the days stretched on
into weeks.

Another call.  “Hi Officer
Strong, it’s me again.  I was just wondering, I guess you’re going
to choose where we get together, so just let me know and I’ll work it in. 
Uh, bye.”

And another week.

Calling again.  “Uh,
yeah, it’s me again.  Just hoping you were still serious about this,
but I guess it’s a game with you, so, call if you want.”  Ugh, that
didn’t go so well.  Can you delete these messages?

Another week.

Her ad was no longer in The
Personals.

But she called.  It
was Wednesday.  Voice mail.

“This is Strong.  Steven’s
Park, Thursday night, 11PM.  Wear jeans, boots, orange T-shirt. 
Be standing at The Point.  Take Friday off.  Prepare to spend
the weekend.  Call and confirm with the word ‘Surrender.’  One
word only.  Call by 5PM Thursday.  This is your one chance. 
Prepare to surrender.”

His heart was in his throat. 
He played it back over and over again.  Tomorrow?  The weekend?

He thought this was crazy.
One rule in the lifestyle : know your partner.

The night was agony.

The next day found him poorly-rested
and very anxious.

“You feelin’ OK?” asked his
boss.

“Ah, didn’t sleep so well
last night.”

“Humidity.  Did you
have the AC on?”

“Ah, no, that must be it.”

“Well, it’s a slow week,”
said the boss.  “Why don’t you take a sick day tomorrow?”

“Yeah,” he said, “thanks.”

So now Friday’s open. 
Too easy.

Thursday, 4PM.  4:30. 
4:45.

His stomach is in knots.

4:55.  “Surrender.”
he says.

He hangs up the phone. 
His stomach sinks.

7PM.  Dinner sits uneaten
on the counter.  He drinks water.  He drinks scotch.

8PM.  In the shower. 
He’s turned on by his fantasies.  Still, he shudders when he thinks
about it.  3 hours.

Is she a maniac?  Will
she show?  What if she is real and really arrests him, say as part
of a sting for Johns?  Is this illegal?  What if his company
finds out?  What is his boss is in on it?  He did suggest taking
tomorrow off.

He can’t possibly think of
any way to safely go.

He sends an email to some
friends, to get together for lunch Monday, a block from work.  “If
I’m not there, come on over to the house.”  He leaves a map on his
kitchen table with Stephen’s Park circled.  The post-it note reads
“11PM, Thursday.”  It has her Personals voice number on it. 
One of the lunch friends has a key.

10:15.  “It can’t hurt
to drive to the park,” he reasons.  “I can stay in the car, look for
her.  I’d be a fool not to do that much.”

10:45.  The Park is
all but deserted.  There’s nowhere to park with a clear view of The
Point.  He leaves the car at the lot and walks to another vantage.

10:50.  Time to leave
of throw up.  His stomach makes the choice for him.

10:55.  The wave of
submission overpowers him.  He clasps his hands behind his back and
walks slowly, face down, to The Point.  He feels like the condemned
prisoner walking to the cell for the first time.  He has no idea what
the future holds, only that the absolute, intangible need to submit has
taken control of him, just as he has always wanted.

11PM.  Nothing. 
The waves lap up against the rocks.  There is no moon, only the faint,
hazy glow of the sodium lights in the distance.

He continues to stand, hands
behind him, eyes closed.  He is burning with the need to submit. 
She has already taken him.

“Don’t turn around.” she
says.

His heart stops.  His
sweat turns cold.

“Don’t move at all.” 
The voice is more powerful than on the phone.  His mind is racing.

“Assume the position.” she
commands.

The position?  Hands
on the hood?  There’s no car.  His mind is a blur.

Through the clouds comes
the second wave of submission.  He feels it overtake him, like a sail
filling with a great breeze.  Everything is clear and peaceful.

He raises his hands and slowly
interlaces them behind his head.

“On your knees,” she says.

He drops slowly down into
the cool grass.

He hears her approach from
behind.  She lays a firm hand on his head, bending it forward and
making him more off balanced.  She kicks his feet apart farther. 
There’s a sharp pain in his knees as he fights to keep from falling.

He hears the first cuff open. 
His spine straightens so slightly, but she keeps the pressure on his head
to keep him off balance.  He feels the crisp coolness as the cuff
slides against his right wrist.  He hears the ratchet closing, slowly,
past each stop.  She is taking her time, allowing him to feel his
submission deepen with each deliberate, methodic click.  He feels
it close against the wrist, at first snug, then secure, then tight. 
He can feel the other cuff dangling against his neck.

She pulls his right arm down
and brings his wrist to the small of his back.  He feels her loop
the free cuff through his belt before pulling down his left arm. 
The second cuff clicks shut as engages it tighter and tighter.  He
feels her engage the double locks.  He is cuffed with his palms facing
away from each other; even with the keys, he could not get free.

He feels something being
placed over his head, then covering his eyes.  A headband of some
sort, but it makes an excellent blindfold in this case.  She puts
a hat on his head and pulls the brow down low, to shield the headband from
any potential spectators, at least from a distance.

“On your feet,” she commands,
grabbing him roughly by the arm.  She leads him slowly to another
section of the park, away from the water.  Walking is awkward, being
blindfolded and cuffed, across the uneven grass.  She holds his arm
fiercely, less to balance than to control him.

His mind is a blur, struggling
between fear and ecstasy.  Even if he could break free, where could
he go?  If he asked her to stop, what would she do?  He would
never get this chance again, so he had to go on.  The conflicting
thoughts filled him with thousands of images.

He felt the ground turn from
grass to pavement.  After a few short steps he heard the jingling
of keys and the opening of a car door.  Firmly she pushed his head
down and helped him into the seat.  He heard the click of the seat
belt, then felt her pull it tightly across his lap and chest, pulling him
back into the seat.  He felt her attaching leg irons to his ankles. 
Finally, he heard the door close.

After a moment, the front
door opened and he heard someone (her?) get inside.  Without a word
the engine started and they pulled away from the park.  Away from
the point of no return.

26.08.02

story continues in [**Officer Strong: First Weekend**](officer_strong2.html)

o0o
