---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Moving Stuff
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/mf
- storage depot
- lockers
- gibbet cage
- padlocks
- bond
- gag
- susp
- tease
- sleepsack
- chains
- stored
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2014-11-05 00:00:00
---

What started as a boring day took an interesting twist. Having bought yet more equipment we were forced to take a bigger storage locker at the big yellow self store. It’s all well and good having all the kit but storage is a problem especially for some of the larger pieces!

I had telephoned and arranged to take a unit four times the size, we currently had a small 5ft x 5ft locker which was packed to the top with stuff. Straitjackets, boxes of cuff’s and shackles, you know the usual stuff one stores at these centers ;-)

This was prompted by Vicki’s impromptu purchase of some stocks, which she planned to use at the school fete, and then would get stuffed into our private collection. I had planned a boring lazy Saturday and then to head over to physically move the stuff late at night, we had 24 hour access via a key fob that would let us in, and generally the place is empty Saturday night which would avoid the possibility of being overlooked, not that I mind, but it does get a bit tedious when you have to achieve something. Vicki was heading out with some of our friends on a girly night, so I would have nothing to do anyway. It would also give me the chance to organize the collection a little bit.

We had a fantastic takeaway, tidied up and then the taxi turned up for Vicki. It was about 10pm. I waved goodbye to Vicki watching the taxi head off down the road. About ten minutes later, I had organized some more bits and bobs to go to the storage unit and had loaded the stocks into the boot of the car, they came apart into several pieces which made things much easier. I closed the car boot and another taxi pulled into the driveway. Strange I thought to myself they must have got confused. I headed to the drivers side to explain to the driver that Vicki’s taxi had already arrived when the back door opened.

I saw Tania’s head pop up from just above the roof, “Hi, am I late?” she said with a smile.

“Late, well Vicki has just left, but she did not mention you were supposed to be going with her?” I said.

“No, I was not, she said that you were alone and would I mind helping you move some stuff, did she not tell you?”.

At this point Tanya had walked to the front of the Taxi, she was wearing some ripped skinny jeans, black suede over knee boots, a tight white top and her biker jacket. She looked pretty good. I was just about to say there was no need, but seeing her I thought it better to spend the night with a sexy girl than stuck on my own. “Great, your just in time, jump in” I said, opening the passenger door to the car, she slid herself in and we headed off to the storage center. “It’s not going to be too exciting I’m afraid, just moving boxes and then if we have chance I was going to assemble some bits and sort out some other bits” I explained.

We arrived at the Big Yellow Self Store. Tanya opened the boot of the car and grabbed a box, “Wow this is heavy!” she stated, she had picked up the box full of various types of handcuffs that we had been collecting, it was sealed so she had no idea what was in there. We opened up the main door and loaded all the bits into the lift. “What’s this?” Tanya enquired as she picked up the various bits of wood from the boot.

“All will be revealed in a few minutes,” I said to her with a wink. It took us a good few minutes to find the new storage area as it was located in an adjacent building on the complex, which meant that all the stuff would have to be put in the lift, taken across the car park and into the other building, luckily it was a very quiet estate at this time on a Saturday.

We opened up the new storage area and flicked on the lights. These centers are quite an odd place to be, they are located in two big warehouses, and on each floor there are just rows and rows of orange doors. In our new area which was easily big enough to walk in and walk around there were some steel beams running across the top. The manager had told us to feel free to hang stuff over them if we needed. Which was uniquely great for us as it meant that things like the gibbet cage could be hung up.

We locked the door and went back to the original unit grabbing a trolley on the way. With some effort we managed to pull out the gibbet cage and get it stood on the trolley. It was a bit wobbly. Tanya had not seen this before, but as you know from previous stories she plays with us quite a lot. “I have an idea” she said, and promptly climbed on to the trolley, she opened the door to the cage and stepped in sliding her arms down inside the internal areas so that her hands popped out the bottom. “Close it” she said calmly. Which I did.

“Do you have a lock, as the door is going to flap about.” I dug around in the boxes and found three padlocks which I snapped into place into the waiting hasps around the edges of the cage. The wrist shackles were hanging loosely by her wrists open, and the ankle shackles were also open at the bottom just outside the cage hanging over one of the bars by the short chain that connected them to the cage itself.

“These are going to clank around too, better fasten them as well” she said.

So another few minutes digging in the boxes, another four padlocks. Five minutes later everything was locked, and she was going nowhere, much to her pleasure. “I Love how this is so definite, there is no way I would ever get out” she said while wiggling as much as she could.

“One last thing,” I said, as I slid in the metal tube into her mouth, and locked it shut with another padlock, “Don’t want you making too much noise!” I then took a length of chain and wrapped it around the cage and fastened it to the trolley with another padlock. I pushed her into the lift and closed the doors plunging her into darkness I pressed the down button, and headed down the stairs to meet her. We trundled across the car park in to the other building, and then again she went into the lift up to the top floor. I pushed her into the new storage area, making sure she was located just under one of the beams. I undid the chain, and removed it from the cage. I then fed it through the hanging loop on the top, through it over the beam and then re-locked the padlock.

I jumped down and slowly pulled out the trolley. The cage tilted at a slight angle then slowly slid off the trolley, leaving both Tanya and the cage suspended about 12 inches off the ground. I had purposefully left the keys to the cage at the other locker. So without saying anything I pulled out the trolley, walked over and ran my hands up her legs, feeling the good quality of the suede boots, then the tight denim of her jeans, I let my hands run under her jacket and top, she was not wearing a bra. She moaned as I reached her nipples. I then pulled myself up on the cage, and slowly, tenderly kissed her neck as best I could through the solid bars of the cage. She was obviously turned on. So I jumped down, walked out the unit, turning off the lights, and closing and padlocking the door. I could hear the chains of the shackles clanking as she was struggling with them.

I was only gone about 10 minutes, I had brought the next load of boxes and stuff over. I unlocked the door and turned on the lights. There she was, now still but still moaning. I unlocked the shackles and then the door allowing her to step down. “What a trip, I am horney as hell” she said looking at me. Five minutes later we are on the floor.

Afterwards we spent the rest of the night until 2am sorting through all sorts of stuff. A lot of which I had to explain to Tanya what it was, how it worked, which slowed us down, but I knew it would lead to her wanting to try some more stuff. We were complete by about 3am. Tanya looked at me, “Lock me back in the cage” she said softly with a pleading look in her eyes.

“OK, but we do need to get going as Vicki will be back soon and I want to be home for her,” I said.

“No, all night, you can come back and let me out tomorrow!” she said.

I thought I’d better run this past Vicki, so phoned her mobile. We chatted for about five minutes and then Vicki said, could you let me in, the taxi is outside. She was obviously on her way over to see how we were getting on, on her way home. She saw Tanya and simply said, “So you’re dressed like a slut and you wanted to be treated like one?”

“Yes” Tanya replied, in a very submissive tone.

“And you, did you fuck her already?” Vicki said with anger in her voice.

“Yes mistress” I said quietly.

I should point out that Vicki is fine with her sisters and I, and just likes to play this game.

“So you both need to be punished for not asking first?” Vicki continued.

“Yes mistress” we both said simultaneously.

Five minutes later, Tanya is back in the cage, still in her leather jacket, jeans and boots. Shackled tightly and with the mouthpiece locked in place. Vicki pulls out the leather straitjacket sleep sack and fastens me in it tightly, locking the zips and then lacing up the chain and padlocking it tightly too, taking out any slack. With some effort Vicki lifts me onto the trolley and pushes me up next to the cage. She then takes a long chain and wraps it around both me and the cage, using the d-rings on the side of the sleep sack. She goes up through the shoulder ones and then locks the chain as tightly as she can behind my back at various places.

As I did she now slides out the trolley leaving me hanging from the cage. I can just about kiss the back of Tanya’s neck. The lights go out, and Vicki says to us, “There, you have your wish, I may be back tomorrow, but it will be late. Or I may decide to let you out sometime on Monday. I have taken all the keys with me. Have fun” and with that the door closes and we hear the padlocks being locked. Everything is quiet apart from our breathing, we just about make out the sound of the taxi driving away.
