---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sophie's Flatmate
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- n-a
---

**Sophie's Flatmate**
Chapter One

I'd been dating Sophie for about 3 months when I got this opportunity.  
As I've told before, Sophie shared a large two bedroom apartment with an
old school friend named Julie.   Whereas Sophie was petite and
slim with long wavy black hair, Julie was slightly taller and heavier,
with mousy fair straight hair, in a bob style and the most amazing breasts
!!.   She also had the same wicked sense of humour as Sophie
and where she currently had no steady boyfriend the three of us had occasionally
all gone out for a meal together.

This was one such occasion, I had met Sophie at her apartment after
work on Friday evening.   We had planned to go out for a meal
and a drink then after spending the night at hers would spend the weekend
at my place from Saturday lunchtime to Sunday evening.  Julie's date
for the evening had cancelled so she joined us for the meal.

We had a pleasant Italian meal, with plenty of red wine to wash it down,
and some lively conversation. At some point towards the end of the meal
Julie mentioned that Sophie had told her about some of our 'games' and
that she'd never been tied up by any of her boyfriends.   
I can't remember the exact conversation, but basically Julie wanted to
know why Sophie couldn't free herself if she was tied with rope. 
Sophie tried to explain, saying how it was a matter of being unable to
reach the knots.  Julie was still doubtful, so trying my luck I said
to her, "I'll bet you this restaurant bill that if I tied you up with only
four pieces of rope you couldn't free yourself within an hour".

I settled the bill and we walked back to Sophie and Julie's apartment. 
Inside, Sophie whispered to me "You know she's been planning this all week
don't you ?".  I laughed and said "No".  Sophie replied "Well,
I've got a plan to spice it up for her, you just make sure she stays tied
to a chair or something".

We all went into the lounge, and Sophie said "I'll get Colin some ropes
then make us a coffee".   I got a high-back chair from the dining
table and placed it in the middle of the room beckoning Julie to sit down. 
"You do know this bet will cost you £75 I told her".  Julie
smiled and said "I still reckon I'll win, then it'll cost you won't it
?".

Julie sat down on the chair.  She was wearing blue jeans, a lilac
blouse and black leather boots under her jeans.  Sophie returned with
the sports bag containing our 'supplies', then left for the kitchen.  
I started by tying her wrists together, palm to palm, behind the chair
back.  Cinching the encircling ropes down between her wrists, I then
tied the ends down to the bar underneath the chair between the legs but
leaving a couple of inches of slack. .  I then tied her left ankle
to the left leg of the chair.   I took hold of her right ankle,
which Julie had placed by the front, right leg of the chair, and looped
my rope around it.  "I bet you're glad you're wearing jeans and not
a skirt like Sophie's", I said to Julie. 
"If you were tying me to the bed I'd be worried, but tied to a chair
I don't see it makes much difference", Julie replied.   It was
then I pulled her right ankle back and upwards where I tied it to the rear,
right leg of the chair about 6 inches from the floor.  While Julie
was still looking down at my handiwork, I untied her left ankle from the
front chair leg and secured it to the rear leg also, leaving Julie in a
more vulnerable position than she'd anticipated.    "In
case you're wondering, your legs are tied like that to stop you pushing
against the floor with your feet", I helpfully informed Julie.

At this point, Sophie came back with two coffees.   "Sitting
comfortably ?", she asked Julie, smiling. 
"Alright thanks", replied Julie, "except that I've only counted three
ropes so far, not four".
"Here's number four then", I said showing Julie the shank of rope which
I knew to be about 40 feet long.  I stepped behind her and uncoiled
it into the doubled-over 20 foot length I needed.   Wrapping
it around Julie's elbows, I looped the ends through the middle, pulling
it tight and Julie's elbows together.   Five turns around her
elbows and cinched thrice had her elbows secured together, about 2 inches
apart.   Then, wrapped around her chest and the chair back both
above and below her now even more prominent breasts left her fixed firmly
to the chair.

I stepped back in front of Julie to admire the view.   With
her legs pulled back and apart her jeans were stretched tightly over her
legs and crotch, with her elbow bondage really showing off her breasts.  
Her blouse opened slightly between the buttons due to the tightness of
her blouse across her thrust out breasts.   Julie had already
started pulling at her wrist bonds and trying to twist her way out of the
ropes holding her to the chair.

Sophie walked over to Julie, "Do you remember saying that as well as
being to get free of ropes, that no gag could keep you from calling out
?", asked Sophie.  "Well", she continued, "Seeing as your about to
start your hour-long bet, what better time than to prove you wrong about
the gag too".   Sophie walked over to the sports bag full of
our 'toys' and pulled out a medium sized ballgag, a one and three quarter
inch red rubber ball on a one inch black leather strap.   Stepping
behind a curious Julie, she eased the ball into her mouth and buckled the
strap tightly behind her head.   I assumed that this was what
Sophie had meant when she told me of the trick she had in store for Julie
so even I was surprised when Sophie said to Julie "Have fun for the next
hour, I can assure you that you won't be getting free, and while you're
helpless here we're going to the bedroom where Colin is going to fuck me
senseless", then reaching her hand out to my groin, she rubbed my hard-on
through my trousers.   "Come on lover boy, I know how hot you'll
be by now".   Sophie smiled, licked her lips and virtually threw
herself at me, wrapping her arms round my neck and forcing her tongue into
my mouth as she kissed me wantonly.

Chapter Two

I kissed her back, then breaking away said to Sophie, "Don't forget
our safety rules, I don't leave you alone while you're gagged, do I ?". 
Sophie looked up at me, her eyes open wide, "Not right in front of her
- we can't !", she exclaimed. 
"Yes we can, and we will", I replied, "Go get a blindfold for Julie".   
I looked at Julie who by now had eyes equally wide open and was mmmmphing
round her ballgag.   "Nothing to worry about, you just keep on
struggling and leave Sophie to me", I assured her.   Sophie produced
our padded leather blindfold with the nose-cut-out from the bag, and moving
herself behind Julie buckled it in place.   Julie instinctively
tried looking out from underneath it and all around it, unfortunately for
her, just as fruitlessly as her quest to free herself.

With Julie tied, gagged and now blindfolded I turned my attention to
Sophie.  In a way only Sophie could, she looked at, lifted up her
black leather mini-skirt and said simply, "Come on then, fuck me !".
Never one to refuse that invitation, I took hold of her and lowered
her down to the floor.  While kissing, I quickly had her panties off,
and she my trousers and underpants down to my knees.   She pulled
me on top of her and I slid easily into her welcoming pussy.  
Sophie was so turned on she came quickly and even by her standards, loudly.  
I let her come back down before pulling out and rolling her over, onto
her stomach.   Picking Sophie up by the hips I slid easily back
into her wet pussy and thrust back into her hard and fast.  
Within a minute I could feel myself coming, and exploded what felt like
a gallon of sperm high up inside her.   With Sophie fast approaching
another climax, I continued thrusting into her and she gasped, shook and
groaned through another powerful orgasm.

I withdrew my cock, leaving Sophie resting her head on her forearms,
her ass still high in the air.  I quickly removed my trousers and
underpants then reached over to our 'toy' bag and grabbed a pair of handcuffs,
some rope and our other padded leather blindfold.

Before Sophie realised what I was doing her, I had brought her wrists
behind her back and handcuffed them.   Lifting her up into a
kneeling position, I used one length of rope to make a quick harness around
the back of her neck, under her armpits from front to back then joining
the ropes in back.   Lifting her arms high up her back the loose
end of the harness rope was tied around the handcuff chain before being
tied off to the centre of the rope behind her neck.   With Sophie's
arms secured I crossed her ankle and tied then cinched them securely also.  
None of this particularly surprised Sophie who merely assumed I was preparing
for 'round 2'.   What did surprise her was the leather blindfold
buckled snugly over her eyes and behind her head.   I cut her
exclamation short by kissing her deeply and stroking her between her legs,
gently massaging her clitoris.    I was already starting
to get hard again, so I stood up and said to Sophie, "Now you can use that
sexy mouth of yours to get me ready for you again".    I
helped Sophie to shuffle forward on her knees so she was facing the sofa,
then walked over to Julie who was still tightly bound to the chair in the
middle of the room, and removed her blindfold.

Julie blinked her eyes and adjusted to the light as I sat on the sofa
in front of Sophie and holding her mane of black hair guided her mouth
onto my cock.  As a bound and gagged Julie looked on incredulously,
a bound and blindfolded Sophie sucked me off.   With Sophie's
skill at fellatio, combined with me looking back and fro from Sophie's
lips to Julie's chest and legs, it didn't take me more than a minute or
two to feel myself coming again.  I stood up from the couch, and holding
Sophie's head continued to thrust my cock in and out of her mouth as she
knelt in front of me.  Holding her hair, I held myself deep in her
mouth as I came.   Sophie swallowed the lot and licked me clean. 
I helped her to kneel upright, kissed her then strapped a ballgag tightly
into her mouth.  Making sure she was balanced okay, I removed her
blindfold.  It took a few moments for her eyes to become accustomed
to the light, then a few more seconds before she remembered Julie tied
to the chair behind her.  Looking up at me Sophie smiled then turned
round to see Julie.

"Mmmmhnnn", Sophie shouted through the ballgag.  "Yes", I replied,
"I thought it was a bit unfair to keep Julie blindfolded as well as tied
and gagged.  You don't mind, do you ?", I asked rhetorically.
A struggling Sophie then waved her cuffed hands at me from behind her
back, pleading "humm hmy hmee".  I stood up, pulled up my trousers
and underpants, then walked over to the door into the lounge.  I showed
both girls the handcuff key then placed it on top of the door architrave. 
Looking at Sophie, I said "Julie's already been tied up over an hour, so
I'll leave you to untie her.  Once you've untied her, she can get
the handcuff key for you, because you're certainly in no position to do
so."  I finished dressing, watching both girls struggling to free
themselves.  "I don't know why you're still trying, neither of you
is ever going to free yourselves", I told them, "Until you untie Julie,
Sophie, neither of you are going anywhere. Anyway, have fun and I'll be
back in an hour or so to pick you up Sophie and take you to mine for the
weekend".  I left the lounge, closed the door and a minute later loudly
opened then closed the front door of the apartment.

Chapter Three

Unknown to Sophie and Julie I had not left the flat, but quietly sneaked
back into Sophie's bedroom where I could just about hear the goings on
in the lounge. After about five minutes of mumbling and shuffling noises
I heard Julie suddenly say "I don't know how you convinced me to do this,
but I'm damned if I'm going to let you get away with it.  You can
stay like that 'til Colin returns".  The lounge door opened and Julie
walked by the open door of Sophie's bedroom and into the kitchen. 
I decided to stay where I was for the time being and see what developed.

After making herself a coffee Julie returned to the lounge and with
the door now open I could hear better.  I could hear Sophie was still
gagged by her mmmphings through her ballgag, so it was obvious she was
still tied or cuffed also.  Next I heard Julie turn on the television
followed by more protesting from Sophie.   I knew that Julie
probably had her back to the door from the position of the TV and sofa,
so I decided to peek round the lounge door.  I quietly sneaked out
of Sophie's bedroom, along the hall to the open lounge door.

What a sight !!  Sophie was still ballgagged and handcuffed, with
her wrists tied to the rope shoulder harness, but Julie had re-applied
the padded leather blindfold and hog-tied her! Where I had crossed Sophie's
ankles and tied them with rope, Julie had then bent them up behind her
and tied them up to the shoulder harness also, placing her in a nice, tight
hog-tie.  Sophie had rolled onto her side, facing away from the door,
but with her mini-skirt still up round her hips and no panties, I had a
lovely view of her pretty little ass.

Not chancing my luck I quietly returned to Sophie's bedroom.  After
five minutes or so I heard Julie get up and walk towards the open lounge
door.  I hid behind Sophie's bedroom door where I heard Julie go into
the bathroom, presumably to use the toilet.  I had a wicked idea.

I waited for her to shut the door and quickly made my way to my trussed-up
girlfriend in the other room.  Sophie remained securely tied, gagged
and blindfolded - perfect for my plan.  I picked up the sports bag
full of our bondage gear and sex toys and hurried back to the hallway.  
I turned on both the hall light then the one in Sophie's bedroom and sat
myself down on her bed to wait for Julie to come out of the toilet.

Sure enough, Julie finished in the bathroom, came out into the hall,
then stopped at Sophie's open bedroom door and peered in.  I already
had my index finger up to my lips and indicated for her to be quiet. 
I beckoned Julie into the bedroom and said quietly, "If you want to get
your own back on Sophie I've a great idea for a trick".  Julie replied
"How did you get back in without me hearing?"  I explained that I'd
never actually left as I'd wanted to make sure Sophie released her. 
I then told Julie my idea for a prank on Sophie.  Julie smiled, "If
you did that to me I'd kill you, but I'm sure Sophie's up for it".

I pulled the duvet off the bed and while I was tying the leather wrist
and ankle cuffs to the bedposts. I explained to Julie how get Sophie into
the bedroom and spread-eagle her face-up on the bed. I finished securing
the cuffs to the corners of the bed, then tied a pair of handcuffs to the
middle of the foot-board, leaving about 18" of slack in the rope holding
them to the bed.  I then followed Julie back into the lounge.  
As I'd instructed, Julie informed Sophie that she wasn't angry with her,
as she'd been more than willing as Sophie knew.   Julie then
surprised by Sophie by telling her that I should be coming back soon, so
she was going to put Sophie back in the bedroom where she could wait for
me in comfort.   Julie untied the hog-tie rope then Sophie's
ankles and helped her to stand up and smoothed down Sophie's mini-skirt.
I was still watching quietly but intently while all this was happening.

Sophie turned her back towards Julie and waved her cuffed hands while
mmmphing at Julie to undo her hands.   Julie, playing her role
to the full, laughed and said, "All in good time, now follow me". 
With that Julie took hold of Sophie's left elbow and led her out of the
lounge and into Sophie's bedroom, with me eagerly following.  Julie
led a blindfolded and gagged Sophie to the end of her bed and helped her
to sit down, roughly in the centre of the bed.  Julie helped Sophie
shuffle herself up onto the bed properly and then pulling her ankles together
secured them with the handcuffs.   A few tugs on her legs and
Sophie soon realised that her ankles were also tied to the bed.  
Julie looked at me to remind her what to do next and I mimed a response.  
Julie nodded that she'd remembered and taking hold of Sophie's shoulders
told her she was going to lay her on her side for a minute.  
Julie lowered Sophie down from sitting to laying on her right side, so
that her cuffed hands were accessible and not trapped uncomfortably under
her back.

Releasing Sophie's left wrist from the handcuff, Julie eased it out
to Sophie's side and after she'd had a quick stretch, lifted it up and
buckled into the leather wrist cuff at the left of the headboard. 
Julie then untied the handcuffs from the shoulder harness and rolling Sophie
onto her back, pulled her still handcuffed right wrist out to her side. 
"Nearly there", Julie said, "just a few minor adjustments and I'll leave
you ready for Colin when he returns".  Sophie relaxed a bit, and after
stretching her right arm Julie lifted it up to the right corner of the
bed, removed the handcuff and buckled Sophie's wrist into the leather cuff,
spread-eagling her arms.  Sophie raised her head and mmmphed at Julie
to take out her gag.   Julie impatiently told Sophie to wait
a minute and went to work on Sophie's feet.   Undoing the handcuff
around Sophie's left ankle, Julie pulled her leg out to the corner of the
bed and buckled the leather cuff around it.  As the ropes all had
plenty of slack in them Sophie was still quite relaxed, and obviously still
oblivious to my presence.

Julie released Sophie's right ankle from the handcuff and spreading
her legs secured the remaining leather cuff around her ankle, holding her
in a loose, but still secure spread-eagle on the bed.   Sophie's
skirt had risen high up her thighs, and even with her blouse still fastened
she looked incredibly sexy.

Julie walked around the bed and one by one tightened the ropes holding
the cuffs to the bed corners and forcing Sophie into a now quite tight,
stretched, spread-eagle.   Julie then removed the two pillows
from the bed and holding them atop each other pushed them under Sophie's
ass, lifting her hips off the bed in a most inviting manner.  
This was met with more good natured but loud protests from Sophie, with
Julie just reassuring her that she'd be a nice present for me on my return.
"Colin will be here fairly soon, but there's just one last adjustment
before I leave you", Julie told Sophie, then looked at me.  
Taking hold of our large vibrating dildo, I turned it onto full power and
held it next to Sophie's head.   Sophie began shouting 'no' through
her ballgag and shaking her head furiously.  Julie smiled and quietly
left the bedroom, leaving me to continue playing with an unsuspecting Sophie!!

Chapter Four

With Sophie still thinking that I wasn't there and that her flatmate
Julie was, I pushed the dildo into her.  Spread-eagled tightly, with
her panties off and wearing just a mini-skirt she could do nothing but
buck her hips and plead through her ballgag, as I slowly fucked her with
the dildo.   Sophie was shaking her head at me and begging me
to stop.  With the dildo vibrating on full power, I could tell that
despite her best efforts to the contrary, she was building up to an orgasm.

I gently pushed the dildo deep inside her, then left it there vibrating
away while I undid the buttons on her blouse.   I opened her
blouse, exposing her breasts, albeit covered by her sexy, black lace bra. 
Fortunately for me it was one that fastened in the front, which meant I
could undo it without giving Sophie the chance of recognising my hands
or arms.   I unhooked the fastener and freed Sophie's breasts,
giving her yet more cause for concern.  As Sophie struggled to free
her hands, her exertions did manage to expel the dildo from her pussy. 
I leant forward and took her right nipple in my mouth.   Sophie
was desperately trying to tell me to stop, all I did was suck hard on her
nipple, rolling it around my tongue, all the while easing the dildo, still
vibrating on full power, back into her pussy.  I played her like that
for a few minutes, enjoying her pleading and struggling.

To add to her embarrassment, as well as give her the orgasm she didn't
want, I gently eased the dildo from her pussy, then opening her pussy lips
with my fingers I lowered myself between Sophie's thighs and flicked her
clitoris with my tongue.  Boy, did she wriggle now.  She was
almost yelling through her ballgag as well as trying to buck me off with
her hips.  I alternated sucking on her clit with using two fingers
to rub her G-spot inside her pussy.  Despite her protests and struggles,
she came quickly and loudly, but still fighting her bonds.

As she finished coming I reached behind her head and unbuckled the ballgag.  
Unable to eject it herself, I eased it from her mouth.  Within seconds
she'd eased her jaws enough to shout at me "You crazy fucking bitch, untie
me you fucking lesbian".  I reached behind her head and unbuckled
the leather blindfold.  "Surprise !", I said as Sophie blinked her
eyes.
Sophie just stared at me, almost in disbelief, definitely in relief. 
"You, it was fucking you all along?", Sophie exclaimed.  I just looked
down at her sexy, still tied body and removed my trousers and underpants
to reveal a large, aching erection.   I climbed on to the bed,
lowered myself between her spread legs and slid effortlessly into pussy. 
Leaning forward, I kissed her, then said "Yes, just me for the naughty
bits, but Julie did help me out with convincing you otherwise".  
Holding Sophie's shoulders I quickened my pace and fucked her to a mutual
climax.

I released Sophie from the cuffs and after resting a while on the bed,
I got up to get her a drink while she went to the bathroom to freshen herself
up. Returning to the bedroom, I got dressed and started tidying up the
bondage gear into the sports bag ready to bring back to my place for the
rest of the weekend.  It was just as Sophie returned to the bedroom
that I noticed the handcuffs and rope shoulder harness Sophie had worn
earlier were missing.   Looking closer, so were the ballgag and
blindfold that Julie had been wearing when we'd tied her to the chair. 
As Sophie got dressed, I went back into the lounge to check there, but
they were definitely missing.   I went back to Sophie's bedroom
smiling.  "Do you and Julie ever share clothes and things?" I asked
Sophie innocently.  "Sure", she replied, "why?"

"Well", I said, "I think she's just borrowed your ballgag and handcuffs
!! ".  Sophie's eyes widened, "Are you sure?" she asked.  
I nodded and showed her, "I think your flatmate is practising a little
self-bondage, don't you?" I said.   If she was, at least we also
knew she'd remembered to have a key handy as one of the two handcuff keys
was also gone.

By now, it was well past midnight so we finished getting everything
ready to take to my place.   Just before we left, I said to Sophie
"Do you think you should check on Julie?"  Sophie agreed, and went
to Julie's bedroom.  I watched as Sophie first listened at the door,
then softly knocked and called out for Julie.   Finally, Sophie
quietly opened the door and peeked in to the room.   From where
I was in the hallway, it looked like it was all in darkness.  Sophie
appeared to have a good look around the room, then closed the door and
whispered that we could go now.

When we were outside, Sophie told me that Julie was fast asleep and
under her duvet, but that the rope and handcuffs were on the floor next
to her bed, with the ballgag and blindfold on the top of her bedside table
- along with a vibrator!
As we drove to my house, we joked that while we would be having fun
in the morning, it looked like Julie would be as well !!!
