---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'My Daughter & I Part 11: At the Asylum'
authors:
- Cropsncuffs
tags:
- FF/f
- bond
- straitjacket
- rack
- toys
- nc/reluct
- X
date: 2008-10-09 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**My Daughter & I Part 10: Hunted**](my_daughter10.html))_

_**Part 11: At the Asylum**_

_Emma has started to scream now. And it’s not making the slightest difference to the two rather attractive nurses who are hustling her away down that gleaming white corridor. She’s fighting them all the way of course, but her actions are rather limited at the moment. You see, this is my revenge for what she did to me and my boyfriend (Check out [part 10](my_daughter10.html) of my rambling tales if you want the full details), and I had been watching from a secret little booth as those two sexy nurses came to her bedside and had their wicked way with her.

Already sleeping a deep, partially chemically induced sleep I watched as they carefully removed the few scraps of clothing she wore and felt my breathing quicken as they unrolled a pile of pale fabric covered in a mass of leather straps and buckles before almost lovingly applying it to her helpless naked form.

They were teasing her, poor thing. I saw Emma moaning softly in her sleep as wandering fingers caressed already erect nipples, and when a fingernail touched her tenderest spot she made a tiny sound more animal than human.

Arms were fed into closed sleeves before the body of the straitjacket was laced tight about her slender waist and generous bosom. The collar was buckled closed and the crotch strap pulled wickedly tight about her womanhood. There was no way she was going to be doing any solo playing while that was in place, that was for sure.

Stocking-tops were flashed as those kinky nurses in their white satin costumes bent over to roll Emma on to her chest before crossing her limp arms behind her back and fastening the tough leather straps that would hold her arms tightly about her in a wicked hug from which there was no easy release. I could hear the well-worn leather rasping through the buckles as they pulled those last few straps tight, and for a moment I wanted it to be me in that straitjacket. Made absolutely helpless by those two gorgeous figures in their fantasy costumes, theirs to do with as they pleased.

They rolled her back onto her back, and as I saw Emma start to stir they were swiftly buckling tethered leather cuffs about her ankles to complete her imprisonment.

I have always felt the best part of any little game is the moment when your subject realises that they have been had, or that they really are in your power until you choose to let them loose. And Emma was about to have just such a moment. I watched her big blue eyes flicker open, darting quickly left and right as she tried to make head or tail of the pure white ceiling above her, then flinching as those two heavily made up dolly nurses lent over her and smiled widely.

“Welcome to the asylum” said one “We hope you will like it here”

I watched as Emma tried to get up, and the slow realisation dawning on her face that she could not. She looked down her body and swiftly took in the tight canvas straitjacket into which she had been wrapped, the lengths of her long shapely legs and the leather manacles that kept her ankles together and anchored to the frame of that cold steel bed.

Her suddenly wild fight against the restraints was completely expected, and as she bounced and heaved upon the bed those two delightful nurses both took a pace back and continued to smile at her in their soft, welcoming way.

As the fight started to leave Emma and she sank back panting onto the bed they stepped back to the bedside and both placed their palms against her heaving body. Emma glared up at them through a wave of her sweat-soaked red hair as they softly pressed her back down, smiling all the time as their hands moved silently back and forth, caressing, stroking and tweaking, swiftly reducing Emma to a writhing wreck, squealing and squirming inside that tight jacket.

I knew Emma was about to come as I watched her delightfully pale face flush and I heard the soft growl that crept into her moaning. And at that very moment the nurses snatched their hands back and watched silently as Emma cried out in frustration as her wild arousal subsided into sheer frustration.
Before her mind was truly her own again they were unbuckling her ankles and had her on her feet, hustling her towards a pair of double doors above which a large sign bore that classic greeting “Abandon hope all yea who enter here”

The doors swung silently open, and as they closed smoothly behind Emma I could still hear her screams, and a moment later there was a nurse at my elbow. Smiling sweetly she guided me from my chair and into the complex proper.

The girls down at the stables had told me all about the Asylum. Where, for a not inconsiderable financial consideration, fantasies of pure medical submission could be played out. Sometimes, I was told, on not entirely willing subjects. The thing was, I was very carefully told, if you paid for a week, a week you got. Just like in the real world, once a subject was committed, they had to stay the course. And many was the inmate who had paid for a lengthy stay only to find that maybe their fantasies should have remained just that, for once inside the nurses would never let you go. Every door had a lock, every treatment a terrible sexual purpose, and every restraint utterly inescapable.

I was escorted along hidden corridors, peering through grilles and one-way mirrors, always able to see Emma being hustled along those bland corridors. First she was hurling abuse and threats at them, then demanding to know what they thought they were doing, then pleading to be released. Then, finally, she asked what they intended to do with her.

“Why” said one of the nurses brightly, “Whatever we like. After all, you have been committed to our care, and we must make you as comfortable as possible, mustn’t we ?”

“And what if I don’t co-operate ?” Emma snapped back, but I could tell from the tone of her voice the part of her that was the submissive bitch in her was already starting to wallow in the perversion of it all.

Rather more gently than before, they guided her to one of the doors they were passing and allowed her to peer in through the tiny viewing hole.
There was a simple bed in the middle of the room, and there was a girl lying on it. A girl who was whimpering quietly as she lay there swathed from neck to ankle in pure white stretchy bandages whose multiple layers kept her legs tightly together and her arms tight against her sides.

“She didn’t want to co-operate” said one of the nurses “So we put her in for orgasm therapy for a while”

“She’s been in there for quite a while now” said the other nurse “She should be quite, quite docile by the time we take her out”

Both Emma and I spotted at the same time the fine cable that run into that wriggling cocoon of bandages exactly where her crotch would be and realised that a terrible vibrating intruder had been placed right where it would have the worst effect on it’s victim. As we watched it kicked in, and within moments she was writhing on the bed, her feet twisting back and forth where they protruded from her cocoon. Her cries for release were heart-rending, interspersed with the tiny female sounds that announced the oncoming orgasm.

Before we could see her final release Emma was hustled along to the next door and allowed to peer in again. Here an unconscious girl was being softly spreadeagled by two more of the delightfully outfitted nurses. Fawn and tan medical cuffs were being gently applied to her every limb as she lay there oblivious to what she was going to find when she awoke. Part of me wanted to be her so much, but suddenly Emma was shouting at her to wake up, to get up and fight back, and before my charming fantasy could run it’s course they were tugging Emma away from the door and away into another room.

“Now now Emma” said one of the nurses, wagging her finger at her for emphasis, “We really cannot have to disturbing the other patients, can we ?”

Emma told her exactly what she thought the nurse could go and do, and in the fraction of a second that followed she realised the second nurse was out of her sight and that something was afoot. She twisted her head round just in time to see the bundle of medical straps unfolding towards her head. She tried to dart away, but both nurses took a swift pace forwards and held her tight between their beautiful bodies (Now there is a place I wouldn’t mind finding myself for a while I thought) and their four swiftly dancing hands tugged at straps and artfully arranged buckles before pulling them quickly tight.
When they stepped back Emma was their completely silent plaything. There was a huge bit between her lips, and the myriad straps kept both it in place, and her mouth firmly closed against it. They both smiled at her again.

My thought as to what was coming next were interrupted by a sharp prick at my elbow, and as I turned to look at my nurse I briefly saw a tiny hypodermic before my legs crumpled under me and I slid to the floor.

Consciousness returned slowly, and with my recent memories still uppermost in my mind it came as no real shock to find my arms wrapped tight about my body and the ever-present pressure of a collar about my neck. My eyes flickered open, and in a mirror opposite me I could see what had become of me. I was quite naked except for the straitjacket, and where I was perched on the edge of a shaped stool my legs extended in front of me ending in tight cuffs that were chained to the floor.

Emma stood across the room from me, and she was wailing into her gag harness fit to burst. Now quite naked except for her head harness, she was locked into an upright rack that had control of her every limb and movement. Extending out from a tall steel pole was a collar on the end of a rigid bar, and just below steel cuffs mounted on the pole kept her hands level with her beautiful breasts, her elbows bent at right angles flapping fit to burst.

Her ankles were locked into heavy steel cuffs protruding from near the base of the pole. They kept her ankles tight together, and at a strategic height a final steel holder extended from the pole and supported what I soon realised was a vibrator inside my now writhing daughter. Unable to part her legs in the slightest every wave was rolling through her doing it’s terrible work on her, and as I watched the sweat rolling off her and her skin flushing I knew she was on an orgasmic rollercoaster both terrible yet at the same time wonderfully and wildly pleasurable.

One of the nurses glided up to her as I watched and weighed one of her delightfully soft breasts in her hand, her thumb running roughly over the already erect nipple until Emma was quite literally screaming with arousal. Apparently pleased with herself the nurse turned to face me with a smile.

“Your boyfriend sends his compliments Ma’am.” So that explained a great deal. “And says he hopes you will enjoy your time here with your daughter. He has purchased you a two week stay,” Her smiled widened a touch, “With all the extras!”

Another nurse moved aside a medical screen to reveal a second rack, upright and implacable just like Emma’s. There was the collar, the two rigidly mounted sets of cuffs, and a huge, double pointed vibrator mounted between them. I started to fight them as they helped me off my stool, but it was hopeless. Slipping off the cuffs they tugged me almost playfully towards the rack, quickly offering my neck up to the solid steel collar on that cold steel pole. As I felt it close about me I too started to scream, and part of me watched helpless yet fascinated as I felt the gag harness being tightened about my head until I could only gurgle my protests.

The straitjacket seemed to melt away as my wrists soon following my neck into their implacable bondage. Then that terrible vibrator was slowly, oh so slowly inserted until I was full, and it was locked into it’s place on the pole. My ankles were swiftly snapped into the final set of cuffs, forcing my legs tight together with no hope of release. Then the vibrator hummed into life. It’s faint, insidious vibrations starting to do their work. I received a cheery swat across my arse from one of the nurses before they pulled the screens back around me and I was left to my fate.

For a time all I could hear were Emma’s muffled cries, and for a time I though they were getting louder until I realised some of those cries were my own. It was going to be a long two weeks.
