---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiesad/babysitting.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Babysitting
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- F/f
- vore
- swallowed
- eaten
- reluct/nc
- XX
date: 2006-02-17 00:00:00
---

They seemed like the average middle aged couple. Amy had run into them,
literally, while out for a jog. A 5' 9" 120 pound blue-eyed brunette, she
had an well toned athletic body, an attractive face and slightly larger
breasts than she would have liked. A conversation with an offer had resulted:
Did she think she would like a position helping take care of their daughter?
Amy had the impression that the girl was an infant, meaning a lot of work. She
had meant to ask the age and to get more specific about duties and pay, but
being an aspiring, temporarily out of work, actress she had agreed.

"...Perhaps you could come for dinner," Mrs. Ashton suggested. So
Amy had a short work out at the gym and went straight over wearing the black
stretch one piece, sneakers and a windbreaker for cover. The house was in a
good part of town and well maintained. "Perhaps I'll ask $15 an hour or
more," Amy thought, "if I can get a peek at what's parked in the
garage." She had proceeded up the driveway, thought the better of it and
went straight to the front door. She had hardly finished ringing the front
bell when Mrs. Ashton opened it.

"Oh, good my dear, your timing is perfect." And turning her head,
"George that girl is here." Turning back to Amy somewhat quickly (as
if I might get away, Amy thought) , "Did you drive here? Where's your
car?"

Amy pointed to the Red Cabriolet on the street.

"George, GEORRGE...Get the girl's car and put it in the garage,"

"Oh, that's okay," Amy said, " It's looks like a safe
neighborhood, besides anyone stealing that old thing would be doing me a
favor." She laughed at her little joke.

Mrs. Ashton didn't. George was coming up the entrance hallway two glasses
of wine in hand. He wore a pleasant smile and was about to speak when Mrs.
Ashton took the proffered wine glass and gave it directly to Amy. She then
took the other.

"George,the car..."

"Oh!" George startled, and moved quickly through the doorway
almost pushing Amy in the process. He took two steps forward before turning,
hand outstretched, for the keys.

"Really it's okay," Amy flustered, fumbling with her purse while
trying to balance the glass handed her.

"Don't be silly," Mrs. Ashton cooed, "Its better for us in
the garage. That way we won't be worrying about it. You might be staying
longer than you think." And after a moment's reflection, "If you are
delayed, is there anybody you need to call?"

"No," Amy replied, "No roommates. I'm pretty
independent."

Mrs. Ashton smiled broadly, "We love independent young people, don't
we George?" Amy turned waiting for the reply but George was already out
of earshot, entering the car. He must have run down the driveway Amy thought.

"Come inside," Mrs. Ashton beckoned, stepping aside, "I'll
give you a little tour."

The front entrance opened to the living room, den and the hallway that lead
straight back to the kitchen. Mrs. Ashton barely nodded to either room and
walked quickly back to the kitchen. Here she stopped and turned, examining Amy
fully. Light brown hair fell just below her shoulders, with innocent crystal
blue eyes in a soft feminine face. Her body sensual but trim with wonderfully
full breasts, a flat stomach and long, smooth, lightly tanned legs. "Ummmh,"
moving her tongue slowly over her lips, her eyes stopping more than once on
her soft, well rounded breasts.

Amy blushed. "I, uh, work out," she offered, and took a gulp of
the wine. Her head swam. Damn, this is strong, she thought. Mrs. Ashton slowly
sipped her wine, savoring it, and swallowed. "You will leave my daughter
quite satisfied."

"Oh, yes," Amy perked up, glad to change the subject, "Where
is she? I would like to meet her."

"She's out on the patio by our Jacuzzi" Mrs. Ashton stated. Just
then George came through the door from the garage and nodded to his wife. He
did not offer the keys to Amy. Mrs. Ashton turned and opened a door to the
back.

George smiled at her, "It really is a nice Jacuzzi." And extended
his arm toward the door. Amy, feeling a little confused, walked past him to
the door.

"Oh, don't forget your wine," he said, handing the glass to her.

"It's a little strong...uh, for me, " Amy demurred.

George pouted, "It's a family wine. We've been making it for
generations. Give it a chance. It will help you digest."

Feeling trapped, Amy took the glass and since George continued to watch,
took another swallow. This time an odd tingling sensation followed, like
thousands of tiny little needles within her. George refilled her glass at the
door and sent her through. The couple did not follow. "Tell Michelle to
let us know if she likes you," he called down. She thought she heard him
lock the door as she descended the steps.

The stairs led down to an glass enclosed patio surrounded by extensive
shrubbery. There were the usual white wrought iron furniture pieces and, by
the Jacuzzi, a semi-reclined female. No child this. Greeting her was a 16 year
old with golden blond hair, well developed breasts, silky legs overtaxing a
tight red bikini. She turned to look at Amy.

Michelle's eyes were blue, and...hypnotic. Her full lips, glossed red,
formed an almost natural pout. They spread slowly, and a perfect set of white
teeth opened. Her tongue pushed forward and moved with deliberate languor over
her lips. Amy could feel herself being drawn in, imagining herself entering
that mouth...and shook her head to clear it. Must be the wine she thought.

"Hi!" Michelle smiled, "You must be Amy. My parents told me
about you and I had to have you for dinner."

Amy was confused. This was not what she expected but she continued to move
forward toward Michelle. She felt drunk and looked down at the wine glass to
find it empty. She looked past Michelle's mouth to get her bearings. There was
a pack of cigarettes next to her lounge. She didn't usually do this unless she
had been drinking.

"Can I have one of those?" Amy asked pointing.

"Oh," Michelle responded casually, "After I have dinner.
Otherwise it spoils the flavor."

Maybe if I ate something, I would feel better, Amy thought. She was about
to ask...

"Hey want to try the Jacuzzi?" Michelle gestured with her arm.
Amy mesmerized following the outstretched hand. She could almost feel that
soft hand caressing her, red painted fingernails digging into her flesh. She
pulled her eyes away and stopped. It was twelve feet in diameter, set into the
ground and already bubbling. What stopped Amy was the water.

It was brown.

"Isn't it great? I really love it. It saves so much time and makes
everything so d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s."

Even Michelle's voice was hypnotic. Amy stared. "Why... why is the
water brown?"

"Oh that, " Michelle said laughing, "We use a special
combination of, uh, ...minerals to, uh,... soften the skin." She stood up
and stepped forward to Amy. Michelle's hands almost caressed the windbreaker
off as Amy stood transfixed. She was Amy's height and looked straight into her
crystal blue eyes as she held Amy's face. Her hands moved down the sides of
Amy's neck to the black stretch cloth. Deliberately, the hands peeled back the
black, exposing the upper chest.

"Wait. I, uh..." Amy began.

"Don't you want to get in?" Michelle asked pouting. "It's
very relaxing. You won't be able to resist anything..." The voice
continued heavily while Michelle's mouth moved sensuously with each word.

"Yes,... I... I'm afraid you're going to eat me"

Michelle continued to move her hands downward taking the cloth with them.
She ran them over Amy's breasts. Lightly, tickling at first then firmer. Amy's
nipples became erect. She moaned softly, her head drifting backward.

"Oh, I wouldn't eat you like this," Michelle offered. Moving her
mouth to Amy's erect nipples. She eased Amy forward into the Jacuzzi, moving
her lips across her breasts, painting the nipples with her tongue.
"There. That's better." Michelle said stepping in with her.
"Why don't you take off the rest of this," she suggested, moving her
hands downward and sliding the wet black nylon off.

Amy floated, not resisting, feeling tiny pin pricks on her flesh. "You
know," she said dreamily, "it smells a little like the wine but
with... herbs?"

"Ummmh," Michelle replied, lifting Amy's thigh upward in the
water and spreading them. "Let me just check the taste." Moving
forward she placed those red lips on Amy's pussy. Her tongue pressed Amy's
clit and began tasting it. "Ummmh, Just right, I think" and began
sucking. Amy got hotter and harder and could feel herself opening, dripping
fluid. She grabbed at the blonde head and buried it in her pussy. She came
again and again. Michelle pulled back.

"That was a nice appetizer. Amy do you mind if I eat you?"

Amy heard the voice in a fog. She had never been so turned on and now so
exhausted and helpless. She knew she had to get out of here but felt trapped.

"No," Amy barely replied, "Please don't. Please let me
go."

"Are you sure?" Michelle teased, taking Amy's pussy into her
mouth again, running her tongue all over it.

Amy moaned, exhausted, "No, please stop, don't." She thought she
heard Michelle say, "Oh well..." in the distance, but someone was
still holding her legs and began bringing them together. She felt herself
being pulled out of the warm brown water. Her feet tingled with an odd
pressure. She thought she could feel Michelle's tongue moving over them,
tasting them, her mouth sucking on them.

She opened her eyes. Her feet were up toward Michelle and seemed to be
entirely in her mouth. The brown fluid from the Jacuzzi was dripping off her
silky naked body but the brown had stayed on her skin. "Oh my GOD,"
She screamed, "I've been basted. You're eating me! No!"

She tried to kick but Michelle had her feet firmly in her mouth. The red
pouting lips began to suck as Amy was pulled inexorably forward. Her calves
followed and then Michelle's lips were at her thighs. Her tongue caressed each
part as it moved, tasting, titillating. Amy thought she was too large to be
eaten this way but watched as Michelle continued to suck her in. Her thighs
had disappeared and the tongue was again at her pussy. It teased and tasted
and despite the terror, Amy came again. Michelle's hands came up and caressed
Amy's soft basted buttocks.

"No...please...stop."

Michelle slid them forward, her teeth pressing into the roundness,
indenting the flavored skin. "Ummmh. Delicious."

Amy tried to look elsewhere, anywhere but that mouth that kept getting
closer. Michelle had moved up her torso and sank her teeth into her
midsection. She moved her head slightly from side to side, teasing, showing
total control as Amy's limp body moved with it. Michelle sucked her in to her
breasts again sinking her teeth into the soft tasty flesh. The nipples got
hard and she sucked them, pulling the flavor through them into her body. Amy
tried to push off with her hands, but Michelle simply pulled them together and
stuffed them into herself, continuing to swallow. As Amy's head began to enter
Michelle's mouth, Michelle looked down.

"Would you like that cigarette now?" And laughed as she pulled
the last of Amy into her mouth. Amy could feel Michelle playing with her face
with tongue, tasting her, sucking savoring the flavor. Then she swallowed.
Amy's body slid downward to fall into Michelle's stomach. She was conscious
feeling the "wine" dissolve her insides and Michelle's gastric
juices doing the rest. She was absorbed into Michelle.

Michelle dabbed her pouting lips with a napkin and patted her distended
belly. She laid back on the lounge and lit a cigarette. Smoking languidly, she
massaged her abdomen. "You were delicious, Amy."

The intercom buzzed. "Michelle," Mrs Ashton's voice sounded,
"I don't want to catch you smoking."

"Yessss, mom," she replied.
