---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/the_abandoned_hospital.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Abandoned Hospital
authors:
- Rupes
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- bond
- cell
- straitjacket
- hospital
- cons
- X
date: 2019-12-16 00:00:00
---

It had been on my to-explore list for some time and we just got word that we only had two months left before the place was bulldozed to make way for a new development. The perks of being friends with some of the towns planners. I also got a permit to get us past security, on the guise that I would inventory anything of interest left on the site that the council could make money from by selling. However, there was one condition on the permit and that was that there had to be myself and one other person present during the visit; who that was, was my call.

I thought long and hard about it, until one day a friend of mine came by, you know the type stereotypical blond, athletic, and into her outdoor sports, which gave her the perfect qualifications for the little expedition. I explained what I was planning and she was instantly in. We arranged to meet on the site and I told her to wear something sensible for exploring.

The day came around, which happened to be a Saturday. We met at the main gate, she parked her car in the car park to the side of the main gate. When she got out my jaw nearly hit the floor. She was looking like a blond Lara Croft. Hair neatly pony-tailed, a tight top showing just a little midriff, tight tan leather shorts and mid-calf military boots. She jogged over and jumped in the passenger seat of my car. We set off on the quarter mile journey to the main building, parking in a weed-covered space at the front of what was Accident and Emergency.

I dug out the bundle of keys to the place and after a bit of searching found the right key, however because the power was off we had to wrestle with the automatic door to get it open. It’s really funny, the building was not in bad shape, just deserted and obviously deserted for some time. There was dust everywhere, but the waiting room was all pretty much as you would expect. Except devoid of all electronics you might find in a functioning department. It still smelt like a hospital.

“Where shall we go first?” I asked.

“Let’s just walk around the corridors and see what we find that’s of interest to us.”

We proceeded to the main corridor, we are at one far side of the hospital so all the departments lay ahead of us in one long line. We passed the first few; X-RAY, just a bare room; antenatal, nothing of interest; a couple of generic wards, again just abandoned beds. Then things got slightly more interesting, operating theatres, interestingly these were much cleaner than the rest of the place which we put down to the doors being better sealed. But again, everything that may be worth anything to the council had already been removed. There were a few implements left around but they were slightly tarnished and rusty so of no use to anyone.

Next up was the morgue. Morbid curiosity got the better of both of us so we ventured down the stairs in the basement area, where we were greeted by the site of a wall of slightly open stainless steel drawers where the bodies of unlucky people would have been kept. Sara heaved at one of the drawers, which slid out about 4 feet to reveal a stainless-steel slab like inner. I was looking at some paperwork on the other side of the room, when she said, “hey, close the drawer, I want to see what it’s like.”

*What the hell,* I thought and shoved the drawer back into its recess. It closed with a very pleasing click. I waited about 30 seconds, and then pulled on the handle which moved slightly then another click and the drawer slid back out. “Hey,” she exclaimed, “that was fun, but not long enough!” Without her being able to get out another word I slammed the drawer back in and went back to reading the paperwork. After about 10 minutes or so, I had read all I wanted and re-opened the drawer slowly. Her eyes were wide in the torchlight, obviously as she had been in total darkness for a bit. She sighed as I told her to get up as we had a lot more to explore!

Next up was the dispensary, then records, café, more wards; all stripped bare. Then another sign, psychiatric. We turned in and were greeted with stairs going down, this time there were many more stairs. We eventually walked into a fairly innocuous looking ward with rows of beds and nothing noteworthy, other than one bed which had some leather medical restraints hanging over the edge. Sara was transfixed however, as soon as she reached out to touch one of the restraints it was clear that they were so old, weak and degraded, the leather cracked as soon as she touched them. “These are no use,” she said, disappointed.

At the back of the ward there was a door. It took us a while to find the unlabeled key which opened it, this then lead into a small corridor with two closed doors. An office type room on one side with its door open, inside a small very old desk and chair and some even older looking filling cabinets. We opened one of the drawers and it was still full of patient records from years before. The first door opposite the office room was locked, but we soon found a key that turned the old lock. Inside it was filled with wooden boxes. We examined a few, mostly paperwork, one contained what looked like really old cleaning products. The next door was more interesting, as it had two locks, one top and one bottom.

“Wow,” said Sara, “they either want to keep something out, or something in.” The locks used the same key, there were a few similar on the keyrings, much bigger and more intricate than the others, made from what looked like brass. The door was also steel plated. It swung open heavily and with a squeak. We were now looking at a room, with six similar doors, three on either side.

The air was much mustier through here, all the doors were locked. Again, each door had two locks on, top and bottom, and the doors were labelled 1 to 6. We opened door 1, and found nothing other than a concrete room, dusty, dark and slightly damp. Door 2 was much the same, although there was sort of a raised concrete platform in this one, like a bed at the far end. Door 3 was the same. We moved to the other side. Door 4 swung outwards as it opened. We shone our torches in and could see hardly anything just darkness, no furniture and the walls looked almost black, no features. I ventured inside and instantly fell over, the floor seemed unstable, I landed in a heap. The floor was soft, padded. I got close up to the wall, it was a padded cell. The walls were indeed black, covered in what seemed to be leather, and it smelled like leather, albeit slightly musty. Sara must have noticed the fact that I was in one of the cell, gently stroking the wall. Without saying a word, she grabbed my torch from the floor, turned and slammed the door. It shut with loud clicks as the locks engaged.

I was trapped, in the dark leather covered prison cell, no windows, no noises. I would have played with myself there and then, but the thought of her opening the door at any moment stopped me. I guess I was in there about 10 minutes, when I heard the locks opening. I tried to look, but Sara shone the torch right into my dark-adapted eye. “Look what I found she said as she threw a wooden box on the floor.”

I could see nothing, my eyes hurt. Next thing I feel more than see is my arms being pulled into something. I soon found out it was a straitjacket made from a similar leather to the room covering, that Sara had found in the storeroom. Once she had cinched up all the buckles I felt her tugging something up my legs, a leg binder. It took her a couple of minutes to cinch up the buckles on that too. I was trapped. Now she was pulling something over my head, a leather isolation hood, thickly padded. More straps, and then she just left, taking the box with her, I heard, faintly the door slamming shut. I tugged at the jacket but it never moved an inch. It was getting kind of warm in that thing but no sign of Sara, just blackness, and no noises. I panicked several times, but no matter how much I struggled the jacket did not release any of it’s crushing pressure. I had a raging errection at the thought of my predicament, but had no way to do anything about it. I could do nothing by lay there waiting for my sweet captor to come back and let me out. It seemed like hours when eventually the door opened and I felt the straps being released.

Will continue in part two
