---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/special/halloween24/jabbas_palace_party.html
subcategory: TG/CD Stories
title: Jabba's Palace Party
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F/m
- Machine/m
- bond
- halloween
- party
- darlex
- catsuit
- hood
- mask
- vr
- enclosed
- mum
- wrap
- fibreglass
- toys
- remote
- tease
- denial
- transported
- public
- electro
- climax
- conditioning
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-10-30 00:00:00
---

#### Halloween Props

Phil’s friend Beverly texted him a week or so before Halloween “You’ll never believe it!”

“Believe what?” he asked back reasonably.

“A friend of a friend has a contract to decorate for a massive Halloween party for a giant tech company! And I am being asked to help make some of the props!” Phil could sense his friend was excited.

“Isn’t this a little short notice?” Phil wondered.

Beverly responded “Yes, but that’s why they need me. The person who is doing the overall decorating is way behind and is subbing out various projects to all her friends.”

Phil asked concerned “Are you going to have time to make whatever prop she wants by the party?”

Beverly was a little slower to respond this time “Well, that depends. I actually could really use your help for this project. Are you available Halloween day and night? You’d get to attend the party.”

Phil was flattered “I’d love to help, I can be free that whole day and night if you need me.”

“Excellent, come to my art studio at noon Halloween morning.” Beverly added a few smiley faces to her response.

“Oh, what’s the theme of the party?” Phil wanted to know.

Beverly replied “A night at Jabba’s Palace, Star Wars themed. But don’t worry I’ll have your costume ready for you. See you Halloween morning. Gotta run, lot’s of supplies to buy and things to make!”

Phil texted a simple “ttyl” back to his friend and wondered what she needed help with the day of Halloween and what costume she had for him.

He shrugged his shoulders and tried to put his curiosity aside for now. He had work to do and Halloween was still a week and a day away.

#### Halloween Morning

Phil was up early Halloween morning, excited to get to his friend's studio, it was several hours drive away and he wanted to be on time for her. Not knowing what to expect and assuming she’d need him to do some sort of work, maybe painting or lifting, he dressed in older casual clothes. He grabbed his phone and sent her a message “Up and running, see you at noon”. Then jumped in his car and headed down the highway, his mind still trying to figure out what prop she was making and what she needed him to do. He hit a drive through for a breakfast sandwich and a large soda, then was on his way.

One hour and 47 minutes later at ten minutes to twelve he arrived outside her art studio and luckily found parking in front of the building. He waited a few minutes, then hopped out to knock on the door.

Beverly answered his knock and opened the door beaming at him “Right on time Phil,” she enthused. As she ushered him into the studio proper she commented, “Which is a good thing, we have a very tight deadline and I couldn’t start without you.”

He noticed that on the large central table down the middle of her studio, the usual odds and ends and half finished projects had been cleared away and there was a large black “box” of some kind covering most of the surface. He wandered over to look at it, while she did something nearby on a side table.

It was made of plywood, about 7 feet long and 3-4 feet wide. It had sides built up around the edge so the central platform was raised up about 5 inches, but still an inch deep. Inset around the outside of that built up edge were some electronics panels with led lights, push buttons and “random” gadgets. Around the inside edge was a rope light tucked under the edge so it was hidden. The entire object was painted a super glossy black and it practically shone under the lights over the table.

“This looks familiar.” Phil said out loud to Beverly. “Is this the frame for Han being frozen in Carbonite?”

Beverly clapped happily “Yes, does it look like it?”

Phil walked around it and looked at it from several angles. “I’m not sure how screen accurate it is, but I definitely knew what it was. Especially considering the theme for the party.”

“The people throwing the party provided the electronic side panels, so I can’t say how accurate they are. But the dimensions of the bed are as close as I could make them.” Beverly informed Phil.

Phil joked, “Now all you need is someone to freeze in carbonite.”

“Exactly,” Beverly said and looked at him with a smile.

“Ha ha,” Phil chuckled, then noticed his friend wasn’t laughing.

“Wait a minute, that’s the help you needed?” Phil looked around worriedly, suddenly expecting a pit and heavy machinery to appear from the movie.

“Yes, but of course Carbonite is a made up material,” Beverly reassured him.

“Yes, I know that,” Phil replied “But then how exactly do you need my help?”

“I've got it all figured out,”’ Beverly explained. “You are going to lay on the prop and I am just going to layer fiberglass bandages over you. After they harden I’ll paint them to make them look metallic and we’ll have our victim in carbonite.”

“But I don’t look anything like Han, and I don’t think fiberglass bandages are going to show much detail? In the movie you could see his clothes.” Phil asked her.

“Not a problem.” she further told him. “They didn’t want Han frozen in Carbonite exactly, this is supposed to be a very adult event. They just want someone frozen in Carbonite.”

“How adult exactly?” Phil probed.

“Did I ever tell you what this tech company makes?” Beverly asked.

Phil retorted “No, but I think you are dodging my question..”

“Yes and no.” Beverly hedged a little. “So this company makes accessories for virtual reality, real cutting edge stuff.”

Phil was honestly curious “Do tell?”

“So one of the things they are designing is a full body haptic feedback suit.” Beverly explained “They are looking to test it and they provided a suit in your size.”

“Why will I be wearing a virtual reality suit?” Phil’s curiosity was fully engaged.

“Well in addition to providing feedback to the wearer from the virtual environment, it also monitors heartbeat, body temp and oxygen levels.” Beverly informed Phil “So I can monitor your status as we apply the fiberglass layer.”

“Nice safety feature.” Phil remarked. “So where is this high tech costume?”

“Be careful with it, it’s a prototype,” Beverly said as she handed him a briefcase with a company logo on the lid. “Also don’t wear anything under the suit, it needs as much skin contact as possible to function properly.”

Phil took the case and headed to the bathroom to change. He opened the case to find a dark gray suit in a rubbery material, somewhere between latex and spandex, it had a shine to it and was very soft. It obviously had lots of wiring and what he assumed to be sensors of some kind built into the material. He put it off to the side and stripped off his own clothes.

Before pulling on the suit he used the toilet, he didn’t want to have to go later in the middle of his friends project.

Sitting on the edge of the bathtub he slipped his legs into the bottom half of the suit. The rubbery material was cold at first but once it was in contact with his skin it warmed up quickly. It was stretchy and had a silky feel to it, slipping on easily. Phil had worn latex clothes before and they either needed talcum powder or a lube of some kind to get on. This material, while rubbery in feel, slipped on like spandex. He couldn’t really feel the built in wiring or electronics, they seemed to stretch just as easily as the material it was embedded in.

He went to stand up and pull it up over his hips when he noticed an added feature.

“Um Beverly?” He called out loudly.

“Yes?” she replied pulling the door open a crack to respond. “Do you need help zipping up or something?”

“Not quite there yet,” Phil replied calmly, “This suit has an unexpected feature.”

“What do you mean by an unexpected feature?” Beverly asked.

“It’s got a…builtin plumbing option, so to speak.” Phil told her nervously

“Oh they told me about that, don’t worry.” Beverly sounded upbeat “You see, eventually they want to expand into the world of virtual reality sex, so of course there will be male and female suits with the necessary bits built into the suits.”

“I guess if you're okay with it, I’m okay with it,” Phil said, slipping his manhood into the sleeve and pouch built into the suit.

“We are both adults, it’s not like I haven’t seen a cock before,” Beverly replied to Phil.

He had his arms into the sleeves and gloves then quickly pulled the hood over his head. The hood had a builtin faceplate that held what appeared to be lenses over his eyes and speakers over his ears. Once he had that positioned properly he then turned his back to the door.

“Ready to be zipped up,” Phil told her.

She opened the door the rest of the way and entered the bathroom. Phil’s back was to her and she grabbed the rather small zipper pull and sealed him into the high tech suit. Once zipped closed the zipper seam almost disappeared, it really was a well built suit.

Beverly didn’t think her friend with his now gloved hands would be able to pull it back down by himself, but that was a problem for later.

Phil tugged here and there on the material as best he could with his gloved hands, smoothing the suit out. He had to admit the soft silky feel of the material felt really good against his skin, if he got the chance he’d suggest they just sell the suits even without the haptic feedback circuits. The only drawback was the suit felt “really good” against his skin and he could feel his manhood rising to the stimulation.

“So how do you monitor my condition in the suit?” Phil asked Beverly, trying to distract himself, as he followed her out of the bathroom and back into the studio.

“Of course there’s an app for that,” Beverly showed him her phone and called up the suits app. “All within normal zones.”

Phil looked at the graphs and was reminded of another SciFi franchise, it looked a lot like the sliding bars on the medical beds from Star Trek. Everything was in the green zone currently.

“Okay Phil, I need you to climb up on the platform, get into a comfy pose and let me do the rest.” Beverly said as she patted the prop.

Phil a little self consciously in the rather revealing skin tight suit climbed up on the flat surface and laid down. He noticed a feature he hadn’t seen in his earlier examination.

“Hey what are these two holes for?” he asked her.

The holes in question were about the size of a one inch pipe and about 8 inches apart.

“Oh that’s for your breathing. I designed this with a small breathing mask like hospitals use for oxygen. It’ll cover your lower face and the tubes lead off to the sides though those holes.” Beverly told him proudly.

“So I should position my head in between them.” Phil said, while thinking to himself, she has thought this out.

“Yes, here’s the mask. Your suit fabric is breathable especially over your face, so you can wear it over the suit.” Beverly handed him the clear plastic mask with two tubes leading off both sides.

Phil fitted it over his chin and nose, the elastic strap went around the back of his head. He laid back down again then wiggled around till he could feed the two hoses into the matching two holes in the surface.

“Unlike Han in the movie, you’ll have to lay flat on the surface. So we can lift the fiberglass piece off of you later.” Beverly told Phil as she filled a pan with warm water from the sink and opened several boxes.

Phil ‘mmphed’ agreement and positioned himself like the movie, but instead of his hands pointing outward, laying them flat near his shoulders.

Beverly leaned over Phil and checked everything was ready to start. “Okay the suit has a visual feed and audio feed, so I’m going to set up my phone so you can watch and hear what happens.”

Phil was surprised the app had such a feature and was grateful he wouldn’t just be stuck in the dark till the fiberglass set and Beverly let him out.

“Ready to be sealed in Carbonite?” Beverly asked him one more time.

Phil grunted his assent and nodded yes.

“Okay here we go.” Beverly reached over to the pan where several of the fiberglass casting bandages were already soaking. Meanwhile Phil’s view shifted to a camera view from Beverly’s phone propped up on a nearby counter but looking at Phil’s body laying on the prop.

It was to say the least an interesting sensation. He felt the bandages being applied over his head, and at the same time had an out of body viewpoint where he was watching his friend apply and cut them to fit the prop. She had it down to a science quickly, she could lay five full length strips of casting bandage down, before she had a small piece left over that she simply tossed into a trash bin.

Five bandages, 3 inches wide with some overlap, meant Phil was disappearing under the fiberglass coating at about a foot per roll of bandage. Letting one bandage soak as she applied the first, meant she had the next one ready to go as soon as she finished the previous roll. Phil watched fascinated as his body was rapidly covered from the top of his head to about his belly button in 25 minutes or so. Phil watched as his friend changed to the other end of the “bed” and started applying bandages from his feet upwards. Again she made very short work of it and had the bottom half up to mid thigh completely covered in 20 or so minutes. Phil noticed she tested the fiberglass near his head to see if it had set. Phil was curious too and tried to move his head, it might have flexed slightly but he couldn’t move it.

He’d been so fascinated by watching the process, as if it was happening to someone else, he hadn’t noticed how stuck he was.

Beverly turned to her phone and the app running there. “So before I go any further Phil, I have a small confession to make. I was told this is a very adult party, they are hiring burlesques dancers, strippers, exotic dancers, etc. So I was asked to make my Han in Carbonite as adult as the rest of the event.”

Phil wondered where she was going with her confession. “So the confession has two parts, the first part is I knew the suit had a built-in sleeve for your cock, it also has built-in functions to stimulate you. He watched as she picked up her phone and pressed some buttons. I hope you enjoy this.” She returned it to the counter top and Phil again had a view of his now mostly covered body.

It was subtle at first, and he thought he was imagining it for the first few seconds. But eventually he had to admit the suit was making his balls tingle in a pleasurable way. He watched his cock grow and swell via the phone’s camera, until it was fully upright. Then he watched as Beverly dipped and cut up another roll of the fiberglass bandages and covered the rest of him saving his upright cock for last. Soon there was just one missing gap where his cock stood fully upright. Beverly gently bent Phil’s cock upward but flat on the bandages already covering his lower belly. She had a few pieces pre-cut and layered them over his shaft. Once his shaft was covered up she again ran longer bandages side to side over the top further sealing it away. Phil was stimulated by the suit, then by her hands molding the bandages around his cock. Watching the whole process through the camera and built in lenses over his eyes made it seem like he was starring in his own porno.

Beverly worked very quickly and Phil watched as the fiberglass layer covered him completely. Phil ached, the suit was stimulating him and his cock was aching to cum, but there was nothing to push him over the edge into orgasm. He sighed to himself, realizing there was nothing to do but wait for the fiberglass to set and for his friend to set him free.

He watched as his friend continued to putter, was she soaking another bandage in the pan of water? Yes, that was definitely another roll, she pulled it out and started laying down another layer over the first. This bandage was blue, and she overlapped it even more than the first layers. But she was also more used to working with the materials, so very quickly she had soaked, layed out and cut to fit a brand new blue layer of fiberglass completely covering the first black layer, including his cock, which with two layers of fiberglass bandages wrapped over it was becoming an impressively large and obvious bulge.

Beverly didn’t even wait for this new layer to set at all. She immediately started soaking more of the black bandages, layering them over Phil, covering the blue layer completely, but working up from his feet this time. By changing directions, she no doubt was making a much stronger shell.

When she was done with that layer of black fiberglass bandages she started putting away her leftover materials, the scissors, dumping the pan of water, and in general tidying up. When she was satisfied with her efforts she reached over to the fiberglass and tapped it. Phil heard it through his ears and also through the speakers in the suit. It sounded like it was solidly set and mostly dry.

Beverly then opened up some cans of paint and using sponges dappled the paint over the fiberglass, using a mixture of silver and pewter, she soon had a nice metallic finish painted over the fiberglass.

Beverly turned to the camera and picked up her phone. “Let me give you a better view Phil.”

She slowly panned the camera up and down her work, Phil noted the fiberglass was very evenly applied and the paint job really gave it a “this is several inches thick of metal” look. If it had not been him under it all, he would have been very impressed with her work.

“I can hear you asking, why three layers of fiberglass?” Beverly addressed him through the camera “Well that’s the second part of my confession Phil.”

“Second part of her confession?” Phil thought to himself.

“You see, the tech company asked for an X-rated Han in Carbonite because they wanted to test that haptic suit you are wearing on someone who can’t do anything about it.” Beverly confessed to the trapped Phil. “They wanted a living breathing bondage object.”

“All these electronic panels on the side of the bed, they are actually functional. They monitor and broadcast your condition via bluetooth.” She leaned into the camera. “I know how much you love bondage, so I hope you actually enjoy yourself. But I couldn’t ask you first and take a chance you wouldn’t volunteer. I really needed this job and you are the only person I know who loves extreme bondage. I hope you can forgive me later.”

“Later?” Phil thought.

“The shipping company will be here soon to take you to the party and set you up on display.” Beverely pulled some boards out from under the table and fitted them to the board that was under the Carbonite prop. “They have the lid to this crate I’ve just assembled around you.” She continued to explain things to Phil. “I’ll be at the event and make sure you are okay and to let you out after it ends. I’ve gotta change into my costume, talk to you later Phil.”

Beverly threw a drop cloth over Phil in Carbonite, saying “I don’t think the delivery men need to see you in that pose Phil.”

Then turned off the app and Phil’s view went dark and his ears heard nothing. But the suit was still doing its best to keep his cock on the edge of orgasm. Phil lay in the darkness and quiet, physically trapped in a way he’d never experienced before. The last time he had seen a clock, it had been 1pm. She had sealed him in his Carbonite prison in about two hours of work. Assuming the party went till midnight, that meant he could expect to be trapped for the next 8 hours or so. Phil’s mind drifted off into subspace, he really did enjoy extreme bondage after all, and he doubted he’d ever be in a more extreme position than this.

The suits' biofeedback circuits noted his change in brainwave patterns, checked their programming and determined everything was functioning normally. It continued its last command and kept stimulating the wearer of the suit just to the edge of achieving release, then backing off until he calmed down enough to then ramp it back up. There was a learning circuit programmed into the suit's brain, the brain of course being connected to the suit via bluetooth. It existed in the company's cloud server, a connection setup via the Carbonite Bed’s electronics. It reviewed the last hour of its efforts to stimulate the suit's occupant, since it was instructed to edge him. It noted the wearer had a lot of stimulating brain activity when it had been accessing the camera and audio application. It reviewed what the app had shown the user. It compared that footage to other videos found on the world wide web, it had a huge database of materials it could sort through and compare. It determined that the wearer had been mentally stimulated by fiberglass casts and encasement. If called up all videos it could access, with those keywords, and played them on the lenses in the suits hood.

There was an immediate reaction from the current suit wearer. So it showed the wearer clips and learned what his preferences were. Narrowing the field, until it found video files that kept the wearer mentally stimulated and excited. In other words the suits AI learned what pornos would keep Phil calm, happy and horny.

#### Halloween Afternoon

Phil’s pleasant daydreaming provided via the suit and the built in lenses, was rudely interrupted by a loud thumping sound. Followed by a strange whirring sound and a screech of some kind. Phil had heard those sounds before, he shook off his brain fog for a moment to recall where or when. Whirring and then a screech…he remembered “when I was building that wooden deck a few Summers back, that’s the sound of a handheld drill putting screws into wood until they are tight.” Phil was pleased with himself for solving the riddle, but then realized it was the movers putting the lid on the crate he was inside of!

He lost count as a second drill started up, they must be in a hurry he thought. But they easily used 20 or more screws on the lid. Phil felt very very trapped and very very horny at the same time. The suit noted Phil’s elevated stats and assumed it was based on the video he was currently streaming through the lenses in the suit. Phil had been so absorbed in the sounds coming from outside he wasn’t even paying attention to the video, but the AI didn’t know about the crate, or the screws, or how that was affecting Phil.It could only use the data it had to reach a conclusion. Based on the data it had, it adjusted its program to further enhance Phil’s experience.

The video the AI assumed Phil was enjoying: “Slave training male subs using extreme bondage and subliminal messaging.”

The AI adjusted the video feed, still feeding Phil a steady diet of extreme encased bondage, but now with powerful women controlling and using the men in bondage.The AI flickers a few messages across the lenses as Phil is watching “obedience is rewarded”, “Men need to be controlled”, “you are happier in bondage”. Phil, still with nothing to do, watched the videos while floating on a high of almost cumming, expertly kept on edge by the AI brain and its biofeedback sensors.

Phil felt the box he was in being shifted and moved, put up on its end and Phil felt and heard the large crate being wheeled; he assumed it was outside, and loaded onto a truck with a hydraulic lift gate. The sound of ratchet straps filled his ears as the crate was secured inside the moving truck. The vibration of an engine was felt more than heard, the same with it driving on the road, an occasional pot hole is felt, but overall it was an uneventful and short ride.

The process was repeated in reverse, straps undone, box lowered to the ground, a dolly tilted Phil at an angle and he was being moved somewhere. *Hopefully this is the event space for tonight's party?*

Very muffled voices were barely heard, the crate was wheeled somewhere. The screw gun did its work in reverse and Phil in Carbonite was uncrated. He heard a voice yell clearly even through all the layers of fiberglass surrounding his head “Careful with that! It goes over there behind the bar!”

Suddenly the porno Phil had been halfway watching was replaced by an unknown face and voice.

“Hello there Phil, I am the party co-ordinator and yes Beverly told me all about you and your rather extreme tastes. My name is Becky.” She did something with her phone and smiled at Phil, “You’ll be happy to know you are in perfect health and the AI is learning all about you.”

Suddenly Becky frowned “Silly Beverly! Phil, your friend left the AI set to “edge” for the last hour or so. You must have the bluest balls in the world Phil.”

“Sadly I am under orders that our bondage toy is for the guests, or I’d push a couple of these buttons and you’d be gushing like a fountain in moments.” Becky looked apologetically into the camera. “That being said, I can at least give you a break for now.”

She must have pressed something because Phil no longer felt the stimulation from the suit that had been his constant companion for the last hour or more. He was still in very extreme bondage and his cock was wrapped tightly in fiberglass, but at least the suit wasn’t stimulating various parts of his body randomly, learning how to manipulate him.

“So Phil, let me show you your home for the night. We are going to have your delightful Carbonite Bed on the back wall behind the bar high enough everyone in the room can see you. Shine a few spotlights on you, and you see that big screen TV also behind the bar? That will be showing your physical stats in real time.” Becky panned her camera at the indicated places showing Phil.

“Also the AI brain has a game mode, allowing people to control its various functions and scoring them on how well they do.” Becky smiled a very wicked grin “What is the game you may ask? It’s called ‘edging Phil without giving him an orgasm as long as possible’.”

Becky aimed the camera at Phil’s carbonite bed as several workmen attached lifting straps to the corners and prepared to secure him to the wall behind the bar.

“I’ve got a million things to do Phil, we’ll talk later, enjoy yourself, you kinky bastard you.” Becky waved and shut off the camera feed.

Phil felt himself being lifted off the floor and swaying in mid air. Eventually the workmen got him onto some mounting brackets already in place on the wall and fastened the Carbonite Bed securely. Phil had no way of knowing it but the bed had an electrical cord that they plugged into an outlet. This recharged the batteries the bed and its electronics were currently running on, in addition the haptic suit could recharge like a cell phone just by being near a recharging pad near enough to the batteries. Of course Beverly had mounted one under the bed surface where the suits batteries would be.

The AI did not have any orders regarding the suit wearer any more, its last command of edging had been canceled. It defaulted to it’s basic programming, reaching out to the sensors all over the suit it determined the wearer was healthy but bored. It restarted its video feed showing pornographic materials while monitoring for biofeedback so it could adjust the content.

Phil was very happy when the lenses started showing content again, it wasn’t always to his tastes but mostly he was entertained by what he was being shown. It was certainly better than staring off into blackness. The AI meanwhile happily monitored Phil and kept throwing the occasional subliminal message into the feed, too fast for Phil to see with his conscious brain or barely whispered into his ears.

A few things did manage to get through the hard shell trapping Phil’s body. When they did a sound check on the speakers, he heard that almost clearly. Obviously the party space had a powerful speaker system.

Not long after that the camera feed was activated and Phil saw Becky and Beverly in the background. “Okay almost ready to open the doors to the party, Phil!” They both looked very pleased with themselves. “You’ll be happy to know that you are a not very well kept secret, people are begging to know who you are. We’ve paired your vital statistics to the big screen next to you, and you’ll notice we’ve added a horniness meter.”

Becky turned her phone to show Phil a big screen TV with what he assumed were his body stats, right next to the big screen was a shiny silver curtain covering the Carbonite Bed. Like for when you reveal a new car model.

“We’ve decided to make your reveal a show of sorts Phil.” Becky told him smiling, Beverly nodded her head in the background. “Once you are revealed and we explain your situation, as an extreme bondage object d’art. We will flash the website on the tv screen to download the app that allows people to play with your haptic suit. Of course it’ll be a random chance on who gets control and for how long, and we’ll randomize it even more by kicking people off and giving someone else a chance.”

“But the good news for you Phil.” Becky peered intently into the camera as if she could see him.”Is that we will be letting you out at midnight, just to prove you were in there. Some people might think the Carbonite Bed was empty and they were only playing a VR game, not playing with a real person in real time.”

“Doesn’t that sound exciting?” *Becky must have been a cheerleader in high school,* Phil thought to himself sarcastically.

Or at least he **thought** that he thought it to himself, apparently the AI noticed his sarcastic thought and gave him just the tiniest of shocks to his nipples.

Phil amended his thoughts “Very happy to be part of this plan!” The AI massaged his balls pleasantly.

The party was scheduled to open its doors at 7pm, so Phil knew he had approximately two more hours of the AI controlling him and manipulating his body to reinforce its goals. Phil had a layman's understanding of AI, but one thing he knew was they had built in biases, usually reflecting the programmers tastes and inclinations. He wondered what pool of information had been fed to an AI that was expected to take people on VR sexual escapades. The fact that someone had specifically hired his friend Beverly to make such an extreme piece of bondage art for the express purpose of testing their suit and the AI in a public venue, tended to imply a certain direction of kink that Phil would have worried about if he had any options at this point.

Phil sighed and idly wondered what the AI would make of that random sound.

#### Party at the palace

Not that Phil had any way of knowing but the doors opened just a little after 7pm, the early birds and casual gawkers filed into the cavernous space. Many were in Star Wars costumes of some kind, there was a battalion of Jedi, a company of Slave Leia’s, an army of Mandalorians, there were aliens in every color you could name. Stormtroopers were everywhere and at least a dozen Darth Vaders of various heights and shapes wandered about. On the main stage an animatronic Jabba held court while paid actors and dancers pretended to obey his orders. There was a ten foot tall Rancor statue in the middle of the room for pictures. There were events scheduled on the hour every hour till midnight. Phil snug in his Carbonite shell would have been surprised to find out he was both the 8pm and the midnight events.

Word of the new technology had leaked and the fact that it was going to be part of a big reveal tonight had also been leaked. So instead of hiding it, the VP in charge of this event and the haptic suit project had decided to go big.

At 8pm he was handed a microphone near the bar under the Carbonite Bed. The music faded out and people craned their heads around trying to find out what the next big reveal would be. A spotlight suddenly illuminated the sheet covering the Carbonite Bed and the Vice President's voice boomed out of the speaker system. Even Phil could hear him, muffled but clear enough to understand.

“Ladies and gentlemen, aliens of all kinds.” He paused for the expected chuckle and got one. “I am Steve Mussetter, Vice President in charge of hardware development and the host of tonight's party.” He paused again expecting applause and getting it. “I’d like to welcome all of you to A Night in Jabba’s Palace!” This time the applause thundered and he had to pause longer than expected. “I’d like to draw your attention to the wall above the bar, we have a really creative reveal of a new product for all you party people lucky enough to be here tonight.” There was more applause but tapering off quickly “So without further ado I gave you Han Solo frozen in carbonite!” he signaled off stage and someone pulled the rope to reveal the Carbonite Bed mounted on the wall with a bright spotlight illuminating it. As the crowd watched the drape fall off the object it seemed to pause in midair and twist itself around something before eventually falling to the floor slowly.

There was a moment of stunned silence as people took in the fact that this Han in carbonite was apparently naked and had a fully erect cock, even if it was covered up. People whispered to one another and one person called out loudly “Dude is packing!” The crowd laughed and applauded this comment.

The VP decided to power on with his reveal “Yes, well it is an adults only party. What you can’t see inside the Carbonite is our volunteer wearing our newest fully programmable and fully AI integrated haptic feedback suit.”

The VP pointed to the side at the large TV monitor mounted next to the bed. “What you can see on that monitor is the heart rate, blood pressure, brain waves, oxygen level and a variety of other metrics being fed from the suit through our controlling AI and displayed in real time. I think he must have been aware of the reveal as you can see his heart rate is up slightly from a minute ago.”

Someone called out from the audience “There’s someone inside the Carbonite, right now?”

“Yes, exactly right. By using this haptic suit we can control his physical environment, give him the adventures of a lifetime while he can’t move a muscle. All while being safely monitored through these readouts.” The VP answered the question he honestly had hoped someone would ask.

“Now we are going to flash a web link on the screen, it will let you download the control app by signing up for our email list. Since there are several hundred of you and only one volunteer, a random user will be chosen for a random amount of time to interact with our Carbonite volunteer.” The address was shown on the monitor for a good three minutes before the monitor reverted to the health screen.

The VP still had the microphone “Enjoy playing with our volunteer and interacting with the controlling AI, there will be another big reveal at midnight!” As the spotlight was turned off he waved and disappeared into the crowd of party people. Making his way back to a private conference room behind the scenes and out of the noise. Here he had access to piggyback off the AI feed that was being shown to Phil. As part of the test they were recording everything the AI did, how it adjusted to Phil’s responses, Phil’s various physical statistics, all the sensory inputs from the Suit and the AI responses.

This had been Steve’s pet project from day one, he’d conceived of the suit, the sensors, the biofeedback, the AI controlling everything. He’d even been instrumental in choosing what data to feed the AI. What very few people realized was that VP Steve was very kinky in his private life and a dominant who liked to control his partners. This event had been his idea, the party really a cover story to test out some of his personal desires. Originally he had proposed having a Slave Leia frozen in Carbonite. But someone had changed the script at the last minute and he was stuck with a “Han” frozen in Carbonite testing his prototype. He had even been setting up a secret program to use the AI to subliminally program his test Leia to crave bondage and obey commands from her owner, which he intended to be himself.

But while Steve was very kinky indeed, his tastes did not include men, so he had scrapped that part of the test program when they had substituted Han for Leia. He did notice that at some point the AI had been starting to insert subliminal messaging to the test subject and judging by his reaction to the video feed the AI had been shifting the content towards Han being submissive to dominant women.

Suddenly curious again, Steve wondered if he could still test out his theories about biofeedback, AI control over the test subjects audio and visual feed, and how that could be combined into creating a perfect slave. He called up subroutines that he had originally disabled and modified them on the fly. Find and replace all the pronouns from female to male, from Leia to Han for the slave programming. Then find and replace all mentions of male master to female master for the obedience programming. Steve checked his watch, it was only five minutes into the four hours of the AI controlling the test subject till midnight. This would be a perfect test of Steve’s slave training program.

Meanwhile Phil felt the bass and heard some of the louder musical moments while he waited. But then something new came up on the screen, it was a young lady dressed as Princess Leia and a group of her friends in the background “Can you hear me, in there?”

Phil’s heart raced slightly at this unexpected new face reaching out through the interface. “The app shows me that you are listening, kind of sad there’s no way for you to talk back. But I noticed your stats jumped a little when I logged on.”

“Now what can I play with?” she asked Phil rhetorically. “What’s this slider bar do?”

Phil knew but couldn’t tell her, as his cock was alternately squeezed then jolted by the haptic suits sleeve. It started off rough but after ten or twelve seconds it tapered off and an artificial voice commented. “At maximum settings, subject would have orgasmed before set time, AI override activated.”

The young lady pouted and without saying anything started playing with settings at random. Phil was randomly vibrated, jolted, massaged or zapped in private areas seemingly at random. The AI was determined to not let him cum, so anything pleasurable was tapered off almost immediately, while painful experiences were allowed through. Phil was a moaning wreck in minutes. Eventually a countdown appeared to Phil over the young lady's face and he heard her say “Oh no, only ten more seconds!”

Phil could only think, *thank goodness, only ten more seconds.*

But Phil’s relief was short lived as the AI apparently picked the next person to be put in charge of the app and Phil’s body at random with ruthless efficiency and no pause for him to recover.

“This is going to be fun!” said someone dressed as a sith lord of some kind. They immediately shoved all the app’s settings to max. It only hit Phil for about 5 seconds before the AI again interfered. But in that brief moment Phil’s body twitched, flinched and clenched helplessly in the fiberglass shell. The AI issued the same warning as previously, but this time the person in control said “AI, when is the time set to allow them to orgasm?”

“Timer is set to 11:58 PM tonight.” the AI answered.

“So until almost midnight, the person in the suit cannot cum?” the sith lord asked.

“That is correct, this test unit will not be allowed to orgasm until after 11:58 pm.” the AI confirmed.

The Sith lord laughed out loud “Sucks to be you dude!” he told Phil through the camera.

Then immediately turned the cock tingler to max, apparently in an effort to defeat the AI. But the AI knew Phil’s body and his stimulations, turning down the tingler and jolting his nipples at the same time, killing Phil’s response.

Apparently word of the time limit spread through the crowd and when people had command of the app they varied from trying to get Phil to cum immediately until the AI warned them to stop, to just using all the negative stimulus, zapping and jolting Phil’s body parts mercilessly.

This whiplashed Phil from one extreme to the other for several hours. An endless parade of random faces, some friendly, some cruel, paraded across the suit's built-in lenses. Phil had no way to tell how long each person had control and he soon lost track of how many people played with his helpless body.

In the background the AI continued to learn all about Phil, his body and its responses. Secretly flashing messages through the lenses and over the speakers in Phil’s ears, ones too subtle for his mind to note, but acting on a level underneath to manipulate him towards the AI’s programmed goal.

But of course all good things must come to an end.

#### Midnight Halloween

Phil was exhausted, his mind sleepy, he was roused from his stupor by a perky goth girl counting down loudly. He looked at the screens and didn’t see a timer, what was she counting for?

Perky goth girl said “3..2..1.. 11:58pm!”

Phil immediately felt his cock and balls getting squeezed and massaged at the maximum level the suit could provide. There were some mild jolts to his nipples, which while slightly distracting did add to the stimulation. After several hours of being played with, not to mention the suit's earlier efforts at keeping him edged during the entire prep, shipping and setup time, he was ripe to explode. He heard people cheering in the background. The AI showed a montage of men strapped to beds, tables and chairs being milked by women dressed in black leather or other dominant styles of costume. The AI finally showed a close up of a black leather gloved hand wrapped around a cock, pumping at the same rhythm that the suit was squeezing Phil’s cock. Phil felt the wave cresting over him, the floodgate opened and he shot his load explosively at the same time the video climaxed.

Through his mental haze, Phil distinctly heard applause and cheering coming through the camera the perky goth girl was holding. “Damn dude, two minutes flat and you exploded!”

Phil felt like he had to excuse the fast response, he’d been effectively edged for the last 7 or 8 hours. The big surprise was that a room full of people had applauded his orgasm. Talk about the ultimate in exhibitionism, they didn’t actually see him cum, but they knew the moment he did.

#### After Midnight

Phil was a panting, sweaty mess and more than ready to be released from the “Carbonite”.

He felt someone doing something to the shell around him, suddenly the camera app was activated again and he had a view of his Carbonite Bed being strapped to a lifting crane arm and being lifted and moved off the wall. It was lowered to the bar's surface where he saw his friend Beverly waiting with some sort of power tools, ready to release him apparently. There was a cordon of security guards keeping the crowd away from the bar.

He felt his body change direction till he was laying flat. Then he heard some sort of power tool sawing around the edges of the carbonite bed surface. Then the sound of prying and the creak of the fiberglass being lifted off him. He was suddenly very happy he was wearing the full body haptic suit with the hood hiding his identity. Slowly he levered himself upright, turned to the crowd and waved. A cheer and applause filled the room.

The VP had a microphone in his hand again, as a spotlight illuminated the bar and Phil sat upright.

“Well I think we can say that was a very successful test of the suit!” the VP announced, again the crowd rewarded him with applause.

“As participants in tonight's event, you will all be notified when the suits are on sale and ..” he paused “You’ll all receive 10% off the purchase price!” More applause filled the room as Phil used the distraction to crawl down off the bar top and behind the bar.

His friend Beverly had a hooded cloak waiting for him and Becky had a carnival mask to hide his face. They slipped out the door behind the bar, it was used to restock from the service halls. Phil pulled the mask over his face, over the suit, pulled the hood of the cloak up and followed Becky down the maze of service hallways till they reached a loading dock out behind the arena. A hired car was waiting for them and returned them to Beverly’s art studio. Phil fell asleep in the backseat and woke up when Beverly shook him awake.

“Wake up Phil, you can crash on my sofa tonight and drive home in the morning.” Beverly told him as they stumbled up the driveway to her studio.

Phil collapsed on her sofa and Beverly pulled a blanket up over his body. “Want help getting out of that suit Phil?”

“Too tired, do it in the morning, thank you Mistress.” Phil sleepily responded.

Beverly gave him an odd look, “Did Phil call me Mistress?” she thought to herself. She shrugged, he was obviously exhausted, she left him falling asleep on the large sofa and headed to her own bed.

Phil was falling asleep when the screens covering his eyes slowly activated and a soft voice whispered in his ears…
