---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/ettujennifer.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Et Tu, Jennifer?
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/f
- latex
- catsuit
- hood
- stockings
- boots
- cuffs
- gag
- caught
- tease
- torment
- bdsm
- crop
- nipple
- armbinder
- rope
- bond
- revenge
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2014-01-18 00:00:00
---

This can't be the right place, Jennifer thought as she parked
her car. She checked the piece of paper Robert had given her.
It didn't say anything about a do-it-yourself storage place,
but the address checked out.

It took Jennifer a while to figure out that Unit #S-11 was way
in the back. She moved quickly through the rows of single-story
sheds, the darkness only occasionally punctuated by dim naked
bulbs hanging randomly over the garage doors.

She didn't hear or see anyone else in the entire complex. This
is truly crazy, she told herself. But she couldn't deny the excitement
was close to unbearable. It had been more than a week since Jennifer
had enjoyed dinner with her best friend Karen's husband Robert.
After spending several hours hog-tied in his front closet, she
had written a list of her most secret bondage fantasies as she
had been instructed.

She didn't recall anything about a deserted industrial park on
the outskirts of town, but she didn't have much choice now. Here
we are... now, what's that combination for the lock? Jennifer
threw up the garage door and peered into the blackness within.
Gotta be a light switch somewhere... maybe by the door... aha!
Fluorescent tubes flickered and caught as Jennifer hurried to
pull down the door before anyone else could see what was waiting
inside.

A hanger holding a red rubber catsuit complete with attached
hood and a black latex teddy with matching stockings and shoulder
length opera gloves dangled down from a solitary chain suspended
in the middle of the ceiling. Underneath it was the oversized
briefcase lying between two metal loops screwed into the concrete
floor about three feet apart. Upon closer inspection, Jennifer
noticed the short chains padlocked to the rings, and the big
opened lock on the end of the ceiling chain. Otherwise, the room
was empty.

"Oh, my," she said out loud.

She put down her purse and walked over to inspect the slippery-looking
lingerie. 'Doesn't look like my size'. She felt a flush of titillation.
Good. She began peeling off her clothes. Once she was naked,
she opened the briefcase. On top were two sets of three-inch
wide cuffs made of polished black leather with gleaming silver
hardware and four padlocks... one for each of the double straps.
Underneath those was some kind of web-like contraption that Jennifer
deduced was a harness designed to cover the lower part of her
face with a single piece of rubber. 'Oh and here's the ball for
my mouth. Ewww'.

But all these devilish toys seemed positively benign compared
with the shoes she found at the bottom of the briefcase. "He
must be kidding," she said to the empty room as she inspected
the long, supple calfskin boots. The heels were at least seven
inches long. And the part for her foot looked like it was designed
for a ballerina from hell. At the very bottom was a bottle of
talcum powder. 'How thoughtful. The cunning little scumbag'. Jennifer
shivered as she took the catsuit, teddy and stockings off the
hanger and tried to figure out the best way to put them on.

After powdering herself, she sat down on the cold floor and put
on the catsuit, when the hood was finally in place she then began
rolling the stockings into a thick ring so she could unroll them
up her already rubber-encased legs. After several minutes of
exertion, she pulled them taut so their tops grazed the crease
where her legs met her pubic region. 'Hmmm, nice. Now the teddy...'
She stepped into the leg holes and began tugging it over her
hips, stomach and chest. She had to bend down to pull the straps
over her shoulders, and when she stood up straight, she felt
all the air being pushed out of her body.

'That's... kinda...
snug...' she thought as the latex dug deep between her legs and
squeezed tight against her torso. She became instantly aware
of the inch-wide gash in the crotch as her pussy was pushed through
the opening so her lips stuck out temptingly.

It took Jennifer a little longer to figure out why the rubber
was so constricting across her breasts. Two slits had been cut
into the latex, so she presumed she was supposed to pull her
tits out through them. This wasn't easy, nor was pulling on the
gloves. Jennifer arched a foot, slipped it into one of the shoes,
sighed, and began lacing it up. When she had them both on, she
stood up, and immediately started to tip over. 'Man, this is ridiculous',
she thought as she regained her balance and tried to take tiny
little steps around the room. 'It's like being trapped in a permanent
pirouette'.

'Time for the gag'. The rubber tasted awful in her mouth, and it
took her a while to figure out how the straps were supposed to
be arranged behind and over the top of her head. When she was
finished dressing herself, Jennifer felt a bit woozy from the
erotic flashes. She looked down at her breasts poking out from
the teddy like twin whales washed up on a blackened beach, and
wished she had a mirror. 'Oh, well. The cuffs would have to do.
OK, put them on... whoops, don't snap both padlocks... attach
to the chains... can't... quite... reach... there... shit.' Jennifer
stood splayed in the middle of the room and cursed her impatience.
Robert had never said what time he would be meeting her here.

And did he definitely say tonight?

She was only a little thankful that most of her weight was hanging
from her arms, because it made it a little easier to stand in
the ballet heels. 'But still... maybe if I just... Nope, definitely
not going anywhere soon. Where is he anyway? Damn damn damn... '

Time stopped for an eternity, then Jennifer broke the silence
with a yelp when she heard someone working the latch on the garage
door. She began shaking as it slowly rose noisily up its runners.
Then her heart jumped when she saw someone duck under the door.
It wasn't Robert.

"Well, hi!" said Karen, "How's it going? You look goooood."
Jesus!

"Surprised, Jennifer?" She smacked her riding
crop into the leather glove on her hand. "Me, too."
Jennifer's eyes were as round as Frisbees. There stood Karen
in leather breeches and thigh high riding boots with a red jacket
covering a white silk shirt knotted around her waist. She was
carrying a large suitcase that looked like a larger version of
the briefcase. "Robert's told me everything. We're like
that as a couple. No secrets. Especially a juicy one like this."
Karen strode behind Jennifer and gave her ass a hard pinch. "I
especially like the list, Jen. So creative. And perverted. I
never knew."

She walked back around and stood in front of Jennifer's suspended
body. "Man, I wish I had your tits." Karen reached
out and grabbed one of Jennifer's rubber-covered nipples between
her leather-clad thumb and forefinger.. "I guess I do tonight."
She tightened her grip and slowly pulled her breast toward her.
"Mmmm." Her other gloved hand jerked forward to slap
Jennifer's stretched flesh. "Yes indeed. A fine pair of
hooters."

Jennifer couldn't believe it. How could Robert tell her? The
crop became a blur as it smacked Jennifer's crotch. "I've
always wanted to try being the master, but Robert never lets
me." Smack, this time on her ass. "But this is almost
better." Smack, smack across her breasts. "Much better."
Smack smack smack smack. "Oh, I like it when you moan and
groan. Is that what I sound like? No wonder Robert likes it so
much."

By the time Karen put down her crop, most parts of Jennifer's
body were burning bright red under the catsuit. "Wanna see
something cool?" Karen reached into a side pocket on her
jacket and pulled out a huge plastic dildo in three sections
of increasing width so it looked a bit like a Christmas tree.
Reaching into the other side pocket, she pulled out a tube of
K-Y and began squirting the jelly along the sides of the monstrous
plug. "Don't be so bashful. After all..." Karen walked
behind her captive and pushed the tip into Jennifer's defenceless
hole. "You deserve it."

Jennifer could do nothing to stop the intruder from its fateful
journey deep into her resistant cavity. "There we go...
hold on... let me just stretch the rubber over the base... ah...
perfect."

'So big... so... full...' Jennifer's breathing turned into grunts.

Jennifer stared at her friend with horror as Karen picked up
her crop from the floor. Every strike made her ass contract into
a deeper agony, but she couldn't do much more than wince. "That's
enough for now." Jennifer hung limply from her bonds as
she watched Karen open the suitcase. First she pulled out a long
adjustable metal bar, then a shorter version with two wide cuffs
on the end. Next came a few coils of nylon rope. Finally, she
brought out a rubber arm binder that didn't look much wider than
one of the gloves she was already wearing.

"Hmmm, let's see... better start with the rope." Karen
went to work harnessing Jennifer's upper body in hemp. When she
was finished, she tied one end of a long line to the rope between
her breasts, then stood on the briefcase to thread it through
the metal ring in the ceiling. After some deliberation, she knotted
the other end to the rope between Jennifer's still-spread legs.
'What's with the slack?', Jennifer wondered. Karen reached up and
unlocked Jennifer's wrists from the chain. 'Can't... keep my balance
oh... '

Jennifer fell backward until the rope went tight, leaving her
suspended in a semi-sitting position. "Ouch." Karen
walked behind Jennifer and knelt down. "Give me your hands."
Jennifer hesitated for a moment, but she knew her fate was already
sealed. "Very good." The gloves were replaced with
the binder that fused Jennifer's elbows, as well as a large section
of her upper arms. "Wow. Now I know why I wouldn't let Robert
use one of those on me."

Jennifer closed her eyes and tried not to think about what her
weight on the rope between her legs was doing to the butt plug.
Karen adjusted the long spreader bar between Jennifer's ankles,
then secured it so the chains holding her feet to the floor were
taut. The shorter one went between her thighs. "Almost done,
girl." Jennifer felt something being attached to the end
of the binder, then her arms began stretching down, down, down...
"There," Karen said as she finished tying the end of
the rope to the long spreader bar. "That should keep you
for a while."

Jennifer hung her head back and yowled into her gag like an animal
caught in a trap. The tension of the rope pulling down on her
arms was beyond awful, but it was easily matched by the rope
around her breasts... between her legs... and the plug... "Oh,
I almost forgot... you wrote something about nipple clamps..."

Karen pulled out a pair of evil-looking pincers with metal tips
and thick springs. Long chains trailed off from the joints where
the handles crossed. "Try these."

'Oh... oh... OH...
OH...'

Karen stood on the suitcase again so she could push the
chains through the loop hanging down from the ceiling. 'Oops,
too short', Jennifer thought when she saw the ends hanging maybe
a foot over her suspended torso. Then Karen reached into her
jacket and pulled out two metal balls with small hooks sticking
out of them. "Found these in Robert's grandfather's basement.
Don't really know what they were for, but they sure are heavy."
She slipped the hooks around the last links of the chains, then
let the balls drop from her hand.

Jennifer thought her tits were going to tear off her body. "Ah.
Perfect." Karen stood back to admire her handiwork. "Oh,
stop whimpering. You asked for this. Hell, you wrote it down."
Jennifer barely heard her friend's admonitions. "I think
I'm going to let you think about this for a while. Oh, don't
worry. Robert should be here. Eventually. And once I'm sure you
two are having fun, I'm going to give David a call and invite
him over for some friendly foreplay. Who knows? Maybe we'll even
take a little drive out this way."

Jennifer groaned and tried to arch her back. "Something
about the punishment fitting the crime. But we can still be friends."
Karen pulled up the garage door. "Or something."

The fluorescent lights went dark. "And hey, nice shoes."

Karen's laughter was cut off by the creaking of the door's wheels
as they shot down their runners, then slammed shut.
