---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Always on Wednesday
authors:
- Peter Marlett
tags:
- MF
- latex
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-17 00:00:00
---

This story sent to me
by Rubbersheep, thank you for sending it in.
If you are the author of this story,
please let me know

"Rubber
doesn't grow on trees." She snapped the thin black elastic sheath against
her chest.

“Maybe
it did once, but now it's chemical magic. Smells like a petrol station in the
summer, but tastes like hot penis and pussy.”

He
didn't say anything. He was too occupied watching her dress.

"But
wearing rubber is like a dildo. As soon as I've got it on, I need you to get
it in." She looked at him as she pushed more talcum inside the top before
pulling the suit over her shoulders.

“I
must lose two pounds every time. And even now it looks like I lost three.”

He
didn't say anything. He was busy fingering into the gloves and shuffling
himself into the boots, noting the bulge out from the rubber. When he had
finished, she was standing before the mirror all sleek and shining, holding
the black riding boots. She stroked a hand over the shiny surface.

“Got
to say it. I've got a great figure still. The suit says so.”

He
pushed the cowl up over her hair.

“Well
I'll say so too." He rubbed his gloved hands in a slow caress down her
body.

“A
great figure. Just made for rump and pump.”

"That's
what you call it now? This morning, when you reminded me it was Wednesday, it
was 'rubber-booted fuck."

He
corrected her.

“That's
what you said in your note. Last week you couldn't accept clients as you had
the curse, and the previous two weeks the excuse was your father staying,
although I suspect the man you were entertaining was really another stud.”

“Bastard!
You're the only one I let fuck me in rubber. And as soon as I get these damned
boots on, your Mistress will show you she's been gagging for hot cock for
three weeks.”

"Oooh,
you're tight.”

"That's
it, that's the spot... mmmm.

“Like
that? Like that?"

"Oh
yes. Wonderful. Don 't stop.

"I
must move... the suit's creased up round my elbow."

"Don
't come out. Let me move back up the bed...”

"Another
position?”

"No,
not yet. I like this one. Just let me put this under me. That's better. Now
put it in me. Yes, in. Yes, yes. Ooh yes.”

Before
they began she always reminded him to lock the door. He always did, but he
always reassured her by clumping in his boots to the door and fiddling with
the key. It was also the chance to display his erection as he pulled it out
from the suit.

He
was very proud of his erection. Wearing rubber and high boots made him feel
extra-masculine and added at least another two inches. She always laughed when
he told her that; asked what his wife thought of it as what he had got was big
enough for her without any extra in the length.

"Let's
try... you ride me...”

"Oh,
darling, not another position, not this time. I can feel you ... it's right up
there. You're so hard. You're so hard today."

"Shall
I then?"

"While
I'm throbbing. Do it while I'm throbbing. I- I can feel it coming.

"Bend
your boots - your knees then.”

"Do-it-do-it-do-it.
Oooh Yes! YES. I'm contracting. Oh God that's so wonderful. Again. Oh yes,
that was a hot, strong one.”

Sometimes, when he didn't have to go back to
the store to lock up, they'd cover the rubber with macs and go for a drive.
There was a quiet place in the woods where they could park, and the seat
folded down. Or they could wander into the ferns, and she would fellate him
while he sniffed the delicious rubber smell from her cowl. If she were in a
playful mood after arousing him she would make him discharge his semen into
his boots, or hers, and laugh about how he would clean them afterwards. And
she would tell him how much she loved him. And he would respond by saying he
loved her even though she was a randy whore. And she would always say that the
best thing about him, apart from the exercises with the 15cms, was his
endearing compliments.

"Push,
darling, push your boots between my boots and push darling.”

"I’ll
go in slowly."

"No,
just fuck me hard, I'm coming again. Finish me. Then I'll let you go home. Oh
darling!"

It
was grey dusk when he pulled the car into the drive. The CD had been playing
Turandot, and he was still humming 'none shall sleep' as he turned the key in
the lock.

She
called from the kitchen and, after hanging up his jacket, he went in to see
what was for supper. He kissed her gently on the neck and agreed it had been a
good day. She carried on stirring.

“I
suppose you went to see her?"

He
nodded. Yes, he had been to see her. He always went on Wednesday afternoon. It
was the only time he could get away from the store; his one afternoon off.

"And
I suppose she wore the rubber suit and the boots?"

He
agreed. She had worn the rubber suit, the boots and the gloves, and he had
worn a suit and boots and gloves.

"And
was it as good as always?"

"Better,
if anything.”

"She
fucked out all the tension then?" Yes, she had fucked out all the
tension. She ladled out the vegetables onto the plates.

“You're
very fortunate having found yourself a rubber Mistress. What's her name?
You've never mentioned her name.”

He
thought about. They had never got round to names, far too busy getting sexed
up

"She's
a good screw then?"

"The
best."

She
put the steaming plate in front of him and opened a bottle of beer.

“You'll
be hungry and thirsty after two hours in all that rubber." She smiled.

“And
by the way, it's your turn to clean all the stuff from the bedroom.”
