---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/what_martin_knew.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: What Martin Knew
authors:
- Celeste
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- kidnap
- plaster
- n/c
- XX
date: 2003-07-22 00:00:00
---

What Martin Knew
by Celeste
What Martin Knew By Celeste
Martin was different. He knew that, he'd always known that, as far
back as Martin could remember, Martin had known he was different. Nobody
else seemed to share his fascinations, no one he knew at school taped "bits"
of TV shows like he did. A kidnap scene here, a bit of a medical drama
there, alone he'd sit moving the tape along frame by frame freezing a glimpse
of a straightjacket. Staring long and hard at the screen, as most teenage
boys do Martin discovered what turned him on in the privacy of his bedroom.
By the time he left school the internet had opened up a whole world of
bound helpless, if 2 dimensional females for Martin to lust after. His
experiments with those more solid females around him had been fun but lacked...
that certain something.

Known as the quiet type at university he never lacked for offers of
female company, clean, not bad on the eye and with that certain air of
mystery! Martin took up the occasional offer, but only ever as relief.

Dr Martin Bryce, how proud his mother was, granted she omitted the fact
his field was pathology but "A Dr in the family". Medicine was too hard
a temptation to resist, clamps, straps, bolts, buckles...oh yes....and
down here in the morgue no irritating chatter. Slowly and carefully Martin
began to collect, a piece of equipment here....extra stock ordered there,
bit by bit, piece by piece he smuggled home his hearts desires.

Having no friends to speak of he beavered away every spare hour, investing
every spare penny until it was complete, his lair his domain! The basement
walls glistened with pristine white tiles, chrome shone in the fluorescent
light, racks of equipment, the steel framed bed. The faint smell of leather
and rubber from the masks and straps that hung loose just waiting to work
their magic.

Martin could bide is time, she had to be right, not be missed. Several
times he thought he'd found the one but then a mother, a boyfriend would
make themself known and Martins hunt would begin again.

She was to good to be true, Martin almost felt it had to be a trap...
Oh so proud to be leaving, sold everything, off to explore the world. Martin
watched her swill champagne as her colleagues toasted her departure! She
staggered across the unlit car park the offer of a lift too much to resist,
standing was proving difficult let alone finding a cab at this hour. As
she slept in the passenger seat Martin changed the cars direction and they
silently headed out of town.

She was no weight in his arms; he ensured the drunken slumber continued
with ether, setting her down on the bed he began to work. So much easier
without a struggle!

He sat back in his chair and watched as she slowly came round confusion
turned to panic across her face screwing her eyes tight against the glaring
fluorescent lights. First the awareness of unmoving limbs then the horror
of a silenced scream. Her head thrashed wildly urgent muffled grunting,
tears streamed, finally collapsing sobbing her chest heaving.

"I really wouldn't bother," she jumped at the sound of Martins voice
her head spinning round trying to catch a glimpse of her tormentor. "You
see this is it, you’re not leaving, you’re not being rescued and other
than when I deposit your remains in the garden this is the last place you'll
ever know....that is of course if your actually dead when I bury you!"
Martin chuckled to himself.

The girl renewed her frantic struggles craning her neck she managed
to see what held her. Her arms doubled hand to shoulder were set in plaster,
in desperation she franticly tried to move her fingers, nothing. Her toes
the same legs folded foot to buttocks immovable in the unyielding plaster.
Leather straps held her naked torso to the bed, again she thrashed her
head trying to dislodge the tape across her mouth. "Do stop" Martins tone
was impassive why couldn't the girl just accept this was it, he sighed
and pulled another strap tight across her forehead. As soon as the gag
came off the girl was going to beg, plead. If she could talk him round.........but
the gag didn't come off.

Opening the sterile packs Martin greased the catheters with anaesthetic
gel, the girl renewed her muffled attempts to scream as inch by inch the
tubes slid inside her nose and down her throat all attempts to resist futile
as the gel took effect. Resigned to quiet sobbing the girl lay back, eyes
screwed shut as if she could halt the terror by not watching. A slit in
the tape gag, a third tube down into her stomach met with little resistance
other than stifled coughing.

"Now I think I have this right." Martin studied the aerosol in his hand,
"the foam expands to roughly twice the size." Startled the girl opened
her eyes wide as Martin widened the slit in the tape and pushed the slim
nozzle deep into her mouth. The can hissed as the goo slid down her throat
coughing, gagging, feeling as if she would drown. "Swallow if you like,
your airway’s protected it will just mean your throat will set too." This
idea rather amused Martin and he watched intently as the girls cheeks began
to bulge.

Her tongue frantically moved around her mouth, the thick foul tasting
mixture began to stiffen filling her mouth then with no further space to
fill began creeping down her throat gagging and choking the tape held the
mixture in. First her tongue held in place rigid in its solid block then
her throat, no matter how hard she tried no sound silenced...

Tears streamed down her bulging cheeks Martin removed the tape but the
now set foam filled her mouth so completely it little mattered. So engrossed
in her pity the first the girl knew of the additional plaster was as Martin
began smoothing it over her face, eyes wide and pleading her only means
of communication.

"Nearly forgot." said Martin cheerfully as the surgical tape closed
those last contacts with the world.

The plaster grew hot as it set, laying in helpless darkness the girl
could feel Martin work shaving all hair from her body, extending the plaster
down her neck, until all that was left was the naked quivering torso strapped
out on display. Lifting her head just enough to complete the casting Martin
stopped before covering her ears he bent and almost in a whisper.

"Well my dear just hearing left to go then I’ll make sure your waste
is taken care of, it will take quite some time but eventually your limbs
will wither as will your vocal chords. By the time I release you, you will
be no more than a toy... No doubt you will have completely lost your mind
but what the hell, of course you can always amuse yourself with the thought
that I could stop feeding or watering you at anytime... and of course a
box in the garden is always an option, of course how would you know? Spending
the remainder of your days in blind silent immobility... I suppose the
feeling earth falling onto your naked skin might give it away heavier and
heavier shovel by shovel." Martin laughed to himself as he pushed the plaster
deep into her ears.

Pure fantasy of course ! hope its not too bad for a first attempt
