---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/evil_eva10.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Evil Eva
authors:
- Ivy
tags:
- F+/f+
- bond
- chain
- susp
- whip
- gag
- punish
- rope
- enclosed
- buried
- slave
- nc
- XX
date: 2024-12-22 00:00:00
---

### Part 10

I followed behind her, trying to keep up as best I could and keep the chain slack. However, Eva seemed to delight in walking faster than I could manage with my chained ankles, eliciting squeals from me every time she pulled hard on the nipple chain. It was very painful, and I was glad when we reached dungeon number one, although I was dreading what was to come. As we entered, I saw Lara standing in the middle of the room on tip toes, her arms stretched high above her head and her wrist chain attached to a point on the ceiling. Gina stood next to her with a sadistic grin on her face.

“I have an amusing idea as to how we should punish them,” said Eva with a smile. “Fix this slave to the same point as the other one.”

Gina approached me and untied my hands from the waist belt, allowing me to bring my arms to the front again. The relief to my shoulders was immense and this was immediately countered by intense pain when she removed the nipple clamps. She then dragged me over towards Lara and chained me up to the same point so that like her, I was stretched up and on tip toes.

“Connect their waist belts,” Eva ordered.

Gina picked up a short piece of rope and proceeded to connect the loops on the front of each of our waist belts. Lara and I were held tightly together and, being approximately the same height, face to face. Our bodies were pulled together, and our breasts squashed into each other’s. If it hadn’t been for the strenuous position I was in, plus the fear of the punishment to come, I would have quite enjoyed it.

“Remove their gags,” Eva instructed. “I want to hear their reactions – oh and shut the door. Don’t want any screams filtering through to upstairs.”

Gina complied as Eva strode over to the side of the dungeon and selected two short leather whips from the rack. She passed one to Gina.

“Can’t I use my favourite whip?” Gina asked somewhat sulkily.

“No, that’s too harsh for these minor transgressions,” said Eva. “You can use that when a major punishment is required. You start with this slave”, she said, indicating to me. “I’ll take the other one. Let’s say ten strokes each and then we swap, ok?”

“Sounds like a plan,” Gina commented as she took up her position behind me.

Looking over Lara’s shoulder, I could see Eva working up for the first stroke and screwed my eyes shut in anticipation of what Gina was going to do to me.

With a simultaneous crack, the first blow hit each of us and we both squealed in pain. The force of each drove our bodies closer together but, before we could pull apart a little, the next one landed, then the next. The pain was intense and by the time the first ten were over, we were both screaming. Eva and Gina paused, and Eva came up to us both.

“Halfway there, slaves,” she said in a voice that sounded almost sympathetic. “You have to both learn that absolute obedience and total compliance with the rules are required at all times, otherwise this is what happens.”

She caressed each of our faces as we both sobbed and wiped away our tears with the back of her hand. It did cross my mind to bite her, but I dared not even think of the consequences.

“Next ten,” Eva said in a businesslike manner and the two of them swapped positions.

Once again, I closed my eyes as tight as I could, and the agony began again. The second ten were worse than the first as the blows were landing on already very tender flesh. I nearly fainted by the end, I was screaming so hard. Lara actually did faint, her head lolling backwards as the last stroke landed. I realised that she had been punished earlier when she was late to pick up my breakfast dishes, so the whipping must have been even worse for her.

“We’ll leave them to recover for half an hour,” said Eva. “Then Slave Lara can go back to her duties. Put Slave Emma in SP4 for an hour as the second punishment.”

I had no idea what that meant and I was so traumatized after what I’d just gone through that I could hardly think. Eva and Gina left the room, switching off the light. Lara and I hung there in the pitch black, me sobbing still and Lara murmuring as she started to come round. A few minutes later, we were both regaining some control of our faculties.

“Lara?” I whispered in her ear. “Are you ok?”

She took a moment to reply. “Yes, I’ll recover. It’s not the first time, and other punishments I’ve had have been worse.”

I shuddered to think how bad they might have been.

“How long have you been a slave here?” I asked.

“I don’t know exactly,” she replied. “I guess nearly a year now. I still dream of escaping, or being rescued, but I’ve come to terms with the fact that this is very unlikely to happen. I miss my family and friends, my old life, but there is no way out.” A tear rolled down her cheek.

We whispered together for a while. Originally a college student from Romania, she spoke excellent English. She had answered an advertisement online for some part time work to help fund her studies, been kidnapped and ended up here. I remembered hearing about a missing student on the news sometime last year.

Lara told me that she had hardly ever seen daylight in the time she had been here. She was allowed up to ground level only occasionally at night when other staff members had gone home; apparently there were cleaners, gardeners and a cook but she had never seen any of them. She thought that Gina was the only employee who ever came downstairs.

“Sometimes in the evenings,” Lara said, “Mistress invites some friends over who are into BDSM. On those occasions, I am brought upstairs, chained and gagged of course, and I serve them drinks and may receive punishment from them. Once I was tightly hogtied as a centerpiece on the dining table while they ate all round me.”

Once again, she started to cry. I kissed her gently and she stopped.

“We’re going to get out of here,” I told her. “There is always a way.” I explained about Alice and Jeannie and how they knew of this place. “They’ll work it out,” I told her.

Suddenly it occurred to me. “Lara, do you know what SP4 is?”

“It’s…” she started to reply but suddenly the door swung open, the light went on and Gina appeared.

“Back to the kitchen for you, slave.” she said to Lara as she undid the rope holding our belts together and freed our hands from overhead. “And put this on – tightly!” she barked, passing her the ballgag she’d been wearing earlier. Lara did so with a look of dull compliance.

“Go!” Gina ordered, slapping Lara on her very tender backside as she left and causing her to yelp. Gina laughed sadistically as Lara scampered out of the dungeon as fast as her chains would allow.

“But for you,” she said, turning to me, “you need to complete punishment number two. If it was up to me, I’d give you another twenty strokes, but I suppose I have to comply with what Eva wants. SP4 she said, for an hour. I suppose that’s quite challenging, but personally I much prefer whipping a slave. Open your mouth and hold out your hands!”

I did as ordered, and she rammed the ballgag back in and buckled it tightly. She then held both of my wrists and pushed them together. With a click, the cuffs connected leaving a loop of chain hanging down. I wondered what SP4 was and as I was worrying, Gina explained with a sadistic glint in her eyes.

“SP4, I suppose you don’t even know what it means, do you slave?” she said rhetorically. “It stands for stress position 4 and believe me it becomes excruciating after a very short time. We’ll see how you cope. Sit down!” She pointed to the hard stone floor.

I sat down very gingerly, the pain of my weight on my extremely tender backside was awful. Gina opened a cupboard at the side of the room and produced a wooden pole. It was about four feet long and had some notches cut in on one side. She proceeded to tie the pole tightly to the underside of my knees, running the rope through the notches to ensure there was no slippage. My knees were bound about eighteen inches apart.

“Pass your arms under the pole between your knees and then bend your arms back towards your chin,” she ordered me. I did as instructed.

Taking a short length of chain, she passed it between my wrists, through the loop on my collar, and pulled it tight before securing it with a padlock. I was bent double, the insides of my elbows and the backs of my knees under great pressure from the pole. My back was already beginning to ache and, as I moved around to try to get some relief, my buttocks hurt even more. Gina stood and watched me squirm with a look of amusement.

“Welcome to SP4, slave,” she said grinning. “You’ll be screaming through that ballgag soon but, don’t worry, no one will hear you. Only an hour to go, it will seem like days!” With that, she turned on her heel and left, leaving me in the pitch black once again.

After only a few minutes, I found myself breathing in short gasps. The waist belt was horribly tight, thanks to Eva, and now that I was bent double, it was even tighter. I managed to turn on to my side which meant that my weight was supported on one hip and on the end of the pole. Whilst slightly unstable, this did alleviate the pain from sitting. However, it did nothing to help my breathing, nor the ever-increasing pain in my back, elbows and knees. The ballgag was starting to make my jaw ache and I was wondering if I would be able to even survive an hour of this agony. I closed my eyes, forced my mind to go elsewhere and concentrated on breathing as deeply as I could. Somehow time passed and either I passed out or my body adapted to the position. I found the discomfort reached a plateau which I was just about able to cope with. Nevertheless, it was an incredible relief when eventually the door opened, the light went on and Eva appeared. At the sight of her, I started sobbing, tears running down my face. She stood and looked at me.

“Tough position, slave.” she commented. “Just follow the rules properly and you can avoid this sort of treatment.” She leant over me, produced a key, and unlocked the padlock joining my wrists to the collar. I stretched out slowly, trying to treat my back gently, eventually lying flat on the floor. The relief was immense, and for some reason that made me cry even more.

“Sit up,” Eva commanded. I did so and she removed my gag. “What do you say to me, slave?”

“Thank you, Mistress, and I’m truly sorry,” I said through my sobs, whilst hating myself for my contrition.

“Ok, slave,” Eva replied, “I think you have learned your lesson. Stop crying.” She untied the ropes, removed the pole and ordered me to stand up. With an effort I did so, realizing at the same time that the backs of my knees and the insides of my elbows were quite bruised. I stood in front of her wobbling as she attached a lead to my collar and led me out of the dungeon back to my cell. She left me there after first re-attaching the ankle chain and then unlocking and re-locking my wrist cuffs together behind my back.

“Rest and recover, slave,” she told me. “I have some plans for you later today.” With that, she swept out of the room. I collapsed on to the bed and despite having my hands cuffed behind my back, fell asleep almost instantly.

A polite knock on the door woke me at 1.30 and I realized I had been asleep for over an hour. Lara entered and placed a tray on the table containing a plate of ham salad sandwiches and a glass of orange juice with a straw. As usual, she was chained and gagged, and I saw that she was walking with a slight limp as a result of her punishment earlier. I smiled at her and said thankyou. As she turned and left, I was shocked at the weals and bruises on her buttocks and upper legs. I looked at mine in the bathroom mirror; they were bad but not as bad as Lara’s. I counted myself lucky.

I surveyed the sandwiches and juice, and wondered how I would eat the sandwiches with my wrists held tightly together behind my back. I considered leaving them, but felt that might result in a punishment, besides which I was quite hungry. In the end, I knelt down, leant over and ate them off the plate as best as I could. It was demeaning and I was sure Eva and Gina were watching my performance.

I lay back down on the bed and thought about my position. Surely by now someone must have thought to look for me here. I had been Eva’s prisoner for over twenty-four hours and, as far as I was aware, no one had approached the house. I consoled myself with the thought that it was only a matter of time and, even if Eva and Gina hid me away somehow, my DNA would be all over my apartment. Feeling tired again, I fell asleep.

I woke up with a start, to a loud alarm. It sounded like a fire alarm and, as I was chained to the floor and locked in, I instantly became very worried. A few seconds later, Gina rushed in holding the electric prod.

“Is that fire?” I shouted above the noise.

“No,” she yelled back. “Now shut up or I’ll shock you – multiple times!”

She proceeded to roll back the rug on the floor, revealing what looked like an oblong trapdoor. As she pulled it open, I saw that it covered a narrow, padded pit roughly six feet long with a strange object hanging from a tube near one end. I noticed the trapdoor had approximately two feet of padding on the underside. She released my ankle chain.

“Get in,” she ordered, “or I’ll shock you until you do. Head up this end.” She pointed to the end where the object was hanging and waved the prod near my breasts. I did as I was told. The pit was quite deep, and I sunk into the padding.

“Now sit up.” I did so and she reached for the hanging object. “This is your lifeline, slave. Without it you’d die in here, not that anyone would ever find you,” she added nastily. “Open your mouth and bite on the bar.” She pushed the protruding part of what I now realized was an air supply line into my mouth and I bit down. A couple of straps went round the back of my head and were buckled in place. I found I could breathe through my mouth. Gina shoved my head down, so I was lying flat on my back.

The padding was all around me and when she forced down the lid and secured it in place, the front of my body and face were squashed into it. It was extremely claustrophobic and almost immediately I began to get hot. I made the mistake of breathing through my nose a couple of times which made me panic as I could hardly get any air. With a great effort, I forced myself to calm down and convinced myself I wasn’t going to die in here. It was completely dark and I couldn’t hear a sound apart from my own breathing. All I could do, I rationalized, was cope with my predicament and hope I wouldn’t be in here for long. I guessed they had hidden me away for a good reason like, perhaps, the police had arrived. I hung on to that thought and tried to concentrate on my breathing and get into a meditative state.

I have absolutely no idea as to how long I was trapped in the pit. Eventually, the lid was pulled off and I blinked in the light. Eva was looking down at me with a smile on her beautiful face.

“Come on, slave Emma, you can get out now,” she said.

With a lot of difficulty, I wriggled my sweaty body out of the tight padding and finally managed to climb out of the pit. She told me to sit on the bed while she replaced the trapdoor and rug. She then re-attached the ankle chain and removed the collar, waist belt and ankle and wrist cuffs.

“Thank you, Mistress,” I said and bowed my head submissively.

“You’re welcome darling,” said Eva and kissed me on the forehead. I realized that sadistic Eva was taking a rest for a while.

“It’s been a dramatic first day for you,” she commented, caressing my left breast. “Not every day will be like that. Hopefully you understand the need to obey the rules to the letter and won’t earn many more punishments. And it will be very rare that you are confined to the pit, as you have been for the last two hours. We had some very nosy visitors.”

“I looked up at her.”

“Yes, darling, the police were here, making what they called routine inquiries. But now that I have a totally new identity and have altered my appearance, the only tenuous link to your disappearance is the fact that this was once Madam Gillespie’s place. I told them how shocked I was when I heard what had gone on here before. They met Gina and the gardeners, the cook and cleaners and that seemed to keep them happy. They didn’t even ask to look downstairs. So, you see darling, no one is ever going to come for you. You’re mine forever. Take a shower and relax. I’ll come for you after dinner.”

She left, and with a heavy heart, I headed to the bathroom.
