---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Babe Bomb 2
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- MM
- military
- device
- virus
- dna
- modify
- transform
- M2f
- breasts
- bimbo
- F+/m+ nympho
- sex
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2014-11-15 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Babe Bomb**](babebomb.html))

**Part Two**

"Doctor, we have a problem."

James Watson gazed around the now familiar office. The last time he'd been here, one of his inventions had been misused. Now, turning his attention to the man behind the desk, he frowned.

"What have you done now?"

Major George Franklin returned the frown. As head of a top secret special projects division, he'd borne the blame for the earlier fiasco. It had taken months for the waves from that one to die down, and Franklin had been lucky to keep his rank. Now, leaning back in his chair, he gazed at Watson thoughtfully, as if choosing his words very carefully.

"It's your newest development," he said finally. "It's missing."

Watson's eyes widened. "What do you mean, missing?"

"The device," Franklin replied, "was loaded on a transport plane to be delivered to a special testing facility, but when the plane arrived, the device wasn't aboard. A member of the crew is also reported as missing."

"Stolen?" Watson shook his head. "Major, this is very bad."

Franklin shrugged. "What's the worst that can happen? A few dozen more copies of Sabrina Starling? Those things have made her a fortune."

Watson nodded. Before the event the press dubbed "The Babe Bomb," Sabrina Starling had been among the hottest bondage models around. Now, with over thirty copies of herself, she was everywhere. Business, politics, religion. There was even a Sabrina Starling tag team on the professional wrestling circuit. Not to mention the fact that Watson now had his very own Sabrina Starling waiting at home, a gift from a very grateful actress.

"Ok, so maybe there'll be more of her now," Franklin went on. "After what's already happened, I have a hard time worrying about that."

Watson shook his head. "It's not that simple. The new device doesn't create copies of her. It does something far worse."

Franklin frowned. "What do you mean, worse?"

"The first device," Watson explained, "changed people into copies of Miss Starling by changing their DNA to match hers. Since then, I've refined the process.

"Human DNA includes special chromosomes that determine gender. If your chromosomes are XX, you're female. If they're XY, you're male."

Franklin nodded. "I'm familiar with basic genetics, doctor."

"Ok, well this device replaces Y with X. Which means that, instead of turning someone into a copy of someone else, it changes males into female versions of themselves." Watson shook his head. "Actually, that's not accurate. I've made a few modifications to the design. The virus turns men into enhanced female versions. No matter what they looked like as men, they'll all be beautiful, perfectly proportioned women."

Franklin shrugged. "So we'll have a few more women running around. I fail to see the problem."

"The problem," Watson explained, "is twofold. First, my experiments have shown an unexpected side effect to the virus. It creates an insatiable appetite for sex. Second, the virus is still unstable. Which means anyone an infected subject has sex with will also become infected."

Franklin's eyes widened. "So you're saying....."

"I'm saying," Watson broke in, "that if this device is used, any man in its radius will become a beautiful, horny woman who will have sex with anyone available. Any man she has sex with will become, in turn, a beautiful, horny woman. And any woman she has sex with will become an enhanced version of herself, also beautiful and horny. If this gets out into the general public...."

Watson broke off as Franklin made a grab for his phone. The Major quickly dialed a number.

"This is Major George Franklin. I want every inch of that plane's route quarantined. Two miles either side of the line of flight. I also want search parties in full hazmat gear assembled and ready to move. I will personally brief them. No, I don't want the Pentagon informed. We'll deal with this ourselves. Now get on it, we don't have a lot of time." Slamming the phone down, Franklin rose.

"We have to contain this," he said, moving to stare at a map on one wall. "Fortunately, the plane's route was almost entirely over sparsely populated areas. Which means that, in any given area, only a few would be affected if the device were activated."

"And those few," Watson replied, "would be driven to have sex with anyone they could find. Man, woman, it wouldn't matter. And every time one of them has sex, their numbers will grow. If the device was activated, and if you can't contain it, the whole country could wind up infected."

"The whole...?" Moving quickly, Franklin turned toward the door. "Come on, doctor," he said over his shoulder. "We've got work to do."

"This just in. According to the latest reports, nearly the entire adult population of the United States has been infected with the strange virus that had appeared only two months ago. New cases have also been reported in both Canada and Mexico. Sources report that a special session of the United Nations has been convened to vote on a measure to quarantine the entire North American continent.

"In a related report, we have received news that the nations of Guatamala and Belize have closed their borders, turning back anyone attempting to leave Mexico. Other Central and South American nations are reported to be sending troops to help enforce this blockade in an attempt to prevent the virus from spreading.

"In other news..."

"Turn it off."

"Yes, Madam President."

The President glanced at the women surrounding her. "We're being cut off from the rest of the world," she said, her voice tense. "Which means we'll have to deal with our problem on our own. Ladies, we need men."

"Absolutely," one of the women replied, smiling. At this, the President frowned.

"Not like that," she said. "We need them held in secure locations where we can milk them of their sperm. Otherwise, our generation will be the first and last. Put chastity belts on some of our troops and have them round up any remaining men. We'll use them to create another generation."

"And our children," another woman added, "will be just like us."

"Exactly. Which means we'll need a way to replace men as they wear out. Which means access to the other continents, which we can't have if we're quarantined. Ladies, I think it's time we went to war."

And so it went. Small groups of infected women were infiltrated into countries around the globe. Using sex instead of bullets, they engulfed one nation after another, infecting some men, rounding up others to serve as sperm donors. In the end, the entire globe was infected.

Seven years after the Conquest, Dr. Jennifer Watson, the creator of the original device, perfected a new virus that could transform women into men. Used on criminals, it ensured a steady supply of sperm, ensuring the survival of the new, female, human race.

"You're right." Leaning back in his chair, Major George Franklin smiled. "That was one hell of a dream."

"More of a nightmare," Dr. James Watson replied, shaking his head. "I've already stopped testing on the new virus. Now all we need to do is destroy the device I'd already built, and we'll have eliminated the risk."

"Well," Franklin replied slowly, "as to the device." He paused, looking distinctly uncomfortable. "Doctor," he finally said, "we have a problem..."
