---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiessz/scanned_shipped_printed3.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Scanned, Shipped, Printed
authors:
- Baron Law
tags:
- F+/m
- enclosed
- sarcophagus
- buttplug
- gag
- enema
- electro
- milk
- remote
- mast
- climax
- tease
- public
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-04-26 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

#### Unlimited Prototypes

Paula continued “Well I wrote up our preliminary results from this weekend's experiments. Management was so impressed they have greenlighted additional funds. Do you know what that means?”

Phil groaned. Maggie laughed.

“That’s right, we’ll be able to make and test as many prototypes as we want!” Paula concluded.

Maggie happily replied “That’s wonderful news Paula, we’ll get together real soon to start work on the next model.”

Paula cautioned Maggie “We do need to be a bit more scientific though.”

Phil spoke up “What does that mean exactly?”

“I need to interview the participants in the original tests and record the results.” Paula added “Also they want more quantifiable data than just personal experiences.”

Maggie asked “Quantifiable data?”

“You know, heart rate, respiration, brain activity, that kind of thing.” Paula explained.

“So we’ll be wiring Phil up to collect data once he’s inside?” Maggie questioned

“Exactly” Paula commented “I can build the sensor pads into the container, so that when it is closed they are in contact with the proper parts of Phil’s body.”

“The container?” Phil said with an odd emphasis on the word “Sounds like a piece of tupperware.”

“Let’s meet up in a few days while the experience is still fresh in your mind Phil and I’ll get your responses written down.” Paula sounded excited.

“We can all meet for dinner tomorrow night?” Maggie suggested.

“Sounds good to me, but right now I’m exhausted and need to get home and a real bed for the next 12 hours.” Phil did sound exhausted.

Maggie nodded at Phil, and said to Paula. “We can meet at that pizza place we like, tomorrow night at 7.”

Paula replied “Sounds good, see you then!”

Maggie hung up the phone and guided Phil outside to his car. “You okay to drive home or do you want me to take you?”

“I need to go into the office tomorrow so I’ll need my car in the morning, I think I’m okay.” Phil said as he climbed into his car.

“Send me a text when you get home safely” Maggie requested.

Phil waved as he started the car “Will do. Also thanks for the most mind blowing weekend of my life Maggie.”

“Just wait till next time.” Maggie smiled at Phil.

#### The next night at dinner

The friends ate a hearty dinner and then Paula pulled out a clipboard with several pages of questions on it. Luckily it was a slow night and none of the adjoining tables had customers.

“Most of these are for Phil,” she explained “But if you have comments, Maggie, I’d love to add your observations too.”

Phil leaned back and sipped on a diet soda and told her “Fire away.”

Paula smiled and started asking questions, many were highly personal in nature. All revolved around Phil’s experiences the previous holiday weekend. Maggie occasionally interjected some of her own observations and perspectives, but was mostly content to listen to Phil’s answers.

There were 50 questions and as Phil answered the last one Paula said “You’ve been very candid, thank you.”

“It was the most intense, the most incredible experience of my life so far,” Phil replied, “Answering your questions is the least I can do to pay you back for such an amazing event.”

“Well said Phil and a toast to the next experience.” Maggie raised her glass “May it be even more amazing then the last one.”

Phil, Paula and Maggie clinked together their plastic tumblers full of soda.

Paula commented “Now that we have official permission and funding for development. I think I can guarantee the next prototype will be the most amazing experience you’ll ever have Phil. Especially after we analyze your answers to the questions.”

Maggie asked Paula “When do you think we’ll be ready for additional testing?”

Paula paused thinking, then said “I might need Phil to swing by the lab for some additional scans and test fittings. But I’ll probably have something ready by next month for a more in-depth test weekend.”

“Let’s keep in touch.” Maggie told Paula “I have some ideas too.”

Paula hastened to reassure her friend “Absolutely, this was your original idea, I want your input.”

“What about my input?” Phil asked, feeling a little left out.

“Even an initial analysis of these answers indicates that being surprised is a giant turn on for you Phil.” Paula smiled as she replied to his question.

Maggie added “You were hard as a rock after I surprised you with the mark 1 sarcophagus.”

Phil grinned and blushed “Okay, okay, I do like to be surprised. I’ll stop asking questions.”

“Do you trust us?” Maggie asked him.

“Of course.” Phil stated emphatically “I don’t let just anyone seal me into an inescapable sarcophagus for an entire weekend.”

“Well, not the entire weekend” Paula corrected “But certainly large parts of it.”

Maggie nodded and told Phil “If you trust us, then trust that we will do our best to make your next time inside even more epic then the first time.”

Phil smiled at Maggie and Paula “Just tell me where and when to be there.”

“That’s the right attitude” Maggie smiled at Phil and gave Paula a wink.

Paula nodded back at Maggie, little did Phil know plans were already in motion for him.

#### The hook is set.

Two weeks later Maggie called Phil on the phone. “Hey, Paula needs you this Friday night after work for a test fitting. Are you available?”

“Sure thing, I’m excited to see what she has come up with so far.” Phil told her.

“Me too!” Maggie said cheerfully “And maybe after, if you have the weekend free, we can play a little?”

“I’ll make sure to clear my calendar.” Phil told her.

Maggie suggested “How about I drive us both over there? Then we can just go from there if we want.”

“Love it.” Phil replied “Pick me up after work, say 6pm. We’ll do Paula’s thing then go grab dinner.”

#### Friday night is for fish.

Maggie swung by Phil’s apartment at the appointed time. He had shut down his office, went home, showered, and changed into casual clothing for their date.

“All set to help Paula?” Maggie asked as they started towards the Fantastic Plastics Factory.

“Absolutely, looking forward to helping her design the newest version.” Phil happily replied.

Maggie smiled at Phil’s enthusiastic reply. “I’m sure she’s got all kinds of ideas.” she commented.

Phil chuckled, “I’d be more surprised if she didn’t have new ideas.”

Maggie nodded and smiled to herself, Paula had been in constant contact with Maggie discussing all the new things she was incorporating into the Mark 4 sarcophagus. Phil was in for quite a few surprises.

Maggie drove quietly for a while before asking Phil “Did you manage to clear your weekend for me?”

Phil nodded yes “I’m all yours till Sunday night or Monday morning. Nothing on my schedule really till Tuesday.”

Maggie pulled into the Fantastic Plastic parking lot and replied “Wonderful. I think you’ll really enjoy this weekend, I have a couple of surprises for you. “

#### Reel him in.

Paula was waiting in the lobby looking out the glass doors, when she saw Phil and Maggie approaching she opened the doors.

“Most people have gone home already and the doors lock automatically at 5pm.” Paula explained as she led them back to her lab.

Maggie and Paula walked ahead of Phil and ushered him into Paula’s printing lab.

Paula could wait no longer “Talk a look in the print area Phil!” she said excitedly.

Phil went up to the familiar glass enclosed 3-D printing area to look. Inside was a golden sarcophagus, sparkling under the fluorescent lighting. It appeared to be floating on a glossy black mirror, which only served to contrast the gold even more.

“It’s amazing!” Phil said quietly.

Paula had slipped up next to Phil and looked at her latest creation. “Isn’t it beautiful?”

“It’s so shiny and golden.” Phil remarked in awe. “Is that the super plastic?”

“It’s the latest version of the metal plastic hybrid, yes.” Paula confirmed.

Phil stared quietly for several minutes “It almost looks familiar, but different from the first models.”

Paula agreed “It’s very closely modeled after the golden sarcophaguses of King Tut’s tomb.”

“Stunning.” Maggie joined them at the glass looking at the gold sarcophagus. “But it’s more than pretty, it’s functional Phil.”

“Yes” Phil pulled himself away from the glass “Of course. You need me to test a few things?”

Paula glanced at Maggie before replying to Phil “Yes, a test fitting.”

Maggie smiled, “Time to strip Phil.”

Phil sighed dramatically, but immediately started undressing and piling his clothes on the sofa in the lab.

Maggie squeezed Paula’s hand, and Paula gave out a tiny squeal of delight. It was all going according to their plans.

#### The fish is caught

Phil had a moment of deja vu standing naked in Paula’s lab.

“Okay open it up.” he told Paula.

Paula entered the print area and after consulting her phone, pushed, prodded, slid, and toggled various parts of the lid, until two handles popped out of the side of the lid. Maggie helped Paula to lift the new much heavier lid.

Phil looked inside the golden sarcophagus and counted the locking pegs that would seal the lid shut.

“Back to 18 locking pegs?” Phil asked.

“Yes,” Paula confirmed “I thought with the uncuttable and nearly unbreakable nature of the metal plastic 18 was plenty.”

Phil looked more closely at the body shaped opening inside the lid and base, noticing many small silver dots lining the inside. He ran his hand over the surface and couldn’t notice any difference where the silver dots were, obviously a serious effort to mount them flush had been made. They were up and down the arms and legs covering the both sides of the torso and the skull and face.

Phil looked questionably at Paula “What are all these?”

Paula smiled “Remember I said we needed to add sensors to monitor your condition.” she explained.

Phil nodded his head. “I do love the gold and silver contrast, very pretty.”

Maggie was running her hands over the surface too. “Very smooth.”

“Ready to test it out?” Paula asked Phil.

“I see you’ve already installed the accessories.” Phil pointed to the butt plug, the gag and the cock sleeve. “Got some lube handy?”

Paula pulled a tube out of her back pocket “Been warming it up for you in my pocket.” she told Phil.

“Thank you.” Phil squirted some into his hand and ran it over the plug and in between his cheeks.

He hopped up onto the golden surface and gently lowered himself onto the device, settling his torso into the proper depression, his arms and legs followed. It was the same perfect fit he remembered from the first adventure.

Phil looked up at his two friends and asked “So just like that first one, close the lid, count to ten and then open it to check on me?”

“Of course,” Maggie assured him.

Paula confirmed “Will do.”

Phil waited patiently as the two women carefully shut the much heavier lid of the golden sarcophagus. His cock was so hard and upright it slipped into the sleeve without assistance. The bite gag was just outside his mouth when he noticed the tablet was not on.

“Hey Paula, the tablet is not on.” Phil called out.

Paula, struggling to close the lid slowly, told Phil “I can turn it on and off remotely.”

“Good to know, I’m ready, close it up.” Phil told them as he opened his mouth wide for the gag.

Maggie and Paula lowered it as slowly as they could but it was with great relief they finally let it close completely.

Paula stretched her shoulders then commented “Should have used the winch.” She pointed above the sarcophagus. “I had them install an electric winch in here to aid in moving large items.”

“Smart,” Maggie said, “Should we open it up now?”

Paula reached for a dangling control pad hanging off to the side, she pressed a button and a hook on a steel cable lowered down to Maggie. Maggie hooked it under one of the handles sticking out of the lid. Paula pressed the up button and the winch whined as it lifted the lid slowly up.

Phil’s face was soon revealed with the lid approximately halfway open. Paula stopped the winch and asked Phil “How was that, everything fit properly?”

Phil smiled up at them. “Just like I remembered, a perfect fit.”

Maggie leaned over and with a wicked smile asked him “Ready for a longer test drive?”

“Let’s see what this baby can do.” Phil answered cheerfully.

Maggie leaned back out, and Paula pressed the down button on the winch. The lid slowly sank ever closer to Phil. Maggie was squatting alongside watching to make sure Phil’s cock went where it should and the gag into his open mouth.

Paula asked her. “On Target?”

“Keep going.” Maggie told her.

A few moments later the lid sealed shut against the base and the hook and cable from the winch went slack.

Paula moved it out of the way and reeled the cable back in. She consulted her phone and activated Phil’s tablet and the app that let her send sounds to Phil’s earphones.

“Time to lock this inescapable, uncuttable, super strong sarcophagus Phil.” Paula spoke clearly, knowing how that choice of words would affect him.

Maggie had her own phone open and was activating some toys to torment Phil with. First she set the cock sleeve to pulse slowly up and down his shaft, but then she activated one of the newer features, it would randomly give Phil’s cock head a mild shock. In addition to the new and improved cock sleeve the enema plug Phil was used to in the first models had been upgraded, this one still did enemas but it also had an inflator and vibrator feature. Maggie had it inflated to twice its normal size and also set it to vibrate at a low level.

#### Inside the fish tank

Phil felt the lid close for the second time, the bite gag filled his mouth, the cock sleeve pleasantly wrapped around his shaft, the enema plug in his ass barely noticeable.

Then the screen in front of his eyes activated and he heard his earphones turn on.

“Time to lock this inescapable, uncuttable, super strong sarcophagus Phil.” Paula spoke clearly.

Phil felt his cock surge at her words, he watched the screen and saw Maggie doing something with her phone. He felt the cock sleeve activate and slowly pulse up and down his shaft. It was very stimulating and arousing.

But soon after he felt the plug in his ass expanding it went from barely noticeable to “that’s not coming out any time soon”. In addition it had some sort of low level vibration built in and Phil was definitely not able to ignore it any more.

Just as he was getting used to being plugged, vibrated in the ass, and his cock caressed, something zapped his penis head painfully. Phil’s body attempted to jump in reaction, but of course the plastic prison held him immovable. He grunted in pain around the gag filling his mouth.

“There have definitely been some improvements” he thought to himself as he watched the screen in front of his eyes.

 Paula had placed her phone on the lid of Phil’s prison and was activating the locks. Phil counted as one by one the locks clicked into place. 18 times he heard a lock click, knowing each one was sealing him inside. Paula finished up and waved at the camera, then gave Phil a thumbs up sign.

Paula leaned over the phone and said to Maggie. “Ready for the real fun?”

Maggie looked up at the camera in the ceiling. “I’m ready, are you ready Phil?”

They both left the printer area, Paula made sure to take her phone and leave it on for Phil to listen to them talk.

Maggie kept up a running commentary for Phil.

“Paula is approaching the control panel ready to activate Phase Two of the design.”

Just then one of the apparently random shocks hit Phil in his cock and he grunted around the gag missing part of what was said next.

“...and that’s a go!” Maggie finished the rest of the sentence Phil missed.

“What was a go? What was Phase two?” Phil’s thoughts raced around.

Movement on the tablet screen caught his eye, it looked like the print nozzles were doing their start up sequence.

“Were they going to print more shells over his sarcophagus like they had done before?” Phil could only wait and watch.

The tablet screen stayed on, but the earphones went silent. Phil watched the print nozzles race around printing something on the very edge of the platform all around his golden sarcophagus.

#### Collecting Data

Paula activated a new laptop off to the side of the computers controlling the 3-D printer. She activated a program and the outline of a human appeared on one side and a bunch of graphs on the right side.

Maggie asked her “What’s this showing?”

“This is the live data and most recent history from the various sensors scattered around the inside of Phil’s sarcophagus” Paula told her, then pointed to various things. “Here’s his heart rate from when I was locking the lid shut. Notice the spikes when each one clicked home. 18 locks, 18 spikes.”

“What’s that big one slightly after all those little ones? Maggie pointed.

“According to the monitors built into the new cock sleeve, that is when we randomly zapped the head of his penis.” Paula looked pleased. “With all the sensors and the new and improved toys that can report all their data to this one source, we can control Phil’s body like a puppet.”

“A puppet that can’t move.” Maggie added.

Paula nodded, but added “Just because he can’t move doesn’t mean we can’t control him.”

Maggie glanced at the Printer screen, a countdown clock read 4 hours 20 minutes till completion.

“The only question is, do we play with him now, or wait till the printer finishes?” Paula asked Maggie.

“Both ideas have their merits” Maggie replied “But I’m leaning towards letting it finish.”

“So what do we do for the next four hours or so?” Paula asked with a certain twinkle in her eye.

“Did you remember to bring some personal supplies to keep handy here, like I asked?” Maggie smiled back.

Paula answered, “Of course, you can't have fun if you don’t keep the proper toys around.”

“Show me” Maggie commanded.

Paula unlocked a file drawer in her desk and pulled out a small gym bag “My pleasure.”

#### Putting on a show

Paula told Maggie “I think we should take Phil’s mind off what the printer is doing and let him watch us.”

“Helplessly stuck, unable to play Phil watching us play?” Maggie grinned at Paula “That is delightfully cruel.”

Paula smiled as she pulled some items from her gym bag. “I’m discovering my dominant side, at least as far as controlling Phil goes.”

Maggie narrowed her eyes and in a firm voice said “Strip, slave!”

Paula dropped the items she was holding and started pulling her shirt off, then stopped, giving Maggie a look.

Maggie chuckled, “Very dominant.”

Paula frowned at her friend but then chuckled too. “I did say Dominant to Phil, not you.”

“Speaking of which, before we go too far.” Paula picked up her phone and did some things. “There, now Phil can watch us. I can switch his tablet to any feed I control or can access.”

Maggie whispered “Can he hear us?”

“I didn’t turn that on, but I can if you want.” Paula looked questioningly at Maggie.

“No, or rather not yet.” Maggie said in a normal tone. “I just wanted to ask without him hearing, are you going to be able to send his tablet the feed for the event later?”

“Definitely,” Paula nodded “I made sure it was a public feed anyone could access. As a matter of fact the PR department complimented me on the idea and they are advertising it.”

“Excellent,” Maggie smiled. “Now turn on the sound for Phil, and finish stripping.”

Paula smiled, activated the earphones for Phil and placed her phone in speaker mode on the small end table near the sofa, then pulled her shirt off. Then continued stripping till she was completely naked, she laid back on the sofa with her arms and legs akimbo giving the ceiling mounted camera a good view of her entire body. Knowing Phil would be seeing everything she did.

Maggie was busy going through the gear Paula had brought and deciding what she wanted to do next. So Paula picked up her phone and whispered into the microphone.

“I know you can hear me Phil, it’s not like you have anything else to do.” Paula purred in her sexiest voice. “Do you remember last time we had you locked up and we let you out so we could fuck you?”

Paula let her free hand dip into her crotch. “I know I remember how your cock felt inside my pussy.I bet your cock remembers how warm and wet I was.” Paula was slowly fingering herself to the memory. She gave out a moan of pleasure “I’ll bet your cock is rock hard at the memory, I’ll bet you would do or promise nearly anything if you could be out here, right now.”

“Are you thinking about how good it would feel for my warm, wet pussy to be riding your hard, pulsing cock Phil?” Paula was fingering herself rapidly to an orgasm. She was panting in between words, and she could barely concentrate on what she was telling Phil.

Meanwhile Maggie looked on in appreciation as Paula pleasured herself while tormenting Phil. Maybe there was a dominant streak in Paula, at least in regards to Phil and putting him in her devices.

Paula was rapidly approaching the point of no return “Too bad your cock is locked away all weekend.”

“Poor Phil,” Paula gasped as she orgasmed and lay back on the sofa, her body twitching and shuddering slightly.

Maggie sat down near Paula’s head and stroked her hair softly.

“Regretting being inside right about now Phil?” Maggie asked rhetorically.

#### Inside right now

Phil was biting down very hard on the gag in his mouth and his body strained against its plastic prison, with all the power Phil could summon. The plastic yielded nothing to his efforts. To add insult to injury the cock milker took that exact moment to randomly zap his cock head.

Phil gave out a guttural scream around the mouth filling gag. He was so hard and so desperate to cum, the frustration was driving him insane. He watched as Maggie stroked Paula’s hair as she obviously came down off an intense orgasm. He whimpered, near tears as he did indeed recall her riding him after releasing him from the previous sarcophagus.

His mind replayed the scene she had just performed for him, his body aching to move, to satisfy his needs.

Wait? What was that last thing she had said “Poor Phil”? No right before that “Too bad your cock is locked all weekend”?

Phil grunted around the gag “Locked all weekend”? He had been so busy enjoying her performance he had almost missed that hint she dropped.

Phil was very good at puzzles and putting together clues, it’s why he relished actual surprises, it was very hard to surprise him.

Maggie had him clear his weekend calendar and promised him a surprise.

Paula just happened to need a “test fitting” the Friday before that same weekend.

When they had locked him in, he had not actually asked for “How Long?” He had flippantly said “Let’s take it for a test drive”.

Always thinking with his cock, Phil sighed. Too late now he supposed, might as well enjoy the ride.

#### Outside the box

“Did you enjoy that?” Maggie asked Paula, still stroking her hair.

Paula looked up at Maggie’s face “Very much so.”

“Tormenting Phil got your juices going?” Maggie questioned.

“Noticed that, did you?” Paula smiled up at her.

Maggie smiled back and almost in a whisper mentioned “I also noticed you told him he was locked up for the weekend.”

Paula frowned “I’m sorry Maggie, I know you wanted to tell him later.” She whispered back.

“Not to worry.” Maggie was still smiling. “You can make it up to me.”

Maggie spoke louder and clearly “I’m sure you’ve figured it out by now Phil.”

“My big surprise was that this was not so much a test fitting as a trial run at longer term storage.” Maggie explained. “Paula worked very hard to get this latest prototype ready early so you wouldn’t be suspicious.”

Paula nodded her head in agreement but let Maggie explain.

“We figured if it was sooner than the month she had estimated you would think it was the so-called test fitting, not a trial run.” Maggie paused and in a deep voice said “But now you face a fully functional Death Star, I’m afraid you are quite doomed.”

“Paula, tell Phil why he is doomed.” Maggie commanded.

“This new prototype is a smart sarcophagus and modular. We printed the outer shell and lid, but left the inside hollow. The plates your body is sandwiched between are actually inserts into that outer shell. This allows us easier access to install components and allows us to print different body plates for differently shaped people. One of the reasons I was authorized to use the metal infused plastic was the plates needed to be printed separately and are only about a half inch thick, the higher strength plastic guarantees even with the thinner layer no mere human will be strong enough to flex or break it. This product can only make money if we can make it adaptable to more than one person to use. A custom fit one off would be too expensive to sell to the general public. Of course more wealthy customers could avail themselves of a bespoke model.” Paula paused.

“In addition to the modular nature of the body plates, you noticed all those silver sensors scattered around on the inside. Most of those are indeed sensors, temperature, heart rate, and a variety of other indicators. All of which attach to a central brain in the base of the unit and can report out to a master program I have installed on my laptop via an encrypted bluetooth channel.” Paula continued.

“Wouldn’t want hackers hijacking all those fun toys and tormenting you Phil. That’s my job.” Paula smiled wickedly at Maggie.

“You may have noticed I said most of those silver items are sensors, the ones that aren’t sensors have other functions which you will be learning about sooner or later over the course of this weekend.” Paula was definitely enjoying describing all the new modifications she had installed in this upgraded sarcophagus.

Paula looked up questioningly at Maggie. “Should I tell him all of it?”

Maggie smiled “Sure, tell him now and it’ll prey on his mind for hours.”

Paula called up the webcam feed on her phone and switched Phil’s view back to the 3-D printer overhead view.

“It’s difficult to tell from the top down look, Phil. But as you can see the printer nozzles are moving all around the edge of the base your sarcophagus was printed on. They are slowly but inevitably building an outer wall around your current home.” Paula was especially proud of her design of this outer crypt. “Those walls are actually a lattice work with approximately 2 inch openings in a diamond pattern on all four sides. But at least an inch thick. Since your sarcophagus was printed directly onto the black plastic base, it instantly welded itself in place. Now these walls are also welded to the base plate. In addition to four walls all around, the printer will be printing a plastic lattice in the same pattern over the top of your sarcophagus. This will turn your golden plastic home into a display piece with no easy access from outside.”

Maggie encouraged Paula “Tell him why we need to turn it into a display piece.”

“This weekend Fantastic Plastics is having an open house, Phil.” Paula’s voice practically purred as she explained the last piece of the puzzle. “Each of the labs was asked to supply something suitable to put on display in the main conference room, something that showcased the versatile nature of our new 3-D printer processes and new materials.The PR department practically wet themselves when I said I could provide a life size King Tut’s golden coffin and print a display cage around it.”

“In the next 2-3 hours the walls will finish printing and you’ll see the printer move onto printing the lattice work over you. As soon as that’s done, Maggie and I will go home for the night. In the morning the boys from the loading dock will come in, jack you up, then wheel you into the conference room. Where you will spend all day Saturday and Sunday on public display. Only Maggie and I know you are in there and we will be going home every night while you simmer in your inescapable plastic prison.”

Paula looked up at Maggie and muted the feed to Phil. “Is that enough explanation for now?”

“Yes, it was a great explanation and it left a few surprises for Phil.” Maggie complimented Paula.

#### Friday finish line.

Maggie and Paula used the computer display of Phil’s status to tease and torment him off and on for the next 3 hours. From their view of the printer working its way around Phil’s sarcophagus, they could see the walls taking shape, the lattice work protecting and revealing the golden object inside. It was a turn on for both of them watching him get more and more trapped in the plastic. They took turns pleasuring each other, sometimes using the cuffs and chains Paula had stashed in the lab, sometimes letting Phil watch them play. Sometimes they turned the sound on and called out to him. “Oh Phil if only I could feel your cock inside me.”

Of course the thought of how tormented and teased he must be by now fueled their own fantasies.

During a break from playing with each other to torment Phil and of course pleasure themselves, Paula noticed the 3-D printer had started printing the lip around the top edge of the wall.

“Look Maggie,” Paula told her, “It’s making the turn from printing the walls to printing the top.”

Maggie looked up in interest “Excellent. Then it is time to finish Phil off for tonight.”

Paula asked “Before we go home?”

“Yes,” Maggie agreed. “But not only that, I want him to have an orgasm as close to the moment the printer finishes the lid as possible. I want him to subconsciously associate the moment of no return as pleasurable.”

“How close is the estimate of time finished?” Maggie waved at the time estimate on the printer control screen.

Paula bit her lip and explained “It’s an estimate based on the volume of material left to print and the speed it is operating at. The good news is it updates itself as it goes along. So the closer it gets to finishing, the more accurate it is.”

Maggie nodded “So it’s accurate within a few minutes probably. That gives me an hour to torment Phil ino a massive orgasm and then leave him trapped for the night.”

Maggie opened the apps on her phone and activated an enema for Phil as the kick off event to the final lap. The device obeyed her command and started filling Phil up with the lukewarm water stored under him. She also turned off the random electric shocks to Phil’s cock, but left the sleeve slowly caressing him.

Ten minutes later it was emptying itself and going through a flush and clean cycle. After it was done Maggie turned up the butt plug's vibrations, while watching the screen that reported Phil’s biofeedback. So far everything was functioning as expected and Phil was reacting as expected. Maggie turned her attention from the enema butt plug device and called up the cock milker.

Ever so slowly Maggie increased the stroking motion and the suction being applied to Phil’s cock. Watching the computer screen Paula pointed out the pleasure centers of Phil’s brain lighting up, an elevated heart rate and respiration.

“Not too fast Maggie.” Paula whispered as she noted there was still 30 minutes of 3-D printing left to do.

Maggie left Phil being teased at this new level for ten minutes or so, she watched the computer screen and kept an eye on the 3-D printer. Juggling in her mind how much longer it would take before the lid was finished.

She asked Paula “Turn on his earphones.”

Paula activated the app on her phone and handed it to Maggie. “You are live,” Paula told her.

“Hi Phil,” Maggie started out casually “Do you see what I see?” Maggie asked.

“I’m sure you are staring at that screen, watching as Paula’s Plastic Printer seals you away for an entire weekend.” Maggie commented, knowing Phil would hang on every word.

The computer screen indicated Phil’s brain reacting to Maggie’s comments.

Maggie turned up the stroking and suction on the cock sleeve wrapped around Phil’s cock.

“Five more minutes my Pet, my Toy, my Plaything.” Maggie teased Phil. “Five minutes until your prison is completely sealed.”

Paula, Maggie, and Phil all held their breath as the print heads raced to finish the last tiny bit of printing needed.

With 30 seconds left on the clock, Maggie twisted the dial on the cock sleeve to the highest setting and said firmly “Cum for me Phil, cum now!”

Maggie watched the computer screen showing Phil’s body and marveled as so many indicators lept to higher levels all at once. It was definitely easy to tell when Phil had an orgasm she thought to herself. She let the cock sleeve and butt plug run at high settings for a minute, then dialed them off.

Phil’s heart rate and pulse continued at a high level for a minute, then two minutes, then after three minutes they slowly started tapering back down to normal.

On the monitor controlling the printer the screen read “Job completed, successfully”.

Maggie nodded to the screen “Yes computer, that was completed successfully.”

Paula chuckled at Maggie’s small joke.

Maggie turned to Paula “Turn it all off, all the devices, the tablet, the earphones, all of it.”

Paula turned off the earphones first before telling Maggie “We have to leave the body sensors running, that’s part of our deal with management.”

Maggie nodded “Okay but everything else, off. I want him completely cut off for the night.”

“As you command, Maggie Mastermind.” Paula did things on her computer, shutting down systems until only the program that monitored Phil’s vital signs was left running.

“At least this weekend we can go home every night and sleep in real beds,” Maggie remarked.

Paula agreed, “Plus clean clothes and hot showers everyday.”

The women got dressed, put Paula’s toys back in the gym bag, and put Phil’s clothes in there too. She locked the bag in her desk drawer. They turned off all the lights, Paula locked the lab doors and they walked out the factory front doors. They hugged each other goodbye in the parking lot, agreeing to meet for breakfast before coming back to the factory for the open house and the grand revealing of Paula’s Golden Sarcophagus.

#### **Early Saturday morning**.

Paula had an alert on her phone that woke her up whenever someone entered her lab. The camera feed showed her it was the guys from the loading dock, no doubt there to move the Sarcophagus to the conference room for the weekend long Open House.

Smiling to herself Paula activated Phil’s tablet and fed it the image from above, so he could watch as they moved him. She then texted Maggie and sent her a link to the public camera feed from the conference room where they would be delivering Phil and the Sarcophagus.

“They are moving him now,” she added. “See you at the diner in 15 minutes for breakfast.”

She quickly showered, and put on a business casual outfit to attend the open house event. She hopped in her car and drove to the diner to meet Maggie for breakfast.

Meanwhile Maggie had woken up a little ahead of her alarm clock, taken a leisurely shower and was dressed and waiting when her phone chimed with Paula’s message. Nodding her head, she too headed to the diner and arrived a little before Paula.

They sat down at one of the tables, both ordered coffee and toast and waited till the waitress left to talk.

“So is he alright?” Maggie asked, concerned about Phil being left alone all night.

“I had an alert set to send me a text if his breathing or pulse changed drastically. As of me leaving home five minutes ago he was perfectly healthy and judging from his brain pattern, awake.” Paula reassured Maggie.

She placed her phone face up on the diner table “Here is the live feed from my lab, as you can see the shipping people have the sarcophagus up and loaded on a dolly.”

“What was the link you sent me?” Maggie asked

Paula replied “That’s the feed of the large conference room where the exhibits will be available to the public.”

Maggie nodded “So that’s where Phil will wind up on display.”

“Exactly” Paula agreed right before the waitress returned with two hot cups of coffee, cream, and sugar. The toast they had both ordered and a basket of tiny jelly and jam packets.

“You two are up early and dressed nicely, going somewhere?” The Waitress asked to make conversation.

Maggie smiled “Yes, we are attending the Fantastic Plastics Factory Open House event today and tomorrow.”

Paula nodded her agreement but was caught with a mouthful of toast.

“Paula here.” Maggie pointed at her friend “has a piece on display.”

“Oh what kind of display?” the Waitress asked.

Maggie smiled and let Paula answer “It’s a full size replica of King Tut’s golden Sarcophagus.” Paula had swallowed her toast hastily to answer.

“Sounds impressive.” The Waitress smiled and went to help another customer.

Maggie whispered “Full size replica and Phil containment torment device.” So that only Paula heard her.

The two women drank coffee, ate toast and occasionally glanced at their phones.

Paula noticed first “Here he comes.” she remarked.

Maggie had her own phone out and looked down to see the loading dock workers pushing the large flatbed containing the Sarcophagus display being wheeled into the hall.

They both watched on their small screens as the men moved it right into the center of the room under a bright chandelier and unloaded it carefully. The golden Sarcophagus practically glowed under the bright lights, highlighted by the black glossy display frame it was enclosed inside of.

“We’d best finish up and get over there before the doors open up.” Maggie commented. “There is a final piece after all.”

Paula looked at Maggie and asked “Are you sure you want to add the interactive feature we discussed?”

“Did you program it as I requested?” Maggie looked at Paula intensely.

“Yes,” Paula admitted “Exactly as requested.”

“So it shouldn’t be an issue.” Maggie smiled in relief.

“But we have no idea how well attended this event will be.” Paula frowned slightly “I wonder if we’ll have to recharge the batteries if it gets used too much on Saturday.”

“You did leave a place to plug it in, if need be?” Maggie looked a little worried now.

“To recharge the sarcophagus, yes.” Paula continued “I was more worried about allowing the internal components time to recharge.”

OH” Maggie realized what Paula meant now. “You mean the internal item, the fill-er inside,” Maggie stressed the fill part of the word filler.

“Yes, exactly.” Paula questioned “Depending on how many people use the Interactive Display feature, it might not have a chance to recharge between uses.”

Maggie smiled “I’m glad you are worried about the recharge rate. But can we turn the interactive feature off remotely?”

“Yes,” Paula admitted “But people will notice it’s off.”

“Then there’s nothing to worry about.” Maggie was all smiles again “Let’s get over there before it opens!”

#### Fantastic Plastics Open House

Paula showed her ID to the guard on the door and told him “She’s with me” pointing at Maggie. Both of them were slightly surprised to see a small crowd of maybe a dozen people lined up already for the open house. The PR team would be pleased, Paula thought to herself as she entered the lobby of her workplace.

“I just need to grab the laptop from my lab.” Paula told Maggie, “You should probably wait here.”

Paula hustled off to her lab to grab the key component to the Interactive Display she had programmed at Maggie’s request. Maggie settled into a comfortable chair in the lobby and watched people rushing about with last minute preparations for the Open House.

Paula returned with the laptop “Okay let’s get to the display. The doors open in ten minutes.”

Maggie and Paula hustled off the large conference room and the display pieces. When they arrived a guard on this door also checked Paula’s ID.

Paula and Maggie went to enter the room and the guard stopped them, “Sorry ma’am, employees only until we open.”

Paula nodded her head and hurried into the room, Maggie waited with the guard.

Maggie asked the guard “Lots of people trying to sneak in?”

He replied politely “You’d be amazed, lot’s of employees have been trying to sneak family and friends in for an early sneak peek.”

Maggie smiled, “I’m happy to wait for the official opening time.”

“Thank you for your patience” he replied and smiled back.

Just then Paula squeezed out between the doors behind the guard. “All set” she announced.

The guard asked “What’s all set ma’am?”

“My printer project is the replica of King Tut’s tomb.” Paula told the guard. “Kinda at the last minute I decided to create an Interactive Display, so I’ve placed an open laptop on top of the display with a big “press here” button on it. When people press the button it activates a soundtrack and a small slide show about King Tut, his reign and the discovery of his tomb by Professor Howard Carter.”

“That’s cool,” the guard remarked. “I’ll have to check it out when I’m off duty.”

Maggie grinned and commented “I am positive it’ll be educational and a real eye opener for some people.”

Paula grabbed Maggie’s arm “There’s something I want to show you in my lab.” she said, grinning wildly and leading her away from the guard.

“Are you trying to get us caught?” Paula asked when they were alone in the hall leading to her lab.

Maggie sighed “You really think the security guard is going to hear me say ‘a real eye opener’ and connect that with Phil sealed inside the sarcophagus and the various toys being randomly triggered by people pushing your Interactive Display button?”

Paula grinned sheepishly “I suppose when you say it like that, it’s not very likely.”

Maggie smiled at Paula “Let’s get to your lab and watch the fun through the cameras and of course the sensors monitoring Phil.”

Paula set up her laptops on the table in front of the old sofa in her lab. There were two, one showing his bio sensors, the other showed the camera feed from the Open House display.

“You switched Phil’s view to the open house feed?” Maggie wondered.

“Thanks for the reminder” Paula pulled out her phone and made the necessary changes.

“So which devices did you program to activate randomly for lucky Phil?’ Maggie was curious.

“The butt plug vibrator, the cock sleeve all of its functions, and of course the one item we haven’t tested yet, the electrostim pins embedded all over the inside of the sarcophagus.” Paula listed what she had programmed to randomly activate whenever a visitor tapped the “Press here,” button on the display.

“How do those work again?” Maggie settled back on the sofa to listen to Paula.

“About 80% of the silver studs scattered all over Phil’s body plates are pairs of what are effectively TENs pads.” Paula settled back but watched her monitors closely. “One of the screens in the Interactive Display looks like a simple game called “Wrap a Mummy”, the person watching the slide show is invited to wrap the mummy by touching the screen to choose what limb or body part gets wrapped and in what order. “

Paula continued “Not only does touching the screen wrap that part of the mummy on the display, it activates the corresponding TENs units and jolts the same area on Phil.”

Maggie raised a finger as if to ask a question, Paula just talked over her “Yes, that includes zapping his crotch and ass if they wrap that body part specifically. It also senses how long the finger lingers over the area and will zap longer in response. SInce the mummy figure in the game is just a front view, I’ve paired the front and back units to zap both sides of Phil at the same time.”

“That explains everything?” Paula paused and asked Maggie.

Maggie clapped her hands in delight. “Phil is going to love this!”

“He is?” Paula was unsure.

“Well he’s going to hate it while it’s happening” Maggie admitted “But he’s going to beg to do it again once it’s over.”

It was Paula’s turn to start to ask a question only to be overridden by Maggie.

“Shush, shush” Maggie waved her hands at Paula “Look people are entering the display room!”

#### Open House is Open.

Paula looked at the camera feed, people could be seen entering the large room where the displays were.

Almost immediately a small crowd was circling the Golden Sarcophagus display. One of the guests reached out and hesitantly touched the laptop. Several others gathered around the screen obviously watching the slide show. Paula and Maggie were just as intently watching the screen that monitored Phil’s body and the devices attached or inserted in him.

Moments after the person was seen touching the laptop, the laptop tracking Phil’s bodily functions light up indicating the butt plug was vibrating at a medium setting. Maggie and Paula watched the group around the laptop intently, waiting for the slide show to reach the “wrap a mummy” screen. They watched as the woman standing directly in front of the open laptop hesitantly reached out to touch the screen. The Phil laptop indicated that his right arm had been zapped by the TENs pins starting at his hand and working slowly to his shoulder. It would have felt like someone had slowly moved a very weak taser down his arm, making his muscles jump and twitch uncontrollably.

Moments later the same woman reached out to the screen again, this time Phil’s left arm was mildly shocked from the wrist to the shoulder, but it moved much more quickly. In short order she touched the screen again and again. First Phil’s right leg, then his left leg, was rapidly but mildly shocked. Maggie, Paula, and no doubt Phil waited for what was sure to come next. Would the woman finish wrapping the mummy on the screen and shock Phil from crotch to the head, or from the head down to his crotch?

Paula’s biotracking program showed it clearly, the woman traced the wrappings from the head downward, ending with Phil’s crotch and maybe lingering for just a moment longer than strictly necessary.

Paula watched in fascination as Phil’s brain activity looked like someone plugged in a Christmas tree. Pleasure centers, pain receptors, heart rate, respiration, everything was swinging around wildly. Phil was on a wild ride without moving a single muscle.

Maggie stared at the screen and asked Paula “What does all that mean?”

Paula pointed at some of the data and explained the color code being used. But honestly she only had a basic grasp of what she was seeing herself, it would take an expert to parse this data into some sort of meaningful report. There were several more minutes of non-interactive slides in the show, during which Phil’s indicators started returning to normal. The small crowd watching the screen in the display hall apparently stayed till the end of the show, then wandered off to look at different displays. A new person stopped at the screen and reached out to touch the button.

Maggie exclaimed “Hey, did you see that?”

Paula was already nodding her head “Yes, Phil’s pleasure center lit up as the person was reaching for the screen. Before anything was activated. He must have figured out the visitors are activating his toys.”

Both women watched as activating the slideshow activated the cock milker and Phil’s pleasure centers glowed brightly on the screen. The slideshow continued and the person watching reached out to touch the screen again.

“Must be time to wrap the mummy.” Maggie watched Phil’s bio indicators closely.

Paula nodded, staring intently at the screen.

The person watching the slideshow was very efficient, they traced their finger from the right wrist down to the left ankle, then the right ankle back to the left wrist. This minimized the amount of zapping and the duration it lasted for Phil. Compared to the first time it was less a fireworks show and more of a flickering candle effect on his brain.

“Mildly disappointing,” Maggie commented.

 Paula grinned. “But very efficient to win the on screen game.”

Maggie harumphed “Half tempted to go down there myself and leave my hand pressing on the screen, so everything zaps all at once as long as possible.”

“Now Maggie, that’s not sporting.” Paula looked disappointed. “The randomness of it all is the fun part.”

Maggie told her “Don’t worry, I won’t ruin your fun.”

Paula was all smiles again. “Plus this is the kind of data they really want to collect.”

Maggie grinned “Judging by the way Phil reacted before that last person even touched the screen, he has already figured out that the screen does something to him.”

Both women noted the cock milker shut itself off and the person who had activated the slideshow was wandering off.

“Show must have ended.” Paula commented.

Maggie nodded “Poor Phil, that slideshow is just not long enough to get him off. Especially with the full body zapping halfway through.”

Maggie and Paula monitored Phil through several Interactive slideshows. It became obvious that Phil was learning the pattern of events, his pleasure center would light up right before a person touched the screen the first time. Then some random feelings would activate when the person reached out the second time to play the wrap a mummy mini game.

One notable moment that first day was when a pack of teenage boys activated the display. When they reached the mummy mini game, the boy who played the game apparently placed his thumb on the screen right over the crotch location and left it there. After a minute he lifted his thumb, then pressed it on the torso and again left it in place for longer than needed.

This was the most intense zapping Phil had received so far while on display. Paula and Maggie watched the bio monitoring screen intently, curious how this would affect Phil.

Instead of moving on to other body parts the teenager again mashed his thumb over the crotch area, Paula had not designed the game to ignore repeated inputs in the same area, she had barely had time to program the game before the Open House in the first place.

“Should I disconnect the game from Phil’s sarcophagus?” Paula worriedly asked Maggie.

Maggie stared at the live feed watching the teenage boy hold his thumb to the screen, her eyes flicking back to the bio monitoring of Phil.

“Even a teenage boy should get bored quickly.” Maggie remarked, or was it a question?

Both women gave a sigh of relief as they watched the teenager move his hand and the TENs pins on Phil’s arms and legs were activated.

After that, apparently bored with the game, the tenagers didn’t stay to watch the end of the slide show. They wandered off to other exhibits.

#### Luncheon is served

Paula’s phone alarm went off. “Time for the open house lunch to be served.”

Maggie nodded at her friend “Let’s give Phil a lunch break too, disconnect the slideshow from the sarcophagus?”

Paula reached for her laptop, pushed a few buttons and clicked a few icons. “Okay the slideshow will no longer activate the functions of Phil’s sarcophagus.”

Paula locked the lab behind them and the two friends joined staff and visitors in the cafeteria for a catered buffet.

Many of Paula’s co-workers complimented her on the Golden Sarcophagus, asking for details about the materials, or how she managed some tricky bit of 3-D printing.

One rather insistent co-worker named George kept up a running interrogation of Paula, demanding to know why management was authorizing her to print such large scale items with such valuable materials.

Paula deflected most of his questions, or ignored him in favor of a different co-workers question.

Maggie wondered why George was so insistent and once they were seated alone together asked Paula “What is George’s problem?”

“He wanted to use the large 3-D printer for his pet projects.” Paula told Maggie quietly “He thinks he’s the better engineer and programmer, he went to MIT you know.”

Maggie chuckled “Oh one of those types.”

“Yes” Paula agreed “Constantly undermining me with our Supervisor, talking over me in meetings, a real sexist pig.”

“But you have management's backing?” Maggie asked Paula

“Yes, and he hates that too.” Paula confirmed “He doesn’t understand why and he especially doesn’t understand why management didn’t assign the project to him.”

“Because it was your idea and you brought it to management.” Maggie said while glaring at an oblivious George across the room, sitting with a group of all men.

Paula chuckled. “Well technically it was our idea. But I appreciate the support.”

Maggie turned away from glaring at George to look at Paula “He’s not a serious threat is he?”

“No, he’s not nearly as clever as he thinks he is, and he keeps alienating everyone except the Bro Squad.” Paula indicated the group sitting with George.

Just then the president of Fantastic Plastics stood up in front of the room and the crowd quieted down to hear him speak.

“Welcome to Fantastic Plastics first open house.” He began, the crowd applauded and he waited for silence again.

“This is a great opportunity for us to showcase all the new materials and cutting edge technology we are proud to be developing here. So whether you are friends or family of someone who works here, or just a curious member of the public, welcome to our happy home.” Apparently the president believed in a short and sweet approach to speeches because he sat down as the applause tapered off and just waved to the crowd.

A young man in a boldly patterned sportcoat hopped up and picked up the microphone and said like a cheerleader “Thank you for that great speech Sir. Welcome everyone, enjoy the buffet, make sure to check out our exhibits, and if you have any questions our sales staff will be circulating to answer as best we can.”

“That’s our head of public relations and sales development, Mike Peterman,” Paula told Maggie, “Most of the staff call him Mikey.”

“Is he the one who loved your Golden Sarcophagus idea?”

“Oh yes, he absolutely loved it.” Paula imitated his peppy tones “Great Idea! People will line up to see it! It will be our centerpiece!”

Maggie chuckled at her imitation “How did George take that?”

“About as well as you might think.” Paula told her “You could hear his teeth grinding from ten feet away. I’m surprised he didn’t die choking on his own spit right there and then.”

The women had a leisurely lunch, many of Paula’s co workers took the opportunity to approach the table to congratulate her on the beautiful display she had created. Maggie kept a wary eye on George and his table full of Bros as subtly as she could. They were all drinking rather heavily from the bar, George specifically was turning a bright shade of red in the face.

He was swinging his arms wildly and speaking belligerently to his friends, at one point he knocked over half the tables glassware and beer bottles. The loud crash drew everyone's eyes including the President and Senior executives table. The President waved Mikey the PR guy over and whispered in his ear. Mikey nodded his head rapidly and immediately headed to George’s table.

Maggie stage whispered to Paula “Time for us to go.”

Paula had been engrossed in a technical conversation with another female worker, they had both ignored the crash of glassware. “Oh? Really? I guess so.”

Maggie stood up and Paula followed suit. “Yes, time to go.” Maggie insisted.

Maggie took Paula by the arm and led her out of the cafeteria just as Mikey the PR guy attempted to get George’s attention quietly.

George, half tipsy and all ego, was pushing Mikey away and attempting to stand up. Somehow the hand he was using to support himself slipped off the edge of the table yanking the tablecloth with it. George was suddenly sitting on the floor and a cascade of half empty bottles followed him down with the tablecloth.

This time no one missed the crash and the yelling. George was blaming Mikey for “making me fall down”.

Mikey, looking as nervous as a cat in a rocking chair factory, was attempting to get a very drunk and now beer-soaked George to his feet. Eventually with help from several members of the Bro Squad, Mikey got George up and out of the cafeteria.

While that was going on, Maggie and Paula had retired to Paul’s lab, taken up station on her sofa and reactivated the various laptops that allowed them to monitor Phil and spy on the display room via webcam.

“How’s Phil’s vital signs?” Maggie peered at the laptop monitoring Phil’s health but was not really sure what she was looking at.

Paula looked at it and with just that glance told Maggie, “He is healthy and resting.”

“We can’t have him falling asleep on the job.” Maggie smiled wickedly. “Turn the Interactive Display back on.”

“Aye, Aye Cap’n!” Paula joked around with Maggie, while pressing the appropriate buttons on her laptop.

Paula added “They should be opening the doors for the display again, now that the luncheon is over.”

Maggie couldn’t help but remark “A toast to George, looks like he managed to humiliate himself in front of the bosses.”

Paula laughed at Maggie’s comment. “Yes, poor Mikey trying to clean that mess up.”

Maggie waved at Paula “Here’s our first customer of the afternoon!”

Both of them watched intently as an unknown man dressed in a nice suit circled the display multiple times, he had his phone out and appeared to be recording a 360 view. After several circuits around the sarcophagus he stopped at the interactive display and pressed the button.

Maggie and Paula transferred their attention to the Phil bio monitor laptop, what random function would activate this time? Phil would be happy, it was the cock sleeve again, this time at a decent level of vibration and suction.

They returned to watching the man in the suit, who was actually watching their display and nodding along to it as if agreeing with it. The man smiled and reached for the screen, time to play the mini game no doubt.

Paula watched the bio monitor, the man had apparently used two fingers and activated almost all the TENs pins at once. Phil’s brain waves and pleasure centers hit max stimulation, the cock sleeve detected fluid moments later and Paula told Maggie “Phil just came from the electro stim!”

Maggie whooped “Go Phil!”

Paula smiled from ear to ear and said “The analysts are going to have a field day with all this data!”

“Nevermind the analysts, “ Maggie told her, excitedly. “Just think what we can do to Phil.”

Paula and Maggie watched as the man in the suit finished watching the Interactive Display and wandered off to examine other displays. The afternoon was much slower than the morning and they couldn’t help but notice the man return to the sarcophagus and do one last circuit around before Mikey the sales guy of all people approached him. The man in the suit was seen pointing at the sarcophagus and apparently asking Mikey questions. Mikey was nodding his head and smiling broadly the whole time. They shook hands and the man in the suit left, Mikey wandered over to another group of visitors, who scattered before he could reach them. No doubt fleeing ahead of a sales pitch of some kind.

Paula turned to Maggie and asked “Did that strike you as odd?”

“What?” Maggie asked, confused.

“Mikey the sales guy shaking Mr. Suit’s hand.” Paula explained.

Reasonably Maggie responded “Things are slow right now, if you are worried, go talk to him.”

“Good idea” Paula agreed and stood up. “Call me if anything goes wrong.”

Maggie just nodded her head yes as she stared intently at the web camera fed as another group of curious visitors circled the sarcophagus display. Would they activate the display?”

Paula left Maggie to monitor Phil and trotted down to the exhibit hall to intercept Mikey from Sales.

#### It’s a done deal

Paula waited until Mikey was done talking to a small group of visitors, then tapped him on the shoulder.

“How’s it going?” Paula asked pleasantly.

Mikey turned to Paula and beamed his biggest sales smile at her. “Couldn’t be better, your King Tut’s golden coffin is the hit of the open house.”

Paula smiled but added “Sarcophagus, Golden Sarcophagus.”

Mikey, still smiling, nodded “I can never recall that word, but that’s what the Professor called it too!”

“The Professor?” Paula prompted him.

“Yes, the Professor from the Museum.” Mikey enthused, “He was super impressed with your display.”

“I'm glad the Professor was impressed with my work.” Paula smiled.

“You should be, he’s a professor of Egyptology.” Mikey told her “So he would know.”

Paula smiled even more “Well that is quite the compliment then.”

“Even better than that.” Mikey was slowly leading them over to her display. “He was so impressed with the detailed work, he wants to borrow it for the museum charity fundraiser.”

Paula’s smile faded quickly “Borrow it?” she asked, concerned.

“Yes!” Mikey never noticed her demeanor changing, still in cheerleader mode himself. “It’s really a coup for us, it’ll be the centerpiece at their charity dinner tomorrow night. Big sign reading by generous donation of Fantastic Plastics.”

“Tomorrow night, when?” Paula managed to ask shakily

Mikey continued to be enthused “I’ve already arranged it with the old man, the loading dock boys will take it from here when we close the open house at 3pm Sunday. The charity event at the museum opens their doors at 6pm, so that will be just enough time to drive it over and get it in place.”

Paula objected “I should really take it to my lab and give it a good cleaning and polish before we deliver it.”

“Nonsense.” Mikey said looking at the display “It practically glows under the lights as is, it’s perfect and great advertising for us! You did really good, this is a feather in all our caps.”

Paula said something in reply, she wasn’t sure what exactly but it made Mikey happy. Then she excused herself and raced back to the lab to tell Maggie what she had learned.
