---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Natalie
authors:
- Pete Lowery
tags:
- Solo-M-F
- MF
- latex
- catsuits
- hoods
- clothing
- encased
- vr
- sci-fi
- habitat
- waitress
- rom
- emb
- cons
- X
date: 2004-05-10 00:00:00
---

Natalie announced her arrival to Meyer in time for him to unlock the
door before she had to wait. He’s always so polite, she thought and considerate
too. Natalie thought it strange that Meyer did not get up when she entered
the tiny room as he usually did. The tall dark man- well they all were,
here, weren’t they? - remained seated, connected to the Sanctuary’s hard-wire
systems. He must be pre-occupied with something, she supposed.

As a lower-order member of the Closed Habitat, she did not have access
to the depths of the Habitats information gathering system. Many things
that happened in the Sanctuary where a mystery to her. The closed-door
meetings, where her services involved merely feeding the correct beverage
into the appropriate receptacle for transfer to the recipient by hose to
the drinking tubes in their suit, had become an everyday occurrence. Not
seeing the faces of most of her customers no longer bothered her, now that
she had been in CloHab for a few years. Often she would not see another
face for the whole of her shift. However, no one saw hers either.

She had originally experimented with what the Closed Habitat called
“Wannabee suits”, fully enclosed outfits that contained none of the electronic
or environmental attributes of the Habitat. A long period of hiding from
her few relatives and scant friends, wearing the faceless costume had her
convinced that she should become a member of the secular organisation.
She researched the available details, asked as much as she was game and
finally gathered the courage to walk into one of their Sanctuaries.

A thorough questionnaire and search into her past enabled her to become
a “practising candidate”, as the Habitat called it. Months of wearing the
full suit, study and conforming to the guidelines and paying off the electronically
enhanced, environmentally controlled suit won her a fulltime membership,
but with limited access and few privileges.  She had studied hard
and consciously, becoming a skilled artisan in martial arts and computer
science along the way, and for that alone she was thankful. Natalie grinned
and gave gratitude every time she passed an old acquaintance in the street.
No one knew her, no one recognised her, and for that, she was satisfied.

Today, she had chosen an orange suit with a contoured face panel and
reddish eyes. At the end of a long and rather hard week at work, she had
donned a pair of matching bootees with shock absorbing soles, rather than
the high-heeled and platformed shoes that came with the suit. Data display
was minimal due to the reduced area in front of her eyes, but she did not
need most of the plethora of “bumph” available to her. The generous salary
paid by CloHab enabled her to purchase a wide selection of colourful suits,
although the more expensive self-cleansing models were beyond her means.
It was the skintight suits that originally attracted her to the Habitat
when she decided to drop out of mainstream society. Her personal preference
was for stylish and imaginative designs, rather than the basic black that
most members wore. Her main attraction was for the anonymity and facelessness
of the Habitat. She wanted nothing more than to be no one, just another
number, and a figure, in the crowds.

Similarly, she avoided the bulky and unnecessary optional extras that
others used. Massive amounts of memory storage, data handling, multi-spectral
capabilities, jet packs and energy conversion were not for her. Natalie
chose the most streamlined options available, opting for thin conformal
units. Her data-handling unit, for example, fitted into the hollow of her
back and the modest shoulder pads she wore. Microphones and optical pick-ups
were scarcely bigger than a pinhead. Nothing she carried about her body
detracted from her graceful figure or altered her sleek lines.

Indeed, she thought the costume was quite flattering to a well-toned
body. It certainly was on Seth Meyer, she had decided long ago. The few
times that he had relaxed enough to divest himself of the ballistic armour
and other heavy-duty items he habitually wore had set her heart aflutter.
Not that it had done her any good. The reserved conservative attitudes
of the Closed Habitat frowned upon fraternisation within the Sanctuaries.
It seemed contradictory to her, considering that some had complete floors
dedicated to “relaxation volunteers” for members that could not, or would
not, find a partner.

She had met several girls from that stream of employment within the
Closed Habitat and had been fascinated by the stories they told her and
by their overall attitude. They were more than just prostitutes; they were
dedicated to the idea of sex within the confines of the Habitats sanctuaries
in general, and suits in particular. All of those she had spoken to were
hardcore bondage fans. One had even said that she had spent one hundred
hours straight without being able to move!

Totally intubated and fed intravenously, the girl had had a remotely
controlled vibrating dildoes inserted into her arse and cunt and a solid
penis gag held into her mouth. She was strapped into a couch and been unable
to move so much as her fingers. Her “Master” had electronically stimulated
her without so much as him being in the room. Natalie had often daydreamed
of such activities during slower periods at the sanctuaries. She had even
masturbated to the thought of Meyer doing similar things to her, but such
things were outside of her experience and capabilities.

Her imagination did not stretch so far, as her doing it to him, although
a couple of the CloHab volunteers had told her they would tie their “clients”
up and thoroughly enjoyed it. Her mind wandered to the man in the 195th
floor booth, wired into a computer system and drinking from a sealed container
via his tight black suit. She imagined going in and mounting him, taking
his huge cock deep within her. She knew it was large because she had taken
his suits to be cleaned or repaired several times. Twice, she had pressed
the cool smooth layer against her own second skin and fantasised about
him being in it. She longed for it now. The quiet country girl, raised
on a diary farm, taught nothing except the essentials, and how to milk
genetically modified cattle for produce, wondered what was to be her future.

Nat was pleased that Meyer always chose her as a personal host whenever
she was on duty, although a frustration of the CloHab was that she could
not flutter her eyelids at him. She wondered what he really looked like
beneath that curved gloss black visor. She imagined a strong jaw, clean-shaven
and square. A serious frown, for someone so generally intense. What colour
are his eyes? She asked her blank reflection in the mirror when she returned
to the servery. Definitely blue or grey! She decided, thinking about his
very slight accent.

What was his accent, anyway? The mannerisms suggested a military background,
which was usual for Investigators and fairly common within the Habitat.
His spoken word had so many varying, and sometimes contrary, idiosyncrasies
that it was almost unidentifiable. Sometimes it was vaguely northern European,
at other times it was definitely off-world, possibly Yosoh or Johannes’
World. There was even a clipped Raskosian sound to it, sometimes…

He is a strange one, that Seth Meyer! She concluded as the next order
signal appeared in her left eyepiece. She went about her duties, serving
food and drinks, cleaning, fetching and running general errands but her
mind kept going back to the man in the booth. Nat wondered why Meyer had
her in such schoolgirl-like way of thinking.

Was it that he was always so polite and considerate? No, she thought,
nearly everyone here is usually very decent. His strong, athletic build
was quite an example to some of the patrons of the habitat, but she didn’t
think that was it either. Even the suits he wore were not as perfect as
others she regularly saw, with the heavy-duty kit layered on top of the
skin-tight black garment. In fact, she even found the Government Issue
equipment and his ballistic vest a bit of a turn-off. The guns, she didn’t
mind either way, particularly these days. In fact, with “the strife”, a
man with a means to physically protect her was actually a bonus.

Natalie found herself thinking that if anyone was going to protect her,
it should be Seth Meyer. She would feel as safe as a Martian Bank with
him around. Mind you, I felt more than just safe when he stayed for those
five days last month! And he didn’t even have all his kit on, then… Natalie
recalled.

Nat realised she was flushing at the memory of his lustred black body
wondering about the Sanctuary at all hours of the day or night. She realised
an urge to visit him in the hundred and ninety-fifth floor booth. It would
be an odd thing to do, though. The Closed Habitat was all about privacy.
To ask if someone wanted something, in an establishment designed to be
totally automated and electronically integrated… He would be suspicious
to say the least. It might even be grounds for dismissal… She considered.

Nevertheless, Natalie hovered around the servery with a selection of
drinks that Meyer usually ordered ready at hand. She thought her luck had
turned bad when she saw an order for another drink to be delivered to Meyer’s
cubicle had been acknowledged by Zana, the other girl working the shift.
Zana’s sweet voice piped into Nat’s hood, “Your Seth wants another bourbon,
Nat.”

“Thanks Zana. Can you do Dorna’s lunch for me?”

“Sure. Don’t be too long…” Zana replied with a hint of humour.

Natalie fretted unnecessarily that Zana was onto her infatuation with
Meyer, as she saw the girl watching her preen the polished orange catsuit
before taking the order down to the hundred and ninety-fifth level.

Zana grinned behind the obsidian curved faceplate of her glistening
black outfit. That girl has a big crush on Meyer! It had been so very obvious
for quite some time now. What she doesn’t seem to notice… is that he fancies
her too. She wondered how she could throw them together. Natalie rechecked
her appearance once again before entering the grav-tube. She dropped slowly
through the levels until she saw “195th” in large figures pass by. Taking
the chromed bar, she swung lightly onto the carpeted foyer. A small group
of effusive members were talking animatedly by the open lounge, on the
open proximity-channel.

“Oooh! I love your orange suit, dear! Could you tell me where you got
it?” A voice came over the channel allocated for that level of the building.

A quick look proved that she was, not surprisingly, the only person
wearing an orange suit within sight. It was the primary reason that she
had chosen orange for her latest outfit. Nat informed the lady of the designers
address as she admired outfit the woman was wearing and gave her the makers’
chit, which would add a credit to Nat for the referral. The woman was very
tall, even without the towering high-heels she wore. Natalie had to take
a pace back and crane her neck to take in the detail of the fishtailed
dress. It was worn over an exceptionally fine, full body-suit, as per the
creed of the Closed Habitat, but had the battery packs, sensor and data
units concealed within the folds of the skirt. Matched bloused sleeves
and a corseted waist set off a high frilled neck. A goggled eyepiece and
vented faceshield covered her face, a ponytail of black hair protruded
from the top of her hood. Everything was lustred to a gleaming finish.
In contrast, Nat felt positively frumpy. Her friends were equally well
dressed. The gentleman she stood with was in shades of light and dark blue
with an oil-spill patterned faceplate. One lady was wearing an outfit similar
to one that Natalie had been saving for.

It was bright chrome silver with gloss black accessories. She complimented
the woman on it although she thought that her own design was superior.
Nat excused herself, finally remembering that she had work to do. Seth
was waiting.

His room was on the other side of the building. She quickly covered
the distance, once again announcing her arrival before she got there.

Meyer disconnected himself as he acknowledged Natalie’s signal. It was
time for a break and to stretch his arms and legs. He paused his research
and stood as she entered, glad to have the chance to stop and to look at
her. Talking to her did not enter his mind. Meyer was so used to being
on his own, to no-one wanting to talk to him, that he went days, sometimes
weeks without speaking.

Natalie nodded as she approached him. It was a bobbing curtsey, almost
a bow, of an acknowledgement. She suddenly felt overawed by his massive
presence. He dipped his head in reply but said nothing. She smiled as hard
as she could behind the mask of her one-piece suit but knew it was useless.

On a wild whim, she lowered the range of her transmitter and said, “I
am smiling at you, Seth Meyer!”

Meyer gaped from behind his own faceplate. It surprised him that she
had told him this, but also that she was actually smiling at him. The servile
tone of her voice had never suggested anything to him. He’d assumed that
she was just another CloHab worker going about her business in an efficient
way. He stared at the featureless red circles that were her eyes.

“And I, at you, Natalie.” He ventured, cautiously, thinking that he
did not know her family name. For some reason, Habitat workers never had
their inherited name on their electronic signature.

It would take mere seconds to find it out. A simple command would reveal
more than she would probably care to disclose, but Meyer elected not to
abuse his Investigators access and privileges and blurted, “What is your
full name, Natalie? Where are you from? Tell me about you…”

Nat was surprised but pleased that he asked this. Why did he want to
know that? She was still wondering as she answered “Natalie Denison. Earth
born and bred. I do not have a middle name, my parents didn’t believe in
it. They told me that it was ‘hanging a tag on a person’ and there was
something about an old aunt that they despised, that my family wanted me
named after…

“Apparently, my Ma and Da were written out of the will for refusing
to name me after the old bag… Such is life.

“We were born in Oxford, England. I’ve never been off-planet. I’ve worked
as an Orbital Arranger, a horticulturalist, process worker and I did a
few years in the mines as a lugger… That was because I couldn’t enter the
Marine… “

Natalie stopped talking, fearing that she was rambling and possibly
boring the man before her.

Meyer nodded, interested in what she saying, but more from eagerness
to keep her talking. He suddenly felt the loneliness and isolation of his
life. 
They both remained silent, thinking of their respective histories.
She, of the “twitchy heart valve” as the medico had called it that had
prevented her from being conscripted. He, of the murky and secret past
that had led him to don the faceless and emotionless persona of Seth Meyer. 
He gave himself a mental slap to bring him from the reverie he had
entered and asked, “You said ‘We were born in Oxford…’ We? “

Natalie smiled behind her mask. “Yes. We. I have a twin sister, Natalya.
She’s a Corporal Senior Grade in the First Cav.” She explained, proud to
mention that her twin was a marine in the Allied Earth Colonial Marine’s
premier formation. “I think she’s on the border at the moment…”

Without thinking, Seth mentioned that he had been a marine… Once upon
a time.

Instantly, he regretted it. Reference to his past was something that
he was not allowed. Scant few knew of the deeds and details of ‘Seth Meyer’,
as he was now known. Fewer still, knew that he was still alive... mostly.

He quickly changed the subject back to her. “And now?...”

“And now… I work here. Serving you.” Natalie summarised, feeling awkward
but extremely submissive to this man in black.

“I appreciate it. …and enjoy it, Natalie Denison.” He blurted.

Natalie held the drink container out and, unusually, knelt to fit it
to Meyer’s fluid intake receptacle. He stepped back slightly, ready to
defend against an attack, but realised what she was doing and forced himself
to remain still. No one had the chance to tamper with Seth Meyers’ ensemble
since he had joined the Habitat. He felt suddenly very vulnerable and liberated
at the same time. Nothing ventured, nothing gained.

Natalie removed the cap of the collapsible container, inserted it to
the appropriate fixture and opened the tube. She boldly held onto Seth’s
body to steady her as she stood. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. She
thought as she gingerly slid her hands off his tight muscular form.

Seth felt the electric touch of her hands and imagined them all over
his body. He did not picture skin-on-skin contact, but suit-on-suit caressing
and massaging closeness. Out of shyness and uncertainty, Meyer merely thanked
her and resumed his seat at the console.

Natalie instantly moved to assist him, taking the data-link umbilical
and attempting to attach it to his shoulder receptacle. “No. It goes here,
Nat… excuse me, 
Natalie. It provides faster interface.”

“I understand.” She moved to the waist mounted point, placing a hand
on his rippling stomach as she connected the cable. On a whim, she smoothed
any wrinkles, real or imagined, before standing back and asking if there
was anything else he might require.

“Perhaps you might tidy and dust the area, before you go…” Seth answered,
desperate for her to stay but aware of the fact she had work to perform.

“As you wish, Seth Meyer.”

Nat took a vac-wand from a hidden compartment by the door and slowly
worked her way around the small booth. She hoped that there were no dust
particles in the room; that he was just trying to keep her within sight.
The room was cleaned by a robot, and inspected before being classified
as ready for occupation! She made a point of keeping a straight back and
being rather prim and proper as she carried out her task.

Meyer found it hard to concentrate on the search program he was running,
with the lithe form of Natalie moving around before him. For the first
time in a long time, he felt a stirring in his loins. It wasn’t the usual
pressure release he occasionally had, but genuine longing for a partner.
She had a fine figure and he found it was easy to talk her. Meyer wondered
if she had a lifestyle-partner. He half-watched her and kept an eye on
the data displayed in his faceplate. A notable point took his attention,
dragging his mind back to the investigation at hand.

“Is there anything else I could do for you, Seth Meyer? Another drink,
perhaps… something to eat?” Natalie resisted her foremost thoughts. A massage?
How about I climb on top of you and fuck you senseless?

Meyer was rapidly making notes on associations and links between suspects
and did not acknowledge her query.

Natalie nodded that bobbing curtsey and left the room, unaware of the
importance of his mission.

Meyer looked up from his collation of information and cursed in a way
that would shame his Formalist parents, teachers and Elders. Good-damnation,
hell and buggery, shit, fuck and cunt! She has gone… A quick look at his
time display told Seth that Natalie had been out of the tiny room for hours.
Thinking, told him she would have been finished her shift for a few hours…
Bugger!

He smiled at the use of the favourite curse of his old Special Forces
unit, but couldn’t bring himself to think some of the more colourful phrases.
He made a point to continue his fraternisation with this young lady as
he readied for a foray into the outside world and the continuation of his
assigned mission.

Ten days later...

Meyer left the Area Enforcement Building and, not for the first time,
wished he could rub a hand over his tired face. His helmet faceplate denied
this small luxury as he strode through the parks and landing spaces surrounding
the pyramidal structure. He contemplated the idea of divesting himself
of his entire CloHab outfit and lying in a spa for a long while. It had
been years since he had been totally naked, outside of his suit, for other
than changing it for repairs to be carried out.

The recent riots and security crackdowns had kept him more than busy
as he watched the suspect elements of the Enforcement Branch. Twice Molotov
Cocktails had set him on fire. Bricks, punches, and kicks had battered
his body, covered in bruises, as he stepped into the fray. He was not obliged
to assist the Enforcement Mediating Officers he was observing, but a moral
code had him step into the midst of several violent incidents. A professional
pride glowed within him that he had not drawn a weapon during the hectic
period, although he had been shot at least thrice.

Seth set a course for the 53rd Sanctuary. In the back of his mind he
had the thought and hope he might see Natalie there. She had appeared in
his head several times during the moments between the running battles waged
between Earths citizenry and elements of Allied Earths government. He had
hoped she was safe but had no more time, or energy, to dwell on anything
more.

“Seth Meyer. I have taken the liberty to arrange a secure room and medical
facilities for you. Are you fit? What assets do you require?”

Meyer grinned a tired and relieved grin at the sound of Gloria Portric,
the Sanctuary’s Primary Host. He was still four hundred and fifty-three
metres away from the entrance.

An automatic alert highlighted Natalie’s position as she left the Sanctuary,
now three hundred metres away. Disappointment overrode exhaustion and lack
of anything to say. Meyer wondered if she was taking a lunch break. Unlikely.
Why would she leave the Sanctuary?

“Yes, thank you, Gloria Portric.” He replied, still watching the cool
curves of Nat until she disappeared in the crowd. He contemplated asking
Portric about the girl but could not bring himself to do it.

For the first time in a long time, Seth Meyer was as naked as the day
he was born. His suit, minus the weaponry and classified equipment, was
recharging and being repaired by an in-house technician as he lay in a
deep hot spa. He looked down at the distorted image of his body. Mottled
blue and gold patches marked the impact of thrown missiles, dark black
and painful points were indicators of the three gunshot wounds and the
efficiency of his body armour. He tenderly stroked one area on his right
thigh as he lifted his leg from the seething water. He suspected the injury
to be from a hypervelocity 4mm round, a badly aimed one at that, from the
way it had shattered the plate of armour between his knee and hip. A cynical
snort was a memory of the same type of bullet that had removed most of
his knee, so many years ago. The chrome joint glinted dully in the low
light. His report to McCreedy and Area Intelligence had highlighted the
point of the rioters using the typically Raskosian ammunition that had
caused the deaths of five Mediating officers. They would probably be revived,
as they had been placed in cryo-stasis within minutes of sustaining the
mortal wounds, but dead is dead. Meyer knew this from bitter experience.
He’d been killed at least twice, so far.

He lowered the sore leg back into the chemically healing liquid and
sighed. There was a slight relief that he had none of the sharp stinging
associated with the breaking of skin, only the dull throb of traumatically
compressed flesh. “Pain reminds you that you are still alive” He recalled
many of his instructors and mentors telling him. A sound, real or imagined,
had him glance at the pair of Hektar Modelle Acht 10mm automatics he always
had at hand. His privately owned Blebidger .90cal recoilless, with its
wantonly destructive, high explosive rounds was hanging on the wall, out
of reach. He paused, closed his “good” eye and rested his head on the vibrating
pillow.

“Lights, off. Sound, calming, low.” Soft ephemeral music of his favourite
composer wafted through the thick atmosphere of the bathroom. He relaxed
his mind to reduce the input from the cybernetic eye that filled his right
socket. It came with the Myomar jaw muscles, high impact plastic mandible,
replacement cheekbone and several sections of new skull. Dead is dead,
but I’m still here… One way or another.

A soft chime raised his consciousness. Seth had not quite been asleep,
but neither could he remember the previous few hours. “Identify.”

“Natalie Denison. I have your suit. It is repaired and recharged, Seth.”

A display on the wall confirmed her statement. His heart leapt to his
throat. Several thoughts flooded his head as he automatically placed a
hand on his pistol. How long had he been unaware? He glanced at the display,
also checking the date. She is here! Natalie. He slightly moved each part
of his body in a stock-take of his physiology. Still whole… and not as
painful. He felt somewhat refreshed, but still battle worn. His one remaining
eyebrow rose as he thought, “She cannot see me like this!”

Meyer forced himself to calm. “Thank you, Natalie Denison. Leave it
in the antechamber. I will be with you soon.”

What!? Why did you say that, Seth? Nevertheless, Meyer felt emboldened
and truthful for admitting that he wanted to see the sweet young lady.
She had obviously made a point of collecting his CloHab uniform for him
and brought it to him. He shook his head, rubbed his eye and stretched.

“Very well, Seth Meyer. Do you require anything?” Natalie answered,
worrying that she had only used his given name.

“No, thank you. I will be out soon.”

Uncomfortably naked, bereft of the formfitting black skin he had worn
since his last change of identity; Meyer stood in the dryer and consolidated
his thoughts. The Enforcement Crew he was investigating was on an extended
rest period. He had completed any reports and returns that were required
and cleaned and serviced his armoury before he had sunk into the healing
spa. His mind kept wandering back to the thought of Natalie. Somehow, he
knew she would not be far away.

Once dry, he took up the baggy black suit and inspected it. The scuffmarks
and dirt of the previous few days were removed, the seals between wrist
and gloves, repaired. An indicator told him that the onboard batteries
were reformed and fully charged. His utility harness and boots were also
showing fully functional and were in immaculate order. Only his helmet
and body armour were at less than optimal standard, but that would require
the care of a Justice or Defence Department Armament Technician. The shattered
sections of the body armour reminded him of the still tender, blunt trauma
inflicted to his powerful body. Scratches on his helmet were glancing blows
from bricks and clubs. One indent looked like the ricochet of a 10mm round.
Fratricidal fire? He contemplated.

With practised ease, he pulled the suit over his feet and lower legs.
When the “bag”, as the suit was nicknamed when he was in the Allied Earth
Special Forces, was at his waist, he inserted the plumbing into his arse
and fitted the sheath to his penis. After sliding his arms into the sleeves,
a shrug soon had the garment over his shoulders and ready to close. The
sliders pulled the suit closer and enveloped his neck. Gloves and balaclava
were next, before powering-up the suit.

A press to the left forearm mounted keypad started the circuitry of
the “anti-suit” and the garment contracted to his exact dimensions as it
initiated the bio-supportive functions. A pleasant grunting groan, so common
amongst Enforcement and Colonial Marine Special Forces, emitted from deep
within his being as the suit adjusted to his size and temperature and began
its tender cycles.

Meyer slipped his feet into ex-marine issue MB469 boots as he looked
in the mirror. He wondered, and almost worried, at who could love a face
like his. The harsh scarring that was the right hand side of his face was
covered with only enough Myomar flesh to allow speech; not smiling or even
grimacing. His real lips finished two thirds of the way across his mouth,
the remainder plastic and artificial that allowed him to talk without lisping
or impediment. Spots of white or surgi-chrome showed through where the
skin had not fully taken. What real skin that was there, was bright pink
and taut. A pale grey eye stared at a silver and grey mechanical counterpart.

The helmet was last. It transformed Seth into “Seth Meyer” as most people
knew him. The black faceplate covered his face and emotions. The gloss
ridges covered and protected the remainder of his hooded head and mounted
many receivers and pickups. The helmet completed his extraction from the
outside world. It provided food, water, temperature regulated air, data
streaming and sensory input far beyond the abilities of the mere mortal
being.

The helmet turned on as soon as the neck seal fastened in place. A rapid
blinking test display scrolled up the inside of the dark full-face visor.
Preset data displays appeared centrally and moved to appropriate locations
within the armoured laminate.

Meyer looked at his damaged body armour and decided not to wear it.
He would request a Justice Department courier to collect it for repair,
later. A wide belt and chest harness held pouches, powerpaks, holsters,
hyd-paks and additional data storage and handling devices. These he would
not do without. A swift motion had the kit on and secure before he looked
at his reflection in the mirror. By feel rather than sight, the data devices
snapped into place at three points.

The gloss black, featureless, powerful image that stared back at him
was the only image of the man inside that anyone had seen of Seth Meyer
for over a decade. Totally covered by the Government Issue version of the
CloHab suits, he was totally protected and concealed from the outside environment.
He nodded slowly, safe and comfortable once again in anonymity.

Essentially a shy man, Seth braced himself and placed a personal call,
on the Sanctuary internal net, to Natalie. She answered instantly.

“Do you have a room ready for me, Natalie?” He asked, feeling game that
he had dropped the formal use of her full name.

“Yes, sir.” She sent the room number directly to his visor display.

It was not his usual accommodation, but a suite arranged by the ever
willing Zana. Her co-worker had talked Natalie into having a few drinks
in a seedy bar after a shift and gradually shifted the conversation around
to Meyer. Too drunk and tired to care, Nat had admitted that she “had a
thing for Meyer” and Zana, equally drunk, had promised to help. She made
Natalie promise that she would go along with her schemes. Only after Natalie
had given her word, had Zana revealed that she had once been a relaxation
volunteer and knew quite a bit about tempting the members of the Closed
Habitat.

“It’s all about Domination” she declared, “They either want to dominate,
or be dominated!”

Natalie had her doubts but wanted to hear more.

“If you get your Seth Meyer into a room, with the kit, it will go one
way or the other. All you have to do is assess which and play along.” She
went on, diplomatically and carefully explaining what could happen, how,
and why, in her opinion, they were a turn-on to men and women. She waxed
eloquently, about the various roles and fantasies that she had carried
out as a relaxation volunteer. Together they had formulated a plan for
Natalie, upon Seth Meyer’s return.

Seth looked at the signal and frowned with uncertainty. He knew that
that area of the Sanctuary had large beds and ensuites. It was for ‘less
than dedicated members’ that did not wear the CloHab garb fulltime. Nevertheless,
he thanked Natalie and made his way to the allocated room.

The door opened before he got there…

Natalie sat, nervous but demure, on a seat in the opposite corner of
the room. Meyer entered and instantly drew his weapons at the realisation
that the room was being electronically suppressed.

“Seth!” She cried.

“Don’t move!” He scanned the room, visually and with every sensor he
had.

Natalie froze, not knowing what was going on. Meyer prowled the suite,
checking blind corners and hidden spaces. He sent an alert to the Sanctuary
Host, informing them of the infringement.

“Seth Meyer, it is OK. Be calm. The room is secure. It has been arranged
for your comfort and relaxation. I authenticate…” Gloria Portric returned.
“The room has been reset to the default setting.”

Meyer verified her authentication and opened a private channel with
Portric. They conversed briefly then Meyer replaced his weapons in their
holsters. “I am sorry, Natalie Denison. I was alarmed at the electronic
atmosphere of this environment. It was an automatic response. I meant no
offence!” 
Natalie did not move.

“You can put your arms down now, Natalie Denison. I mean no harm, you
are no threat.”

Nat lowered her hands and very slowly turned to face him. “I thought
you would like…”

She slumped into a chair and held her head in her hands. I’ve blown
it!... She thought.

Meyer felt stupid, awkward and foolish. It dawned on him that she was
trying to look after his best interests. You idiot!

“Seth, I..”

“Natalie…”

They both stopped and waited for the other to speak, and then both tried
to talk at once.

“It’s just…”

“I thought…”

They paused, realised the ludicrous situation, and laughed.

“You first, Natalie. Or would you like me to re-enter… without the weaponry?”
Seth offered.

Natalie lowered her eyes, smiled, and shook her head. “No.”

She stood, ordered the door closed and locked, and walked over to him.
She stood very close.

Meyer felt no compulsion to move away; instead, he placed a hand on
each hip and ever so slightly pulled her to him.

Nat equalled his bravery by holding him by the waist and pressing her
body to him. They stood, unsure as to where to go next, but revelling in
the closeness they both longed for.

“Seth Meyer… Seth… I hope I was not too forward in arranging this… room,
for you. I did not mean to… It’s just that…” She broke away, held his hands
and looked into his eyes. All she saw was the obsidian curve of his faceplate,
and her own reflection, equally featureless and blank except for her emotional
outpouring.

Meyer said nothing, trying to gather his thoughts and collect his fleeting
feelings, too stunned that such a lovely and intelligent lady would be
interested in him.

Natalie tried to transmit her feelings, she wanted to let him know
how she felt, but did not know how, without possibly scaring him off. She
sensed his timidity and could understand how he felt. She felt herself
out on a very thin branch and was scared to go further.

“Natalie… I… I like you a lot.” Meyer blurted, suddenly. “I enjoy your
company.”

OK! Here we go… Natalie thought, dreading the next part. She imagined
the rest… “I think you’re really sweet, but…”

“I think you are very sweet, but…” Meyer continued, “…but I do not know
how to express it. I would like to spend more time with you. I would like
to have you as a partner. I would very much like to sleep with you.” Meyer
shocked himself by actually saying what he was thinking. He stepped back
and turned away in disgrace and shame. He had unleashed his innermost thoughts
and feelings. He felt utterly bare and defenceless.

Nat did an invisible double-take behind her favourite faceplate. Did
I just hear what I thought he said? She stood back and wondered if she
had been worrying about nothing. For fucks sake, Nat, don’t let this guy
go!

“Seth?” She stood close behind him, but careful not to stand too close,
for fear of being too forward. “Seth, look at me.”

He turned slowly, pleased but a bit shocked to find her so close to
him. Abruptly, he recalled Gloria Portric’s last words and ordered “EmCon:
Local. Privacy: Total!” It was the first time he could recall using the
command.

In a distant chamber, Zana said “Damnation! It was just getting good.”

Gloria Portric smiled invisibly and nodded. “Yes, Zana. But I think
that your little problem has been fixed, don’t you?”

“Yes. I think you are right, Gloria. I think you are right…”
