---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam's Diary 5&6
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- MF-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Sam's Diary 3&4**](sams_diary02.html))_

_Sam's Diary
by Studbound
Sam's Diary by Studbound_

_Chapter 5 May 28,
2000_

_To my Diary,_

_So far my aunt and Derek have tied me up
four times and it's been fun - even this last time which I'll now write
about. This last time was different._

_As the college year ended and final exams
came, I looked forward to the inevitable parties that would celebrate the
occasion. Especially since I was due to graduate, I was ready to party
My father never let me attend such parties when I was in high school because
he said there was always trouble and drinking, and he wanted me to stay
home and my step-mother was even more insistent that I not go to "wild
parties.".  I figured my aunt and Derek would not know the difference,
and this year I would go and take my girl friend too. Nothing was said
about tying me up for a while but I didn't care because there were finals
and reports to finish and so I was very busy with school work._

_The last week in May, right after the Memorial
Day vacation, was the last week of finals. Thursday was graduation, and
my family had a party to note my graduation. Friday, June first was the
first vacation day. When I got up, tired from the events of the night before,
Derek was there alone. He congratulated me being officially a college graduate.
We chatted about a few other things - family news and so on.  Then
she said, "By the way, I don't want to spoil his surprise, but your aunt
has bought a few more toys to use when she ties you up - a kind of graduation
gift. She's excited about them and she may even want to have you try some
things on just to see if they fit and work. Go along with her if she does
- she is really getting a kick out of this 'hobby' the two of you have
gotten into. I think I like to see you all tied up too," he added. with
a smile. "You do you still want us to tie you up now and then don't you?"
he asked._

_"Oh yes," I said. "I really enjoy it. The
more the better. Besides, we have a non-revocable agreement don't we? Will
she tie me up again soon?"_

_He said he didn't know for sure. I said
that I would go along with my aunt, curious about what she might be up
to. She clearly liked surprises._

_After lunch, Derek and I swam for a while.
Then late in the afternoon we dried ourselves off, and while I was still
in my speedo swim suit, he sent me into the den where my aunt waited for
me. There she had a box that I had never seen before._

_"Bee-bee," she said (Bee-bee is her and
Derek's nickname for me - short for Bondage Boy - she calls me Bee-bee
the TAG Kid - that's for Tied And Gagged), "I have some things here that
I would like to show you. Are you interested and do you have a few minutes?"_

_"Sure," I said. I was free for the afternoon
as the graduation party I was going to wasn't until after dinner._

_My aunt pulled out a large tan canvas bag-like
thing out of the box - only it wasn't a bag and it had lots of straps._

_"Do you know what it is?" she asked._

_"Not sure," I said._

_"Put out your arms in front of you," she
said._

_I did, and she moved the canvas so that
I could see that there were arm holes into which I put my arms. My aunt
went behind me and began fixing the straps which attached with Velcro,
pulling the thing around me. I then quickly realized that it was a straitjacket.
Wow, I was excited. She worked to pull all the straps into place so that
my arms were tightly hugging my body. She had fun kidding me about how
tight she would pull the two crotch straps, but got them into place comfortably,
holding the jacket down. More straps went over my hands in front and one
went around my upper arms really locking them in place. She explained that
the Velcro would allow anyone to get the jacket off in a hurry in case
of an emergency._

_"Well," she said, "what do you think?"_

_"It's neat," I said. "I've never been in
a straitjacket before."_

_"Try to move around and get out," she said._

_She laughed as I wasted time and energy
trying to get out of the jacket._

_"Let's try on the other things," she said._

_My aunt pulled out a strange leather thing
out of the box, and said that it was a leg binder. She put it on my legs
and it held them tightly together from the ankles to above my knees. The
binders closed with Velcro also. It had a few silver rings on it here and
there. My aunt said the rings could be used to tie me to things. Then she
got something else out of the box._

_"This is a gag," she said. "It's supposed
to be a good one - better than the ball gag that I used on you a while
back. The bulb here (she pointed to it) goes into your mouth and fills
it up. Do you want to try it on?"_

_"You bet," I said._

_"So, open your mouth."_

_My aunt put the large leather bulb into
my mouth and it really did fill my mouth. The bulb was attached to a wide
leather strap that wrapped around my face which it covered from my nose
to my chin. My aunt fastened the Velcro strap that held the gag in place.
She again told me that using Velcro made quick removal of the gag possible
in case of problems. More straps went up on either side of my nose and
over my head - from them straps went around my forehead to the back of
my head. The one over my head fastened down in the back. A final strap
went under my chin and held my mouth firmly closed, clamped against the
bulb._

_"Well," said my aunt stepping back, "how
about that?  Looks good."_

_"Mmmmmmmph" was about all I could say._

_Derek was in the room now, watching. He
had my aunt's camera with him and handed it to her._

_"He looks fine," she said. "All wrapped
up and no place to go." She laughed. "I like the gag." She took a few pictures
from different angles._

_"Do you think you would like to spend a
while in this gear sometime?" Derek asked._

_"Mmmmm Mmmmm" I said, nodding my head._

_"Good," said Derek. Because you are going
to remain in it until Monday!"_

_"Uummmmmm Mmm Mmm Mmm," I tried to say,
going no, no, no._

_"Yes, Yes, Yes," said Derek._

_"You see," said my aunt, "your father made
us promise that you would stay here and not go to any of those graduation
drinking parties that some of the boys have at the end of the school year.
So much binge drinking among college students - not good. They don't want
you to get into any trouble and we agree. And so Derek and I now have you
bound and gagged and you will stay in the straitjacket that way until Monday
morning, right here, safe and sound. And you will wear the gag most of
the time too."_

_"If you want," Derek added, "You can consider
yourself a prisoner or a kidnap victim. I guess that's about what you are."_

_I was really angry, and I struggled with
the straitjacket and made all the noise I could into the gag. Derek left
the room, returning pushing one of the large kitchen chairs that has wheels.
They made me sit on the chair, and they used the rope to tie me to the
chair._

_I did everything I could to beg them to
release me, but nothing worked. I even tried tears, but Derek said only,
"Nice try Bee-bee, but we know you love being tied up, and there's no way
you can get us to let you go. We won't release you until we're ready. and
nothing you can do will change that!"._

_At dinner time, Derek pushed the chair
into the kitchen and put me at the table._

_"Now, I'm going to remove the gag so that
we can feed you," he said. "But one word and on goes the gag and there
it stays."_

_He took off the gag, and no sooner was
it out of my mouth when I started, "Please let me go - please, I really
want to go with my ..... ummppppfffff," interrupted as the gag went back
into place with Derek tightly fastening the straps and cinching them in
place. I never had a chance to explain about my date with my girl friend,
Julie, and that she would be waiting._

_"No dinner for Bee-bee tonight," said Derek._

_"Pity," said my aunt. "But I guess he prefers
to chew on the gag to a meal."_

_I fought and struggled, but of course it
did no good. Derek saw to it that I could go to the bathroom, but I stayed
bound to the chair until bed time. Then they wheeled the chair into their
bedroom, and left me there. So I stayed there trussed up and gagged. And
I spent the rest of the night tightly tied up and gagged._

_In the morning, Derek took me to the bathroom,
releasing me from the chair and undoing the crotch straps of the straitjacket.
Then he refastened things and took me to the kitchen._

_"I'll remove the gag," he said. "But one
word and no breakfast either."_

_I didn't say anything because I was really
hungry, and so I got breakfast. As soon as it was over, Derek regagged
me with the leather gag fastening the Velcro straps tightly, and then he
untied me from the chair. They untied my legs, and my aunt said that I
had the freedom of the house but would remain in the straitjacket and gag.
It was clear that I wasn't going anywhere._

_They ungagged me again for lunch and there
was a bathroom break. Then my aunt gave Derek a list of errands to run.
He asked me if I would like to go along for the ride._

_"Mmmmmm Mmmmmm Mmmm," I said, trying to
say "Untie me."_

_"Don't understand you if you won't speak
clearly," Derek laughed._

_"Take him along," my aunt said. "He needs
to get out of the house for a while and it will be easier for you to watch
him than it would be for me here because I've got a lot of things to do."_

_Derek led me out to the garage. He opened
the back door to their SUV, and had me sit in the middle seat. There he
tied my legs, put on a seat belt, and used more rope to really truss-me
up in the seat. When he was done, I could hardly move, sitting there fastened
to the seat so securely. The SUV has tinted windows on the sides, so I
guess he and my aunt figured nobody would see me. Once I was secure inside,
my aunt showed up with her camera and photographed the scene._

_We drove all around, to the store (Derek
went inside leaving me in the SUV only briefly), to the gas station, to
the post office, and to some other shops where Derek picked up things.
While we were parked along the street, I saw one of my friends, and he
walked right next to the SUV so close that if I hadn't been tied up and
gagged, I could have reached out and touched him or yelled to him. I wanted
to laugh at what he might think if he could see me sitting there watching
him so securely bound up and gagged. I wondered how much fun he and the
others were having at the parties that I was missing. Altogether Derek
and I were gone for over two hours._

_Back home, Derek released me from the SUV,
and I went into the house, free again to wander around in my straitjacket
and gag._

_We had dinner around 6:30 (I kept quiet
and ate this time) followed by another bathroom break. I have to admit,
Derek and aunt were good about seeing that I was comfortable while tied
up. While they watched television that evening, I was hog-tied on the floor.
Then, after the news, the bathroom, and then I was retied to the chair
in their bedroom with a blindfold added. And there I spent the second night
bound and with the leather gag in place. Derek said he didn't want to be
wakened in the night again unless it was an emergency. I slept a lot the
second night and it was really interesting to wake up suddenly and realize
that I was still tied up._

_In the morning, Derek took me to the kitchen,
after the bathroom. They took off the gag for breakfast and they didn't
put it back on. Derek said that they would completely untie me after a
while. I stayed only in the straitjacket for a while. Just before Noon,
they took that off too._

_The first thing I needed was a shower -
I had sweat a lot in the strait jacket and both it and I really smelled
bad. My aunt said she would have to wash the straitjacket as it was awful._

_I was angry about missing the parties,
and curious to know what I missed. My friends asked me where I had been
- that I missed some great times. A couple of parties were raided by police,
and two guys I know ended up in jail at least briefly. I was said that
I had missed all the fun but at least I got to spend the weekend tied up
thinking that I was a prisoner. I liked that. I've decided that I am still
very happy with my arrangement with my aunt and Derek. Derek said that
he thought it a little unusual for someone to like to be tied up and for
as long at a time as I do - most of the people we read about only are tied
up for an hour or two. We talked about it for a long time, and I tried
to express to them how I felt when I was tied up, and how I liked to struggle
and try to talk with the gag in place and that I found it a pleasurable
experience. I like not knowing how long I'll be tied up, and to be surprised.
My aunt surprised me when she said that sooner or later we would need to
let my parents know about this and risk their disapproval. I said I hoped
they would keep this a secret as I was sure that my parents would be upset
by it._

_It's hard to express the fun of being tied
up. It still strikes me as strange that I like being tied up and gagged,
and I don't understand why, but I sure do and I guess I'm lucky to have
found a safe way to do it. This time was the longest that I have been tied
up, and I loved it although I hated missing the parties. ._

_I can hardly wait until I find myself bound
and gagged somewhere again. And I know that with my aunt and Derek, I'm
now more safe than before._

_Sam_

_Chapter 6 June 3,
2000_

_To my Diary,_

_I wrote a few days ago about how my aunt
and Derek tied me up in a straitjacket and kept me bound and gagged at
the start of summer vacation so that I couldn't attend any drinking end-of-the-school-year-graduation
parties. I stayed with my aunt and Derek for a while, looking a bit for
a job near the college, and waiting for my grades. On Thursday, Derek got
up early in the morning, and had to go to a meeting which kept him away
all day. I had some friends over, and we swam in the pool and had a good
time. They left before dinner._

_At dinner Derek said that he wasn't feeling
well, and that after eating, he would go directly to bed. My aunt said
she was really tired, but that she would watch television for a while in
the den. I finished up the dishes, my chore, and joined my aunt in the
den. Before I could sit, she said, "Bee-bee, go to your room and strip
down to your jockey briefs - no, better yet, your jockstrap - and come
back and I'll tie you up for a while.. The tie-up will be something simple,
because I'm bushed."_

_I hurried to undress and got back quickly
My aunt had me put out my hands in front of me, and she tied them with
one piece of rope - firmly with the rope going around side to side, and
then cinching it between my wrists to secure the rope tightly._

_"That's not much of a tie," I said. I can
undo it with my teeth._

_"Well," said my aunt, "if you get free
from this, you can tie me up any time any way you want for as long as you
want. How about that?"_

_"It's a deal," I said._

_My aunt smiled, and put the red ball-gag
into my mouth, bucking the strap firmly behind my head. I showed her how
I could reach up with my hands and get to the buckle without much trouble
even though it was behind my head. She laughed._

_My aunt took me to the corner of the room
where she had Derek's exercise equipment - a treadmill and some weights.
She had me sit on the floor and put my bound arms on either side of my
knees and pushed them down toward my ankles. Then she took the metal bar
that usually held weights and slipped it over my bent elbows and under
my knees. I now realized that with the bar there, I could not reach my
face with my hands. She put a small weight on each side of the bar and
slipped them until they touched my arms, one on each side. Then she used
the little lock-weight to fasten the small weights in place - keeping me
from slipping the bar out and freeing myself. It was simple, but I knew
I was well bound and would probably not be able to escape._

_My aunt then lay back on her recliner chair,
and returned to her program. It was about seven o'clock and she was watching
Jeopardy._

_I was in one far corner of the room, unable
to move around much, but I could see my aunt and the television set. After
a while, I realized that she had gone to sleep, laying there with her mouth
open, snoring softly. So I would have to wait until she woke up to be freed
or moved or anything. The tie-up wasn't the most comfortable, but it was
OK. The gag kept me from making much noise, and I didn't know if she would
even hear me over the sound from the television set._

_I sat there for over three hours, waiting
- not able to do much else. I have found that I like being tied up for
long periods at a time, so it wasn't any problem. She slept though all
of the programs, and into the news. Then the news ended and a movie started,
and still my aunt was asleep, stirring a little from time to time giving
me hope that she would wake up, but she didn't._

_Finally, at just before Midnight (I had
been bound for five hours by then), she groggily got up, rubbed her eyes,
looked at the clock, slowly moved toward the television set rather unsteadily,
turned it off, and looked over at me. She came over and released one side
of the bar the held me, pulled out the bar and helped me stand, arms still
tied in front. She took me to the bathroom. Then we returned to the den
where she had me sit again, put the bar back and fastened it.._

_I thought, she won't leave me this way
all night. But she did, returning to the chair with a blanket where she
went back to sleep. It was Derek who found me early the next day - really
stiff, sore, and badly needing the bathroom. He removed the weights and
the bar, and untied my hands. I removed the gag - my mouth was really sore.
I headed for the bathroom pronto while he woke up my sleeping aunt._

_At breakfast my aunt apologized for leaving
me so long. We laughed about it, and I said that I had enjoyed it very
much, which was true. They decided I was either crazy, a good sport, or
that I really did love being tied up and gagged. My aunt said that there
would be no more time for bondage before I had to return home - which I
had to do as I hadn't found a job near the college - and she hoped I would
have a nice summer. I thanked her and Derek again for being understanding,
for helping me with my new hobby. I wondered when or if he and my aunt
would tie me up again. Should it happen, I'll write about it but it may
be a while._

_Sam.
. 
**[Sam's
Diary continues in part seven](sams_diary04.html)**
03.06.02

story continues in [**Sam's Diary 7&8**](sams_diary04.html)

o0o
