---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Sarak 3: Sarak''s New Venture'
authors:
- Gryphon
tags:
- M-f+
- F-m
- ponygirls
- harness
- bitgag
- boots
- tails
- naked
- outdoors
- transform
- sex
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-03-09 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Sarak 2: Sarak learns about Ponygirls**](sarak2.html))

**Part 3: Sarak's New Venture**

All the ponies had spent a restful night, all complete
and safe within themselves and with their new master, whilst Sarak himself had
slept a deep and eventful night, full of prancing ponygirls, and sexual
dalliances. He woke in the morning, and
after splashing water on his face, he again went in search of apples for the
ponies, pausing on his way to relieve himself, and noticing that this morning
his penis looked bigger than normal.
Strange he thought, staring at himself as he urinated into the bushes,
watching the steady flow coming from what was now a hardening of his shaft and
a tightening of his scrotum. The last
drops of urine were now being forced down the length of his penis, hard and straight
out before him. Trying to ignore this
fact he carried on to the apple trees with a huge bulge forced into his
breaches, and there managed to collect enough apples to feed the ponygirls.

By his return he was almost flaccid again, although on seeing these six
beautiful ponygirls before him, he again hardened and burst out from his
breaches. The first pony turned her rump
towards him, looking over her shoulder, and flicking her rump managed to loop
her tail up and out of the way, as Sarak walked forward and entered her warm
and wet tunnel in one deep plunge. He
groaned at the feeling and she neighed loudly as she felt him all through her
insides, then forced herself back against his hardness as between them they set
up a steady rocking motion before Sarak came.

Sarak took two steps back away from the first
ponygirl, and the next in line quickly dropped to her knees behind the exposed
rump and the wet dribbling vagina in front of her face. She leant forward savouring the wetness of
her sister pony, tongue flicking out and licking the cum from her legs, licking
the cum as it slipped out between the pink enflamed lips, then burying her face
into the ponygirl in front, her tongue straining forward to reach the clitoris,
allowing the pony to come herself, and with a scream through her mouthpiece,
she came and came.

Meanwhile as Sarak
watched this, two other ponies dropped to their knees on either side of his
still erect penis, and they licked him from both sides, removing all traces of
both his and the other ponies juices.
Sarak stood there as the two of them looked after him. Their mouths
sliding up and around him, and in turn taking him into their mouths and rolling
him around in their mouths. He was in
awe watching as the ponies serviced him and looked after each other, and in
fact it was the first release these girls had had for a long time, for they
were now away from the rigid controls of the Masan and were at last able to
show their true colours and feelings.

Half the morning had gone by the time Sarak decided
they should move on, and he quickly went about putting the ponygirls into their
now repaired and road worthy outfits, dressing them up with the bells and the
head feathers, and loading them with the repacked and weight shared
backpacks. The ponies literally champed
at the bit to get going, and as he fitted the trail rope through their
respective headgear, putting them together as a line, each one looked at him
with their large eyes and dropped their heads to rub against his
shoulders. They were showing their
appreciation of their new master and their willingness to serve him as they
best could. They left the trees and went
off down the road, heading towards the next village, and the start of his new
trading adventures with his own team of ponygirls.

\* \* \* \*

A month passed very quickly, a month where he had
traded at many villages, had bought and sold, and was currently well in pocket,
for each village he had managed to buy something that was value to the next
village, and thus his worth increased.
The ponygirls marched along with heads held high, for each day he
treated them properly, feeding them, taking them to their toilet, changing and
repairing the tack as required, and generally looking after them with a
respect, for they carried his new found wares and trading items. On occasion he had seen a bauble or a
gemstone that he had particularly liked, and now all the ponygirls had some
form of finery to show off.

The days passed quickly, and as the group marched
in line towards the next village, Sarak hummed a tune to himself, leading the
lead ponygirl by a rope with the rest marching along behind. As they improved in their well being with the
attention Sarak took to feed them and help them along, they grew in strength
and stature, their legs all pacing as one in tune and in harmony with each
other. He strode along, a different
person from what he had been a few weeks earlier, relishing in the sight of his
ponies, and as he walked, he talked to them, telling them how proud he was of them,
and how he was going to look after them.

Night was beginning to fall, and spying a ruin a
little distance from the roadway he led his troop over with the intention of
camping for the night. As he approached and seeing a wisp of smoke coming up,
realised the ruins were already tenanted.
Loosening his sword and knife he approached warily, until he could see
the small fire in the centre compound area, with an old woman sitting in close
attendance. She beckoned him in towards
the fire, and Sarak led the ponies around until they were sheltered under the
lee of a ruined wall.

He kept a worried
eye on the old lady, while he took the packs from the ponies and tied them to
various loose points for the night, then taking nose bags from one pack he
filled each with a sufficient amount of grain and dried fruit, before placing
them over each respective head. He also
placed a bowl on the ground and filled it with water from another of the packs,
leaving the girls harnessed until he had decided on whether to stay or not,
seeing the ruins were lived in by the old woman. Taking some bread and cheese from the pack
and a wine skin he went across and sat opposite the woman, offering her some
food and wine, whilst introducing himself.

She welcomed him to her fire and her ruins, and shared
the evening repast with Sarak, as the sun slipped beneath the horizon and
darkness fell all around. It was a bit later in the evening, that she asked
where was the Masan, the previous owner of the ponies, and why was there only
six now, for there had been seven a few months earlier when they had travelled
in the opposite direction. Realising
that the old woman knew of these ponygirls and the Masan, he told her the whole
truth of his battle with the Masan and his eventual inheritance of the girls. She in turn listened, and with only a few
nods and smiles encouraged him to divulge his story, and as they shared a small
drop of wine from a skin, the tale unfolded and became a drama to the old
woman.

When Sarak had finished the
telling she looked up at him sitting opposite through the haze of the smoke,
and she spoke with him on the needs and requirements of the ponygirls. She spoke of grooming and
toiletries, of correct tack and procedures in handling, of their abilities and
strengths in the carrying of the packs, and finally of their loyalties and
their hatreds. Then, whilst Sarak sat,
still, stunned at this turn of events, and the intricacies of ponygirl life
being unfolded and displayed before him by this old woman, she stood and walked
towards the ponygirls tied around the walls.

The girls saw her approaching, and with a tingle of
nerves they all started to move around and step away from her approach, their
shoulders tensing as she in turn grasped each mouth and inspected their teeth
around the mouth bits, stroked their buttocks and examined both the tack and
the way each pony was fitted within the leather straps. Sarak watched as she inspected all the
ponygirls, even down to the examination of their tails, and the respective butt
plugs, nudging each one around seeing the fitting was adequate. Then, with a look at Sarak, she started to
remove their packs, and when Sarak moved to help she stopped him with a hand
and a deliberate and scornful glance in his direction.

She removed all the packs, showing great strength
from within the bundled clothes she wore, not in one instance did she act the
age she appeared, and then in turn she removed all their respective tack, their
plugs, their mouthpieces, until they all stood there, quite naked and unadorned
in any way. The old woman motioned for
the girls to follow her, and she led them through a ruined doorway into a barn
behind where they had stood, and on returning she closed the door leaving them
behind. She returned to where Sarak
still sat by the fire, a look of stunned apprehension on his face, as he tried
to understand what had happened before him.

“I am Ki’Antha,” she started, “born of Kings and
Queens, cross bred through life, more animal than human, not old and still not
young. I am the last of my line, last of
the free Kishasa that once ran wild across this country, and the last of the
few that were once the proud and the true.”

As she spoke, Sarak watched in amazement as her aged
face changed and took on a more younger gleam, watched as her squat figure
lengthened and her back straightened, watched as she grew in stature and youth,
until before him stood a tall and beautiful woman with long flowing golden
hair. Then she stepped free from the old clothes and stood proudly
before him, naked and glorious.

Sarak could not help but gaze upon her tight up-thrusting breasts, the nipples hard and erect, and could not help but glance
down between her thighs where he espied a mound covered with golden hair, and a
faint hint of a parting beneath. He started
to heat from the pure woman before him, his manhood bulging. She turned and
walked away from the fire, his eyes rolling around and stroking his sight
across her taught buttocks. She stopped,
turned and walked back to stand over him, casting a shadow on him from the fire
at her back.

“Listen to me’” she said, “we of the Kishasa were
once bountiful across these plains, but the tribes of the Masan, caught us and
trained us to be mindless ponygirls and slaves to them, for we were once not as
you see, but running free, wind in our faces, grass on our feet, and only the
heavens and the stars as our masters. I
have searched many places, and many of the Masan, looking to rid ourselves of
this yoke, but until now, there has never been anyone other than a Masan in
charge of the ponygirls. You have broken
the run, you have become one with your charges, you have come to accept and
love each and everyone of those ponygirls you brought here, and they in turn
have come to love you.”

“Be aware though, that what you see, is the ponygirls
we have become, and be aware that our very selves have been changed by the
necessities of our capture and our living.
We are not what you see before you, we are not a two legged human, for
we are shape shifters as well, but as we transgressed through the years our
ability to change has escaped the remaining ponygirls, and as they descended
more and more into their servitude they forgot the ways and they remain as
ponygirls. But, within each one is the
ability to change, to shape shift into their real selves, and as the last of the
line of the free Kishasa, I have the ability to make the shape shift also. I
can, with your acceptance, allow my gift of shape shifting to release you and
also me, back to the plains and back to the Kishasa.”

“Inside the room, where I placed the ponygirls, lies
your future Sarak. Your future as the
Master of these ponies, if you so desire, for I can bring forth their
shape shifting abilities, and I can give you my gift of the shape shift so that
you too can become as one with the ponies.
You will learn the power of the shape shift, feel the ways of the
Kishasa, run with the night and lay with the beast. But, dear man, dear wonderful and human man,
this will change you forever, for the Kishasa are now and will be forever, and
yet, tonight is now and only now.”

At that last comment, Ki’Antha sat back down beside
him in front of the fire, the light of the flames flickering across her face as
she stared deeply into the fire, and Sarak in turn gazed in wonder at the
beauty sitting alongside him, naked and bold.
Sarak rose to get his blanket from his pack. He came back, and,
kneeling, placed it across the shoulders of this woman. As he did
this, she tipped her head back and their lips met in a fleeting touch. Sarak felt his heart lift at the touch. Leaning forward he pushed her to the ground, his blanket between her and the
dirt of the compound floor, as she in turn opened her legs and wrapped them
around his thighs, pulling him in towards her and crushing her down with the
weight of his body.

His manhood sprung
forth with little help from Ki’Antha’s hands and within just a brief second he
was inside her, slipping deeply into her very wet and warm inner self. They groaned together as he took her there on
the ground. He rode her with his cock, penetrating as deeply as he could,
forcing himself deeper and deeper.
Ki’Antha took the pounding of the mating. She smiled up into the raised
body of Sarak above hers as he held himself up on straightened arms, thumping
his cock home on every thrust. She felt
herself rising to the pressures, and gave in to the feeling of release as it
mounted within her. With her hands either side of his head she pulled him
down into that final kiss.

Sarak fell forward towards her, spinning
down into the web of deception she had wove around him, for as he fell, he fell
into her realm, and the world around him ceased and he stood there on a green
grassed and verdant plain, fields of sunflowers abound, tall trees of oak and
spruce, a river glistening and gleaming as it bubbled across stones and rocks
on its journey, and there amongst all this magnificence grazed six mares. Six tall mares wandered in the lush grass,
browsing and eating, raising their heads from time to time and tossing their
manes and nodding their heads. The land
was at peace with itself, and the mares were at peace with the land. Sarak looked down upon his mares, and a shock
ran through as he realised they were his six horses, and turning his head he looked
upon another golden horse standing heavily alongside, for she was large of
womb, and almost ready to drop foal, and as he looked upon her, he heard a
voice within his mind say..

*“Yes
Sarak, we are all Kishasa now, for our mating in the other place allowed the
shape shift to occur, and we are home at last. This place is the realm of
the shape shift, the realm of our peoples. Now that you are here it is your
realm also, for look upon yourself Sarak, look and realise that you are now
what you are, look and confirm that you are really the bold and magnificent
stallion that stands before me, that has sired a foal within me, and holds sway
over those other mares. For you, Sarak,
are now King in this land, master to all that dwells upon this land and around
it. There are no other stallions, there are no other mares, and it was your
love of the ponygirls that brought me to you. Your kindness to their needs and
requirements, your devotion to them, and your defence and their acceptance of
you, all caused me to seek you out and seduce you. For it is only by the action
of mating between a human and a Kishasa that the powers of the shape shift can
allow a transfer to take place, and that we did in the other place. You are now a shape shifter also, and can slip
between the realm of your past and the realm we live in with ease. These
realms are ours to travel as we please. And as you will discover, there are
other realms also, that abound with new lives and places
to see. I have tricked you my sire,
using your desire over my human flesh, to accept your coupling with me, to
accept your semen into my womb, to father the foal that grows within me, and
that will become your legacy to this land. For it is you, Sarak, that has brought
life back to the Kishasa through your care and devotion to the ponygirls. For this I apologise, and could I kneel
before you, I would, to accept your punishment for this deception, and await your
demands of retribution. But at this exact moment in time, time is frozen, and I
show you a brief glimpse with my mind of what could be in the future, for my
mind melds with yours at the nearness of the peak of our lovemaking, before the
fire, in that small and ruined place.
Your time is still there Sarak, you are not here yet, and your decision
awaits you. Thus I release you to the decision.”*

Sarak
fell forward towards her, spinning down into the reality, his mind at a nexus
between conviction and doubt, a clashing of opposites in the moment of time,
caught and held on the slip of the wind.
Sarak lay fully on top of Ki’Antha, his body weight crushing her beneath
him, her breasts flattened against his, her thighs parted, and his body buried
deep between, and as he stayed his motions, his hardness stilled within
her. She looked up into the patterns of
the fire reflected within his firm and hard eyes, looking for the mind and the
decision within, whilst he looked at the large oval eyes, wide and open, aware
and innocent, framed by her beauty, her cheeks, her golden hair. Her skin glowed with the radiance of the
fire, the wind blew softly across bringing the night smells, and the breeze
carried another noise also, that of the six ponygirls within the barn at their
side. And as Sarak listened to the
noises he heard a mixture of human voices, gentle and lulling, plus the noises
of the ponies as they shuffled and snuffled around the confines of the barn. Then, as if the world was to end, he withdrew from within her, rising to his
knees between her legs, his penis hard and full, jutting out before him.

He
looked down at Ki’Antha lying before him, their eyes combining in a mix of
unsaid emotions and meanings, but as their minds had linked before, so Ki’Antha
knew his decision and his demands for her deception. She rose from beneath him and turned, placing
herself on her hands and widespread knees, before edging back towards his
manhood, placing her outer lips at the tip, awaiting his response. He in turn leant forward, covering her back
and placing his hands beside hers on the ground, then with a gentle push he
entered her from behind, her lips swelling out and allowing him full entry. As
before, his passion rose, and her submissiveness belied, he emptied his seed
within. They crossed that moment of time, and as they climaxed together,
a watcher would have been hard pressed to see between the veils of smoke from
the camp fire whether there were two humans making love, or was there a
stallion mounting a mare in the streams of smoke.

Morning
came too soon for the lovers. They woke
from a brief sleep, after spending the night taking each other in every
position imaginable, in every way possible, and probably in some ways never
heard of, but as they awoke Sarak remembered last night. He remembered the
dream, and the story of the shape shifters, of their abilities to change shape
and be in accord with the land, and how Ki’Antha had told him between
passionate embraces of how the Masan had caught the ponygirls. How they had
forgotten the ways of the Kishasa, and how she had searched until she had found
him, a human who loved his ponygirls. How she had wanted to mate with him, to
allow the girls to remember, and become one with the Kishasa again. She also told him that from first sight, as he
entered the compound, she had loved him, and that she wanted to stay with him,
to be his wife, his mate and the mother to his children, and that all he had to
do was accept her as a shape shifter.

Sarak remembered these things while he walked across to the barn, where
the ponygirls were resting, for he had to feed them, and care for them, as was
it his duty to them, but also because he cherished them. Sarak entered the barn, which was still dark
with the shadows of the night, for the sun had not risen yet, and as he entered
he saw that standing amongst the straw, were not the six ponygirls he knew to
be there, but six full grown mares, all six standing tall, heads high with
their manes cascading across their shoulders.
The six mares looked at Sarak through large eyes fringed with lashes, as
in shock he turned and stumbled out of the room, only to see standing in the
centre of the courtyard, a tall, broad and gorgeous golden mare. He
stumbled and fell forward when the shape shift came, for the mind meld with Ki’Antha
had been deep, and planted within was the command to allow himself to escape
the perils and become one with himself. He changed into the stallion.
