---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Pet Story
authors:
- Baron Waste
tags:
- M-fff
- MFF-f
- D-s
- pet
- objectify
- bodymod
- surgery
- naked
- boots
- collar
- slaves
- bond
- gag
- chain
- cond
- mc
- piercing
- oral
- anal
- sex
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2014-12-30 00:00:00
---

I awoke this morning with a smile on my face. My pet was lying next to
me in the bed. It was awake. There was a vacant look on it's face,
staring off into space. There was little it could do, since the chain
attached to it's collar was keeping it there. And, with the arms
removed, there was little it could do to get out of the situation. I was smiling because life was so much better for me now since the
unexpected lottery win. But who would expect winning $185 million?

My
pet, she was the best part of the deal. It took many months of
auditioning women who desired objectification to find both a great
beauty and a muse for my whims and needs. As I was sorting through the
candidates I was also busy building my household. I have a nice house,
not quite an estate, something similar to a mansion. There's enough room
for the two assistants rooms, the fitness room, the play room and other
spaces. But I digress, it was time to rise.

I got up and used the bathroom. Afterward I went back to the bedroom and
put on my robe. I rang for Number One on the intercom. She would come to
my room and unlock the chains on my pet. (This one of the many tasks
that I have delegated to others.) There was a chain that was attached at
one end of the headboard and locked at the other to its permanent collar
around the neck. Around the ankles was another two foot chain locked at
each end to the anklecuffs. From the center of the anklechain was locked
another chain that came from the foot of the bed. The footchains were
entirely unnecessary for the sake of security. I just happen to like
them.

I paused to watch as Number One unchained the pet. The collar chain from
the bed was replaced with a lead that was used for it whenever we moved
it around the house. Not that we needed to prevent it from trying to get
away. The pet's conditioning had been completed some time ago. There was
barely a flicker of consciousness behind the eyes at this point. We had
established a rigid routine with no possible decisions. Just reactions.
The pet was lead to the bathroom where it was placed on the toilet and
left for ten minutes. If it didn't move its bowels during that time,
there was a second chance later in the day. But if that didn't happen,
that was it, it would have to wait until the next day. And if there was
an accident, a cruel punishment will be applied.

After the pet was taken away to be cleaned I went down the hall to check
on Number Two. In the system I devised, I had two helpers for my pet.
However, everybody that lived in my household was sexually accessible to
me. Furthermore, there was a hierarchy that I had established. Number
One is my first assistant and the dominant helper. She runs the house.
As her reward, Number Two is her personal slave. But, as Master of the
house, I reserve the right to use both of them as I so desire. Each
evening, before I retire to bed, I lock Number Two to the bed of her
quarters. I use my level of pleasure with the performance of Number One
that day to reward her with how Number Two is bound. On a good day,
Number Two may only be chained by the neck to the bed. On a poor day,
Number Two may have a gag locked into her mouth and her hands locked
behind her back. On those days if Number One is to get pleasure from
Number Two, it's going to be quite difficult if not impossible.

On this day, I had chained her back to the bed (as I had always done)
but had also locked a gag on her. I could see in her eyes how her jaw
ached when I went into the room. Her misery was a bit of a turn-on so I
released her from the bed with instructions to go use the bathroom to
clean up and return. (However, the gag stayed locked on.) When she came
back I locked her wristcuffs together behind her back and laid her down
on the bed. Then I savagely took her from behind. Frankly I was
surprised by the amount of energy I had since I had also fucked my pet
the night before. While I was still inside her I unlocked and removed
the gag from her mouth. She gasped and took a deep breath, and in a low
sultry tone said "thank you". I held her for a few minutes more and then
released her. She got up from bed and returned to the bathroom to clean
up again. I put on my robe and went downstairs. It was time for the
breakfast routine.

--------------

I still remember the first day that I met my pet. At that time her name
was Barbara. She was but twenty-two years old. Standing at five foot,
ten inches, she could have been a model if she lost a little weight. I
found her on a fetish dating website. She had been a foster child pretty
much all of her life. Where she was in her life at that point was that
she knew she was a bit of a brat. In some of the homes where she had
been placed she had been sexually abused. What she wanted more than
anything at this point was to just rewrite her life, be dehumanized and
live under the control of a dominant man. She wanted to be a no-limits
slave and didn't care what body modifications her master wanted.

I made her a very appealing offer. Stay with me for two weeks for
training. She would receive financial compensation for her time. If she
liked the arrangement, we would continue more intensively for another
month. If that worked satisfactorily, we would make the arrangement
permanent and she would become my pet. Thankfully she agreed. She had no
relatives or family to worry about so it was an easy choice for her.
Finally she was wanted and had a place to belong.

The first two weeks consisted of simple stuff. I arranged for a doctor's
visit where she was tested for STDs and fitted with an IUD. She was
taken to beauty salon where she had her hair and nails done to my
specifications. For the first couple of days around the house, we did
some light bondage during the days. In the evenings I would have her at
my side sitting on the floor naked and on a leash while Numbers One and Two
would entertain us with bondage challenges. At night, I introduced her
to her nightly routine of being chained to my bed. Overall, she took
well to the structure. After two weeks, she agreed to another month.

As the next month began, I stepped up the dehumanization. She was kept
in bondage more often during the day and longer. We also started ballet
boot training. At first it was an hour a day. Then two. After two weeks
she was wearing the boots eight hours a day. Some of that time she was
naked on all fours and on a leash beside me wherever I went in the
house. The rest of the time she was fitted with an armbinder and
exercised by Numbers One and Two. In the last week of the trial period,
she was gagged at all times during the waking hours except during meals.
The armbinder was on her at all times except bathing.

She was allowed to
do nothing for herself. Numbers One and Two exercised her, fed her,
bathed her, wiped her ass, basically treated her like the mindless
property that she was. At night I kept her tightly chained to the bed
with a hood on her head. She was fitted with a gag that allowed her to
breathe through her mouth but not be able to speak. Entirely
objectified, she was my perfect subject. All of the strenuous exercise
of the last six weeks, combined with a strict diet, had taken twenty
pounds off of her. She was perfect.

On the morning of the day after her final trial period ended, I had all
of the restraints and gag removed. She was given some modest clothes and
told to dress herself. We sat together on the sofa and we talked.
I told her that I had been honored to keep her as my pet. She had done
very well during her training period. At this point there was a decision
to be made. I held up a check. She could take this check and be on her
way. Or she could stay on with me permanently and be my property forever
with all the rights and privileges that entails.

From a shelf I pulled
off an eternity collar and the locking tool to close it. I handed it to
her and told her that I would return in an hour. If she wanted to stay
with me as my permanent property, put on the collar. I then handed her
the check. If she wished to leave, then take the check and be gone with
my blessings. I left the room and closed the door. When I returned, she
was wearing the collar and handed me the key.

---------------

I arrived downstairs to find breakfast on it's way. Numbers One and Two
were busy getting the food ready. My pet was already secured in the
nook. The nook consisted of a built-in on the wall with a padded cavity
that perfectly fitted around the pet. It was, as always, completely
naked except for the ballet boots and the eternity collar. To keep it
securely in place, a bar is locked horizontally across the front of the
neck and fastened to the collar. At the feet, another bar has been added
horizontally to lock the feet into place preventing any movement at all.
Finally, a waistchain was added to keep the torso in place. I saw on the
counter the deep throat training dildo. The pet had just been trained
for twenty minutes to retain its skills in accordance with my daily
directions.

Once the meal was ready, Numbers One and Two and I sat down to eat. The
pet would be exercised after breakfast so it was given nothing. After
the meal is over, it will be given some water to keep it hydrated.
Sometimes the slaves will slip it a bite or two of any leftovers. But
only if we didn't finish our meals. While we ate we would chat or watch
a morning television show. For the most part, we didn't really care what
happened with the outside world. We were having far too much fun with
the universe we had created.

Once breakfast was over we would split up. Number Two was given the
chore of kitchen clean-up. Number One would take the pet out of the nook
and lead it to the exercise room. It would do one of several different
exercises for the day, and often, a combination of many. I allowed
Number One to pick the program and encouraged her to come up with
different routines. A favorite of late was the pony training. Blinders
were fitted to the pet's head. A waistbelt was added and fastened to a
circular device that made it go around in a circle. Once everything was
attached Number One would chase the pet in the circle with a crop. If
the pet was perceived to be going too slowly, it got a swat on the ass.

While the pet was getting its hour of exercise, I went back upstairs and
got my shower. Then it was some time for reading the news and other
business on the internet. While I was doing that, Number One would
finish exercising the pet. Number Two would prepare a nutritional drink
for the pet to consume. Once the exercise was over, the pet was taken to
the main bath by Number One and met there by Number Two. There the pet
was placed on a toilet while the ballet boots were removed and replaced
with high-heel shower shoes. Since the pet had been in either ballet
boots or high heels for so long, it's calf tendons had shortened and
wasn't possible for the heels to reach the floor. The drink was placed
upside-down in a holder so that the pet could drink from it like a
hamster would from a feeder. It's face was pushed onto the feeder to
let it know that it was time to eat. Once the fifteen minute break was
over, Numbers One and Two stripped off their clothing and started water
for the shower.

While the water was warming, the pet was positioned in the center of the
shower area. On the floor was a small ring was would flip up. A clip was
attached to the ring at one end and another around the ankle of the pet
at the other. Once the water was warm, the two showerheads on the
opposite walls were started. Each Number would wash their hair and
cleanse themselves. Sometimes they would help cleanse each other in a
sexually pleasing way. Once they were finished with themselves, Number
Two would scrub the pet. The pet's hair was kept short so little
maintenance was required. Then a washcloth was used to go over the rest
of the pet's body: scrub around the neck and underneath the collar, over
the stumps of the arms, down the torso and waist, the vaginal area and
ass, legs and feet. Then the removable showerhead was used to rinse the
pet off. Then the water was stopped.

With the water stopped, Numbers One and Two took their towels and dried
themselves. Then they would dress in clean gowns. Once their clothes
were on they would return to the pet and unchain it. Number Two would
take a leftover towel and dry it off. While this was happening Number
One would remove the chain and clips, dry them off and return them to
their holder. Then the pet was placed on a chair and the ballet boots
were reapplied to it's feet.

By this time it was getting close to lunch. I went down to the exercise
area to see how things were going. I took my pet by the leash with me as
I let the Numbers go on their way and prepare a late lunch. It was time
for some personal pet training. We got into the elevator to the second
storey. I lead it down the hallway to my bedroom. Stopping at the foot of
the bed, I clipped the lead to the bedboard and undressed. I then
unclipped the lead and stood before her. She was absolutely perfect.
After many months of exercise she was now long and lean. Her breasts,
enhanced in one of the body modifications that I had done, were
magnificent. Full and firm, they also had nipple piercings both
horizontally and vertically. I pulled it close, with my arm behind the
narrow waist and went in for a deep tongue kiss. She responded and her
eyes lit up. I held its head in my hands and pushed deeper and harder.
Then I ran my hands up and down its body. I squeezed the breasts and
twisted the nipples. One of my hands drifted down to the vagina. It was
moist.

Taking by the lead again, I walked it over to a chair in the corner. I
saw down and push the pet down to its knees. I took it by the head and
pushed the mouth over my hardening cock. It knew what to do, as it had
done so many times before. I had worked with it for months on
controlling its gag reflex. It had no difficulty at all going down
completely on me, lingering for a moment and then coming back up for a
breath. Over and over it went until I crazy from pleasure. I stopped it
and turned it around while still on the knees.

I was feeling sadistic
that day so I jammed my cock into its ass. I heard it gasp (it could no
longer speak - another body modification) as I rammed my cock deeply
into it. It didn't take long to climax after that. I held that position
for a while, enjoying my accomplishment. The pet held its position: head
on the floor, bent over, knees on the ground. After a few moments, I
softened and pulled out. I got up and went to a cabinet drawer. I pulled
out a locking buttplug and pushed it into its ass. Pushing it in deeply
I pulled the mechanism that fastened it in place. Later I would have
Number Two clean it up.

Taking my pet gently by the collar I got it back to its feet. I clipped
the lead back to the foot of the bed and left it there while I cleaned
up and put my robe back on. Going back to the bed, I unclipped the lead
and took it down the hall to the den. Stopping at the dresser I picked
up the comb and straightened its hair. I brushed the hair over and over
lovingly. Removing the leash, I took it to the center of the room and
spun it around over and over, inspecting it carefully. I tested the
strength of its legs and torso. The stumps of its arms, long ago removed
and carefully smoothed over were carefully massaged and checked. In the
mirror, I could see it smiling.

----------------

When Barbara held out the key to her collar, I reached to accept it but
held short. I told her, this is your last chance to change your mind. If
you go through with this, you give me the right to do anything to you
that I choose. Smiling, she stepped forward and placed the key in my
hand. I smiled back and put it in my pocket. Then I instructed her to
strip off her clothes and bring me the armbinder, ballet boots and gag.
Without hesitation, she did.

The next couple of weeks was like the previous two. Much of her day was
spent in bondage or training. Meanwhile I was making arrangements for
big things while doing little ones. One of the first things we did was
arrange for the IUD to be removed and for a tubal ligation. While we
were at it, she was also given nipple piercings. She reacted well to the
two procedures. No complaints at all. If anything, she seemed proud of
the fact that she was being treated as a prized possession. What she
didn't know was that this was going to be her last outing away from the
mansion grounds.

Since she had accepted my proposal, I had been finalizing arrangements
for a visit by a plastic surgeon. Since I was planning on some extreme
body modifications, a surgeon through "normal" channels was out of the
question. So I found a man who had moved to Mexico from the U.S. thanks
to some drug problems. We made arrangements to set up an operating
theatre in a nearby warehouse. It took a while to set it all up and I
didn't want him to try and find me later looking for more money. But
when the day came, I loaded Barbara into a van and we rolled to the
warehouse.

When we arrived I told her that I had arranged for a surgeon to do some
liposuction and a breast augmentation. Which was true, just not all of
the truth. What I had in mind was far more. What we were going to do was
this: the first phase was to do the liposuction. While her abdomen was
open a special mesh was going to be installed that went entirely around
her waist and connected together. The mesh was made of a special
material that shrinks slightly when subjected to an electrical current.
Then, a week after the liposuction heals, we would return for the breast
augmentation.

At that time each of her arms would be removed at the
shoulder. Once the arm was off the breast implant would be inserted.
Then the extension of the collarbone would be trimmed and an anchor for
a cable would be added. The cable would be made of the same material as
the abdominal mesh. Finally a plate with a guide would be inserted behind
the spine in the upper back. Once the arms were both removed and the
breast implants inserted, the cable would be routed through the back and
the guide and attached at each end to the collarbone anchors. It was a
long and difficult surgery but successful.

For the first couple of days after the surgery was over, we kept her in
a drug-induced coma to allow the wounds to start to heal. When it was
time to allow her to waken, it was my idea to raise the psychological
stakes. Our mutual goal was to objectify her as much as possible. I was
in control of her and her body. When she awoke I needed to keep her
under control as much as possible. So I decided to have botox used on
her eye muscles. She would able to still see but would be unable to
focus or move her eyes. While we had the botox available, I also had her
vocal cords frozen as well. Without arms, voice or sight, she would
truly be dehumanized. The torment of it all would surely break her mind.

As the coma drugs wore off, I sat with her until I saw her stir. To
protect her vision, her eyes was lightly wrapped in a thin gauze. She
started blinking and moved her lips. Her head wasn't able to move
because I had arranged for a harness to keep it firmly in place. Plus,
to keep her from injuring herself, I had also ordered straps on her
torso and legs. She was almost entirely immobilized. I stroked her cheek
and kissed her on the forehead.

In quiet and calm tones I explained to
her that, as my property, it was my right to do a few modifications to
further dehumanize her. I lied a little. I told her that while she was
out I decided to have the arms removed. They were always in an armbinder
anyway and were in the way. Nothing would change. She would always be my
pet and the Numbers would still take care of her as they always did. Now
everything was simply made permanent. The vision was a temporary step in
the dehumanization process. There's still a lot of healing to be done
and another procedure or two will still be done to complete the process.
You are now simply a thing to me, though a prized one. From here forward
you will be address simply as pet. Your name has been removed and no
longer has any meaning. As I told her this a tear ran down her cheek. It
might have been from sadness but I like to think it was one of joy.

The next couple of weeks were spent in healing. The medical staff wanted
to keep her mostly sedated but I had other ideas. I had the Numbers come
over and we started exercising it lightly. At first it was leg lifts and
lower body exercises. After the first couple of bandages were changed we
started sitting it up and standing. Without the arms and with the
addition of the breast implants, its center of balance was entirely
different. Plus it couldn't see very well so that made things more
difficult. Ultimately we decided the best thing to do was to place a
hood over its head, entirely blinding it. That gave it less sensory
input and gave it a better chance to concentrate on standing and
walking.

After four weeks had passed it was walking fairly well so we stopped the
hood treatments. Instead we placed it on a treadmill with a waistband
attached to the sides. A head harness was added to prevent it from
falling if it missed a step. Then the walking training was slowly
increased from day to day.

At the end of six weeks the pet was approaching a normal level of
balance and mobility. The wounds of the arm stumps had largely healed.
It was time for the final phase. It was prepped for a final brief
procedure. Once it was placed back on the operating table the nerves to
the vocal cords were delicately severed in such a way as that they would
never work again. At that point, when the botox wore off, the voice
would still be gone. While a whisper was still possible, there would be
no real communication.

Also, while it was unconscious, it was time to activate the mesh and
cable. Special electrodes were connected to the abdominal area. The
switch was thrown momentarily and a shock went through it's body. The
mesh reacted to the current and pulled tighter. The result was like an
internal corset. The waist area below the ribs and above the hips was
pulled inward several inches. Another shock was applied. The waist
pulled inward another inch. The shock was applied a third time with
little change. That was all that we were going to get. However, the
change was pleasingly dramatic.

Previous to the surgery, the pet had an
appealing face but an ordinary figure. Now it was sporting some
dramatically spectacular breasts with a narrow waistline. But one last
step was to be taken to improve the figure. The electrodes were removed
from the abdomen and moved to the upper back all along the line where
the cable ran from shoulder tip to tip. The shock was applied and the
cable shortened pulling the shoulders back dramatically. The shock was
applied again, bringing the shoulders back even further. Then the
electrodes were removed, having done their work. Even with it lying on
its back, it was clear that the posture had improved. The shoulders were
back and the breasts were thrust forward boldly. The effect was
stunning.

-----------

I lead the pet downstairs after using it and giving it an inspection. It
was mid-afternoon and the Numbers were enjoying some leasure time. I
gave Number Two the leash of the pet and instructed her to go clean it
up. I sat down with Number One in front of the TV. They had been playing
a video game. This gave me an idea. I had Number One start a solo game
while I went to a special drawer in the kitchen. I pulled down a dildo
and some lubricant. I told her to get up and bend over; but keep playing
the game. If she stopped or ran out of lives, there would be
punishments. I then spread lube all over the dildo and inserted it into
her pussy. Immediately her player crashed and died.

We both laughed and
she began to try to focus again on the game. I slipped along the side of
her and grabbed a breast with one hand while continuing to work her with
the dildo. The battle was on: as hard as I tried to distract her, she
tried to keep focused on the game. Finally my actions were too much for
her and she climaxed; and her spaceship crashed spectacularly. She
melted into a puddle and I laughed. I left the dildo and the lube on the
counter for cleanup and went upstairs for a nap.

I awoke forty-five minutes later and went back downstairs. I saw that
the Numbers were back to their games. My pet had been cleaned up and
stored in the kitchen nook. It appeared to be asleep or at least not
paying any attention. Not that it mattered. It was time for some fun and
games.

I went to the special cabinet in the kitchen and pulled out a couple
lengths of rope and some loose gag balls. I told the Numbers to pause
the game and come with me to the exercise room. I handed one of the
ropes to Number One and told Number Two to strip. My instructions to
them was that Number Two was to be hogtied on the floor. Once Number Two
was completely tied up I told Number One to strip and lay on the floor
as well. I then hogtied her just like Number Two. I then told them I'd
be right back.

I walked to the kitchen and released the pet from the
nook. Leading it by the leash, I brought it into the exercise room. I
then unclipped the lead and left it in the middle of the room. Walking
back to the Numbers, I popped a gag ball into each of their mouths.
There will be a contest, I announced. The first Number to inch across
the floor to the far side and then touch her gag ball against the
opposite wall would be the new Number One and the loser would be the
Number Two. Then, looking toward the pet, I announced that if you wish
to influence the outcome of this contest, here's your chance. This was a
breach of objectification protocol but it simply too much fun not to do.

The Numbers looked at each other and then it was on. They started
wriggling and writhing along the floor. Number One had hogtied Two
pretty tightly and I had made sure my job was just as good. They moved
pretty slowly. For her part, my pet stood still for quite a while. Then,
it was as if the power came back on. She started stumbling back and
forth. It was walking freely in ballet boots. Normally one of us has it
on a lead so it can lead backward a little, creating a triangle of
stability. When it was locked securely in the nook it was unable to move
anywhere at all. Now, without any support, it was entirely on its own to
keep from falling. It paced back and forth and began to develop some
confidence.

Realizing that the Numbers were approaching, it decided that
it was time for a change and tried to block Number One. However, One was
having no part of that and bumped the pet in the foot, nearly knocking
it over. My pet staggered back and regained its balance. Realizing its
lack of power, it tried a new tack: it dropped to it knees and blocked
Number One's path again. Number Two's lead continued to grow. As she
made the turn, squealed with delight. Number One fought hard and
eventually knocked the pet over. Even now on the ground, the pet wiggled
back and forth to block One's advance. Eventually Two got close enough
to the opposite wall and spit out her gag ball so that it rolled the
remaining distance. As it bounced off the wall I cried out Winner! We
have a new Number One.

I walked over the new Number One and untied her. I told her to go dress
and make preparations to start dinner. Then I went over to Two and the
pet, who were still wrapped up with each other. I pulled them apart got
them both to their knees. I looked them both in the faces and said that
there will be no retaliation, no grudges held in my household. I then
told them that they needed to kiss each other passionately for five
minutes. To ensure that it would happen, I took the rope from Number One
and tied them together face-to-face. I gave them a good long time to
make out. After watching them go at it long enough, I untied them both
and then let Number Two out of her hogtie. I then told Two to go get
dressed and return for the pet. Make sure it's fed and watered and then
returned to the nook. Then assist One in dinner. As I watched my pet get
lead away it turned slightly toward me and smiled. Perfect, I thought.
There's no point in it being dehumanized if it doesn't realize that it's
happening.

-----------

After the last procedures to remove the voice and tighten the posture, we
began to start training the pet again. This time it was no longer in bare
feet. The time for heel conditioning had come. Furthermore, the wounds from
the surgery had healed sufficiently that it was time to release the surgeon.
He was sent home with our thanks and six hundred thousand dollars. Plus
he was welcome to keep all the surgical tools that had been used for the
operations. The Numbers, pet and I returned permanently to the mansion
in the van.

Once we were home the pet was unloaded into the exercise room, which had
been temporarily been converted also into a recovery suite. I had in mind
a rigorous schedule of training to keep it occupied. The first order of
business was to return to the practice of keeping it naked at all times.
Next was frequent practice in the ballet boots. In the matter of a few
days we eliminated the high heels and laced it back into the boots. First it
was short sessions on the treadmill followed by massages. Then longer and
longer sessions with breaks in-between. Soon it was able to manage hours
at a time in the boots.

In addition to the boot training, there were other skills needed to be
developed as well. First and foremost was the deep throat training. At
first it fought us. However, when locked into the nook, there was no
possible resistance. Eventually it got the idea and became very good at
it.

Another part of the daily regime was a change in daily intake. Now that
it had lost even more weight and the internal corset was in place, it
had an absolutely stunning figure. I put it on a twice-daily liquid diet
of nutrients. Between that and the daily exercise, it will look stunning
for years to come.

Eventually we built it up to my expected level of daily activity. The
botox injections wore off on the eyes and it could track visually again.
However, by then we had it in a grindingly similar daily routine. When
we tucked it into the nook at first, it would look around the room a
lot and attempt to mouth words. Since it was simply a thing, I had to
keep it gagged for quite a few months. For a time, I considered bringing
my surgeon back to implant some kind of anchors inside the mouth - perhaps
pulling some teeth and replacing them with studs that could be fastened
together to keep it from trying to communicate. However, soul-crushing
sameness of existence combined with the radical body modifications did
the job.

-----------

The new Number one made a delightful dinner. Which was remarkable
considering she had done none of the meal planning for the week. After
dinner, we retired to the living room and watched a movie. The pet
was fitted with the usual headgear and was allowed to kneel at my side.
The headgear was a panel gag with a tray attached with enough room for
my drink. The remote controls for the TV and the bluray player had
strings on the ends that allowed me to hang them off the nipples of
the pet's breasts. Often the pet would pay attention to the movie.
If I glanced over, at times I would see a tear roll down the corner of
her eye. Joy, I'm certain.

After the movie was over, it was time to retire to bed. I instructed the
Numbers to go to their bedroom. Two was to be fitted with a collar and
it was to be locked to the bed. I would be in shortly to inspect the
work. Once they left, I unhooked the remotes from the pet and placed
them away. I took the drink to the kitchen and left it on the counter.
Returning to the living room, I helped the pet to its feet. I removed
the headgear and put it away. I then reattached the lead and walked it
to the elevator and upstairs. Laying it down on the bed, I pulled the
headboard chain up and attached it to the eternity collar. I then moved
down to the feet and removed the ballet boots. I massaged its feet
briefly and then attached the night-time anklecuffs. Then I attached the
chain between the ankles followed by the attaching the chain from the
foot of the bed to the midpoint between the anklechain. Pulling up the
covers I left it there so I could go check on the Numbers.

I found them in their bedroom. As ordered, Two had been chained by the
collar to the headboard. One had already been playing with Two and they
were giggling. I was pleased with their performance that day so I kissed
them both and left them to have their fun.

Returning to the bedroom I tossed my robe to the side and slipped into
bed. The pet was lying on its back, a normal position since the surgery.
If it rocked back and forth, it can manage to get on one side or the
other. However, the lack of a lever, the increased size of its breasts
and the chains made it pretty much immobile. Sliding over, I leaned up
on one elbow to look into its eyes. In the moonlight I could see that it
was looking back at me.

"We both wanted this", I whispered. I could see
little change in expression in its face. But its lips beckoned me. I
leaned in and kissed it fully on the mouth and received a kiss back.
I ran my hands up and down its body, eventually rolling it on its side
away from me. Entering it from behind, I was pleased to find the
pussy to be wet. I climaxed on the thought of how I had created the
perfect sex object. Holding it tightly, I drifted off to sleep.
