---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: He Said, She Said
authors:
- CK
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- gag
- outdoors
- teen
- snow
- buried
- cons
- X
date: 2020-04-06 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](he_said_she_said.html)

### Part Two Although I expected her to come again for more, I could hardly contain my excitement when the plans were set. Our last tie up session was nothing short of incredible. I dreamed about it over and over. After hog-tying her, I "accidentally" pulled the string on her string bikini at the back of her neck. It almost fell off, but she said nothing. I tried to make pulling the bow at the back look like an accident but whether it was an accident or not didn't seem to matter to her. She seemed to expect a bikini like hers to "fall off" in this kind of situation. With it practically lying on the floor, I commented to her that she really was not using it anymore so I might as well remove it. Rather than agreeing or disagreeing she pointed out that the bows on the sides of the bottoms were all that held the bottoms on too. How would you react to that? After completely removing the top half, I went for the little bows on the bottoms and pulled on them as a sort of experiment to see what would happen. Pulling on the waistband over her butt made it clear that the bikini bottoms were falling off too. When she rocked onto her side it pretty well fell off. --- I knocked at the door and as he opened it I gave him a big hug and kissed him. He seemed embarrassed at this affection at his front door and quickly closed the door. With two bottles of Pepsi we sat on his living room floor. I told him how awesome our last 'date' was and I wanted to do it again even more intensely than the last. He had trouble thinking of what he could do more than last time. What more could he do than hog-tie me naked. I said the hog-tie can be tighter and I said I wanted him to put me outside in the snow. He looked at me like I was crazy. Maybe I was but I repeated to him again that I wanted to be hog-tied naked in the snow. I told him that from my snow experience last week, I knew I could take the snow and being tied up I would have no choice. I would depend on him to rescue me when he wanted (I wondered how long that might be, but decided that would be up to him.). The hog-tie had to be a tighter and stricter hog-tie than last time, so tight that I could not move. I was so excited that I stripped naked and looked at him and asked where his ropes were. --- When she told me what she wanted I could not believe my ears and when she took her clothes off, I could barely believe my eyes. I headed off like a zombie in search of my ropes. While in the garage gathering the ropes I took a few deep breaths and told myself to snap out of it. She was serious about this and I had to be too. I came up to the living room ropes in hand and focused on the job that fate had handed me. This was going to be great! As I started binding her elbows she insisted again that it had better be tight. I wrapped the rope tight above her elbows so that her elbows were crushed together and then wrapped the rope tight around her arms, up toward her shoulders. As I continued to wrap her upper arms were nearly touching behind her. This forced her shoulders back in what I was sure was tighter than she had ever experienced before. I then took another rope and bound her forearms together and cinched it even tighter. This tie started 3 or 4 inches above her wrists so there was no way her fingers could get near it. She twisted around to try and see my handiwork and seemed quite satisfied that it was tight enough. I asked her to climb up onto a table and lay on her belly to make the hog-tie easier and she willingly obliged. I tied and cinched her ankles then found an anchor point just behind her neck. I looped the rope around her ankle tie and back to the anchor point giving me a complete loop from anchor point to ankles and began to pull in the rope. At first it was easy, but got harder as her ankles went past her wrists. As her back arched more and more her hands past her crotch between her legs. With her feet about two inches from the anchor point I took the surplus rope and wrapped it around the rope between her ankles and anchor and tied it off. Her arms were so close to her calves that it seemed like they were asking to be tied together, so that's what I did. I took one last piece of rope and used it as a tie around her legs near her knees. This had the effect of tying her hands between her legs. I asked her if it was tight enough for her and she admitted that she didn't think it could be any tighter. I offered to try to tighten something but she quickly declined my offer. Next I confirmed again that she wanted to be dumped in the snow. Again she said yes and asked me to hurry before she changed her mind. I suggested that I could gag her so that she could not chicken out at the last minute. She answered that she was determined to go through with this so a gag was not necessary. I retorted by asking why she was against it if it was not going to make any difference. She was anxious to get outside, so she relented. Now I had to find a gag. I rounded up a scarf and used it, wrapping it around at least three times and tied it off in the back. I said that now we were ready and she nodded in agreement. I opened the back patio door then picked her up and carried her outside. The night winter was cold for me. I could only imagine it was freezing for her since she wore only the ropes I had used to tie her up. As I stepped out I realized that I was wearing only socks on my feet. In seconds the snow soaked the bottoms of my feet and I might as well have been walking barefoot on ice. I turned to the side of our deck where the recent storm had left a snowdrift at least six feet deep. Without waiting for a reaction from her I held her over the soft drift and dropped her into the snow. She dropped less than a foot from my arms to the snow, but it was a very soft landing as she sank easily two feet into the powder snow. She sank well below the top surface of the snow and came to rest about half on her side. I could see her upturned face at the bottom of the hole in the snow and all she could do was mumble through her gag. At the bottom of her hole nobody in the surrounding houses could see her so she was safe from unwanted voyeurs. As I looked down at her helpless bound body half buried in the snow I thought to myself, why not finish the job and bury her completely. Could she really get much colder if she was covered in snow? I remembered mentioning last weekend that the next time she went in the snow I would make sure she was buried well and this was my chance. With my feet half frozen, I didn't have a lot of time to think about it. I grabbed the snow shovel that leaned beside the back door and took a shovel full of snow from the deck and dropped it on top of her in the hole. It was soft snow like the drift she was lying in but that didn't stop her from screaming when it hit her. I thought I heard her say "what the hell" but by then I was dumping the second shovel full of snow into her hole. This one covered her head. With the hole pretty well filled in I told her that I was going inside to get dry socks and that I would be out to get her when I was properly dressed for winter. As I closed the door, instead of hearing some kind of plea for rescue, all I heard was something that sounded like "fuck" from deep under the snow. --- I had asked for tight bondage and that is certainly what I got from the start. He bound my elbows together behind my back like he has done before and I was used to him simply cinching it off, but instead he continued to wrap up my arms forcing them close behind my back and nearly dislocating my shoulders. Then he bound my forearms together. I had a lot of mobility in my wrists and hands but it was impossible to get at any of the knots. By the time he had finished the forearm tie my shoulders were getting used to the awkward twisting behind my back. He asked me to lie down on the table, which wasn't easy with my arms trussed up. He helped me lie down on my belly and groped my breasts at the same time. I guess that is to be expected if you are tied up and naked. The table felt cold on my breasts and belly and I began to wonder how I would be able to deal with the freezing cold of the snow. He tied my ankles together and then had me bend them upward. His rope went from my ankles to just behind my neck and then he started to pull in the hog-tie. As it got tighter my back arched more and more and my tied hands slid down past my ass. I think he stopped when me feet were within inches of my head and tied off the rope. I had never seen as strict a hog-tie before, though it wasn't really a hog-tie in its actual definition. That's because my hands and feet were not tied together. Then he wrapped a rope tightly between my arms and legs. This forced my back to arch a little bit more as my arms were pulled away from my back. No good tie would be complete without cinching and this tie was completed with a good tight cinch. As if that wasn't enough to immobilize me, he took one last rope and wrapped it tightly, of course, around my thighs and trapped my hands, which were now tucked between my legs, into the tie. My hands were caught between my legs that were wrapped in rope. I was beginning to think the rope would keep me warm while outside. He wanted to gag me and after some persuasion on his part, I relented. A minute later my mouth was stuffed with somebody's scarf. Being gagged takes away your ability to communicate so you are completely at the mercy of your captor and that became so clearly obvious once we got outside. Next was to get outside in the snow! He picked me up and stepped out onto his back deck. The deck light was on and it lit up all the surrounding snow. I guess I was lit up too, but my mind was too busy battling with my body's reaction to the blast of cold air. I looked around a bit and spotted a few spots on the deck where he could put me down for my quick snow experience. You see, I expected to be placed in the snow somewhere on the deck, like on the patio table. That way I could easily be picked up again when he thought I had enough. That's not at all what happened. He carried to the edge of the deck muttering something about how cold it was on his feet, held me over the railing and to my horror, just dropped me. The second that I was in free fall was terrifying. I thought I was going to hit head first into a rock hard snow bank and with my hands and feet tied up; there was nothing I could do. Here is where the communication that was taken away with the gag, might have been able to change things. In the end I hit leading with my right shoulder into the softest snow I could ever have hoped for, but the snow, being frozen water, was freezing cold. I knew how cold it would be from the previous week's experience, but there is no way to get used to the initial shock. I came to rest half on my side with my head deeper into the snow than my knees. I turned my head up and could see that I had sunk about a foot and a half into the snowdrift, or maybe a bit deeper. I could see him high above me peering into my hole and the only thing that came to my mind was how the hell was he going to get me out. All of a sudden he disappeared from my narrow line of sight and I began to panic. What if he leaves me here? I didn't think I could survive in this freezing predicament for even a minute so his disappearance had me frantic. But as quick as he had left he returned and I was quite relieved to see him again. Then all of a sudden I see him with a big shovel overflowing with snow. I never imagined that he would dump the load of snow on top of me. We had never talked about being buried! The gag made any sort of discussion of this impossible too. With my head deeper into the snow than the rest of me, even shaking my head no could not be noticed. Before I could even react, he dropped it all on me. It completely covered me to the middle of my back and seemed to pretty well fill my hole in and now I was encased in snow. Just when I thought he had accomplished the worst, he appeared over the railing with a second shovel full of snow and this one he held right over my head! I was in horror that he might drop the snow on my head and bury me alive in a snowdrift. A second later that is exactly what he did and there was nothing I could do about it. At the last split second I took a gasp of air and closed my eyes. The snow did not actually hurt because it was all powder snow but it was so cold that I took in another gasp. So at the first moment of my burial I learned that I could actually breath through the snow. I opened my eyes and discovered that I could see a bit of light through the snow too. I heard a muffled voice say something about His feet being cold and a few moments it all went black. I'm guessing that he turned off the deck light. So there I was, buried alive in a snowdrift naked and tied up without the slightest hope of getting free. In my freezing cocoon of white all I could do was wait for him to come back, assuming he would come for me! The seconds dragged on into minutes and the minutes felt like hours. I wondered when hypothermia would set in. I read somewhere that as long as you were shivering you were not hypothermic and I was shivering all over, so I took that as a good sign. Now all I could do was wait to be rescued. --- As I stepped inside I turned off the outside light, pulled off my freezing and wet socks and then headed to the bathroom to jack off. In less than two minutes that was all over, literally. After a quick cleanup I started to get ready to "recover the body". I grabbed several towels, tossed a few in the dryer and took the rest to the living room. Two were spread on the table where I expected I would be putting her down. I ran around the house finding boots, snow pants, a coat and gloves. It would be stupid for me to go back out not properly dressed. I got dressed for the outdoors and headed out to rescue my freezing damsel in a lot of distress... She had been dropped into a snowdrift that was at least five feet deep, but the snow all around the deck was at least three feet deep. Walking around the deck through the deep snow to where she was hiding was hard enough on my own. Coming back with her in my arms would prove to be much harder. As I came around the deck, plodding through the snow, I called out "Where are you?" All I could make out was a desperate mumble. I started scooping the snow away, digging to find her. As I brushed her with my hand she gave out a squeal, so I proceeded with a little more caution. When I felt I had a good idea exactly where she was in the snow bank, I shoved my arms under her through the snow bank. I got a pile of snow up the sleeve of my jacket, but I ignored that. With my arms under her I lifted her out of the snow. Her entire body was bright red from the cold of the snow. Whether it was just her or the combination of her and the snow still stuck around her, but I was not prepared for the weight and I fell backward onto my butt into the snow with her landing in my lap. It was immediately apparent that I could not get up from this position as long as she was on my lap. I would have to dump her into the snow again. I flipped her off my lap and then got myself out of the snow and picked her up again. This time her arms and legs were under her and her belly was turned upward. This was a more awkward way to carry her but by this point the quickest way inside was the best way. As I made my way through the snow to the stairs I stumbled again under the weight of my naked friend, this time falling head first and on top of her, sinking her deep into the powder snow yet a third time, only this time I was on top of her. This time she only managed a moan from under me. I knew I had to get her inside and fast! I picked her up again and carried her up onto the deck. While still holding her, I tried to open the patio door, but it would not move. Full of apologies I told her I would have to put her down one more time so that I could open the door. I could tell her voice was weak even under the gag. She was freezing and I was afraid that she might fall unconscious. I knew I had to hurry. I gently laid her on our patio table, but it was also piled up with soft powdered snow too, so once again she sank deep into the snow. I tried again to open the door but it still would not open. I looked in through the glass door and noticed that the latch had fallen down to the lock position. The door was locked! I thought "oh shit, now what do I do?" She mumbled again through the gag and I think her teeth were chattering even in the gag. In the light on the deck I could see her whole body shivering. I dreaded telling her that we were locked out. I took off my coat and wrapped it around her while breaking the news to her that the door was locked. I thought she was going to start to cry. As I wrapped my coat around her I touched her bare body with ungloved hands and realized how cold she really was. I had to get her inside. Then it hit me. I had my front door key in my coat pocket. I yanked the coat off her exposing her to the cold winter air again and took off around the house to the front door. As I turned around the corner of the house I thought I heard her try to cry out, but there was no time to stop. I had to get her inside and every second counted. --- All I could do was lie there in my ultra strict hogtie and buried under about a foot of snow. My feet and toes felt like ice but my hands were still quite warm because they were pressed between my legs. I took that as a good sign that the inside of my legs were not directly exposed to snow, and were still relatively warm. Inside my wintery cocoon it was dark and quiet. Whether my eyes were open or shut made no difference because my world was black. What little squirming that I could do only seemed to allow the snow to fill in any little spaces around my body. Finally I heard the muffled sound of boots in the snow. I opened my eyes and could see the same faint light that there was when I was first buried. The crunching footsteps seemed to be moving away from me. I tried screaming but practically nothing made it through my gag. Seconds later I felt some movement of the snow piled on top of me. Then I felt a hand brush on my right leg. The glove felt very rough and stung my frozen skin. He was brushing away the snow only to locate me because the next thing that happened was he was shoving his gloved hands through the snow under me and picked me up with much of the snow still piled on top of me. My face came clear of the snow because I was basically facing down. As he lifted me up he must have fallen backward because I found myself lying, belly down, on his lap. He said something about not being able to stand up with me on him so he flipped me off of him, head first, back into the snow. I flipped right over and landed on my back, or more precisely, on my legs and arms that were tightly hogtied behind me. The weight of my body on my bound limbs was certainly evident, but the shock of the cold snow again was worse. He got himself up and picked me up again. He carried me on my back with my arms and legs under me. It wasn't very comfortable but at that point I was more concerned with getting inside. He was carrying me around the deck when I guess he stumbled in the deep snow. He dropped me again, face first into the snow, and fell on top of me! His full weight came down on me and drove me into the snow a third time and winded me. All I could get out through my gag was a grunt as he landed on me. He swore at himself, which told me he was very upset at what was happening. As he got himself up again he pushed my head deeper into the snow. I guess he was just trying to get off of me. On his feet again, he picked up a frozen, naked me and made his way up the steps onto the back deck. He finally arrived at the back patio door. The warmth of inside was just a glass pane away. I was so anxious to get in out of the cold and put an end to this stupid challenge of mine. He seemed to have difficulty opening the door while holding me in his arms. He apologized but said that he would have to put me down one more time to allow him to open the door. I nodded my head to signal my understanding but mumbled through my gag "hurry", but it didn't quite sound that way. He looked around for a place to put me down. He first considered putting me on the floor of the deck but had second thoughts, probably because it would be difficult to pick me up again from the floor. He quickly decided to place me on a table on the deck, but it was covered in about two feet of snow, so once again I found myself lying on a bed of soft, freezing cold snow. You can be sure that I was not at all happy about my situation, but that was hard to tell through the gag in my mouth. He went back to the door but still could not open it. He looked through the window and said, "Shit, it's locked." A million things raced through my head; how could this happen? Didn't he just come out through that door? How are we going to get in now? Am I going to die of hypothermia? He took off his coat and tried to wrap me in it. It was certainly welcome warmth from the cold winter air, but my belly was still sitting in snow. Then, without warning he pulled his coat off of me and took off down the stairs and around the house. Now my heart really sank. He's left me to freeze to death, I thought. Where did he go? Was he coming back? Whatever he was up to, there was nothing I could do. My only option was to lie there in a pile of snow, tied up and naked. I could not feel my toes, my breasts and belly stung from the cold of the snow, my arms aches from the tight ropes and the freezing wind blew across my frozen back. I had no more energy and no more hope. In total despair, my head dropped into its portion of the snow bank that lay under it, burying my face in the soft white stuff. I thought to myself that they should find my body when the sun comes up. Then I heard a swishing noise and his voice saying, "I'm back". I struggled to pick up my head and saw him stepping out through the opened patio door. He picked me up, carried me through the door and put me down, this time on some towels on the table where he had tied me up. Then he took off again without removing my gag or any of the ropes! I tried to mumble something through the gag but it did no good. A minute later he showed up again and the sweetheart wrapped a warm fuzzy towel around me and hugged me saying how sorry he was about the disaster I just endured. The warm towel felt so good but it quickly cooled off and became soaking wet from the snow that was stuck to me. He rolled me halfway over and put another warm towel under me to soak up the puddle that was forming under me. Off came the top towel and it was replaced with another warm towel that he wrapped around my shoulders. With my head out of the towel he began working on removing my gag. I think the cloth gag was frozen because he struggled to untie it but the knot finally let loose and the gag came out. At this point, after being tied, gagged and nearly frozen to death, the moment seemed to call for something profound from me. You know something really meaningful. The only thing I could think of saying was, "I don't think I want to try that again." He hugged me tight again and I think he began to cry. I tried to comfort him but, still being tied up, that was difficult. He was really troubled over the ordeal that I had just endured, but I had to share some of that responsibility too since it was my idea in the first place. Well, not the part about burying me in the snow, but that would never have happened if I had not hatched the crazy plan to start with. After he seemed to regain his composure I asked him how his feet were. He looked confused as he asked me what I thought was wrong with his feet as he started to untie the rope that held my feet so close to my head. I told him that I remembered him saying something about how cold his feet were after he put me down in the snow bank. I did not mention the snow that was thrown on top of me. --- How could she be concerned about my feet that got a chill while I was tossing her into a snowbank and burying her alive! I was speechless after realizing that she cared about what I went through in the snow. I gave her a big hug, which was rather difficult the way she was tied up. I think she thought I was trying to fondle her. I started working on all the ropes starting with the one securing her ankles in her hog-tie. As it came loose her legs began to straighten but the rope tying her arms to her calves held the hog-tie pretty tight. It had to be removed before her legs could relax. When this rope was removed her legs could finally straighten and as they did her hands that were held between her knees just slid out. Next I worked on her elbow rope and then her forearms. When her arms were finally free, she rolled over, sat up, hopped off the table and gave me a huge hug followed by a deep kiss. Naked and ankles still tied, she was more interested in showing me affection than gaining her freedom from all the ropes. After sharing affection I asked her if she could finish untying herself. She said she could so I excused myself and headed up stairs. The master bedroom is equipped with a large whirlpool bath and I had headed up to prepare a hot bath with bath salts and all. A few minutes later she came upstairs looking for me with one of the bath towels wrapped around her. --- I was so touched by his gesture of preparing a hot bath for me I gave him another big hug. I dropped the towel and slid into a delightfully hot bath. For the first few minutes I just lay there with my eyes closed enjoying the warmth all around me as if there wasn't another soul in the world. I opened my eyes and was a little shocked to see him sitting on the side of the tub gazing at me. He said, "You look beautiful." The bath was huge so I invited him to join me. At first he hesitated but it didn't take much to convince him. He stripped his clothes off and stepped into the bath. This was the first time I saw him naked. His cock was huge with an erection that I don't know how long he had had it. We cuddled in the bath and I gave him a deep kiss. I slowly went to hold his hard cock but I guess it was the heat of the bath that had killed his erection. That did not stop him from enjoying my fondling. His fingers found my cunt and for the rest of the evening we both bathed in our mutual pleasure. more fancy with these effects.
