---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'That''s Magic 2: Bag Play'
authors:
- Adam N. Eaves
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- lycra
- bagged
- encased
- trunk
- breathplay
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-08-05 00:00:00
---

In Memory of Diane, my soulmate, who sadly passed away after her fight with cancer and is sadly missed. I hope in leaving this legacy to your readers that they can appreciate how much fun we had in acting out these fantasies.

This story follows on from ["That's Magic"](thats_magic.html)

Part 2: Bag Play

Now that master was satisfied that his little slave girl was happy with the bag he knew it was time to take it to another level. As she lay there naked on the bed gently playing with herself he prepared the things for the mega play. Firstly he dressed her up in the full tights suit including the soft silky face mask stocking. He stroked up and down her body as he smoothed the soft Lycra into place. He dwelled slightly around her nipples and pussy.

Feeling the wetness through the material already. Then came the zip up see through bag. Ian helped his slave into it slowly, easing her legs down into the bottom and positioning her bum against the other corner as he started to zip it up a little. The Lycra against the cold plastic made Diane shiver with excitement as she wriggled her buttocks and knees into place. Master zipped up a little more of the bag before easing her shoulders down towards her knees and chest. By now her nipples were on fire and like thumbs sticking up. Less than a foot to go now as he bent her head down even further and ran the zipper around behind her head.

The feeling was exquisite inside that bag, already beginning to cling to her body with the sweat and condensation. She heard the zipper moving above her head inch by inch until it stopped and she was fully enclosed inside. She tried to control her breathing now as her master locked the zip in place with a small padlock. The plastic bag began to move in and out with her every breath as she wriggled about best she could in her plastic prison. Master wasn’t finished though with his little slave. She had already mastered the bag and her breath control; this time she was going to need all of her concentration.

Ian manouvoured the bag slowly off the bed and onto the floor, rolling Diane over a few times, making her shudder with delight. There was very little room inside that bag to move at all, but there was going to be even less shortly. Master lifted the bag up at one end and eased the duvet cover over it, tugging it down until it was completely enclosed. Now the bag had gone dark inside as well as being hot and clammy. Ian tied the end of the duvet cover with a short length of chain and lock. Diane felt it clunk against the bag at the bottom as her master patted her bottom with his hand. This almost made her cum at once but she held back.

She didn’t know how much air was left in the bag or long she could stay in it but already the plastic was beginning to tighten around her face. The sweat was running in rivulets down her back and juices from her pussy between her thighs. She resisted the temptation to frig herself off there and then thinking that her master wasn’t done yet. She was all too right, his fiendishly plotting mind had to make sure his little slave girl was taken to the edge. He dragged the trunk over to where the bag lay all wrapped up in the duvet cover. He watched and listened as the plastic made delightful noises as it compressed inwards at Diane’s every breath. He knew he had to be quick now, so he lifted the bag up and lowered it gingerly down into the trunk. Barely enough room for it to fit, every inch of that wooden, velvety lined trunk taken up with his bagged slave girl.

He lowered the lid down and Diane heard that familiar click of the catches on the sides of the trunk and had already sussed out where she was to be held captive. Right now she was gasping for what little air remained inside her plastic tomb but was also so turned on by it all. Master surveyed his handiwork as he played with his rock hard cock in his hand. Thinking of his slave girl trapped inside with less than a minute to survive. He imagined her wriggling hard as she came to orgasm and gulped at the non-existent air, which made him cum himself, showering his jism high into the air.

Inside the trunk inside the duvet cover, inside the plastic bag, Diane came violently and shuddered. Her mind working overtime wondering if she was going to make it out in time as wave after wave hit her frail gasping body. Just as the orgasm subsided and she thought she was going to pass out, she was aware of light again and her master speaking through the fog in her mind. He helped her quickly out of the bag and she gulped fresh air for the first time. That must have been some record she thought to herself as her body continued to twitch at the after shocks of her most powerful orgasm yet.

Master kissed her softly and congratulated her on a fine performance, hugging her tight until she drifted off into a deep and comfortable sleep. Who knows what her master would have planned for her next time she dreamt.
