---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Special Delivery
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- Solo-M
- outdoors
- shortcut
- M+/m
- thugs
- discovery
- F/m
- bedtie
- bond
- captive
- rope
- strip
- kiss
- femdom
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2017-02-18 00:00:00
---

India. It was still hard to believe I was really here. When I applied for my college's study abroad program I thought for sure I'd end up in some freezing Eastern European nation. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he would end up anywhere as beautiful as here. I also never thought I'd run out of money while I was here either. So there I was working my way through college as a courier ... in India.

One day I had a delivery on the other side of the very,very crowded city. So I thought I'd take one of my co-worker's advice and try a short cut he'd told me about. That, it turned out, was a mistake. Turns out shortcuts work better when you can read the signs. So I had no idea where the hell I was. Oh wait scratch that. Judging by the large scary men advancing on me with knives I knew exactly where I was: in deep shit.

"Look I don't have much money, just take it."

"Don't worry, we will," the lead thug spat, "and the box."

"It's not mine. I'm just a delivery boy."

"Too bad for you then."

I ran. Stupid, I know, but I wasn't thinking too hard at that point. I wasn't running too fast either. They were soon beating the hell out of me. The only thing that saved me? The chase had taken me onto a pedestrian bridge. I fell over into the river below.

I have no idea what happened next. Probably never will. All I do know is I woke up ... somewhere. Where the hell was I? I was in someone's house. That much I knew. I was in a bed. OK, this boded well. Then I noticed something strange about my feet. They were bare, bound together and tethered to the bottom of the bed.

"What the hell?"

Then my groggy mind took in the whole situation. My hands were bound together above my head and tethered to the headboard. All of my clothes had been removed and I had apparently been cleaned up. But by who? Well that question was soon answered. A gorgeous young Indian maiden waltzed into the room. Just a little over 5 foot her lean tight little body glistened under the beautiful fabrics she adorned herself with. Long strait black hair framed a face that appeared to have been chiseled by a master artist.

"Oh good my new man is up."

"Who are you?"

"Queen Zoya."

"Queen?"

"Yes, you're queen my silly little man."

"How did I get here?"

"I found you in the river."

"Where are my clothes?"

"They were wet. I threw them away."

"Why am I tied up?"

"So you can't leave."

She said this like it was the most natural thing in the world.

"Why wouldn't you want me to leave?"

Maybe it was the fall but none of this was making sense to me.

"Because you're mine now. I've prayed for years for a man to own. Then I found you. So I'm keeping you."

"You can't keep me. I have a job, a life."

"I am your life now."

"OK enough of this. Untie me now or ..."

I was cut off when she grabbed my head and began to ravish my mouth with her own. She tossed off her clothes and mounted me. Now I've made love with a woman before but I've never had a woman make love to me before. It was like a coiled spring had just been released. She soon had herself wrapped all around me screwing me with a passion I never thought possible. It was like she was trying to consume me with her body and was succeeding.

"I don't know why you would ever want to go back," she told me in-between mini-orgasms, "it's clear they don't care about you like I do."

"What do you mean?"

"Look."

She pointed to the floor. The box I was delivering lay there open. Baggies of drugs were clearly visible. That son of a bitch. It hadn't been a shortcut. It had been a set up. Some kind of drug deal gone wrong or something. Well screw them. He didn't need that job that bad. Zoya began her assault anew. Let Zoya keep him for a while that'll show them. Who knows, maybe having a queen would be a good thing after all.
