---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tightly Bound Bride
authors:
- Alexis
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- F/f
- bond
- bdsm
- boxed
- packaged
- straps
- insert
- anal
- intubate
- gag
- blindfold
- hood
- collar
- armbinder
- torment
- spank
- cuffs
- clamps
- nipple
- denial
- vag
- climax
- cons/ns
- xx
---

(story continues from [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride07.html))

**Chapter Eight**

Mary
waited for hours.  She waited quietly, of course, but she didn’t wait
patiently!  She dreamt of nothing, and thought of nothing other than
having James’s manhood replace any and all of the three phalluses wedged
in her three pink openings.  Mary wished that he had three penises,
so that she could take all three at once!

Finally
Mary felt the faint vibrations of a key in one of the locks on her cabinet. 
With the sound to her earphones turned off, and the box itself on a hard
floor, she could neither hear nor feel anyone approach, so the sound of
the key startled her into alertness.  One by one the locks were unfastened,
and the clasps opened.  Fresh air!  For the first time in a week
Mary felt cool air on her body.  “God,” she thought, “how precious
are the simple pleasures of life!”  The top of the box was carefully
opened, and Mary could feel hands disconnecting the external leads for
the earphones, and the breathing and feeding tubes from her nostrils and
the huge gag.  After breathing air which had passed through rubber
tubing for so long, the clean, cool smell of fresh air was better than
the best perfume.  She breathed greedily, half afraid that the lid
would again slam shut, and she would again find herself occluded behind
damp, confining rubber.  The hands were, however, surprisingly gentle,
and they had no intention of returning her to stringent confinement. 
Mary felt the straps holding her body immobile in the custom sculpted cavity
inside the box fall away one by one.

First
her head, then neck, then torso, waist, thighs, knees and ankles were released,
and the hands helped her out of the coffin-like confinement.  Mary
collapsed slowly to the floor.  Like an astronaut who had been weightless
for a long period, Mary had been supported by her bondage to the point
that her limbs were too weak to support her weight.  She flopped 
helplessly on the floor, still hooded and gagged, with her wrists still
bound at the small of her back.   Mary felt the hands gently
but purposefully roll her onto her stomach.  Slowly the plug up her
rear passage was removed.  She felt a relief of inward pressure, and
then with a slow twisting and pulling motion, the huge shaft which had
held her sphincter dilated and aching for so long was pulled free with
a wet, slurping sound.  Mary groaned with relief.  She was rolled
onto her back, and eagerly spread her legs to assist with the next chore. 
The gentle hands grasped the even large dildo which was wedged inside her
pussy, and with the same slow motion, it was pulled free.  Again,
Mary groaned, then gasped with delight when she heard a voice speak. 
It was James!  She could not know whether the hands had been his,
or whether he had been assisted by Erika, or one of the servants. 
She didn’t really care, as long as her James was here!

 Despite
the weakness of her long ordeal and her bound arms, Mary twisted onto her
side, got her knees under her body, and with a grunt of effort, heaved
herself onto her knees.  She shuffled slowly in the direction of James’s
voice, then bent forward, head bowed in the classic, submissive posture
of a slavegirl.  Despite being happy to have the two huge dildoes
removed from her twin holes, she found herself feeling rather empty! 
“Oh James,” she begged silently, “please, oh please fuck me!”

“Well,
my Dear,” she heard him say, “you have had quite a week!”  She felt
him kneel beside her.  His hands grasped the padlock to the collar
which fastened her hood in place.  “You are probably ready for a nice
hot bath, and a good night’s sleep in a soft bed.”  She felt the key
slide into the lock.......... ”MMMMMPPHHHHH!” Mary reared up, bucking and
whinnying like an unbroken filly.  She twisted away from James’ grip,
shaking her head violently from side to side.  “NNNUUHH...HUUUUHHHH!”

James
waited until her outburst subsided.  Mary continued to kneel at his
feet, but now her chest was heaving from exertion and her breath rasped
noisily from the nose holes of the black helmet.  “You don’t wish
a bath?” James asked.  Quieter now, Mary shook her head, “Nuh...Huh.” 
“You wish to remain bound?”  She nodded, and resumed her submissive
slave posture.  “Would you like to have your gag removed, so we can
speak about it?”  Mary raised up, and cocked her leather encased head
to the side, as if she was thinking.  After a moment of reflection,
she nodded.  James reached behind her head, and unlocked, then unbuckled
the strap.  Taking the two ends in one hand, and holding her skull
with the other, he twisted the gag 90 degrees to free her teeth from the
slots at the top and bottom of the shaft, then pried the huge plug from
between her lips.  It suddenly popped free, unleashing a gush of saliva
which dribbled down Mary’s chin, and onto the floor.  Mary groaned
softly.  It was a pleasure to be free of the gag, but also painful
as her jaw muscles cramped after having been forced open for so long.

James
waited patiently until Mary was able to close her mouth.  Her tongue
gathered up some of the drool inside her mouth, and used it to lubricated
her parched, stretched lips.  Finally, after several minutes, 
she turned her blind, hooded head in James direction, and tried to speak. 
“Maashhtuhhh” she croaked, unintelligibly.  She licked her lips, stretched
her jaw, wiggled her tongue, and tried again.  “Master”, she said
hesitantly, “I have been helplessly bound almost continually since we were
married, and all that time, I have thought about only one thing........and
it’s not a bath.” This attempt at humor earned a chuckle from James. 
“What have you been thinking about?” he asked.  “All I want is for
you to fuck me!” she answered, “Then I’ll truly be your wife, and I’ll
know you are really my husband, and you can keep me tied for the rest of
my life, if you wish.”  “You have been a very good slavegirl, and
you have earned your reward,” he answered, “but wouldn’t you rather clean
up and rest first?  “No!” she exclaimed.  “I want you to put
my gag back in my mouth, or a bigger one if you have one, and tighten it
much more tightly.  I want you to tie me so stringently that I can’t
wiggle a finger, and then I want you to fuck me silly!  Fuck all my
holes.   Fuck me until you cannot fuck anymore!”

Mary
waited for his response.  When it was not immediately forthcoming,
she unleashed the last arrow in her quiver.  “Maybe,” she said with
a sarcastic tone, “you keep me filled with dildoes because you can’t fuck
a woman properly.”  She waited a moment.  “Perhaps you don’t
have anything that a woman might we interested in?”  James laughed
heartily.  “My Dear, be careful what you ask for....because you just
might get it!” James walked away, and Mary heard a cabinet door open. 
He returned to her side, and took her helmeted head in his had.  “Open.”
he commanded.  “Master, can I say something.....before you gag me?”
she asked.  “What is it?”  “I was a very bad girl to talk to
you like I did......I think I should be whipped.”  “I was thinking
the same thing.” James responded, as he wedged the blunt end of a huge
plug gag between her lips.  He couldn’t see it, but in the moment
before the gag entered Mary’s mouth, she was smiling!

 “MMMMMMPPPPFFFFHHH!”,
Mary exclaimed as her teeth were jacked apart by the springy rubber.

The
gag pushed inexorably into her mouth until the blunt end reached her soft
palate.  Mary fought off a  choking sensation as her teeth slipped
into a groove just behind the pad that covered her lower face.  The
gag was so thick that her tongue was pushed to the floor of her mouth,
and even with the strap unbuckled she couldn’t open her mouth wide enough
to free her teeth from the slots and push the gag out.  James left
the gag unbuckled, and turned his attention to the discipline helmet. 
Since he knew that she would be laced up for a full week, he hadn’t fully
tightened the lacing.  This was now remedied.  James unbuckled
Mary’s collar revealing the knotted end of the laces.  He unfastened
the knot, then systematically began tightening the laces from the crown
of her head down the back to her neck.  Once had had made one pass
from end to end, he started back at the top, and re-tightened each set
of loops.  After a third time the edges of the helmet were overlapped,
and the laces were nearly touching.  The helmet was like a second
skin, but tighter.  There was no slack or pucker anywhere in the black
leather.  Satisfied with his work, James tied off the laces.

Rather
than reattach the rather comfortable collar, he went to the closet and
selected a leather and steel horror that was much like a medical orthopedic
collar, except more severe, much stiffer, and capable of being more tightly
fastened.  He fixed the collar around Mary’s neck, forcing her head
up.  Patiently he adjusted the series of five buckles at the back
of her neck.  As each was tightened, Mary was forced to stretch her
neck and bend her head back to accommodate the rigid collar under her chin. 
James tightened each buckle again, and each time he took up a slight bit
of slack, Mary felt her head become more rigidly confined.  When fully
satisfied, James turned his attention back to the gag.  Even with
the straps hanging free Mary was completely stifled.  The gag was
virtually airtight, and with the plug resting against the back of her throat,
she was forced to gasp for air through snorting nostrils.  James passed
the strap through the buckle behind her head, and tightened the strap three
notches before fastening and locking the buckle.  The head of the
gag was wedged more tightly inside her mouth, and the thick, airtight pad
mashed her lips against her teeth.  James picked up a small Allen
wrench, and inserted it into a matching socket  protruding from the
center of Mary’s gag.  When he turned the wrench internal cams within
the rubber gag began to expand the internal structure of the gag, pushing
the pliant rubber external covering in all directions.  Mary felt
the gag begin to swell against the roof of her mouth, and depress her tongue
even more firmly.  More troublesome, however was the intrusion of
rubber past her jacked open teeth and filled her cheeks.  James continued
to turn the socket, and Mary’s cheeks swelled against the tight leather
of the helmet.  When James finally stopped, Mary looked like a black
squirrel, with a big acorn stuffed into each cheek.  “Mmmmmph.” came
out of her leather encased head no louder than a soft sigh.  It was
the loudest sound she could make!

James
took Marys arm, and helped his wife to her feet.  He went behind her
back and loosened her wrists which were crossed at the small of her back,
and refastened them together palm to palm with a small leather strap. 
He picked up a single glove made of heavy black leather, and after loosening
the laces began to slip the garment up Mary’s arms.  When her hands
were firmly shoved into the pocket that the end of the glove, he drew straps
sewn into the upper part of the glove across Mary’s shoulders and chest,
and buckled them tightly.  This would keep the glove from sliding
down her arms.  Once secure, James began lacing the glove the same
way he had laced the hood—slowly and systematically pulling the edges together
from end to end, then returning to the beginning to do it again. 
As the glove became tighter, Mary’s forearms came together until her elbows
were touching and her shoulders were drawn cruelly back.  External
straps were tightened over the laces, one at her wrists, elbows and upper
arms, then the straps over her shoulders were tightened again.

With
her shoulders drawn back, and head in its forced erect position, Mary’s
proud posture made her beautiful breasts surge into magnificent prominence—two
firm orbs surmounted by thrusting stiff pink nipples.  James walked
Mary to a different part of the room, and helped her to sit on the floor. 
A thick leather cuff which was heavily padded with soft sheepskin was buckled
around each ankle.  She heard a metallic click as a steel snaplink
was attached to a heavy ring sewn into each cuff.  James pushed Mary
onto her back until she was lying uncomfortably on her bound arms, but
that concern was only momentary as Mary felt her legs being drawn upwards
and outwards.  She was aware of the sound of the winch as slowly her
legs came off the floor, followed by her butt, then her back and shoulders,
and finally, her head.  Mary hung helplessly upside down as she was
pulled higher, until her head was several feet off the ground, and her
feet were spread at least 4 feet apart.  She felt like the wishbone,
when someone was making a wish!  With her legs spread so wide, her
most feminine parts were helplessly displayed and available, but there
was nothing she could do about that now!  James fastened another snaplink
to the heavy ring in the end of the glove confining her hands.  This
link was attached to another cable, and another winch.  When the handle
was cranked Mary’s hands were pulled up behind her, drawing her back into
a painful backwards bow, with her arms and legs skyward, and her helmeted
head hanging down.  This position only served to make the magnificent
breasts even more prominent!

Locked
inside her helmet, Mary could barely hear James, but what he said made
her blood run cold.  “I believe, My Dear, that you requested a whipping.” 
Mary groaned softly.  “You dumb blond,” she thought to herself, “you
deserve to be gagged, because whenever you talk, you always say something
that gets you in worse trouble!”

James
picked up a thick, wide leather strap and began to slowly and teasingly
warm and redden Mary’s backside.  He started on the left cheek, and
the first slash left a 4 inch wide, bright red strip on the white flesh. 
His arm fell again and again, until the marks on her skin overlapped, and
the entire firm globe was a uniform red......and then he did the same thing
to the other cheek.  Hanging upside down, Mary jumped and twisted
as the first blows struck, but soon her only reaction was a muffled whimper. 
When James finished her backside, he turned his attention to her lush,
white thighs.  Soon they too were crimson from ass to knee, front
and back.  The leisurely beating continued for another hour, with
James changing implements every ten minutes or so......a riding crop which
left dark bruises, a many tailed whip with a fiery sting, a heavy paddle
which made a “splat” when it impacted her flesh, and finally, and most
painfully, the cane!

If
Mary had known when it felt like to be slashed with a stout, but limber
cane, she would never, ever, have begged to be whipped.  James delivered
ten cuts, three on each cheek, and two on each thigh.  The first cut
awoke Mary from the stupor one enters from having been gagged and hooded,
then beaten to the point of being numb.  It hurts, there is nothing
you can do about it, so your body just “shuts down.” as an act of self-preservation. 
There is no tolerating the cane, however!  The body just wants to
get away from it!  When the first stroke fell, the helpless girl gasped
in agony, thrashing wildly.  By the 5th stroke she was sobbing. 
After there were 10 purple weals on her bottom and thighs she was certain
that she would die....and then the main event began.......

Mary
could not believe that a man would whip his beloved’s sex!  When the
first stinging slap of the strap impacted the pink spot between her widely
splayed legs she gasped with disbelief.  This could not be happening! 
In rapid succession there were nine more hard strokes, and her pussy changed
from a soft pink to a fiery red.  It also became wet, much to her
amazement and chagrin!  Before the sting of the last blow had begun
to dissipate, Mary felt another feeling.  It was soft and soothing
and altogether wonderful!  James’s mouth had found the hot, wet spot
between her legs!  Mary moaned with gratitude as the lips and tongue
gently laved and caressed the red, tormented flesh.  It felt so good! 
He sucked one pussy lip into his mouth, and gently chewed on it, then did
the other, and Mary almost burst with pleasure.  His tongue found
the erect pleasure bud, and the bound girl whimpered, and ground her hips
into his face.  The pleasure was exquisite!

Then
he whipped her pussy again!  Ten more strokes, harder this time. 
When he was finished, he again gently sucked and kissed the hot, sensitive
flesh.  Then, another whipping!  This time he alternated between
the strap between her legs, and a small thin whip which left red stripes
on her breasts, and hurt her terribly when it cut across her stiff, sensitive
nipples.  When he had all of Mary’s sensitive places on fire, his
lips again sought out the slit between her legs and his fingers pinched
the abused nipples.  Mary could no longer resist the fusion of pain
and pleasure.  As his lips found the red nubbin of her clitoris, and
his fingers twisted the two thrusting nipples, Mary crashed into orgasm. 
All the feelings and longings from the week of helpless, motionless captivity
erupted from the core of her being.  It lasted for several minutes,
and James kept his lips, tongue and fingers at work until she began to
subside.  He then left her hanging, her chest heaving and her breathing
a wet, labored effort.

 Sometime
later, after Mary had quieted down, James returned.  He looked at
his wife, hanging lifelessly in her bonds.  He was sure that her shoulders
ached from being in the tight confines of the glove, and he knew that the
immense gag was wedged uncomfortably in her throat, and that it was a continuing
struggle to breath.  He put his hand on her pussy, and nodded, contented
that the flesh was still wet and warm an hour after her last orgasm. 
Now, he decided, it was his turn to have pleasure.  If she found pleasure
also...so much the better!

 James
released the winch holding Mary’s arms aloft behind her, and allowed her
back to un-arch.  She moaned happily at the relief of stress. 
James then lowered the other winch, and Mary felt her legs come together,
and her entire body began to melt into the floor.  James guided her
leather encased head down, then her shoulders, back, butt and legs. 
Mary lay quietly, arms still bound in the single glove, but legs free.

He
grasped her by the arm, and pulled her upright until she stood in front
of him.  He lead his wife to another part of the room, and loudly
commanded her to spread her legs.  James voice sounded muffled inside
the helmet, but Mary could understand what he was saying, and complied. 
She felt him lock the ankle cuff on her right leg in a spread position,
and then the same with her left.  He put his hand in the center of
her back, and gave her a push forward, encouraging her to bend at the waist. 
She did, and found a hard wooden plank crossing her abdomen just above
her hip bones.  James attached a link to the ring on the front of
her posture collar, and pulled her head down another few inches, until
he was able to snap the end of a short chain between the collar and a ringbolt
on the floor.  Mary was left standing in a severely bent over position,
with her head held down and her legs held spread apart.  He attached
another link to the end of her single glove, and pulled her arms up toward
the ceiling.  When they were perpendicular to the ground, and under
suitable tension, he snapped the chain into a ringbolt above her.

Finally,
he bent in front of his wife, and teased her two nipples into urgent, throbbing
erection.  Once they were stiff, Mary gasped in pain as he clipped
a biting clamp on first one, then the other nipple.  The clamps were
linked by a short chain, and James tied a cord at the center of the chain,
and then looped the other end through the ringbolt on the floor. 
He tensioned the cord, until Mary’s breasts began to stretch painfully,
and the clamps bit more securely into her tender flesh.  As he knelt
in front of her, he put his lips beside her ear, and spoke softly, but
loudly enough for Mary to hear him, despite the leather helmet.  “As
you requested, My Love..... no dildoes.  Just my flesh and yours.” 
He caressed her leather covered head.  “ I believe you said, “Fuck
me until you can’t fuck anymore?” ” he asked.  He laughed softly,
then stood.  Walking around his helpless, bent over wife, he reached
out to caress her tight cheeks and inviting pink openings.  His finger
caressed her asshole, then probed gently.  Despite having been cleaved
by the dildo for a week, the opening was nice and tight.  His hand
drifted downward, parting the lips.  He frowned slightly....”Wet,”
he said quietly, “but not wet enough.”

Mary
barely had time to evaluate the implications of this statement when her
backside erupted in fire.  “Oh no, not again!” she groaned to herself. 
In less than a minute James administered 30 hard blows with the strap. 
Instantly Mary’s bottom turned red, and began to swell.  James took
up the whip, and gave his wife another thirty stinging blows.  Mary
whimpered and a muffled cry escaped her gagged lips as the fiery sting
of the whip was replaced by the deep, searing pain of the cane.  Ten
quick, agonizing cuts, then almost instantaneously he plunged his throbbing
tool deeply into her now sopping love nest.  Mary screamed at the
exquisite feeling, writhing in her bondage.  Her wiggling served to
tug on the cord and chain holding her nipple clamps under tension. 
The pain of her ravaged nipples, together with her scorched bottom and
the wonderful warm shaft wedged inside her pussy was too much for her,
and within moments she was having yet another deep orgasm.  James
smiled, holding his wife at the hips, and pumping heavily.  James
played her like a fine violin, speeding up to build her passion, then slowing
down to prolong his pleasure and deny hers.  He allowed her to build
to another climax, and timed his release to hers, so that his spewed his
seed inside her just as she was going over the edge.  Finally, they
were joined as man and wife.  James stayed inside her as he grew soft,
and Mary whimpered when he withdrew.

 \*
\* \* \* \*

Sometime
later, after James had enjoyed a glass of a fine Cognac, and Mary had endured
the enforced boredom of stringent, solitary bondage, he returned. 
Again, Mary felt his hand caress and probe the areas of his most immediate
interest.  Her pussy was still warm and wet, but that was not James’
concern at the moment.  Mary shivered as she felt something cold and
slippery being deposited along the crack in her ass, then clenched involuntarily
as two fingers spread and lubricated her tight, pink opening.  “Relax.”
he told her in a tone of voice somewhere between a command and a suggestion. 
She did relax, and while his member was very nice, it was smaller than
some of the rubber shafts that had invaded her anal passage recently, and
she found his insertion to be pleasant and pain free.  Once buried
to the hilt James began a slow, rhythmic pumping.  Mary tried to assist,
but her bonds were too tight to allow anything other than a feeble wiggle. 
She stayed bent in an enforced passive state, and enjoyed the feeling of
a warm, throbbing, loving presence up her channel.  James was able
to reach a hand around to the front, and gently massage the stiff clit
while he continued to pump from behind.  It took her longer to reach
arousal this time, but that was fine with him, since he was in less of
a hurry the second time around.  After a pleasurable passage of time,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwards again found bliss in mutual orgasms.  Again he
withdrew, leaving his wife to her bondage and her thoughts.

Four
more times he returned, alternating orifices each time, and each time he
spewed his seed deeply into her body.  After the last time, he stayed
away for quite some time.  Mary stood forlornly bend over in discomfort,
the evidence of their coupling oozing slickly down her thighs, and waited. 
Her arms were beginning to go numb, and the hood and gag had rendered her
head a throbbing mass of pain.  “How much more can he do?” she wondered. 
At about that time she heard him re-enter the room.  His hands roamed
her helpless body, feeling the tension in her legs, the stress in her wracked
shoulders, and her face beneath the skintight hood.  His hand wandered
between her legs, and gently he began to rub her slippery, wet pussy. 
To her surprise the clit came erect almost immediately, and a flush of
warmth and pleasure suffused her loins.  She felt him enter her again,
his manhood still rigid and insistent as it plundered her soft passage. 
He fucked her slowly and steadily......and on....and on.  “Now I know
what it means to be  ”fucked silly” she thought to herself after he
was finished and gone, “because I am one well fucked little girl!”

She
stood in her bondage for another hour.  Then, to her surprise it was
not James who released her, but  Felice, the maid.  Mary could
not have known that James, sated and slightly drunk, was already asleep
by the time she was released!

The
best part of being free was having the discipline helmet removed after
a week.  Mary looked at herself in the mirror.  Her hair was
a damp, tangled mess and her skin was pale and creased by the pressure
of the hood.  Her jaw ached, and there were deep red gouges at the
corners of her mouth where the gag strap has dug deeply into her flesh. 
Then she looked herself in the eye, and saw the happy, shining eyes of
a woman in love.  She smiled at her image, then climbed into bed. 
Her sleep was filled with dreams.



2002

story continues in [**Tightly Bound Bride**](tightly_bound_bride09.html)

o0o
