---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Love of Rubber
authors:
- Willy Jim
tags:
- Solo-M
- MF-m
- Sbm
- mpov
- latex
- catsuit
- public
- inflatable
- hood
- hotel
- mast
- breathplay
- urine
- stuck
- collar
- shop
- club
- tease
- toys
- vacbed
- straitjacket
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-02-25 00:00:00
---

### Europe

#### **Part One**

Time for another business trip. This time I am heading to Europe, England and Germany to be specific. I am scheduled to visit a number of businesses which my company might be interested in buying. Of course that is not my only interest in traveling to Europe. I always try to include my passion for rubber as much as possible during these trips. What better places to explore a rubber fantasy than in England and Germany, the epicenter of the rubber fetish world.

My travel plans have me leaving Chicago on an afternoon flight putting in at Heathrow early in the morning. This allows me to head into London for a couple of morning meetings. My travel attire will once again be my “hero” rubber suit under my dress clothes. This suit has served me well for travel. It is a “Farmer John '' style sleeveless suit with attached socks, no zipper and suspender top. It is invisible to airport security. However this time this will be the only rubber Item I bring from the states. I plan to travel light plus I don’t need customs questioning my belonging. I have other plans. You see, I have plans to use this trip to add some new and delicious items to my rubber collection. I pre ordered several items months ago with the express plans to pick them up at the suppliers during travel. They will be a crucial part of my diabolical rubber agenda.

I am dressed and ready for my flight. I arrive in plenty of time to get through TSA, have a quick drink and board the plane. It's about an eight hour flight and since I plan to hit the ground running, I decide to sleep as much as I can on the plane. No sneaking off to the restroom to pleasure myself this time. I settle down in my seat luxuriating in my warm rubber suit. It takes a while but sleep finally comes.

I managed to sleep almost the entire way, waking as we began to descend. It took forever to clear out the plane to the point I could exit. Customs usually takes about 45 minutes to an hour however this time it took almost an hour and a half. The delay was good in one sense as my bag was ready to pick up. I then head for the “Tube”.  The underground railway gets me from Heathrow to central London in under an hour. Prices are about £5.50, making it one of the cheapest travel routes to London from Heathrow. It requires a bit of walking to the terminal. Notice my rubber suit is heating up a bit. I hope the weather is on the cool side as I will be stuck in this suit well into nightfall. I pop up near Hyde Park. Once I get my bearings I head off to my first meeting near Piccadilly. I flag a taxi and I am there in no time.

Both of my meetings went well. This was only a meet and greet. Factory tours would come in the next few days. I begged off dinner claiming jet lag. Actually I had other plans. I checked into my hotel at the Chamberlain near the Tower. I love these simple pocket hotels. As I expected, there was a package waiting for me. This should be my order from Cocoon Latex LTD. Months ago I ordered two suits from them with instructions to deliver them to my hotel today. The first suit was their PS2 inflatable suit with PS3 inflatable hood attached with glassine eyes. I love these suits. I had one several years ago and alway wanted another one. What I love about this inflatable is that once inflated the inner layer seals tight against my skin without undue pressure. It moves with me in ways that other suits don’t. The second suit is their FM12 which will eventually replace my “hero” suit.

With the package in hand I head for my room. I plan to consummate the inflatable suit this evening. I needed to eat first so I changed into casual clothes and headed out for a meal. I can’t remember where I ate. My mind was on other things but the food was good. I headed back to my room. First order of business was to unpack my new items. I love the smell of fresh latex. It has a chocolate smell. Next I jumped in the shower and removed my “hero” suit. I wanted to experience the feeling of the new suit by itself. I made sure I was completely dry then I retrieved a bottle of talc and puffed the inside of the suit then slowly slipped into it. What a feeling. It’s like I am about to rape a virgin suit. The unsullied rubber suit slipped on like a velvet stocking. I fit perfectly; not as tight as other suits but that would change once inflated. I slipped into the sleeves and attached gloves then pulled the hood over my face. The smell was intoxicating. Lastly I fastened a long lace to the head of the zipper then slowly steadily pulled the zipper up relishing the rubber embrace. Once the zipper reached the top of the hood I inserted a key into the special lining tab and sealed my fate for the next few hours.

All that was left to do was inflate the suit and hood. For this I pulled out a small battery powered inflator that I brought from the states. I connected the inflator to each of the three inflator valves beginning with the lower half. I nearly came as the suit began to hug my lower body. Next came the upper body portion. Again the flush of excitement was nearly overwhelming as the suit tightened against me. The hood was last. I gripped the breathing tube with my mouth. It was a short wait as the hood blossomed out applying sensuous pressure to my face and head. The feeling was total bliss unlike any of my other suits. I have other inflatables but they have thick rubber outer layers forcing severe pressure inward when inflated. This suit has equal weight rubber inside and out. The pressure is ever-present but forgiving. The gentle pressure against my skin is sensual arousing.

Normally I would be hastening to cum but this time I decided to savor the moment and simply lay back and luxuriate in my rubber cocoon. I was literally in a rubber stupor when the long day, the times changed, jet lag and all caught up with me and I drifted off to sleep.

I woke up sometime later. The plastic covered eyes of my blowup hood were steamed over to the point that I could not see the time. Luckily I could tell it was still dark outside so at least I did not oversleep. I was also enjoying my suit too much to get up. I just lay there enjoying my surroundings and planning some of the tantalizing scenarios I proposed for the rest of my trip. This began to stimulate more visceral passions which led me to quickly christen my virgin suit. As I came, I blacked out from the intensity of my climax. I am not sure how long I was out but when I came to I saw a glint of daylight though the steamed over eyes of rubber hood. Reluctantly I realized it was time for me to end my bliss and get ready for the day.

I sat up and removed the valve stems to deflate the suit. The delightful pressure is released from my body. It is then that I discover how much I sweat in the suit. Until now the air seals the suit tight to my skin so I can not feel the sweat seeping out of my pores. I reach for the key and unlock the zipper. I enter the shower before pulling down the zipper. Then I begin to strip out of the suit like a snake shedding his skin. Proper care for a blowup suit takes some understanding on how they are made. They have two layers of rubber. Normally air is pumped between the layers. However if water ever gets between the layers it is impossible to remove. Care must be taken to ensure the suit is sealed before laundering it. I make sure the valves are sealed and then shower myself and my suit. I toweled off the suit and hung it in the closet to dry. I begin my plans for the day. Unlike other trips, my rubber choices were pretty small. That would soon change. My choice today would be the second suit I bought from Cocoon which was a clone to my “hero” suit. Much like last evening I savored the thought of wearing a new suit for the first time. It did not disappoint.

Dressed and ready for business, I headed out to meet my clients at their factory. A car was waiting for me and we headed out. I was off to visit a factory in Birmingham. I was particularly interested in the company as they make latex rubber items for other industries. My mind was full of potential opportunities should I acquire this company. It is about a two hour drive. Travel along the M1 is not particularly interesting but as my rubber suit began to heat up and so did I.

We arrived at the factory. After greetings we toured the factory. It was not a huge operation but looked very efficient. They were dip molders with vat after vat of liquid latex. I immediately wanted to jump in and see how it felt to swim in a vat of liquid latex. They dip various shaped molds made out of ceramic. They hang up the shapes to dry then peel off the rubber. They were making industrial rubber gloves today. They required several dips into the latex to build up thickness. I wondered how many dips I would need to cover my body with a couple millimeters of rubber. Once cured the gloves were chlorinated in what looked like washing machines. The end product looked great. They showed me some of the unusual items that have been manufactured. They have made everything from bellows to balloons. They even showed me what looked like a rubber guitar neck that was used by a Swedish company as a mold to make instruments.

After the tour we sat and talked. My mind was elsewhere but I listened and pretended I cared. They brought in lunch and as we relaxed a bit. I asked them what was the strangest thing they were asked to make. They looked at each other and one guy blushed a bit and said there was a company in San Francisco that buys “kinky” stuff from them. Of course I asked what they bought. They stammered a bit and tried to describe the items in their best, very proper British. Translation, they sell rubber hoods, cock and ball sheaths, rubber shorts, gloves, and rebreather bags to “San Francisco”. Apparently they do so twice a year.

“My,” I said, “isn’t that interesting?” All the time I was thanking my tight rubber pants for restraining my raging hard-on.

Everyone laughed and we finished our lunch and I told them I was very interested in their business and had some ideas how we could expand their markets into the US. I asked for some samples to be sent back to my hotel along with a customs declaration. I would then forward the samples back to my office in the states. Half jokingly I ask them to include some of those “kinky” items as it would be fun to show them to the staff although I knew they would never see them. The drive back to London had my mind in a whirl. This is a Willy Wonka scenario. I obviously had work to do to see if the financials work but this could be a good catch all the way around..

I returned to London at about mid day. My afternoon was free so I decided to make the best of it. I am off to Covent Garden to visit Libitex’s Liberation shop. When in Rome… Besides, I pre-ordered some items that I needed to pick up. I ordered items that would work out better should I want to attend any rubber social fetish functions. Their boutique in London not only stocks a wide range of their latex clothing, but they claim to be central London’s only latex clothing store. They call themselves “London’s coolest kink boutique” They claim to be well supplied with a good selection of garments from the Libidex latex collections, and offer a fascinating range of adult toys and a few kinky antiques. Sounds like my kind of place. They also sell tickets for many major fetish events in the UK. Who knows there might be something going on while I am here.

I arrived at the Libation shop around 2:00PM. The staff was very welcoming. I introduced myself and told them of my preorder. They went off to find my items. Within a couple of minutes they returned with a package. Inside were two delicious items, one was a “Male Bianca Jumpsuit”. This is a loose fitting suit ideal for lounging around in rubber. The second was an “Evolution Catsuit”. This rubber catsuit comes with an attached full face hood, glove, and “T” designed shoulder zips. Either one of these would be better suited for rubber social events. I was asked if I wanted to try them on in one of their dressing rooms. I declined since I was already wearing rubber. I decided to look around before paying for my order. I found a pair of “Chuck Taylor” style shoes in latex. I bought them as well. They would be great to wear when in hidden rubber out among the vanillas. Before I left they informed me that there was an upcoming rubber fetish party later in the week that might interest me. I considered it since it coincided with my return trip to the states.

I returned to my hotel around 6:00 PM with my new items anxious to add them to my rubber choices for the evening. I was greeted at the desk with a rather large box fresh from my friends in Birmingham. I gathered up the box and headed to my room to further explore my prizes. I removed my Libitex items and placed them in the dresser. I then opened the box of samples to see what they sent me. I was immediately overcome by the rubber fragrance coming out of the package. I quickly rummaged through the various items looking to see if they added some of San Francisco's finest. They did indeed. Three luscious hoods in three different colors, three ball and cock sheaths, a pair of elbow length gloves, and a pair of rubber shorts with attached sheaths. The hoods must have come directly out of production as the breathing hole had yet to be punched. So much the better. The rest of the items were interesting but of little concern to me at this point. I took out the kinkier items and added them to my growing rubber stash. They may prove handy later in the evening.

I was getting hungry and decided to return to the restaurant I visited earlier. I ate and returned to my room to lay things out for the evening. Even though my rubber collection was growing, none of these items were as extreme as I am used to. I would just have to make do. I rummaged through my rubber quarry from Birmingham and decided that I could put something together which would be sufficiently entertaining. I pulled out the gloves, a hood, and the shorts with attached sheaths. I slipped into the shower and removed my new “hero” suit. I had sufficiently christened it with sweat and pre-cum.

I then donned the sheath pants, gloves, and my new Bianca Jumpsuit. I loved the way this suit with its flowing folds of rubber caresses my body without any restriction. I turned on the television. laid back, and gently stroked myself though the folds of my rubber suit. I eventually came seduced by my new rubber surroundings. All the pent up passions of the day melted away as I succumbed to my orgasmic afterglow. I came several times as the evening progressed, each more intense than the other.

Finally I was getting tired and decided to end the evening with a bang. I grabbed one of the rubber hoods and stretched it over my head. I held my breath as long as I could, realizing that when I finally tried to breathe there would be no air available in this tight rubber hood. I stoked myself with a frenzy forcing myself to cum once again before removing the hood. Which would win out, my libido or my starvation for air. I could no longer hold my breath and I frantically tried to inhale. Nothing came through the tight rubber layer on my face. I felt the hood suck into my gaping mouth. Suddenly I exploded in my sheath with a torrent of passion. I grabbed the edge of the hood and removed it just in time. I lay there gasping for air feeling like I was in a free fall. Even though I was hot beyond belief, awash of sweat in my new suit, and overflowing with cum, I quickly drifted off to sleep. A slumber of a thousand raptures.

I woke up the next morning once again swaddled in rubber. I slept later than I planned so I reluctantly got up and readied myself for my final day in London. I will travel to Germany later this evening. I cleaned up myself and my rubber, dressed and headed out to meet the car waiting to take me to a factory in the Docklands. For the first time I did not take the time to dress in any rubber. As a result the day dragged on excessively. I was not impressed with the factory operations. We maintained a pleasant conversation but I think they realized that I was not interested in their company.

They delivered me back to my hotel. I needed to first of all pack, then make plans to package up some of my newly acquired rubber items and ship them home. There would be more to come as I had further plans while in Germany. I packaged up my inflatable suit, and my non-kinky Birmingham rubber items and arranged to ship them home. The rest I packed in my luggage to stay with me for the duration. I was looking forward to Germany. I had been in contact with several rubber vendors searching for a special item for my collection. I am anxious to see what they came up with. For now I need to finish packing my stuff and dressing for the flight. My “Hero” suit will do nicely. I love how it feels under my street clothes. Bag in hand I head for the taxi stand then off to the London City Airport. It's smaller and more convenient than Heathrow, especially for short flights. More adventures to come.

#### **Part Two**

My stay in London was fruitful but now I am off to Germany. I take a taxi to the London City Airport. Once on the plane it will take about three hours. I plan to catch some sleep once I settle into my seat. After sorting out our queue on the runway, we are quickly in the air. Next thing I know we are landing in Munich. Again there is a car waiting to take me to a factory. The drive takes about forty minutes and we end up in a small town where the name is too long to pronounce. Everyone was very friendly and the meeting went well. The only catch was when we toured the factory floor. It was swelteringly hot. I was roasting in my rubber suit. I am sure my face was flush by the time we ended the tour. No one said anything but I am sure they noticed. Once we finished our business talk, they invited me to lunch. We went to a local cafe in this little village. Unfortunately we sat in the sunshine and I continued stewing in my rubber. After lunch we exchanged final pleasantries and I returned to the car where I welcomed the air conditioned comfort.

I headed back to Munich. This would be a short day for at least business wise. My hotel this evening would be the Hotel Im Hof in city central. This is ideal as Munich is a treasure trove of fetish shops within walking distance. I expect I will be visiting as many as I can. We arrived at my hotel and I checked in. I needed to change into something casual but first I needed to pleasure myself. All the hot steamy rubber had taken its toll on my libido. I stripped down to my rubber suit and quickly raped the pillows and bedding. Refreshed and revitalized, I dressed again and headed out for an evening full of fetish and fantasy.

My first stop would be DeMask. I preordered a fair amount of items which I planned to retrieve, some I will send home and some I will use for the rest of my trip. ( I was sorry to hear that this shop closed shortly after my trip) It’s a short walk to the shop, I was excited about the whole idea of “shopping” for rubber instead of just scanning websites. This is a new one for me. I arrived at the store. It's a small shop but has a decent selection of rubber items. After a friendly greeting for the staff, I told them of my order. They were delighted to retrieve it. I had ordered an inflatable Ultima sleep sack with a hood. I had it custom made for solo play.

New is a rubber bondage hammock, also with a hood. This seemed like an interesting item. I have yet to figure out how I will use it without outside help. The next item is a twin rebreather bag outfit with upper harness and front and rear detachable piss bags. The bags have a built-in pipe for breathing. This pipe is attached to a blind rubber hood. Trailing off the bottom of the front and rear bags are short tubes with valves. The last item is a pair of rubber piss/enema pants with attached double Bardex tube. This will go with the previous item and used to give self-enemas. While I was in the store, I picked up a Higginson syringe. This is an essential addition to the above. They asked me if I wanted to unpack and inspect the items. I said it wasn’t necessary. Since this was a large order, I asked them to deliver it to the hotel under my name. I paid for the items and departed.

The remainder of the evening was spent window shopping the various fetish sex shops. I must have hit 8 or 10 shops before heading back to my hotel. I was anxious to unpack and perhaps try out some of my new purchases. I found that I had walked a great distance from my hotel. I was steamy hot in my rubber suit. I have been wearing it for over twelve hours and the sweat and cum has almost breached the confines of my suit. I finally reached my hotel. My packages were waiting. There were so many that I had them delivered to my room. I expect the DeMack labels on the packages probably provide a source for rumors around the front desk. Once the packages arrived in my room I immediately began to unpack my quarry. Once again the bouquet of new rubber was intoxicating. I put them all out on the bed. The bigger items almost took up the whole mattress. I desperately wanted to try all the items at once but only the Ultima sack made sense at this time.

With that I repacked the remaining items and prepared myself for the evening. I considered taking off my hero suit. It was quite sodden by now but the thought of squandering all that luscious fluid seemed wasteful. I kept the suit on and eagerly anticipated the next step. I laid out the Ultima sack. It had an attached hood with just a small breathing tube. Once zipped and inflated, I would be sealed up inside my own rubber world. I slithered into the sack then began inflating it while I still had use of my hands. The sack began to tighten around me. I zipped the zipper up leaving the air pump attached to the inflator valve. The unit had an auto shutoff feature. I waited for it to reach maximum pressure. The sack was getting perilously tight. I worried that the inflator auto-shutoff that wasn't working at the sack would continue to inflate to the point of bursting, not to mention the crushing force it would subject my body to. I lay there not hearing anything except the inflator pumping away. finally it stopped. By now my body was floating on a cushion of air between two sheets of heavy rubber. My body could not move an inch. I was a prisoner reduced to a mere drone in a rubber cocoon. Then I realized that the fluid in my inner suit gave me enough movement to hopefully maneuver myself enough to get off. It was a struggle and I worked up quite a sweat but I finally climaxed throwing my entire world into a rage of ecstasy. I passed out.

It seemed like hours before I finally came to. My whole body was numb to the outside world. I was in a rubber nirvana suspended in a zen-like state. I lay there for what seemed like an eternity before a glimmer of reality began to creep into my psyche. How do I get out? I had specified that the sack be designed for solo play which included an internal zipper handle and a remote air valve attachment which could be opened to let the air escape. The problem was that this valve was now connected to the inflator pump. There is no way air can be released through it in fact should any air escape, the pump will automatically replace it. I am trapped!

Now what? I try to move my arms to possibly reach the zipper tab. The more I try to move the inner skin of the sack stuck to my skin. I am truly sealed in. By now the sack is getting hot inside. My struggles and near panic frenzy produces even more sweat. How long will I be stuck in this thing? Horror strikes as I realize that I hung the “Do Not Disturb” sign on the door. Even house cleaning will be no help. The more I stew over my situation the more I begin to sweat. Suddenly I manage to move my arms a fraction of an inch. Seems the sweat is acting like a lube allowing me to move. The more I sweat the more I am able to move about in the sack. My hope is with more sweat I might be eventually able to move my arm close to the zipper tab and release me from the bag. I start to struggle hoping I will sweat more. This arouses me. Despite my perilous predicament I feel the need to cum. Next thing I know I am vigorously humping the sack. The effort leaves me roasting in the heat of the sack. The sweat which may well be my salvation, is pouring off me. My orgasm hits me like a tsunami. I once again lapse into a drunken state.

When I recover, I realize I can move. A thin layer of sweat has coated the inner sack enough to move my arm. After some struggle I reached the zipper tab. It refuses to move. Must be the pressure on the outer layer preventing the zipper from opening. I decide to roll on my side hoping it will reduce the tension on the front of the sack. It works. The zipper moves a fraction of an inch then stops. Panic returns. I don’t dare jam the zipper or all is lost. I work the zipper closed again then try again to open it. I got a couple more inches. By working the zipper back and forth I finally get an opening large enough to slip my hand and arm out of the sack. Reaching the inflator valve is another matter. I eventually manage to reach the tube and then the control unit. By some miracle I am able to pull the tube from the control unit allowing the air in the sack to finally release. It takes several minutes for enough air to escape to finally release the zipper. The cold air of the room hits me like a bombshell. I am finally free. I find that I am laying in puddles of sweat. Sweat which eventually saved me. I lay here for several minutes regaining my faculties and eventual struggle out of my sodden sack. I immediately head for the shower. I struggle out of my hero suit. by now it seems to be a part of me. I luxuriated in the shower for ages and was completely exhausted. I return to the room only to face a maelstrom of rubber and a tempest of sweat soaked bedding . I know I need to address this but I am completely drained. Rather than address the obvious. I decided to succumb to it. I return to my sweat soaked sack, zip it up and concede to its embrace. I remain as such til dawn.

Morning comes and I find myself in a sea of sweat and deflated rubber. I have to struggle to free myself from the rubber embrace. I trudge off to the bathroom to take a shower leaving my sweat filled embryo behind. I shower then set about to clean up my sodden mess. Fortunately I have to eventually move on to Berlin, but I will have time to properly take care of my rubber items before I move on. I took out my rubber sack as well as my “hero” suit and dried them as best as I could before hanging them up in the closet. It is important that the sack is treated properly as I plan to ship my heavier items home making ready for other rubber articles I plan to acquire later.

Necessities taken care of, I dress ready to head out. I retrieve my second “hero” suit as my foundation for what looks like a long day. We are heading for Berlin today. I needed to get a cab to the München HBF station where we will meet my client and catch the DB ICE train to Berlin. The factory we will be visiting is a few miles outside the city. After a pleasant greeting we head for the train. I grab a window seat so I take in the picturesque landscapes, charming towns, and rolling countryside which I read about. The trip was pleasant and it only took a little over three hours to get to Berlin. A car is waiting for us and we drive almost an hour to the factory. We are visiting an optic company today. The meeting was cordial and there seemed to be some mutual interests in working together.

Everyone was in a joyous mood and insisted that we celebrate once we returned to Berlin. It was midafternoon by the time we got back to the city. We discussed plans to have dinner then take a later train. I made some flimsy esquire to want to spend some time seeing Berlin before returning to Munich. They offered to host a tour but I begged them off saying I had promised myself that I would visit some shops if ever in Berlin and that I would maybe meet them at a restaurant of their choosing. It worked and to shed off my obligations, I headed for my “shop”.

I grabbed a cab and headed for Seelower Strasse and the Blackstyle retail shop. I have a special item that I always wanted to discuss with them and now I have the perfect opportunity to talk to them in person. They have a long line of rubber and leather masks. I have had a special mask in mind that I wanted someone to make for me. Right now there are several versions of what is referred to as a padded isolation hood. There are many versions in real and PUV leather. I want one in rubber, heavy rubber, 2.0mm rubber with all the typical straps and buckles that you see on these masks. My hope was that Blackstyle might be able to fulfill my dream. Before long I was in the shop. I told them I was inquiring about a custom item. They excused themselves and returned with a gentleman who seemed capable of understanding my needs. We discussed the options and while he could not guarantee that his suppliers could help, he was willing to pose the idea to them. We exchanged contact information. I thanked him and he departed. I decided to shop a bit while at their store. I bought a head harness with a muzzle. A handy little item for this evening’s adventure. I met my business guests and we had a delightful dinner then they drove me to the Hauptbahnhof Station and I headed back to Munich and my evening escapades.

It was late by the time I returned to my hotel. As I was leaving tomorrow I decided to keep this evening’s festivities simple. I undressed and removed my hero suit. I washed it and dried it in hopes to wear it again tomorrow. I retrieved my “Evolution” catsuit, a hood and gloves from the “Birmingham" collection and dressed for the evening. Once dressed I busied myself packing up the heavier items for DeMask to ship home. I made out the shipping tags and custom forms and packed the times in a large box. I had prearranged for pickup in the morning. All that was left was for me to enjoy my last evening in Munich. And that last evening would be in rubber.

My last evening in Munich was not as eventful as others during this trip however I managed to once again bring myself to the brink. The “Evolution” suit was delightful. It fit perfectly. I added elbow length gloves before settling down for the evening. The bed was a welcome sight after this long day. The bedding was fresh which made me feel a bit embarrassed realizing the horrid mess I left behind this morning. I climbed into bed swaddling myself in the heavy covers reflecting back on my long productive day. Productive yet without a single cum. I had a quick remedy for that. I brutally pleasured myself twice before finally drifting off to sleep.

About three AM I awoke with a craving for another cum. This time I upped the ante. I reached for one of the Birmingham blank face hoods as well as my newly purchased head harness. I took a deep breath then slipped the hood over my head then came the harness. I know this was a terrible danger but that just drove me further. I know I could hold my breath for a minute or so. After that I knew I was only one exhale away from total suffocation. That gave me a little over a minute to cum before I started to struggle. And so it began. Hood and harness in place I lay back and attempt to cum. As luck would have it I overestimated my ability to hold my breath. I only managed thirty seconds before I lost it. And lose it I did. I exhaled and the hood ballooned then all the air escaped. I was airless and beginning to panic. Yes, I could just rip off the harness and hood but it seems that I was too far down the road to an orgasm to save myself. I came violently. The euphoria was inhibiting my judgment and my need to survive. I once again found myself on the brink. At the very last second I fumbled for the buckles on the harness, removed it and the hood gulped for air. I laid there in a semiconscious state swooning from the afterglow. I quickly fell asleep

I eventually woke up. It was the middle of the night, I struggled to shower and remove my suit. I washed and dried it sufficiently to pack it with my belongings. Tomorrow is another day of travel. I was heading for Frankfurt. This would be my last official business stop for this trip.

#### **Part Three**

Another morning and another day of travel. I was heading for Frankfurt. This would be my last official business stop for this trip. Again I will be traveling by train but before I left I had a decision to make. What should I wear rubber wise? Since I was traveling alone and would not meet anyone until tomorrow, I thought “Why not stay in the full rubber suit?” Nice idea but the attached hood might give it away so I decided on the trusty hero suit instead. I showered, cleaned myself and my Evolution suit. Once it was toweled dry, I packed it with my belongings, boxed up my heavier items for shipment, and dropped them off at the desk for pickup then headed for the train. The train ride is about three hours so I arrived in Frankfurt in no time. It was early and I had no business plans until tomorrow. However I did have other plans. I needed to go to Schlüchtern so I rented a locker at the station and parked my bags for the day. I navigated my way to the Schlüchtern train and was on board in no time. I was heading for Studio Gum who are headquartered there. I had ordered some items and arranged a meeting to review them. Two of them were custom made in extremely heavy rubber masks and I wanted to make sure they fit properly before receiving them. This trip presented the perfect opportunity. Once I arrived I found my way to their showroom at Krämerstraße 51 Schlüchtern. I was anxious to view my purchases but I was a little early for my appointment so I decided to have nothing to eat. There was a little cafe called Cafe Wohnzimmer nearby so I ducked in there for a quick breakfast.

I entered the shop and was immediately bombarded by the intoxicating fragrance of latex. I was greeted; I stated my business and was escorted to the rear of the shop. They immediately arranged to have the three items I had ordered brought out. The first item was a 4mm anatomical latex mask with fixed nose tubes and inflatable butterfly gag. My concern was a mask this heavy either fits or it doesn’t due to the fact that rubber this thick does not stretch. I was asked if I wanted to try it on. I did not hesitate and dove into the mask. I slid the nose tubes up into my nose and to my delight the mask was a perfect fit. They asked if I wanted it zipped up. Of course I did. I was totally engulfed in rubber, sealed in with absolutely no sense of the outside world. Perfect! “Do you want to try the collar? '' Absolutely! I almost orgasmed right there in the shop.

Next came the 1mm anatomical latex mask with fixed mouth lining and mirrored lenses. This one had both a collar and locking zipper. I went through the same steps as the first mask just short of locking the zipper. Again the fit was perfect. I looked forward to many hours in this hood. At this point I was dying to see the final item. This was a custom 1.2mm prison suit with MFM multi function hood attached. Accessories included several different gags. This suit has a YKK airtight zipper that goes from the back of the head up through the belly step forward and is equipped with lockable sliders. Escape from the suit is not possible. It comes with a MFM multi function hood, gloves and boots glued to the suit.. Both the suit and the multi-function mask have a lockable slider, an unauthorized removal is impossible. Delightful concept.

They hauled this behemoth out from the back room. It almost took two of them to lift it. I was anxiously awaiting their next question. “Do you want to try it on?“ Wow here I was in the mega of rubber fantasies standing in front of the ultimate rubber possession being asked if I wanted to “…try it on?” All I could do was stutter a response. They showed me to a back room area and left me there alone with a pile of rubber. I hesitated for a moment then processed to strip down to my hero suit. I wrestled the suit around until I found the entry then plunged my feet into the rubber abyss.

I was struggling to raise the upper half of the suit when as if they knew my situation, a voice asked if I wanted help. Immediately two people showed up and helped me into the suit. Once my hands and head found their respective places, they began zipping the suit. The suit itself is a loose fit but the hood is not. That took a little adjusting to get the nose tubes in place. Without asking they reached for the hood’s faceplate and began to zip it in place. Next they screwed on two rebreather bags to the side ports leaving the front port open. I began to feel lightheaded. The experience was overwhelming. I came right there in front of them, flooding my hero suit. Sensing I was overcome. They had me sit down. The heat inside the suit was sweltering. I was glowing in this steamy capsule. They asked me if I wanted out. Their voices were muted and seemed to come from a great distance. I finally said “Let me stay a while.” and they departed saying they would be back in about fifteen minutes. Until then I savored the moment.

They returned and quickly began to remove me for my rubber encasement. I was awash in sweat. They were ready with towels to dry me and care for the suit. One of them complimented me on my “foundation” garment. I retreated to the back room to recover and retrieve my outer clothes. Once dressed I was ready to return to the main area and conclude my business.

Everyone was now busy with other customers so I took the time to shop around. I found some interesting inflatable anatomical bondage gloves, some tubing, a urine inhaler, and a ventilator bag. I added them to the suit which was already on the counter. I had prearranged to have the heavy suit and heavy hood shipped back to the states. I added some of the loose items to the list and reserved the lighter hood to take with me. I paid for the new items then exited the shop with my head spinning for the experience. This together with the flood of sweat and cum which now bathed me as I walked back to the station, has left me in a rubber nirvana. I barely remember my trip back to Frankfurt.

I returned to fetch my bags from the locker at the station and headed for the hotel, a sodden mess. I had a lot on my mind after my experience at Studio Gum. I checked in and headed to my room and ordered room service. I had a long night ahead of me planning for my return home making sure everything was in place for the receipt of all the items I purchased on my trip. Of particular concern was planning for the heavy suit I tried on today. It is a beast. I also have YKK airtight zippers also known as drysuit zippers. They can be difficult to operate solo. I was warned to make sure I can make use of the suit often and without fail. I waited for the room service then changed into something “more comfortable” for the evening’s endeavors. Once again I had to decide whether or not to clean up or remain in my hero suit steeped in sweat and cum. I decided to soldier on and stay in my suit. I added my full “Evolution suit” to make sure none of the fluids would leak out and spoil my work.

I sat down at the desk and opened my computer. I accessed the engineering program and began to sketch out a design I would eventually simply label the “The Rack”. It would have a dual purpose. First, it would serve to support my suit in such a way as to allow me to enter it without help. Secondly there would be some form of mechanism to remotely operate the YKK zippers. I worked for several hours during which time I drew and scrapped dozens of designs before I settled on what I thought would work. I cleaned up the final effort and sent it off to my development lab back home with the instruction to put a rush on it. I told them it was a prototype for one of my clients and would like to have it in two weeks. I was expecting some blowback but I knew in the end they would pull through.

As I lay there, I began to wish someone had locked me in this state forcing me to stay this way for hours…even days.

Such was not the case as I needed to prepare for tomorrow’s trip back to England. I was in no hurry to part ways with my rubber surrounding but I needed to clean and pack my rubber for the trip. I removed the collar and headed to the shower. I stepped in, hood and all, and luxuriated under the stream of hot water before beginning to disrobe. The day’s worth of bodily fluids was quickly washed away and I was clean and fresh again. Now came the chore of cleaning and drying my rubber ensemble preparing them for packing and travel. I decided to wear my second “hero” suit for the trip so I laid it out on the bed. Packing was a challenge as my additional purchase added considerable to my baggage. I decided since I no longer need them, I would carefully pack my suits and ship them home. I prepared the shipping invoice and headed them for shipping.

Morning finally came. I am dressed in my rubber and street clothes ready to head off for my final meeting. The plan was to meet then head directly for the airport. I drop off my shipper at the desk and grab a taxi to my meeting place. This meeting was with a tubing supplier. My mind immediately proceeded to figure out how their various tubes and connectors could be woven into my kinky play. This would take some more study. I bid them goodbye, hailed a taxi and headed to the MUC.

Upon arrival I began the arduous process of check in, security, passport, and the like. Once past the Luftfahrt-Bundesamt. (their TSA) I head for the gate. Once on the plane it should take about two and a half hour flight time. My flight has me going into Gatwick so the trip to the city should take a bit longer than Heathrow. We landed then jockeyed a bit before we got to the gate. It took about half an hour to clear immigration, baggage, and customs. I hopped the Gatwick Express train to the city center then a taxi to my hotel where I checked in. Waiting for me is a message from Demask. They kindly offered to advise me of any rubber fetish parties should I wish to attend. Once in my room I called the number on the message. There was an event this evening and they asked if I wanted to attend. I said yes of course. I asked about the dress code and to my delight it was latex only. My kind of party.

#### **Part Four**

Waiting for me is a message from Demask. They kindly offered to advise me of any rubber fetish parties should I wish to attend. Once in my room I called the number on the message. There was an event this evening and they asked if I wanted to attend. I said yes of course. I asked about the dress code and to my delight it was latex only. They gave me the address and offered to reserve an invitation in my name. “Splendid.” I said. All I needed now was to decide the proper attire for the evening. The event started at 7:00 PM and lasted until midnight. It was about 30 minutes north of city central via Uber so I had plenty of time to relax and plan for the evening.

My first order of business was to unpack all my rubber items and inspect them. I realize that sometimes I was a little hasty when cleaning and drying my items. I wanted to make sure they were all in good shape. I laid them all out and inspected them. I carefully talced them, folded them and repacked them in my suitcase. That is all but three items I planned to wear this evening and the one I planned to wear on the way home. For this evening, my first layer would be my “Evolution Catsuit ''. This rubber catsuit comes with an attached full face hood, glove, and “T” designed shoulder zips. On top of that I would wear my “Male Bianca Jumpsuit”. This is the loose fitting suit with a drawstring hood. I knew these would be better suited for rubber social events. My plan was to use the drawstring hood to cloak my hooded face.

There were a few items I needed to buy for the evening. I need to look my best so the first necessity was polish. The second was a long robe-like coat to conceal the suits. I laid out my evening wear and proceeded to go on the web and seek nearby sources for my needed items. After some research I decided to head to the Buck Street market to see if I might pick up some type of vintage cloak to wear this evening. I headed for the underground

 which got me there in about 25 minutes. Once I arrived I walked Buck Street popping in and out of shops until I found what I wanted. It was perfect. It was a black vintage full circle hooded cloak. When I tried it on it made me look almost medieval. This would be perfect to shroud my rubber dressings.

I was relieved to find such an item. I was also hungry so I headed for the container market for some street food: Elia Greek Street Food for a Lamb & Beef Mince Box lunch. I added a Sweet Pittaki with Honey & Cinnamon. It was delicious. Once fed, I headed back to the underground and headed over to Covent Gardens and the Libation shop for some Radicalshine Latex Polish to shine up my rubber garments for the evening. We chatted a bit. They filled in some details on what to expect. Sounded interesting. I was intrigued. I showed them my cloak and they were impressed by my purchase. We said our goodbyes for now and

I headed back to the hotel. It was midafternoon when I reached my hotel. I headed for my room. My mind was preoccupied with anticipation of the upcoming evening events. I almost forgot that I was wearing a rubber suit the whole time. I began to feel the need to please myself. Once in the room, I threw the rubber items off my bed and began to ravage the pillows and covers. I came quickly forgetting for a moment all that had recently transpired. When done, the fog began to lift and I once again commenced planning for the evening.

The first order of business was to order an Uber for the evening covering to and from the event. Timing was critical. I needed to clean both myself and my “Hero” suit. I planned to once again wear it on the return flight tomorrow evening. I showered myself and my suit then dried both of them and hung my suit in the closet. Rather than go naked for the moment, I elected to try on one of my Birmingham items namely the shorts with attached penis sheath. That should suffice for the moment. I ordered a light meal from room service and scheduled its delivery around 5:30. All that was left to do was relax and the best way to do that is to make use of the rubber sheath. After all that's what it is for. I pleased myself once again and dozed off to sleep.

I woke to a knock at the door. I was alarmed at first but then realized it was 5:30 and room service had arrived. I covered myself with a robe and opened the door for the steward. I gave him a tip. He exited. I ate my meal then began to dress for the evening.

First came the “Evolution Catsuit''. I slid into it unhurriedly pulling it up to my waist. I slid my arms in the sleeves and stretched the hood over my head. It was heavenly. The rear zippers are a challenge but I managed them after a bit of a struggle. I was now sealed in total rubber from head to toe when it suddenly dawned on me. I forgot to remove my sheath pants. I realized I would be stuck in these cum filled pants all evening. I found the notion somehow exciting. I reached for the bottle of Radicalshine Latex Polish and a micro cloth and began to polish my suit. I tried my best to cover the whole suit and finally realized that my “Male Bianca Jumpsuit” would cover most of it. With that in mind I polished the jumpsuit before putting it on. Slipping into the loose folds of this suit was almost sinful. The rustling of the flowing rubber suit was captivating. I know it would echo in my ears the entire evening whenever I moved about. Finally came the full circle hooded cloak I purchased today. I was astounded by the look. I loved the muted mat look of the fabric cloak framing the glossy face of my rubber hood and mask. I pulled the cloak hood forward so that there was little more than a hint of my rubber covered face showing. For effect, I stuck my rubber covered hands out of the voluminous sleeves of the outer cloak. I loved the look.

It was time to leave. Luckily the cloak had small inner pockets where I could carry some essentials. I took one last look into the mirror, took a deep breath and headed out to catch my Uber to the event. I reached the elevator and was lucky to make it to the first floor alone. I gazed at the lobby and found a route to the door where I would not engage with anyone. My Uber was waiting so I jumped in. The driver had the designation so conversation was not necessary.

It took quite a few minutes to reach the event although to me it seems like a nanosecond. We arrived at the destination. I did not know what to expect. The building was located on a side street with no particular markings. At first I thought this must be a mistake then I saw a taxi pull up and a couple clearly dressed in latex exit the cab and enter the building. It was in the right place. I tapped a five star rating on my phone and exited the Uber without saying a word. I crossed the street and reached the door where I promptly pressed the buzzer.

The door opened and I was greeted by a lovely young nymph clad in a red high neck rubber dress. She seemed to gape a bit when she saw me. I admit I did look rather imposing. She then smiled and asked my name while checking her attendance list. She approved. I entered through a long hall and then led through another door into a darkened room with a few well placed spotlights and all types of LED light displays on the walls. I was told I was early and that they expected a full house this evening. She asked if I wanted to remove my cloak. I said I would decline for the moment. She pointed to the wardrobe area if I should change my mind.

I found my way to the bar and ordered a drink while admiring how the room was such a contrast to the nondescript outer facade. I was interrupted by a couple who came up and introduced themselves as Della and Derick. I assumed that was their pseudonyms. I quickly responded with my own, “Dybbuk” meaning “spirit demon”. They approved. They then complimented me on my costume. I returned the compliment noting their tasty choices. Della was tightly wrapped in a powder blue catsuit with open top barely covering her large breasts. Around her waist was an unbelievably tight wasp girdle with leather buckles. Derick was even more provocative with a full black rubber suit, hood gloves and all covered by different heavy leather straps covering his body from ankles, wrist to his neck. I realized then that I was truly in the right place.

More and more rubber clad guests began to pour in. Suddenly I found myself in a buzz of conversations with people clad in all manner of rubber gear. The room seemed to heat up as people added to the group. It began to take on a strong air of rubber. I was beginning to sweat in my layers and decided to remove my cloak. I handed it to the attendant at the wardrobe and was greeted by applause as I turned around facing the group. Several guests came up to greet me and shake my rubber covered hand. I thought to myself, where have you been all my life.

The evening went on with pleasant conversations about general things and of course rubber. After an hour or so things began to change. There was an anticipation in the air as if something was about to happen. All of a sudden the central floor was cleared and several indiscriminate rubber objects were brought out. Suddenly there were some toys. Seems guests are encouraged to bring equipment for the others to see and perhaps try on. Someone said to me “Learning among friends is always fun.” These include a full E-Stim kit), rubber straitjacket, breath play toys, inflatable and regular sleep sacks with straps, a vac bed and fully enclosed inflatable suit to be locked on some lucky soul. In addition there were gas masks, heavy straps, vibrators and enough rubber gloss to coat a tire factory. What I thought was going to be just a social engagement suddenly turned wickedly dark.

The group was buzzing as the items were bought out but suddenly the group was silent and all eyes turned to me with a lecherous look on their faces. Someone said “What shall we try first?” Who shall we try first seemed obvious: me. Someone said “Vac bed.” and a chant rang out. Several in the group gently steered me to the center of the room where the said vac bed was being assembled. Once together I was “encouraged” to enter the waiting bed. I freely did so, accompanied by a round of applause and cheers.

I had never been in a vac bed and always wanted to try one. I slid in the opening in the head of the bed making sure all my flowing rubber accompanied me. The bed was sealed with a plastic bar and the suction hose was connected. Slowly the rubber layers began to devour me as the air was siphoned out. Finally all the air was gone and within a split second I was trapped. I could move but only as part of the bed. I had never in all my rubber years felt such a sensation. As I slowly relaxed I became aware of things around me. I began to hear the chatter from the room. Seems they had much more planned for me. For now I was to stew in my chrysalis while others began to stroke me and even polish me. They rubbed and touched me all over my body but refrained from going near my naughty bits. Then everything stopped for what seemed like forever. There was a low buzz of anticipation in the crowd. Then I was suddenly and viciously attacked with a vibrating wand jammed square into my groin. The crowd went wild. The wand was removed then jammed back in place. and the crowd went wild again. This time the wand stayed. The cheering stopped as if they were waiting to see and hear any response from their rubber hostage. After a few moments of silence, their wishes came true. I came grunting, jerking, and quivering like a teen with a first orgasm. The crowd went wild congratulating each other, clapping and cheering. Finally I was left to recover while no doubt other plans were afoot.

I have no idea how long they left me sucked tight in this vac bed. Finally I felt the slow release of the rubber layers and I struggled to get out of the bed. I was baked in sweat yet none escaped from my layers. I was ushered to the bar for a drink accompanied by applause and congratulations. Before long I had a couple of drinks. It appeared the group was merely entertaining me while out of eyesight things were being prepared for my next act. Suddenly all conversation stopped and the crowd parted like the Red Sea. There in the arms of the lovely girl who greets me in the red dress was a forbidding looking straitjacket held open as an sinister invitation for me to enter. I held up my hand as if to stop. The crowd gasped. I began to remove my jumpsuit and stripped down to the rubber catsuit. The crowd reacted with applause. Once removed I gave the jumpsuit to Della and began to slip my arms in the straight jacket. It was extremely heavy. I would estimate it to be at least 1 mil thick rubber. Once my arms were in several hands made short work of securing straps and laces. Just when I thought they were done, each strap was viciously pulled tight to the extreme. I was helpless and clearly at their mercy. A wheelchair appeared and I was forced to sit in it. More straps were added, coupling me further to the chair. The only thing I could move was my rubber covered head. I was wheeled to the side where I began to wonder if this was all they wanted of me. I was not to be disappointed. Three women approached me with arms full of rubber hoods, gas masks, tubes, and glass bottles with yellow liquid inside. The person on the right stepped forward and said, “Now we will begin.”

She produced the first item. It was a simple rubber rebreather hood. She then said, “This is just a warmup.” She slipped the hood over my head then to my surprise she added a collar. I have several of these hoods and understand how to use them. Steady slow almost shallow breathing is the only way to get air though the tiny breathing hole. So I did so. The crowd applauds. The second person produces a wand from under her pile of rubber. She then jams the wand in my groin. I gasp only to manage to suck in a mouthful of rubber. “Steady” I tell myself. I manage to regain my breathing but not for long. I feel my lust is reawaken and I know what will eventually come. The vibration in my groin is relentless. I begin to feel distressed and my breathing becomes erratic. I barely manage to catch any air. It is getting worse as I begin to give in to my lust. I finally cum and I can not breathe. All I get is steamy hot sweaty rubber sucking tight to my face. I begin to see stars. I am both peaking and fading. I collapse as I cum and pass out. My next recollection is waking free of my hood facing a room full of faces focused intently on me. I begin to move and once again the room fills with cheers and applause.

The second person steps forward holding what looks like a heavy rubber open face hood with attached lace up neck corset. She opens it up and slips it over my head then proceeds to lace up the hood and neck to the point of constriction. Satisfied another person steps forward with what looks like a gas mask with an attached hood. She struggles to stretch the hood over my head. Once in place I immediately begin to hear the cadence of the mask valve as I breathe. Once again a collar is added to secure the mask. I know deep down inside that this is not the end. A long tube is screwed onto my mask. For now the other end is left dangling. The bottle of yellow liquid is produced with an attached lanyard. The lanyard is put around my neck so the bottle rests at chest level. And finally the end of the breathing tube is screwed into the top of the bottle. Suddenly I smell a burst of stale urine invading my nose. The bottle jumps to life as bubbles explode within. The air is thick with the disgusting odor while the air itself is restricted to the point that I can barely sustain myself. Applause and cheers ring out. As quickly as they applaud they turn away and carry on as if I no longer exist.

I am now alone in the corner struggling to breathe in this agonizingly tight straight jacket, hood and mask. Everyone else in the group is carrying on as if I were not there. I would think the insistent bubbling noise would bring their attention but no. Finally someone does approach me. She staggers up. She is a big lady somehow poured into a tight red rubber dress showing every bulge and crease on her body. She looks to be drunk. She says something to me but I can’t hear her or respond. She doesn’t like the lack of response so she simply reaches over and puts her fingers over the air inlet on the bottle. She then turns to the groups and laughs as I proceed to panic and scream for mercy. She just laughs even more. Some in the group join in. Finally someone steps forward just in time to remove her thumb and I explode with a hysterical frenetic wildly gasping to try to regain my breath. The bottle is a torrent as I struggle to breath. It takes a full minute to regain my breath all the while the group continues to ignore my pleas. I have had enough.

The evening carries on all the while I am struggling to breathe this foul urine laced air, bound tight in the straight jacket and hoods. Music begins and all I see in front of me are hot sweaty rubber clad people rubbing and grinding against each other all seeming to be in a frenzy. Eventually things wind down. The evening appears to be coming to a close. People begin to fetch their wraps and stagger towards the door. What about me? I begin to scream and yell but all I see is pointing and laughter from the group as one by one they leave. Finally the LEDs and the spots are turned off and I find myself alone. Only one spot light remains focused directly at me sitting in total silence. I can’t believe it. They left me in rubber bondage breathing piss filled air. I would panic but no one would hear me.

After several minutes I begin to hear what sounds like footsteps in the distance. Am I hearing things? Wearing three heavy hoods can distort one’s hearing. Suddenly I see something in red out of the corner of my steamy gas mask lenses. As it comes closer I see that it is the girl in the red dress who greeted me at the door. She walks up and unceremoniously begins to undo my straps.

“The tubes.” I say “Undo the tubes.”

She ignores me and instead begins to undo the straight jacket. Finally my arms are free. As I try to regain my circulation I notice she is gone. I am alone again left to extricate myself from my various hoods and collars. I struggle to finally remove the gas mask and begin to breathe clean air. Next I struggle with the laces on the hood. Once free again all that remains is a pile of sweaty rubber in the middle of the floor. I stagger to the wardrobe to find my cloak and jumpsuit piled on the counter. I wearily put on my jump suit and cloak and made my way to the door. To my relief my Uber driver is waiting. Thank God. Sweat is beginning to slosh in the ankles of my suit as I enter the car. I can only manage to croak out a “Thank you for waiting.” as we headed off to the hotel. Once there I exited the car and began to walk into the hotel when the driver rolled down his window and asked if I enjoyed myself. “You are not the first “victim” I have driven from there.” He winked and drove off.

The lobby was empty as I headed for the elevator. I was finally in my room. I removed my cloak and jumpsuit and collapsed on the bed. My mind was a whirlpool of thoughts. Exactly what had happened to me tonight. How do I feel about it? I supposed I should be angry for what they did to me but instead I was aroused. I began to laugh out loud thinking of what I must have looked like all trussed up in that wheelchair. For a second I thought I might return some day and with any luck they would lock me in the inflatable rubber suit instead.

As I lay there reality set in. I need to clean up for tomorrow’s return to Chicago. My suit was ankle deep in sweat and the penis sheath that I mistakenly wore was filled to the point of bursting. I was a mess. I struggled to work the back zippers but eventually released myself for the sodden suit. I jumped in the shower and rinsed both myself and the suit. I stood in the shower for almost a half hour working out the kinks from my bondage. All that was left were my penis sheath pants. I decided to cum one last time before removing them. Pleasure came quickly. I removed the pants and washed myself off and prepared to dry everything.

The wakeup call came at 7:00am. The shock of reality was almost too much to bear. I was stiff and sore from yesterday evening’s escapades. I staggered to the bathroom to do my business and check on my rubber items. They were mostly dry, at least enough to pack them. I would care for them right away when I get home. With everything packed all I needed to do was relax and wait until this afternoon to return to the airport. The morning was mine. For probably the first time I was naked and without rubber as I lay on the bed. I recalled my trip and all that I encountered. It will be hard to find a way to top this trip. Then I recalled the lovely stash of rubber that was waiting for me back in Chicago. Maybe my next adventure would be close to home. For now I am ready for my “Hero” suit and a spot of breakfast and a long flight home.
