---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/marie_and_mistress_jessica.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Marie and Mistress Jessica
authors:
- Nightgerbil
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- fpov
- rope
- zipties
- crotchrope
- cons
- X
date: 2024-12-29 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 1

“Well aren’t you a naughty little thing?”

I giggled to myself reading that comment on my Fetlife photo. I’d written “Doms are stinky buttholes” on my breasts in lipstick and squashed them up to the camera with my tongue stuck out! I’d nearly made it my profile picture, but I preferred the one of my red bottom. I’d gotten it after one of Hanna’s punishment spankings of doom! Its dark red was such a contrast on my white ass and you could see handprints on the skin!

Last night I had been bored in my room, Bored with a capital B, I might add! Scrolling through Fetlife, there weren’t many interesting posts in the groups I was in. One that did catch my eye though, made me click a link to a Dommes page. Over three hours away, she apparently was part of a neighborhood group that was into pet play!

As I looked at the group photos of the girls dressed as kittens, I just rolled my eyes, but then I saw one that took my breath away. It was the Domme herself! An older lady, her once brown hair nearly grey, had been tied in two cute pigtails. The black leather harness buckled to her face had a black ball gag hidden behind what looked like a puppies muzzle. The top of the harness had two triangular leather puppy ears sticking from it and she had her head tilted smiling at the camera. The angle showed off the gag beneath the muzzle.

A second photo was full body and showed the full body black latex catsuit she was wearing.. She had a wide black leather collar around her neck and an attached black lead. Her hands were strapped into some kind of paw mittens and her eyes were laughing at the camera.

I flicked through to a third and then a fourth photo of her. The fourth she was kneeling on all fours and the leash had been tied above her head to a fence post. I was amazed she was dressed like this outside! Was that her garden I wondered? I clicked my mouse to love her pictures and moved on. That did look like a lot of fun, but wasn’t what I was looking for tonight.

I soon enough found a writer and read an erotic story about a Victorian maid caught stealing from her employer. The extremely vivid description of her switching got me wet and touching myself. My orgasm was sweet and I was smiling as I turned off my laptop and went to sleep.

I’d forgotten about the Domme until the next day when, on the bus home from work, I had checked the app on my phone. She had followed me, liked some of my own posts and scrolling through I saw she had loved both photos and left the “naughty little thing” comment on the breast one. My stop was coming up so with a smile I put my phone away. Getting off the bus, I was grinning ear to ear as I walked the rest of the way home.

I got home to my room and turned on my laptop. Flicking through my social media, I opened Fetlife and found the Dommes profile. Looking through her profile pictures I saw more of the garden scene she’d starred in. It was fun seeing her being walked, one shot had her chasing on all fours after a thrown frisbee, but it was the pictures of her being fitted with a tail butt plug that made me stop and stare at the screen.

I bit my lip looking at it, it was long and ridged with metal circles studded along it. I felt my nipples get hard as I realized that it was an electro plug and must deliver quite the shock when it was activated! Looking back through the other photos I saw she had been wearing it in all of them. I felt my hand reach my pussy of its own accord as I looked closely at one photo; there! The man was holding the remote up as he had her on her knees looking at the camera! She had her paws raised under her chin like a puppy begging but her eyes were squeezed closed! That must have been the moment he shocked her! Captured for eternity! No wonder she's posted this one I thought, as I quickly clicked the love button. What a great photo!

I kept browsing through her pictures, but the rest were mainly her doing dommy things. Leather corsets, leather boots, leather whips and leather clad male subs. Bored with that, I went back to her “naughty little thing” comment on my post. I rolled over on my bed thinking what to reply, then smirked to myself typing “Only when I haven’t been put in my place”. Let's see how she replies shall we? I thought with a giggle.

That was the beginning of a long series of interactions with Mistress Jessica over the next two weeks. I found it all highly entertaining! Especially the message waiting for me in my inbox one evening after a particularly bratty remark. It said that I “needed to be disciplined!” Well I couldn’t let an opportunity like that pass me up! I replied with “Are you volunteering?” with emojis to boot.

Her reply was almost immediately; “Are you asking me too? You should be careful what you wish for.” Now that sort of challenge I could NOT let pass up either!. She seemed to be online right now, so I definitely had to think quickly! I typed back “Promises promises” and added an eye roll emoji for effect!

Playful enough I thought, but her next reply made me stop and pause. What were my limits? Well this was getting real! I thought about my next reply. Did I actually want to meet up with her? She was over three hours away! That's a long trip on a bus. As my mind started thinking about how I could meet her, I realized I’d already made my decision. Yes, I wanted to!

Which is how two weeks later I now found myself at a bus station queuing to board the coach that would be carrying me to the finding out of my fucking around. I’d been writing quite the check for myself as I’d bratted Mistress Jessica while we waited for my weekend off. I had managed to get the following monday as a shiftswap to travel home, so when I arrived late friday night Mistress would have two whole days to deal with me. I could hardly wait!

I was excited and nervous as I boarded the coach. I’d never traveled out of town to meet somebody new like this before. Normally my best friend Hanna would have come with me for something like this, but she couldn’t get the time away from work. Mistress had shared a copy of her ID though, as well as home address with Hanna for security and they had exchanged phone numbers. I’d also been talking to other members of her fet group and it seemed reasonably safe.

Showing the driver my ticket I blushed to myself as he stared hard at my breasts, before beckoning me on. Glancing over my shoulder I saw him half leaning out of his cab as he stared at me walking away and I giggled as I wiggled my ass at him. I couldn’t blame him for staring given how I was dressed!

Mistress Jessica had picked out my travel outfit for me. She’d had me tie a rope harness around my upper body and breasts. Rubber bands at their base had squeezed them until they turned purple and I could feel how stretched the skin was. The rope had tightened them up, wrapped 10 times around each breast and held them upwards like a tight bra. The white blouse she’d had me buy was two sizes too small and barely covered my swollen breasts!

The collar of the blouse was uncomfortably tight around my throat. I had previously removed the top button replacing where it had been with a new button hole. Through the two holes I had placed a thick white cable tie and tightened it to snugness. Clipping off the free end, there was now no longer a way to unbutton the top button to bring relief. A thin black leather tie had covered the plastic, then I pulled the blouses collar down over them both.

Mistress had made me tie a doubled up rope around my waist then thread the rope through my legs. The crotch rope was, as instructed, pulled tightly enough that it pushed through my Labia. I’d tied a series of knots along its length that covered my Clit and the entrance to my pussy. After tying the knot at my belly button I had cut the ends off as instructed and sent Mistress a photo of it for inspection. She’d approved it, with a dire warning of the consequences if it wasn’t like that when I arrived!

I’d pulled on a set of sheer black tights over the top, and a black knee high skirt. The skirt, like the blouse, was too small and I would have struggled to get it buttoned up without the waist rope pulling into my waist so tightly. As it was, it clung to my curves and I’d seen how it made my butt look in the mirror. No wonder the driver had enjoyed the show! I giggled to myself as I sat down near the back of the coach. I felt so naughty!

The rope had been rubbing away on my crotch as I’d been walking, making me wet and I’d hoped for some relief as I pushed my bag in the overhead locker. No such luck though as the bus lurched into motion. I’d inadvertently sat near a wheel and even my braids were bouncing as the driver took us over a bump into the traffic!

Fortunately I had the double seat to myself so nobody could see my face as I bit my lip to stifle my groan. I got out my phone and took a picture to show I was on the bus, sending it to Hanna and Mistress Jessica. They’d both told me to keep them updated! I grabbed hold of the end of one of my braids and with my tongue stuck out, waved it at the phone for the photo. “I’m sure they will appreciate that!” I smirked to myself.

Mistress Jessica had admired my braids in several of my pictures and had sent me a VERY detailed description of how I was to wear my hair for her. It was simple enough, two french braids that started at the very front of my head and followed my scalp line to my temples. They traveled horizontally over the top of my ears, lower down then how I normally wore my braids. Along the length of them she had me braid a white ribbon with the hair. The braids coming away from my head just behind my ear, fell naturally over my shoulders to my waist. It was certainly a new look for me and I loved it! The white ribbons were cute as anything and I’d tied a bow in the ends of each to tie off my braids.

The Journey itself soon started to pass me by in a blur. The rocking of the coach was making my tight crotch rope eat at my pussy. It was soon damp, as were my tights as my pussy leaked over them. The air con on the coach didn’t seem to be working and it was a hot summer's day outside! I was quickly sweating as I stared out of the window. I tried to put a finger into the too tight collar of my blouse to help relieve the discomfort, but if anything that made it worse. As the bus lurched to a halt at a set of lights I gasped as my braids flew forwards and I held onto my seat. Where had that guy learned to drive? I’d felt that in my titties and my groin!

It was an effort not to rub my aching breasts as I held on to the seat rests. I was soon gripping those rests with white knuckles as my braids bounced with every bump in the road. I was so turned on right now. The rope was mercilessly edging me. I was in my own happy little world as I watched the scenery outside the window.

I felt my smile slip away though as we pulled up to another stop. As more people got on, two girls reached the back of the coach and took up seats! One sat on the other side of the aisle from me, but the other sat next to me! I pulled my knees tightly together and moved closer to the window away from her. “Oh no!” I thought to myself. I felt my clit quiver as I watched them turn to face each other and continue their own conversation.

As the bus lurched into motion again, I heard them curse as they bounced in their seats. I knew how they felt as my braids flew again and my breasts bounce tugged the ropes that bound them. It was with gritted teeth I stared out of the window, trying my best with willpower alone not to make a sound. The bumpy road continued, as I listened to the girls chatter besides me.

I was trying not to shiver from the thrill of it all! What if I couldn’t stay silent? What if I came?

What if they caught me? The fear of discovery, the humiliation that would bring, my mind seemed frozen as my pussy cramped on the thought. Another bump in the road and the rope tormenting my pussy nearly brought me over the edge. My clit was throbbing and I had my eyes closed now as I fought not to whimper. A bead of sweat ran from my scalp down my left cheek under the hot sun.

I tugged uselessly once more at my blouse's collar with a finger as I gasped for air. “Deep breaths!” I told myself as my edging continued on, ruthlessly and without pity from the remorseless ropes tied under my clothing. “Only two and a half hours to go!” It was going to be a very VERY long journey… and I was having the time of my life!
