---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sam and Em
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- FF
- chastity
- tease
- anal
- buttplug
- oral
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-12-20 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 28

I grunted, trying to stretch my arm as far as possible to bring the feather duster over the top of the kitchen cabinet. Being placed within this damn belt was hard enough, but the fact that Jane went out of her way to tease and embarrass me presented a much larger challenge.

I couldn’t even figure out why Emily’s mother wanted it to be that clean, it wasn’t exactly a place we would see every day and it wasn’t like she would be able to check to see I did my job correctly. The wooden chair wobbled under my weight as I moved backwards and forwards, trying my best to get the duster into every spot, even going as far as pulling myself up on my toes to reach the very end of the area.

Emily did nothing to prevent my embarrassing situation, but in fact she seemed to take some enjoyment out of her mother bossing me around, taking full control over our intimate relationship and forcing me to become more of a maid than a girlfriend; or even a member of this family. What made it worse was the inability to bring up the mother's and daughter's conversation from last week, when Emily had admitted to Jane about being the one who wanted to try out the chastity belt. That was the only reason I was in this mess, yet the older woman was still punishing me for it. How would I have been able to bring their conversation up, without exposing the fact that I was in the house with them when they spoke, hiding around the corner with a naked and bound Becky at my side.

I glanced towards the living room door, which was wide open and allowed me a view of my sister as she sat on the sofa. The low chattering coming from the television, yet she was more invested in the book she was reading. Her legs dung over the armrest, playfully swinging forwards and backwards as the words travelled through her eyes and ignited her brain, bringing her to the world that was written down before her.

It was only occasionally that she would look up at her struggling partner with a vacant stare, watching as my feet trembled on the wooden material beneath my shoes. Every now and then I would catch her lips forming a small smile, which would instantly disappear as soon as I looked in her direction. But then, she had a reason to smile as she had won.

To make things worse, she knew I enjoyed the game she forced Becky and I into. She knew I was capable of having a release just from anal stimulation alone and she wasted no time in expanding this side of me. Often, I would find either a buttplug or a vibrating device of some kind inside of me. Emily's favourite was the thrusting/vibrating dildo we purchased from Tanya's a while back, the one she originally placed inside me when she was flexing her dominant side. Feeling the item thrust inside me in a different way was something I could not describe. It wasn't as intense as Becky's harsher strokes, but it was enough to tease me, to make me wish for more and even enough to cause my legs to buckle. This was especially fun for Emily to watch whilst I was doing chores around the house.

Even a week later, I still couldn't believe she managed to get her mother involved in our relationship, who instantly took control and removed the restrictive item from her body and gave it to me. I couldn’t say otherwise or even fight back; Jane had the ability to be a much stricter person than I was. Emily was just enjoying the spoils afterwards, loving the idea that I was bound in some way and neither one of us had the ability to take this off.

Now, Emily could rest whilst I had to do any chore Jane thought of. Looking up and seeing the trophy in front of her. The trophy being seeing her sister wearing a maid’s outfit, complete with knee-high socks and sandals, with a white ribbon that held my hair up in a short ponytail. It was a sight that she never got tired of, something far different to what she was used to seeing: her usually tomboyish sister wearing something that was so feminine, so submissive and sexual in its own way. I let out a breath, finally bringing the soles of my feet back onto the ground as I wiped my forehead with the back of my hand. It was a simple task, yet all the stretching of my body had caused me to sweat.

The loud breath had caught my sister’s attention once more, her large eyes stared up at me as she licked her index finger and moved onto the next page in her book.

“You could help, y’know,” I stated, pointing the end of the duster towards her.

Her eyes flicked back to the pages in front of her, “Why would I do that?”

“It will speed things up; we could be watching TV together… or snuggling. Instead, I now have to vacuum the carpets in every room.”

“That’s sounds hard.”

“It is! Could you help a sister out?”

“Nope!”

“Em!”

“You want me to risk incurring the wrath of my mother? Who strictly forbid me from helping you out.”

“Her and Dad are at work, they’ll never know.”

“Sammy…” Emily sighed, closing the book but kept her index finger on the page she was on, “You’ll be let out tomorrow morning. All you must do is survive one more day and then life will return to normal. Honestly, I think it’s done you some good to get into this mindset.”

“Why’s that?” I asked as I took a few steps forward and leant on the doorframe.

“Well, apart from your tongue skills have improved,” she grinned, “I think it’s good that you’re becoming used to helping around the house. It’s helped me loads. I’m usually the one that is stuck with the chores and it is nice to finally put my feet up.”

“Please can you help with just some chores? Just put down your Star Wars book for a while and we can start snuggling, I need my Emily snuggles.”

I pleaded with my eyes, trying to re-enact how cute and helpless Emily can look with her massive eyes, however it failed to pull at the heartstrings of the young, blonde woman, who simply re-opened her book and continued reading.

“It’s Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, actually,” she stated, “You’re almost done, Sammy. Keep going. We can have snuggle time tonight and I promise we’ll have much more fun when you are finally released.”

I huffed. My hand automatically travelled down towards the bottom of my stomach, the thin, metal frame of the belt could easily be felt from outside the outfit’s material, always reminding me of its presence. My thumb gently rubbed against the padlock, the one part of the device that was keeping everything tight to my body. It was harsh, unmoving and determined to stay in place until it was introduced to the key once again.

It hurt my head to think the key is so far away from me, both Emily and her mother told me that Jane kept it on her person at all times, although their stories seemed to differ, with my sister stating it was kept in the older woman’s purse and her mother telling me she kept it in her bra; wanting to keep it as close to her as possible. Honestly, I did not know who to believe, both of them could be lying, even Jane accidentally let it slip that she kept the key in her locker at work, although I was never sure if this was just whilst she was at work, or if she knew it was safe there. The key could even have been kept somewhere in the bungalow, and I wouldn’t know it was much closer than I thought.

Emily glanced up once again, noticing my far-away stare as my hand fingered at the brass lock. At first, sympathetic eyes looked up at me, as she knew exactly how I felt in that moment, but this lasted less than a few seconds.

“Sam…” she called my name in a somewhat strict tone, “The vacuuming?”

I blinked, bringing myself back to reality, “I’m on it!”

---

A collection of laughter travelled around the dinner table, with my father trying his hardest to calm himself down before sipping at his wine glass. Jane wasn’t as dignified, slamming her palm against the tablecloth as she fell further into her chair. Emily covered her mouth as the blood rushed to her face, her tear-filled eyes glancing between our parents, trying to hide herself from view as the embarrassing story my father told the family repeated itself in our heads.

Whilst I was smiling, I was relatively absent from the conversation.

I was constantly reminded of the belt against my waist, sitting in this position allowed the metal to push further into my stomach, whilst it wasn’t uncomfortable by any means; it forced my mind to constantly have it in my mind. Whilst I was allowed to wear my normal clothes when my father was home, it did little to help me forget about my situation.

The second issue was when I placed my fork into the pasta, it was one of my many chores to cook the dinner for the family; sadly I had failed. I got so lost in my other chores that I almost forgot about the food cooking and accidentally burnt it, something that I kept putting myself down on despite the calming reassurance by my sister. I glanced around, most of the food was already eaten at that point and it seemed that none of my family had any issues with what was put in front of them, but I knew it wasn’t as good as when Emily cooks; she was far better than me.

“Oh god, stop it!” Jane guffawed between the words, “Please stop it, I’ll bring my dinner back up!”

My father grinned ear to ear, showing all his teeth as he brought the wine glass back onto the table, “I swear it’s one-hundred percent true, hand on my heart.”

Emily’s hand gradually fell from in front of her face, bringing it back to the cutlery down by her plate, the laughter slowly fizzled back to simple giggles, then to the odd chuckle as silence entered the room.

“Well…” My dad said, clearing his throat, “I want to thank Samantha for such a lovely meal.”

“Yes!” Jane cheered, bringing her glass up in a similar way to my father.

Emily did the same, “Good job, sis.”

An awkward chuckle left my mouth, “Guys, you don’t have to, I know it wasn’t good.”

“It was good, and the fact you tried means more than anything else.” My dad kept his proud look.

“It was really nice,” Jane chimed in, “I’m not going to lie, it was a little burnt, but it was still great food. You shouldn’t put yourself down like that.”

“Thanks, Jane,” I smiled, my cheeks blushing a bright red.

“And it was a good last meal for us.”

“…Last meal?”

“Well…” Jane cleared her throat, “I didn’t mean it like that. But your father and I are getting married tomorrow, then we will be on the honeymoon. You two will be moved out by the time we return. This might be the last family dinner until you guys come back to town, whenever that would be.”

“Oh, I didn’t think about that.”

I felt a sudden heat hit my head, I had almost completely forgotten how soon that was going to be. In fact, it was less than a week since Emily and I were supposed to be in our new place in Oxford and start a completely new phase in our lives.

I numbly looked towards my sister, who was also giving our parents a vacant stare; clearly coming to the same realisation herself.

“How do you two feel about it?” My dad’s calming voice asked us both

“Y-yeah…” I stuttered, trying to get my brain to work, “It’s going to take a while to get used to, having a whole place to ourselves… and not having you two to boss us around.”

He chuckled, “We’ll keep out of your hair, we promise. However, I was referring to us getting married, are you still okay with that?”

Emily nodded, “Yeah, of course.”

“Sam?”

“Yeah… yeah, I’m okay with it… now.”

“Well, that’s good. I don’t think we can get the deposit back on the church” My father stood up, “I hope you don’t mind me going to bed early? Unlike you girls, I need to get my beauty sleep."

“See you tomorrow, Dad.”

Dad’s hand dragged along Jane’s shoulder as he walked past her, “Are you coming, Hun?”

“I’ll be there in a bit.” Jane smiled back at her future husband.

“Good.”

The sound of my father’s footsteps cushioned against the carpet slowly faded away as he walked out of the room and down the hallway. Silence returned to the dining room as Emily, and I contemplated what was in store for us both in the future and Jane looked at us both with a smile that was louder than words. She kept that smile on her face until she heard the door to their bedroom open and close, telling us that my father was out of earshot.

“Here, I think you’ve earned this now,” she finally broke the silence.

I must admit, I felt my heart skip a beat. Before I knew it, Jane was reaching into her bra and placed her palm against the table, when she finally brought her hand away, it revealed a familiar, silver key. The key to the belt that plagued my entire week, it was such an odd feeling to lay my eyes on it once more, I was beginning to think I would never see it again.

She continued, “I know I said I’d give it to you tomorrow, but I thought I would give you an extra day. You’ve really surprised me with your commitment recently.”

“I-uh. Thank you, Jane.” I didn’t know what to say, a part of me wanted to thank her properly, but then another part was reminded that she was the reason I was stuck in this situation in the first place.

“I must admit, at first, I did it for revenge. I didn’t like the idea of Emily wearing that, and that still applies. But I thought it would be a good lesson for you and to show me that you can take care of my daughter when you move to Oxford.”

“Jane, I will always take care of Emily.”

“I know you will be there emotionally for her, but I meant for you to physically take care of her. I didn’t want Emily to be cooking all the time for you, to be cleaning up and generally keeping the place tidy. I wanted to make sure you took that role on too, for you to both keep on top of the chores.”

A chuckle forced its way out of me, “It sounds like you are calling me lazy.”

Her smile widened, “I am not calling you that. I just want you to get in the habit of sharing everything. This is the first time you two will be on your own, your father and I won’t be there to help you out whenever anything needs sorting. You both need to get into a rhythm, share chores and whatnot.”

“Okay.”

"Sam… Emily and I had a talk, while you were out with Becky."

My eyes widened, she was talking about that time she thought I was out with Becky, when we were actually bound on our hands and knees and hiding out in the bedroom.

She continued, "And she told me the belt was her idea, it was something she wanted to try. And… whilst I still don't like the idea of either of you wearing it, I wanted to keep you in it to teach you a valuable lesson. A relationship is more than having fun and enjoying each other's company. It requires discipline, hard work and a lot of patience. Whilst I don't like that thing you have on your waist right now, I don't mind you and Emily indulging in… whatever you would like to call it. But that is just a part of the relationship, there is so much more. Your father and I won't be in your new place, so…"

"I understand. It was time for me to grow up."

"So, you understand me? I'm not saying you were immature, it's just…"

"Yes. I've learned my lesson. Emily and I are a team and it will take a lot of work when we move out. We can't just be messing around all day, we will have commitments."

“Good. I am really glad to hear that, Samantha. Well, there’s your key.” Jane stood up, “Just give me and your father around ten minutes to fall asleep before you two go crazy.”

Jane kissed me on the forehead before doing the same to my sister. She soon left the room in the exact same manner as my dad, which left Emily and I in silence once more, only the soft sound of her footsteps disappearing filled the room. My eyes glanced towards the key, something that I had been wanting ever since I was locked in was now right in front of me, within arm’s reach.

It was an odd feeling, now that I had it, the urge to release myself had faded away. Whilst I was grateful for Jane to release me early, it was no longer something that plagued my mind. Although, the realisation that I would no longer feel the unforgiving steel against my tender stomach was more desirable than the other release I would feel. It was odd not to get a rush or feeling of accomplishment once I felt the cold metal of the key in my fingertips.

I looked down as I felt the warmth of Emily's hand covering mine, her fingers gripped tight around it forcing my hand into a fist, placing the key into my palm. Her chin rested gently on my shoulder with her arm around me embracing me soft and soothingly.

"Shall we get the belt off, then?" Her voice whispered into my ear, "I have an idea of what we spend the rest of the night doing."

I grinned, "Yeah, I think we both deserve it."

---

The sound of the click gave me the largest sense of relief I had ever felt. The belt immediately loosened around my waist once the lock retracted, freeing me from the curse I had endured all week. Emily couldn't help but smile, she travelled downwards and unhooked the padlock from the plate and the rest of the belt came away easily, exposing my skin to the cool air of the night.

I was in a rather undignified position. Laying down on the bed whilst my sister worked at my bottom half made me feel like a toddler having their diaper changed. Making it worse was the fact I had to lift my lower body upwards for her to bring the metal device away from my body.

It was a humiliating act which lasted only a moment. Once that damned device was moved away from me, the urge to be touched by her took its place. It was a feeling I had become used to since I was initially locked in, but now it was no longer a fantasy, an idea that seemed so far away from us, there was nothing between my throbbing sex and my sister's body.

I watched her carefully as she knelt down on her bed, her back was slightly arched as she reached both hands at the bottom of her shirt and pulled off the piece of clothing effortlessly over her head, revealing her thin stomach and plain, white bra underneath. It was a sight that made me lick my lips. The way she threw her shirt onto the floor without a care in the world, the way she brought her hands to the mattress and slowly crawled over to me, the way she looked down at me as if I were her lunch.

All these things made my body tremble in anticipation.

She slowly came down, every inch made me want her further, it was a slow, mean act that tortured me until her lips finally connected with mine. She knew how inpatient I was and how much I wanted our bodies to connect. It was a sweet taste that entered my mouth, a familiar flavour that made its home inside me, coating the sides, my tongue, my teeth, until all I could taste was something sweet.

I was unsure what product Emily coated her lips in before we began, but it was a welcome taste. Whilst it was a product she used daily and something I have tasted ever since our first kiss, somehow it was even more overpowering than before, as if she was pushing her lips further into mine. It was a kiss that meant more than simply playing with each other before things got too hot and heavy. It was one that was so pure, free of malice and intent and only full of love. It was a kiss that had no hidden meaning behind it, just the care we had for each other, making me realise this was the first time in a while either one of us had been free from bondage.

She might have still been wearing that collar, but neither of us was dominant in that moment, none of us were submissive. We were lovers, sisters, we were one. I smiled, the realisation came over me that neither one of us was in charge and we could just enjoy each other for who we were. To my surprise, Emily smiled back at me in the exact same way. Did she come to the same conclusion?

I did not have the time to ask such a question, as my sister's lips were already busy traveling down my body. It started with slight pecks along my collarbone before traveling down… and down… and… oh, god…

---

I could not tell how long I had been awake for. From the moment I woke up, my eyes stared directly at the ceiling, taking in all the small details of the top of the bedroom as my brain began to wander.

The sun had begun to rise, it wasn’t powerful enough to fully illuminate the land, but enough to lighten the darkness that had plagued the sky since sunset. Increased detail came to my sight each minute that ticked by, I placed both of my arms behind my head; resting softly against the pillows beneath me whilst I began to comprehend what today actually meant for us as a family.

We would be unable to go back or change, like letters that were set in concrete. After today, my father and Emily’s mother would be married, and we would officially be stepsisters, connected by more than just our unusual relationship. Now there would be a piece of paper binding us together for the foreseeable future, another secret for us to hide from the outside world.

Emily dozed happily beside me, with her naked back towards me; all I could see were her shoulders lifting and depressing slowly as took deep breaths. It was an odd feeling, knowing that the events of today would permanently change us, whilst our close relationship with each other would persist as normal; something would be different.

I shook my head, knowing that there were valid reasons for our parent’s marriage. Their eloping did not have malicious intent, nor did it have the desire to harm our relationship in any way, in fact, their ceremony would be for the benefit of everyone involved.

It was something of a hard pill to swallow.

My hand rested against Emily’s shoulder; I stroked it for a second as my brain was already becoming exhausted from all the thoughts that ran through it. I then pulled myself closer to my sister, kissing the back of her neck before gripping her in a tight hug; as if I was holding on to this moment for as long as I could.

“I love you,” I whispered softly in her ear.

I didn’t want to wake her up yet, but I hoped my sentence would somehow reach her brain, perhaps connecting to the dream she was having and brightening the world she was momentarily in. Resting my head against hers, I embraced her as best I could, holding onto her naked form so tight. I just wanted this, for the rest of my life. Just Samantha and Emily… nothing more was needed.

However, the desire to go further quickly came around. My hands weren’t just content with holding the nude form of my partner, they wanted to indulge and explore more of her small frame. Last night didn’t seem to quench the thirst I’ve been wanting for the entire week, I needed more.

A collection of kisses continued on her neck, beginning from the bottom and working up towards her ear, something that was like an ‘On’ switch for me sister, pressing it in the correct way was a guarantee to get her going.

My hand scraped alongside her arm, which rested comfortably at her side. My fingers gingerly left her limb before touching the soft skin of her stomach, giving me the option of either traveling upwards or downwards. At that moment, I enjoyed the idea of teasing her before going any further, but at the same time I relished the idea of going straight for the main point.

“I love you, too,” Emily’s voice told me from the other side of the room.

My eyes widened, my hand immediately returned to my side. I lifted myself up to see her sitting at the desk and staring at her form in the mirror. A light layer of makeup was already applied to her face as she was running the hairbrush through her golden mane, a light, pink nightgown covered her thin frame, telling me she had been awake for some time. A quirky smile made its appearance once she caught my confused expression, followed by a simple wink.

I turned over the sleeping creature I shared the bed with, somehow the swift movement wasn’t enough to wake it, but allowed me to answer the sudden question that was placed. The familiar face of our friend Becky greeted me, her eyes remained closed but the sudden movement caused her mouth to open and fill the room with a quick snoring snort. It wasn’t the first time I had mixed up the two, both girls had an eerily similar figure and coloured hair, Becky was also a frequent occupier of our bedroom. Forcing the single bed to occupy three people on many occasions.

“When did she get in?” I asked, placing her back into her original position.

Emily giggled softly to herself, “It was late, she accidentally woke me up when she came in.”

“We need to put a lock on that window.”

“We don’t, it’s cute.”

“Do you know why she decided to join us? And why she is naked?”

“She probably saw that we were too and wanted to join in on the fun. I think she said she was out last night, I didn’t hear much as I fell asleep rather quickly.”

“Unusual for her to be out so late.”

"Well, we can ask her what happened as soon as she wakes up."

I laid back down on the bed, feeling the comfort of the mattress caress my naked form and wish me back into the world of sleep. My hands brushed against my eyes as if to try and shake off the need to return to that world, "How long do we have until we have to get up?"

"We still have a few hours."

Emily finally placed the brush back on the desk in front of her before she placed her hair into a tight ponytail. She took several glances into the mirror, staring with a level of intensity at each spot of her face, as if she was looking for imperfections in her usually beautiful face. A soft smile crept up once she realised there was nothing to worry about.

"Does that mean I have to get up?" I asked in a soft whine.

She finally stood up and took a few steps over to me, "Nope, we are not required for a while yet, we still have some time just to ourselves."

I couldn't help but catch the way her pink nightgown covered her delicious form, stretching tightly against her skin and showing me that she was wearing nothing underneath. Despite having a full view of her nakedness last night, just the slight image of her body was enough to take my mind off the early morning and gain interest in something completely different.

"Well, what did you have in mind then?"

She crawled onto the bed, placing her body directly over mine and placing her knees on either inside of my hips. The way her legs moved brought the gown up just enough to see the top of her thighs, but wasn't enough to show off her sex. Just one small movement would have given me a full view.

My hands automatically moved up, placing my warm palms just above her knees before they travelled further upwards. My sister allowed me to explore until the tips of my fingers pressed against the soft fabric of her dress, only then did her hands travel over mine and stop them in their place. A soft, sensual chuckle left her lips. She brought herself downwards and gave me a quick kiss, keeping her hands in place.

"I'm not going to make it that easy for you." Her voice was a whisper.

There was a hint of dominance in her voice that caught me off-guard. It wasn't a tone Emily used often, but it made my knees weak every time I heard it. I couldn't help but smile at that one sentence. She brought herself back up, making sure to use just enough strength in her hands to keep mine from touching her further.

"Can I touch you? Please?"

Emily snorted, "Did you just ask me permission?"

"Umm, yeah?"

Emily looked bemused, "I wasn't expecting that. But… yeah, you can touch me. If you can…"

Was this a challenge? I pushed more strength into my hands, trying my hardest to bypass the grip my sister had on me, but it was pointless. No matter how much I tried to break out, she managed to keep my hands in place whilst wearing that knowing grin. She wanted to be touched, I could sense she wanted my fingers to tease her sex, for our bodies to connect and for my lips to travel over her skin. However, the game to get to this point was almost as precious as all the actions that would come afterwards. My fingers were not proceeding any further, despite how close they were to their goal. I stared downward, her sex was right there; hidden under that thin layer of cloth, within reach and yet it seemed so far.

I sighed.

I shut off all the strength to my hands, allowing them to rest without any tension on her freshly shaven legs. Emily's head cocked, realising that I was no longer pushing against her, I was no longer aiming for the same goal I was just seconds before.

"A-are you done?" She asked, her voice a collection of confusion, uncertainty and disappointment.

Her hands let go, allowing mine to fall down onto the bed beneath us. Confirming to her that I was no longer fighting, I was no longer playing her game.

She continued, "Oh… Sam, keep going! I was enjoying tha- AHHH!"

I brought my hands back up, allowing them to rest underneath her butt as I pulled her off me, taking my sister by surprise. Her hands flew up, allowing me full access to her body. I lifted myself off the bed and turned us both around, forcing her onto her back and into the same position I was just in. The blanket fell off, revealing my fully naked body pressed up against hers as she wrapped her legs around my waist.

She giggled. Realising what I was doing and where I wanted her to end up. I had won this little contest. During this short struggle, her gown had ridden up, revealing her sex for just a moment before we pressed our bodies together. My breasts were pressed against hers, her sex was so close to mine I could feel the heat radiating off it. Her lips were so close and inviting, I couldn't help but bring myself down for a quick kiss.

I wore the same smile she was wearing just seconds before, content with my small victory.

"Thank god, I am no longer in that belt. Otherwise, this would have been hell for me" I whispered, bringing my head back.

"Mmmm…" Emily licked her lips, "Now you have me exactly where you want me, what are you going to do with me?"

"Why should I tell you? When I could just show you instead."

Emily's smile widened in anticipation of what was going to happen. I licked my lips in the same fashion she did earlier, I looked down at my prize and pictured all the places I could explore with my mouth and tongue. Maybe I should start at her neck and get her really worked up before I go any further? Or I could play with her breasts? It would work a lot faster but the teasing will be over sooner, rather than later. Or, maybe I could just go straight down and indulge myself without the foreplay.

There were so many choices. It was like a large buffet, not knowing where to start. My first thought was to travel down to her neck, to deliciously bite, nibble and kiss that area just enough to get her wanting more, then I would slowly travel down to her breasts and bring her slowly erecting nipples into my mouth for even more play. Then…

"Ah!" I yelped, feeling unfamiliar arms around my body.

I was swung down onto the bed, being pushed down against the mattress by a naked body. The action happened so swiftly that I needed a second to realise what had happened. For one second, I was looking at my sister's body as if it was my breakfast, the next I was looking up at the ceiling with a pair of arms around my body, holding me tight as if I was a precious item.

A short giggle came from the other side of the bed, Emily slowly pulled herself up, resting her body against the woman who was holding me down as her eyes glanced over me like this was a more interesting situation than the one we both had planned.

It was Becky. She sang peacefully in my ear as she rested against me, telling me I was unable to move until she had fully woken up. She was holding me as if I was a teddy bear, bringing her comfort at this specific time. I had to laugh, she decided in the small time that she was awake to pull me off my sister, unaware of what was going to come next for us both and have me for herself.

But… she continued snoring.

"She's already asleep again?!" My voice was higher than I anticipated, it was a genuine shock she had returned to the realm of sleep so swiftly.

It must have been a few seconds since she pulled me away from Emily. How did she get the strength to enact that action and simply slip back as if nothing had happened? Emily pulled herself off the bed, forcing my eyes to stare at her beautiful form as she took her time exiting the room.

"Well, I'm going to leave you two to it," she smiled, "It seems like you both need a moment."

I reached my arm out, "Em… please, get her off me."

She sent me a wink, one that I had seen many times before. One that told me she wasn't going to help and keep me there until the other blonde girl woke up naturally. She offered no help and left the room, leaving me to my fate.

---

"Oh… did I do that?" Becky asked me in a soft, tired tone.

The girl sat on our bed, the blanket covering her naked form as she began rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. By this time I had already begun getting dressed, it was a strange sensation to feel underwear on my frame again, something that I had begun to forget what I felt.

I sat down in front of the mirror and began brushing my hair, trying to make it as neat as possible for the day ahead, "Yeah, you were still out of it, but you held me down as if you were wrestling a bear, what were you dreaming about?"

"Umm… wrestling a bear?"

"Becky. Also, Emily told me you got in really late last night. I know you don't live here and you are more than welcome to come in anytime, but we would worry about you if you were out that late."

"Awww, that's sweet of you."

I turned towards her, "Are you going to tell us why you were out that late? Does Tanya even know? Oh, you two didn't have a falling out, did you? And she kicked you out?"

"No, no nothing like that. Tanya knew I wasn't going to be home."

"Then what was it?"

I noticed the younger woman's face fall, her eyes traveling down to the blanket that was covering her body, "I…I…"

"Please tell me. Even if it's bad."

"It's not bad. I was just… I was just…"

"Becky, please."

"I was on a date."

"Oh? That's it? That's not too bad then, as long as it's nothing to be worried about."

I turned back around to the mirror and continued brushing my hair, adamant to get everything looking good for our parents wedding later that day.

I turned around, "Wait a minute! Date?!"

She smiled, "Yeah, I was on a date. I came over last night to tell you guys, but you were already crashed out by the time I got here, so I just… joined you."

"Wait…" I stood up, "You went on a date yesterday, with an actual person and the first thing you wanted to do afterwards was tell us about it?"

"Yeah."

"Well, that's actually really sweet." I sat back down.

"I wanted to ask you, if it was okay?"

"Why wouldn't we be okay with it?"

"Because of how things are with us three. I didn't know if we were in a real relationship or not, or if we were just having fun. I didn't want to get serious with someone else if I had commitments elsewhere."

I smiled. It was a genuine smile that only seemed to grow as I looked on at the young woman in front of me. She was all grown up, she might have been completely naked, with only a small blanket covering her shame, yawning gracefully as she slowly was re-entering the world of the living, but she was so much more mature than the odd girl we met a year prior.

"It's okay" I couldn't help but show a wide grin, "It was fun, but you should put your relationship with this person first if you really think it's going somewhere."

"I do… they are very nice to me."

"Are we going to meet this person? Or is it something we've already met?"

"You'll meet them one day." She finally picked herself up, holding the blanket close to her body, "I better get changed and run along then, sounds like you two have a long day ahead of you."

"We do."

"Sorry for interrupting your time with Emily earlier, from the sound of it you two were getting hot and heavy."

"Well, we will have plenty of time to do that in the future. It's not Tanya, is it?"

Becky's eyes jumped towards me, shocked by my question, "What? What do you mean?"

"Is it Tanya you are dating? You two have been spending a lot of time together and she's good to you."

"No," she chuckled, "No, it's someone else. I don't think Tanya is really into women. She's always on dating sites looking at men, so I don't think I'm her type."

"That's understandable. Is it Louise?"

"Sam!"

"What?" I laughed.

"I'm not that desperate. I want to leave things with her in the past."

"Okay… is it…?"

"Stop trying to guess. You'll meet them sooner or later."

"Okay… but is it…?"

Becky jumped towards me and leant down, placing her lips on mine for a brief moment. It was a soft kiss that managed to get me to stop talking. Despite how short the connection was, I relished every millisecond that went by, knowing that it was possibly the last time we were going to connect in that way. She slowly brought herself back up, giving me a soft smile that forced a shudder to travel over my body. It was a smile that made me want her, it might have been a thought of jealousy, but knowing she was seeing someone else made me want her even more than ever.

I stayed sitting down, forcing my hands at my sides, the hands that wanted to reach up and touch her slim, perfect body. Her smile slowly faded as she turned around and allowed the blanket to fall towards the floor, revealing her entirely naked back and cute butt. I had to grit my teeth as I watched her bend down and pick up her clothes off the floor, starting with a white pair of panties. She brought one leg up and allowed the cotton material to slide up her freshly shaved legs, it wasn't long before the other leg did the same and her sex was covered.

Then she glanced up, noticing my stiff posture and red face, every cell in my body was willing me to stay still and only watched as she dressed herself. This caused her to look down, at her thin waist, at her small breasts and the light set of freckles that covered her skin. Becky never saw herself as sexy, it was a term that had been lost on her many times before. However, in this moment she knew that I wanted her, that I cared for her so deeply that all I wanted at that time was to touch her, to place my body against hers. It was the first time she had ever felt that feeling, to be desired by a different person.

"Fine" She nodded, "But just a quick cuddle, nothing more, okay?"

"Yes!" I screamed, jumping up and pushing her onto the bed.

We both laughed as our body fell onto the mattress. I wrapped my arms around her so tight and instantly began nuzzling my face into her chest, wanting to savour every second in this last moment between us.

---

The young woman waved at us one last time before she began walking up the dusty footpath towards civilization. I wanted to give her a lift back to town, but that wouldn't have given us enough time to get back to the house before the wedding. I felt a slight sense of guilt as the young woman smiled at us from a distance. Both Emily and I stood in the doorway of the entrance to the bungalow, holding each other close as Becky left us, both in a physical and a mental sense. It felt like a small weight had been lifted with the departure of the third person in our relationship, yet it also felt as if we were giving something up. On the one hand, I could now focus entirely on Emily, putting her needs and wants first before thinking about anyone else, but I would also miss the intimacy with the other blonde haired girl.

With Becky, it wasn't as serious. Spending alone time was like an indulgence, like a sweet treat after a large meal. However, Emily was my priority, the love of my life and my everything.

We smiled and waved as the young woman's figure got smaller and smaller, eventually passing a large bush as she entered the main street, disappearing from our sight entirely much quicker than we would have wished.

"Wow, she's actually dating someone" Emily stated in a quiet tone, as if Becky was close enough to hear us, "Do you remember how quiet and awkward she was when we met her? I never thought she would get into a serious relationship with someone."

I smiled back, "She still is awkward and quiet, that's never changed. But she has grown up, it's nice to see her in something real and not going off and being someone's pet."

"Yeah… Did she tell you who it is?"

"No. We'll find out sometime, just… it's the not knowing that is getting to me. I would love to know who she saw last night."

I brushed my arm up and down the thin material that covered my sister's back. I finally looked away from the entrance to the main street and took in the thin gown that hung off her thin frame.

"How long do we have until we need to get ready?" I asked her, keeping in contact with her frame.

"Not long… but long enough."

My sister shot me a grin before pulling away from me. She swiftly turned on her heels and walked further into the building, following her movements I noticed she walked towards our bedroom, as if inviting me to continue what we started earlier. Whilst I was ready to follow her, I took one last look outside, as if expecting Becky to have turned back and returned back into our relationship.

But there was no one there. Just the light wind of the morning, whistling through the trees and causing the loose clothes on my body to lift up lightly, and form goosebumps onto my soft skin. Whilst sadness began to fill my heart, it was also nice to see that she had met someone more serious. Someone who could look after her, take care of her needs, put her desires first and give her a normal relationship that Emily and I couldn't.

I chuckled at my own words as I began to close the door. A normal relationship? What was that? A normal relationship would be between two people, the chance to grow closer, get married, have children and everything else. Something that would have become harder over time with three people instead of two.

A normal relationship. Could I even say Emily and I had that? Apart from certain aspects, I would assume Emily and I were normal in that regard.

I chuckled again as the door clicked close and I began to travel down the hall to have sex with my sister.
