---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What Little Dolls Are Made Of
authors:
- Johnsan
tags:
- Solo-f
- transform
- doll
- mannequin
- lovedoll
- catsuit
- latex
- cons
- X
date: 2010-01-06 00:00:00
---

She sat relaxing in the
overstuffed cloth chair, having already slipped off her shoes. While wriggling
her toes with her eyes closed she began to feel relaxed, so relaxed in fact she
let go.

As she did she felt the changes
sweep over her as her skin began to change, not from any particular location,
but all over at once. It began to change from her normal olive tones to a
grayish tan color with a sheen like plastic.

She knew it was changing, as it
had changed all those times before from skin to plastic. Now she felt it take
over her nether most loins as well as it closed over her vagina leaving only a
smooth expanse in its place. The pleasure she received from these changes was
amplified by what had happened to the place that defined her so much. Now to add
to this she felt and knew that seams were appearing around her ankles, wrists,
thighs, waist, shoulders, and neck. Lacy knew this would now enable anyone to
dismantle her now very hollow body. While unusual for a mannequin to have this
many seams these, days she enjoyed it.

Lacy, with her eyes closed in lust
and pleasure as the erotic feeling coursed through her, felt the changes happen
to her face and head as her face became plastic with colored glass for eyes.
Without an act of volition on her part her eyelids fluttered open as her face
adopted a pose and smile with her glass eyes staring off into her
apartment.

She remained there for hours as
she had done before ever since she was a little girl. Back then though she had
changed herself into copies of her dolls. The first time it had happened she had
been looking at her dolls, fairly envious of their existence and beauty, when
she had wished she was just like them. What followed was both a pleasant and
fearful surprise as she began to change. She found herself frozen, unable to
move or cry out. Since her gaze was fixed on her dolls she could only see
herself out of the corners of her eye.

What she saw would have made her
gasp had she still been able. Lacy’s skin color was changing to a light tan
color -- the almost flesh color of a doll. It even had the sheen of plastic as
it reflected off the light from her lamp. Lacy was apprehensive but still
fascinated by what was happening to her. She felt rather than saw her body began
moving and rippling as it became less like hers and more like the idealized
image of an adult women. The idea that she was finally growing up, albeit in
plastic form, filled Lacy with a warm glow. Now she could wear all the wonderful
looking clothes she liked and not be told it wasn’t appropriate for her. Lacy
remained there, feeling the seams forming as well on her now plastic body.
Before she knew it she was a Barbie doll.

Lacy looked at her dolls standing
there, now knowing she was just like them, she wished she was *with* them,
standing alongside her new sisters as well. With a moments disorientation Lacy
found herself with a new perspective, looking out into her room from the shelf
where she kept her dolls. *“I moved myself?!”* she wondered to herself even
more perplexed by what was happening to her. As she stood there, though, she
relaxed, feeling more at home like she belonged there. She stayed there for the
rest of the day undisturbed except when her mom came by and dusted all her
dolls. Just being seen as one of the other dolls seemed to bring joy to Lucy as
well and the feeling of the duster on her sensitive plastic skin was wonderful
as well in a way she was just starting to recognize as sexual. Soon though, she
wondered how to bring herself back, first out of the display case she was in and
then full restoration to a living teenaged girl. The panic and fear began to
rise, but just as she wanted it so she found herself back on her bed in human
form. Lacy giggled as she sat there on her bed, back to normal as before. “I
wonder if I can do that again?” she asked herself.

“This time maybe a little
different,” she concentrated in her mind on a picture of what she wanted to be
and as she did so she relaxed her body into her new form it just seemed natural
to her now. As she did she went from a pretty teenaged girl to a Just-my-size
Barbie. Lacy lay back on the bed, unable to move but knowing from the way she
now felt she was indeed plastic and a doll again. _**“It worked !! I can’t
believe it worked. I can do this anytime, I bet,”*** she excitedly told
herself.  It was true._

_The weeks went by and as they did
Lacy became more and more practiced with her new found abilities. She found she
could mimic any doll she knew or could imagine. In addition, she found her
ability to teleport herself was only in doll form and only for a distance of 10
feet, more or less. She could teleport clothing_onto* her doll form as
well, as long as she knew where it was, so even when frozen in plastic she could
change her look. As she was sitting alone, looking at a store catalog and seeing
the dresses there, she began to think of mannequins and how in a way they were
nothing more than oversized dolls themselves.

With this realization, she began
to remember the mannequins she’d seen at the department store. Lacy began to
imagine herself as one, focusing on it, concentrating and as she did she felt
the familiar feelings of her transformation encompass her again. This time
though she didn’t get smaller in fact she seem to grow somewhat taller, becoming
longer limbed as she became more statuesque like the attractive mannequins she’d
seen before. Again she froze and became plastic then came to rest on her bed
staring up at the ceiling as her hair which had become a wig had shifted and
slid around her now bald pate.

Lacy noted she was even posed like
a mannequin but still in her ill fitting clothes on a now very adult body. *“I’m a mannequin now! Just wish I could see myself!”* she admitted to
herself. *“Hmm I could just teleport myself maybe?”* with that she again
focused her thoughts and in a moment found herself leaning against the wall but
in view of the mirror.

To her surprise, she saw a blonde
mannequin that looked nothing like her. Lacy could see the seams around her
wrists and shoulders just like she had seen on other mannequins. Even if she
couldn’t see it, she knew her groin was now smoothed over plastic like on any
other mannequin. Lacy could feel how hollow she was as well and how she now had
a metal socket in her butt for a support rod. She never felt so at home in her
body as she did now, it was like when she was a doll only more so. Lacy just
wished she had better clothing to wear on her new form and maybe somewhere to be
displayed.

Lacy spent the rest of the night
in her new plastic body, admiring herself in the mirror and dreaming of being
put on display until she finally drifted off to sleep. As she was undisturbed
that evening, no one knew of what she had done. In fact no one at all knew of
her recent abilities. With her parents and siblings absent that from her home
she was sure no one would find out; that night at least.

So it was that Lacy continued to
transform into dolls and mannequins when the opportunity presented itself. When
she was at home alone, she became a mannequin as a matter of course. Lacy would
change herself into many different mannequins; in fact she’d find them online
and mimic them perfectly.

When her family was around she
would instead set her sights lower and become a doll. Of course, no one noticed
an extra doll in her collection so she would often remain there looking out into
her own room. In fact she was transforming herself so much that it seemed to be
her natural state and remaining human seemed to require some effort. At times
all she had to do was relax and she would become plastic and doll like.

The pleasant feelings she received
in her transformed state were like a drug and sometimes she just had to become
inanimate, even in places where she really didn’t have the privacy. Sometimes
Lacy would head off to the rest room, lock the door, then change herself. She
would remain there for up to fifteen minutes before she felt compelled to
restore herself then leave. Lacy would often look for opportunities to change
herself as time went by like the time she was in a department store changing
room and she took the opportunity literally. She just remained there until she
was found by a sales girl who carried her frozen plastic body into the back with
the other mannequins. There she remained, thinking *“I could just stay here
for good. It would be so easy!! Oh, and it felt so good when that salesgirl
picked me up! I never realized how sensitive my whole body has become in this
form!”* she determined.

Then after she had been there all
day, enjoying herself and her surroundings, Lacy decided she really had to
return home. She promised herself that someday she’d extend her stay for much
longer. In no time at all Lacy was able to make her way out without being
discovered.
Through school and college she
continued to practice changing her form, almost as if it was something she
needed like the air she breathed. While having a few close calls, she was never
caught changing. The closest she ever came to being discovered was in college.
Being on her own and away from others for the most part, she indulged herself
more often and for longer periods. It was during one of these extended periods
that her roommate discovered her.

Lacy had decided to rest and as
she did she just let the change happen, believing her roommate Kim would not
return until the next day. As she lay there drifting off to sleep, the door
opened. To her great surprise and shock, in stumbled Kim, tipsy from a night of
partying. The roommate called out in a slurred voice, “Hey Lacy, how are you?”
Then she stumbled over and touched her now plastic friend. She recoiled when she
felt the stiffened form. “What the hell? It’s a mannequin that looks just like
her!” she said in surprise, then she broke out in a grin. “Oh someone is trying
to prank me, huh? Well I got something for them!” she grinned nastily.

She grabbed Lacy, which again made
her cum inside her plastic body, and for the first time ever began disassembling
Lacy. The orgasm which washed over her plastic body was so massive and
delightful she couldn’t even encompass it in her mind. _**“OHHHHH AAAHHHHH
Please more don’t stop!”*** was all Lacy could think as her roommate was
removing her pieces until she was a torso with her arms and legs splayed around
her on the bed._

_Lacy’s roommate then took the
sluttiest clothes she could find and dressed Lacy’s display form body. Kim then
took Lacy’s mannequin form and placed it in the hallway with a note saying ‘Hi,
I’m Lacy, please lick my pussy!’ Her roommate then said, “That ought to fix her
wagon,” she said with a grin. Kim then drunkenly tottered off and went to bed,
leaving Lacy there._

_Lacy was surprised at Kim’s
actions; she’d never seen her roommate that out of it._“She must be having a
bad night. I need to get out of here though!”* she thought to herself.
Although part of her did want someone to give her a lick or two before she left.
So it was that one of the nearby doors opened and someone came out. Jill, with
long black hair, tall, and very pretty at least Lacy thought so.

She came over to the mannequin
with a look of curiosity on her face. When she saw Lacy she smiled
appreciatively and then read the note. This elicited a smirk from her and a
bigger grin. “Well, Lacy, I think I can accommodate you.” she then lifted the
mini-skirt on the mannequin and lowered the leather panties. Jill then licked
the vacant plastic spot with a giggle and rubbed her hand on the mannequin's
body. She then shook her head, “I’m just too damn kinky!” she told herself, “Or
too damn drunk!” she laughed, then continued on, leaving Lacy alone in the
hallway.

*“Oh shit; I can’t believe it’s
Jill who finds me like this. Damn I’m so embarrassed!”* she told herself.
When Jill spoke, Lacy knew if her eyes weren’t glass they would have been round
as saucers when Jill said she’d accommodate Lacy, then licked her.

*“Jill, I didn’t know you
thought about me like that?”* she moaned mentally *“Mmmm, I think she
really does like me, or maybe she likes **mannequins**. Either way, she’s
making me happy!”* Lacy squealed in pleasure in her thoughts. As Jill
commented on her libido and tipsy state, Lacy thought *“Oh no, baby, you’re
not too kinky or drunk -- just keep up what you’re doing,”* she said in the
warmth of the erotic pleasure she felt. Much to Lacy’s regret though, Jill left
instead. *“Damn she’s gone. Well I have to get out of here. I’ll try my
closet; maybe Kim’s asleep by now,”* she thought to herself as she
concentrated and then disappeared from the hallway.

In an instant she was in her tiny
closet and listening to the heavy snores of Kim. Lacy changed herself back to
human and stepped out of the closet. She looked at herself in the mirror and
smiled. “This might be a good look for me.” Lacy giggled. Lacy then took off the
clothes and note and went to bed.

In the morning Kim barely
remembered anything about it and when Lacy met Jill she never mentioned it at
all. For Lacy she actually enjoyed that night but since she really didn’t know
how to tell either one of them it was really her, she didn’t say a thing. The
rest of her time there she made sure if she did change no one would see her and
she was very circumspect about it as well. There was one time though, during a
spring break right before her last year, when she threw caution to the wind.

When school had let out, she
concocted a story about going on a trip for those months during spring break.
Lacy told her family and friends about this bogus trip to allay everyone’s
curiosity. She then drove her car to a long term parking lot near the airport
and then caught a cab. The cab took her to a nearby store where she had nothing
except for an empty box which normally held a doll. Lacy walked into the store
when it was relatively empty. She walked to the doll section and placed the box
on the shelf next to the dolls. Making sure she was unobserved Lacy just let the
transformation happen. Now it took place rather quickly and as soon as it had
she moved herself. In an instant she was looking out from the box. She had made
sure to wear clothing that was appropriate for the doll she had become so no one
suspected as she stood rigidly posed there with the other dolls. *“This is
perfect -- the next few months as a lovely doll! I’ll be some little girls
plaything! I can’t wait!!”* she enthused.

Just as quickly as she wished
Lacy, was purchased and taken away by a small girl. Laura loved Lacy, calling
her Daisy and playing with her almost every day. She was treated quite well by
Laura only twice did things get out of hand. Once she was lost in an airport and
another the family dog had tried to bury her. The next months were the best time
Lacy had ever had. They would play dress up together and have teas. Laura would
have Lacy in a wedding dress and marrying one of her Ken dolls. Then she would
play fashion model with Lacy, which was Lacy’s favorite of course. She would
have Lacy model clothing all day. For Lacy it was so much fun she never wanted
it to end. *“I almost think I should just stay this way until she outgrows me
and then hopefully I’d end up with another little girl!”* she mentally
sighed. Lacy knew, though, that she had to leave as her spring break ended. So
with a heavy heart Lacy waited for the day when she was dressed in some clothes
she could make her way home in. With more effort than normal she teleported
herself outside the house and back into human form. Lacy then made her way back
to the airport using the money and key she had secreted on her body. She drove
home, tired and in some ways heart broken. When she had been home for awhile she
bought and sent a replacement doll to Laura anonymously.

Lacy finished her schooling then
began her adult life with a career and place of her own. *“Finally I can
change when I want and for as long as I want.!!” she thought giddily.* But of
course, this was hyperbole. When she was at work she couldn’t transform and when
she went out in public she had to keep her desires in check.

On the other hand, Lacy was now
free to indulge herself in the privacy of her apartment so she underwent the
transformation often, spending entire weekends in one doll or mannequin form or
another. She even obtained a stand to use so when she was a mannequin she would
be held upright. Similarly, when Lacy was a doll she had a doll stand or box to
be in. Of course, she also had her doll collection to be a part of when she was
in that diminutive plastic form.

Lacy went out on an accessory
buying spree when she had the money. She purchased new doll clothes and
miscellaneous items to be the perfect doll. Lacy would spend time in her new
pink plastic sports car or her plastic Malibu beach house. Every time she was
beside herself with delight. Indeed, that fixed smile on her plastic face was
anything but fake. It only served to make her even more adorable, if that was
possible.

In the same vein, she increased
the extent of her full size wardrobe so as a mannequin she was dressed to be
sexy and alluring. Lacy loved to see herself in the mirror; the only way that
would have been better was to have been in a window.

If she wanted to change her
clothes, all she had to do was use her ability to teleport clothing onto or off
her stiff hollow body. Changing her pose she found was something that was rather
intuitive. Lacy found all she had to do was imagine her new pose and her plastic
form would undergo a quick change, less involved and faster than the one that
originally made her a display form. Even that much longer and involved
transformation seemed to take much less time these days. It was practically
instantaneous for her now, which was fine with Lacy. *“I know that’ll come in
handy when I decide to start my modeling career in that department store!”* she thought to herself with a mental smile as she stood posed and dressed in
her bedroom.

With all this, she didn’t ignore
her social life. It, too, flourished as she was a beautiful, intelligent woman
with a personality that many found charming and irresistible. Her paramours,
whether man or woman, would go out of their way to secure her affections but
none of them found out her little secret. Oh, they would spend the evening
together, but Lacy made sure she always slept alone for fear of anyone waking up
to find a doll or mannequin in bed with them. Although the thought of that
happening did make her giggle a little. The only thing she did have to look out
for was alcohol, because if she got tipsy she would lose her self control and
she felt no one was prepared for the results of that.

The way she learned to exercise
caution with spirits was when she was still in school. Lacy had been invited to
a party at one of her friends and, of course, drinks were readily available. So
when she was offered one she went ahead and accepted something called a Long
Island Iced Tea.

It was the first time she had
really had a chance to drink anything alcoholic, so Lacy had no idea about its
effects on her. As she was drinking and feeling more relaxed she began talking
to one guy whom she did like. So began the banter that always takes place in
such social settings.

Soon Lacy and her new friend were
joking and laughing with each other. Being a normal guy and Lacy being a
particularly attractive girl he began complementing her. “You know, Lacy, you’re
just the cutest girl I’ve ever seen -- you’re just such a doll!” he said with a
big smile.

Lacy blushed and laughed, “You are
so right you know!” With that she changed herself into a doll. Now there were no
cries of alarm or surprise because at the moment she changed he had been nudged
by someone and then turned his head in response. In fact everyone had been so
involved or distracted no one noticed a five foot tall raven haired Asian beauty
changing into a one foot tall Barbie doll. When Lacy’s new friend looked over,
he looked for her and found she had disappeared but instead found a small doll.
“What the hell? Damn she’s gone! I really liked her too!” he said as he put the
doll on a nearby shelf.

What he didn’t hear was a really
buzzed Lacy in doll form say *“Oh I like you too! I’m here in your hands. Come
on just play with me! Oh, here I am, no don’t put me on the shelf. Damn he can’t
hear me!”* she said to herself as he walked away. As she stood there on the
shelf she looked out over the party *“Oh the hell with it. I might as well
just stay this way.!”* and she just sort of fell half asleep.

As Lacy was dozing her roommate
came up and found her. “Oh, hey, whose doll is this?” she loudly announced. When
no one spoke up she put Lacy into her purse then asked, “Hey have you guys seen
my roommate?” wondering out loud where Lacy had gotten to. Figuring she had
found a ride back to their dorm room, she walked out with the doll in her purse.

When Kim picked up Lacy and asked
that question all Lacy could do was respond *“I guess I’m yours now, Kim,”* and she giggled in her plastic head. *“Oh I think Kim needs to clear out her
purse.”* Lacy observed as she rode inside. *“I hope Kim plays with me, it’s
so disappointing when they don’t!”* Lacy thought with a mental frown. When
Kim had asked where Lacy was, she couldn’t help but call out the answer, which
luckily for Lacy no one heard from her fixed plastic lips. *“I’m in your
purse, Kim. Now home Geeves!”* she mentally giggled.

Kim indeed did leave the party and
arrived at their shared domicile. There she took out the Lacy doll she had in
her purse and put her on Lacy’s bed. When Kim then went to bed, Lacy protested *“Ah damn it Kim. Why don’t you play with me! I wish someone would!”* but
her train of thought was interrupted by a mental yawn and the extreme sleepiness
she began to feel, so in moments Lacy slept in her plastic form dreaming of
being a doll forever.

In the morning Lacy was awoken by
Kim’s morning activities. A bleary eyed Lacy looked out wondering why everything
looked so big. Her slowly focusing eyes began to see and when she tried to move
them or her head she began to panic until she remembered what happened last
night. *“Oh shit, I got drunk and changed! I hope no one saw. Damn it! I can’t
believe my head hurts like this, even as a plastic doll!”* Lacy thought
wryly.

As she lay there Kim looked over
and worried about where Lacy was. *“She’s never been gone like this without
some word.”* Kim thought to herself with a furrowed brow. *“I’ll wait a few
more hours and if I don’t hear from her I’ll call someone.”* she resolved in
her mind. Kim then left, leaving the inanimate Lacy alone in the room.

As soon as she was gone, Lacy
restored herself. *“That’s over, now all I have to do is explain to Kim what
happened to the new doll,”* she told herself as she began cleaning herself. *“I guess no public drinking for me or I’ll end up in someone’s collection.
Not that I wouldn’t mind for the right person,”* she laughed at that thought.

As the day went on she found Kim
and explained her absence, which seemed to allay her in some way. Lacy also went
shopping and found a doll to take her place on the shelf so Kim wouldn’t suspect
anything. She also thanked Kim for the new doll, telling her it was something
special indeed.

So it was Lacy found herself on
her own and indulged herself at home at every opportunity. She had a bed but as
time went by she began to spend less and less time sleeping in it. Lacy
preferred to spend the night slumbering as a doll or motionless mannequin, only
using the bed when she had guests.

Then at work, she found when it
was a particularly boring or difficult day she could duck into the restroom and
close the door to the stall she was in and change into a mannequin without
anyone becoming the wiser. Lacy found she could do it for at least fifteen maybe
twenty minutes before she had to restore herself, then return to her desk with a
big smile.

One day, when things were
particularly slow she began to think *“You know I could just change here in my
cubicle for a few minutes and who would know?* *I mean today no one would
come bothering me.”* So resolved, she began to change, feeling those same
pleasant erotic feelings she always enjoyed when she did.

Lacy remained at her desk, frozen
in plastic with her back turned towards her the entrance of her cubicle. Looking
at the screen, facing down with her hair framed around her stiff features it was
difficult to see the change into mannequin form. No one would have suspected,
unless they touched her or looked directly into her face*. “I should have done
this long ago!”* she thought pleasantly in her display form.

As she sat there, one of her
office mates walked by, looking at her seemingly intent form working away on her
computer. He stepped into her cubicle and walked over to her, reaching over to
tap her on the shoulder. “Lacy, do you have that file we discussed earlier? I
could really use it now,” he asked, puzzled at how concentrated she seemed,
seemingly oblivious to his arrival.

*“Oh now this is the way to
spend time at work! Just sitting around, looking perfect and felling great!!
Mmmm now if I could just get a job…Oh shit!”* as she felt someone close
enough to touch her and in fact he was about to as she restored herself to human
form. Lacy looked up at his smiling face and smiled as well. “Hello, yes I have
it here I’ll send it right over to you,” she said while inside chastising
herself for almost getting caught.

Instead of leaving right away,
like she was hoping, he instead said “So what was that you were concentrating so
hard on?. You didn’t move a muscle or even seem to breathe. It was like you were
a statue!” he laughed

“Oh, just something I wanted to do
right the first time is all!” she said smiling. “We statues do work hard you
know.” Lacy giggled and so did he.

“Well I got to get back; thanks
Lacy!” he said as he waved goodbye.

“Bye!” was all she said as she
just slumped at her desk *“Phew, that was close. I don’t know what I’d have
done if he had found out. But maybe he might have liked it. Hmmm, I wonder.”* Lacy contemplated. It did have a certain appeal, finding someone who could and
would appreciate what she was able to do. She did find him attractive so that
would have been a bonus as well. *“In fact, I do like him, he’s a nice guy and
he does have a nice body as well,”* she mentally grinned *“ I wonder if he
likes me as well?”* Lacy thought as she sat working at her desk.

It wasn’t for a few more weeks
that she had the courage to try that again. This time, she looked around and
making sure she was unobserved she let the changes flow through her body quietly
enjoying it. This time there was a difference; instead of a sitting mannequin
she became a blonde haired Barbie wearing a black and white satin gown with a
wrap around her plastic arms. Lacy immediately moved herself from her chair to
the desk facing out. She stood there, smiling, looking beautiful and enjoying
what was for her a coffee break. This time when they came into her cubicle they
didn’t notice her especially. Although one or two did look at the beautiful
Barbie and smiled, knowing that Lacy was a doll collector.

After about twenty or thirty
minutes making sure no one was around she moved her plastic body back to her
chair and changed herself back into her human form. She just sighed and got back
to work, relishing her moments as a doll.

Lacy continued working and
changing herself, given the opportunity. Still none of her friends found out,
even Kim and Jill. Although she wondered how they’d react if she told them.
Especially Jill; the thought of her playing with Lacy’s plastic body still made
Lacy so aroused. Of her current friends she wondered about Jim, he was the one
who had almost found her as a mannequin. She and Jim had gotten together
numerous times and she had thoroughly enjoyed herself. “I wonder just how he’d
respond to my particular talents. We have been getting along so well and I do
like him a lot. I wonder how to broach this to him?” Lacy considered as she sat
at her desk. “I think I will tell him tonight. I hope he can deal with it,
otherwise there’s no point in seeing each other any more,” she admitted to
herself as she got up to leave for the day.

Lacy laughed at one of his corny
jokes as they walked into her apartment that evening. “Now that is bad,” she
said, smiling.

“Yeah I know but I’ve already used
all my best lines on you. If we see any more of each other I’m going to have to
hire a better writer for my material,” he grinned.

“Or work harder on your own!” she
smiled. They both sat down on her couch Jim grabbed her hand and began gazing
into her eyes. “We seem to be getting more and more serious aren’t we?” Lacy
smiled.

“Only because you’re a beautiful,
exciting, woman whom I can’t get off my mind,” he began, caressing her arm.

“So, you’d like to take our
relationship further along?” Lacy asked him with a serious expression, almost
hopeful, even.

Jim grinned broadly. “ Oh yes I do
want that and I’m hoping you do too,” he continued, fondling her.

“So do I, but if so I think we
need to have a serious discussion first. You see, there’s something you should
know about me.” Lacy looked at him smiling in her lips only.

Jim pulled back as he noticed how
the conversation was entering a more serious vein. “Oh; I know, you haven’t
always been a girl right? You used to be a guy, no a rutabaga; maybe a ham
sandwich.?” He noticed her darkening expression “All right, I’ll serious up.
Tell me what it is that makes you so different. Although I can’t see anything
that would change my mind about how I feel about you,” he studied her intently.

Lacy looked at him and continued.
“Well, you’ve noticed my doll collection. I’ve had them since I was a little
girl,” she smiled weakly.

Jim nodded. “Yes, they’re quite
nice,” he smiled in return.

“Well, when I was a little girl, I
used to imagine that I was **with** my dolls. They were all so beautiful, so
I wished I could be just like them,” Lacy related.

“Oh, I’m sure every little girl
does that,” Jim grinned and held her hand. Lacy smiled when he did.

“Yes, but how many find themselves
becoming twelve inches tall and plastic, standing alongside them?!” she grinned.

“Awww, now who needs to serious
up? You’re pulling my leg,” he said, smiling.

Lacy shook her head, “Nope. I’m
completely serious James, and fully prepared to demonstrate the veracity of my
statement,” Lacy smiled.

“How?” an interested James looked
on.

“Like this,” Lacy said; before his
eyes, sitting there, she began changing into a doll. Jim looked on in shock and
surprise as the five foot tall gorgeous Asian girl he was so taken with shrank
and morphed into a twelve inch Barbie doll.

Jim just remained there, staring
at the doll that stood in place of his girlfriend. He grinned and began looking
around. “Okay, ha ha, good one Lacy, you got me. I almost believed you’d changed
yourself into a doll. You can come out now and tell me how you did this trick,”
he announced to the whole living room, only glancing at the doll now and then
somewhat nervously. Jim then began looking all over her apartment for Lacy,
knowing she must be hiding somewhere. After about twenty minutes he gave up
confused and worried and he sat back on the couch next to the doll.

Lacy was grinning to herself, even
though her now plastic face couldn’t register that to the outside world. *“I’m
here Jim, right here, silly. I’m now Lacy Doll, an Asian Barbie!”* Lacy
giggled. As Lacy stood there, watching Jim search, she began to wonder if maybe
he wasn’t quite ready for this. When he sat down next to her after his
frustrated search, she mentally giggled, knowing maybe now he’d be ready to face
the truth.

Jim sat and gazed down at the
Barbie doll with Asian features, shaking his head. He picked it up and looked
closely. Unbelievably it **was** Lacy, at least it looked exactly like her. *“This has to be impossible. I don’t know why but I think I kind of like her
like this,”* he grinned as he thought this to himself. Jim began to rub his
fingers over her smooth plastic legs then smiled and said, *“ I guess I’d be
doing this to you if you were here, Lacy.”* as his fingers were slowly
reaching up under her doll dress.

As she was standing there,
thinking she’d failed, she saw Jim return and sit. To her surprise he picked her
up as she felt his hands on her very sensitive plastic skin she couldn’t help
but moan. *“Mmmmm, I love it when they touch my little polymer form!!”* she
said as the pleasurable feeling came over and over. When Jim began caressing her
with his forefinger the feelings increased even more. *“Oh my goodness, Ohhhh
-- I can’t believe it ! It’s so good!”* Lacy panted in her mind. *“Don’t
stop! I think Jim is enjoying this,”* she mentally grinned as another orgasm
exploded in her plastic head.

Jim was enjoying it, even if he
didn’t really understand why or how. The idea that his beautiful girlfriend was
now a diminutive synthetic facsimile of a woman was incredibly erotic for him.
Her almond shaped eyes seemed to look right at him as he brought his lips down
and kissed her whole tiny face.

Lacy seemed to pass out from the
erotic climaxes that she was completely enveloped in. *“Oh gggg… I can’t
believe this feels so good! Damn, his lips are so big …hope the rest of him is
as well!”* she told herself as she moaned and giggled at the same time.

*“I can’t believe I’m doing
this!”* Jim told himself as he lifted the doll’s dress and began licking her
vagina. He then had his teeth scrape against her plastic body and then lifted
the dress off. Jim smiled when he then began licking her from the top of her
head to her little fused toes. After a few moments with a wide grin and feeling
not a little silly he put the doll of his girlfriend down next to him. “Well I
hope you liked that, honey,” he said, smiling to the now naked doll.

_**“AAAHHHHHH!!!”*** was
all Lacy could think as Jim began licking her. When his teeth scraped over her
it was with a moment of terror and pure erotic bliss. “Shit, is he going to eat
me? Even though, I think I’d taste good.” she told herself and moaned as the
feelings of pleasure rippled over her tiny hard body. When Jim began licking her
whole body, the sexual pleasure came pounding on her mind, numbing her to her
surroundings_**“AAAAAHHHHH!!!”_** Lacy shouted in her thoughts as she
felt like her whole body was living bliss. She decided then to thank Jim
personally so she began to change back._

_As Jim stared at the little doll,
he watched in jaw dropping amazement as it began to grow and shimmer, its
plastic skin changing from the normal doll-like shiny appearance to the more
subdued tones of her normal flesh. In moments she had become a full grown woman
again and began to move in a very purposeful way. In fact, she threw her naked
body over his and smothered him in kisses._

_“I guess you did like it!” he said
between wet hot kisses with a grin._

_Lacy was in a frenzy, rubbing her
body against his, pulling his clothes off. In moments they were in the throes of
passion when without thinking she changed again. This time becoming
mannequin-like as seams began to form and her skin became hard with her body
becoming hollow. Unlike a mannequin though, her crotch didn’t smooth over but
became a plastic/latex version of her normal vagina as Jim continued making love
to her._

_Jim continued to pump in and out
of her as Lacy remained frozen in plastic with a look of eternal pleasure locked
on her hardened face. He looked down and to his surprise found she’d changed
again, but instead of giving him pause, he continued even harder and faster._

_Jim began moaning while Lacy
remained silent plastic, just a sex toy for his pleasure. He continued for at
least fifteen minutes before he shuddered and bucked, coming into her latex
vagina. He lay on her for ten minutes more before moving away and looking at
Lacy._

_***“OHHHHH Yes, Yes !!”_** was all Lacy could think after she had changed. She didn’t quite know
why she had, but it may have been a stray thought she had about being his love
toy; she wasn’t sure. *“I really don’t care how it happened, now that I am he
can use me as long as he wants!”* she thought in the afterglow of lovemaking. *“This is the most intense its ever been for me. I just love it!!”* she
said with a mental smile.

Jim remained staring at her for
the next twenty minutes, rubbing a plastic breast, gazing at the mannequin Lacy
in wonder. Idly running a fingernail down her seams and wondering if she was
going to remain a doll for the whole night, which made him grin.

After the twenty minutes had
elapsed, Lacy restored herself to flesh and motion. She got up, kissing and
hugging Jim. “That was the most wonderful thing I’ve done!” she grinned.

“It was the most surreal and
fantastic for me too!” Jim smiled. “So, how many know of your little secret?” he
asked with a sly grin.

“Actually, you’re the only one
I’ve ever come out and told.” Lacy smiled and rubbed his chest.

“Really, I don’t know what to
say.” his thoughts were in turmoil in his mind.

“I only told you because I felt I
could trust you and because …I love you! I hoped you loved me too, so I wanted
to be completely honest with you,” she looked at him and smiled with hope in her
eyes.

Jim stared at her for a few
moments, his mind swirling with the implications, along with a bit of confusion.
“I don’t know now. I mean, before this I would have said 'yes', but now I’m not
sure. It’s a little confusing. What am I falling in love with. . . a doll or a
mannequin or a woman?” Jim said with a bewildered look on his face.

Lacy’s face fell as she heard
that. “I’m still the same Lacy, honey! I just have some unique talents.” She
tried a half hearted smile as inside she felt close to tears.

“That maybe is so, Lacy, but I
think I need some time to think. I’ll see you later.” He grabbed his things and
left abruptly.

Lacy began weeping after the door
had closed. “I thought he was the one! I thought maybe he’d be able to
understand me but I guess I was wrong! Damn it all anyway!!” She thought to
herself beginning to feel the self recriminations. “I guess it was me, my fault,
for thinking someone could really love the whole me. Maybe I’d be better living
out the rest of my existence as a mannequin or doll!” Lacy told herself; her
self control seeming to slip away as she now felt compelled to stand and pose.
In moments she was a mannequin but this time a mannequin that didn’t even look
anything like herself. She felt herself slip away into plastic anonymity.

It was three days later when
Lacy’s landlady came knocking. “Lacy you here? Are you all right? We haven’t
seen you around for the past few days and we’re worried.” she announced as she
went looking around the apartment for her. As she did she spotted the mannequin
and smiled “Well I see she’s collecting big dolls now.” she giggled.

As the landlady continued looking
around, another person walked in. “I see she’s still collecting dolls,” she
commented when she saw the mannequin and smiled. This stranger looked to the
landlady. “Would it be okay if I wait for a few moments?” she asked with a smile
“At least long enough to leave her a note, please,” she grinned again.

Lacy watched the door open from
inside her immobile form. For the past three days she had literally retreated
into a plastic shell. Distraught over Jim’s reaction to her admission of her
feelings for him, she had decided that being herself was not what she wanted to
be anymore*. “I can’t believe how he seemed to react favorably to seeing me
change but when I say something as simple as 'I love you' he freaks out! At
least this way I don’t have to put up with anyone’s schizoid crap!! All I have
to do is stay plastic and pretty and no one will care,”* she said with a
mental sigh.

*“Well, well someone came at
last to see me?”* Lacy asked rhetorically with more than a little vitriol in
her thoughts. *“Oh it’s the landlady. I bet she’s after the rent or something.
Well too bad for her, mannequins don’t pay rent.”* she laughed
sarcastically.

Then as if to answer the
landlady's question Lacy responded, at least to herself, *“No I’m not in.
Really you’re worried about me now who would worry about me! **Shit!!”*** she responded mentally with her pain knowing she wasn’t angry at her. The
landlady was just caught in the fall out of her own anger and self loathing at
the moment. *“Please just leave, go away or take me and put me away. Yes just
take me apart and store me away for a hundred years or so maybe by then I’ll
feel better.”* Lacy mentally sighed. When she heard her comment on Lacy
collecting big dolls all she could muster in the way of a mental retort was *“Yes you’re right.”* she mentally giggled in a sad way *“In fact I’ve
collected **myself**.”* Lacy then tried to drift off again ignoring the
landlady and her melancholy thoughts.

*“Oh, hell, I don’t believe
it!?”* was all Lacy could think to say to herself when the other woman walked
in behind the landlady “*It’s Jill!! I can’t believe it’s her, after all these
years!”* the sight and memory of Jill seemed to bring Lacy out of her deep
funk. When Jill commented on her collecting dolls all Lacy could do was giggle
to herself and think *“Of course but now they’re life size. Oh I wish Mrs.
Bekinns would leave so we could start our reunion!”* she thought with some
enthusiasm, having already decided to give Jill a surprise of her life.

Mrs. Bekinns looked at Jill as she
formulated an answer to her question. She nodded

“Alright; I’ll leave you here for
15 minutes to write that note. I’ll leave you the keys and I’ll be downstairs so
you can leave them with me when you’re through,” she smiled and left, closing
the door. Jill looked around and again looked at the voluptuous mannequin that
stood in the corner. She walked up to it smiling. “Hello honey, aren’t we a
lovely big doll.” she cooed as she began adjusting the clothing on it, putting
her hands on the mannequin's breasts, slowly rubbing.

Lacy moaned as Jill did this. *“Ohhhhh, Yes we are. Keep rubbing, Jill, that feels soooo good!!”* as she
felt the ecstasy only her plastic form could bring her. *“I should tell her
just how much I love this!”* she imagines and with that thought she
transformed back to her normal form. Jill, in wide eyed surprise, was now
rubbing the soft warm breasts of Lacy instead.

Jill jumped back in surprise when
this happened -- she stared at Lacy. mouth open. “LACY!!?…Is that
you!?…how…why?” she stammered.

Lacy just grinned a silly grin but
then worried she might have to catch Jill if she swooned.

Luckily, all Jill did was shake
her head and rub her eyes, then cautiously approach Lacy with a mix of curiosity
and apprehension. Lacy nodded her head. “Yes, it’s me, Jill and I did so love
how you rubbed my breasts!” she told Jill with a grin.

“But Lacy, how did you manage to
make yourself look and feel so much like a mannequin,” Jill persisted, a little
in shock.

Lacy shook her head. “No I didn’t
just look and feel like one; I **was** a mannequin Jill. Just like that time
in college, when you found me in the hallway,” she grinned at Jill, who stood
there looking incredulous.

“That was you! I am so
embarrassed!! Okay, fess up girl! How can you do this and for how long have you
been doing this, Lacy?!” Jill demanded with an air of insistent authority.

“Well, for quite some time, ever
since I was a little girl in fact. I’ve been doing it for years and I’ve even
been someone’s doll for a few months!” she grins puckishly at her old friend.

Jill just stared at her,
dumbfounded, unsure of what to say but then a big grin appeared on her face. She
began to laugh “Oh geez, that was you back then and I was making love to you and
didn't know. I love it! Oh, Lacy you should have told me then, because I have a
secret myself to tell you,” she said, then paused for dramatic effect

“I didn’t just fondle that
mannequin because it looked like you.” she winked, “ Although that would have
been incentive enough, but I -- for some crazy reason -- really love mannequins!
I think they’re so beautiful and, yes, sometimes I have wished I could be one as
well!” Jill blushed as she finished her catharsis.

It was time for Lacy to be a
little surprised at Jill’s admission. “I can really understand that. There have
been times when I felt like I should just find somewhere and become a mannequin,
never again changing back. Sometimes it’s just easier being one, my whole body
just seems to crave it.” Lacy smiled while patting Jill’s hand.

Jill smiled back and placed her
hand on Lacy’s “So is that why I found you like that and your land lady was
worried after not seeing you for three days?”

Lacy’s expression changed,
darkening. “No that was another reason,” she sighed. “That had more to do with
someone I was seeing but, yes, I did feel like I should just give in to my
desires,” Lacy smiled. “But now that you’re here, I’m feeling much better!” Lacy
was grinning as she told her.

“Oh, I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean
to bring up something painful but if you’d feel better I can lend an ear,” Jill
smiled warmly, squeezing Lacy’s hand.

Lacy grinned and gave Jill a hug
“Oh that’s so nice of you, but I can’t impose..”

“Come on; that’s what friends are
for honey! Spill!” Jill interrupted with a grin.

Lacy smiled and began to tell her
how she and Jim had met. How they seemed to be getting along so well and even
how he seemed to accept her unusual abilities. But when she professed her
affections for him, how he had abruptly left. Jill consoled Lacy while she went
on with her tale. Jill hugged her and agreed he had behaved badly.

“I understand completely; I’ve had
lovers of both genders and I’ve had similar things happen as well. But don’t
worry honey, there’s someone who’d love and accept you for all that you are out
there!” she winked. “In fact, she might be closer than you think,” Jill grinned.

Lacy blushed. “You like me that
much, Jill? she asked Jill in a low voice while rubbing Jill’s shoulder.

“Yes, ever since we met in school.
I couldn’t say then, but I’m saying it now! I do love you!” Jill replied in a
voice caught up with emotion. “I came here to not just meet an old friend but to
tell you that and see if you could love me too. If so, I wanted you with me. I
have this big house and I’d love for you to share it with me,” she caressed
Lacy’s cheek.

Jill seemed to catch a tear in her
eye. “Anyway. I’ll leave you to think about it. Here’s my number, I’d love to
hear from you either way, Lacy. I really have to go now.” She stood up and began
walking out the apartment. Jill paused at the door “Think about it, please!” and
then she walked out, leaving Lacy dumbfounded.

Lacy stood there in a haze of
thoughts about Jill, her life, and future when she realized she had to talk to
her land lady or she’d be trying to explain to the police. Lacy quickly ran
downstairs and explained to the concerned woman that she had needed some time
away. Mrs. Bekinns accepted that but did chastise her about not letting her know
because she worried, which made Lacy grin and apologize then thank her.

After returning to her apartment
and cleaning up herself and her place, she sat down to think about her
situation. *“Should I embark on another romantic entanglement? I really like
Jill, but it’s been so long and I think I’m still getting over Jim. I need to
give myself some time to think about this,”* Lacy determined.

With that decision made, she
placed a call to her place of employment and made an excuse for her absence and
not calling in. Luckily she was a valued employee, so she got off with a warning
but retained her job. That night she just felt like being herself as she went to
bed and feel asleep.

The next few weeks Lacy tried to
get back into that same comfortable rut she had been in before. She went to work
and came home as she did before, meeting friends and co-workers along the way.
She even saw Jim at work but it was always a strained exchange between them as
they carried on company business, Jim unable to look her in the eye.

For Lacy, these meetings were
painful but she learned to get by. The worst was when Jim lingered and seemed to
be reaching for something like an explanation or apology, which in her
frustration and pain she waved away. He never tried again.

Finally, one day Lacy called Jill.
“Hello Jill it’s me Lacy!” she announced into her cell.

“Lacy! It’s so great to hear from
you!” replied a pleasantly surprised and enthusiastic Jill.

“How have you been? Did you give
my idea any thought?” she inquired excitedly.

“Well, yes, as a matter of fact, I
have. I was wondering if you’d mind if we took it slow for a bit.? I’d just like
to drop by, see your place, and we can catch up, alright?” Lacy asked Jill.

“Sure, I’d love to see you. Come
by anytime after 5. I’ll be waiting for you!” Jill replied with undisguised
affection.

“I can’t wait. I’ll be there
tonight! I have to go now, but I’ll be there and why don’t you wear something
sexy!” Lacy giggled.

“Oh, you can bet on that. You
better do the same!” Jill laughed in answer to her request.

“I will! Don’t worry! I’ll see you
later today then, bye!!” Lacy said with a grin on her face.

Later that evening found Lacy
walking up to a very nice looking two story brick home seemingly built many
years ago, maybe the 20 or 30’s she estimated. Lacy was wearing a wet look dress
in black with two deep plunges in front and back with lacing on both plunges. It
was very daring, wheich explained why she had herself wrapped up in a
full-length cloak when she appeared on Jill’s doorstep. Lacy was also happy with
her ankle boots in black that added another 6 inches to her slight frame.

When Lacy knocked she expected to
see Jill dressed nicely, but when the door opened the sight that greeted her
made her jaw drop. Jill was dressed neck to toe in latex. She stood there in a
pair of platform sandals with 7-inch heels, dwarfing Lacy, wearing a black latex
cat suit which seemed to cover her hands and feet. Jill smiled with red lips and
batted her long black lashes, her face framed by her jet black hair which
reached down to her shoulder blades. “Come in, please!” she said in a sexy deep
voice.

“My, don’t you look wonderful,
Lacy!” Jill said while rubbing Lacy’s shoulder. Lacy grinned and slipped off her
wrap. Jill gasped. “Oh my … that _**is*** damn sexy!” she complimented
her while rubbing her hand on Lacy’s hip._

_Lacy smiled and gave Jill a once
over. “Hmm, look at you, all covered in rubber!” she grinned while rubbing her
thigh. “ I love how it holds you so tight!” Lacy hugged Jill, rubbing her chest
against her latex cat suit. “Just like me! Mmm, it feels so good to hug you
too!” Lacy grinned._

_“Oh, you can do that as much as
you like!” Jill urged with a grin. Jill then bent down and kissed Lacy on the
lips with as much passion as she could muster. Lacy returned the kiss in kind.
Jill then led her to the couch in the living room._

_Lacy sat down next to Jill and
looked around. “This is very nice Jill, the décor and this old house. You must
be very successful,” she observed with a smile._

_“Oh, well thank you. I guess you
could say I’m successful, but I also inherited a little something from one of my
aunts,” she grinned. “But yes, I think I’m very successful in my career!” Jill
continued, grinning, holding one of Lacy’s hands._

_“What career is that, if I may
ask?” inquired Lacy, squeezing Jill’s hand._

_“Well you know of my little quirk,
so it seemed natural for me to go into fashion merchandising. I’m the chief
executive in charge of visual marketing down at the Emporium Caswell chain of
stores,” she announced proudly._

_“You are? I’ve shopped there! I
love that place and their gorgeous displays. Of course the prices are sometimes
out of my league, but I love just being there! Lacy gushed. “Hey, you can put me
in one of your windows!” she giggled and stood, posing._

_Jill smiled. “I will Lacy, it
would bring me nothing but pleasure to see you there -- but first, let's catch
up and let me show you around,” she told Lacy._

_“Yes, you’re right. There’s time
for that later.” Lacy said as she sat back down “So, tell me what have you been
up to?” she asked Jill._

_So Jill began to tell Lacy all
about her life up to this point. Some of her first jobs right out of school,
working as a visual merchandiser, waiting for the right position to open up for
her. Her brief stint as a model and living mannequin. Her trips overseas on
company business and her own vacations. Some of her memorable lovers and some
that she preferred to forget. The death of her aunt and the unexpected windfall
and her current dream job._

_When she had finished, Lacy had
given Jill the rundown on her life as well, telling her of her adventures when
she had used her abilities in school and afterwards. Telling her of her
paramours and the sometimes heartbreak. Lacy’s travels as well here and there.
Afterwards, they both sat on the couch looking at each other and smiling when
Lacy broke the moment of silence._

_“Model, huh?” she grinned “Living
Mannequin, too,” she giggled. “I bet you loved it!” Lacy said with a huge smile._

_Jill sighed. “Yes, I sort of wish
I could have made a career of it but I thought this would be a better line of
work for me and still keep near the things I liked,” she smiled. “I have kept it
up with some like-minded friends though,” she grinned._

_“Oh, and how do you do that? What
like minded friends?” Lacy asked, puzzled._

_“Well, I thought I was just
strange, with my predilection towards mannequins and to a lesser extent dolls,
sex dolls, robots, and statues. But as I went on I found other women and men who
also had this small affliction. With some of the other women I found similar
desires in bondage and mummification along with latex,” she ran a hand down her
rubber clad body and smiled. “To make a long story short, let me show
you.”_

_Jill grabbed Lacy’s hand and led
her upstairs to a door which when she opened Lacy just had to gasp in surprise.
The room was filled with mannequins. Lacy looked at Jill, who smiled and spoke.
“Yes they’re mine! My collection of dolls, so to speak,” Jill
giggled._

_Lacy began examining Jill’s
collection, marveling at it. “Oh, I think I’ve been this one and this one too,”
she grinned at Jill. As she looked over she found one that didn’t quite look
like the others. It seemed to have an extra something she couldn’t explain.
“Jill what about these? I’ve never seen anything like these before,” she asked
as she looked at Jill._

_Jill grinned and giggled. “Those,
my dear little doll, are not like your normal mannequins because there’s a
person inside. Lacy, meet Stephanie. She’s one of those friends of mine!” Jill
patted the mannequin._

_“You mean you and your friends can
change yourselves into mannequins?!” Lacy asked bewildered and amazed._

_“Well not to the degree you can,
but yes!” Jill admitted. She went to a nearby mannequin and seemed to use her
fingernails to locate some latches which she then opened, exposing the interior
of the display form. “See, the girl steps inside and then we close it up and,
voila, she’s a mannequin…sort of,” she grinned._

_Lacy looked inside, seeing the
small holes where the woman could breathe and the small pieces of colored
plastic where the eyes where allowing her to look out. “What about food, water,
and having to use the bathroom?” she asked with an eyebrow raised._

_“Well, usually it’s for shorter
durations than that but if necessary we feed a tube to carry water and a liquid
nutrient along with a catheter to get rid of wastes. We’ve even tried some drugs
derived from curare and hypnosis to extend our time as mannequins,” Jill
grinned. “I’ve been inside myself for a week once. I loved it, but boy was I
sore after. We’ve had some success with having the girls wear specialized lycra
suits with built in bladders that massage the muscles also making sure we have
as tight a fit as possible to support the girl inside. Stephanie here has been
my mannequin for about a day and she has another one to go, don’t you honey.”
Jill she kissed the mannequin's plastic cheek and smoothed out her hair._

_“So how many do you have here,
right now?” Lacy asked with a smile._

_“Only Stephanie right now, but
I’ve had as many as six girls here and two in the sex toy room plus another two
in the doll box then three more in the statue part of the house,” Jill recounted
with a grin._

_“Sex toys? Doll box? Statues?”
Lacy looked quizzically at Jill._

_Jill giggled throatily. “Let me
show you,” she said as she strolled over to a clothes rack in the corner.
Instead of holding dresses it seemed to have a number of latex cat suits but in
a tan color. In addition they had hoods which, as Lacy got closer, turned out to
be faces like on a love doll._

_“So does this work like on the
mannequins? You just step into the suit?” Lacy asked with a grin._

_“Essentially, but some girls
prefer to have a little hypnotic or chemical assistance to help keep them in a
doll like state. You’re right though, you just step into it and it closes up and
actually hugs your body, conforming to you,” Jill answered smiling “Want to try
it on?”_

_“Me? Well… why not.” Lacy smiled.
“I mean I’ve been every other kind of doll,” she laughed. Lacy grabbed one of
the suits. “So how about this one?” grinning as she asked Jill._

_“Let’s see…ah yes that will do
nicely!” Jill responded._

_In moments Lacy had stripped off
her dress and boots 'till she was standing nude before Jill, who looked on
appreciatively. Lacy grinned and winked at Jill while she began slipping the
latex suit on her very attractive body. As it slid on her, it hugged her in ways
Jill could only wish she did. In moments she was fully clothed in the suit,
modeling it for Jill._

_“Hmmm, you’re looking really sexy
in that, Lacy!” Jill complimented as she walked up to Lacy and grabbed her
waist._

_For Lacy the feel of the latex was
as nice or better than some of the latex clothing she wore at home. She loved
the way it held her and how it made her feel so sexy. As she looked at herself
the suit seemed to hug her even closer becoming skin tight as if it was her
skin. She began to see how wearing this they’d feel like love dolls. It was
making her feel like one as she saw her face with the rounded lips ready to
accept something long and hard into the soft latex her doll mouth was lined
with. “Now, I wonder if I should have been trying this one as well when I was
all those dolls before,” she remarked with a giggle to Jill who could only grin
and nod in reply. Jill was too turned on at the moment to speak intelligibly
anyway._

_Lacy just looked at herself in the
nearby mirror finding she was really getting into this. She stared at her sex
doll image as the suit also seemed to grow taut on her as it conformed to her,
making her feel more doll like. A small moan escaped her latex lips and then she
giggled. Lacy then began to feel a familiar feeling as she began to imagine
herself as a real inflatable love doll. Lacy just seemed to relax as she’d done
before. Lacy was changing, but this time instead of a small fashion doll or
mannequin she did indeed become a love doll._“I want to be loved and give
love. I want to give pleasure forever. That’s all I want!”* was all Lacy
could think of as she changed feeling it throughout her soul reveling in the
transformation and her new form.

Jill watched as Lacy modeled in
front of the mirror smiling as she seemed to become accustomed to the suit and
looking like a sex toy. Then as Lacy froze and became immobile Jill grinned. *“She’s really getting into this! I guess it comes naturally for her.”* she
thought, giggling. As Lacy remained frozen and then began to fall backwards Jill
began to worry *“Perhaps she’s taking it too far!”* as she stepped forward
to catch her friend.

“Oh shit!” was all Jill could say
as she caught Lacy's body for now she was as light as a real love doll.

Jill quickly undid the latex suit
and as she pulled it down she found Lacy’s normally lovely brunette hair was now
strands of brown colored nylon like a wig you’d find on one of the inflatable
dolls. As she then exposed the rest of her naked body she found Lacy indeed was
just a hollow inflated latex skin and not the same girl who had put the suit on.

Jill laughed as she found this. *“Lacy really got into this! Wow!!”* she thought and began feeling up the
new doll.

Lacy felt like she was on a cloud,
just floating, every inch of her body now as sensitive as when she was a little
doll or mannequin if not more so. Being a sex toy was similar to the forms she’d
been before but more than that it seemed to be erotic in a way that didn’t
compare to the other two. As Jill undressed her and examined her Lacy felt
herself orgasm over and over. Her new form craved it and she did too all the way
to her deepest being. *“Oh
touch me, love me Jill please!”* was all Lacy could think.

As Lacy lay there and Jill looked
her over, Jill began to wonder when she’d change back. After about half an hour
she began to speak to the doll. “Lacy, honey, when are you going to change
back?” she smiled.

*“Change back? Why should I …oh
damn! I can’t believe how addictive this is. I think it might just be too much
for me!”* Lacy thought as she lay in Jill’s arms. *“But I should see the
rest of the house before I give myself over to this.”* she mentally sighed as
she changed back to flesh and blood before Jill’s eyes.

Lacy smiled at Jill and stirred.
“I’m back, Jill. Sorry, but it was kind of intoxicating, I’m afraid,” she
grinned at Jill.

“I guess so!” Jill grinned. “I
never imagined it would have that effect on you!” she added with the same wide
grin on her face.

“I never imagined that either.
I’ve never been able to do that but as I wore the suit the more I began to feel
and see myself as a love doll until I just sort of relaxed and let myself go --
then in an instant I **was** that doll!” She shook her head “It comes as
quite a shock to me. But also…it was so very seductive! I had thought there was
nothing as good as being a mannequin or doll but I’m beginning to think the sex
toy form might be even stronger in that respect.” Lacy grinned as she explained.

“I wonder if having you try on one
of the statue costumes would do the same?” she giggled as she speculated. “I
know just where I’d keep you if it did!” she teased.

Lacy grinned “ I was going to ask
you about that. I was betting if I moved in I’d be spending all my time in here
as your mannequin, wouldn’t I?” she smiled seductively as she asked Jill.

Jill just smiled and stood up,
bringing Lacy up as well, then grabbing her around her waist. Jill then wrapped
her arms around her naked flesh. “Yes or on my nightstand by my bed. I’d want
you to be my doll, Lacy. My precious special doll that I love!” Jill then kissed
her deeply, squeezing her ass as she did.

Lacy responded to Jill, kissing
her back with all the passion she could muster. She felt moist and hot in her
nether regions. Jill began fingering Lacy as they remained in their lovers
tryst.

Lacy moaned as Jill played with
her. Jill then fell to her knees and began licking Lacy’s crotch. As she did
Lacy’s moans became longer and more emphatic. Soon Lacy was rubbing her nipples
and pressing Jill’s head to her pussy writhing in pleasure. “MMM Yesss!! Ohhhh
baby I love that!!” Lacy moaned. It wasn’t long before she came and Jill lapped
up her free flowing juices.

Lacy was panting as Jill finished.
She grinned as she crouched down and hugged Jill, then gave her a wet passionate
kiss. “That was wonderful, Jill! I loved it! I hope that we do that a lot when I
become your doll!” she giggled and hugged Jill.

“Oh, I can guarantee it!” Jill
beamed as she stood up and pulled Lacy up as well. “Let me show you the rest,”
she said with an infectious smile.

Jill led Lacy into a neighboring
room, as they walked in she saw a row of what appeared to be life-sized doll
boxes against the wall. Lacy smiled at Jill. “Got one with my name one it?” she
laughed.

“Hmm, I thought you needed one a
little smaller?” she commented rhetorically to Lacy who, by way of an answer,
stuck out her tongue.

“So where are the dolls or I
guess, the suits?” she asked Jill with a smile.

“Here!” she pointed out a nearby
closet.

Lacy looked inside and found rows
of what appeared to be suits similar to the mannequin ones she’d seen. Upon
closer inspection she began to see the differences between these and the
mannequin ones. The seams were placed differently and they were styled to appear
as Barbie or Bratz dolls along with a number of other fashion dolls she
recognized. In one corner she even ran across plush dolls somewhat like a
raggedy Ann doll.

“Life size Barbie’s!” she grinned.
“I like it a lot!!” Lacy commented giddily. “You know I wonder if…?” With that
she seemed to pose in a manner similar to the other dolls. In moments she was
the likeness of one of the Bratz dolls, specifically a Jade doll.

Jill grinned and approached her
transformed lover. “I should call you Jade now, shouldn’t I?” she teased Lacy.
As she examined Lacy’s artificial form she discovered she was in all ways just
like one of the smaller dolls except for one thing. “Wait a minute…hey look at
what you did! You’re just not a doll. You’re like one of the suits here!” Jill
gazed at her in amazement. Jill then proceeded to unlatch Lacy and just like one
of the doll suits she opened up revealing a space just large enough for a slim
woman to fit into.

“I can’t believe you were able to
do that! I wonder if you can do that with the other suits as well?” Jill smiled
thinking of what it might be like to be inside of Lacy, wearing her. It began to
excite Jill just thinking of it, making her wet.

Lacy was surprised as well she had
been thinking of just becoming a life sized doll but then the she began thinking
of how those doll suits were and she thought she wondered what it would be like. *“Next thing I know I’ve become one?! I guess there’s still so much about my
abilities I just don’t know of!”* she thought in surprise. *“Ohhhhh!! She’s
opening me up. Uhhhh… Ohhhh gee this is sooooo gooood!!!”* she thought to
herself as Jill examined and opened her up. *“Oh how weird is this!”* Lacy
mentally giggled *“I’m wondering how she’d feel if she wore me. Jill wearing
me! Damn that’s a sexy idea. I could become like that latex love doll suit and
be so tight around her! Mmmm!!”* Lacy moaned as she thought.

As if reading her mind. “I could
slip into her and just feel what its like!” Jill thought to herself as her hands
began exploring Lacy’s interior.

_**“OHHHHHH…GEEEZZZ…YESSSS!!!!”*** as Lacy came over and over while Jill’s hands were touching her inside
her hollow plastic body. Jill grinned and then slipped off her boots and stepped
into Lacy_**. “OOOOOOOOOHHHHH…UHHH…AAAAHHH!!!! I can’t believe
it’s….SSSSSOOOOOO….GOOD!!”*** Lacy orgasmed over and over. As Jill squirmed
into Lacy’s hollow plastic body again Lacy orgasmed constantly. Jill began to
move in Lacy’s form sending more sensations of erotic pleasure to overwhelm her
lovers mind. Jill was careful though not to close the back as there was no one
to let her out if she was totally enclosed as much as she wanted to be.

*“Shit I’m so wet!”* Jill
thought *“I’m inside Lacy who’s a hollow doll suit!”* Jill softly moaned. *“I think I’m going to cum if I keep thinking about this.”* she told
herself . Jill walked to a nearby mirror and posed. *“I look even more like a
doll than the ones we have.”* she admitted to herself. *“I love it,”* she said with a grin.

*“Oh damn this feels so
incredibly good ! Wait …oh yes she’s going to walk in me!* She announced with
a mix of surprise and glee. _**“AAAAAHHHHHH… uh… uh …uh ..OHHHHH …YES…YES!!!”*** Lacy shouted to herself as she orgasmed with every movement and step
Jill took . A thought then occurred to her. Something so fantastic she wasn’t
sure if it would work but she so wanted to try._

_She began to stretch her awareness
out into the part of her that was hinged away from the rest of her. To her
amazement it worked._“It’s working , I can’t believe it but I seem to be
doing it!”* she giggled in her now plastic mind. Before Jill even noticed the
door closed and latched locking her inside Lacy.

“Oh shit, the damn thing closed
locking me inside her! Shit! Shit!” Jill began to try to move her plastic
enclosed arms to open the back of the suit open but she just didn’t have the
flexibility.

*“Jill, it’s me Lacy. Can you
hear me?”* she asked her concerned friend.

“Yes, Lacy I can. How are you
doing this?” she whispered back.

“I really don’t know honey. I just
wanted it to happen and it did. Oh don’t worry about the latch, I closed myself
up and I think I can open it when I want, okay! I just wanted to try something.
Jill, have you ever wanted to see what it’s really like to be a doll?” Lacy
asked her enclosed friend with a slight lilt in her voice.

“Well… yes actually, but what does
that have to do with…you’re not thinking what I think you are?” Jill asked
incredulously.

“Yes I am! I think it’ll work
honey. You’ll love this!” with that Lacy relaxed and changed. Lacy began to
shrink and as she did Jill began to change as well becoming a part of Lacy.

As Lacy transformed Jill found
herself changing merging into Lacy’s plastic body. The seams and hinges
disappeared as Lacy became a hollow plastic figure, with Jill being absorbed and
turned into a part of her plastic body.

*“Ohhhhhhh …I can’t believe
this. I’ve become a doll just like Lacy!”* Jill thought to herself as she
orgamsed and changed. Jill excited and somewhat fearful just tried her best to
wrap her mind around her new form and perspective. As she did she heard a
familiar voice.

*“Actually we’re both dolls now,
honey!”* Lacy giggled in Jill’s mind.

*“Lacy, is that you? You’ve made
me a doll too?! I mean I feel like this is now my body. I feel so tiny. This is
unbelievable! Yet I can still feel you there in my mind. Ahhhhhh!!!”* Jill
moaned as she orgasmed again.

*“Yes it’s me Jill we’re sharing
this form. We’re now both a Jade Bratz doll. If you wanted to we could spend
years and years like this. Just enjoying our new body and each other!”* Lacy
sighed.

*“I don’t think I’d mind Lacy.
If we did we should make sure we end up on a store shelf.!”* Jill laughed as
she thought of her and Lacy spending time on a shelf just one doll in a whole
store of dolls. Jill could feel Lacy’s contentment and Lacy could feel Jill’s
wonder and joy as they shared their existence.

They spent a few more hours
wrapped in each others consciousness reveling in their artificial body. Soon
though Jill spoke to Lacy *“I think we should see if you can reverse this
otherwise we may end up virtually joined at the hip forever! Which may not be
that bad of an idea!”* she giggled as she said that.

*“Alright but I think we should
try this again. Can you imagine it if I become a love doll suit for you! You’ll
actually be one if you wear me!”* Lacy giggled *“Maybe you could have one
of your friends sell us so we could be used by someone.”* she told Jill with
a mental grin.

*“That’s another great idea …you
know why don’t you try that now? Change yourself into a love doll,”* Jill
invited Lacy.

*“Are you sure you know it may
be a little addictive you know. You might now want to come back!”* she
thought to Jill, who giggled.

*“I guess then we’d have to
enjoy the rest of our time getting screwed all the time! Doesn’t sound that
bad,”* she laughed in her thoughts to her friend.

*“Okay you’re the boss Jill.”* she giggled and with that thought Lacy began to concentrate. Jill and Lacy
began to feel the change happen. Their little Bratz doll body began to change
growing larger and changing from plastic to soft latex rubber. They both felt
their body inflate and grow. Both of them moaning as they orgasmed feeling each
others pleasure as if it was their own. For Jill who had never experienced
anything like this before it was a mind boggling experience. For Lacy who had it
was like returning to an old comfortable chair. They felt their breasts enlarge
to a size larger than either one of them would have sported. The conjoined girls
felt their mouth open and change into a soft latex orifice as their vagina
reappeared after disappearing when they became a doll. Soon after it showed up
it opened up and changed into another latex orifice as did her anus. Jill was
already thinking of someone coming at her from behind.

Lacy was again beginning to think
of herself as a love doll. *“Oh I can’t wait for someone to find us and make
love to us!”* the thought of someone playing with her inflated tits and
filling up her pussy and ass made her cum even more. Jill could feel that as
well and found her thoughts were also filled with the thoughts of being a sex
toy and giving pleasure as well as receiving it in her now sensitive form. As
Lacy began to cum so did Jill the two of them, finding themselves driven to
heights of orgasmic pleasure neither had ever felt before.

*“I’m a doll now, just an object
for someone to fuck! Oh shit I love this!”* Jill thought enthusiastically. *“Lacy, honey can you hear me?”* she called out to her friend in her mind.

*“Umm…aahh…Jill? I just feel
like we should be touched and loved by someone now. I feel empty without
that…Jill is that you?”* she answered in a confused swirl of
thoughts.

Jill not quite as quickly losing
herself in their new form answered. *“Yes, Lacy, it’s me honey. This is
fantastic! I love what you’ve changed us into! Could we try something I’ve
always fantasized about?”* she asked Lacy with an air of anticipation in her
thoughts.

Lacy becoming a little clearer as
Jill talked to her *“What do you have in mind?”* she asked with a mental
grin.

*“Can you deflate us then change
again this time into a latex cat suit. Try for black if you can. I think we’d
look really sexy like that.”* she giggled.

Lacy mentally grinned *“We make
a sexy doll too you know. I bet we’d be sold in no time for as much as any high
quality doll besides we have vibrating orifices,”* she giggled as she began
to make their shared mouth, pussy, and anus vibrate like an expensive sex dolls.

Jill moaned in pleasure at that *“Ohhhhh…mmmmmm that feels so good. Just wish we had someone to use us!”* she sighed in her mind.

*“I couldn’t agree more, honey!”* Lacy added *“ But until then lets try your idea.”* With that both girls
began to feel the air leaking out of their opened valve. As it did it stimulated
their latex body to no end. Both again became lost in an unending orgasm that
left them lost in their own world of pleasure for some moments.

It wasn’t for another fifteen
minutes after they had been fully deflated that Lacy felt her mind clear enough
to concentrate on the next part of the transformation. She began to concentrate
her thoughts on being a black, shiny, slick latex cat suit. Lacy imagined how
they’d look on some model as they hugged her body with their rubber body. Again
as she’d done so many times before she just let herself flow relaxing into that
form.

Jill felt her new doll form begin
to change as she seemed to feel it flow like liquid and again this time orgasm
as she had before. Soon Jill and Lacy’s shared form changed color and the arms
melted into sleeves with the legs becoming legs for someone to slip into as
their head disappeared into the collar around the neck of the cat suit they
became.

It was minutes later that they
both found enough of their wits to comprehend their new form. For Jill it was
another mind blowing experience that she found somewhat bewildering to
understand. *“I’m just a piece of latex clothing now! I should be on some
attractive woman’s body or folded up in her drawer,”* she began to cum as she
told herself this beginning to feel more and more like an item of fetish wear.

Lacy just orgasmed as they
changed, enjoying this transformation as much as the others. Now she could
become clothing and she was sure this opened the possibility of her becoming
just about anything. She too began to feel the seductive appeal of her new form
sharing those thoughts with Jill and like her she too began to orgasm as she
felt those thoughts. *“We’re just something sexy to wear now! I can’t believe
it! I love this new form! We should be worn on one of Jill’s friends and if
we’re lucky she’ll be screwed by someone who’ll just cum all over our perfect
rubber body!!”* she giggled to herself.

They both remained a living rubber
cat suit for what seemed like hours, reveling in it and the thoughts of being an
object. Soon, Jill’s mind stirred *“Lacy I think it’s time hun. Change us
back,”* she asked regretfully.

*“Change us back? But why? Isn’t
this our natural form? It feels like it is. I feel like I’ve always been a sexy
cat suit not anything else. Wait…uh … okay I remember now. Damn! I just wanted
to be that way forever,*” she gave a mental sigh. *“Okay, here we go.”* with that they began to go from a flat black rubber object to a slowly
inflating pink colored object as she began to reform their shared doll like
body.

Moments later a latex love doll
that was the image of Lacy lay on the floor but this time it began to stir*.
“Oh man I can’t believe it! I’m back inside of Lacy and I can move!”* Jill
flexed her fingers that now looked like a love dolls. Jill stood up and walked
over to a mirror and saw how she looked like a Lacy love doll. “You look good
enough to fuck honey!” she rubbed the suits rubber tits loving how it felt and
knowing it felt really good for Lacy.

“Oh yes we do, Jill!” Lacy said in
a whisper to Jill inside the suit. Jill then began to reach around to feel the
zipper or clasp in the back and just found smooth Latex instead.

“Lacy, is there anyway for me to
take you off? I can’t find a zipper or anything like that,” she informed her
inanimate lover.

With a giggle she answered. “ I’m
the only one who can release you honey, hold on.” the suit that encompassed Jill
split down the back and opened.

Jill then began to stretch and
pull the clingy latex suit off her body and its rubber clad exterior. The two
making a loud squeaking sound and making Lacy orgasm over and over as she was
handled like that.

*“OHHHHHHHHH…I’m going to have
her do that again…MMMMMM!!!”* she thought to herself as she lay limp in
Jill’s hands, cumming herself into insensibility. Lacy sighed mentally again and
just remained unmoving in Jill’s arms. “I could spend the rest of my life like
this,” she admitted to herself feeling so very relaxed.

Jill grinned. “ Come on lazy
bones…or should I say boneless!” she gave Lacy a gentle shake. As Jill did Lacy
began to inflate her skin changing to her normal olive skin tones as she became
flesh and blood from latex and paint. Jill ended up holding her by her shoulders
as Lacy moaned in ecstasy from the transformation.

Lacy grinned then kissed Jill
passionately. “Hello there! Did you miss the real me?” Lacy laughed. Jill
returned her kiss with the same ardor, squeezing Lacy’s thigh as she
did.

“Hmmm, I don’t know; I kind of
like you as **all** those things,” she grinned, teasing Lacy.

“Well, lucky for you it’s the
weekend isn’t it?” Lacy smirked.

“Yes it is fortunate! As fortunate
as my meeting you in the first place.” Jill smiled whilst running her finger
around Lacy’s areoles.

Lacy softly moaned her eyes closed
as her lips pursed sexily. “Mmmmm!! I hope you’re going to do that all night
long!” she said with a beautiful smile.

“I’ll let you know,” Jill said to
her while grabbing her hand and pulling her along to a bedroom door. As it
closed all you could hear were the giggles and moans as the two of them enjoyed
each other's company.

**End??**
