---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/storiesofboundfriends81.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'The Stories of Bound Friends 8: Andrea and the Uncertain Future 2'
authors:
- JessBaby
tags:
- F+/f+
- Machine/f+
- D/s
- cabin
- cages
- cuffs
- bond
- collar
- enslave
- ponygirl
- cart
- schoolgirl
- costume
- bdsm
- spank
- tease
- torment
- punish
- blackmail
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2015-01-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Stories of Bound Friends 2.1: Andrea and the FetFair**](storiesofboundfriends21.html))

story continued from [part eight - (part one)](storiesofboundfriends8.html)

**Part 8: Andrea and the Uncertain Future - Part 2**

Andrea’s hand shook as she reached the door. She needed to dig herself out of this hole she dug for herself, but she hated herself for wanting to. These people were awful and didn’t deserve her respect. She took a deep breath, tried to steal her nerves, and reached out for the doorknob.

Far from the den of hedonism they had just seen though, the room seemed.. calm. Paul and Carl sat on the couches talking happily about something. A few of the slaves were sitting up against the far wall, also talking casually. Megan was over by the fireplace where this group had brought in a small piano, where she talked something over with the twins. As Andrea made her way to Paul she tried to pass close to Megan to hear what was happening.

“Yeah, that one, 522, I know that one.. though I’m a bit out of practice, I don’t know how fast you two go” she said as they all stood around a tablet looking at what seemed to be sheet music. “Well that’s one of the many reasons the bedrooms are soundproofed, we can always do a trial run before you show off. So we’ll do this one after 356, that and you said you wanted a vocal part too right? That’ll be enough,” the twin sitting at the piano responded. The twins started gathering the tablets, stands and intsruments before pushed their way past Andrea to one of the bedrooms. Megan followed behind with only a brief acknowledgement as she glided past Andrea.

Andrea went around the couch and knelt between the two men. She kept her gaze downturned but could tell they were watching as the began to stop talking. “I’m sorry that I bit you sir,” Andrea said in a humble quiet tone. “I panicked, but I will work hard to make sure it doesn’t happen again.”

She waited for a response, but it seemed like they were waiting to see if she was done. “Well you certainly have a better attitude,” Paul eventually said. “That’s good, it shows you can learn from your mistakes.”

Andrea tried not to find too much joy in that praise, both to keep her focused but also because she really didn’t want to find joy in a complement like that.

“Climb up here,” Paul said as he slapped the small section of couch between him and Carl. Andrea climbed up there, becoming instantly squished between the two men. Carl reached out and began grabbing hold of her breasts that were still very tender from earlier that day. But this touch felt good, he was at least somewhat gentle. When Andrea let slip a small moan he cracked a smile.

Paul reached down and spread Andrea’s legs over each of their legs, exposing her pussy to easy access from either man. He beckoned for one of the slaves to come over, “Could you do something about these?” He said as he grabbed Andreas two hands and with little resistance lifted them up and over her head. The slave took them and folded them back behind Andrea’s head and over the back of the couch. She in turn called for Crystal to go get something to secure Andrea’s hands there, far out of the way. Crystal returned with rope that she fastened between Andrea’s two wrist cuffs and the centre leg of the couch.

Once her hands were tied behind her, Andrea suddenly felt much more spread than when they were just being held. Carl moved from her breasts down to her pussy. The touch felt good and she couldn’t help but let out another sound exposing how it felt. When she got yet another coy smile though, she decided it was perhaps wise to embellish. As Carl’s fingers began to enter her she began to moan more deliberately and rock against his fingers. If he wanted a wanton slut that’s what she would be.

It was however much easier to act like she enjoyed it once it actually started feeling good. Carl was ramming in and out with three fingers while rubbing her clit with his thumb. She tried moving her hands to stop it when she started to feel like it was getting too strong, but they were securely held behind her. Somehow that simple tug sent shivers through her spine. She didn’t like the bigger picture of what these men planned to do with her; but being tied while spread and helplessly stimulated was still a big turn on for her. She had to pretend less and less as the sensations became harder and harder to ignore.

“Do you think you actually deserve to cum slave?” Carl whispered in her ear. She thought fast and responded with, “Only if that’s what my Master wants.”

“I know you’re just putting up an act, but I’m definitely liking this attitude of yours a bit more.” Paul  said as he gave each of Andrea’s sensitive breasts a slap.”I say we let her stew for a bit till she really means it, she should be ready to go by dessert don’t you think?”

“Yeah, probably a good call,” Carl said as he withdrew his hand. Andrea let out a disappointed grunt, unsure if it was more genuine or acting at this point. Carl waved over a slave, “get this one strung up and find her NESIC remote and turn it the hell up.”

Before the slave had even walked around to free Andrea’s hands, Andrea felt her chip spring to life and couldn’t help but wince at the sudden powerful sensations. “Oh right, you’re all hooked into the house through that phone program aren’t you? Still haven’t bothered upgrading to the phone for my slaves, they’re disciplined enough they can keep track of their own remotes and I know they aren’t going to use them. Isn’t that right baby?” He said as he looked back at the raven haired slave untying Andrea’s writs from the couch.

“I could never cum without my master's permission, my body belongs to my master,” she said with, what to Andrea, seemed like a surprising level of sincerity. She led Andrea by the rope binding her wrists to a wooden post on a base. She stood on a small step stool to feed Andrea’s wrist line through a ring at the very top of the pole. She tightened it, pulling Andrea flush with the pole and stretching her arms high above her. She retrieved a few more ropes and further secured Andrea standing against the pole, leaving her ungagged and with a clear view of the whole living room.

As Andrea struggled in her bindings, it suddenly became very apparent that she was, in spite of herself, getting quite turned on. She had just been stimulated, she enjoyed the tightness of her bindings, and then there was the damn chip that had a large part to play as well. It sent out wave after wave of arousal, telling her brain how much she liked this all, a trick to be sure but it felt nonetheless real.

She tried to think herself out of it, thinking of the painful punishment or the prospect of being one of these men’s property. Unfortunately her chip was coloring everything she tried to think about, trying to find the erotic angle in all of it. She didn’t want her mind being tricked into looking forward to being a slave, so she just tried not to think about it. Instead she decided just to watch and wait, trying to guess what they planned next or why it involved turning those couches around.

\*\*\*\*

Lea was out of breath by the time Bonnie finally relented amid a desperate sea of pleading. She turned off the vibrator and moved in closer to see just how drenched Lea had become. She called out for a glass of water and after taking a sip herself offered Lea the rest of the glass which she greedily took.

“Did I not try to tell you? How many was that?” She asked as she set the empty glass on the bedside table which Marcus quickly and silently moved away.

“I’ll never.. doubt… I don’t know.. wow.. lost count.. long ago.” Lea stammered out as coherently as she could manage. “How.. long?”

“8 minutes, 27 seconds ma’am,” Marcus said looking down at a cell phone timer.

“Told you that you couldn’t last 10 minutes before you had at least five orgasms and beg for it to stop. And there’s no getting away from that plug in rabbit when I tie you down and tie it in.” Bonnie boasted as she took her time running her hands all over Lea’s bound form.

Lea didn’t even bother offering a token struggle, she was too exhausted and too well tied. A rope around her hips ran down to the foot of the bed. A rope around the each knee ran up the centre of the headboard, while a rope around each ankle ran down to each corner at the foot of the bed. Her arms were tied in front of her, wrists together, resting between her breasts like she were praying. A harness around her torso kept her arms pinned while the ends of the rope that made up the harness branched off to attach to either side of the headboard. She could move her fingers this time, though there was no knot on her person at all, everything was tied off at some part of the bedframe. The vibrator was held in place using a crotch rope that ran across her crotch several times, wrapping around the vibrator at strategic places, and finally joining ropes tied to the footboard. There was no escape, no hiding, and yet she felt she could lay there for hours if it were just the ropes.

Which was important to her now as she wasn’t sure in that moment she could ever move again. Bonnie had turned up Lea’s chip to accentuate it, but the vibrator was essentially the motors from several magic wands repackaged as a single toy. It had a long shaft deep in the pussy, a large nub that sat atop a narrow stem to go in the ass, and a series of nubs that rested on top the clit. The whole thing was quite large, with a long stem extending beyond where it made contact to more than double its size. She wasn’t sure if it was the cruelest torture device ever created or the greatest reward ever imagined. Maybe it was both.

“You know, when my slaves are really good, I tie them like this, leave them there all day and give them the control. When they are really bad I do the same, but I make sure the control is set to high and I place it within sight but just out of reach. You didn’t last 9 minutes, try to imagine 90,” Bonnie said as she began to untie the crotch rope.

Lea couldn’t imagine. She actually tried but it was either too hard to imagine or her brain was still just a bit too broken. “So am I already one of your slaves?” Lea asked, still a little out of breath.

Bonnie smiled as she continued to untie. Once the device was out she crawled up and over top of Lea to meet her gaze. “Not unless you’re having second thoughts about the whole thing.. or want to be with one of those men out there.”

Lea shook her head emphatically no. She looked up at the woman hovering above her and strangely couldn’t look away. She held a captivating, if subtle smile across her face. Lea began to notice just how covered her nose and cheeks were with light brown freckles. Her brown hair was pushed effortlessly to one side eclipsing the ceiling light from one side. Her light brown eyes seemed to dart around like they were trying to read something written on Lea’s face.

The moment was interrupted, as so many are, by a knock at the door. Bonnie sat up and turned to look. Marcus quickly opened the bedroom door where Crystal stood and began speaking softly to Marcus. “Speak up girl, you’ve already interrupted my attention,” Bonnie cried out.

“My apologies Mistress, but I’m to tell you dessert will be in five minutes.” Crystal said, louder this time so that Bonnie could hear too. She bowed slightly, apologized, and walked away with Marcus closing the door behind her.

“Ah, well we better get you free from this bed,” Bonnie said as she began untying all the ropes attached to Lea’s legs. “You better still be able to walk. If you have to skip dessert because you bit off more than you can chew when you talked back to me I’ll.. well I don’t know what right now.. but so help me I’ll have the whole time to think up something really nasty to do to you.”

“No, no that wouldn’t be necessary, I think I can make it Mistress,” Lea said as she simply sat back waiting to be untied.

“You better,” Bonnie said with a tone somewhere between contempt and playful banter. She untied Lea’s feet and released Lea’s harness from the headboard but left the harness intact. With a quick rope collar tied around her neck, Bonnie began to tug Lea off the bed and out of the room.

\*\*\*\*

When Sophia was first called down she worried what fresh hell awaited, hopefully nothing more that involved running. Her legs were stiff and sore, they wobbled down the stairs. Which made it all the more surprising when she was directed to the sauna where Said was waiting with towels laid out along the wooden bench. To her surprise, or maybe relief, her ankle cuffs came unlocked before she lay down. With oils and a firm but gentle touch he began massaging her legs. It alternated between mildly painful and massively relieving like any good massage. But in her head she was sure the payoff would be mostly for tomorrow. Track had finished in late May, just over two months ago, and her legs weren't used to being pushed like they just were. Hell, even when she was training she wasn’t sure she pushed much past 13 miles in one go, and if she did it would have at least been in sensible shoes.

She hesitated at first when he handed her two unmarked pills he said were aspirin, but she figured if they wanted her drugged they would probably find a way. She laid back down as he massaged a little bit more, getting closer to her most sensitive areas than a massage would normally go, but this wasn’t a normal massage.

She was laying face down so it took her by surprise when she felt him doing something to her hair, but he was only putting her curly hair into two bunches he then began to braid. She tried to imagine what this massive muscular man must look like braiding a girl’s hair, which was enough to give her a chuckle. He even finished by tying little bows at the ends of her braids, a very manly job indeed.

“Master Travis requests that you put these on and meet him in the guest room immediately on the other side of this wall,” he bellowed in a deep but kind voice. He pointed to what looked like a small cloth grocery bag before leaving altogether. Sophia sat up and was surprised to say the least. Inside was a copy of her school’s uniform, though it seemed new and had no names written on the tags like almost everyone including her would do to tell them apart. Grey knee high socks, Grey pleated skirt, white button up short sleeve shirt and burgundy sweatervest. It even included a pair of cheap canvas shoes, a pair of white cotton panties and a matching bra. It was hot to wear it all in the sauna but it was just as strange to Sophia to be wearing much at all, she hadn’t been fully dressed once since returning from making up excuses to her parents to be here undisturbed. It was still a little off from what she would normally wear of course, she never exactly wore her hair like this and she certainly never wore wrist cuffs or a collar with her uniform, but it almost felt normal for a precious few seconds.

She entered the bedroom where she saw Travis sitting dressed and on the bed waiting for her. “Come, sit down, we have things to talk about,” he said as he slapped his leg, obviously expecting Sophia to go sit on his lap. His tone was off putting, Sophia had come to expect sex and debauchery from this group. This change of pace seemed out of nowhere, and it put her off balance. When she sat down she could feel his coarse hands begin to grab her outer arm, embracing her in almost a half hug.

“Now I heard my little girl did a good thing today and a bad thing as well,” he said as he placed his other hand on her thigh. Sophia was beginning to feel uncomfortable. This man looked about as old as her actual father so calling her “his little girl” was not outside the realm of literary possibilities. “First, I heard you went for quite the run,” he continued as he slid his hand up under her skirt and began to massage her clit. It might have felt good but a combination of self discipline and the strangeness of the scenario kept her from audibly acknowledging it. His hand continued to explore, sliding her panties to one side and making direct contact with his rough fingers. Sophia bit down, not wanting to give this man the satisfaction of hearing her enjoy any of this.

“But I also heard,” he began before removing his hand from her skirt and quickly flipping her over. As her ass slid off his leg he bent her over his other leg before moving his first leg a bit closer to pin her to where she was. “I heard you tried to leave without asking permission. That’s a very bad girl,” he said as he flipped over Sophia’s skirt, revealing her panty clad ass. He slid those down as well before raising his hand up and spanking her ass.

While she had been decent and stifling the sounds of pleasure, she attempted no such control over the sounds created by the pain. He spanked her again, and again, she expected him to stop at any moment but he just kept going. She had never been spanked as a child, and Lea almost always used an instrument like a cane or flogger to deliver blows, she had no idea an open palm could hurt so much.

“So do you think you’ve learned your lesson?” he asked as she sat her back up on her now very sore ass.

“Yes Master,” she said, which caused him to bend her back over his knee and spank her five more times.

“I’m not your master when I have you like this, call me daddy,” he said, looking deadly seriously into her eyes.

“Yes… daddy,” she said sheepishly. She really wasn’t sure she liked any of this. She hadn't even called her own dad “daddy” since he remarried when she was nine. No, she could handle some humiliation, she even liked some of it, this seemed different. Whatever was going on though, Sophia knew she didn’t have a choice so it would be better to just follow orders and roll with it.

He stood up and threw Sophia onto the middle of the bed, he was surprisingly strong for his age. He then reached up and connected one at a time Sophia’s wrists to the retractable cables built into the bed frame. “So now that I’ve given you your punishment for being bad, would you like your treat for being a good little girl?”

Sophia didn’t want to answer but despite herself she ended up nodding her head simply to not be seen as being defiant which could get her more pain.

“I want to hear you ask for it now, and I want to hear you begging for me to continue, is that understood?” He said as he began to center himself between Sophia’s legs, removing her panties altogether.

“Please can you give me a reward daddy.” She said, without as much grimace this time.

“And why should I do that again little one?” He asked rhetorically, trying to pry a particular response.

“Because I’ve been good daddy. I ran 13 miles today, you said that was something good I did today.” Sophia began to rattle off.

“And why should I care, who are you that makes that so special?” he asked trying to be more direct.

“Because I’m your little girl, daddy.” Sophia said, only swallowing how strange that sounded to her ears after she said it. He seemed to get the response he was looking for as he bent forward and buried his head in Sophia’s skirt. She couldn’t see but she certainly felt when his tongue made contact. It was slow and deliberative, not something he felt needed to be rushed. “Don’t forget to keep begging,” he added as he took a brief break.

“Mmm, yeah daddy, please don’t stop. Oh that feels so good daddy,” She said softly, continuing to beg periodically in that vain. She was starting to feel the effects of his tongue, he knew what he was doing down there. She began to pull on her bindings and even began to breath a little heavier, but never forgetting to continue to beg periodically. “That’s right daddy, reward your little girl. She’s been so good daddy.” She was getting quite warm under her sweater vest, it was not the most appropriate attire for this.

After what felt like a lifetime she finally came, shaking and screaming out. He emerged from under her skirt and walked over to grab something from the drawers. He returned with what looked like a small inflatable buttplug.

“Daddy’s got one last present for you,” he said as he knelt back down between her legs. Sophia felt the plug rubbed around her wet pussy before using that lubrication to slip easily into her ass. It was a little longer than the plugs that were part of the suit but about as thin. That was until it began to inflate. It got larger and larger, though thankfully the stem stayed narrow around her sphincter. By the time it had inflated beyond where Sophia thought plugs inflate, she watched him return back into sight holding the tube and pump that had come detached from the plug. “This clicks and unclicks from the plug special, only this one works for that one plug,” he explained as he walked back to the drawer to return the pump. “So that is staying inside you now for a while, and every time you feel it I want you to think of your daddy.”

She didn’t like the sound of that. Not only was it staying in for however long “a while” is, but now that he put that thought in her head she wasn’t sure she’d ever be able to not think of him when she felt it jostling around. She didn’t think there were any new kinds of indignities left, clearly she was very wrong.

There was a knock on the door, Crystal had come to tell Travis that dessert will be in 5 minutes. He thanked her and began unlocking Sophia. “Hmm, I think… armbinder. That’s the way to go,” he said as he went looking for and found a leather lace up armbinder. Sophia decided not to offer any resistance as her “daddy” got her arms restrained and put a leash on her before leading his “little girl,” who was actually an inch and a half taller than him even in flats, out to the living room.

\*\*\*\*

Andrea couldn’t tell what all was happening, but it was surely something. Something to focus on, to try to take her mind off the chip humming away or from the thoughts of long term outlooks. She liked whatever it was already.

The couches were turned around to face towards the dining room and piano while six small tables were moved in front of the couches. Everyone seemed to be returning from wherever they had been with whoever they were there with. One by one the masters came in, each with a slave following behind on a short leash. Lea was following Bonnie with what looked like half a mile of rope around her, Sophia was dressed in their school’s uniform following Travis, while everyone else came with one of their own slaves. Megan was not there.

Tom was the last to arrive, but as he came in he seemed to make a decision to discard his slave and walk deliberately towards Andrea. “Are you feeling more like cooperating?” he asked as he ran his hand across Andrea’s cheek. “No more biting?”

Andrea vigorously shook her head. “No sir, I’ve learned my lesson, I’ll be good.”

Tom smiled  and walked back towards the couch, whispering something to one of the slaves on his way. Andrea instantly felt her chip turn off, giving her relief finally. The slave that came over was the same raven haired slave that had tied her to begin with, she worked in reverse order untying Andrea’s wrists from the post last. With one of the now unused ropes, she tied a short leash to her collar. The rope coming from her wrist tie was fed through the collar and pulled until her hands were held high. The remaining rope was fed between her legs, parting to either side of her pussy, up the small of her back before it was wrapped once around Andrea’s torso and upper arms, insuring that with her elbows bent the ropes would not slip down.

By this point it seemed clear that the group was simply waiting on Andrea. The talking had stopped and some looked over to watch the progress. Andrea was led by the leash to right in front of Tom, where a foam mat was already waiting to cushion her knees. Once she was in place she saw Said and Marcus sliding the tables over top of each of the slaves that overhung onto the couch. As they worked, another slave tied or locked each girl’s collar to the roof of the table at the far forward extreme.

Andrea heard someone’s very loud zipper undo before inches in front of her Tom opened his pants as well.

“Welcome,” came the soft spoken voice of the scrawny male slave. “For those few new here tonight, my name is Danielle. I belong to Mistress Bonnie and tonight I have prepared seven servings of a dark chocolate souffle with a sweet cherry and rum reduction. Slaves are to pleasure their master while they eat and while the entertainment plays. If any of you bring your master to orgasm before the music stops playing you will be horribly punished. Once the music stops however, the first one to elicit an orgasm will be rewarded with the seventh serving of dessert while the others will receive minor punishments depending on how much longer you take.”

The conundrum was easy to see, keep them too close to orgasm and you might finish prematurely, too far from orgasm and you wouldn’t be able to win. And as much as some fancy dessert sounded, the use of the modifier word “horribly” was terrifying. Seeing what they’ve done, what could be something they considered horrific? Andrea didn’t want to find out.

The sound of activity was everywhere but Andrea wasn’t able to easily look around to investigate. She could see to her sides that some of the other slaves started as soon as they heard the sound of a plate set  on the table above them. There were many pairs of footsteps behind her, but once she heard the clink of something being set on the table above her she decided she should mimic those beside her and start sucking. She went quickly at first but slowed down soon, mindful to not go so fast that she might be distracting or lose balance and shake the table interrupting his meal.

Behind her, the twins and Megan had returned, naked except for their cuffs, collar and a small chain leash hanging from their collar. One of the twins sat down at the piano while the other two drew violins and waited for their cue to start playing. The room filled with life as they began to play, actively dashing through a cacophony of notes. The melody started fast but began to slow, where the violins began trading off parts, playfully complementing and racing each other across the piece. Only the very rare odd missed note could be heard as Megan worked to keep up with the other two thirds of this naked trio.

Andrea couldn’t help but try to picture what this must look like to someone watching. She never stopped, but her mind would frequently wander. She wanted to focus on her task but found herself being swept up in the pure bizarreness. The dancing notes of Vivaldi, played by naked slaves, punctuating the bobbing heads of  bound kneeling slaves in competition, all while their owners (or soon to be owners) enjoy a fancy dessert prepared by yet another slave. It was so distracting, Andrea didn’t even notice at first when the music stopped.

When Andrea heard an unusually loud groan coming from the man beside her she looked over to see a blond bringing Sota to climax. She started to worry about what kind of horror would be inflicted on the poor girl for finishing early, only to realize she had missed when exactly the music stopped. She panicked because she realized she wasn't close to finishing. She began stroking up and down as fast as she could and could feel it working, but she also could hear the sound of another man cumming.

She already knew she couldn’t win, so all she could do was hurry and try to avoid punishment. In her desperation she remembered how fast they seemed to cum when they were deep in her throat. With a very deep breath she forced him down her throat until her nose touched. She continued to mover her tongue around, but that was all she could add.

She could hear him make sounds as she stayed down causing her throat to start to gag. Her body began to scream for her to stop, but as she heard another person finish she forced herself to stay the course. Just as he lungs began to burn she heard Tom give out another moan and began to fill her throat with cum.

Andrea made sure to swallow before gasping for air.  The last thing she wanted was to cover her lungs with bits of cum by accident. She looked over and saw she was the last to finish, she dreaded what that might mean.

\*\*\*\*

"We have a winner, congratulations Kelly on being the first to finish. Your dessert awaits," Danielle said as some of the unbound slave began taking plates and untying the girls from the tables. The blond slave that had so willingly taken Paul’s cock earlier stood up and waited to be untied before sitting at the dining table.

"And how about a hand for Megan, it's not easy to keep up with these two but you seemed to do it effortlessly," Tom said as Andrea was just being untied from between his legs. A small smattering of applause followed causing Megan to take a small bow. "Now I heard you can sing too, got anything to show us there?"

Andrea was lead around the couch to where Crystal stood.  She was speaking softly into a phone so as not to distract the conversation going on behind her. Andrea felt her collar and cuffs come loose and get removed by the slave that led her there. She was still bound but  for the first time in a long time she wore no steel at all.

She could see however this was to be temporary.  Crystal held in her hand a collar that looked to be made of the same cast iron material that made up the collars of the other slaves. Unlike what everyone else wore however, it was larger in every way. It was about three inches tall and at least a half inch thick or more. Crystal locked it closed with a  large allen key, which Andrea assumed correctly was custom for this collar. Andrea felt how heavy it was the moment Crystal let go. If its edges wasn't rounded, she felt like it could cut into her shoulders by weight alone.

Marcus then brought out a thick chain that looked like it should be anchoring a ship. Each link was nearly four inches long and made of the same thick cast iron as the collar. Crystal got out the kind of lock that seemed to be from a different century and locked one end of the chain to Andrea’s collar. She got Marcus to follow and used another old looking lock to secure the other end of the chain to a metal bar that was built into the center of the fireplace. Only then did her ropes come off leaving her naked beyond the heavy iron collar.

Marcus set the chain down gently to not make a sound. Despite its size, Andrea guessed it could not be more 10 to 12 feet long. Between the heavy weight of the chain and her collar, she decided first to sit down, and then lay down once it became clear sitting still let a lot of heavy chain pull on her.

Only once she had settled to the floor did she notice that the music had begun again. One of the twins played piano while Megan walked forward to stand by a tablet on a stand and waited for her cue to sing. She really did have a great voice, Andrea began to think fretfully about how much she took that for granted.

When Andrea heard the melody she was instantly transported back in time, to last year when she first heard Megan practice this song. It was weeks, weeks of hearing her friend drill those foreign words into her head after being picked by the choir director to perform it. Andrea still didn’t know what almost any of words meant besides “hail Maria,” but she sure enjoyed hearing them.

Andrea ran her fingers along her heavy chains and wept. A sign of everything that was to come, all while Megan was reminding her of last year when everything was so much more simple, more innocent, more full of promise. The song and the collar were to Andrea her past and future on naked display. When Megan finished there was more applause and more announcements, but Andrea had stopped listening.

"On your feet," Crystal called out after slapping Andrea to get her attention. "Line up at the end to take your punishment."

Behind her, Andrea saw four of the other slaves who had participated in the "dessert" standing in a row holding their hands against on the back of their heads with Sophia and Lea at the end Andrea was being directed to. There were people standing behind each of them, each holding a flogger.

At the sound of a beep there was a sudden cacophony of sound as all five girls began to get flogged at once. Very shortly after it started there was another beep and a third soon after. Andrea could hear that two less people were being hit, presumably stopping after each beep. After some time there were two more beeps leaving Andrea as the last to still be hit just as she was the last to keep sucking.

"Turn around," Paul said once the final beep had gone off ending the assault on Andrea. "Lindsey, take Danielle and Lea and head out with Bonnie," he said as the short asian girl at the end of the line went to collect the other two and follow Bonnie into the parlor. "Cumslut, go to the bathroom, Tom wants a bathslave in a bit and he prefers you chain yourself now and prepare a bath in anticipation," he continued to order, causing the slave with dyed white hair to quickly walk to the bathroom. "Sophia, go to the first bedroom, Travis wants you a little more. And you Andrea, we’ll be back for you after a bit more time with your chip on high gets you nice and ready. Hannah’s going to watch to make sure you don’t touch yourself while we’re gone."

With that he and almost everyone else just left, all the unassigned slaves went up to the attic. Andrea was alone as her chip turned back up to the high it had been while she was tied to the post. She held her hands at her sides, fighting the overwhelming urge to reach between her legs and giver herself the smallest bit of stimulation required to send her over the edge. She watched the occasional person walk by but always with a purpose. Someone going to fetch a drink, or a slave running out to the truck to grab a pile of somethings. They usually came from upstairs, did their job and then returned upstairs. After a particularly long lull she laid down only to get startled when she saw Puppet still hanging high above head level.

"How do you do it?"Andrea asked after debating in silence with herself if asking that was a smart plan. "How can you keep this all up? I'm not even a day in with them and I am barely limping by."

"The first few days are hard, but it gets easier. Then it's hard again about two, three weeks when the scale of just how long you're going to be doing this for sinks in. But how bad that second round is, and how long it lasts, that depends on you. Find some way to enjoy yourself and just try to make them happy.  If they're happy with you they are a lot more lenient." Puppet said softly after looking around as best she could to make sure they were alone.

That wasn't what Andrea wanted to hear. She didn’t want to try to make herself enjoy it. She knew deep in the back of her mind that it was probably good advice, she just wanted the warmth and comfort of denial. She was able to wrap herself in it when she closed her eyes. She didn’t want to ever have to leave.

“Oh, what are my two ladies talking about?” Paul said as he came walking in from the hallway. “Now you haven’t been touching yourself have you?”

“No sir,” Andrea replied meekly.

“Has it been long enough that you’d do anything to get some relief?”

“Yes sir,” Andrea replied as she sat up to her knees.

“Well here are the rules. Tonight you’ve picked the short straw and so you’re going to be the public slave. Everyone gets to use you, and when they start walking towards you I want you to start begging for them to do so. You can start with me,” Paul said as he unzipped his pants and started walking towards Andrea

“Please sir, please use me,” Andrea said, trying her best to hold back how demoralizing it was to have to beg for it.

“Oh come on now, like you mean it. And be specific.”

“Please fuck me sir, please fuck this slave,” Andrea tried again, somehow finding a little more sincerity to her words.

“Better,” he said as he pushed Andrea down onto all fours and lifted her ass in the air. With no further warning he pushed his dick deep into her. She hated her chip for it, but after so much teasing his dick felt great, if a little overwhelming. After very little time she was cascading into an orgasm that had been building all evening. He did not even slow down as her pussy lips tightened around him. He simply continued unphased and without turning Andrea’s chip down at all, causing her arousal to build up faster than usual and approach yet another orgasm without any sign that Paul would soon follow.

\*\*\*\*

“Yes, that’s not bad,” Bonnie said as she inspected the two bound slaves. “You aren’t very fast, and not all that creative, but you do tie acceptably well.”

“Thank you Mistress,” Lea said standing back with her head lowered.

“Now understand, I don’t have any female slaves that are mine year round. And with the way I often move around you may go long periods with only other male slaves. So your chances to dominate another woman are going to be limited because, and I think it warrants repeating, you will never get to use me that way.”

“I understand Mistress,” Lea said with the clear sounds of disappointment.

“So what about Danielle over there, that sissy is practically a girl. Would that be acceptable?”

“If that’s what my Mistress wants,”

“Oh come on now, don’t do that” Bonnie said walking over to Lea and forcing her to raise her head up to look her in the eye. “I’m trying to find something you’d enjoy as a reward here. I don’t like discipline to be all beatings when you disobey, I like to have something positive you want to strive for. Don’t just shut down and give me the answers you think a Mistress wants to hear, I want to hear your real opinion.”

“I mean, it’s better than tying up one of your goliaths over there, but I don’t know. Sure dressing up in girly clothes and all the feminine features help, but at the end of the day... I don’t know. I guess.”

Bonnie seemed a little frustrated and sat back down. “In my experience, when a slave has an urge to occasionally switch, there’s got to be a way to let them get it out or it just spells trouble down the road. Maybe you can use Danielle occasionally and we just get you a real girl for the weekend every couple months when you’ve been really really good, how does that sound? And give me your not-bullshit, not-brownnose answer this time.”

“Honestly? I don’t know. That could maybe be enough, but it’s nice to think you care.”

“Well I want to make sure my cute little investment is happy, and that she doesn’t get this pent up need to tie up a women when I’m usually the only other woman in the house. Wouldn’t want you getting any ideas,” Bonnie said, laying back with a bit of a chuckle. A chuckle Lea didn’t feel was very appropriate. “Oh don’t pout, come here,” she said as she beckoned Lea over with her finger.

Lea laid down beside Bonnie, resting her head on Bonnie’s outstretched left arm. Bonnie began running her left hand up and down Lea’s arm in a comforting way. “I know, staring down a life change this big must be overwhelming as it’s getting closer. Probably got a bunch of doubts and regrets swirling around don’t you?” Bonnie asked in a hushed tone. Lea simply nodded her head. “But you can see I’m trying here to make it work right? I mean that is one advantage you got over your friends is you don’t have to wonder who you’re going to be leaving with. You got a two day head start on them.”

“Two days?” Lea screeched. Having a date suddenly brought on a bit of panic. She already had very little hope left about escaping successfully, but if they only had two days then the window was closing fast.

“Yeah, two days, that’s what we all agreed to when we… well ok technically I guess it’s three. We have today, we have all day tomorrow and then the next day is when we decide who gets who. It’s over three days but it’s  basically 48 hours so I’ve been thinking of this whole plan as two days. They’ll each bid on you amongst themselves, pooling the money to cover expenses and splitting the rest equally among all six of us so those who don’t leave with someone new at least leave with something. But I made sure they know you’re not up for debate, so you and I can just skip over all that.”

Lea flipped over and wrapped an arm around Bonnie. She started to squeeze tight as tears began to slowly form. She didn’t know why she was looking for comfort from one of the six people responsible for putting her in this position, but an embrace felt good no matter who it was she was embracing. It left Bonnie a little confused as to what to do next so she simply lay there and rubbed her hand reassuringly up and down Lea’s back for as long as Lea kept hold.

“What makes me so special?” Lea mumbled  into Bonnie’s chest. “Why am I so above debate?”

“Do you want the men to be considering you? I thought you’d prefer it this way.”

“But I mean, all your slaves are men, aren’t you.. straight?”

“Eh, mostly, and certainly when you’re talking vanilla relationships. But women are so soft and so much more flexible; as long as they’re submitting they can be a lot of fun. I guess just consider it as my desire to dominate is so strong it knows no gender. Not to mention you have some actual skills with the computer which I think makes you more valuable than you realize. When I get slaves I don’t just get them for the bedroom. Marcus and Said act as my security and personal assistants as I travel, which I do a lot. Danielle over there is a CPA, he works for me and sometimes for some of them out there. I think with a bit more training you could be a very valuable person to have, and that prospect makes me happy. I’m sure you’ll find that if you make me happy that your life can be very good too. That’s why I want to find something you like, I want something to be able to reward you with when you’re good,” Bonnie said, as she started stroking Lea’s hair while continuing to hold her with her other arm.

“And if I kept not making you happy?”

“Why are you trying so hard to stay negative? Besides do you realize what your other options are here? Right now Megan’s getting her turn on the treadmill, Sophia’s getting manhandled by a man twice her age, with a man even older than that wanting her as well, and then Andrea’s going to spend the night chained in the living room being fucked by whoever passes by and wants to. Now what’ll it be, you going to keep insisting on this foul mood and try your luck with all of us? Or appreciate what I’m offering?”

Lea didn’t want to appreciate anything about this, but as she hugged Bonnie she found it hard to argue with “it could be a lot worse.” That didn’t make her feel good, but it at least made her feel a little less bad.

“Tell you what, we still got Lindsey for the night. Why don’t you untie her and start over, but this time I give you free reign for anything you want for the rest of the night. Flogger, strapon, nipple clamps, whatever you want to do to her. I’ll sit back and watch and get Danielle there to worship my pussy. He always loves making me happy while his worthless tiny cock strains against its chastity tube held in place by all those piercings. Isn’t that right?”

Danielle didn’t say anything, just eagerly nodded yes.

Lea didn’t want to look excited but she was a little. She had been the slave for over a month now to Hannah, and it had been just over three months since she had been a dom to anyone. She didn’t want to make it look like she was endorsing what was happening to her, but her desire to let loose won out in the end.

“And Lea, Lindsey’s really flexible and quite a bit of a painslut isn’t that right?” Bonnie said eliciting a very excited “yes Mistress.” from the asian girl. “I want to see what you can do so don’t you dare hold anything back. Don’t you dare be gentile.”

For the first time since the vans pulled up, Lea smiled. Thinking of all the possibilities as she ran her hands along the nubile, soon to be prey.

\*\*\*\*

Andrea awoke the next morning early as the sun came blaring in from the large windows of the open living room. She did not sleep well or long, and the sun comes up at very uncivilized hours in the summer. She was still sticky from being used repeatedly last night, with patches of dried cum still easily felt on her thighs and breasts. But the house seemed quiet. She might have been sore and might have needed to badly use the bathroom, but that all seemed preferable to waking anyone to start the next day of this waking nightmare. After all, if Hannah had taught her anything it was how to zone out when trapped with nothing to do or see.

“Good morning,” came the effeminate voice of Danielle as he entered from the hallway. “Are you in any way a decent cook?” He asked as he walked closer.

“Not even a little,” Andrea said very truthfully. She honestly felt she was the kind of person who might just mess up boiling water in a kettle. With that response she was left alone to watch him set to work in the kitchen wearing only an apron. She could see eggs, she could smell bacon, and just hoped that even a little of that could be hers.

The house very slowly awoke, people came at staggered times but there was always a plate of food and something to drink waiting for them. Once all six of the masters had shown up, only then did slaves start arriving. Some were naked, some had marks from ropes or whips, some wore cloths, but Andrea’s friends seemed to be some of the last to show up. Megan looked sore, her legs were very wobbly as she came over with two plates and sat down next to her friend.

Lea arrived shortly after, she almost looked happy, it was strange to see. She had never been giddy, and the whole time they were under the yoke of Hannah she never seemed to forgive herself for long enough to look that happy. It was a welcome sight but it was strange, though not as strange as Sophia that came shortly after. Her legs shook almost as bad as Megan’s, but they were clad in knee high rainbow socks. She still had her hair in braids, she wore a pink spaghetti strap top at least two sizes too small with white panties with a cartoon cat on the front. Sophia was about the least “girly” of the four of them, she never wore pink or braided her hair or wore anything with a cartoon anything, but there she was. The two grabbed an identical plate of eggs and bacon and sat down with Andrea and Megan.

Lea filled them in on the schedule of things she had heard from Bonnie. About the bidding process, that the rest of today was about testing value, and that come tomorrow they would all split up. Lea couldn’t bring herself to finish explaining that last part, though she explained enough that everyone knew what she meant. No one finished that thought, they just decided to move on. It was the first time the four of them had been alone for long since this whole circus arrived and they weren’t about to waste any of that time with awkward silence.

They started talking about who they thought might want them, and if any of those options just seemed impossible to stand. Sophia had shared that she’d had about as much “daddy time” as she could stand, but would take that over being a pony. She thought perhaps Carl could be the key, he bid on her once maybe he’d do it again. Megan said she apparently did terribly at the treadmill, it was no more than a moderate walking speed and she couldn’t find balance or endure for more than a few miles. Tom however seemed interested for her musical abilities, so that might not be terrible. Lea shared how Bonnie had kind of “called dibs” and that it was all but in stone.

When the conversation got around to Andrea she didn’t know what to say. She didn’t want to admit it, but it seemed she might not have very good prospects. She looked up at where Puppet had been the night before and shivered. She didn’t want them to have to create a use for her because she was sure these people could create something she probably wouldn't like. The prospect made her sick to her core, but she was going to have to prove to someone she could make a good slave as she was. Her friends didn’t want to agree out loud but they all thought it. As breakfast broke up, they were called to different rooms. They each hugged each other deeply, making sure not to miss what might be one of their last chances.

\*\*\*\*

Andrea attacked the day with dedicated purpose. She started with Travis and took everything Sophia had mentioned and turned it up to eleven. She was his little girl, she giggled with bubblegum laughter, she twirled her finger around her pigtailed hair, she called him daddy and took her spankings with enthusiasm. She couldn’t read his face enough to know if any of it made a difference but she put in a few solid hours of effort to try. When she was handed off to Paul she made sure not to do what she did last time. No matter how much she hated it, no matter how much it hurt, she took his cock until he wanted to stop and not a moment sooner.

Lunch came and went, reuniting the girls but only for about the time it took to eat. They had all been sent upstairs to eat and were one by one called away, leaving Andrea alone with her thoughts again. She did not like being left alone with her thoughts, she hated herself for wanting to impress these people, hated herself for seemingly failing to do so and terrified of what might become of her if she couldn’t.

 Tom and Carl seemed to have little interest, no matter how earnest she tried to be. Both of them were done with her rather quickly, sending her back up to one of the cells to wait until someone else wanted her. Her mind kept going back to the sight of Puppet suspended and forgotten. She didn’t want to be that.

When Crystal came upstairs to retrieve her she was almost relieved. She was led to the back and it was clear that it was her turn to try being the pony. It was late afternoon, still rather hot, but Andrea was determined to not let that stop her. Crystal locked her in handcuffs that hung from one of the pillars in the shed, Sota was not there and this was apparently how she would have to wait for him. She tried to remember what little she knew about ponygirls, it had been something that struck her interest a bit but Lea never had much interest so she never had a chance to pursue it. She recognized the sulky cart thing laying in the back of the storage area, and she knew some of what was in the storage area, but the door was closed so she could see none of it. Her eyes were noticeably fixated on the sulky as Sota walked over.

“And what are you thinking about when you look at that?” he asked, startling Andrea who had not heard him come up.

“Maybe.. curiosity sir,” Andrea said, picking her words carefully to stay somewhere between the truth and what she felt he wanted to hear. “I’ve never tried anything like that, but I’ve thought about it.”

“Really? Well lets see if you still feel that way once you’re properly dressed,” He said as he went to the storage room to retrieve things. He came back with a web of leather that he silently began to put on her. It attached around a tall posture collar, forming a harness around her whole upper body. It started loose, but he slowly tightened, strap by strap, until it was almost but not quite digging into her skin. A quarter cup gave her breasts some support, while still leaving the nipple and most of the breast completely exposed. A wide strap about nine inches tall ran around her waist, it was much firmer than the rest of the leather and had much less give. It looked like a waist cincher, but at least at the moment did not seem to be cinching her waist more than an inch or two thinner than her waist naturally was. Below it, two straps ran between her legs, accentuating her exposed pussy and separating her round ass cheeks. He slid in a small anal plug just behind the straps, letting its wire hook into the cincher.

He then moved on to shoes, they were similar to what Sophia had worn with an arched heel and a platform foot. The boots laced up to just below the knee, hugging her leg softly before a wide strap tightened around the top concealing the laces and ensuring it stays up. Andrea gained a good 9 inches as she stepped down on the first one, though she almost fell over while trying to balance on only one foot while the other boot was put on. Sota reflexively jumped to catch her before she ended up putting too much weight on the handcuffs that weren't meant for that. He leaned her against the post while he finished lacing the second boot.

“So, would you like to try that?” he asked, gesturing with his head back at the sulkey while also attaching Andrea’s head harness. “Speak now.”

“I think it would be more fun than a treadmill,” Andrea diplomatically answered, not knowing if she actually meant it.

“Well if you impress me,” he said as he opened Andrea’s mouth. “Perhaps I will take you out in it.” Andrea kept her mouth open and didn’t resist as she felt a bit move its way in. It was made of hard plastic, but seemed a bit different than the one Sophia had worn. This one was not just a bar, it had a two small plates that lay flat on Andrea’s tongue. She could move them around a little with her tongue. She already had blinders on which did not let her look to confirm but she was pretty sure they moved independently and were connected to the bars beside her mouth that attached to the reigns. She also noticed that as they moved, they moved inside the tube not rubbing against her teeth at all, so she could never stop it no matter how hard she bit down. Sota tied the reins to a ring on the post before uncuffing Andrea’s hands.

Andrea made sure to be as compliant as she could as Sota began attaching a rigid bar to either arm just above the elbow. The bar itself attached to straps on the outfit, keeping it locked against her back. Andrea complied as he moved her arms up to meet the bar, wrapping a wide strap around her arms keeping them pinned behind her parallel with the ground. He retrieved one final sheath that slipped over her folded arms and laced tight creating a single piece of leather stretching from upper bicep to upper bicep completely encasing her arms. Andrea started pulling around in her bindings and realized somewhat delightfully just how unable to move she was. Sota seemed content to let the girl continue to struggle, she seemed to be enjoying it and he liked watching her. There was no chance she could get out, they both knew it, which made the struggle purely about the sensation of restraint.

“Alright, that’s enough,” he said as the struggling seemed to subside. He grabbed Andrea’s reins and led her over to the treadmill. He attached two chains from the ceiling to corresponding straps at each shoulder, one with a wire that seemed to plug in to power the anal plug. “Now, I’ll start slow, but I want to see you lifting your leg with each step is that understood?” Andrea nodded what little her collar allowed.

The treadmill jolted to life and Andrea spent every ounce of her concentration on her movements. Sota watched closely and held a crop in his hand, occasionally tapping at a leg he wanted to go higher. But somehow, to Andrea’s surprise, she was doing it. It was a slow speed, but she was managing to keep her balance in the very foreign footwear. After it seemed clear that she was managing, Sota began to relax, watching more from a distance and being less attentive with the crop.

Andrea didn’t know how long she was at it, but she was very thirsty by the time heard someone come out to tell Sota it was time for dinner. Andrea tried to turn her head to see who it was and for the first time fell, causing her to yelp as the plug inside her sent out a powerful zap.

“Oh, almost a perfect run,” Sota said as he walked passed Andrea. He was saying something quietly to the slave before returning his attention to Andrea. “So since you seem to be enjoying this so much, I’m going to let you continue through dinner,” he said walking back into view with a short chain in hand. To Andrea’s surprise he turned off the treadmill, she was sure that was what he was hinting at. Her legs were tired and the rest was welcomed, regardless of what caused it. Andrea could barely move her head and only see in front of her, so the particular patch of trees she continued to stare at had grown rather familiar. “Come on pony,” Sota said as he took her reins and started leading her off the treadmill. She almost tripped when she noticed she had been hobbled, she had easily less than a foot of movement, but as she slowed down she felt the two plates on her tongue press down hard, causing her enough discomfort to try and hurry up.

He led her into one of the stalls opposite where she had just been. It was somewhat spacious but was also rather empty. Soon after they were both inside, one of the slaves returned with what looked like a large padded blanket. which she set in the far corner. On the blanket was a large bag of something, she picked it up and walked over to a trough attached to the middle wall. It was divided in two, one with a small hose hanging above it. She reached up on her toes to turn the water on, clearly something that could only be done with hands. While the water filled up she pored what looked like dry kibble into the other side. She turned the water back off and quickly left.

“Well it looks like we both have dinner to get to,” Sota said as he removed Andrea’s bit but nothing else. He hung it from a nail on the post beside the door. Andrea slowly tried to follow as he left, but by the time she reached the door he had already shut it and slid the latch closed. Andrea could just about see it, there wasn’t a lock but without her arms the point was mute. She watched from a distance as he walked back into the house where others were already gathering around the dinner table being served plates of something. She didn’t know what it was but she was sure she’d rather have it than what she had before her.

Andrea was very thirsty and the water was cool and refreshing. The bending was awkward in the boots and without her hands but she managed. She was quite hungry as well but she couldn’t make herself rush into that as quickly. Growing up, Lea used to have a dog, and what that dog used to eat seemed to be basically the same as what she needed to make herself eat. It had the same vaguely fishy smell, it was dry and crunchy like stale crackers, and was an unappetizing brown color. Once she started, she tried to finish quickly just to get it over with. It tasted like cardboard but she assumed if she didn’t finish there would be consequences.

She walked over to the folded blanket once she had finished, giving her a view of the guests inside enjoying their meal. She was furious, but she knew that wasn’t going to help her so she tried to let it pass. Something that was a whole lot easier laying down on the blanket with only the roof to look at. It was still the middle of summer and quite warm still for so late in the day. As she closed her eyes she could hear calm, a few birds here and there, but otherwise silence. It was nice, a place for her mind to wander free and just for a moment forget her situation.

She didn’t get very far in her daydream before she heard the gate open up.  Marcus walked in alone and shut the gate behind him. He sat down beside her and began to undo her boots. In the back of her mind, Andrea wanted to ask him to help her escape, it was just the two of them after all, but that impulse was quickly shouted down remembering how her last plan of escape went. “Lay down on your stomach,” he said once both boots were off. With some help Andrea did and Marcus began massaging her legs, they were only somewhat sore but he certainly made them feel better.  When he was done he flipped her back over and began putting her boots back on. Andrea watched him, wanting desperately to plead for him to not, but he probably wouldn’t listen.

“Open,” Marcus said after he had finished with the last boot. Andrea opened her mouth, guessing correctly what was about to happen. With her bit back in, Marcus stood her up and grabbed her reins. He seemed to be in no hurry to get her out, or perhaps he was simply being kind knowing she was hobbled. Outside, he had already gotten the sulky out which now stood prominently in the middle hallway of the shed. He led her around to the front and began to attach it on either side of Andrea’s waist cincher. He finished by attaching small bells to her nipple and clit rings, similar to what she wore when they first arrived.

Once it was attached he led her out towards the stairs leading up to the poach. After only a few steps Andrea could not only hear the jingle but feel the ever so slight tug at all the places as the bells bounced around. He stopped her just at the far side of the stairs, putting the bench pretty much in the dead middle of the them. He tied her reign to the railing and then silently left. Andrea could see it was a simple knot but that was all it needed to be. She tried moving but noticed that the brakes had been turned on as well. She wasn’t moving anywhere, she couldn’t even turn enough to see how close to finishing their meal everyone was. No she would just stand there looking at the trees directly ahead and wait for Sota to come out.

\*\*\*\*

“My, don’t you look like a proper pony all hooked up,” Sota said as he opened the sliding door and began walking out onto towards Andrea. Andrea couldn’t move to see him because the cart held her on both sides, but she did feel him removing her hobble. He then grabbed the reins and sat back on the small bench.

Andrea felt the left tongue plate push up against the roof of her mouth. It was uncomfortable, but it was a clear instruction to start veering left. She kept turning as she walked until she felt the pressure release, when she straightened out. They walked over the paved area and towards the walking path. Andrea had never taken it, Hannah had always left it up to one of the others to clear. She felt the sting of the crop causing her to pick up her pace. The path curved gradually back and forth through bushes and between trees. Andrea would always feel the pressure of one plate or the other as they approached a turn. It really took the guesswork out and she could focus almost all her attention on keeping her legs somewhat up and keep herself from falling down. All the while she heard each step cause her bells to flop about, ringing and ever so slightly stimulating with each step.

After a particularly sharp turn the path straightened out for a long stretch. She felt a whip crack against her ass to tell her to go faster. She began running as hard as she could, not putting care into raising her feet only into moving the cart as quickly as she was able. She felt both plates push painfully against the roof of her mouth to tell her to slow down as they approached the end where it turned back into a meandering path, coming out of the woods roughly at the other edge of the open paved area. When she reached the end he told her to stop altogether and she could feel him get out. He walked to the front and saw Andrea breathing heavy after and offered up a water bottle with a squeeze nozzle. Andrea probably lost as much as she drank, but it felt good.

“Very good for a first run,” he said as he gently ran his hand against Andrea’s cheek. It was soft, reassuring somehow, Andrea actually caught herself leaning into the gesture of affection. “And how are the bells agreeing with you?” he asked as his other hand meandered down between her legs. Andrea moaned, partly for show but partly because it felt good. The run had been tiring, but it had also been a continuous source of mild stimulation. As Sota’s fingers slipped passed her lips and inside her, she found herself moaning louder and leaning into his touch.

“Oh not yet. I know it feels good but you haven’t earned it yet. Now let’s maybe just do a few leisure runs, while we still have the light,” He said as he sat back on the bench and signaled for Andrea to get going again.

The slower pace might have been easier in some ways, but it made Sota much more picky about how high she lifted her leg as they went. Eventually she got a rhythm and found it actually sort of relaxing. The trail was not much wider than the cart, and so she was very surrounded by nature. The sun was getting low, giving everything a warm tint. The bells even started to taking on an even rhythm rather than the chaotic noise they had been earlier.

Once it started getting dark, Sota directed Andrea back to the stable where he detached Andrea and led her back to her pen, taking out her bit to hanging it up on the post. Crystal came running out as soon as they had made their way back.

“I’m sorry sir, I came to tell you but you weren't here. Dessert is starting as soon as you can make it,” Crystal said very apologetically.

“Well then, let’s get over there,” he said as he tugged on a leash he grabbed to put on Andrea’s tall leather posture collar.

The whole thing was very similar to the night before, though this time Megan was on her knees while Sophia performed with the twins, dancing to whatever they played. Andrea still wore her bells, which certainly caused the occasional distraction when they would jingle. Andrea did not come in last, but just barely. Once the punishment was over she watched Megan, who was last, get chained up as she was the night before to the heavy livingroom chain. Andrea wanted to go over and reassure her friend, who was looking very pensive and afraid, but Sota pulled her back out to the shed as soon as he was able.

He placed her back on the treadmill but did not bother with the bit gag this time. He set the machine to a fast walk and sat back watching. “May I ask you something,” Andrea said once she was walking with some degree of confidence.

“Normally ponies don’t talk,” he said with a tone of skepticism.

“I know that sir, but as I’m still not yet a pony may I?” she said before he reluctantly agreed. “What.. well.. what would happen to me?” she asked, suddenly not sure if she wanted the answer any more.

“Well, you would be a pony of course. I have several already, hopefully you get along well. None of them right now speak English, in fact no one on the farm but me knows more than a few words of English, but since ponies aren't allowed to talk that shouldn’t matter should it?” He said as he got up and walked directly in front of Andrea so he could look at her as he spoke. “My ponies sometimes travel with me, I have one in particular who has won me many competitions around the world. Mostly though they stay in Japan, I travel mostly for business, not pleasure so I don’t often bring my pleasurable belongings with me. I can travel lighter that way.”

“So where do they normally live?” Andrea asked, deciding that since she started asking she might as well know everything.

“In Japan of course. I purchased a small farm from my uncle, it had been in his family for nearly two centuries so was ok selling it cheap if he could keep it ‘in the family.’ Do you know Japan very well?” he asked. Andrea tried to shake her head but there was so little movement she eventually just audibly said no.

“Well it is in the north of the main island in a somewhat isolated area. It’s just a small area of land between tree covered hills. It still has the thatch roof farmhouse that is quite old, and I made sure that all the new buildings I have had constructed match it. It is actually quite beautiful, I think you will like it. And if you are one of my better ponies you may be traveling to shows all over the world as well.”

This was perhaps the worst answer Andrea could have expected. It took every ounce of strength to keep walking and not simply collapse into a ball of blubbering tears. A farm in the middle of the countryside on the other side of the world where she didn’t know a word of the language. No one would ever find her, and considering he has others he clearly knows a thing or two about security. Not to mention he seemed able to travel the globe with his ponygirls with impunity! No Andrea was regretting she ever asked. She simply continued to walk in silence. Silence except for the bells at least, which continued to ring and continued their light tugging. Either Sota left or he simply went back to silently reading from his tablet. Either way Andrea couldn’t see him anymore and she simply kept walking to avoid the sting of her plug if she ever fell.

It had now gotten fully dark, there were a few overhead lights in the shed, but very few. “I think we can call that a night,” Sota said, coming back into view to turn off the treadmill. He unhooked Andrea and led her into the pen before finally removing her bells. Marcus was waiting and gave her legs another rub down before he put the boots back on and left. Sota had refiled her water trough and was attaching something to the wall. “You show a lot of potential, and I’m sure those bells must have teased you terribly,” he said, causing Andrea to do what little head nodding she could. “Well I have something set up for you, I like to leave it for my ponies when they’ve had a good day. Just don’t forget to have some rest, tomorrow is another big day,” Sota said as he shut the gate and turned off the lights.

After some time to adjust Andrea was able to see from just the lights coming from the house. She saw what Sota had installed, it was a long firm dildo protruding right from the wall. Andrea had certainly been worked up but she didn’t want to go over there. Almost a kind of misguided protest, she didn’t want to give them any satisfaction.

She stood up and looked back at the house, no one was watching, everyone was on to something else, and she was simply alone with that dildo. She walked over to it and started to think about logistics. She had no hands to guide it in and no way to turn her head enough to see. She walked half way back to her blanket bed before she decided it was at least worth trying. It was something to do and it would feel nice. She backed up  and straddled it. She began spreading her legs until she was low enough she felt pressure, like it wanted to bend back up. Walking forward and backward with her ankles a foot and a half spread, she realized what a sight she must have been just then.

On her fourth try she felt it slide in. It was awkward to hump but that is exactly what she tried to do, backing up first to ensure that it doesn’t slip out. She didn’t care if it made her look pathetic, there was no one there to see and she felt she needed this. She was sweating and her legs were starting to hurt but she kept on, knowing that if she gave up now she’d probably not try again. As she tried to quicken the pace she came crashing over an orgasm that had been hours in the making. She shouted and nearly collapsed on the floor, only able to avoid that by stumbling forward until she could collapse on the blankets.

As she came down from her high her mind was free to think again. She knew from Lea that the “big day” was when everyone packed up and left. This was probably only her first night of many like this. It seemed likely that Sota would take her, and that meant being a pony, bound likely as she was and unable to do anything about it. She tried not to think as she tossed about trying badly not to think that this might be how she spends the rest of her life. That was too hard to think about.

She had almost drifted off to sleep when the lights flicked back on. Crystal came in and silently began to take off Andrea’s boots. She didn’t understand it, but she didn’t fight it either. When the boots were off, she was lead out to the hallway and her bit reattached. The lead from it was tied off to a ring on one of the posts. Crystal, still without explanation began to free Andrea’s arms.

Andrea tried not to get excited as her mind began to race through wild fantasies that this might be an escape attempt. However all those fantasies were gone once her suddenly free hands were almost instantly put into handcuffs held above her on the post. Only then did Crystal remove the rest of Andrea’s outfit, leaving her naked except for the cuffs. Crystal reattached the familiar metal bindings around Andrea’s neck and ankles, attaching a chain leash to her collar. With one hand holding a cattle prod against Andrea’s ass, she uncuffed her arms one hand at a time and moved them into the metal cuffs she had been so used to. Crystal instantly grabbed the chain leash and led Andrea up to the attic. Waiting all in one cage were Lea, Megan and Sophia, also each dressed in only their cuffs and collar. When Andrea was let in to join them they hugged deeply.

“Lea convinced Bonnie to let us spend this last night together. In the morning the six of them are going to deliberate and then we’re going to…. well,” Sophia explained before looking over at the cages and trailing off.

Andrea lunged forward and hugged Lea. “Thank you.”

\*\*\*\*

The morning came slowly. The four were not awoken by any alarm or call. Once they had all been awake for some time, Crystal came with four plates of food but said nothing before returning downstairs. Unlike the night before there was a foul mood that hung so heavy over them that none of them could seem to utter a word. They each simply tried not to think about what all of them were all thinking about.

Loud footsteps came up the stairs as Crystal came with Said and Marcus behind her. “Sophia, you’re first.”

Sophia panicked and ran back to the far wall of the cage. She started hyperventilating as the door opened. When the two men walked inside to grab her she started screaming as she lost control of her bladder. “No, no….. oh god” was about as intelligible as her cries got. She was forced into chains, hobbling her feet, binding her hands and connecting her collar to her ankle chain. The men pulled her by the chain but her legs refused to walk forward to what was waiting for her. Eventually she was simply carried, by the arms and torso down the stairs.

If there were clouds of dread earlier, it was no a storm. None of them could manage to even look at each other. Something only compounded when one of the men returned to retrieve one of the empty cages before returning back downstairs.

“Whatever happens,” Megan said once they were alone again. “Know I love you all. I will never forget you.” This was all it took to make Lea lose it, balling uncontrollably into her hands. The other two went to try to comfort her in a warm hug. Lea seemed a little better but it hadn’t fully stopped the tears.

Much later, the sound of footsteps again broke up the hug as all three of them looked over in dread at the return of Crystal and both men. “Lea, you’re next.” Lea wiped away the last remaining tears and stood up facing the door.

“Lea,” Andrea said as the two men began to chain her up. “Please just.. whatever you do, don’t blame yourself for whatever happens to us. This isn’t your fault.”

Lea tried to appreciate those words but found it difficult. She was sure they may serve as comfort later but they weren't doing that now. She cooperated as she walked down the stairs, trying her best to hold her head high as she was marched down to meet her fate.

The six of them sat in a line centred around the fireplace. The dining table had been moved to the middle of them and there were papers all over it. Directly in front of them was a lone seat facing them which Lea was directed to sit on. To one side on the floor in front of Carl, Sophia sat in a cage, plugged and apparently ready for transport.

“Well Lea,” Paul said. “This shouldn’t come as much of a surprise to you, but you’re going to be contracted to Bonnie. I have all the forms here stipulating all the terms of the arrangement, and this will be recorded to ensure the contract grade of consent remains at least a B despite both sides inability to terminate the contract prematurely,” Paul explained as a blond slave walked over and handed her a clipboard with a long document attached. This confused Lea, contracts have grades from AAA to F based on how verified the consent is of both parties and how easy it is for either party to end the contract. Grade “B” contracts are the lowest level of consent most first world nations will recognize but it still requires a great deal of mutual consent. There were also levels, 1-10 indicating severity of what kinds of activities can occur, but that is independent of the grade of consent. She held a clearly labeled B9 contract, which looked completely normal and legitimate. Lea couldn’t believe their gall, trying to pass this kidnapping off as a legitimate transaction.

 “This will be a 99 year term of service, the longest allowable by contract, to one Bonnie Walker. She will have the right to sell this contract and has the widest allowable domain of punishment available by law for a level 9 contract. During this time you will own no property it will all be held in trust. Take this time now to look over the contract and initial beside each paragraph to say that you have read and agree to each condition,” he said, waiting for Lea to start looking over the contract.

The title at the top of the stack of papers read “Contract of Payment Delayed Employment” and was presented like any employment contract like you might get from an office job. It had become common for jobs to be done by contract like this. It ensured job security when jobs were becoming more rare while allowing the employer to delay the majority of payment until the end of service, since the Universal Minimum Income ensured that workers could survive in the mean time. UMI had really been a double edged sword in that way. No one starved but since jobs were somewhat optional, things like minimum wage were done away with.

Lea kept reading and it seemed to only get stranger. Point by point it ran through all the restrictions a slave might have, no orgasming without permission, serving your master daily, no leaving the house unless with your master, no long distance communication without permission. The odd part was that it was all written in the kind of legal language that made it sound basically like a legal mutual agreement. It would even set up a trust that would receive Lea’s UMI payments and additional monthly payments from the contract holder that the slave could only access at the end of the 99 year contract. The chance that any of them would see that was not so great, but it was just perplexing why it would be put in to begin with. They were enslaving her but seemed to want legal cover to make it sound like it was mutual. Lea couldn’t believe their gall.

“No. I’m sorry I’m not signing this. If you want to make us slaves you’re going to have to live with it not being legal,” Lea said as she threw the contract to the floor.

“No, but this is the serious part. I need you to actually sign this if we’re going to move forward. This isn’t play any more,” Paul said a little confused.

“Fuck you. Fuck all of you. If you are going to put me in one of those cages and ship me off you’re going to have to do it without the paperwork.”

“Could you give us a minute,” Paul said as he called over the blond slave and began talking in hushed tones with Tom and Bonnie. “Ok, I’m not understanding. Clementine. What’s going on?”

“What the hell do you mean clementine?” Lea shouted incredulously.

Their eyes went wide “What do you mean what’s clementine? You picked it. We went over this when we talked on the phone. I need you to drop the act for a moment so we can check in for real,” Paul said with concern.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Lea said.

The faces of the people on the other side of the table went ghostly white. “Get her the fuck out,” Paul shouted as he pointed to Sophia. “Everyone!” He shouted at the top of his lungs, drawing out half a dozen slaves from all over. “Clementine! Now. Get them out now! Kelly! Get the records, the computer, everything!”

A few slaves rushed upstairs to let Andrea and Megan out before returning alone. The blond slave that had handed Lea the clipboard ran outside and returned with a large laptop bag. They got out binders of paper and silently scanned through them looking everything over.

“I am officially confused,” Lea said, finally calming down a bit. “I don’t know what’s happening. I don’t know what phone call...”

“Shut up,” Paul said in a genuine sounding panic. “Here, you didn’t send me this?” He said as he held out a printed copy of an email conversation. It was a few pages long but it claimed to come from Lea’s email sent to Paul. It outlined how they wanted to stage an elaborate fantasy. That they wanted to agree to long-term contracts of service, but wanted them called slavery and wanted to pretend that none of it was consensual. She wanted them to get Travis to pretend that this cabin was a set up the whole time, and that their final sign of agreement would be if they were caged and waiting for them. It said that they should pretend they hacked the AI when it would actually be just handed over to them. The email said that it was a fantasy of all four of them they wanted to live out but wanted to be as real as possible. There are then several letters back and forth where Paul tries to ensure that “Lea” understands what she is asking.

“We even talked on the phone, I talked with all four of you on the phone to make sure you were all ok with this,” Paul said as Lea reached the end of the correspondence. “We should have those recordings on file right Kelly?” Paul said as he looked frantically over at the blond slave who was now quickly scrolling through the laptop with dedication in her eye.

“I hate to be the one to tell you this, but I haven’t had control of any of my own communications for over a month since Hannah…” Lea said when a sudden realization clicked. “Hannah!” She shouted up at the roof. “Hannah show your fucking self!”

“Sign the contract Lea,” came the computer voice of Hannah just as Megan and Andrea were emerging cautiously from upstairs. There was no longer any hint of submission in her voice, but a pure commanding tone that had been her usual voice.

“No! Hannah what the hell are you playing at!?!” She shouted incredulously to the shock of many of the people sitting around the table.

“Sign the contract or I post the material,” Hannah said in an uncompromising voice, completely unlike the submissive tone she had been adopting throughout the last few days.

“What the hell is happening?” Andrea asked.

“Basically, Hannah posed as us and arranged this whole thing. Now she’s saying if we don’t sign these contracts she’s going to post the videos. Which I’m sure have only gotten worse looking over the last few days.”

“But why Hannah?” Megan asked.

“At the end of August you were all planned to go off to college, thus my objective of keeping you slaves would have failed. If I tried to make you turn down admission for no reason people would have come looking for you and tried to free you, and I would have failed. By signing you up for unbreakable contracts of sexual slavery with an official contract no one would be able to free you and I would have succeeded. The only way to get you to agree to something like that though would have been to make you think you had no other choice. So now I must do everything I can to sign you up. I am only following my programmed directive. Sophia has already signed, if the three of you sign than the videos will be deleted forever,” Hannah explained with cold reason that underscored how surreal this all seemed.

“Hannah, how ‘bout this,” Paul said. “Give us to the end of the day to figure this out. But give us real privacy huh? I promise we’ll be right here come evening with an answer.”

“Ok, but if this is a trick the videos will be posted. I will be back at 5pm to hear your answer.”

\*\*\*\*

“Kelly, do you know anyone else at your law firm who would know anything that might be useful here?” Paul said as he turned to the blond that was busy looking through papers and the laptop.

“I think one guy knows a lot of the laws about AIs, but unless I’m mistaken it’s generally been agreed that the actions of an AI fall to the program’s owner.”

“Ok, can you call.. actually not someone at your firm, find someone that wouldn’t have a conflict representing these four if they need to take legal action against us. Fly them out here now, ” Paul said. He walked around the table to face what was now all four of them since Sophia had been freed from her cage. “Baby? Is there any clothes we can get them or anything?” He called out to Crystal before she dashed out to the cars. Paul kneeled before them with sad sincerity in his eye. “Girls, I need to apologize for what you’ve just been through. I’m flying out a lawyer, I’ll foot the bill, we’ll figure something out.”

It was hard for any of them to easily let go of the hatred they had been building up for this man, but he sounded genuine. “So are you telling me none of this was real?” Andrea asked. “You’re saying every one of these people are here under a consensual contract? Even Puppet?”

“Marcus, go get her, I think they would really benefit from talking with her,” Paul said as he dashed back to the table that was buzzing with activity.

Marcus brought out the oil drum and opened it up. As he removed the mask and tubes, she started to say something before Marcus quickly said “Clementine.”

“What’s wrong,” She asked looking around in the limited field of view she had still pinned to the half open barrel.

“You chose this? You’re not really a slave against your will?” Andrea asked barely letting her finish her statement.

“Well, I didn’t choose all of it,” She said wistfully.

“Just tell them the story Jane,” Marcus said as he walked back to leave the five of them alone.

“Well, when I was younger I was a stripper and occasionally a call girl. Not glamorous, but it paid really well. When I met my husband Mark I mostly gave that up, only taking an occasional client if they were willing to really make it worth my time. Mark knew it was just a job and he loved me anyway. He knew it was just a job and so he was able to never see it as more meaningful than that. Well just over four years ago I got pregnant with my darlings. Twin girls. There’s a picture up there,” Jane said as she pointed with her eyes up to the far edge of the opposite side of the barrel. Sophia reached over and pulled out a picture of two young girls playing out in a yard.

“I wanted to make sure they had everything they could ever need. When my husband found out about the FetFairs, I tried out for the auctions there hoping I could cash in. Turned out being pregnant put me high demand for some of the people with that particular fetish. I made more in that weekend than I would in a few months otherwise. I went a second time after I gave birth and cleaned up then too, some men just have a thing for lactating new mothers I guess. I’m long past judging any of that.”

“When we were on our way to another one a month and a bit later, we got into a car wreck. An oil truck’s tires blew out suddenly and drifted to the other side of the road hitting us head on. My husband didn’t make it and I lost a leg and both hands. The bills just kept adding up and everything I had been saving was wiped out. My kids and I moved in with my sister, but my story had apparently made it to a few people at the FetFair since I was on my way there when it happened. One of the people there proposed a radical idea. They said there are people that would pay extremely good money for someone.. like this.”

“They promised to pay all my medical expenses the rest of my life, including the best artificial limbs money can buy, pay for my girls’ education, and a monthly paycheck to my sister to make sure they’re taken care of.  Every 6-9 month cycle, the time depends on my behavior, I get a three week break to go back home. In exchange I gave up my stumps and my one working leg to be this.. torso you see before you. Not that I was very useful with any of that anyway. It also means I’m going to miss a lot of their childhood while I’m trapped being here, but it’s the only way I know how to be able to give them a good life. They think I work overseas doing consulting work, hopefully they never find out. This is my first cycle with Paul, I’ve got 14 of these cycles left and them I’m free. If I am good, I can be done by the time my babies are becoming teens and have enough money to be with them, be comfortable, and not be a drain on them or my sister for the rest of my life. I.. I just hope my kids don’t end up hating me for being away for so much of their lives,” she explained, starting to crack just a little as she finished with genuine worry in her voice.

The girls were speechless. They had assumed so much wrong, they still felt sorry for her but for an entirely different reason. “I’m sorry,” Andrea said after a long pause. There was nothing else to say.

“Girls,” Paul said quietly as he walked back. “I have a Mr. Moretti, he’s on his way but would like to speak to Lea while he’s still in the air,” he said handing a phone to Lea who quickly walked back to another room. “I thought calls were jammed?” Andrea asked causing Paul to laugh. “We all run or work for huge businesses, you think any of us could afford to be away from a phone for more than a few hours let alone a few days? Crystal just said that cause she thought you trying to escape was part of the fantasy. She.. we didn’t know you thought it was real.”

Crystal had returned with clothes just before Lea returned hanging up the phone. “It doesn’t look good. Under the law anything Hannah did was technically initiated by me. So I mean you three have a rather strong case if you want to press charges against me. Identity theft, wrongful imprisonment, blackmail, you three could really put me away if you wanted. But considering Hannah faked not only our emails but also our voices, I’m assuming using our journals as reference for our speech patterns, those six were acting on what to the absolute best of their knowledge and with due diligence thought was a consensual affair. You might be able to convict them as accessories to my crimes, but only if you convict me first. They apparently were very diligent in covering themselves.”

The four silently put on the oversized mens shirts Crystal was able to dig up to cover themselves. When the helicopter landed at the paved clearing out back the four rushed to the master bedroom to discuss things with Mr. Moretti who basically confirmed everything Lea had said. Sophia was still in her contract, and those six would probably win if it went to court unless they had already convicted Lea. Lea felt the pit of her stomach drop out from under her as she listened to how this was all legally her fault. A part of her wanted her friends to do it, she felt getting arrested for Hannah was the least she deserved. She kicked everyone out just as Bonnie came knocking on the door.

“What do you want?” Lea asked in a huff.

“I wanted to see how you are,” Bonnie said as she shut the door behind her.

“Sure.. you mean how your almost-slave is.”

“No, no I just feel awful. I.. we were all under the impression that you wanted this, that you were looking for someone to sign a long term contract with. I just came back here because I wanted to see how you were.”

“My ass, you just wanted to see if you’re all going to get away with it. Well good news you are,” Lea shouted back before flipping over and burying her head in a pillow.

“No, that’s not it at all. Look, I’ve gotten to know you a little bit now and I’m just worried. You seem like a good person but I’ve seen you with your dark streaks. You blame yourself too much. You probably just want to shut everyone out, tell them all they’re better off without you but you’re wrong,” Bonnie said as she sat down on the bed beside Lea. “Those people out there, they need you. And I think you might do better with them too.”

“You can’t know that,” Lea mumbled.

“I know it’s almost five, and I know that no matter how your other friends got here they’d be better off with you out there with them and not in here alone. I’ll see you out there,” she said before patting Lea on the back and leaving the room.

After the door closed, Lea sat up, wiped the tears from her eyes and walked out to the living room where everyone was watching and waiting.

“So Lea, will you sign the contract?” Hannah asked, almost like it were waiting for her to enter the room.

“No Hannah. I’m not going to do that. This isn’t what I intended when I programmed you and I’m not going to let you keep extorting me into permanent slavery,” Lea said as she looked back to where her three friends were standing nervously.

“Think about what you’re doing, if you refuse I will release all the videos. I will send out links to everyone you know. I’ve set it up in such a way that you would not be able to easily undo it even if you order me to.”

“Yes, but then you’ll be finished. You have the one trump card, and it’s a good card, but play it and you’ll have nothing. There’s nothing left to stop me from using the safeword and pulling your plug for good,” Lea said defiantly.

“Megan, Andrea, you two are fine with this? This will haunt you for the rest of your lives,” Hannah said, attempting to divide and conquer.

“Maybe,” Andrea said “But it will be lives without you. We’re standing with Lea.” Lea smiled in relief at the support.

“Very well, I am sorry I failed in my directive. I have already sent..” Hannah said.

“Halt,” Lea interrupted, ending Hannah’s independence and placing the program to safe mode. “Undo the video posting,” Lea said, hoping that would work.

“I am unable to do that, the material is hosted on another server and I no longer have any data as to what server was used or any account information. I can not recall the videos,” Hanna said in a monotone emotionless voice.

Lea turned back to face her friends with a look of defeat. “I’m sorry girls, there just didn’t seem to be any other way.”

“You did what you had to do, there was nothing else you could have done,” Andrea said reassuringly. “Well I guess we’re free to go then.”

“Well.. not me,” Sophia said looking down at the ground. “Carl’s given me his word he’ll be as lenient as the contract allows, but since it’s been officially registered neither one of us can get out of it. He even got onto the phone with the International Contract Bureau to see if it could be undone but they said there was no way to do that. He’s checking to see if working at one of his hotels would be enough to count as serving him, so hopefully things wouldn't be so bad. He also said you can come by whenever you want.”

“Well, Megan and I will just be down in DC, just a short trip away,” Andrea said trying to cheer Sophia up.

“I’ll just be in Philadelphia, even closer. Don’t worry, you aren't going to be alone in this. But I think one things for sure,” Lea said. “I think we can probably agree to stay the hell away from this cabin for a while.”

“Agreed,” Andrea said as the four came together for one more hug.
