---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tanya in Control
authors:
- Unknown
tags:
- F-m+
- shrunk
- cage
- shoe
- crush
- tease
- torment
- cons-nc
- XXX
date: 2010-08-01 00:00:00
---

Tanya bent down and picked up her shoes standing them neatly on the table in front of her. The chunky heels were four inches long, and square in shape. With downward pressure from her thumbs she slid aside a panel which covered the top of one heel, revealing a hollow interior. 
Smiling and humming happily she unfastened a catch on a small cage on the same table, reached in and lifted up a mini-man. He was naked, struggling desperately futilely against her. She dropped him into the heel then replaced the covering panel. Inside, the little man had to curl his body awkwardly to fit in. 
His head, neck and spine were painfully bent. It was dark, musty, sweat-smelly and warm. 
Meanwhile, Tanya had removed a similar panel on the undersideof her shoe. This one was directly beneath the pad of her foot, extending under her toes. The exposed space was divided in two, like the battery compartment of a remote control. Again she reached into the cage, but this time she picked two little men. She lay the men face down in the spaces available, so their backs would be to the floor when she had the shoe on. 
One disobedient mini-man would not lie still. With a little sigh and a wry grin of amusement she lifted him toward her face. As he came nearer and nearer she licked her red painted lips, slowly opening her mouth as if she were about to eat. She laughed at the sounds of his tiny pleading shouts and screams. 
Changing her grip to both hands she pinched his waist between fingers and thumbs then twisted his body sharply, snapping his spine and paralysing him. 
"Now you'll lie still won't you little one ?" she laughed. She put him back inside the sole of her shoe and clicked the rubber sole back into place. The inner sole of her shoe was perforated allowing the men to breathe, although every breath was suffused with the smell of her feet. When her full weight was on the shoe, then the sole of her foot closed off the breathing holes and the mini-men came close to suffocation. 
She repeated this process with the other shoe, then slipped them on. Standing slowly she let her full weight bear down on her little captives. She walked around the room, swaggering letting her full hips sway and undulate admiring herself in the full length mirror she had hung on the wall. She looked magnificently sexy in a tight white top, semi-transparent and decorated in flower patterns, black lycra micro-mini-skirt, black stockings and her special high heeled shoes. 
As she walked, the mini-men suffered immediate pains, being crushed, smothered and violently shaken in their shoe prison. Even standing still she was causing immense crushing pain but if she ran or stamped her feet then the mini-men faced oblivion. But, to Tanya, the benefits were obvious. The little panting breaths from under her feet drew air in and out, cooling and comforting her hot, sweaty feet. Their constant struggles under the pad of her foot gave her a delicious massage, and the feeling of crushing and abusing these helpless little men, feeling them squirm under her feet for her pleasure, was an immense turn on. 
That she was turned on, could be testified to by a mini-man in the crotch of her panties. He was sewn in, using loops to hold wrists, ankles and waist. He was muscular and resilient and needed to be. He could hold his breath for over a minute and often needed to as she walked or sat. All day her juices flowed over him, they soaked his skin, and went up his nose as well as into his helpless mouth. She loved the idea of using these little creatures as panty liners what better use for them could there be. Sometimes she would press his body to her slit for greater stimulation and pleasure. 
She sat down to finish her cup of tea before she went to work, smoothing her mini-skirt with the palms of her hands. She grimaced and spat her tea back into the cup, it had gone cold. She picked up the smoked glass cup, swirling the tea and watching as the cloudy liquid moved. She was about to take it and the tea-pot to the sink when she noticed a mini-man glaring at her from the cage. She put her cup down again smiling in surprise at this mini-man's gall. She plucked him from the cage, holding him upside down by the ankles. He struggled and tried to kick free as she moved him over the table and toward her cup. 
With a wicked grin and a laughing "Bye-Bye", she ducked his little head and body into the cold tea. 
After a few seconds of frenzied kicking came an almost imperceptible stream of bubbles. She paused then pulled him out, just enough for his head to clear the surface. It amused her to see him gulping air into his tiny lungs, even as he was coughing and spluttering from being submerged. Just as his breathing returned to normal, she ducked him again. This time he stayed strangely still for a while, but eventually as she looked idly through the glass sides of the cup, she saw his eyes open wide and he struggled again. 
Once more, she lifted him out of the tea. Holding him firmly in her left hand, she lifted up the tea-pot and refilled her cup to the top. Some tea spilled over into the saucer so she lifted the cup from it and poured a little back into the cup. With slow cruelty she dislocated his arms at each shoulder and his legs at the hips. He passed out momentarily until she began snapping the tiny fragile bones of his arms and legs. The adrenalin overdose was enough to shock him back to consciousness. With a chuckle she dropped him into the full cup, headfirst. To ensure his doom, she sat the saucer on top of the cup, sealing him in. Through the glass she saw his fruitless struggles to survive.

Tanya suddenly felt very hot and flustered. Her fingers caressed her aroused crotch steadily then with increasing vigour until she orgasmed. As she slowly came back to normal she let her mind play back over the mornings experiences. She smiled contentedly and thanked the mini-man in her cup. With a whimsical, self satisfied smile she walked outside to her car. The sound of her shoes on the gravel reminded her of the mini-men inside them and she stamped her foot mischievously. As she climbed in and sat down, every mini-man about her body was crushed, shaken and pummelled, overwhelmed by her heavenly scent. She clicked on her safety belt and shuffled about in her chair getting comfortable for the long journey ahead. She started the engine and turned on the stereo, this ride would be a pleasure for her and a torment for her miniature slaves.
