---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Halloween Harvest
authors:
- Orion
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- halloween
- costume
- supernatural
- cuffs
- collar
- kidnap
- cons
- nc
- X
date: 2024-10-30 00:00:00
---

It was that time of year again. Myself and a few others had been given our annual tasks of going up to the surface, and the land of Mankind, to seek out those that The Boss deemed worthy of becoming His new quota of minions. He did this every one hundred years and at last, tonight on October 31st, it was time to go topside and hunt down no less than fifty human souls, which I and my fellow demons deemed to be unworthy of existing among their fellow humans. We would seek out both men and women who were bullies to their fellows. Persons without whom the world would be a far better place. I had already consigned one man and three women to the eternal fires of Hell and with one hour left until the clocks struck midnight, I was making my way towards my final unsuspecting target.

Rachel Robertson was an absolute bitch, a repeat offender whose sole purpose in life was to break up happily married couples, in fact during her years working for the local council, she had been solely responsible for ending no less than three marriages, and she was quite unrepentant about it all. In fact the last marriage had ended tragically, with the wife’s suicide.Unbeknown to her, tonight she would reap the rewards that were coming to her. It was her 40th birthday, and it was being held in a local Community Centre, and I was on my way to make her night unforgettable.

Earlier that evening, the company who were under contract to provide the male entertainment, suffered a devastating fire on the premises. Amongst the fatalities was the man who was scheduled to perform at Rachel’s party. As his expiry date was years away, the boys in white from the place upstairs came and took him. This left the spot open for me to replace him, as it were. No-one attending the party was aware of the fire, all the organiser knew was that the entertainment would be in keeping with Halloween.

As I neared the Community Centre, sounds of merriment drifted through the air, and I ran through my upcoming performance. The party was due to end at 1am, but I was planning to be long gone by then!

At the entrance to the building, I was met by a woman who introduced herself as Rachel’s sister Andrea. Upon my enquiring as to where the birthday girl was, she quickly pointed her out, remarking, “That’s my slut of a sister over there, the one who can’t keep her bloody hands off of my husband!” I looked in the direction that Andrea was pointing, and had to do a double take, as my eyes beheld the most beautiful woman I had seen in a long, long time. Standing at about 5 feet and eight inches (yes we still use Imperial measures where I came from), with long black hair out of which grew two prosthetic horns, her skin covered in red body paint, her eyes had yellow contacts applied and her black lips completed her devilish look. A red and black basque helped to support her D cup breasts now covered in the same satanic red body paint as the rest of her body, an inflatable trident and black tail, plus black four-inch heels completed her look. It would be a shame to deprive the world of her beauty, but she had it coming!

Her sister had gone up to the DJ and got him to stop playing, as the evening’s main event had arrived. I strode purposefully across the dance floor to where my victim stood, and in a stentorian voice called out to her,

“RACHEL ROBERTSON, COME TO ME!”

She took a good look at me, and immediately played her part, looking at the tall red-skinned demon who summoned her, as she figured I was a strip-o-gram.

“I HAVE COME ON THIS HALLOWE’EN NIGHT TO HARVEST YOUR SOUL, AND BRING YOU DOWN TO THE ETERNAL PIT OF MISERY!”

“Ok, I’ll play along big boy!” she whispered back,

Lowering my voice to a more easier timbre, I carried on, “Hold out your arms, slave!” I commanded, and as she complied I slipped on a pair of lightweight steel manacles. Before she had a chance to say or do anything else, I’d manacled her ankles as well, connecting them to the chain on her arms.

The crowd surrounding us were really getting in on the spectacle, watching as the helpless woman was led around the hall, shuffling in small steps due to her chained feet. She was loving it, and when I put the steel collar around her neck, locking it forever; she almost orgasmed there and then.

I looked at the clock at the end of the room, it was showing two minutes to midnight.

“PREPARE TO DEPART THIS WORLD, AND FOREVER SUFFER IN THE ETERNAL FIRES WHICH ARE WAITING FOR YOU! YOU’RE GOING TO PAY FOR YOUR SINS OF ADULTERY! COME, MY LORD BEELZEBUB AWAITS YOU!”

Rachel looked in disbelief at the now empty hall. “Where have they all gone?” she asked me.

“You have been wiped from existence!” I replied, “and as such, none of those present were ever aware of you, your timeline has ceased to exist, there never was a Rachel Robertson as far as they’re concerned. Hence, no birthday party! Oh, I have to show you one final thing before we descend!”

The scene shifted, and Taylor found herself standing in the bedroom of her former home. Over on the bed, a couple were engrossed in lovemaking.

“That’s my husband, what is Sally Wilton doing in my bed?” she demanded.

“I told you, you don't exist! David married Sally and they have three wonderful children!” I told her, “Now do come along, my Lord will be expecting us!” I commanded her as I pulled on her manacles, and the world of men slowly disappeared from sight!

The woman once known as Rachel Robertson gave out a heart-rending scream as it began to get warmer around us, “NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO…!”

THE END… for Rachel!
