---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ariana
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- collar
- cuffs
- oral
- toys
- outdoors
- rope
- strapon
- stuck
- mast
- bedtie
- cons
- X
date: 2025-01-19 00:00:00
---

### 9: Going Camping

#### **Intro**

Kate and Ariana got married a few months ago. They've been together for almost three years. They live in Kate's flat on the 12th floor of a residential tower.

Both women work together from home. Doing administration and financial related contract work. Ariana also does English to Japanese translations as she is quite adept at the language.

Ariana prefers to stay home and busies herself with the household and her work. Kate on the other hand used to be much more outgoing, for example with her coworkers on lunch breaks, sometimes a work event. But ever since she quit her job and started working from home she sort of lost contact with most of the people she knows.

Ariana was born in Japan and immigrated to Canada at a young age. She is 26 years old and has a petite body with a cute face with dark innocent looking eyes. Her appearance is often the envy of men. A small B-cup sits on her chest and she stands about 140cm tall. Long black hair flows down to just below her butt. She rarely wears makeup other than some eye-liner.

Kate on the other hand is 28 years old and a typical Canadian born blonde. Her shoulder length hair is a dark shade of blonde. Like Ariana she has a slender body with a B-cup as well. Toned legs and a round butt complement her physique. The women often share clothes, mostly shirts. They are almost the same size, except Kate is a lot taller than Ariana at 175cm.

She is a smart and practical woman who used to work as a sort of floor manager in a large hotel and as an accountant before that. She's been feeling a bit cooped up and fantasizes a lot about going on adventures.

Together they make an attractive couple. They used to be co-workers at a previous job. When Ariana had joined the company as an office assistant after graduating college and had soon found a friend in Kate. About two years later the two had fallen in love when Kate tried to help Ariana through some tough times.

#### **1 - Kate has parents**

The last three months have been a blur. Kate had made yet another massive change to her life inspired by her girlfriend, now wife, Ariana. First after having discovered her burnout was because of work and not her love life or the combination of the two. She had quit her job without any plan for what to do next. Unheard off for a woman like Kate. Then the couple got married on a bit of a whim a few weeks later.

The marrying part wasn't completely a spur of the moment thing, Kate and Ariana have been together for a while. But them being busy with keeping their lives going they never really talked about it. When Kate finally asked Ariana to marry her, it turned out that Ariana had been quietly wishing and waiting for Kate to ask for more than a year.

Now, several months later. Kate still has no job. She has no idea what she wants for a job either. She helps Ariana with her work and she's been resting and has been trying to get her head straight.

Kate had been stressed out from her previous job for a long time and tries to take life a bit slower and take it easy.

For the most part, Ariana went on with her life as usual. Taking on little jobs and short contracts as part of her online work. Her earnings were always extra on top of Kate's much bigger salary. But now she’s the sole breadwinner.

With Kate's accounting skills, Ariana can take on more complex contracts and they do some of the work together.

Ariana always went for the easier offerings, finding calculation errors in spreadsheets or preparing quarterly overviews and things like that. She's good at math, but is not an accountant. Kate went to school for that kind of stuff and is much better qualified.

Before they got married Kate was often complaining about her busy work and the stress it brought. Ariana had made a simplistic calculation that if Kate would quit her job they needed to earn about $170 a day on average to cover her previous salary. Ariana has been trying to get to that average, but it hasn't really worked out so far. Averaging about $100 a day for most of the time. Which is fine, but it's certainly a step down.

Today, Kate is not in the mood for work. She has been thinking about her parents and how to tell them she got married to a woman. A nagging thought that has been in her head for a while now. When she first started dating Ariana she told them, and they had ignored her ever since.

Taking the easy way out yet again, she decides not to contact them for now and asks her sister Lisa to drop the bomb. Lisa and her boyfriend were the witnesses for the marriage registration, so Kate is sure her parents already know anyway. Just as she's typing the message on her phone she hears Ariana call for her.

"Kate, come here please! I'm done."

Heading over to her lover she asks, "Already? Did you finish both jobs?"

"Yes, look!" Ariana shows her submitted work on the website. "Can I go to the toilet now? I really need to go." She asks.

Kate had been playing a control game with Ariana for the last few weeks. She'd use their collar and chain to tie her wife to the desk. The idea is that Ariana can not leave her chair until her work for the day is done. It's just something they enjoy from time to time. It's a silly game but Ariana is more or less helpless when she's stuck in her chair, yet is not a true captive because all she has to do to get free is finish her work.

Meanwhile, Kate feels in control because she holds the key to the collar around Ariana's neck. The collar is connected to a chain which is connected to the desk.

"Oh, yes… Well done." Kate praises Ariana and ruffles her hair. She then unlocks the padlock on the collar thinking that maybe Ariana should do three jobs per day.

Ariana heads to the bathroom to relieve herself. She calls out, "Hey Kate? Wanna go do something? Maybe get ice cream or something?"

"Uh sure, sweetie. Shall we also look at that camping gear store for a tent?"

The women had been talking about going camping to try it out. Kate thinks she wants a more adventurous life and to buy a camper van or an RV but she's scared of the investment. A tent would be much cheaper.

Ariana comes out of the bathroom and plonks down next to Kate on the couch. Dropping her head on her lover's legs looking up at her. "No ice cream?" She really wants vanilla.

Kate's phone rings and she reaches over to answer. It's her father.

"Hello? Uh, oh… Hello, dad?" Kate can't believe her ears. Covering her mouth with her free hand as if she's in shock.

"Helloooommpf!" Ariana calls up loudly from below. Kate covers Ariana's mouth so silence her.

"What? Yes, that's her. Yeah we're fine. How are you guys?" Kate is stunned, looking down at Ariana pulling a 'what-the-fuck’ face.

Ariana shrugs and smiles, she starts to get up to give her lover some space. But she's stopped by Kate who puts an arm over her torso, holding her close.

“What? Oh Lisa said…? Yes, well, I didn’t know how to tell…”

The phone sounds upset.

“I know, I should have told you sooner. But you…”

Kate is interrupted again and phone sputters in her ear.

Ariana looks at Kate who has a cramped face while listening to the mostly one sided phone call.

"Just over three months now, yes. But really almost three years. Ever since you…" Kate says

She’s interrupted again.

"Yes, I was very upset."

More upset noises from the phone…

"Well of-course, you guys abando…" Kate is once again interrupted. Her hand momentarily squeezes Ariana's arm painfully, causing her to grimace.

"But… What? Yeah, of-course I love her. Why else would I mar…" Kate looks angry now as she's interrupted again.

"That's… I see, bye…" Kate lets her phone hand drop on the couch and sighs. "They're coming to visit, tomorrow…" She says dejected to Ariana.

"Oh? That's good right? What time are they coming? I'll make a cake!" Ariana says excitedly.

"I don't know babe, my mom was talking in the background and seemed upset. Dad was more relaxed… Urgh, I hate it already!" Kate whines.

"Oh." Ariana thinks for a moment. "Let's meet in a cafe then, then we can escape if they're mean to you…" Ariana smartly suggests.

Kate looks down and smiles, "You're very smart sometimes, you know that?"

"Of-course. I learned it from you!" Ariana laughs. "So what now?"

"I don't know." She sighs, "I really don't know." Kate's head is in turmoil. She wants to see her parents… But at the same time, not at all.

The next day Kate is nervous as hell, perhaps even more so than on her wedding day. Ariana tries to be optimistic and comfort her. Sometime in the late morning a SMS message arrives that her dad is downstairs.

Ariana laughs and wonders who uses SMS these days? Don't they have Messenger?

They quickly get ready and head downstairs where Ariana has to practically push Kate out of the elevator and towards the door to meet her parents. "Come on, you pussy!" she whispers at Kate, "Show them super Kate…"

They had decided to go to the nearby coffee shop. Stepping outside Kate comes face to face with her father for the first time in three years. Ariana for the first time ever. She thinks he's a handsome man, but he looks too old to be Kate's father. "Hello," She greets him.

He looks at the pair with a smile. "Hello girls!" He steps forward to give Kate a hug. She's as tall as him.

"Where's mom?" Kate asks, "In the car?"

"Oh you know her… She decided to not come this morning." Her dad apologizes. "But maybe it's better this way, eh?"

Kate says nothing, clearly not comfortable.

"Hello, sir…" Ariana says again, stepping forward and grabbing Kate's arm. She'd been standing a little behind Kate.

Kate responds to Ariana's touch and puts her arm around her, "Dad, this is my wife. Ariana Birch-Inoue. Ariana, this is my dad, Burke."

He looks at Ariana, finally acknowledging her. "Hello dear. You look lovely. Lisa told us all about you."

‘Hopefully not all,' Ariana thinks with a nervous smile.

The three stand facing each other awkwardly for a few moments.

"So uh, shall we go upstairs?" He asks Kate after a few uncomfortable seconds.

"Mmmuh…" Kate mumbles.

"No sir, we're going to a coffee place near here." Ariana quips. "Come Kate," She starts walking away, pulling Kate along. "Hey, what's wrong with you… Did you lose your brain?" Ariana hisses to Kate as they walk away.

"Oh, ok…" Burke says with a frown, not seeing the point of going to some restaurant. But he saunters after the women, watching them argue in a hushed tone.

"I, uh, I. I don't know what to say," Kate stutters. "I wish I was in bed. Or anywhere…"

Ariana pulls Kate along, "Well, figure it out. He seems nice, right? Lighten up ok?"

Kate says nothing and looks very uncomfortable. A short walk later they arrive at the coffee shop.

"Here we are!" Ariana announces to Burke. "They have great muffins."

She parks Kate at a table and looks at her with pity. ‘Poor Kate,' she thinks. She asks, "Donut and juice?" She didn't see her friend this lost, ever.

Kate nods, staring out of the window. Burke sits down across the table. "I'll have coffee please, the one with foam on top."

‘Yes, yes, Espresso,' Ariana thinks. Even she, the coffee hater, knows that. "And a muffin or something? They're really good…"

"Yeah, why not." Burke smiles. "Blueberry please."

As Ariana goes to the counter to place her order he says to Kate, "She seems nice huh?"

"What? Yeah, she's the best." Kate quietly says.

"No rings?" Burke asks with a curious voice.

"No, no rings… We eh, kinda forgot…"

Her dad interrupts, "What happened to your fiancé? What was his name?"

"Anik…"

"He was nice too… Seemed like a good man for you." He says thoughtfully. "So, how are you Kate? I mean in general… Are you doing well in life?" Her dad looks at her, trying to get her attention.

"We broke up more than eight years ago. Why are you here dad?" Kate wants to know, looking annoyed at her father for bringing up Anik.

"Do I need a reason to want to see my daughter?" He asks.

"You do, yes… We were doing just fine without you guys, you know?"

"Oh don't be like that, understand our shock when you told us."

Kate looks upset, "Your shock? What about my shock, being abandoned by my parents for loving someone. Fucking hell… What's wrong with you two." She looks out of the window wishing she was anywhere but here.

Her dad looks around with a guilty look but says nothing.

Ariana comes back a few moments later carrying a small tray with their order. "Their foamy thing is broken so I got you regular coffee with milk." She looks at Burke with curious eyes. "Aren't you glad to see Kate?"

"Oh, that's fine…" He says. "And yes I'm happy to see her. Come sit, talk, tell me about you?"

"Ehh, ok…" Ariana looks at Kate who stares angrily out the window. Sitting down next to her she pokes her lover. "Hey, you ok?"

Kate just 'hmmps' and Ariana looks at Burke, who just shrugs as if he doesn't know and sips his coffee. ‘Geez, what a pair.' Ariana thinks.

"Drink some juice Kate. Hmm? You didn't drink anything all morning." Ariana urges Kate.

Burke looks at Ariana's attempts to get Kate to respond and thinks he made a mistake coming here. Perhaps Kate is right and she is indeed better off without him. Clearly she's still very upset with him and her mother.

"So uh, how did you two meet?" He asks Ariana, feigning some happy curiosity.

"At work," Ariana beams. "We had lunch almost every time together until I, eh, pretended to be sick and she saved me."

"Saved you huh? From what? Being kidnapped?" Burke jokingly asks.

"Ehh… Something like that, more from myself. Anyway, she cared for me and took me to a beach resort to get better and while we were there we fell in love. Me first. Then her." Ariana tells it like it's a switch you flip in your brain.

"Wow, ok…" Burke says, thinking that's the weirdest story ever. He wonders what she's not telling him. "And when did you know she was the one for you?"

"Oh! We were in Miami and I had an accident and Kate took such good care of me… I knew then that nobody was ever going to love me like she does. She's my hero, you know?"

"Oh? That's sweet."

"Yes, but it took her more than a year to finally realize it herself and ask me to marry her…" Ariana pouts, poking Kate in her side.

"So your relationship is founded in calamity then?" Burke smirks.

"Ehh… What? Calamity?" Ariana looks confused. ‘What's calamity?' she thinks…

"That means emergencies or disasters," Kate mumbles, she turns to Ariana. "And no dad, our relationship is founded on love and mutual attraction…"

"Oh I didn't mean anything bad with it… Tons of people meet in times of disaster or distress and stick together." He counters, "Anyway, you look very young. How old are you? Lisa says you're Japanese? Do you have a student visa or something?"

"Dad…" Kate starts to say, her eyes flickering with anger. But Ariana interrupts. "Make a guess."

"Ehh, about 20 and a student visa." He guesses. "Some kind of exchange program…" He adds.

The women stare at him. "Right… I'll go to the restroom." Kate quietly says, she's had enough of this nonsense.

Ariana looks after Kate, then at Burke and defiantly says, "You're not very nice you know? Asking your stupid questions when you already know everything from Lisa. All Kate wants is her parents back. Why can't you be nice to her and accept her for who she is?"

He looks at her with wondrous eyes. "It's not me who rejected her. Her mother did."

Ariana squints her eyes, "And so what? You were still absent for more than two years. And she's not here now. Can't you be nice and sincere?" Ariana fumes. "I'm not some dumb immigrant, ok? Think about what you're doing here."

Ariana gets up and heads to the restroom to check on Kate.

Kate is loitering around in the little space between the mens room and womens toilets. "Kate! Are you ok?" Ariana blurts out seeing her angry face.

"I'm going to kill him if he goes on like that. Let's go home babe. This was a mistake…" Kate fumes.

"I told him he should be nicer but I don't know what to do Kate…" Ariana says with a sad voice. "He's not as nice as I thought."

"Right? Fuck him. Come, we're going home." Kate decides. "As soon as we can."

They head back to their table, Kate's dad is sitting there innocently sipping his coffee. "I'm sorry Kate" He starts, "It's just awkward like this. You know, you and, eh, your wife, instead of a man."

"What do you want dad? Why are you here? Like, really." Kate insists.

"I just wanted to see the happy couple." He says.

"Uh-huh, you can report to mom what a fucking failure her daughter is for being happy. And you can tell all your stupid church friends what a lost soul I am."

Kate breathes in deep and continues, "It's all true. Promising daughter led astray, turned lesbian and throwing her life away." She scoffs. "And if you must know, I'm more happy and fulfilled than you two ever could be."

Several people at the surrounding tables look up disturbed by Kate's little rant.

And to Ariana, "Come babe, we're going." She grabs her jacket and pulls Ariana along who sticks out her tongue at Burke who sits there staring at Kate with a sad frown on his face.

"That was so awkward," Ariana grins when they're outside. "And what was the point of that rant?"

"I don't know. I'm just angry. Come, let's go do something fun and forget about him." Kate stops on the corner and pulls Ariana close. "Hey, don't feel bad, ok? I wasn't myself."

"I noticed," Ariana smirks. She hugs Kate tightly. "I've never seen you like this. Maybe one day they'll be nice, hm?"

"Yea maybe…" Kate has no hope for that, but who knows.

On their way home Ariana looks over her shoulder. "Shouldn't a real father come after us now and apologize or something? Wouldn't that ease your mind?"

"Hah, yeah, some will do that I guess. And yes, that would help." Kate thinks.

"Very awkward." Ariana says again. "So weird."

Back home, Ariana seduces Kate to follow her to bed and asks her boss to do as she pleases with her. Kate looks at her weird and quickly takes control of her lover. Ariana is way too forward today. Locking her arms and legs together with the leather cuffs, she restrains Ariana and makes her suffer for the next two hours as she is relentlessly teased with the vibrator while Kate sits on her face demanding an orgasm.

Ariana works hard to please her, but only being able to use her tongue while being distracted by the vibrator that's humming inside her on the lowest setting it's tough going.

When Kate finally orgasms with a quiet sigh and shudder she drops forward and returns the favor to Ariana, in a 69 position she laps at her girls pussy while fingering her.

Ariana's moans are muffled by Kate's crotch. Finally they're both satisfied and Kate lays down next to her lover. After a few minutes Kate gets them a drink and feeds Ariana hers, refusing to release her.

That evening they went to Domino's for pizza and cola. Annoying the staff by smooching in the corner of the waiting area.

Burke reports to his wife that Kate was not very happy and walked out on them but that Ariana seems much friendlier.

#### **2 - Demo tent**

A few days later Ariana sits chained in her chair again, she's distracted with the clouds outside, thinking they look just like the ones in the intro of the simpsons. Kate sits next to her helping her with a complex accounting problem. Ariana had tried it herself but she can't figure it out.

Kate scratches her head and declares the issue unfixable. "You need more data to fix this. All these…" She points at a list of numbers, "They're not in the receipts you got. So we can't account for them. That's why you can't make it work…"

Ariana says she'll post a message to her employer asking for more information.

A message pings into Kate's phone. It's from her dad. He says he is sorry for handling their meeting so badly and wants to do it again some time. Maybe he can bring his wife and Lisa along and make it a family thing.

Kate reads the message several times and resists the urge to throw her phone over the balcony railing before deleting the message.

Ariana sees Kate's face turn to anger and wants to know what's wrong.

"Just telemarketing spam." Kate lies, looking away from Ariana. Immediately feeling bad for lying to her. She hates having secrets like this, but doesn't want to talk about it and get into an argument.

A little while later the two head out to get groceries and to look at a tent for their camping adventure idea. At the camping store they're overwhelmed, or spoiled for choice rather. The women know nothing about camping so picking any tent and a large two person sleeping bag will suffice, or so they assume. A sales guy steps up asking what weather and environment they're planning to camp in. "Ehh, summer? And in the forest. Why?" Kate asks.

"Well," comes the answer, "These sleeping bags are for cold weather. And for cold weather you should also get an isolated mattress."

"Ehh, OK?" Kate says, "But we're going in summer." She repeats herself, wondering what kind of mad person wants to sleep in a tent in winter.

"Then, let's say we want to go next week, one tent, share the sleeping bag and we need everything for a comfortable few days in the woods."

"Hah…" the guy smirks, "Comfortable camping. Have you ever seen a tent from the inside? Or make a fire?"

"Nope…" Kate confidently says.

Ariana meanwhile is looking around, she's not so sure about camping and is more concerned about mosquito repellent, a flashlight and making fire easily. Bringing a pan and a fork and practical things like that.

She always thought making fire is done with a lighter and is overwhelmed by the amount of ways to set fire to things. Thinking it's all modernist nonsense. Same with the amount of types of cutlery, folding cups and sporks. ‘What's wrong with just a fork and spoon?' she thinks.

Kate and the sales guy argue over what ‘comfortable camping' means, as Kate doesn't want folding chairs and portable campfires or any of that. Some kind of gas cooker, a soft sleeping bag and a tent should suffice for starters.

Eventually she gives up on the sales guy telling him she’ll figure it out and she goes to find Ariana who is trying out a folding chair.

"Look Kate, these are nice…" Ariana says, "They're in pink too. We can look at the sunset sitting in this."

"Yes but if we go hiking into the forest we can't carry chairs babe." Kate tells her.

"Oh, we're not camping near the car?"

"Hmm, I don't know. I always assumed we'd find a nicer place away in nature." Kate imagines.

"But then we need lightweight everything…" Ariana says, not wanting to carry heavy gear through a forest.

"Yea I guess." Kate admits. Clearly she hasn't thought her idea through.

Seeing nobody around, Kate whispers to Ariana, "Let's try a sleeping bag…"

Crawling into a demo tent with a xxl sleeping bag she motions Ariana inside. They huddle together in the tent and Kate fidgets with the zipper of the door. When it's closed she helps Ariana unfold the sleeping bag, "That's going to be cozy, huh?"

"It's extra large…" Ariana points at the label. "It should fit for us, I'm only small and you're like a medium…"

Kate grins and worms herself into the thing, Ariana unzips it a bit and lies down next to Kate zipping them in.

"That's very warm…" Ariana whispers. "Very confined too. I can barely move."

Kate laughs quietly, "Surely you don't mind feeling stuck, hm?"

Ariana says nothing but the look in her eyes says enough, she likes the tight embrace.

"I think we need an even bigger one if we're going to share…" Kate says "And this tent? It's big enough for us right?"

Ariana looks around in the tent, there is a narrow strip of empty floor alongside them but that's about it. ‘Whatever,' she thinks. Turning her head back to Kate, she kisses her lover. "Just hold me, please…" She whispers.

Kate wraps her arm around Ariana, her other arm wanders under her shirt, slipping into her shorts. "Oh, you… You're already wet you little slut." Kate whispers with a grin.

Ariana giggles and mmpfs as Kate strokes her wet lips. Pressing a kiss on Kate's cheek. "This is so hot. Nobody sees us but everyone can hear us…"

Footsteps come closer and a female voice asks, "This one?"

"Yea they come in woodland camouflage too, right?" A male voice asks.

"Sure do," The female voice confirms. A rustling at the tent's opening, and the zip is pulled open. A woman peers inside at the startled girls. "Oh, hello…" She says, and looks away embarrassed.

Ariana stifles a scream and hides under Kate's arm. Kate looks at the woman and mumbles a sorry, her head beet red.

"Ehh, I'll leave you to it." And the tent is zipped shut.

"It's occupied," They hear her hushed voice and a giggle outside the tent. "I'll show you the other model first, over there."

They hear footsteps moving away and it becomes quiet.

Kate looks at Ariana and they burst out in a laugh. "Come, let's make our escape before someone kicks us out…" Kate whispers.

Ariana zips the bag open and sticks her head outside the tent. She sees nobody. Kate is behind her and smacks her butt, "go!" She hears a hushed command from Kate. Crawling out, the girls quickly walk away to a different part of the store. "So, eh, we should make a list of what we need?" Kate suggests.

Ariana thinks they should just buy a camper van instead, like Kate wanted several months ago. Sleep in the forest in a bed, with a shower and kitchen… That's more her style she thinks.

"Just, just…" Kate complains, "Did you see what those vans cost? Some are over $100k…"

"Yea because we're so poor… What do you think a full camping set costs…" Ariana says.

"Not a hundred thousand I'm sure."

"And then, in a few months when you finally decide a camper van is what you want, we bought all this… Plus the van, much more expensive." Ariana argues.

Kate thinks about that, but for now she thinks a tent is worth it. They can always sell the camping gear she thinks.

Not finding a good fit they leave the store and buy their groceries. Ariana thinks Kate knows nothing about camping and is chasing a silly idea.

"And you? You know camping?" Kate calls her out.

"No, but I already think a van is better… Just think about it." Ariana says.

"I will, I will." Kate says thoughtfully, "To be continued…"

#### **3 - Making camp**

A week or so later Kate has it all figured out. A tent, a roomy sleeping bag for both of them. A thin inflatable mattress. Some cooking things and accessories to eat with, and a flashlight. It all fits in two hikers backpacks too. And Ariana can carry the food in whatever space is left in her backpack. Kate is very pleased with herself, and it will only cost a few thousand bucks to buy it all.

She talks Ariana into going soon, they find a lake a few hours away which according to Maps has nice views and allows for swimming. They can park the car somewhere and hike the few kilometers to a camping spot.

Ariana is excited by the promise of adventure and is caught up in Kate's enthusiasm, both are looking forward to the trip.

That Friday they head to various outdoor equipment stores and buy everything from Kate's list. Settling on a compact, lightweight wine red tent. Ariana finds an even bigger sleeping bag that's actually designed for two persons. And doing a quick test fit, they like the size. They can't stop touching each other while in there and spend way too much time screwing around, much to the chagrin of the sales girl.

Ariana had insisted on a little gas cooker so she can make dinner and not worry about fire. And Kate wants to bring a pile of instant pasta and rice meals for them, she saw that online. Just add water…

Ariana picks a few pasta flavors to try but also thinks they should bring a few potatoes, bread and cucumber and tomatoes anyway, because she actually likes to cook.

Despite the advice from the camping store staff they decide granola bars and such are dumb and instead intend on bringing crackers and a jar of jam or honey or something.

The following Monday they head off on their adventure. But not before Kate bolts Ariana's collar around her neck. "I'll leave the screwdriver here." Kate informs her lover. "So there will be no way to remove it until we get home."

Ariana nods with uncertain eyes but doesn't object to it.

A few minutes later they're heading north from the city in the car. The women look for the road that ends near the lake. Kate plans for them to hike the last few kilometers to the actual lake. Arriving at the parking spot there are no other cars. Optimistic about their silly plan they head into the woods.

Ariana is soon tired from carrying her pack, Kate doesn't mind the weight of her pack much, she'd been going to the gym for years. But Ariana doesn't, and as a result she doesn't have much upper body strength or stamina. Every few minutes she pants and complains and needs to take a break.

Checking her map, Kate soon discovers that a centimeter on Google Maps does not equal a kilometer and they end up walking almost eight kilometers before they finally reach the lake. With a complaining Ariana in tow she steps out from the bushes onto a clearing right on the edge of the lake and decides they have arrived.

It's beautiful here.

"Whoa, look how clear the water is. And the view! Nice!" Kate exclaims.

"Whatever…" Ariana gasps out of breath, dropping her pack. "Can I go to sleep now? I'm fucking tired. That was way more than two or three kilometers Kate."

"But look babe, look how nice it is here…" Kate excitedly gestures to the water.

Ariana doesn't care for now. She just wants to sit and close her eyes while catching her breath. She sits leaning against a tree and refuses to move.

Kate meanwhile feels her ‘cave woman' awaken. Enjoying her vacation very much so far. The fresh air, lush nature around them. It's great.

She fumbles with the tent and after some fiddling she manages to put it together. Pointing the entrance to the lake. She then puts their things inside and inflates the air mattress they brought. "Mmhm…" She hums to herself pleased with her efforts.

Ariana sits slumped against a tree and has trouble staying awake. Her legs hurt from all the walking and her shoulders ache from the backpack.

Kate busies herself with setting up camp and tries her hand at making one of the pasta meals. She also tries to make a fire for the night, she read that the smoke keeps mosquitoes away, and just having a fire for the evening would be nice.

When there is a smoldering tiny fire going on she focuses on Ariana, crouching down next to her and stroking her face. "Hey babe, come, go make the bed and you can lie down. I'm making dinner."

Ariana nods and glances over the darkening water. "It is pretty here…" She mumbles and drops down on the air mattress.

Kate frowns and finishes cooking. The girls ‘enjoy' their first dinner in the forest. Undercooked pasta with gummy bits of meat.

"How long did you cook it Kate? This is terrible."

"Eh, a couple of minutes?" Kate guesses.

"Pasta needs at least six or eight minutes to cook…" Ariana complains.

"Oh, right… I forgot about that." Kate looks silly.

"I'll cook from now on, ok?" Ariana grins at Kate. "You just go enjoy your nature or whatever."

The girls sit next to the fire for the next hour and Ariana's mood improves by the minute. It's so quiet and dark here. It's intimidating, she thinks. "Aren't you scared?" She asks Kate.

"No, why?" Kate asks.

"It's very dark… What's behind that tree? We can't even see?" Ariana points at a tree three meters or so away.

"Hmm…" Kate considers her surroundings, "Yea that's a bit unnerving I guess." She laughs nervously. "But I'm sure we're very much alone."

Ariana stares at Kate's face, glowing orange in the light of the fire. "You're very pretty in orange, you know?"

"Oh?"

Ariana leans into Kate, "Let's go to bed. I want you to hold me."

"Ehh, sure, go prepare the sleeping bag, I'll be right in." Kate tells Ariana.

Ariana goes inside the tent and looks for their lantern, finally finding it in the pointy top of the tent where Kate had hung it earlier she clicks it on. Kate meanwhile has extinguished the fire. Ariana unrolls the sleeping bag and zips it open. She feels like being naked, and crawls into the bed without underwear.

When Kate comes in Ariana looks at Kate undressing and wanting to join her in her panties. "No clothes allowed, Kate." Ariana whispers with a playful smile. Her eyes fixed on Kate's face.

"Oh, it's like that huh?" Kate smirks and takes off her underwear and joins Ariana. She pulls Ariana close. "How was your day sweetie?" She thinks Ariana is not really enjoying herself so far.

"Shut up Kate…" Ariana mutters and she presses her lips on Kate's.

The women kiss each other and Kate reaches down, slowly fingering Ariana, causing her to whimper and squirm. "Oh Kate…" She moans quietly. Quickly reaching her orgasm as Kate rubs her pussy faster and faster.

Ariana sighs and moans quietly and finally rolls on her back with a tired and content look on her face. "Fuck…" She mumbles half asleep.

Kate wipes her fingers on her shirt and crawls half on top of Ariana, making herself comfortable. After a few minutes she asks, "How do you like it so far?"

"You're awesome baby." Ariana mumbles. "Every time…"

"No I mean, our adventure, dummy…" Kate smirks.

"Oh, it's ok I guess… Much more tiring than I thought. The backpack is too heavy." Ariana complains.

Kate hmms. They soon fall asleep together, leaving their light on.

#### **4 - Servant in the bushes**

The next day Kate wakes up very early from a noisy pair of birds. She gets out of the sleeping bag careful to not disturb her lover and crouches next to it. She admires Ariana's cute face for a moment.

Slowly she unzips the tent, half expecting a bear or some kind of animal to sit in front of it. But nothing or nobody is in sight. She steps out of the tent, still naked, and looks around.

"Whoa… So beautiful." She whispers to herself. Stretching with a groan she admires the morning sun shining through the trees and the clear lake water with some fog floating above it are quite beautiful.

She runs to the water and jumps in.

If she could recoil and bounce back she would. "Fuck! Fuck! That's cold!" She shrieks. The big splash has awoken Ariana who sticks her head out the tent seeing Kate wade to the shore.

"How is it? Kate?" Ariana calls out.

"Quick, quick, bring a towel. It's fucking cold…" Kate gasps with clattering teeth.

Ariana laughs at her silly wife and digs up the turkish blanket they brought. Stepping out naked she unfolds it to catch Kate and wrap the blanket around her. "Here, sit, I'll make a fire so you can warm up." Ariana says.

She throws leaves and little sticks in a pile and tries to light it. "How does that work?" Ariana asks Kate.

"Just hold the lighter at it until you have some small flames and then put bigger stuff on it." Kate instructs her.

A gust of wind causes some leaves to ignite too quickly and one blows inside the tent. Kate jumps up and slaps the leaves while yelling "Nononono". A small burn appears on the floor of the tent.

Ariana stops making fire, wishing she could just turn up a heater, and tells Kate to huddle under the blanket with her. The two sit pitying themselves under the blanket, sharing body warmth.

"Maybe the fire should be more than a meter from the tent?" Ariana thinks.

"Yeah, that's probably smart." Kate says with a sigh. "We kinda suck at this hm?"

Ariana giggles and jokes, "Should have bought a van then…"

"Yeah yeah, genius… You know everything." Kate retorts, irritated.

Ariana kisses Kate on her nose. "Don't be upset baby, we'll just fix the tent and move the fire…"

"Uh-huh…" Kate grumbles, miffed at the damage to her expensive tent.

Across the lake two hunters also heard the loud splash. Looking across the water with his binoculars one of them sees a flash of blonde hair followed by a yelp.

"Yep, that's cold…" One says.

The other asks, "What's there?"

"Woman. Blonde." He says in reply. Followed by, "Naked…"

"What? Let me see?" He reaches for the binoculars but is denied a look-see.

"Let's go closer. This ought to be fun. Couple of chicks out camping. Their camp looks like shit." The one with the binoculars grins.

The men make their way around the lake until they're under a thick bush, only a few meters away from Ariana and Kate. They see the couple huddled under a blanket whispering together.

Ariana gets up from under the blanket and crawls into the tent. The men gawk at her naked body and enjoy the view. It's been weeks since they saw any good looking women like this.

A few minutes later she comes out dressed in leggings and a shirt and starts to chop a cucumber and a tomato and makes a simple salad with it. Kate sits under the blanket and enjoys the view. A few minutes later the ‘salad' is ready and Ariana prepares a few slices of bread, putting honey on it.

"Here Kate, eat something. I made breakfast."

"Thanks…" Kate mumbles, biting in her slice of bread. They both prick in the salad bowl with forks and eat everything.

"What are we doing today?" Ariana asks.

"Ehh… See that mountain? We can walk there, a little up the side… Supposedly there is a path with a view. Or we can lounge around here and swim…" She points at the cold water. "Or just explore the area a bit, walk around the lake or something."

Ariana Hmms, thinking about the limited options. "Maybe I'll stay here and sleep a bit longer, I'll fix the tent… But you can go up that mountain if you want."

"Yea ok. I want to see a squirrel." Kate smiles. "You're sure you don't want to go?"

"No, that's fine. I'll guard the tent." Ariana says. She tidies up a bit and drops down on the sleeping bag. Vast asleep moments later.

"Some guard you are." Kate mocks her. She then looks for her shoes and starts exploring the area. Kate walks right past the two men hiding in the bushes but doesn't notice them.

Ariana sleeps for a while, but it's a restless sleep. About an hour later Ariana sits in her tent staring at the entrance, she feels that someone is nearby. Looking around carefully she sees nobody. No animals. No people. "Hello? Anyone out there?" She calls out. But there is no reply of-course.

Looking around one last time she looks for duct tape and sticks a big patch on the burn hole in the tent. She also sticks two strips on it from the underside. Pleased with the result Ariana moves the firepit a meter or two away from the tent. Scooping the ashes and burnt wood into the new spot. Feeling dirty when she's done she wants a shower and again longs for the comforts a camper van would offer. Instead she sits next to the lake and washes her hands in it.

Kate meanwhile is much less productive or happy. She doesn't find any squirrels or trails, but instead stumbles through bushes and over logs. Eventually she ends up in the remains of a camp with fresh footprints, some pointing towards the lake.

Convinced someone is nearby she feels a lot less safe all of the sudden. Continuing her trek around the water she then steps out onto a clearing and sees Ariana in the distance washing her hands or something. Seeing her lover cheers her up enough to forget the old camp behind her.

Staring longingly across the water for a moment she continues along the edge of the lake until she reaches their tent.

Ariana jumps up seeing Kate. "Kate! Kate!" She hushes. "Someone is nearby. I can feel it."

"Maybe one of your ghosts?" Kate tries with a smirk, trying to make a joke.

"No, this is different. I feel like someone is watching us." Ariana says with a serious voice.

The two men in the bushes take this as their cue to quietly disappear, with the women dressed and not doing much there isn't much to see anyway.

They return to their own camp which is almost a kilometer past their old camp, the one Kate found.

Kate frowns and considers telling Ariana about the camp she found. But she doesn't want to worry her for nothing. "Let's see how it goes. Alright? I'm sure it's nothing…" Kate assures her. "Come let's swim, maybe the water is nicer now."

Ariana nods and goes looking for her swimsuit. Kate doesn't care for swimsuits and just jumps in naked again. Dropping her clothes in the grass on the edge of the water. "Come Ariana! Jump in!" She calls out to Ariana, who shyly peeks out of the tent.

Seeing Kate in the water she decides to go naked as well and runs to the shoreline and jumps into the water. "Oww, fuck! Cold!" She exclaims as she comes up for air.

"Yea but it's alright when you've been in for a minute." Kate promises. She grabs at Ariana's arm and pulls her away from the shore. "Look how nice everything looks," She grins, leaning her forehead against Ariana's, staring into her eyes.

"Yes, yes… You like to see me naked… I get it…" Ariana laughs.

The women kiss while trying to keep their heads above the water. When they’re done swimming and frolicking around Ariana feels too cold and steps out of the water, grabbing the blanket she hung out to dry that morning. Kate soon follows and the couple sits on the shore under the blanket looking at the mountain across the lake.

"Tomorrow I want to go find that lookout point." Kate says, "I want to go together."

"How high is that?" Ariana wants to know.

"Oh I don't know. We'll see." Kate says. "But you should come along. It'll be fun."

"I'll go make dinner," Ariana says, changing the subject. She doesn't feel like climbing a mountain.

A few minutes later she boils water and Ariana cooks noodles. Just simple pot noodles, adding the little sachet with spices. In some aluminium foil she bakes the last potato in the fire Kate had lighted.

"No meat again," Ariana grumbles. She loves eating meat.

Half an hour later the potato is ready, and the women eat in silence. Without any salt or ketchup it's a bland meal.

When it gets dark an hour later they hide in the tent. Mostly from the mosquitos. Ariana hugs Kate and they cling to each other as they fall asleep.

#### **5 - Going for a hike**

The next morning Kate wakes up at the crack of dawn again and sits on the edge of the lake looking at the sun peeking over the trees. She loves it out here, it's so peaceful and relaxed. She could live like this, she thinks.

Ariana dreams of men coming into their camp and stealing their food and tent. It's not a nice dream and she twists and turns in the sleeping bag causing a lot of rustling noises.

Sitting near the water Kate finally sees her squirrel. Its fluffy tail is clearly visible as it runs up into a nearby tree. She smiles at the little animal and tries to take a photo, before she can unlock her phone the little critter is out of sight.

Testing the water with her toe she thinks it's still too cold and rubs her arms and legs to warm up. "Better get dressed," she mumbles to herself.

Crawling into the tent she's pulled in by Ariana. Kate yelps as she drops on top of Ariana, who ‘oompfs' by the weight being dumped on her. Kate struggles to position herself and looks in Ariana's eyes wondering what has gotten into her.

"Morning…mmpf" Kate mumbles as Ariana kisses her on her lips.

"Hold me Kate," Ariana whispers. "I had a bad dream…"

Kate rolls off of Ariana and leans on her elbow. "Let's sit in the sun outside." She suggests.

"But the men?" Ariana says with a worry. "Maybe they'll be back…"

"What men? There are no men… I didn't hear or see anything so far." Kate assures her. "Come, go make some breakfast and I'll get dressed."

Ariana sighs, "Yeah ok." She looks around in the messy tent, looking for a shirt and her leggings.

Kate grins at her, pressing a kiss on her forehead. "Don't worry, ok? Just poke them with the breadknife if anyone comes too close or something."

Ariana nods with a vague smile. "And bury them in the woods…" She yawns. "Hey, do you still want to climb the mountain?"

"Yes, if you're up for it?" Kate cheerful replies.

"I'm still tired and hungry…" Ariana complains. Not really enjoying their camping so far. She misses their big bed, good food and the internet.

"Oh, come, a bit of a walk will do you good. I'll make it exciting for you…" Kate laughs with a smile.

Ariana says nothing and puts on her shirt before going outside to make breakfast. She chops up the last bit of cucumber which is getting mushy. And smears honey on some crackers with a sigh.

"I'll eat a big fat steak when we get back, with a side of bacon and lasagna on top. All for myself…" Ariana calls out to Kate.

Kate laughs. "Yeah, lasagna sounds good…" The women love lasagna. "And wine. We should have brought a bottle."

Kate joins Ariana outside and they sit next to each other looking at the mountain. Eating crackers covered in honey.

"This food sucks hm?" Ariana mumbles with her mouth full. "I mean, it's sweet and that's nice. But it's not a good breakfast."

"Yea yea, camping is terrible…" Kate laughs. "Should have brought a van with a kitchen, eh?"

"Yea, I think. It's much more fun that way." Ariana fantasizes. "At least more comfortable… I could be here for weeks if it was more comfortable."

They finish their crackers and Ariana cleans up the breakfast bits and bobs.

Kate meanwhile tries to think of a way to make things more fun for her lover. Admitting in her head that their first camping trip, while peaceful, is lacking a few things. A plan for starters. And they should have brought better food. Maybe something to do like a small game or a ball. Or even a book…

She then decides to tie Ariana up for the day, maybe that'll cheer her up. Kate rummages through the tent and looks for its pouch to find a spare cord. That'll work, she thinks.

"Hey babe?" Kate calls out.

"Hmm?"

"Are you ready for a walk?" Kate asks.

"Almost. I just need my shoes." Ariana says.

"Ok, let's go then. Just throw everything inside the tent and out of sight." Kate says pulling the bag with pasta meals inside.

Ariana puts on her shoes and wants to know which way they're going.

"Close your eyes…" Kate instructs Ariana.

Ariana does as she's told and Kate slips the doubled up cord through the steel loop on her collar and wraps the loop in a triple figure eight around her wrists, pulling it tight-ish. Then she pulls the rope up through the collar loop so her wrists are pretty much touching her collar. Finally Kate makes a simple knot so her hands can't be lowered, but keeps the length of the excess cord as a leash.

"There," Kate says, "Now just follow me, ok?"

Ariana looks down in disbelief. "Just like that huh?" She mutters, miffed at herself that she let herself be captured so quickly and easily. With her fingers she can sort of cradle her chin. But there are no knots she can undo so there is no escape.

Kate laughs at her frown. "Do you prefer to be free?"

"Just go Kate. I'll follow" Ariana says, her voice trembling with hidden excitement.

"Love you babe. Really…" Kate whispers at her, pressing a kiss on her cheek. "Let me know if it's uncomfortable, ok?"

The two grin at each other and Kate leads the way towards the mountain. Hoping she can find the viewpoint she read about. Ariana stumbles after her trying not to slip.

It takes them almost three hours, Kate had to catch Ariana a few times or she would have slipped off the vague trail they're following. Finally they reach a sort of plateau with a big rock jutting out from the mountain. It looks just like what Kate saw on Maps. "This is it!" She announces.

They carefully walk around the rock and look over the valley. "Whoa, that's a nice view." Ariana calls out.

"Indeed it is." Kate confirms. "And not a single bit of civilization in sight… Imagine that." She laughs. Ariana fidgets with her bondage. "Is it not too tight?" Kate inquires.

"No, it's fine. But it's also kinda pointless." Ariana thinks.

"Oh? Are you not nice and helpless?" Kate smirks.

"I am…" Ariana says looking out over the valley.

"Then it's not useless." Kate ties the thin rope around a branch out of Ariana's reach. "Wait here. I'll be back in ten minutes or so."

"Kate? What?" Ariana calls after her lover. "Hey?"

Kate just looks over her shoulder and winks, before stepping around the rock and she's gone.

"What the fuck? Why?" Ariana complains to herself. Now she's all alone on a mountain side, tied up. "Stupid Kate… What’s the point of this?" She mutters. But she knows the answer. If Kate doesn't return she can't get free, nobody is here to help her. She's stuck and helpless without her lover. And it turns her on. Kate knows that.

Kate simply sits on the other side of the rock enjoying the view. She's sure that if she calls out now that Ariana can easily hear her. But she doesn't call out, instead she sits in silence. Taking a few photos, a selfie. Looking at her map on her phone. After a while she goes further away from Ariana, climbing the mountain a little bit higher.

Ariana meanwhile gets restless. Kate had said ten minutes. ‘Surely it's been more than that now… Where is she?’ She nervously thinks while trying to sit down, but can't even do that as the rope is too short. Pulling free doesn't work either. The knot is out of reach and the branch too thick. She can't do anything but enjoy the view and wait.

What if the men from her dream found her now? She ponders the thought. Would she be robbed? Or raped… The thought excites her in a weird way, but it scares her as well. Excited for being helpless, but scared for everything else.

A few minutes later Kate finally returns and hugs her tightly. "Hey! How's the view?"

"It's nice, but can you untie me now?"

"Why?" Kate asks.

"I'm stuck. You've made your point… I'm at your mercy."

"Hmm, but I'm sure you can stay tied up for a little longer. No?" Kate thinks out loud.

Ariana says nothing, Kate knows she likes this. Being denied her freedom, emphasizing her helplessness. Really the only thing missing is the remote vibrator and it's just like home.

Kate is in control and teasing her with her words.

"Look there," Kate says. She points at a far away mountain.

Just as Ariana looks in that direction her leggings are pulled down and she feels Kate's mouth on her pussy. A moan escapes a surprised Ariana.

Unable to stop what her lover is doing she stands there helpless, getting extremely turned on while leaning against her tree. Kate works hard to give Ariana her pleasure by licking her lips and sucking on her clitoris. Bringing Ariana to a fairly quick orgasm.

"Mmmmm yessss, fuck yeeesss!" Ariana moans as she bucks her hips. Standing on weak legs Ariana looks at Kate with glassy eyes. "Whoa…" She mumbles after a few seconds.

Kate unties Ariana from the tree and the two sit down, looking at the view for a few minutes. Ariana is taking deep breaths to try and control her breathing. Nothing needs to be said as she leans on Kate's shoulder with a grin on her face.

After a few minutes Kate asks, "How do you feel? Strong enough to head down to the tent?"

Ariana nods affirmatively and the women get up. Kate helps Ariana to her feet and pulls her along.

Back at the tent Kate drives a stick into the ground. Right in front of the tent and ties Ariana's cord to it. "See? Now you can go in the tent and sleep. Or you can sit in the sun… Free to do what you want…" Kate laughs at her.

"Yes boss…" Ariana timidly says. She'd given up on asking to be released as Kate just playfully tells her silly reasons why she can't be free. It's making her feel extra helpless.

On their way down she needed to pee and Kate had to assist her. Kate had wiped her bottom with a big leaf. They had both giggled at the stupid basicness of camping.

She pulls on the stick but it's firmly stuck in the ground. Ariana quietly sits for a few minutes but after a while decides she wants to take a nap. The adventure up the mountain and back was quite a trek.

Kate meanwhile lounges around in the sun, sunbathing topless while looking at the photos she took on her phone. Soon after, her phone battery dies. Kate grumbles for a moment, wishing there was a tree with a power outlet nearby. Battery banks… another thing she didn't think about.

When dinner time comes, she releases Ariana and the two make pasta. Having another average meal while coming up with outlandish improvements for their next camping adventure.

As soon as it gets dark the women head into their tent. It's pitch black as their lantern had also ran out of battery from the night before.

Kate is feeling around in the dark and fingers Ariana, making her moan and squirm. It's so dark in the tent that Ariana can't see Kate at all. It's like she's wearing her leather hood. Ariana feels tired from today's hike and she really wants to sleep but she's kept awake by Kate. Just as Ariana moans and gasps and is ready to orgasm, Kate stops.

"Kate!" Ariana hushes. "No, please do more…"

"Maybe in a minute." She hears from the dark.

"Kaahaate! Please…" Ariana whines.

Kate laughs and starts stroking her again. Bringing her to new heights in minutes. Gently fingering Ariana at a steady pace. But as she starts squirming and gasping again, Kate again stops.

"Owwww! Kate!" Ariana whines, reaching for her crotch. But Kate stops her from touching herself.

When Ariana calms down a bit, Kate again starts her fingering routine. But this time she doesn't stop. Ariana squirms and gasps, fearing the worst. But this time it doesn't stop and she tenses up and sighs with a loud "oooohhhmmmm!"

Just as Kate stops and wants to tell Ariana she should finger her, there is a loud racket outside the tent and rustling of plastic. The noise lingers around the tent opening and the girls stare in the dark frozen with fear. After a few seconds the noise moves away, rustling branches and after a minute it's quiet again.

"What the hell was that?" Ariana whispers.

"I don't know… Maybe a bear? Are there bears here?" Kate wonders.

They don't know.

"Go look Kate… I'm scared." Ariana urges Kate to do something.

"We have no light Ariana. What would I do against a bear?" Kate counters.

"Just make sure it's gone…" Ariana demands. "And I want to go home."

Kate sighs and unzips the tent but of-course sees nothing. "Nothing here babe. Just moonlight."

Ariana's mind is not put at ease and for hours the two hold on to each other in the sleeping bag. Ariana flinches at every sound until Kate finally falls asleep. Not having heard a thing for hours. She's convinced whatever walked past is long gone. Ariana can't stay awake either, and eventually she too falls asleep.

#### **6 - Scared in the bushes**

The next morning Kate wakes up first again and carefully looks outside the tent in the morning light. She sees no animal prints, but large boot prints. Someone was here last night. Inspecting their camp she notices the plastic bag with all the pasta meals and crackers is gone.

Sighing, she realizes they've been robbed and need to head back to civilization because they have nothing to eat now.

Kate sticks her head into the tent and gently wakes Ariana who sits up rubbing her eyes and yawns heavily. "Hey Kate," she groans. "Good morning?"

"Ariana, sweetie, we have to go. We've been robbed. Go prepare your things and pack the bag." Kate tells Ariana.

"Huhwhat? Why?" Ariana yawns again.

"Someone took all our food. Go pack our things and we'll go back to town." Kate informs her.

"Oh right…" Ariana says. "I'll make breakfast." Not fully getting what Kate is saying.

"We have no food Ariana… We have to go." And Kate goes to gather their stuff that's strewn around the tent entrance.

Ariana comes out a moment later and looks around for the plastic bag that holds their food. "Hey, where is the food?" She calls out to Kate who sits on the edge of the water cleaning a pot.

Kate sighs, "Don't you get it? It's stolen… I told you twice already." She snaps at her lover. "Go pack up and stop asking stupid questions!" She's frustrated by Ariana not getting what happened.

Ariana says nothing and dives back into the tent to pack their bags, stuffing clothes and accessories into the bags.

20 minutes later Kate is struggling with the tent to fit it in its pouch and curses the world, hating the fact that they can't even be safe in the wilderness, away from people. When she finally manages to fit the tent into its packaging they can leave.

Kate loops one of the tent lines through Ariana's collar as a leash and off they go. They're stared after by the two hunters who are hiding in the bushes again. They had returned after enjoying their new stash of pasta to see what the women would do. They try to hold their laugh at Kate's leash.

"Why do you think that is?" One grins.

"Dunno, maybe she's an illegal immigrant slave girl without a passport?" The other speculates.

They both grin at the absurdity of it.

"So uh, why do you think they suddenly left?"

"I guess we took all of their food, or they got scared after last night." The other shrugs. He was hoping to see another naked swim today.

Kate is none too happy and tugs on Ariana's improvised leash, pulling her along. Setting a quick pace that Ariana barely can keep up with. "Kate, slow down…" She keeps complaining.

But Kate isn't paying too much attention to her lover and just keeps on going. An irrational urge to get back to her car has come over Kate.

About halfway to the car Ariana is so tired that she desperately needs a rest and pulls back on the rope and refuses to move until they rest for a few minutes. "Kate!" Ariana whines. "Fucking stop! I'm tired!"

Kate looks over her shoulder and yanks on the rope, looking upset. But Ariana holds firm and pulls back. They have a little tug of war until Kate finally relents and drops her backpack to the ground.

"What's wrong with you Kate? Geez!" Ariana complains. She pulls out a drink and greedily drinks from the coca cola bottle. Holding out the bottle to Kate.

Kate says nothing at first and just sits next to her backpack, waiting for Ariana to be ready to go. After a few minutes she finally admits she's scared and feels they need to get the hell out of there.

"Why? It's just someone, or something, that took our food." Ariana says. She doesn't really share Kate's concern.

"Yes and what does that mean? If someone steals essential goods from someone else? They know we need the food ourselves and yet they take it and leave us to starve…" Kate grumbles.

Ariana hadn't thought of that. "But there's nobody here now. So don't rush it!" She re-assures Kate. "And my feet hurt…"

Kate is not so sure, she feels someone might as well steal her car. Call it a sense of foreboding. But she doesn't tell Ariana that. Ariana sits on Kate's lap, resting her head on Kate's shoulder, placing little kisses and suction marks on her neck as they rest for another 20 minutes.

After another two hours of hiking they finally get to the car, which is still there. No damage or missing wheels and Kate her worries were for nothing. According to the car clock it's only 11am.

With their escape now guaranteed Kate immediately feels better. "Hey let's go to a hotel near here and catch up on comforts. Rent a cabin or something. Remember we saw some signs on the way here?"

"Uh-huh!" Ariana nods excitedly "We can eat steak!"

Kate laughs and leans over the center console to kiss her lover. “Sorry about before, I was upset and worried…” She whispers as a sort of apology.

Ariana simply nods, “I know… It’s OK.”

Kate then maneuvers the car around and drives back to civilization. "So uh, do you think it's safer in a van?" She asks.

"Yes, of-course. You can lock the door on it." Ariana knows. "And we can have a fridge and bring better food. And maybe even have internet. And a shower, and a bed… It'll be much much more fun."

Kate agrees, but really all she really hears is that Ariana has expensive taste in campers. "Well, let's think about that." She says.

Ariana dozes off, leaving Kate to navigate and find a hotel. Along the national road Kate sees several signs advertising lakeside cabins and campgrounds and things like that. Thinking they can at least get some lunch, she turns into a driveway advertising a restaurant and is surprised by the nice area they’re entering. Arriving at the restaurant there is a sign saying ‘cabins’ that points to the left.

Without thinking too much about it she books one for the weekend, three nights, there is a bit of a discount on a three night stay. As she's filling out the paperwork at the reception Ariana wakes up and looks around. "Wow… Where are we now? Where is Kate?" She mumbles, seeing a hint of water through the trees. She looks at her phone, but her battery had also died.

Kate comes back to the car, "Hey babe. I've got a surprise for you." She announces, and she drives the car between the trees to a little bungalow.

"You found a hotel?" Ariana asks.

"Better, look. We'll be sleeping there for a few nights." She points at the bungalow.

It's like a log cabin with a patio in front of it overlooking a lake with a hammock hanging between two roof supports.

"Ohh, that's nice." Ariana approves. Her fabled steak with bacon and lasagna on top may just become a reality…

Ariana gets the key from Kate and goes to explore the little house. Kate meanwhile carries their stuff inside and takes stock of what they have and what the state of their camping gear is.

Ariana drops on the bed which is nice and soft. "Kate, come… The bed is sooooo nice." Having slept on a thin mattress for the past two nights, any bed feels nice, she thinks. "Mmmm" She moans to herself.

Exploring the rest of the cabin she finds there is a hot shower and a heater for the night. Even a little kitchen. "Hey Kate? Is there a restaurant? Or what do we do for eating?"

"I don't know yet sweetie. But there is a kitchen…" Kate replies.

"Yes but we don't have anything to cook…" Ariana says. "Let's find lunch, hm?"

The two head out and walk to the reception building which has a small, homey, restaurant. Ariana orders steak and potatoes. Kate chooses grilled fish with risotto. And each has a big glass of wine and a large cola.

When they're done eating they sit content with their full stomachs. "Ahhhh, so good" Arians moans feeling full. Kate agrees, best meal of the week.

Looking around there is a little supermarket kind of convenience store through a side door, where they buy a load of drinks and snacks. Ariana wants to go full grocery shopping and buy food for dinner but Kate thinks they can just eat here.

"But breakfast, right? I want to cook for you." Ariana argues.

Kate suggests that they do it half-half then. Breakfast or lunch at the cabin and a big dinner in the restaurant. Which is fine with Ariana. They buy bacon and eggs. Some bread and butter. And a bottle of wine on Kate's insistence.

Back at the cabin Kate declares she's going to enjoy the weekend and not do anything wild or intensive. She climbs in the hammock and promptly falls asleep, leaving Ariana to put away their groceries and unpack the bags.

"Geez, she's different lately." Ariana mutters to herself as she puts away their shopping. Considering that she likes adventurous Kate much more than burnout Kate.

Soon the cabin is all set up. Their phones are charging. Their clothes are on the shelf and Ariana heads to the bathroom to take a shower.

"Ahhh…" She relishes the hot water. Enjoying the strong burst of water on her nipples. Cupping her breasts, so the jet of water feels extra strong on them. Looking down she sees her nipples harden. Twisting and turning, Ariana has the jet blast her body in many places, ‘feels like a cheap massage’ she thinks.

Very different from the gentle rain shower they have at home.

Ariana then feels like exploring the area a bit, hoping that Kate wants to come along.

#### **7 - Cabin in the woods**

Kate does not want to come along. Or maybe she does, but she won't wake up. Ariana drapes a blanket over her wife and places a kiss on her forehead.

She first heads to the waterfront. Looking out over a nice lake surrounded by mountains covered in trees.

For some reason the area reminds her of her playing as a child in fields in Japan. Even though nothing looks like Japan.

Heading left, Ariana admires the big RVs and motorhomes that are dotted around between the trees. Some people are in tents as well. Tents are kinda lame, Ariana decides. Not nearly comfortable enough for her taste, the past few days being the best proof. Kate seems to like it though. She fidgets with the collar around her neck, trying to hide it by letting her hair loose, but she still feels like people are looking at it, even though nobody pays attention to her.

Walking away from where people are, Ariana follows the shoreline and looks at mallards swimming near the shore but soon feels like she has seen everything and heads back. Back at the cabin she sees Kate is still asleep.

Ariana carefully climbs into the hammock with her. Kate mumbles something and pulls Ariana close, but doesn't wake up. Soon they're both vastly asleep.

The weekend in the cabin is a bit of a blur of taking walks around the lake, feeding ducks and looking at the scenery.

The lack of city noise and nature surrounding her are really relaxing for Kate.

Kate does most of the exploring. She enjoys the forest a lot more than she anticipated. At first she wishes Ariana would come along on her walks, but being alone for a change gives her time to think about her life. While doing her soul searching she takes many pictures. She has a recurring thought about if she should finally look for a job again, or follow Ariana's wish and buy a camper or RV for them and travel the continent.

Ariana meanwhile enjoys the simple comforts of the cabin. She sleeps in like she normally does. Then, when she finally gets out of bed she usually makes a late breakfast for the both of them. Or if Kate is out and about she sits in the sun and plays with her phone. She also took a liking to sitting on the nearby lake shore looking for ducks and throwing pieces of bread at them.

Nice and simple, just how life should be.

On their last morning Kate decides on one last walk around the area before they head home after lunch. Ariana sleeps blissfully next to her with her hands tied to her collar. The excess rope is tied to the headboard of the bed. Sneaking out of bed Kate drinks the last of their apple juice and heads out to look at the morning sun over the water.

Nearing the end of the morning Ariana is rudely awakened by a tugging on her wrists. Blinking her sleepy eyes and coming to her wits she sees an unknown woman bent over her trying to undo her bondage. "Heywhaddayoudoin?" Ariana mumbles.

"Shh, shh, don't be scared. You're safe now." The woman hushes.

"Huh? Where is Kate?" Ariana tries to sit up but is hindered by her tied hands. She tries to scoot away from her.

The two look at each other. "Who are you? Why are you here?" Ariana wants to know.

"Don't be frightened, I'm here to save you…" She reaches for Ariana's arm trying to grab it.

"I'm not scared and I don't need saving. Go away or I'll scream!" Ariana tells the woman.

"Oh deary…"The woman looks at Ariana with worry, "You're safe now… Let me help you…"

"Safe? What? Who are you? Why are you here?" Ariana is getting angry now.

"I'm Meghan dear, from housekeeping? You're not kidnapped or something?"

"No! Leave me alone…" Ariana shouts at the woman.

"What's going on here?" A familiar voice interrupts.

"Kate!" Ariana exclaims. "Help me please." She looks annoyed at the intruder

"I uh, thought she's in trouble…" Meghan quietly says. "Tied up as she is."

Kate sighs and rushes to Ariana, "Are you ok? Do you need saving my love?"

"No!" Ariana yells upset, "I was sleeping and suddenly she's in my face. Totally intruding on our privacy."

Meghan realizes she made a mistake and starts to apologize. "I'm from Housekeeping. I saw you leave and went to clean the room." Meghan says again. "Just trying to help…"

"Just stay away until we check out." Kate rudely urges Meghan to go away.

"Yes, yes… I'm very sorry…" And Meghan makes her escape.

Kate shifts her attention back to Ariana, whispering, "Are you ok? Did she hurt you?"

"No, I'm fine, she tried to untie me or something… I don't know. She woke me up." Ariana softly replies.

Kate hugs her lover and wishes for a normal week for once. Why must something weird always happen to them? The women hug in silence and when they're done, Kate unties Ariana and massages her wrists. "Go make something to eat, ok? We'll head home after."

Ariana nods and heads to the kitchen area to prepare the last bacon and eggs. No annoying Meghans are in sight. She hates being discovered in their bondage games. That's very private to Ariana, but luckily this time she wasn't naked.

Kate meanwhile gathers all their stuff and tries to fit everything in their backpacks and a plastic bag from the convenience store. Somehow nothing fits and in a fit of frustration she throws her clothes across the room with an angry growl.

Ariana hears Kate's frustrated sounds and yells across the cabin asking what's wrong.

"Nothing babe, I'm just sick and tired of shit not going the way I want." Kate fumes.

"It's not too bad right? Just some nosy cleaning lady…" Ariana thinks.

"Yea but… The camping didn't really work, either. I'm too useless to find work. Family are assholes. Now our stuff doesn't fit in the bags… Every decision is hard… Why can't things just go the way I want?" Kate complains.

Ariana doesn't know how to respond to that.

A few minutes later they sit at the kitchen table and Ariana asks, "I didn't know you had such trouble with our life… Do you want to talk about it?"

"Oh don't mind me. I'm just frustrated with too many things, just like you sometimes are." Kate downplays her woes.

"Maybe, but I don't throw things around… You'll find a job, right? And so what if the things don't fit in the bag. Just put it in the car… Who cares?" Ariana argues.

"I didn't look for work for months, babe… I've just been lazy." Kate confesses.

Ariana thinks about that, she already knew Kate made no effort and thought she just needed rest. "But you have a burnout or something right? You'll be fine soon…" Ariana hopes, "And maybe you're not meant to find a regular job again…"

Kate ‘hmms' and stares out of the window. "Fine, fuck it… What do you think I… we… should do?"

"I don't know Kate, maybe you just need more time? Or you subconsciously know that you should get the camper? Or are you still upset with your dad?"

Kate ‘hmms' again. "I don't know. I'll think about that." She says.

"Don't think too hard, or your brain will hurt." Ariana smirks. But then more serious, "And talk to me if you want. I'm always here for you."

Kate nods and looks lovingly at Ariana. "I know babe, I'll get my shit straight soon, I promise."

#### **8 - The adventure home**

They arrive back home in the late afternoon. And while going back and forth between the car and their flat on the 12th floor Kate thinks about her future. Not coming to any smart conclusions once again. Coming up with a bit of a game for Ariana she calls her to the bedroom and gives her a challenge. Wear the leather hood for the rest of the day and night. This will cover Ariana's entire head except for her mouth and chin. Ariana had never worn the hood for more than an hour or two, and doesn't like wearing it all that much.

When Ariana objects she threatens to lock the chastity belt on for a week, too. Ariana quickly shuts up and a few minutes later sits balancing herself in front of the couch feeling around in her darkness. Kate tugs on the lace and zips the little flap over it. Ariana had never been able to undo the zipper on her own. Kate then bolts the collar Ariana had already been wearing for the week prior back on. The hood is now trapped under the collar.

"Kate?" Ariana calls out for the 5th time. "Hey? Can I get a drink, Kate?"

Kate had left the apartment to get the mail from downstairs. She's sitting in the lobby of their tower building looking at the envelopes, sighing to herself. "Spam and bills, bills and more fucking bills… Never any fun mail" She mutters frustrated.

"Hello Kate. How are you?" Dana says as she walks past.

Dana used to be Kate's friend until her girlfriend Sheila betrayed their trust by sneaking into their flat and touching Ariana in her sleep. Kate had made a big scene by forcing Dana to come home from university and come get Sheila or have her arrested. When Dana finally arrived she kicked both women out telling the women to never talk to them again.

Kate, in an automatic response, is about to say ‘Hi' back, but looks up, immediately feels angry seeing it's Dana, and says nothing. She's still pissed at the couple from the 4th floor and has been ignoring them for months.

Ariana meanwhile is getting anxious and starts looking for Kate. Crawling around blind she bumps into things. Thinking Kate is upset again and ignores her, she doesn't have much fun. Not finding Kate on the couch, she stumbles towards where she thinks the bedroom is and bumps her head into the radiator next to the balcony door. Entirely in the wrong direction. She loves being helpless for Kate, but not by losing her eye-sight. She'd rather be chained to her desk, like normal. It'll make her helpless, but able to see. As such, her hood is one of her least favorite things to wear.

Downstairs, Kate steps into the elevator and just as the door closes Dana joins her with her own mail. "You should stop ignoring us, you know? It's not good for your mental health if you do." Dana claims.

She's studying to be a psychologist.

"Don't talk to me." Kate mumbles. "I'll never forgive you two either, so stop trying to make friends."

Dana shrugs and gets out on her floor, saying, "Ariana is much friendlier than you." Implying Ariana talks to her. Which isn't true.

Kate continues to the 12th floor feeling betrayed.

When she enters her flat she sees Ariana fumbling around near the TV, and just as she's about to knock over a vase near it she calls out "Stop right there girl!"

Ariana freezes for a second and then turns towards where Kate's voice had come from. "Kate, where are you? I need your help…"

"I know you need my help, you dummy. But that's no reason to knock over the furniture!" Kate scolds Ariana. "Be more careful…"

"You made me like this, ok? I just want a drink, and then you don't respond. And I can't find you and now you're upset?" Ariana whines.

"That's what you get for talking to Dana and Sheila!" Kate accuses her, "You can wear the hood for a day extra for all I care."

Ariana sits stunned, what is Kate talking about? "Huh? I didn't talk to them for months. What do you mean?" She calls out.

But Kate doesn't listen and smacks the bedroom door closed behind her.

Ariana is on the brink of crying, a whole day extra without being able to see? She's already going crazy after this short amount of time… And for what? Some punishment for something she didn't do? So unfair. Feeling around to find her way to the bedroom she finds the door ajar, which is wrong. Since Kate had smacked it closed. Crawling through the door she feels tiles. "No, bathroom…" She mumbles. And backs out, heading left.

Kate lies down on their bed, lost in her depressive mood. Staring at nothing. Not having a job, or having a productive routine, is taking its toll on her. She needs to do something with her life. A bit of variation or a challenge perhaps. Sighing deeply she listens to the sounds at the door as Ariana tries to find her way inside.

"Poor thing." She mumbles, feeling bad for being so short with Ariana she quickly gets up and yanks the door open.

"Whoa, hey! Kate? I didn't…" Ariana freezes in her movement, startled by the sudden draft of air.

"Come here you." Kate interrupts her, sounding much friendlier and kneels next to her, expecting Ariana to crawl into her embrace, but she's blind. It takes Kate a second to act accordingly and reach out to Ariana to pull her in her embrace.

"Kate, why are you so mad?" Ariana asks, fumbling around in Kate's embrace.

"I'm sorry sweetie, did you really not talk to them?" Kate soothes her lover.

"Of course not, you told me not to…" Ariana assures her. "I mean, I really try hard to ignore them when I see them. Maybe I said Hi once…"

Kate 'hmms', feeling stupid for letting Dana stir her up like that. Hating her downstairs neighbor even more for it. "I'm tired of being home all the time with nothing to do and feel moody all the time Ariana. Going camping was a fun distraction. But here, it's just the same every day."

"Then do something about it Kate. Don't take it out on me…" Ariana complains.

She's right of-course. Kate needs to get her life in order.

"What's your biggest wish for us Ariana?" Kate asks, unable to make her own decision. "Like, should I get a job? Or do something else?"

"You should work with me Kate. I always tell you that." Ariana immediately says, "But more than that, I just want you to be strong and happy…"

"Or from that imaginary camper?"

Ariana sighs and shrugs, 'That stupid indecisiveness about the camper is getting tiresome.' She thinks. "Kate, I want to see. Can you remove the hood?" She timidly asks, and continues to explain, "I don't like wearing it."

"Not yet…" Kate whispers. Holding her close.

"Kaahaate, please. It's too much and I need to make dinner soon." Ariana whines.

"It's only 5PM, you can wear it for a little longer." Kate decides.

Ariana says nothing and just leans into Kate. Deciding to be a bother to her until she's released. "Fine, then bring me a drink, and I need to pee." She doesn't, but Ariana tries to boss Kate around. "And after, I want to lie down on the couch and you need to keep me company."

Kate isn't fooled by that and pinches her nose through the hood. "But you're not the boss sweetie. So you can ask me nicely, or do it yourself." She asserts her control.

Ariana sighs again. "You're being mean… Not fun." She mumbles.

"No, I'm being your boss, just what you always said you want." Kate counters her complaint. Her hand wanders down to Ariana's crotch. "But I can be mean if you want." Slowly rubbing her hand over Ariana's pussy through her pants.

Ariana moans softly in Kate's arms. "Am I still being mean now?" Kate asks. But Ariana is not paying attention to words. She's focused on the feeling between her legs. ‘Mmmphing' softly, giving in to her growing horniness.

Kate stops after a few minutes and gets up, pulling a protesting Ariana to her feet as well. "So, what do you want to drink?"

"Ohhh, you…" Ariana grumbles. "Forget it." She feels her way into what she thinks is the bedroom and bumps her head on the opposite wall of the hallway.

Kate laughs at her predicament and pulls her into the bedroom. "Straight ahead, four big steps…" She whispers, and leaves her to it. She's heading into the kitchen to get drinks.

When she comes back Ariana has found her way onto the bed and is rubbing herself under the blanket. "Hey now, no masturbating when I'm home young lady…" Kate tells her.

"You do it then Kate. Please…" Ariana pouts.

Kate says nothing but uses the chain to tie Ariana’s hands above her head and steps into her strap-on harness. It's been ages since they used it. Ariana won't expect it, she cleverly thinks. Getting onto the bed she pulls Ariana's pants down and off, throwing them aside.

Placing her knees between Ariana's, and lowers down into Ariana’s wanting slit until the dildo is all the way in. Ariana immediately knows what Kate is doing and lets out a ‘wwaahhhhh' followed by a ‘yeeeeees!'

It's not a very big dildo, 4cm in diameter and about 15cm long. But for Ariana's petite body it works very well.

Kate starts thrusting in and out of her lover. Ariana breathes in sharply through her nose as Kate goes back in the first time and soon after she’s a panting mess as Kate fucks her full of energy, thrusting deep and forceful into Ariana causing her to let out little moans and gasps every time she bottoms out in her lover.

Pent up frustrations of the last few hours find an out as she has her way with Ariana and she grunts with a low voice as she forces herself onto her lover, enjoying the power she has.

Ariana quickly gets to the point where her orgasm is very close and when Kate shows no sign of slowing down she has no option but to give in to her lust and let her orgasm rush over her. Her breathing is ragged and she cums with a loud ‘ahhhhyes!'

Kate continues for a few moments but soon slows down and Her sweaty body drops on top of Ariana. They kiss for a bit while Kate fondles her breasts, tweaking Ariana's nipples.

Kate looks much happier and more relaxed and without saying a word, both nod off for a while.

Maybe an hour later Kate wakes with a start as Ariana struggles under her to get comfortable with her arms still stretched above her head. Finding her wits she unlocks the chain that's looped around Ariana's wrists and massages her wrists to get rid of the marks the chain links made into her skin, giving a little kiss on the inside of each wrist. This causes Ariana to giggle.

Nothing needs to be said as the women know exactly what they feel. Kate finally removes the collar and hood, revealing a sweaty head with bleary eyes of her super girl who blinks against the light and looks at Kate with glee.

"Hey… Welcome back." Kate sticks her tongue out at her.

"Enough silliness, eh? Go clean up and think about what we'll eat." Kate rolls onto her back and stares at the dildo that sticks straight up from her crotch.

Ariana tells Kate she loves her and goes to wash up and heads to the kitchen to prepare a simple dinner. Hash browns with sausages and salad.

Kate meanwhile makes a discovery on Facebook Market, there is a car section full of campers. She knew that. But there is a new listing for a Winnebago with a bedroom and kitchen and everything they talked about.

"Hey Ariana, come look at this?" Kate calls out. She instantly likes the vehicle and seeing the photos suddenly everything makes sense.

"What is it baby?" Ariana comes into the bedroom.

"Look…" Kate turns her laptop to Ariana.

Ariana looks at the pictures for a minute, "Oh, even a shower? And a lounge area?"

"Yea, everything we both would want I think." Kate confirms.

"Uh-huh…" Ariana sees it all. "But Expensive I'm sure? You always say they're so expensive."

"This one is only 10000," Kate says.

"So it's broken then? Or what's wrong with it?" Ariana sounds suspicious.

"Dunno, it is 20 years old… But do you want to go find out?" Kate looks optimistic, thinking she should ask Barry to come along so he can take a look.

Barry is her sister's boyfriend, he'll know what's what, she assumes.

"Sure, we should go there and see it for real." Ariana suggests. 'Finally! Action!' She thinks.

"Yeah, I'll see if we can get a viewing." Kate says and starts typing a message to the seller. Soon a reply comes and invites her to come take a look that evening.

Quickly calling Barry she implores him to come over and take a look at the camper with them. Thinking they have a great deal on their hands.

A curious Barry promises he'll be there around 7PM. They now have to rush with dinner, or they’ll be late.

Shortly after 7PM Barry arrives with Lisa in tow.

Lisa is Kate's older sister by a few years, but other than a few minor differences in their appearance they could be twins.

They head off to the other side of the city and arrive at the location where Ariana spots the camper first.

"There! There!" She calls out pointing at the vehicle through the windshield.

Barry parks his car behind the RV on the driveway and they all get out. "Looks alright," he says, nodding his approval. "And you can drive such a thing?" He asks Kate.

"Ehh. Yeah, sure." Kate replies unconvincingly.

Barry laughs, thinking he'll talk her into letting him drive it away so they can practice on a quiet street, and greets the current owner who has come out of his house. Barry points at Kate as the potential buyer and while Kate and Lisa listen to the owner talking about how awesome and amazing the camper is. Barry and Ariana wander around the thing for a first inspection. Barry kicks the tires and looks at the exhaust. Seeing a few superficial scratches and a small dent in the rear bumper, like someone backed into a pole or barrier. He shows the damage to Ariana but assures her it's no big deal if the ‘house' part is undamaged.

Lisa only half listens and looks around bored. She's not interested in campers, camping or anything like that. Thinking that if Kate will drive that thing around the country it'll be a miracle. She heard about their wild idea from Ariana and thinks they’re nuts. She knows Kate is very much a hotel person.

The owner is finally done praising the camper and shows the insides. Tacky furniture, lots of orange, beige and brown upholstery. A worn out gas cooker and a rickety old fridge. It all works, but for modern comforts it needs some work. He doesn't want to make the effort and instead plans on buying a new, larger, motorhome for his retirement.

That makes sense, Barry and Kate agree. Still, fixing this one up should not be too much hassle. If they put in a new fridge and a cooker and add something for internet access and they're halfway done. Ariana likes it and tries the bed and couch. Sitting on all the chairs and approving of the space available to them, thinking it's cozy.

Barry imagines the 2nd bed above the cab can be converted into storage or something. An idea Kate likes. And if they replace all the pillows and seating, the whole setup will look much nicer already.

Ariana winks to Kate and motions her to come into the bedroom. Sliding the door closed, separating them from the others. They hear Barry ask about the engine and mileage and other technical details.

Ariana kisses Kate. "I like it," she whispers. "If you think it'll make you happy you should buy it."

Kate does like it and considers her options. "At first for vacations and road trips, hm?"

"Yes, or to live in eventually… It's big enough," Ariana thinks.

They sit on the edge of the bed. It's a queen size with two narrow wardrobes on each side. There are some cabinets overhead as well.

In the sort of in-between space between the sleeping area and the front there is a small shower cabin on the driver side wall, opposite of it is a toilet and tiny sink.

Then the sliding door with the kitchen right past it, stove on the right. Larger sink in the counter which has a L shape creating a barrier between the kitchen and the dining area.

On the right side, next to the toilet basically, is a fridge and a storage cabinet. And the front half of the space is the dining area slash living space. WIth a table seating four people and a couch on the other wall.

The side entrance is next to the couch between it and the fridge. And finally the cab with the steering column. Above the cab is a low space with another double mattress.

Outside, attached on the side is an awning. A gas bottle is hidden somewhere in an outside compartment along with a bunch of batteries.

"What do you think fixing the things will cost?" Ariana asks.

"I don't know, probably an extra 10000 bucks." Kate guesses. "Still much cheaper than a new one." Kate is sure of that at least. "Well, take a good look around, be very critical. I'll talk to Barry and see what he thinks."

Ariana nods and looks after Kate with a content look on her face as she's left alone. This is the Kate she fell in love with. Optimistic and smart. She’d agree to buying the camper just to have more of that.

Lisa sits at the dinner table looking around amused at the tacky interior. "What an ugly monster." She laughs at Kate.

"It's not too bad. Just think of everything in colors you like." Kate says, "Where's your man?"

"He's talking about rust… Dunno." Lisa gestures to the door. "You're really buying this thing?"

"We're thinking about it… Maybe." Kate says with an excited grin. Stepping outside she sees two pairs of legs stick out from under the camper. "How's it looking under there?" Kate calls out.

Barry's hand appears from under and gives a thumbs up. A minute later the men come out from under the camper and Kate wants to know what he thinks.

"Aside from the obvious stuff plus what the guy mentioned, it looks good to me." Barry thinks.

"And costs?" Kate asks, "Is 10000 to buy it the right price? Seeing it needs a new fridge and things like that."

"Ehh…" Barry thinks, "Maybe start with eight grand. See what happens. A new one like this is probably 70k."

Kate nods. "Mmhm, I see. But those are also much more modern, right?"

Barry nods, "Right, but fixing this one up wouldn't be worth 50-60000 for me."

"Yea, that's very true. Good point." She goes back inside the camper and hears Lisa talk to Ariana.

"… But that's how friends and family work sometimes. They grow apart, or they just lose touch over a disagreement." Kate hears Lisa say.

"Yeah, but Kate doesn't like him at all. And he was kind of a moron last week. Oh, sorry, he's your dad too…" Ariana pauses. "And I was really excited to meet him, and then he's like that. Why can't he be normal to us."

"Probably because our mom doesn't like gay relationships… They're usually fine to me, but even us, we rarely talk these days." Lisa explains. "Don't think too much about it ok? Kate is not stupid, and she feels very strongly about what happened between her and mom and dad."

"Yea, same as me and my mom…” Ariana sounds sad, “But can you tell them to be normal to us? I want Kate to be happy and not have to worry about such things."

Kate sits on the couch, wiping a tear of her cheek. She had forgotten all about their stupid meeting with her dad. Or rather, she had pushed it out of her mind. Looking around she likes how the camper is set up. She agrees with Lisa that it has dated interior. But she'll fix it.

Barry and the owner stumble in and they start the engine. Barry makes an approving sound revving the engine a few times.

"I want it…" She mumbles to herself.

"What's that?" Barry calls out.

"Nothing, just thinking out loud." Kate replies.

Lisa and Ariana are quietly talking in the bedroom about family things and upcoming adventures in the camper. Lisa thinks the adventure is a fun idea, but that the camper is ugly. Ariana doesn't mind as long as Kate is happy, suggesting they'll go to Mexico or go see all the national parks in the USA or something.

When Kate hears that she has to wipe another tear from her cheek. She barges into the bedroom and hugs Ariana. "I love you babe, really really love you."

Ariana catches Kate as they fall on top of each other on the bed with Lisa sitting awkwardly next to them. "Ehh…" She mutters. Looking away.

The women snuggle up against each other lost in their own little world for a moment.

“I want it,” Kate whispers to Ariana. “You too?”

"But we'll fix it up right? Make it pretty and modern?" She asks Kate.

Kate promises they will, everything that is old and needs fixing they'll fix.

Hearing that Lisa heads outside looking for her man.

Kate and Ariana sit up on the bed. "Do you really like it? Be honest ok?" Kate quietly asks.

"You do, right? Your big plan for us?" Ariana answers.

"Yes, but you should not agree to buying it if you're not sure about it." Kate urges her. "I mean, I need you to want it too, and not just because you want to make me happy."

"Well, I already told you that a camper would be fun. But this one is really old." Ariana starts. "But it's also very affordable and has exactly the space and layout we like… I think."

Kate nods. "And if it doesn't work we can always sell it again."

Ariana nods and goes to try the shower, it'll be tight, but maybe they both fit inside it. Stepping out, she stands in the kitchen area quickly discovering it's actually very small. She can almost reach the whole kitchen top from one spot in the middle. And the fridge with one step to the right. In their flat she always has to walk back and forth, this is nice and practical.

She chops an imaginary vegetable and arranges the little space for making dinner.

Kate leans against the doorframe and watches her wife wander around and pictures them in a nature reserve somewhere, sunbathing all afternoon and doing work at the table.

It'll be great.

Getting up she grabs Ariana from behind who squeals and giggles in surprise. "I've made up my mind, I really want it." She whispers in her ear.

“Ok… So go buy it…” Ariana encourages Kate who heads outside to find Barry and the owner.

Barry looks much more serious after seeing the engine and the nearly half a million kilometers on the odometer. "Engine looks fine but may need replacing soon-ish. Or be rebuilt by a mechanic." He thinks.

The owner assures them that since it’s a diesel that that’s not an issue until a million kilometers at the very least.

Kate nods, not really getting what Diesel has to do with anything and looks at the owner, "I'll give you 8000 for it."

She's done thinking, done being scared and done hesitating and thinking of all the what ifs.

It’s time to make the future happen.

The owner frowns and after some haggling they settle on $9500 to be paid via bank transfer.

Kate calls out to Ariana, "Hey babe, got 9k in that online account thing of yours?"

Ariana joins the others and looks in her app, "Yep!" She says, naively showing a nearly $24k balance in the app to the group before Kate can stop her.

Lisa reaches out and pulls her arm down, but it's too late. "Come dear, let's head inside and make the payment." She laughs at Ariana, and gestures to the owner's house so they can finalize the buy.

The man shows them to his living room and looks for the papers.

Kate and Barry walk around the vehicle again and Barry tells her it's a good deal. Fixing up the interior shouldn't be that expensive, he thinks. He also tells her not to cheap out on the renovations and do things right.

Then he encourages her to move the camper onto the street. Expecting her to chicken out from driving it. But Kate hops behind the wheel and starts the engine and slowly backs out of the driveway.

Ariana and Lisa come out of the house, Ariana is carrying a stack of papers and some books that belong to the vehicle.

"Come on girl, it's adventure time!" Kate calls out to Ariana, revving the engine.

They thank the previous owner for his time and wave at the man and jump into the camper.

Barry indicates to the women that he and Lisa are heading home.

"How did it go? Did the payment work? Did you get the registration?" Kate asks as she slowly pulls up and tries to get a feel for the large camper.

"Yea I think. Look, this is all the papers and repair history and a manual. Lisa said it's all there." She holds up the papers and books.

Kate nods approvingly but is focused on driving. She hasn't driven something this big in years. "Shall we sleep in here tonight?" She laughs at Ariana. "Just in the Walmart parking lot or whatever?"

"Hmm, let's park there and see what we need for that." Ariana says. "Can I walk around while we drive?"

"Yea but be careful that you don't fall. It'll be like a train" Kate warns her.

Ariana doesn't know what walking in a train feels like, she never rode a train. But she carefully walks around and thinks if they get bed sheets from the Walmart it'll be fine. But there is no water, and the stove doesn't work.

"Let's go home Kate, and start fixing it up tomorrow. Nothing really works for now and everything needs to be cleaned."

Kate agrees, and starts making renovation plans in her head.

Arriving at their building they discover that the camper barely fits in the parking garage. They park in Dana and Sheila’s spot, their 4th floor neighbors, they don't have a car anyway.

Kate flips through the manual and directs Ariana to a hatch on the outside to turn on the gas bottle for the stove. That now works. She then has Ariana check the water tank, but it's empty.

They both go around and through the camper deciding how they want to fix it up.

New upholstery for everything, a new mattress, new carpet everywhere. Kate thinks they should add solar panels on the roof and replace the gas stove with an electric one. And a new fridge of-course.

Ariana wants an extra door between the bathroom bit and the bedroom.

And they both agree that giving up one smaller cabinet for a microwave is probably a good idea too.

#### **9 - Stuck**

Over the next few days Ariana and Kate busy themselves with cleaning the camper. The concierge pokes his head inside curious who brought the monstrosity into the garage and after hearing what the girls are up to he wishes them good luck, but warns them that if the tenants of #4 want their parking spot they have to move.

Ariana goes all over town with her scooter to find an upholstery business that wants to redo all the seating. Kate meanwhile contacts Martin, her old co-worker from the hotel where she used to work. He's the head of maintenance there and she asks him to help with some of the more technical stuff.

He advises Kate on solar panels and to keep the stove on gas for now. He also finds a replacement fridge that they can order online that uses the same power but is much more efficient. And more of such things that the women have no idea about.

One evening Kate is tired and lies down on the couch in their home, Falling asleep shortly after while waiting for Ariana to come home.

Ariana meanwhile arrives back in the garage and parks her scooter. Looking inside the camper she wonders about how spacious the cabinets under the kitchen counter actually are. Hoping she can fit all their pans and food in there. Opening all drawers and doors in the kitchen she imagines what goes where. The drawer is not too big, a typical cutlery drawer. But the cabinet directly under it is like a good sized luggage trunk. She dares herself to sit in it.

Struggling to fold her feet sideways she pulls her knees to her chin and scoots into the cabinet. Her right arm immediately gets stuck and is flattened against the cabinet wall. With her other arm she fingers the door closed which clicks shut into the magnetic lock with a soft click. Exploring the small space, she has about a hand width of space on her left but otherwise the space is pretty much full.

"Interesting… almost like my chest…" She mumbles, pushing against the door expecting it to open.

Unknown to Ariana the travel lock had engaged, this is a small latch operated from the outside to prevent doors from swinging open while the camper is moving.

‘Uh oh…' Ariana thinks with worry, feeling along the door's edges but other than the little thingy from the magnetic lock there is no way to grab anything and pushing the door isn't working. It flexes slightly but that's all.

Knowing Kate will come looking for her soon Ariana isn't too worried but she really wasn't planning on staying in here for too long.

Being locked in is exciting though and Ariana feels flustered. Struggling in her tiny space she manages to turn her body a little so her neck is more comfortable and her legs can be parted and she awkwardly rubs herself through her pants.

"Mmmmh" she softly moans.

Meanwhile Kate is still asleep and shows no sign of waking up.

Ariana is getting seriously turned on and forgets her predicament for the moment, she scoots back and forth while struggling to slide her pants off. Working up a sweat in the cabinet she manages to bare her wet pussy and fingers herself with vigor until she lets out a throaty moan and slumps in the cabinet following a strong orgasm.

Only 20 or 30 minutes have passed, but to Ariana it feels like hours. Kate must be missing her by now. Trying to fix herself up she slithers around in the wet spot she made. Once again trying the door but has no luck on getting out.

Hours later Kate finally stirs and feels hungry. Looking on her phone she sees it's almost 9pm. ‘Where's my girl?' She sleepily wonders, ‘Where's dinner?'

"Ariana? Babe? Are you home?" Kate calls out, expecting an immediate response. But there is no reply.

Sighing Kate gets up and looks for Ariana but she's not home. The kitchen seems untouched since she got home. And no message or missed calls on her phone. Very much unlike Ariana, Kate is getting worried now.

Heading downstairs and into the parking garage she sees Ariana's scooter parked in its usual spot. But checking the camper shows Ariana isn't there either. Getting really worried, Kate smacks the door shut and goes looking for the concierge.

The sound of the door slamming shut wakes Ariana up in the cabinet but it takes her a few seconds to remember her situation.

Kate finds the concierge in his little apartment and asks him if he has seen Ariana and is told she arrived several hours ago and went into the garage but he didn't see what she did after that.

Back at the camper Kate looks again inside and this time spots her phone on the table. "Ariana, are you in here?"

"Kate! Here, help me!" Comes the muffled voice of Ariana.

"Where are you silly? It's late…" Kate sounds frustrated, but also relieved.

"In the cabinet, I'm stuck…" Ariana giggles.

Behind the 3rd cabinet door she finds a sweaty and messy girl, a strong stuffy smell wafts out.

Kate looks in the tiny cabinet and sees the disheveled girl. "What the hell are you doing?" She calls out, kneeling down.

"I was just curious if I'd fit but the door locked or something…"

"Uh-huh, you stink of sex…" Kate accuses her, wrinkling her nose.

Ariana giggles again and admits she touched herself while she waited to be rescued. And starts to wiggle out of the cabinet.

Kate helps her out of the cabinet and drags her to the bedroom where the girls drop down on the bed, kissing. She gropes at Ariana's butt and pulls her close, grinding her crotch against Ariana's thigh.

Ariana kicks her leg to get rid of her pants. Kate hurriedly pulls down her own pants and the women make love on the bed. Fingering and stroking each other until they orgasm with stifled moans.

A sweaty Kate rolls on her back and lies next to Ariana, the two grin at each other while Kate traces circles around Arianas breasts.

Giggling, Ariana mentions that they now both smell of sex.

Kate smiles but says nothing and after a few minutes her rhythmic breathing betrays that she fell asleep.

Ariana admires her wife's slender figure and smooth face, brushing a strand of hair behind Kate's ear. Considering to wash up, but soon she too slumps down and falls asleep on Kate's chest.

#### **10 - Stretching in the camper**

A few weeks go by and the girls work diligently to fix up the camper with some help from Martin, Kate's former co-worker. Ariana doesn't like how Martin looks at her when she's around, so every time he's there she makes herself scarce and pretends to be busy elsewhere.

Martin is not too bothered by this but finds it weird that she's avoiding him. He just wants to make conversation and learn a bit more about the girl Kate always talked about at work.

When the camper is finally ready Kate and Ariana celebrate together and have another wild night on the new mattress. This time Ariana is tied to it. Her arms are tied together above her head and her legs spread each to a corner of the bed. Kate had installed eyelets for that specific purpose.

The setup is simple. A larger eye is hidden between the mattress and the wall through which a short rope is looped that is tied off to Ariana's cuffs. And on the corners, at the foot of the bed, two similar eyelets are on the underside of a little lip that sticks out over the bed base. Two ropes go through that, tied to Ariana's ankle cuffs. Kate had then pulled the ropes tight through the eyelets and tied them together. This stretches Ariana to her limit with her legs spread wide. The knot on her wrist rope is out of reach so there is no escape even if she wanted to.

Kate had told Ariana that if someone ever asks about the eyelets to just tell them it's for a mosquito net.

Currently, however, Ariana is not thinking about mosquito nets or other people. She's squirming in her bonds wiggling her butt on the pillow Kate put under it. Her shirt is partly stuffed into her mouth and the remainder pulled over her head so she can't see what Kate is up to, she tries to twist and turn her head, but the shirt stays in place.

Soft footsteps on the carpet of the bedroom and the separating door slides shut. Then a metallic clicking sound from further away, which Ariana thinks is the outside door.

A wave of disappointment comes over her. ‘No sex for me?' She thinks to herself.

Ariana had been a bit bratty lately, caught up in the project she'd been taking liberties with buying things for the camper. She'd also told Martin off a few times about how she would do certain modifications differently. Kate had scolded her several times over design decisions and technical stuff and told her to just trust Martin his expertise.

Ariana is no dummy when it comes to simple DIY. Unlike Kate, who can do some painting or help roll out carpet but that's about all she's good for. Not Ariana, she had designed and built a pretty advanced bondage chest for herself once and actually knows how to put up shelves and handle a drill. But re-doing a camper and dealing with electrical wiring and plumbing is clearly above her skill level. Ariana however stubbornly believes she can do much of what Martin does and do it better.

Kate promised she'd be punished, which Ariana only half believed because Kate always forgets or doesn't really care to go ahead with such things.

Now she's abandoned, probably as a punishment, she suspects.

20 minutes or so later Kate returns, or… Ariana had heard the outside door again a few minutes ago. She mumbles through her shirt but gets no response.

Minutes crawl past and then suddenly there is a touch on the sole of her foot. Causing her to flinch in her bondage. A finger traces along the length of her foot, which tickles. Ariana squirms and giggles. Then the sensation stops and a moment later her other foot is attacked.

Ariana squirms and mumbles into her gag again. But Kate makes no sound. Tensing up for a moment, Ariana thinks maybe her silent tormentor isn't Kate, similarly to when her last boyfriend had stepped out while leaving her tied to his bed and his friend had found her.

Fear enters her mind, but then Ariana thinks she recognizes the touch as Kate. It must be her… Who else would enter the camper? She pushes the scary thoughts out of her head.

Kate notices Ariana's tensing up momentarily but thinks nothing of it and tickles and strokes her partner gently, slowly creeping up her leg until she can grab and poke at Ariana's waist.

This causes Ariana to giggle and squirm more. Feeling the playful fingers sliding up around her torso to her armpits. And just as the fingers reach her sensitive armpits the tickling stops and a moment later the tip of the oh-so-familiar strap on dildo pushes into her vagina.

"Mmmmmmh" Ariana moans into her t-shirt-gag.

"Myeeshhhh moar…" Is all Kate hears with a silent grin. Ariana loves it when Kate fucks her with the strap-on. Assuring Kate it's better than any man could.

Sliding in, Kate feels zero resistance. Ariana is very wet and ready to accept whatever Kate does to her. She very much enjoys the position of power she has over Ariana in moments like this.

When the dildo is all the way in she retracts until it's almost out and then quickly pushes all the way back in. Setting a quick pace gasping and grunting as she fucks Ariana for minutes. Kate pounds into Ariana, who also grunts every time Kate bottoms out inside her.

Ariana's world is in turmoil, Kate rarely is this rough. Maybe it's someone else after all? But the grunts and sounds her assailant makes sound like Kate. After a few more thrusts she ignores her doubt and horniness takes over. Matching the rhythm with grunts and moans every time Kate's weight pushes her into the mattress, taking her breath away.

Then a sharp intake of air from Kate, a deep groan and she drops on top of Ariana. She, for once, didn't forget the little vibrator inside the strap-on harness and has an intense orgasm herself.

Out of breath she lies on top of Ariana who hasn't orgasmed yet. The dildo still inside her lover, ever so slightly moving when either of them takes a breath.

Ariana moans in discomfort being crushed by Kate’s weight but Kate doesn't respond and just lies on top of her having exerted herself as a 2nd orgasm comes crashing over Kate from the vibrator. She tenses up and sighs deeply pushing the dildo deeper into Ariana.

Finally getting up the dildo slips out of Ariana with a wet plopping sound. A quick kiss on her stomach and Kate is gone.

"Khate!" Ariana calls out. "Make meh cwum pease!" She begs through her shirt-gag.

Suddenly there is a swipe across her crotch from a wet wipe or something, and then a hand cupping her pussy. Someone sits next to her on the bed and the hand rubs Ariana. Speeding up more and more every second until Ariana is once again struggling for air. Kate fingers her vigorously.

Just as Ariana is about to cum she hears Kate's sweet whisper near her ear. "Cum for me babe…"

The words push her over the edge and she orgasms with a whimper and a moan. Her body shakes. But Kate doesn't stop and keeps rubbing and stroking her.

Again there is a whisper in her ear, "Again Ariana, again… For me…"

As if Ariana has a choice, and after a few moments she can't hold it any longer and bucks her hips as she orgasms for a 2nd time, arching her back before dropping down on the bed.

She's spent.

Kate stops her attention and wipes her fingers on Ariana's stomach before pulling the shirt away from her face and out of her mouth.

Ariana barely notices as she's catching her breath.

Watching over her lover she quietly unties Ariana and wipes her face, pressing sweet kisses on her lips, nose and cheeks, "I love you…"

"I love you too boss," Comes Ariana's soft mumbled response.

#### **11 - Adventure in a camper**

The next morning Kate wakes first and looks around confused for a few moments wondering where she is. Then it all comes back. They're in the camper, or as she dubbed it, the ‘adventure home'.

Ariana is next to her curled up like a cat. Kate had released her from her bonds the night before. Cuddling together the two had shared a drink and soon after they had both fallen asleep.

Now it's a new day and Kate feels like going on an impromptu trip to test the adventure home. Getting up she saunters out of the bedroom and sits in the dining area. Admiring the upholstery matching their preferred colors. Ariana had done a great job picking their favorite colors.

To sort of symbolize they each have a seat, one seat is pink, for Ariana, and another is khaki brown, matching Kate's plain taste for earthy and flat colors. All other pillows and cushions are a dark anthracite grey. This is a theme they applied throughout the camper. The curtains are all done up in anthracite grey and the driver and passenger seats are both a darker brown. The curtains are thick enough to block most light and the dark look this creates is offset with the furnishings and floor which are in more practical lighter grey and white colors, creating a modern look.

Martin had replaced most of the visible interior with new doors and trimmings. The kitchen area and cabinet doors towards the bedroom are now in a white and brown color scheme.

No more beige and orange…

Towards the front of the adventure home the floor is covered in sand colored carpet and the bedroom has a softer but more dark carpet. He also installed a small TV and a simple home entertainment computer so they can watch movies they download, watch Youtube or just browse the web on a large screen. She isn't really familiar with it yet, but Ariana had taken a liking to it and immediately put their favorite movies on the device.

For the internet they have a 4G and 5G modem kind of device that takes a sim-card which creates a Wifi network for their laptops and phones.

While really enjoying her sense of accomplishment over doing a lot of the work ‘herself’ she decides again they should go on a little trip. She wakes Ariana and tells her to pack some clothes and stuff for a little vacation. Ariana grumbles, she hates waking up before 8am, but heads upstairs without complaining when Kate tells her it's time for adventure.

While Ariana goes back and forth between their home and the camper with clothes and their laptops and things like that Kate goes over the route. First they need to stop at a supermarket and stock up on groceries. When that's done she wants to head into some outdoorsy location for a few days.

If they head north from the city there are many campsites and remote locations and they all seem nice enough. So Kate pricks her finger at a random one on Maps and after a quick look at some photos on Google Maps decides that it'll be fine. She enters the name into the GPS and has it find a route.

Ariana announces she's done with bringing their things into the camper and after a few minutes of stowing their clothes away and securing their laptops they're pretty much ready to go. She is on auto-pilot, just following instructions and not asking any questions.

Kate considers telling where they're going but decides there is no real point. She won't know the place anyway.

Instead Kate decides to tie Ariana to the bed, she's only allowed to wear a pair of panties and her collar which is then locked to the eye her wrists were tied to earlier. A simple chain and padlock and Ariana is stuck in place. The chain is sufficiently short so she can't leave the bed.

Ariana looks at what Kate is doing in silence and wonders to herself why she can't join Kate up front.

"A secret trip?" She asks Kate.

"Yeah, something like that." Kate confirms and presses her lips on Ariana's. "Maybe I'll let you loose once we're there."

"Oh…" Ariana says with a flat voice. Her excitement for the trip waning, "So I'm not allowed up front?"

"Maybe later…" Kate responds vaguely as she sneakily slips the keys between the wall and mattress.

Ariana ‘hmms' and explores her limited freedom. She can touch the ground with her feet but can't leave the bed.

"Can you at least open the curtains?" She asks.

"You're naked babe, it wouldn't be appropriate…" Kate laughs. And with that she presses another kiss on Ariana's forehead and whispers, "Just be good today ok? Let me know if you need anything."

"Yes boss," Ariana promises, wondering why Kate treats her like this.

Kate turns around and closes the bedroom door behind her and sits down in the driver's seat. Pondering for a moment what her wife is thinking.

With a nervous energy she maneuvers the camper out of the parking garage for the first time in and drives to a nearby supermarket where her first problem presents itself, the camper doesn't fit in a parking spot. It's too long. Boldly parking the thing across four spots Kate heads into the store to buy supplies. Ignoring Ariana for now. No doubt she's sleeping anyway.

Ariana looks after Kate and feels abandoned as the bedroom door slides shut with a click. Not unlike how she felt so often when Kate left for work.

"What the hell is she up to…" She mumbles to herself. But soon a big yawn overpowers her and she's asleep minutes later. Dreaming of Kate keeping her leashed and prancing her around for other RV owners to see and completely embarrassing her. It's not a relaxed dream and Ariana turns restlessly.

At the supermarket Kate buys all the basics for food. Some steaks and minced meat, pasta, bread, something to put on the bread, wine and Ariana's favorite Pineapple juice and more of such things.

Almost losing her footing on the steps entering the camper has her nearly drop the groceries bag and she curses as she smacks her hip against the door frame.

"Kate, are you OK?" She hears from the bedroom.

Calling back, "Yeah, it's fine. Just banged my hip."

"Where are we going Kate? Are we there yet?"

Smirking, Kate peeks into the bedroom and assures Ariana they're still in the city but will head out soon. And with that she quickly puts the groceries away and starts the journey to the campsite.

Ariana is bored. Stuck in bed, she can't even reach her phone. Kate is not much fun either. ‘Grrr!' She thinks.

Kate meanwhile is enjoying herself, she quickly discovers she can still drive large vehicles without endangering too many people. Briefly thinking back to her previous partner and his large truck. She learned to drive it from him. She then considers Ariana and how she's chained to the bed. She's not sure what the plan is, but the control over her lover feels good.

She imagines herself a lone traveller with her little doggie. The cutest pet on the continent.

Humming a tune to herself they follow the highway going north. Around lunchtime Kate finally checks on Ariana who sits cross legged in the middle of the bed staring at the door, waiting for her Kate.

"This is boring Kate!" She complains as Kate sits next to her. "I want to be with you. I'll be no bother while you drive…"

"Pets don't demand such things babe." Kate tries with a laugh.

"But I'm not your pet, right? I'm your wife!" Ariana defies her lover.

"Fine fine, go put on a shirt and join me." Kate grabs the padlock key and gives it to Ariana. Laughing at her goofy face when she sees she could have released herself easily.

The women have lunch and continue on their journey.

Ariana is now sitting in the passenger's seat and looks at Kate who is in full vacation mode, wearing a brown tank top and jeans shorts. Meanwhile she herself just wears an old t-shirt, a pair of panties and her collar. Seeing nothing but trees slide past the window she soon falls asleep again.

Much to Kate's amusement, thinking she should have kept her chained to the bed. "Oh well…" and she pokes Ariana awake across the center console.

"Eeek!" Ariana shrieks.

"Hey, sleepyhead, pay attention if you want to sit up-front." Kate tells her with a smile.

Ariana squirms in her seat and fingers her collar. "Whatever, where are we going?"

"Oh, a campsite up north."

"Mmhm" Ariana responds. Kate treating her like a child bothers her. She didn't even discuss her plan for the trip and just decided they would go.

"What's wrong sweetie, you're so moody…" Kate wonders, "Not in the mood for an adventure?"

"It's nothing, forget it…" Ariana replies and wiggles out of her seat. "I'm thirsty. Do you want a drink?"

"Yea, ehh, check the fridge, there's lemonade. I also bought groceries earlier. Can you see if we have everything and make a list of the things you're missing?" Kate asks.

Ariana looks over the fridge and cabinets for food and sees Kate got bread, but no butter. And there are no eggs, and no pancake mix or coca cola. Tapping the items into a list on her phone she walks back to the front with a bottle of lemonade and a glass.

"Here," Ariana pours a glass for Kate. "How is the camper? Does it drive ok?"

"Yeah, it's fine. And easy to control too, just like how I learned it." Kate says.

She thinks about that and asks, "Where did you learn to drive big things?"

"My last boyfriend… Remember Anik? I told you about him." Kate says with a hesitation in her voice.

"The one you almost married?" Ariana innocently asks.

Kate shoots a dirty look at Ariana. She hates talking about past lovers and flings. For no particular reason really, it just makes her feel uncomfortable. Luckily Ariana never really asks.

Ariana ignores Kate's look and continues, "Can you teach me?" She wants to know. "I should be able to drive it, right? For if you get hurt or are sick and can't drive…"

Kate considers that for a moment and nods while looking at Ariana. That makes sense, she thinks. Then says, "Yea, just look at what I do and remember it. We'll practice in a parking lot or something some time."

Ariana quickly gets bored watching Kate holding down the gas pedal and steering the camper in a straight line, instead she focuses on how cool Kate looks driving the big vehicle, thinking that Kate is the most awesome person in the world. Her hair in a ponytail, eyes focused on the road. Thinking Kate is the coolest super, super wife… and that she can do anything. And more of such things, admiring her partner in silent awe.

Despite following the GPS route precisely they end up on a narrow road and not being able to turn around they eventually end up in a secluded part of a forest with a little stream or river coming through. The road ends into a semi open space dotted with trees a few meters from the water. Between the trees there is enough space for a few campers or tents.

Not thinking about it for too long Kate asks Ariana if she wants to go back and search for a campsite, or just stay here for the night. To which Ariana responds that “here is fine.”

Peeking out the door she sees no sign of civilization and without thinking she skips outside in her tshirt and panties with a giggle and sits on the edge of the stream with her feet dangling in the water.

Kate looks after her and parks the camper in a shaded spot.

"It's nice here Kate! Come join me…" Ariana calls out as she scoots off the edge and plunges into the knee deep water. Her shirt immediately turns see-through and shows her hard nipples poke through. Flipping her hair back as she comes up from the water she looks at what Kate is doing. But Kate is busy around the camper, lowering the little support studs to stabilize it. Opening the gas valve etc..

Kate read on the internet that having a checklist is smart, so she made one and follows it now.

Stuff Ariana knows little about yet. In her mind you just roll up and start camping… She never paid much attention to the systems and features of the camper beyond the obvious stuff like the shower, the tv system and the kitchen. Climbing out of the water she shivers and walks up to Kate to ask if she should do something.

Kate tells her it’s almost done and to just go and have fun, then continues with her list. Ariana jumps into the water again and frolics around for a while and ends up sitting on a sandy embankment to enjoy the warm sun.

When Kate is finally done she emerges in her swimsuit from the door carrying two towels to join her lover in the water.

"Finally!" Ariana laughs at her. Grabbing Kate around her waist and pulling her in for a kiss. The women kiss and feel each other up, ending up leaning their foreheads together grinning at each other like they do so often.

Enjoying the sun they sit on the embankment and lazily look around, staring at the sky and trees when Ariana finally asks what they're doing here.

"I don't know," Kate admits, "I just felt like going, try out the adventure home and being impulsive…"

Ariana looks at her and grins. "For once you're not overthinking things." She sticks out her tongue.

"Yea well, let's just see what happens right?" Kate thinks out loud.

#### **12 - Camper pet**

Kate wraps a towel around Ariana and they sit closer to the camper on a patch of grass and warm themselves in the sun. Kate tells Ariana about setting up the camper, showing her checklist of things that need to be done. She explains how the gas bottle works and how to turn it on. Where the fuse box is. Telling her to not use too much power at night, how the awning works, and everything else she can think of.

Ariana says she'll just wing it and doesn't pay too much attention, much to Kate's dismay. But Ariana isn't here to learn and be efficient, she's here to enjoy the adventure home and have fun with Kate.

“But to enjoy it you should know how it works, hm?” Kate argues.

“Yeah ok… You’re right.” Ariana relents. And she pays more attention.

As she's talking about the GPS and how Ariana can find things in there Kate notices the trail they drove along has a very similar name as the campsite she chose earlier. That's probably why they ended up here and not on the actual destination.

Ariana is curious why Kate treated her like a kid earlier and why she was tied to the bed for most of the ride.

"Ehh…" Kate had already forgotten about that, "You were supposed to be my pet for the day, I remember you said once that you like being owned or being a slave… I don't know, just a little game."

Ariana frowns, "I thought we sort of got past that? Because you don't like it and me finding more of a purpose in life."

"I suppose you did change yes…" Kate admits, "And you're already loose anyway, so forget it." She feels silly now. They'd been together for several years and she still gets the basics wrong with Ariana.

Ariana casually continues, "I don't mind, I'll be your slave if you want… but it was just boring and unexpected."

Kate ‘mhmm's and looks into the woods and changes the subject, "What do you think of the camper so far?"

"It's cool!" Ariana thinks, "You're a really good driver huh? But you took way too long to set things up when we arrived."

"Hah, next time you can do all that while I go for a swim…" Kate pinches Ariana's nose.

"Mmph, but you said I could go and enjoy myself…"

"True, well, next time just help me then. And I'm sure once we figure out a good routine it'll go faster."

The couple playfully argue a bit more about how to set up camp and how fast it should go, even going so far that with a tent it was much faster. As the sun goes down Kate who has been holding Ariana like a big teddy bear starts to feel cold. She's still in her swimsuit and Ariana is in her damp T-shirt wrapped in the towel.

They also didn't turn on any lights and it's suddenly very very dark. The intense silence aside from a few chirping bugs and rustling leaves is unsettling.

"It's even more quiet and dark than on our balcony…" Ariana whispers to Kate, she feels a nod on her shoulder. Then she asks Kate, "Wanna watch Ghost in the Shell?"

Kate smirks, "You know the whole movie word for word…"

"But I like it…" Ariana counters.

"I'd rather watch something else, but sure. And dinner? I'm not very hungry, are you?" Kate continues, thinking she'll fall asleep halfway through the movie anyway.

She gently pushes Ariana aside and starts to get up, "Let's freshen up and eat something first."

The women head inside and change into more comfortable outfits. Ariana is fiddling with her hair, thinking she should cut it shorter. Maybe shoulder length. She's suddenly tired of her long hair getting in the way or staying wet for many hours. Quietly watching Kate, she admires how her hair is much shorter and practical.

"Kate? Can you cut my hair some time?" She asks from the bedroom.

"What?" Kate calls out startled, she loves Ariana's long hair. "Why?"

"It's too long, I don't like it anymore…" Ariana announces.

"Ehh ok, yea I guess, how do you want it?" Kate sticks her head through the bedroom door, holding up a plate with some sandwiches, motioning Ariana to follow the food.

"Maybe shoulder length, like I had in school. You saw it in pictures…"

Kate disappears from the door wondering what Ariana would look like with very short hair.

Soon after Ariana comes out wearing just a sweatshirt and cotton shorts. "Well? Can you help me? Or…"

"Yea yea, I'll cut your hair if you want. But not now." Kate interrupts her. "Maybe just a bit, so it's to your back?"

Ariana ‘hmphs', and says, "I'll think about what I want."

They watch Ghost in the Shell, and as expected Kate falls asleep soon after finishing her sandwich. Ariana doesn't notice until halfway through the movie when she tells Kate she wants the same hairstyle as the main character but gets no response.

Sighing she focuses on the movie and just like always she’s fascinated with the movie world and admires Motoko, she's the best movie character ever.

When the movie finishes Ariana pulls a sleepy Kate along to the bedroom. Kate is awake, but not really aware of her surroundings and just follows Ariana like a mumbling zombie. Ariana pulls her shirt off and puts Kate to bed. She quickly brushes her teeth and joins her lover, draping herself over Kate's torso thinking about the day, soon she's asleep too.

The next morning Kate awakes at the crack of dawn feeling all refreshed. She doesn't remember going to bed and only vaguely remembers she and Ariana started watching a movie. Ariana is next to her clutching her arm, still asleep.

Carefully pulling her arm free she gets out of bed and looks outside into a cloudy morning. Heading back to the bedroom she connects the chain that's still attached to the wall to Ariana's collar and wonders if Ariana will remember where the key would be.

Not thinking too hard about it she focuses on the next order of business, tea. Kate heads to the kitchen to make some and look for cereal or something. Not finding any, she remembers they only brought bread.

A simple breakfast later Kate heads outside, noticing the door wasn't locked, and strolls around the area a bit, thinking about what to do today.

Meanwhile Ariana is having a weird dream, the cold draft from the door had hit her, causing her to shiver in her dreamworld. If she doesn't escape, the camper will be submerged into the river. In order to stop that from happening she has to undo the steel collar on her neck and drive the RV to safety.

Nothing really makes sense, but Ariana desperately wants to give Kate a hug and keep the camper dry so she yanks on the chain connecting her collar to the wall with all her might. Another gust of fresh air and Ariana moans in her sleep and tries to adjust her position, but her neck remains stuck to the wall.

Then there is a tickle on her feet interrupting her dream and when she opens her eyes Kate is sitting next to her in bed, tracing her finger along her leg.

"Morning baby…" Ariana mumbles, pushing her weird dream aside.

"Hey beautiful." Kate quietly replies. "Bad dream?"

"I dreamt I was stuck to the bed and if I didn't escape and hug you it would be submerged…" Ariana says flustered.

Kate smiles and kisses her foot with a gentle kiss, then says, "But you are stuck to the bed…" And sticks out her tongue. She then continues, "I was thinking we should continue to a proper campsite so we have a restaurant nearby for breakfast and get something to do, like a badminton set or something."

"Oh, ok, but you bought food yesterday…" Ariana wonders.

"I have a craving…" Kate admits. She wants cinnamon rolls and sweets.

"I have a craving too…" Ariana says with a twinkle in her eye. Sitting up she's abruptly stopped by the short chain. "Hurk!" She grunts as the chain pulls taut.

Kate laughs, "Careful sweetie… Today you're staying in here."

"Kaahaate!" Ariana whines. "Again? What kind of adventure is that?"

"Ssh ssh shh…" Kate shushes Ariana with a finger on her lips indicating she should shut up. Not sure what she's doing, Kate then leaves the bedroom and starts packing up their camp.

About an hour later everything is stowed away and secured in place. Including her wife who complained every time Kate entered the camper but eventually went back to sleep with an angry look on her face.

Kate smiles and feels bad for Ariana not finding her keys for her escape. She doesn't consider that Ariana might not even be looking for keys. It's time to focus on maneuvering the camper back onto the main road and while driving picks a new campsite on the GPS.

Arriving at their new destination an hour or so later Kate briefly looks around and likes what she sees, reserving a spot for a few nights and parks the camper. Ariana meanwhile tries to come to terms with why Kate is keeping her locked up.

Quickly learning that being a captive is boring and sucks, she decides to try and escape. While she doesn't really mind being Kate's servant, this nonsense is no fun. It reminds her of her past boyfriends and she doesn't want that. So it's time to escape and tell Kate what a terrible partner she is.

Inspecting the eyelet and chain to see if she can get loose Ariana almost immediately finds the padlock keys between the mattress and wall. Staring at them in disbelief she tries it on the lock connecting the chain to the wall. It clicks open immediately. The other key removes the chain from her collar.

"Whoa, it's all fake…" Ariana mumbles and considers locking herself to the bed again to play Kate's game or whatever this is.

Kate isn't really playing a game, nothing thought out anyway. She just chained her to the camper for no real purpose.

Ariana gets properly dressed for the first time in two days, peeking around the curtain she sees that they're in a new place surrounded by trees. Not much sunlight, so it's probably cloudy. She'll wear her hiking pants and a hoodie. Peeking out the door, Kate is sitting near it on a blanket, reading her book and just as she starts to sneak up on her Kate looks up.

"Hah, you finally let yourself loose?" Kate laughs, "Took you long enough…"

Ariana ‘hmms' and sits next to Kate leaning her head on her shoulder. Trying to find words to tell Kate she doesn't want to be treated like this. "I don't like what you're doing…" She finally says.

"What's that?" Kate asks, "Being chained up?"

"No, you're doing whatever while I'm stuck inside. I want to be part of our adventure! Being a slave sucks." Ariana bursts out. "And the way you do it, it reminds me of before…"

"Oh…" Kate looks hurt now and puts her book aside as she wraps her arms around her lover. "I never meant to hurt you, you know?"

Ariana nods.

And Kate continues, "But, the key was always in arms length… Why didn't you get out sooner?"

Not sure what to say Ariana just leans into Kate's embrace. "Just hold me Kate… Don't talk…"

Kate gets the hint and pulls Ariana in a tighter embrace, pressing a kiss on her scalp. The girls sit like that for a few moments looking at the trees and bushes around them.

"You know I love y…" Kate starts.

"Shut up Kate…" Ariana turns her head and kisses Kate on her cheek.

"But…" Kate tries again.

"No, don't, talk…" Ariana demands. Pressing another kiss onto her neck.

Kate frowns, unsure what to do next.

"Where are we? It's pretty here." Ariana wants to know a few moments later.

Kate inhales deeply and tugs on her arms but says nothing.

"You can talk…" Ariana smirks.

"Sweetie, I'm sorry, I ehh… Are you ok? Anything I should do?" Kate immediately starts apologizing.

"Where are we?" Ariana asks again.

"Oh uhh, some campsite down the road from where we were yesterday. Dunno, it has a store and restaurant." Kate answers.

"Hmm… Should I make pancakes and bacon?" Ariana asks next.

"No babe, you just relax. You did enough for today." Kate assures her. "Try to cheer up, ok?" Kate then suggests, "But we can check out the store if you want," She still wants a cinnamon roll.

Ariana sneaks her hand up Kate's back under her shirt. "I want you Kate, all the time. Please…" she pleads.

"I know sweetie," Kate replies. "I want you too, forever."

Ariana looks up at Kate and they smile at each other.

After a while the women head inside and Kate removes the collar from Ariana. Throwing it aside thinking it’s enough of that for a while. After locking up they go exploring, checking out the little supermarket which mostly sells steaks, beans, beer and other barbecue supplies. No cinnamon rolls, much to the disappointment of Kate.

Ariana finds flour and eggs and promises to make sweet pancakes instead. Drenched in syrup.

They explore the area and decide to go for a long walk the next day. A few kilometers away from the campsite they rest in the sun and almost get caught just as their kissing is about to turn into sex.

Looking shyly into the distance as Ariana arranges her shirt while Kate can't stop grinning, they head back to the camper to continue their escapade.

Unsure of how soundproof the camper really is, Ariana tries to stifle her moans as they finger each other to a quick orgasm. Just as Kate tenses up and with a deep sigh feels her body go limp Ariana orgasms with a grunt and they both lie there staring at the ceiling before falling asleep.

#### **13 - Getting a haircut**

On the 3rd day Ariana brings up her hair again and shows Kate what hairstyle Motoko from Ghost in the Shell has. Which amounts to a sort of bop cut with longer bangs.

Kate thinks Ariana can't have anime hair, certainly not purple hair. And argues that cutting off almost a meter in length is a very drastic change and suggests that Ariana keeps it a bit longer, similar to her own hairstyle.

But Ariana insists she wants it short like her favorite movie character.

Kate grumbles but gives in, with great hesitation she cuts Ariana's hair below her shoulder blades as an attempt to change her mind.

"So not like this?" She wants Ariana to consider the more reasonable length. "Look, you can still make ponytails and things. Just like my hair. It's very pretty…" As she bunches her hair with her hand.

But it's no use, Ariana wants anime hair.

"Fine," And with that Kate gets to work cutting Ariana's hair down to seemingly almost nothing. She hopes she can get used to it.

The women have cut and maintained each other's hair for ages. Fixing bangs, or removing dead tips, simple things like that… Kate especially has been on the lucky end of it as Ariana is far more adept at it.

Making specific styles other than wavy or straight never really was their forte though.

After about an hour of matching left and right and comparing pictures, Kate is finally done.

A huge amount of Ariana's hair is pooled around her on the floor. Ariana frowns at it, she imagined it would be less messy.

Turning left and right in front of the small mirror, she thinks she looks like a Japanese version of Scarlett Johansson playing Motoko in the live-action movie. Which is alright, but not quite like the anime version.

Kate comes up behind her and kisses her now exposed neck. "I'll have to admit it looks much nicer than I thought…" Kate whispers, "But I prefer your hair longer. You know, if I could choose for you."

Ariana smiles at her in the mirror. "I like it. Now we just have to make it purple…" And laughs at the startled look Kate gives her.

Hoping that Ariana is joking, Kate sticks out her tongue and goes to sit in the sun, leaving Ariana to clean up. Ariana stands in the shower cabin and ruffles her new hair to get rid of all the loose strands but not much falls out. Satisfied she then cleans up her loose hair and fills up half a convenience store bag with it.

Taking a selfie and sending it to Lisa, Kate's sister, she quickly gets a blown mind emoji back.

‘Do you like it?' Ariana sends.

‘It's cute, very you, but also very short… I bet Kate won't like it.' Comes the reply.

‘She cut it herself.' Ariana assures Lisa. Which results in another whoa-like emoji. ‘How is the camper holding up?' Lisa asks.

‘It's alright I think, but Kate is being weird.' Ariana replies.

Later that afternoon Ariana goes to find a few pinecones to bring home. And some kid calls her out, "Hey you’re that woman from Ghost!" He waves at her.

Ariana waves back with a smile. "Yes!"

"Oh, but you need to complete the look." The boy tells her.

"I'll think about that." Ariana says, not sure what he means with that, and continues her search.

The breeze in the forest tickles her neck, she didn't feel that for a long time. And the reduced weight on her head is also noticeable. Enjoying her newfound sense of freedom she scurries around until she finds some big pine cones.

Coming back to the camper Kate is on the phone with someone.

"… yes I, we, felt very awkward."

The phone splutters something.

"What? No, I don…" Kate is interrupted.

"No. I don't wan…" More interruptions.

The phone squeaks and Kate looks desperate to get a word in.

She's so focused she doesn't even notice Ariana coming back and flinches when Ariana touches her. Immediately lowering the phone as it continues to ramble. "Oh babe, I hate my parents… But I also want them… You know?" She looks sad.

Ariana shakes her head ‘no' and leans in close and whispers in her ear, "I have no parents remember… But tell yours they can chat with you, or email. No phone." And sticks her tongue in Kate's ear. Causing her lover to squeal.

Ariana giggles and says out loud, "Is that your weirdo dad again? Kate?"

The phone abruptly stops talking. And Kate frowns at her…

"Kate? Hello?" Comes the tiny voice of Kate's father from the phone.

"Yes dad… It's just Ariana."

Something angry comes from the phone.

"Yes she thinks you are. Yes…"

Ariana makes a face to Kate and goes to put her pinecones inside. Determined to interrupt Kate's talk with her dad, Ariana comes back out a minute later and pokes Kate in her side. Causing Kate to giggle and shoo her away.

Undeterred, she leans in and tickles Kate’s neck. Finally pressing a kiss below her ear. "Hang up if you love meeeee" She whispers.

Kate silently laughs at her and tries not to laugh out loud seeing Ariana's goofy face.

Ariana proceeds to sit on Kate's lap and heavily leans in to her. "Love me kaaaaate!" She quietly moans.

The phone stops talking again. Followed by a short murmur.

"Yes I'm listening," Kate sighs to her dad. Wishing Ariana would quit fucking around. Or better yet, that her dad would just leave her alone.

Ariana busies herself with trying to pinch Kate's nipples and Kate takes immediate revenge by pinching back, or pulling her nose or ears. Soon Kate forgets her phone and the girls playfully fight out their little battle.

Somewhere along the line Burke, Kate's dad, notices he's not getting any response anymore, instead he hears giggles and laughs. Clearly nobody on the other end pays attention to him and after a few attempts to get Kate back on the line he hangs up.

Kate finally gets the upper hand on Ariana and the two struggle for a bit when she declares victory. Looking at her phone she sees the conversation ended minutes ago. "Look what you did!" She accuses Ariana with a smirk, showing her the phone.

"Good, he wasn't saying anything useful anyway I'm sure." Ariana gasps. Then, "What did he want anyway?"

"I'm not sure, he started to sort of apologize, for last month, but then it turned into a lecture about how I should lead my life… And then you came back."

Ariana shrugs and thinks Kate is wasting her time with her dad. "If I can make a decision for you? I don't want you to talk to him… You look very stressed out when you do. It's not nice to see you like that."

"Oh you do huh?" Kate smiles at her.

"Yes, I want you to be happy. You don't look happy when you talk to him… Remember you told me to forget my mom? Maybe you should forget your parents also…" Ariana says.

"Yes, but…" Kate hesitates. "That's different…" Kate weakly argues. Realizing it's actually pretty similar.

"Kate!" Ariana insists, "It's not different… Think about it."

"Yes maybe…" Kate whispers lost in thought.

Much like Kate’s parents, Ariana's mother does not approve of them being together, let alone marrying. If it were up to Ariana's mother she'd be in a traditional setting where Ariana becomes a housewife for a man, just like herself. When she last met Ariana the year before she made that very clear before going back to Japan where she married some businessman she met online.

#### **14 - The end**

That evening Ariana and Kate head to a restaurant along the main road, almost a kilometer away. They decide to walk there and make it a bit of an adventure hike.

Arriving at the restaurant just as darkness sets in they find the place closed. A frustrated Kate kicks the door and they head back through the dark. Quickly getting lost on the way because Kate suggested a ‘shortcut'.

"Yea… let's take a shortcut, she said." Ariana mocks her wife. "It'll be quicker, she said…"

"Oh shut up, like you know where we are…" Kate grumbles, she was looking forward to a nice steak and is upset that the restaurant is closed. "Remind me to bring the flashlight next time."

Soon they find the camper and Ariana pushes herself up against Kate, bumping into the backside of the vehicle. They kiss for a while and quietly gasp for air and giggle when the window slides open and an angry voice bellows for them to ‘get fucking lost'.

Without a word the women scurry away, confused about where they are.

Kate can't stand being lost and declares that the camper must have been stolen. Ariana doesn't think so and keeps looking around for something she recognizes. Through the bushes they see a light and stumble into the campsite's little restaurant and mini-supermarket.

"At last, a place we know. Let's eat here?" Kate suggests.

"Sure," Ariana agrees.

A big plate of spaghetti bolognese and a chicken sub later, the women head ‘home'. Kate had too much wine and is a bit wobbly on her feet.

Ariana follows the path this time and leads them back to the adventure home.

Kate insists on showering together, so they stand in the tiny space barely able to move. Ariana manages to wash them both down and finally dries off Kate and herself.

Kate stumbles to bed mumbling drunken things about the shower and drops down on the bed naked.

Ariana looks at her silly wife and for a bit of a joke locks her collar around Kate's neck. When Kate doesn't respond she connects the chain to it and chains Kate to the wall before lying down next to her and the pair is soon vast asleep.

The next morning Ariana is rudely awoken by Kate poking her in the chest.

"Wha? Oww… Hey, stop it…" Ariana complains. She hates waking up early.

"Unchain me you dummy, I need to piss! What do you think you're doing?" Kate growls at her.

"Sorry boss, it's just a joke…" Ariana mumbles submissively and yawns. "Where is the key?"

"I don't know, you had it last. Hurry up!" Kate scoffs at her.

‘Geez, what a mood.' Ariana thinks and lazily crawls out of bed to look for the key. Which she finds a few minutes later on the dinner table.

She unlocks Kate from the wall who rushes to the bathroom to relieve herself. Ariana goes back to bed and is asleep moments later.

"Never chain me up again Ariana." Kate calls out from the bathroom, with obvious relief. She enters the bedroom, "Hey are you listening to me?"

But Ariana is sleeping.

"I'll get you… Just you wait." Kate whispers. Turning on her heels she looks for their toolkit and rummages through it to find a roll of electrical tape that she saw Martin use to isolate wires.

Back in the bedroom she sits down next to Ariana and folds Ariana's hands into fists, holding on to her own thumb and wraps a loop of tape around her fingers. When her fingers are stuck in place she wraps both hands into black stumps. Careful to make the tape smooth and tight, but not so tight, she hopes, that it hurts Ariana.

20 minutes later Ariana's hands are covered in two layers of tape. Kate admires her handiwork and mumbles, "That'll teach you." Looking at the time, the checkout time is approaching and she goes and packs up their camp.

This time it goes much quicker.

Ariana doesn't wake up until Kate starts the engine and just as she presses down the gas pedal she hears a quiet "What the fuck?" From the bedroom.

"Kate? What's this?" Ariana calls out from the bedroom.

"That's what you get for chaining me to the wall, girlie." Kate says in her sweetest voice.

After a few moments of silence Ariana's response has Kate roll her eyes, "I like it, it's pretty."

‘There goes my punishment.' Kate thinks and she shouts to the back, "Yeah? See how you like it in a week or so!"

Ariana has no response for that.

Kate is driving on the highway as Ariana finally emerges from the bedroom. She sits next to Kate. Kate quickly looks sideways to look at Ariana burst out in laughter.

Ariana looks like a right mess, she managed to get into a skirt, but it's backwards. She's ‘wearing' a shirt, but one arm is not in its sleeve and her hair is an unkempt mess. "You look like crap." Kate laughs at her.

"Can you add more tape? Kate?" Ariana aska, ignoring Kate's remark.

"What do you mean? Like cover you all the way?" Kate carefully asks.

"Yea why not." Ariana responds with a glimmer in her eyes.

That's not what Kate wants to hear, this is supposed to be a sort of mock punishment. Not a turn-on. She sighs, "So, to home depot for more tape then?"

Ariana brightens up and nods, "Can we?"

"NO!" Kate resolutely says, taking away Ariana's fun.

— Continues in Story ten —
