---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/safety_maid.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Safety Maid
authors:
- ABrank
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- electroplay
- caught
- F/m
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-20 00:00:00
---

Why the hell wasn’t the maid coming down? I had placed her money on top of
the note I had written; she could not possibly have missed it. I heard her
walking about. She had finished using the vacuum cleaner, but still was not
coming down. My note said to come down immediately. But perhaps, I thought
hopefully, she only picked up her money at the end when she had finished
cleaning. She would read it then. That must be it.

I had bound myself in chains for erotic pleasure in the basement of my
house, but had failed to escape and was now in agony. I was standing with my
arms stretched up and out and secured by handcuffs. My feet were held wide apart
by cuffs around my ankles forcing me to stand on tiptoe. I am tough and at first
the position had not seemed too strenuous, but it forced me to make the terrible
choice between trying to support my weight by my arched feet or my hands.
Eventually I could do neither; my muscles tired and the pain in my feet, ankles,
calves, thighs and hands became too great and I just hung limply from the
handcuffs around my wrists. Any attempt to flex my feet and legs just seemed to
induce more pain rather than relieve the pressure on my wrists. The sporadic
electric shocks, which caused some of my muscles to twitch, did nothing to help.
All feeling had long since left my hands and I was certain I would have
permanent nerve damage.
A mouth-filling gag prevented me from calling out for help to the maid so
tantalizingly close above me. I could make some noise, but apparently not enough
to be heard. For the last hour I had been trying to attract her attention, but
had failed, and the effort had both exhausted and frightened me. I couldn’t
breathe through the gag, at least not sufficiently to sustain life, and my
efforts to make a loud enough noise were beginning to block my nasal passages.
Fearing that I might die of slow asphyxiation, I lapsed into silence. I
couldn’t make any significant sound with the rest of my body; most of it was
in tension and my arms and legs were almost completely immobilized.
My maid, Solana, was my second backup, my third escape method, but she was not
performing this function very well. I didn’t really need a maid, but had
decided to hire one and use her as a safety. She came every Saturday afternoon.
This allowed me to indulge in self-bondage every Friday night and Saturday
morning with the assurance that if something went wrong she would be there to
release me.
I hadn’t needed her before this, I had always managed to escape, but now that
I really needed her she wasn’t responding. She didn’t know she was my
safety. The arrangement I had was that if I didn’t answer the front door, she
was to go round to the back door, locate the hidden key, and enter the kitchen.
Her money would be on the counter and she was to perform her usual cleaning
chores. After that she was to lock the back door and leave by the front door
which was self-locking.
So every Friday night I concealed the back door key, wrote a note telling her to
go immediately to the bedroom or basement, wherever I had bound myself, and put
it on the counter along with her money. And every Saturday morning, after I had
released myself, I would retrieve the key and discard the note. But not today.
My primary and secondary escape methods had failed, and I was left to rely on
her.
I was doing a self-bondage session inspired by a story I had read on the
Internet. The author had used a safety backup consisting of a can of oil that
had to be spilled to release the backup key. But in my erotic stupidity I
spurned such devices. If one can free oneself at any time, even at the cost of
some unpleasant cleanup, then to my erotic mind it was not secure bondage. Once
I had bound myself I wanted my continued bondage to be involuntary, not subject
to some tradeoff between the pain of the bondage and some other task. No, I had
to be bound securely with absolutely no possibility of escape till my timers
released the key. Of course this left me vulnerable to natural disasters such as
a fire, but I was prepared to take those risks. I craved the feeling of true
helplessness. Or at least I did before I put myself in bondage. Sometimes, as
now, I bitterly regretted my decisions, but my escape methods had never failed
before.
I had done something a little different this time. I wanted to be uncertain of
the time of my release. For my main timer I had used three separate ice timers.
Wanting my minimum bondage time to be half an hour, and allowing myself half an
hour to get into my bondage, I had accordingly set one ice timer for an hour,
one for an hour and a half, and one for about two hours. To make sure that I
could not know which one was active, I had concealed them behind a beam and run
the strings over it. Although I had tested this release, something must have
gone wrong. Perhaps there was too much friction, or perhaps the string had
snagged on a splinter.
My backup timer also seemed to have failed. This consisted of two lamp timers
connected in series. The one outside the box was set for an hour. The one hidden
inside the box was set for somewhere between zero and six hours, thus the total
time would be at least one, but not more than seven hours. I did not know how
long since I had spun the dial while it was hidden from sight within the box.
After spinning the dial I tested that it was off, so it would not come on
immediately the first timer activated. When the second timer finally turned on,
it would power on a 100-watt light bulb. This would quickly melt some candle wax
releasing the embedded string which would allow the key to swing down to my
hand. I had tested this release and it appeared to work reliably, but now it
also seemed to have failed since I had been in bondage for more than twelve
hours.
I couldn’t account for the failure. I had used a new bulb, so it was unlikely
to have blown. I thought initially there might have been a power failure, but
such failures are rare, and even when they do occur they seldom last more than a
few minutes. This would not reset my timers which are the primitive electric
motor kind. In addition my shocking machine had been delivering its irregularly
spaced shocks with no excessively long intermission. The maid had also used the
electric vacuum cleaner, so my theory of power failure seemed incorrect.
My blindfold prevented me from seeing what had gone wrong. Some self-bondage
devotees use the timers to turn on lights which then illuminate the dials of
combination locks. But no, not me. I wanted complete external sensory
deprivation so that I would be forced to concentrate on my condition, the aches
and pains of my rigid bondage. To that end I had also blocked my ears. But I
could not completely shut out the sounds of the world. I had heard the vacuum
cleaner and the clacking of the maid’s shoes as she walked about on the wooden
floor above my head. But before she had arrived my little internal world of
suffering was essentially isolated.
I vowed I would never put myself in bondage again. But I recalled I had made
such vows several times before. But after each such session the pain was slowly
forgotten and the craving for bondage returned, and I was eventually compelled
to try it again. I would start gently but quickly build up to more strenuous
sessions. But this time I had definitely gone too far. Already I thought I had
damaged my wrists and hands beyond repair, and unless the maid came down soon I
would surely die. Even if, by some miracle, one of the keys should now fall into
my hands, I lacked the ability to release myself. My hands were numb, there was
no way I could even hold, let alone manipulate, a key.
My bonds were much too secure for me to escape. Not for me the use of ropes with
the potential for slipping or untying knots. No, I had to use handcuffs, chains,
and padlocks. There was even a sturdy metal collar around my neck attached to a
heavy chain.
Surely Solana had finished by now. She had been here a long time, hours it
seemed. She had been quiet for several minutes. Perhaps she was finally reading
my note. But then I heard her walking towards the front door. I heard it open
and close. Then silence.
How could she leave? Why would she ignore the instructions on my note? Then the
awful thought suddenly struck me - she couldn’t read English! She was from
Guatemala and hadn’t been in this country long. She spoke English well enough
so I just assumed she could read it. But perhaps she couldn’t. Perhaps she
couldn’t read my note!
What a fool I was, all these last months assuming I had a safety backup when in
reality I did not. Although I had followed my cardinal rule of testing all my
release methods, it had never occurred to me to test my safety backup.
I was doomed. The house was now locked up tight. The next scheduled visitor
would be Solana herself when she came in a week’s time. Surely I would be dead
by then. But even if I weren’t she wouldn’t be able to get in the house.
When I failed to answer the front door she would go round to the back. On
finding that the key was missing she would almost certainly leave rather than
try to break in. She would assume I had gone away on a business trip or vacation
and had forgotten to leave the key or inform her.
She might telephone. But my answering machine would provide no clue to my
whereabouts. It might be weeks or months before anyone found my body.
I gave up. I was certain I was going to die. Rather than suffer the continued
agony of my bondage, and the increasing pain of the electric shocks, coupled
with thirst and future starvation, I decided to kill myself. I tried holding my
breath. But I could not overcome the primitive life force of my body which was
determined to survive no matter what.
I was trying to asphyxiate myself yet again when I heard footsteps descending
the wooden stairs into the basement. What was happening? Was I dead already and
in some kind of purgatory? Was this a ghost? Was it some burglar? I froze, my
emotions oscillating between fear and hope, although fear seemed predominant.
Who or whatever it was stopped on the concrete floor in front of me. I strained
my ears but could hear nothing. My hair was standing on end and I imagined some
unearthly creature from beyond the grave looking at me.
Suddenly I felt a hand on my face, and my blindfold was removed.
“Senor,” Solana exclaimed, “you look most unfortunate.”
My relief at her presence overwhelmed my sense of embarrassment. Indeed I must
have looked peculiar to her, cruelly chained and dressed as a street hooker, but
with gag, nipple clamps, testicle weights, and wires from my shocking machine
going to various parts of my body, including my exposed penis.
“You want me to release you?”
I nodded.
But first senor, I take a picture.” She took out her cell phone and took
several pictures.
“I think, senor, you not pay me enough money for the cleaning I do.”
I asked if she were trying to extort money from me, but of course she could not
understand what I was saying.
“Perhaps, senor, you pay me twice as much for my cleaning?”
I nodded; I did not seem to have much choice.
“Starting today?”
Again I nodded.
Finally she released me.
It seemed an inauspicious start to what turned out to be a very satisfying and
long-term relationship. When I asked her how she knew I was in the basement she
said that maids who clean houses get to know a lot of things, and it is
difficult to keep secrets from them. She was pretty sure of what I was doing in
the basement and pretended to leave to give me an extra thrill. As to the
failure of my timers, I think friction was the cause of the ice timer failure,
and stupidity the cause of the electric lamp timer failure. Since I had not
looked at the timer in the box when I adjusted it, I had somehow left it in the
off position. The nerves to my hands were indeed damaged, but gradually
recovered over the next several weeks.
