---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Modern Cuckoldry Works!
authors:
- Captain Lance
tags:
- F/m
- M/f
- cuckold
- latex
- bond
- sex
- oral
- wrap
- plaster
- encase
- fist
- enema
- cons
- X
date: 2010-09-08 00:00:00
---

My wife and I were avid Internet fans. Always looking something up, checking out new places, things, and activities. One day, while cruising the web I came across a Yahoo group called " Cuckoldry Couples". Interesting, I thought. Investigating further, I found out that this once shameful; humiliating practice had become the newest rage in couple’s sexual play. The object is for the wife to find and engage other men while she denies her husband sex, either permanently, or as part of an intricate dance of sexual power play. The husband willingly accepts, or even demands that his wife ‘rule" the bedroom. He often will willingly accept being held in a chastity device that eliminates all contact with his penis. Masturbation, intercourse, and fellatio are impossible. The wife will control when and if he receives satisfaction, all the while being free and able to find, and engage as many men as she sees fit.

The husband must totally facilitate her needs and desires. He must buy her sexy outfits to wear on dates, cater to her needs, treat her as his Princess, assist her in dressing for her dates, and both see and experience all that has happened as she tells him every detail of her trysts. In many cases, he is required to clean her up upon her return home using his tongue to cleanse the deposits that her lover left behind. He may even undergo the humiliation of seeing her lover come to their home to pick his wife up... and sometimes, see them climb into the marital bed while he stands by and awaits her trysts completion. In a few cases I read, the husband was required to suck the cock of his wife’s lover clean after he finished fucking her! I could not believe the level of detail that the website went into, just reading it was very exciting.

I spoke to my wife, Bobbi-Jo, about this lifestyle and although she listened intently, she did not profess any real interest. I brought the subject up a few times, but not much response. Then, one day we were out to dinner with friends and looking at the girl’s Tee shirt, I saw the imprint " Cuckoldress, interested?" Bringing the subject up, she told about her liaisons, the many men she had met and conquered, and the phenomenal sexual tension that it had brought to their marriage. She told of her finding men everywhere she went, something that she had never thought of doing before. Her husband told of his denial, and how he eagerly awaited his wife’s return home, now as often as three times a week. She told my wife about her loving to be a sex object once again, and how she felt so wonderfully complete as a sex object. Bobbi actually listened to her and seemed very interested in what she offered. After parting, we drove home, on the way she brought the subject up and confessed interest, and with my eagerness, said that she " Would see" if it was something she wanted to do.

A few weeks later, we decided to go out for the evening, diner, and a dance club. My wife dressed, as I had not seen her do in a few years. She wore a fetish outfit that I loved on her. A very short pleated black latex mini skirt, a red satin crop top with one sleeve, and black knee high spike heel boots. Her makeup and jewelry were perfect, and she looked so radiant that I felt absolutely turned on just seeing her. We climbed into our car and began the drive to the restaurant that she had selected. It was a very upscale steak house with a bar, known as a ‘hot spot" in town. On the way, she asked if we could stop by the local beach for a minute to look at the surf. Romantic, I thought.

Arriving, she directed me to a remote parking lot that was nearly empty. Looking around a lot, she pointed to a new Escalade parked by the back of the lot. " Park over there, but not too close to that car, OK?" she said.

Sure, why not, I thought. Parking about a hundred feet away, she turned to me and asked me to shut the motor off. I did, and she looked at me, took my hand and said. " Love, you wanted to be a Cuckold, so now you are getting what you want. In that car is a guy that I met I at the store yesterday. I deliberately struck up a conversation, and I gave him my phone number. He is handsome, hard bodied, and looked at me with un unmistakable lust." she said. " He called this morning and asked me to meet him here. I have every intention of either fucking him, or sucking his cock while you sit here and wait for me. I will be back in about a half hour. Do not honk, come to the car or anything, just sit and wait."

"Oh yes, as you can see, I am not wearing any panties, so if he fucks me, you can watch his cum drip down my legs all night long".

With that, she gave me peck on the cheek and hopped out of the car, skipping happily over to his car. She jumped in, and because of the very black windows, I was able to see nothing. I sat there in disbelief. Half jealous, half excited as I imagined what was going on. In almost exactly a half hour, she exited his car and came back to ours. Getting in, she looked like she had been making out continuously. Her hair and makeup were askew, and her face was plastered and dripping with fresh cum!  Saying nothing, she slid over to me, took my head in her hand and pressed her lips against mine. Mouths open, we kissed as I tasted the cum being pushed from her mouth into mine. She had saved it for me! Passion overtook me, I immediately pushed my hand down and under her skirt to masturbate her clit, but she withdrew and slapped my face! "I am in control now, hands off unless I say so! " She barked.

I withdrew at once and said "Sorry, Mistress" without thinking what I was saying.

"That’s better, now behave and drive". On the way, she told me all about him, his super hard large cock, his lust for her, and how she was so excited to have met him. My cock was near the bursting point just listening to her. Dinner was a blur, she spoke non stop about her lust, and how turned on she was. Finishing dinner, she excused herself and said she was going to the ladies room, for me to go to the car and wait; she would be out in a while, maybe 20 minutes or so. Odd, I thought, but I didn’t say anything.

About a half hour later, she appeared. Getting in, she kissed me, and took my hand and slid it under her skirt. Placing it on her pussy. It was soaked and sticky. I looked at her with a questioning look.  " I have to tell you, the guy at the beach was so hot, that I invited him to come to the restaurant and wait fore me. Try as I did, it was impossible to fuck him in the car, so I decided to do it here. He was at the bar all the time we were eating; I could not keep my eyes off of him. So, I approached him and he dragged me into the men’s room, bent me over the sink and fucked my until we both came. It was the hottest sex I have ever had." she exclaimed. I eagerly masturbated her until her swollen clit once again felt the rush of sexual release. As I pulled my hand out, she took it and sucked my fingers clean of his cum, then took my hand again and slid it into her pussy. This time, it was mine to lick clean, which I did eagerly. " You like eating other men’s cum, I guess?" she said. "Well, that’s good, because you will have plenty of it to eat from now on".

A few days later, Bobbi-Jo came to the dinner table dressed to kill once again.

 "Date night, Honey!" she exclaimed. "He will be here in a half hour to pick me up, so be nice to him, OK?"

"Yes" I replied. "Of course I will"

"You have to get ready too. I want you to wear your latex catsuit and my pink thigh high boots and latex gauntlet gloves with my locking neck collar when he comes to the door. You will stay that way until I call you on the phone, you will then put the latex hood on you that has only a mouth hole, and you will handcuff your wrists together, and kneel on the floor until I arrive. Understood??" she proclaimed. I agreed, and went to the bedroom, only to find the entire outfit laid out for me. I quickly got dressed and returned to the living room to wait with her.

The doorbell rang. I got up and went to answer it. Opening the door, I saw what she had meant; he was a hunk of a man, 30-ish, tall, bronzed from the sun, devilishly handsome and very well spoken as well. Ushering him into the living room, Bobbi-Jo got up and with a smile from ear to ear, opened her arms, threw them around his neck, raised one leg and passionately kissed him for a long while. Letting go, she stepped back and twirled around showing off her outfit, it was exquisite.

Her top was sheer see thru black sleeveless crop top, her skirt was a bright red leather micro mini that barely covered her behind, and her shoes were 2" platform spike heeled "Come Fuck Me" ankle straps. Around her neck was a stainless steel slave collar with a "D" ring, which had been locked on to her. After introductions, she took his hand and left the house, giving me a peck on the lips as she closed the door behind her. Several hours later, the phone rang. "Get ready, slave" was all she said, and then she hung up before I could say a word. I complied at once...

It seemed as if I waited there, kneeling for an eternity. Then, the door opened. I heard footsteps approach, and was greeted by her taking the top of my head and pushing it towards the floor. "Lick my shoes, Cuckold" she barked.

I did as ordered, with my tongue I washed every inch of her patent CFM shoes until she was satisfied. Allowing me to kneel again, she held her hand under my chin and told me to" Open wide" With that, I felt a cock pushing into my mouth. Something I had never felt before. The taste of my wife’s sex, mixed with her lover’s cum was unmistakable. I did my best to do as she asked; I sucked and licked him until his cock was rock hard and ready to explode. The taste of his precum was starting to fill my mouth as I took him deep into my throat. As I felt him stiffen his body against mine, he shot a gargantuan load of cum straight into my throat. I gagged and choked as he came, but luckily, I was able to swallow his juices without spilling a drop.  When she was happy with my work, I felt the cock slide out of my mouth, I heard her kiss him "goodbye" and show him to the door. She came back to me, told me to lie on my back on the floor, and then carefully placed her pussy against my lips, sitting down on me carefully. I spent the next hour ministering to her needs; I licked and sucked her clean, and tongued her clit to a wonderful squirting orgasm. Finishing her needs up, she stood me up, removed my hood and handcuffs and unzipped the crotch of my catsuit, which was soaked with precum.

"Ok, I guess it’s your turn now" she said." you are a good cocksucker and a great cuckold, and an even better husband" For the next hour we explored each other’s bodies as we had never done before in our many years of marriage.

We undressed, showered and fell into bed. We talked for a while before sleep overtook us, and she told me that she was leaving next Friday for the weekend.

"Paul has something very special in store for me" she said with emotion. " I am not sure what, but I sense that it is a very involved and special treat."

"You must realize that I am going to need a whole new wardrobe if I am to be a wanton slut, don’t you?" she admonished.

The next morning, we awoke, got ourselves ready for a day of shopping and hit the roads early. We spent the entire day looking at and buying her a collection of tiny tops, halters, bikinis, hot pants, jeans micro shorts, and super tiny skirts of all types. She tried everything on for me, and made sure that it turned me on before she bought it. Of course, commentary was included with each try on, like, " Wouldn’t this look great to go man hunting in?" I agreed, of course. Each day following was a fashion show of sorts; she made sure to dress in a new sexy, tiny outfit each day, regardless of her day’s activities.

Friday evening came quickly. Bobbi-jo made sure that she picked exactly the right outfit to wear; she prepared herself fully and completely before Paul’s arrival. She was the picture of sexy, standing there in our den, dressed in a pleated jeans flare skirt that hardly reached to the bottom of her behind. A crop top of white open mesh, and white platform heels with ankle straps.

Just before she left, she gave me a present of sorts; she made me drop my pants, and slid a stainless steel cock tube over my penis. The tube was arced downward, and had a closed end with a small hole for drainage. The tube had a ring that closed behind my testicles and locked shut with a tiny brass padlock. "No fun for you this weekend, Cuckold!" she exclaimed." I want you hot and horny when I return home Sunday night".

Paul came to the door shortly, and with a brief kiss she walked out, arm in arm with him and drove off.
Chapter #2

Driving to his home, Paul spent much of the time complimenting Bobbi-Jo on her fantastic looks, and her amazing sexuality. She begged him to tell her what the surprise was he had in store, but he only shook his head "NO".

Arriving, he helped her from his car and walked her inside. He commanded her to lift her skirt, and she did. Gazing at her neatly trimmed bush, he shook his head and said "That will not do. You must be clean shaven, I am going to shave you now." She was a bit shocked, but said yes to his request. "Stand there with your legs spread wide, and your skirt lifted" was his command.

He left for the bath, and returned with a cup of shaving lather and an old fashioned straight razor. She was a bit frightened at the ominous look of the long sharp razor, but her love of things frightening made her stand there, mute. He lathered her and made sure that the brush found it’s way across her pussy lips several times. She was becoming very aroused by the soft, wet lather and silken feel of the bristles gliding on her precious, delicate skin.  Deftly and rapidly, the razor slid across her nether regions, a flick of the blade and again it crossed. In what seemed like only seconds, she was clean-shaven. She felt somehow embarrassed by her nakedness and vulnerability to him. Wiping her clean of the remaining lather, he cupped his hand and lathered it up.

Without warning, nor a spoken word, he pushed three fingers into her pussy and began to turn his hand around and around, pushing it further into her. She took it easily and without pain. Pulling his hand back an inch, he cupped the remaining fingers together, and pushed in again, he was now trying to fist fuck her with his whole hand. The sensation was both scary and intense, she had never before been fist fucked, and she was committed to pleasing her lover so she stood there and took whatever pain was starting to course through her. By the time he was inserted up to his finger’s second joint, the pain becomes a reality. She was grimacing and crying out softly as he rounded his hand and pushed harder.

"Breathe deeply and when I say so, tighten your stomach as much as you can," he instructed. She shook her head "Yes".

He applied more lather to his hand, and kept twisting it and pushing at the same time. "NOW" he called out. With that, she felt a sharp jolt of intense pain. His entire hand was now buried deep in her wet pussy. She opened her eyes and looked down, seeing her lover’s wrist pressed against her pussy lips. "Breath deeply" he again instructed. She shook her head "Yes". He resumed twisting his hand inside of her. The sensations were as nothing she had ever experienced before. She came several times, one after another until she was spent. Weak on her legs, she was obviously unable to continue with her lusty session. He told her to breath deeply and hold her stomach tight again, as he pulled his hand out of her in one rapid jerk. She screamed out, and nearly fainted. He caught her, and carried her to his bed where his laid her down to rest.

Awakening a few hours later, she sprang back to life, finding her ankles and wrists tied with satin scarves. Kinky, she thought." I love bondage" She then asked once more what the surprise was he had in store for her. This time he replied.

"You are a beautiful, sensual creature, my lover, and as such, you should be kept that way for eternity, as the Princesses of ancient Egypt were". Confused, she though this was a series of compliments designed to flatter her ego. (It worked).

"OK", she said, "why not?" Seemed like a good answer.

"Then it is settled, you will be prepared, anointed with oils and mummified alive for my pleasure" he exclaimed. She laughed at what she saw as a joke.

Trying to sit up, she found that she was unable to move. "You were drugged while you slept, my lover, it will make it so much easier for you this way"

She began to think it was not a joke.. Maybe her was really going to do it.

He picked her up from his bed and carried her into another room. In the room was a stainless Gurney steel table like you would see in a hospital, many odd objects, instruments, and rolls of gauze, tape, latex strips, and bottles of fluids, pails of paste and more. He took a large knife and cut her clothes from her limp body. She began to panic, and cried out at him. He ignored her protests, and told her not to waste her precious breath, no one would hear her, the room was sound proofed and the closest neighbor was a quarter mile away. Paul picked up a pail of some thick, gooey substance and began to rub it all over her body, covering every inch. Even her hair was coated in the bronze colored oil. "Now we must clean you out," he stated. Paul rolled a cart next to the table with an odd looking machine on it. He took a long flexible clear tube from it, covered it with Vaseline and inserted it into her behind. Helpless to do anything, she saw the long tube disappear into her bowels.

At the end of the tube, she saw a balloon type object being inserted. He stopped just after it disappeared, and holding a hand inflating bulb, began to pump it up." We wouldn’t want it to leak, would we?" he queried laughingly. "You are going to have a high colonic, have you ever had one before?" he asked. "NO" she replied faintly.

"Good, then this is a first for you. It will alternately fill your colon, intestines and bowels with soapy warm water, then it will drain it out. This take place several times, so just relax and enjoy it". Clicking the machine on, she could her the hum of the motor and the pump as it sprang to life. Watching her tummy, she could see it rise to nearly pregnant size, then fall back to rock flat. Over and over the cycle ran. Finally, he was satisfied that she was clean, and deflating the bulb, he pulled the tube from her. "That wasn’t to bad was it?" he asked.

"NO Master, she replied.

"That’s good", he said, "You are beginning to realize that I am your Master, and you will serve me as I dictate."

"Will there be pain, as I am being prepared, Master?" she asked.

"NO, my love you will never feel any pain from now on." he replied. With that, he produced a transparent latex suit. It was complete, it would cover every inch of her body, and would not leave one square inch of her exposed. He started at her feet, and slowly worked it up on her body. The oily substance she had been coated with was slippery and allowed for easy insertion of her body. Even her beautiful breasts were fitted into moulded cups to allow them to protrude proudly, as they always did.

He had covered her up to her neck, when he stopped. She was so very aroused by being encased in the wonderful latex catsuit that she lost sight of what she was experiencing, Mummification!

"How will I breath when you cover my head with the hood, Master?" she asked.

Pointing to the anatomically moulded face, he pointed to the nose, "See, two tiny holes for you to breath through. It will be difficult for you, but you can get some air through if you breath slowly and carefully" he finished. Quickly, he pulled the hood over her head and began to zip the suit up. The zipper ran the length of her back, as it pulled up higher and higher, it pulled the suit skintight to her body.

"See, it’s like it was made for you, Princess" he laughed. She had never before been so confined, the latex fit like a second skin, but one that provided extreme sexual excitement to her, especially her breathing being so limited by the 2 tiny air holes. Then, he started to carefully wrap her legs with gauze that was soaking in a bucket filled with plaster and cement mixture. Working his way up her body, he secured her arms to her sides, and continued to her neck, which he paid special attention to. Making sure that extra tension was applied, he wrapped her neck carefully, allowing her breath, but restricting it as well. "You must realize that encasement and mummification is restricting by nature, and you must endure some suffering. ".

"Yes, Master", she again replied.

"Are you doing OK? " he asked.

"Yes, I am " She managed to say. Her talking was now very difficult due to the wrappings.

"Good, my love, " he replied. "Now, you will not again see light. Your first layer of bindings is nearly done".

He quickly and carefully inserted two plastic straws through the holes in the latex suit into her nostrils, and finished wrapping her head in the plaster coated gauze. Stepping back to admire his workmanship, he chuckled. Thinking about this, his newest mummy. The others were never so compliant, he recalled.

Two more layers of plastered gauze followed, then a layer of latex strips dipped in adhesive and a final coating of liquid latex. He then produced a large tube of temperature sensitive plastic and slid her wonderfully mummified body into it. Taking a heat lamp, he set it up over her and watched as the plastic tube shrink to wrap her body in its skintight encasement. She was now a glistening, plastic coated mummy. Removing the straws from her nose, he asked if she could hear him. A low muffled sound was heard. "Good, rest easily, Princess".

Lost in her sensual confinement, she was not fully aware of the reality of the situation, but somehow, it didn’t seem to matter right now. Sensuality was over riding reality.

Feeling was now beginning to return to her body, she was able to wriggle her fingers under the impenetrable bindings that held her in their embrace. Hours passed, she had no way to tell time, but she knew that she had been mummified for quite some time. Her body heat was generating a huge amount of sweat inside of her latex covering, this, combined with her having to pee was beginning to worry her. Unable to hold it any longer, she relaxed and allowed her golden juices to flow freely. She could feel the warmness of it as it flowed under her back and up to her head. Great, she thought, I just pissed in my own hair.  The encasement was not allowing any heat to escape, she was soaking wet from head to toe, and combined with the heat, it seemed to amplify the sensuality of the moment. The extreme heat was starting to make her faint and sleepy, she dozed off for a long nap. Awakening for a second time, she began to think, a dangerous thing!  How long could she survive like this?  She was becoming quite thirsty, and very hungry.

 Would she ever be found, or would she possibly be let go?  What would happen to her husband when she didn’t return home? Would he call the police... but he didn’t know where I was being brought, or even Paul’s last name! A tinge of panic was developing, true, the sensuality of the encasement was quite extreme, and that kept her from losing it totally. Drifting through the total darkness, her mind was starting to play tricks on her. She imagined that she was really a princess being mummified, and placed in a tomb. She then dreamed of a captor spiriting her away to some romantic foreign country as a sex slave....

Reality broke the trance. Paul was next to her, and speaking something that she could barely make out. Only parts of words managed to filter through the rock hard encasement. She made out " moved", "altar" and "sacrificed".

That set her into a panic!

She felt the table rolling; she heard a garage door opening, and the sound of a truck or car running. She felt the Gurney hit the back of the vehicle, and be pushed inside of it. Sharp noises of a truck door slamming were the last sound that she heard. She felt the bumping and bouncing of the truck as it made it way to somewhere.. Could it be her last resting place? She thought. Was he going to dispose of her? She kept running the words Altar and sacrifice through her head, and it was not helping her at all. Then, the truck stopped. The bouncing was gone, and it was quiet again. Panic hit home like a brick. Was this it?

The panic caused her to void uncontrollably once more. The hot golden juices flowed and flowed, she was well soaked in her own pee. The latex suit and the wrappings were so tight that there was no place for the pee to puddle; instead it had now filled her suit to just under her chin, covering her ears.  Once more she thought to herself, and at least I will have something to drink, it should come up to my mouth by then. Desperation, for sure, but when you are so thirsty, even your own piss sounds good, she thought. Concentrating on her voiding as much as she could, she was able to flush more of her juices from her body. As the level in the suit increased, she opened her lips as much as the plaster prison would allow. Her steaming hot piss trickled into her mouth. As horrible as it tasted, she was thankful for the fluid she was able to suck in.

 The quiet of the mummification was broken by the sounds of breaking and ripping. She felt the outer covering of her plaster tomb breaking away and tearing away from her latex catsuit covered body. (She did not know that Paul had laid two pieces of strong, thin piano wire on top of the latex catsuit, one running from her right shoulder to her left foot, and the other on the opposite side, forming an "X".) Paul grabbed hold of the ends of the sharp wires, and with a jerk pulled them up through the plaster casted mummy covering.

The light, total darkness for so long had rendered her eyes so very sensitive, blinded her. She could make out a shape. She felt a hand under her head, gently lifting it up. She was helped to a sitting position. Was her end now being set in motion? What was he going to do to her?

Her eyes quickly adjusted. She now saw Paul standing behind her, and her husband! He was standing next to her removing the last pieces of the plaster encasement from her body.

"Did you enjoy your weekend, my lover?" her husband asked. She was speechless.

Both Paul and her husband laughed as she was helped up on her feet and hugged them both.

" Like it, " she said, " You bet.. By the way, can I keep the catsuit???"
