---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/cracking_crystal4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Cracking Crystal 4
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- FFF/f
- bond
- leather
- susp
- toys
- nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Cracking Crystal 3**](cracking_crystal3.html))_

_Cracking Crystal 4 by Anne Gray FFF/f; bond; leather;
susp; nc; XX_

_**Chapter 4 – The Worst Nightmare!**_

_While Crystal was resting as best she could I made a few phone calls.
It was now Sunday afternoon and I needed to prepare for the evening.
As a leather domme, and well paid teacher of the trade, I had several
pupils under instruction. Three of them were on a high intensity, very
expensive, four week course and were ready for their final exam before leaving
Canada and being set loose on the local scene in their home
countries._

_Contacting them in turn at their
hotels I warned each one that tonight would be a surprise test of their
understanding of what I had taught them over the last few weeks and, if they
passed, I would give them my blessing. Each
was given specific instructions and told to arrive, as usual, at fifteen
minute intervals starting at 6pm
._

_Mistress Christina’s taxi arrived
first and she paid the driver before getting out and greeting me with a double
cheek air kiss. A long dark maroon
leather coat, cinched tightly at the waist, and black boots that I guessed had
a 4” heel, looked perfectly normal. She
was from somewhere in the mid-west States; I suspected the
Chicago
area but hadn’t asked for her to confirm that.
Hey, as long as the dollars ended up in my bank account I could care
less._

_Once she was inside I helped her out
of the coat to reveal a form fitting cat suit in the same colour of leather
and she pulled a matching mask and hood from her bag._

_While I, of course, knew their real
names they knew each other only by the names they had chosen to work under; it
was a simple but necessary rule. Consequently,
as each arrived they were allowed time to hide their identity before meeting
in my office._

_At the designated intervals Christina
was followed by the arrival of Mistress Casey, also by taxi, with her
skin-tight black latex body suit hidden under a very fashionable, and publicly
acceptable, long trench coat. She
was easy to place as English as soon as she opened her mouth.
A few minutes after she arrived Mistress Monica pulled up to my private
parking spot in a rental car._

_The reason this one chose to drive
herself was obvious. She was resplendent in a tightly belted semi translucent
white PVC raincoat. It did little
to conceal the wasp-waisted black leather corset that was to become her
trademark along with the thigh-high black leather boots and shoulder length
leather gloves. When she was
“working” her German accent, along with the riding crop, that seemed to
live in her right hand, made a particularly good impression on the subs._

_Once they were all settled I explained
what was going to take place._

_“You three have all shown me that
there is little more I can teach you as individuals and I am proud to have
been your teacher. However,
tonight your final exam will be to prove to me that you can also act as a
team; a skill that can be needed in some of the larger scenes.”_

_“Down in the dungeon is the very
unwilling subject of tonight’s exercise.
Family members who could no longer tolerate her arrogance and complete
lack of respect for others put her into my care.
With their help she disappeared into my charge last night.
Once she has learnt her lesson the hard way, and had the time to
reflect on the hurt her behavior has caused which could take several weeks, I
will return her to those who still love her.”_

_This, of course, was complete
bullshit! I knew
Crystal
’s disappearance would be reported in the newspapers in
the next day or so, because of her socialite status, and wanted to give my
students an acceptable explanation to set their minds at rest when they
recognized her picture as the subject of their final exam._

_“The rules are simple.
You will have time to study the subject who is currently spread-eagled
on a bed and discuss how you intend to proceed to reach the end results.
For the following two hours you can do whatever you wish with the
subject, without causing any permanent damage, to make her extremely
uncomfortable and humiliated. By
the end of the two hours she is to be restrained in whatever position you
agree upon but it must be one in which she can spend the night.”_

_“That means you must take in to
account what I have taught you about possible circulation problems with long
term bondage. One other thing, the
boots and corset are wired on and are not to be removed, other than that she
is all yours. Any questions?
Good let’s go and meet your victim and then I will leave you alone
until the exam time is up.”_

_A few minutes later I was comfortably
settled in my lounge watching the scene unfold.
Needless to say the dungeon was completely covered by small video
cameras with directional microphones and I was able to not only see, but also
hear, everything that went on._

_One and a half hours later I had to
admit, in all modesty, that I was a very good teacher._

_After taking a quick look at
Crystal
the trio had wandered around my dungeon looking at all the
available apparatus and then met in the middle of the room to discuss how they
would proceed. I was glad to hear
none of them trying to be over bearing with the others, it was an example of
good teamwork._

_Crystal
had no chance what so ever as the three of them untied her
from the bed and dragged her to the center of the dungeon.
Forcing her face down on a worktable, two of them bent her arms up and
around until they were in the classic reverse prayer position and held them
while the third, Mistress Monica, carefully placed and tightened several
straps to lock the arms in place._

_Then for the next little while they
ran
Crystal
ragged. Making
her first walk and then trot around the dungeon in those wicked ballet boots.
Christina and Casey took turns pulling on a three point come-along
leash they had clamped to the septum of her nose and her already tender
nipples. Monica urged her on with
a steady use of the riding crop._

_All the time they were doing this they
refined their plans and gradually found all the supplies that they needed.
As the exhausted
Crystal
slumped to the floor, sobbing around the huge ball gag
that had been forced between her teeth, they went to work._

_Already on the floor it was simple to
flip the girl on her stomach and then bend her legs at the knee so that they
could be strapped calves to thigh. Casey
then slipped the heels out of the flanges on the ballet boots and replaced
them with metal plates holding heavy metal rings._

_A wide bondage belt went around their
victim’s waist and then I smiled to myself as I saw that they had found my
stock of butt plugs and chosen a very special unit.
They discussed whether or not to use lubricant and decided, given the
features of the butt plug, that it was necessary.
Since the latex gloves on Casey were attached to the body suit, and
Monica was wearing her shoulder length leather gloves; that left Christina as
the only one with bare hands to do the honours._

_I thought I detected a slight grin on
her face as she pulled on a pair of disposable surgical gloves and started
coating the butt plug with KY! Then,
as the others pulled
Crystal
’s knees apart, and Christina scooped out a large dollop
of the lubricant with two fingers, I remembered the long, manicured
fingernails and knew why she was smiling.
I didn’t envy
Crystal
._

_It took a little while, and some
effort, before the plug was buried inside
Crystal
’s back passage and the microphones picked up some
serious moaning from the recipient. Then,
while Christina peeled off the gloves, Monica and Casey easily lifted the
bitch up and held her in place against a floor to ceiling metal pole.
Christina hooked short chains from a horizontal bar partway up the pole
to either side of the belt._

_Sliding a two foot long pair of pipes
attached to a ring up the pole she locked the ring in place and then spread
the pipes locking them in turn. Monica
and Casey pulled
Crystal
’s doubled up legs wide apart and strapped them to the
pipes. A couple more chains hooked
through the rings on the boot heel flanges and up to the waist level bar._

_Adjusting another horizontal bar so
that it sat just above her shoulders they ran short chains to each end from
the armpit straps of the reverse prayer. When
they all let go
Crystal
’s body sagged a little but when Monica pushed a short,
padded extension into the small of her back forcing it to arc out, and locked
that in place on the pole, any slack was a thing of the past._

_I watched as the ball gag was pulled
out then could not quite see what Monica was packing in Crystal’s mouth, but
as she moved out of the way, so that Casey could apply several strips of tape,
the girl’s bulging cheeks and wide apart lips made it clear there was plenty
of something in there._

_After they laced on a leather
discipline helmet with just eye and nostril holes, and tightened the gag strap
until some of the bulge disappeared, I saw Christina holding one of my newest
inventions._

_In principle it was very simple but
once in place it held a head absolutely still._

_It was a metal unit shaped like the
capital letter E. The center bar
was actually two hollow rubber coated nostril tubes while the back of the E
went across the leather covered cheekbones. The two end bars bracketed the
head just under the ears and slid into clamps on the pole behind her._

_Once the American dominatrix fitted
the unit in place and tightened the clamps there was no way
Crystal
could move her head; you might say she was in a nose hold!_

_My pupils were obviously aware of the
cameras and had worked out a blind spot that the three of them now moved to.
I could hear some quiet murmuring and the occasional giggle punctuated
with some indecipherable sounds but then could only sit back and laugh as they
suddenly appeared in front of the helpless girl._

_Each was now wearing a wicked looking
strap on dildo and the only thing
Crystal
could move – her eyes – took on a desperate look._

_Casey walked up to the pole dangling
two thins chains in her latex covered hands.
She hooked each one to the ends of the nose bar by Crystal’s ears
then reached down and pushed up on each of the girl’s breasts to fix the
nipple clamps in place._

_Reaching down with her right hand she
guided the head of the strap on into position and then began moving her hips
to gradually bury it. With
Crystal
unable to move, Casey had to do all the work and she
seemed to be taking great delight in the job.
From the corner of my eye I noticed that Monica had moved to the side
of the pole and was fiddling with the controls of the butt plug._

_That particular plug had a pebbled
surface and a compressed air feed that would make the pebbles expand and
retract. Add to that the vibrating
option and, to say the least, it was a very disconcerting item to have shoved
up your backside._

_Casey backed away after five or six
minutes and was breathing very hard. Christina
moved in to take her place and suddenly I knew why they seemed to be enjoying
themselves so much. They were
wearing double dildos – sneaky bunch._

_I had to give them every credit
though; who said a Domme can’t enjoy themselves while working?
I couldn’t be completely sure but I certainly got the impression that
they had the technique down to a fine art where they each pulled out satisfied
while poor
Crystal
was left hanging – in more ways than one!_

_After Monica backed away from her turn
Casey jammed in a large vibrating dildo and strapped it in place.
They removed the nasal head brace, replaced the nipple clamps with
alligator clips, unhooked
Crystal
from the pole, lowered her to the floor and strapped her
knees together._

_While two of them adjusted a harness
of leather straps, the other sat on the back of
Crystal
’s shoulders and forced her down until her thighs were
crushed against her chest. When
they finished tightening the harness they hooked a webbing strap from the
ceiling pulley to rings at the point of each shoulder and pulled the helpless
girl up until her head was five feet off the ground._

_Two more webbing straps attached to
the rings in the boot heel flanges and down to floor rings.
When they had everything as tight as a guitar string
Crystal
hung there like a fly in a spider web._

_Monica connected the feed from the
dildo to the control box of the butt plug and fiddled with it for a moment._

_Then they all stepped back to admire
their handiwork, turned to one of the cameras, linked arms and bowed._

_I was still applauding as I entered
the dungeon._

_“OK ladies, that’s very high pass
mark for all of you, now let’s go back to my office.”_

_Checking to be doubly sure that
Crystal
was getting enough air, I didn’t bother wiping the tears
from her eyes before I followed my graduates upstairs._

_Once in the office I told them again
that they had worked very well together and, since there was nothing more I
could teach them, the course was complete and they could go home.
I asked them to keep in touch, as I would love to visit them if the
chance occurred._

_The first to leave was Monica. After
saying her goodbyes to the others and pulling on her coat she followed me down
the corridor snapping the fasteners and tying the belt.
As we passed the washroom she stopped and called to me to give her a
moment. She stripped off her mask and I watched as she reached up and pulled
out several pins holding her hair in the severe bun on top of her head.
Her hair cascaded down to below her shoulders and she finger combed it
to frame her face, softening every feature._

_Before getting in her car she turned
to me and said: “Auf Wiedersehen – danke.”_

_I had called two taxis and Christina
was the next to leave. As she
buttoned that maroon leather coat she said: “If you are ever in the
Chicago
area give me a call. There
is a fantastic restaurant on top of the John Hancock building where we must
have lunch.”_

_That left Casey and as she pulled at
the belt of her coat she looked at me and said:
“I have decided that Mistress Casey will follow the rules you have
taught but, I’ve got some wicked ideas of my own for when I enter the scene
so keep an eye open and watch my smoke._

_I had turned up the audio on the
microphones in the dungeon and as I snuggled down under the satin sheets I
heard this barely audible buzzing. Tough
luck
Crystal
, they left the butt plug and dildo going and I’m not
getting out of bed to come down and turn them off.
Enjoy, you are going to be one tired girl in the morning._

_[continues
in part five - Mind Games](cracking_crystal5.html)



22.02.06

story continues in [**Cracking Crystal 5**](cracking_crystal5.html)

o0o
