---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: For the Love of June
authors:
- Jo
tags:
- MF
- solo-m
- other-m
- ghost
- torment
- tease
- haunt
- breastplay
- oral
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2011-12-11 00:00:00
---

"But why? What did I do?"

"Listen, June, it's not you, it's me."

June burst into tears.

"Bullshit! Tell me the truth!"

Because you've turned into a regular porker.

"June ... it's just not working out."

"Three years and suddenly it's not working out?"

I had nothing, just waved my hand, shrugged. I turned and walked toward the door.

"Fine," she said through wracking sobs. "Fine, but if I can't have you, nobody else will - ever!"

I ignored her, left the apartment.

Later ...

"So, how'd she take it."

"Not well. She kind of threatened me."

"Well, she was no doubt hurt and angry."

"Oh, she was that."

Later still ...

I rolled off of Kathy.

"Sorry."

"It's okay. It's been a rough day. It happens. I understand."

I dressed and left her apartment, climbed in the car, squealed the tires in frustration.

Never happened to me, not even in bed with porky.

And the thought of June's full, lush body, all warmth and softness, pressing down on me made me instantly hard. My buddy loves fat girls, says everything feels like a tit. I wouldn't go that far, but June was great in bed, I'll give her that. I rubbed my crotch, thought about going back to Kathy's place, didn't.

When I got home I thought I'd put the boner to good use, check out some porn. I plopped down in front of the computer, booted it, and grabbed my cock - and came almost instantly. There on the screen, my wallpaper, was June's cherubic face, hands offering those big, soft tits, she was giving me a dirty little leer. I made a note to self to change the background, decided it could wait.

The next morning I saw the headline: Woman Found Dead, Suicide Suspected

I glanced at it, clicked past, then it registered. I clicked back.

"June Harrington, 25, of Eastland, was found dead by a friend late last night. Police believe it was a suicide."

I sat, stunned. Feelings of disbelief vied with guilt, and a bit of anger. The phone chirped.

"Travis? It's me. Did you see the news?"

"Yeah, just now."

"How awful."

"Yeah."

"Listen, uh, why don't we cancel tonight, I mean, under the circumstances."

"Yeah. Sure."

As the day progressed I started to feel better. I rationalized that I wasn't responsible. She decided to kill herself. I was sorry I upset her, but she'd made that call.

Later ...

June's tits covered my face. She rubbed them against me as she slid slowly down my body until she fetched up against my painfully hard cock. She wormed her way back up. We kissed. Every inch of her, warm and soft, pressed against me.

"I'm gonna get you hard as a rock and keep you that way all night," she whispered.

She turned, spread her enormous ass cheeks, straddled my face.

"Eat me. You know how I like it."

I did and I do.

June stroked my cock, gently, softly, planting little kisses, flicking it with her tongue, taking just the tip into her mouth now and then, teasing me. The frustration built. I wanted to scream, but, mouth buried in pussy, I could only grunt.

After an eternity, June turned again, kissed me, licked my face.

"Mm. You taste like me."

She raised her ass, reached between her legs, slid my cock between her pussy lips, and sat back.

"Ah!" Then, "Nice cock. Perfect cock."

I tried to move, but June wouldn't let me, kept me pinned with the weight of her hips.

"No, lover, not yet. Just stay in me a while. You know how I love the feeling of you inside me."

She pulled my head up, offered me a nipple to suck. She squeezed my cock using her pussy muscles, a maddening, pulsing sensation. She rocked her hips ever so slightly. I forced myself to stay still. I sucked her nipples, first one, then the other, then back. She had huge nipples, pacifier nipples.

She pressed her full weight down on me, crushing her breasts against my chest, nibbled my ear.

"You always liked me to come first," she whispered, "and I will, but not just yet."

I knew it was a dream. Despite the absolute reality of it - June's soft skin, the warmth of her embrace, the press of her lips, the smell of her cologne - it had that dream-like quality. Everything was just a bit out of focus. I couldn't see her clearly, but I knew it was her. The dream dragged on.

June began rocking her hips, taking my cock deeper and deeper into her, building a rhythm. The bed creaked as she rocked her hips against me, grinding her mound against me. I thrust into her.

"Sh ... sh ... not yet, lover. Me first, remember?"

She started making those little sounds that told me she was getting close but not that close yet. The pressure built, I was getting frantic. Finally I decided fuck it and let go.

Nothing happened.

"I told you, lover. Me first."

The pressure kept building. It felt like invisible hands gripped my crotch - one clamped on my cock, the other on my balls. One trying to force my load out, the other trying to keep it in. It was agony.

"Oh God! Please, June. Please, beautiful. Oh fuck, please! Oh God!"

God answered my plea.

June came; a big shuddering, convulsing, wave after wave orgasm. With the last spasm, the vice-like hands left me, my world exploded. I came so hard and for so long I saw stars, heard a loud buzzing in my ears.

My brain slowly surfaced. The buzzing continued. The fog cleared. I glanced over at the nightstand, whacked the snooze button.

In the next moment, I realized my hand was sticky. And in the next that the sheets were sticky, too.

Whoa. I've had erotic dreams before, but that never happened.

Days later ...

"Kathy, I'm sorry. I don't know what's the matter."

"Listen Travis. Once I could understand, I mean, under the circumstances. But five times in a row? I mean, don't I turn you on?"

"Yeah! Most definitely."

Except, truth be told, there was a disconnect between the turn-on part of my brain and the turn-on part between my legs.

"Listen, Kathy, I-"

"No, Trav. Something's going on. You obviously still have issues with June. I'd like to be patient and understanding, but I'm not. I'm just not. Sorry."

And a bit later ...

June, wearing a sheer, blue, baby-doll nighty, slipped from my lap, down between my legs. She took the tip of my cock into her mouth, sucked it, nibbled it.

"Mm. I've been waiting for this all day. You have the most delicious cock. I could suck it all night."

And June had the most delicious mouth, in a tormenting, agonizingly frustrating way. The thought of an all-night suck made me shiver, and not in a pleasant way.

"June. What ... what's going on?"

She pulled my cock from her mouth with a pop.

"I would think that would be obvious, lover."

She licked my cock, a leering grin on her face. She nipped the tip of my cock. I flinched.

"Painfully obvious."

I was helpless. Night after night she haunted me, pushed me over the edge, but held me, dangling, by a thread. I remembered the dreams, all of them, in excruciating detail.

I tried staying awake one night, but she came to me anyway. I knew I wasn't asleep, knew I was stroking myself, but it was as real as the dreams. Jerking hard and fast, I begged her, screamed with frustration for what seemed like hours until she gave me my release.

"But why?"

"I told you, lover, if I can't have you, nobody else will."

She tugged on my cock.

"You're mine and I plan to keep you," she said with a self-satisfied grin.

She took my cock in her mouth, sucked it, made little purring noises.

"I'm all you need, lover, all you will ever need."

She raked my cock with her nails. I convulsed.

"Ever."
