---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mind_diary_of_a_judicial_slave4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 642, Mind Diary of a Judicial Slave
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- slave
- naked
- enema
- collar
- training
- reluct
- X
date: 2026-02-07 00:00:00
---

### Chapter Four - *Preparing For My Master*

#### **Cycle 4378, Day 183**

This morning lucida asked me something I had never really thought of. I had to look it up on the planetary knowledge source to answer her. She asked, “What is a month?”

I had never thought of that. A month on Farpost is four weeks or twenty-eight days. There are seventeen months in Farpost’s solar cycle making a total of 476 days. Days are often noted as 78/01/16, meaning the sixteenth day of the first month of cycle 4378. But I had never thought of what a month was or why it has 28 days.

I told her that according to the knowledge source, a month was originally a moon cycle on the home planet. And a week was one-fourth of a lunar cycle. But moon cycles didn’t fit evenly into the home planet’s solar cycle so some months were twenty-eight days and some were thirty-one. I explained that the early prospectors on Farpost continued to use the home planet system of days, weeks, months, and years but adapted them to Farpost. The only difference was that a solar cycle on Farpost was referred to as a cycle rather than as a year in order to keep it different from a home planet year. Her eyes got wide when I explained that a Farpost day is half again as long as a day on home planet but it still has twenty-four hours composed of sixty minutes each.

“How can that be?” she asked in amazement.

“How can what be?” a stern voice said from the doorway. It was Madame Loretta.

Both lucida and I jumped to our feet and stood at attention. “I was explaining what a month was,” I stammered out.

“A month is how long you will be punished daily if you aren’t ready for Master Karl by five o’clock this afternoon,” Madame Loretta snarled. Then she smiled and said, “He has called for you. We need to get you ready.”

My hair had to be washed and a special scented balm rubbed into it so it was soft and shiny and smelled wonderful. A special slave inspected my entire body to make sure that there were no hairs growing below my shoulders. Evidently there were two because that’s how many times she used her laser machine to remove the hair and make sure it didn’t grow back. Then I had to soak in a special scented bath for two hours. I shouldn’t say “had to” because I would have stayed in the wonderfully warm tub of perfumed water for even longer if Madame Loretta had allowed me. But at exactly two hours she made me get out of the tub and lie on a special table while two very petite slaves rubbed a scented balm into my entire body.

Then came the part I didn’t like. I had to sit on a special chair with a nozzle that went up into my ass. Almost as soon as I impaled myself on that cold metal nozzle, I could feel it getting bigger somehow. Then warm water started filling me. It wasn’t very much and it didn’t hurt or get uncomfortable and after a few minutes it was drawn back out of me. Evidently there was a valve of some sort beneath the chair because I could hear a loud click when the water started into me and when it stopped and again when it started being drawn back out. Then the cycle repeated again... and again... and again. Each time it repeated, it felt like more and more water was pumped up inside of me.

Slave lucida sat next to me talking to me the entire time. At one point I suddenly realized that I was effectively naked on a toilet while talking to a naked girl kneeling at my feet. I felt myself flush with embarrassment as I thought about how just a short time ago, I would very carefully go down to the employee’s restroom when I thought no one was there and use the stall at the furthest corner so no one would hear my urine splash into the bowl or, even worse, hear gas erupt from me as I passed solid matter. Now I was very publicly being flushed out and was sitting calmly talking to my friend.

Yes, I consider lucida my friend. She is ordered to be with me at all times, but she does not do it grudgingly. She has helped me many times and kept me from accidently doing things that would have gotten me into trouble. In my present circumstances, she is the closest thing to a friend I may ever have.

After what seemed like a couple of hours, but had to be much less than that, Madame Loretta came back into the room and looked at something under the chair. Evidently the piping or whatever down there was transparent because she chuffed slightly and said, “Clear as a mountain brook.” There are no mountains on Farpost, either on the true surface or on the terraformed surfaces within the city pod areas, but many people still use terms like that from the home world or from whatever planet they call their ancestral home.

I now had to sit in a different chair which was a little more comfortable. A very talkative female slave quickly reapplied my eye makeup and reddened my lips. She also brushed a small amount of makeup on my cheeks just below my eyes. Then she moved around behind me to work on my hair. She continued chattering while two other silent slaves carefully painted my fingernails and toenails. I don’t know why it took so long to braid my rope, but evidently there is an exact way it is supposed to be done with an exact number of crisscrosses in it. Normally it doesn’t make any difference, but I am going to our Master’s room tonight and things must be perfect.

Something must not have been right about my rope, because suddenly the talkative slave stopped, totally combed it out, and then started over. She was about half way done when Madame Loretta walked into the room. She didn’t say anything, but in the now silent room I could hear her pacing back and forth behind me. I knew from experience that it is not a good thing when Madame Loretta begins pacing.

Finally I heard the hair dresser slave say, “Finished,” and Madame Loretta curtly said, “Inspection.”

I jumped to my feet and stood at attention before her. Her face suddenly looked angry and she said, “High step!”

I had forgotten! I was standing flat-footed on the floor. That was acceptable in my own room or among other slaves, but whenever I was walking the hallways or was in the presence of a Master or Mistress... or Madame Loretta... I was supposed to stand on the balls of my feet with my heels several inches off the ground. When she first made me stand in high step, Madame Loretta took some pictures of me from behind both standing flat and in high step. High step smoothed the contour of my legs and rounded out my butt very nicely.

I immediately went into high step. Madame Loretta smiled slightly but then got real close to me and said in almost a whisper, “If you forget and leave high step while you are with Master Karl, I will hear about it and you will be wearing trainer nails for a month.”

Trainer nails are exactly that. They are a sort of shoe that fits over the front of your foot like a sandal, but at the back there is a nail which points directly up. Unless you keep your heel up, you will painfully poke yourself again and again and again. It had only taken a few hours in the trainer nails for me to remember to stay in high step... except for today.

The last thing Madame Loretta did was to put my slave collar around my throat. Only this wasn’t my everyday collar. It was black and very soft. And on the front of it in flowing silver letters it says, “shishi.” My everyday collar also says shishi on it, but it is brown and the letters are squarish and burned into the leather and the date monitor is large enough to read from across the room. The countdown number on this collar is barely visible. Madame Loretta clipped a long silver leash to the front of my collar and handed it to lucida.

“Slave lucida will lead you to Master Karl’s quarters,” she said evenly. Then looking at lucida she added, “... and she will ensure that you arrive at exactly five o’clock.”

“Yes, Madame Loretta,” lucida and I said in unison.

“And remember,” she added ominously, “if you disappoint Karl, you disappoint me.”

Someday I will have to find out how it is that Madame Loretta can use my Master’s name without calling him Master.
