---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Lady Sally Blackrook, Victorian Adventuress
authors:
- Gincrack
tags:
- M+/f
- bond
- machine
- strip
- frame
- straps
- mittens
- insert
- fucking-machine
- electro
- torture
- oral
- nc
- XX
date: 2022-03-18 00:00:00
---

### Tormenting Technology!

Lady Sally Blackrook looked down at the sabre tip, pressing firmly against the front of her bodice. It had been a short fight and from the beginning she knew that her chances of killing or incapacitating the five armed men were low if not virtually non-existent despite her prowess with a blade. Still, several of the men nursed wounds to their arms and faces, her own blade coloured with their blood.

The sabre pressed more firmly, insistent.

“May I suggest again you drop your weapon Lady Blackrook?” The voice was cultured, English.

She lowered her arm and let the sword slip from her fingers, making almost no sound as it landed in the straw on the barn floor.

“Thank you.”

“There’s no need to thank me, Lord Cosby, I submit under duress, as you can see you blaggard. Five to one, you have me at a clear disadvantage, why don’t you and I continue the fight one-on-one; after all I am but a woman?”

“Indeed Lady Blackrock, however I regret I cannot acquiesce to your request, you see I am satisfied with an outcome that puts you under my control.”

“No man controls me Lord Cosby, especially one a corrupt and depraved as you. You may have me now, I’ll wager it will not be for long!”

The man laughed and leaning on the sabre forced the blonde back against the wall of the stable. She could smell him now, the port on his breath. He looked closely at her quizzically.

“Yes… I heard you were feisty, a bit of a firebrand. Well your arson plan has failed, my men have extinguished the fire set by your incendiary device and you cannot stop my scheme from going ahead.”

She frowned; she had at least hoped that the fire would be out of control by the time it was discovered.

“Search her, she may have other devices or weapons concealed about her person; don’t be coy she will dispatch any of you given half a chance.”

“Any of you scum touch me and I will break a limb, do you hear me?” she retorted boldly. The men hesitated.

“Your men seem afeared Lord Cosby, why don’t you search me?” she continued looking him dead in the eye.

Gently he raised the sabre until the blade was against the alabaster skin of her neck forcing her to put her head back.

“Don’t try and goad me woman, now you imbeciles search her NOW!!!”

The men broke forward and grabbed her, pulling her arms out sideways, their hands ran over her trim figure, patting, feeling for anything.

“Ere’s sumut,” yelled one, and he dropped a small pistol into the straw; another found a lock knife tucked into the top of her boot; a third found her last two incendiary pencils.

“Quite a bounty,” mocked Lord Cosby, “not the sort of things one would expect to find concealed about the person of a lady of breeding.”

“A lady never knows what sort of *ill-bred* vermin she is going to run into as my present circumstances demonstrate. You are going to have to kill me Cosby, I know your plan and I plan to escape and expose you!”

“I think not, Lady Blackrook, you see I have another future worse than death in store for you. I plan to break your spirit like a prize filly and then sell you abroad to the highest bidder. I hear sheiks will pay handsomely for European women of breeding, especially blondes. Yes, you will make me a pretty penny as a bonus,” he leered.

She lunged forward but was restrained “You filthy fiend, I will never submit to your will, nor the will of any man.”

“Yes, you will, Lady Blackrook,” he said derisorily, “take her to the Insemination Sheds, and fire up the boiler.”

Half an hour later she struggled fruitlessly against the straps which now held her. On Lord Cosby’s instruction the men had dragged her fighting to a set of low buildings across the yard. Once inside, the Lord had her stripped down to her corset, stockings and over knee boots before directing his men towards the heinous device which now contained her.

Bolted securely to the floor at its four corners the frame of broad brass tubing and ornate cast iron consisted at one end of two upright posts two-and-one-half feet apart and around four feet tall joined at the top by a crosspiece. Two further bars extended backwards parallel to each other for five feet before curving sharply down and apart before meeting their fixings in the floor, flaring from two and half feet at the top to five feet at the base.

It was into this frame the half-naked and womanly form of Lady Blackrock was now secured. Her booted legs had been spread and secured by three straps each, at ankle, knee and thigh, to the converging uprights, her booted toes clear of the floor by a few inches. Bent forward at the hips she was then secured and suspended between the parallel bars by three wide leather straps which ran around her torso and the bars, one strap around her midriff, one around her rib cage under her breasts and one above her breasts supporting and securing her upper chest. In this position her head and neck were unsupported and she had to hold her head up to see what was going on around her.

Her arms had been forced along her sides and secured inside the circumferential straps. Her hands had been placed into leather mitts fastened with a padlock at the wrist and locked with shackles to the frame depriving her of the use of her hands.

She struggled but suspended in the web of straps, her feet unable to gain purchase on the floor she realised she was helpless as the men completed the final tightening of her bondage.

“Well well, Lady Blackrock I must say you make a splendid picture,” clapped Lord Cosby.

“You fiend Cosby, let me go, now,” she said bravely.

“I think not M’lady, you see the device into which you are now secured is the instrument of your demise. It is an interesting device or my own invention, not dissimilar to those I use to inseminate my heifers. You see the animal is driven between the uprights, and prevented from moving by the surrounding bars and a strap across the rear. She can then either be serviced by one of my bulls or inseminated with bull semen manually.

Lady Blackrook again fought frantically with her restraints. “You depraved monster; you intend to have me impaled by a bull!”

He laughed, “Not quite, I may be a villain, but I am not a barbarian, no, you have a monetary value and I do not want you damaged, far from it. As I said this device is *similar,* but a more refined version adapted specifically for the female form, and I must say Lady Blackrock you look most fetching in its embrace.”

She snorted with derision. Slowly he walked around his captive admiring her definitive beauty. Her silk-stockinged legs tensed against the straps leading up to her exquisite derriere, the fullness of her flawless buttocks framing the flower of her perfect sex. Bent forward and spread she was fully exposed from the rosette of her anus to the perfectly formed plump pouting contours of her pussy, shaven naked except for a small patch of blond down at the top of her slit. The lips gaped slightly and he could see the glistening pink within and he felt a stirring in his breeches.

He watched her struggle like a captured animal, noting her jiggling breasts hanging down, unsupported but firm. He reached under her and cupped one, hefting it he squeezed feeling its warm malleable form, the nipple hardening as it brushed the coarseness of his palm.

At his touch she jumped and squealed. “Unhand me you pervert!”

Continuing his assault, he goaded her. “Why Lady Blackrook you have the most magnificent udders worthy of my herd, indeed it would be a pleasure to milk you,” and releasing her breast he moved in front of her and pulled her head up by her blond mane and she was surprised into silence.

“Let me explain, this is not some simple mechanism of torture it is a sophisticated device capable of many functions.” Behind her she could hear equipment being manoeuvred into place and steam hissing. “Behind you is a steam driven mechanical penetrator with which I intend to fuck you into submission and break your spirit.”

“Never!” she spat.

“We will see, Lady Blackrook, we will see, let me give you a taste,” and he dropped her head.

She tried to see what was happening behind her, but she could not twist around and the view along her belly was blocked by her swinging breasts. She felt a hand touching her pussy, gently spreading her lips and she fought to move away but to no avail. A hand began to liberally spread something warm and greasy over her naked womanhood, taking care to ensure coating of every fold inside and out. Something unyielding was then pressed against her and she felt it gently slip between her outer lips. There was a gentle hiss of releasing steam. Her eyes widened and her mouth formed an “O” as something colossal but with great power gently pushed against her, stretched her lips apart and slid slowly but effortlessly inside her. The intruder was lengthy, and she could feel it had substantial girth, she took deep breaths as it continued its journey stretching her until it filled her deep into the vault of her cunt.

“Oh my!” she said breathily. Lady Blackrook was no virgin and had enjoyed the pleasure by phalli and other suitably shaped inanimate objects but the invader currently cramming every inch of her vagina exceeded anything she had previously tried or had even considered possible!

“Oh my, indeed,” repeated Lord Cosby, “welcome to my ‘Steam Penetrator’, Lady Blackrook, the method by which I shall tame you. A masterpiece of engineering I can control precisely the stroke depth and frequency of the phallus you can now feel violating you. It is a marvel of meticulous engineering harnessing the potent power of steam yet as responsive and controllable as a surgical instrument able to respond instantly to minute adjustments” He gushed, clearly delighted with the reaction she had shown.

“Quite, Lord Cosby,” gasped Lady Blackrook, still trying to bring her breathing under control, “your demonstration has been quite… stimulating, now if you would kindly remove it and release me, please.”

He shook his head in disbelief and snorted in derision.

“Lady Blackrook, this is only the beginning, there is more much, you will experience the full capability of the Penetrator, I intend to sap your very spirit, break you to my will and I shall enjoy doing so.”

He signalled to the operator and, accompanied by a gentle whoosh of steam, the phallus slipped slickly out and the woman visibly sagged in her restraints.

“It will take more than a *rogering* with a giant cock to break me, Cosby,” she retorted.

He looked sneeringly at her. “If I thought that a good hard fucking was all it took to crack your resolve, I would just hand you over to my men, no that is why I plan to employ other scientific methods, have you ever heard of *Galvanism,* Lady Blackrook? I understand it can be most stimulating,” he mocked.

She baulked at the mention of this new peril, “Devil…. is there no indignity you will not inflict upon me?”

“No my dear, sadly there is not. Apply the galvanic conductors.”

She felt rough hands on her nethers again as thin crescent shaped copper plates holding saline moistened sponges were positioned around the outside of her plump outer lips and secured with leather cords around her thighs. More saline electrodes were placed across her lower abdomen and over the dimples at the base of her spine fastened in place by a strap around her waist. She felt something cold press against her most intimate place, she cried out, but before she could resist it had slipped inside and she was powerless to expel it.

Lord Cosby knelt close to one side of her and investigated her faultless yet strained features.

“And let’s not forget those magnificent teats,” he laughed.

“No, please,” she cried, her first sign of weakness. He smiled pitilessly as the men steadied first one mammary and then the other as circular copper electrodes were clipped over her nipples. She bit down on her lip stifling a cry, she felt powerless, defenceless, exposed.

“Please…” she said weakly, a tear in her eye.

“Let us begin,” Lord Crosby declared as if opening a fete, “Charge the Galvanic Condenser.”

Steam hissed again and she heard a device out of sight began to spin up until it was whirring steadily.

Lord Crosby had poured himself a port and took a sip before instructing his workers in their dastardly endeavours.

“Now, gently at first lads, we don’t want this over too soon and we don’t want to permanently damage our filly.”

The phallic intruder was made of Gutta Percha on a polished ebony and metal shaft moulded into an enormous representation of a man penis. The shaped glans had the diameter of a cricket ball and behind the rim a ridged shaft a full sixteen inches long was thick as a farm labourer’s forearm. Along its lower half were rows of partially circumferential ridges which were designed to run back and forth across the sufferer’s most sensitive bud. Thick and dark, it glistened in the lamplight, coated with warm tallow and Lady Blackrook’s juices.

The device driving this monstrosity was a complex contraption of copper pipes and brass cylinders and connecting rods driving a flywheel. Attached to the outer rim of the flywheel was the linkage attached to the back of the phallus. As the wheel spun it drove the shaft within a lubricated cylinder back and forth ensuring each stroke was as precise as the last. The operating of the mechanism was finely controlled by small valves, hand wheels and twitching gauges showing pressure and r.p.m. Atop the whole device was a spinning centrifugal governor linked to more pipes and braided hoses.

As the operator carefully opened a valve, the mammoth penetrator slid smoothly forward towards the woman’s undefended loins. Again she felt the slippery head pushing into her and she gasped as she felt again the pervading fullness in her lower abdomen.

As it reached the inner most depths of her sex the operator closed the valve and it stopped moving, a good six inches of the shaft still remained! He then made small adjustments to threaded adjusters on the linkage. Opening a second valve the device began to withdraw until only the bulbous head remained poised inside the entrance to her love tunnel, he then made further adjustments to the linkage. Now calibrated each stroke of the monster would drive forward fully penetrating its victim as deeply as possible before withdrawing but not completely exiting the vagina before beginning its next forward stroke.

“‘Tis set, M’lord,” intoned the man and Lord Cosby smiled.

“Now try the Stimulator.”

The Galvanic Stimulator was a large mahogany box with an array of dials, circuit breakers and black vulcanite knobs across the front. At the rear a pulley was being driven by a leather belt attached to a take-off from the main steam drive. On top were two brass rods, topped by small brass spheres, and as the operator adjusted the knobs, electricity arced between the balls.

Lord Cosby leant in again. “My Stimulator is a new device, Lady Blackrock, you are the first person I have had cause to use it on.”

“Excuse me if I am not honoured, you depraved freak,” she spat back.

Ignoring her affront, he spoke to the man intently monitoring the apparatus

“Slowly, bring up the current, you watch the dials, I will watch her,” he ordered.

At first she felt nothing then gradually she became aware of a tingling around her pussy and then her nipples. Gradually it increased from pins and needles until it felt like she was being bitten by thousands of tiny ants.

*“Oww oww, stop please stop!”* she wailed.

As the current rose higher it began to affect the muscles of her abdomen and buttocks which tensed like rocks, then she began to feel the electricity passing through her insides, and let out a loud scream.

*“Owwwwwaarrrrrgh!”*

Her whole lower region was in spasm now, her abdomen, buttocks and upper thighs. The deep muscles of her pussy contracted around the thick phallus causing more discomfort. Lord Cosby let her experience the stimulation for a while longer before he signalled for it to be cut. Lady Blackrook slumped in the straps panting, sweat beginning to form on her skin.

“You aberration,” she bemoaned.

“Oh, I’m not finished yet, there is one more thing.”

Moving to the head of the frame he began to clamp something onto the cross member directly in front of and level with her face.

She lifted her head and looked at the addition with horror.

“I will never submit to your perversion, Cosby, NEVER!”

Fixed in front of her face was a smaller version of the phallus set to defile her from behind. The one was softer and had a curious hole where a man would pee. Trailing behind it were several fine braided hoses which snaked away to the devices behind her.

“You may wish to rethink that My Dear, if you comply you can influence the degree of torment you suffer. You see this is not just a facsimile of a penis, it is in fact a complex piece of hydraulic and pneumatic engineering. If the ‘operator’*,”* he smiled, “sucks, they create a negative pressure which retards the governor on the Penetrator, which in turn decreases the depth and frequency of its intrusion. Secondly, built into the head and shaft are a network of oil filled tubes, the fluid in these will detect the movement and pressure of your tongue and lips and in turn reduce the amplitude of the current delivered by the Galvanic Stimulator.”

“You evil degenerate scum, not satisfied with defiling me you now want me to prolong my torture by making me pleasure a mechanical cock for your depraved voyeuristic satisfaction... I will not!”

The smile slipped from his face at the verbal tirade and with an angry sneer he declared.

“Very well we will test your mettle to destruction, Lady Blackrook, begin!”

She braced herself as she heard the slow release of steam and the increasing whirr and crackle of the stimulator.

Slowly the phallic intruder started its journey in and out of her pussy and she found herself giving a little moan each time it drove in. At the same time the painful thrill of electricity began to nip at her teats and delicate nether lips. The Stimulator had been synchronised with the Penetrator to cause her deep muscles to spasm on the entry stroke, heightening the sensation of repeated penetration. She struggled, helplessly, her mittened hands opening and clenching in their leather prisons. Every now and again she would gasp or let out a yelp whilst Lord Cosby looked on, sipping his port.

The penetrator was pounding in and out of her now, slow, rhythmic, forceful, the rows of ridges playing an unbroken tempo across her clitoris. The tallow melting with her body heat and mixed with her own fluids began trickling down across her mons, mingling with her pubis where it cooled and congealed. Alarmingly she found the repeated electrical stimulation was increasing her own rate of secretion along with heightening the sensations in her loins, she fought harder struggling to regain control, she did not want to climax like this, forced like a brood mare under the leering gaze of men.

Sensing the change in her responses Lord Cosby leant over the shoulder of each operator in turn making minor adjustments to the settings of each machine. He watched the woman’s quivering, straining body, taut, perfect, she was indeed a magnificent creature, tamed she would bring a pretty penny.

Lady Blackrook fought to maintain her composure, but it was a losing battle, she knew something was different with each change but could not resist what was building within her, each minor adjustment guided by Lord Crosby turned the faux cock driving in an out of her into a seasoned lover, stroke and depth a perfect combination, the electro stimulation pulsed in unison bringing her relentlessly to her peak.

*“Ah ah ah ah ah ah AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”* She moaned, her body exploding with pleasure, she tensed holding herself stiff until it passed before she slumped her head hanging down her blonde locks hiding her look of satisfaction, she had never experienced an orgasm of such intensity.

Lord Cosby smiled; it was working, he would break this Adventurix.

Lady Blackrook on the other hand knew what she must do although it disgusted her. Lifting her head, she saw the flaccid appendage and felt to reach it with her mouth. Her sweet lips sought to catch the bobbing cock before she hungrily pulled the fat head into her mouth making an O around the shaft behind the head, her cheeks distended.

Frantically she began to suck on the false member until she felt the pumping in her pussy begin to slow and the pounding lessen. All the time her tongue rolled around the rim of the head whilst her lips squeezed the shaft making obscene slurping sucking sounds, however it was working the constant painful electric assault diminished.

“Well done Lady Blackrock, I knew you would succumb eventually, and what a delightful sight you make filling that delicate mouth with cock. I’m sure your new owner will be more than satisfied with your undoubted prowess in the “oral field” and he laughed.

She scowled back, her face reddening with shame.

“Mmmm, Mmm, ah, mmmm, mmmm…” she continued to slurp enthusiastically, desperate to suspend the mechanical carnal assault.

“It will be interesting to see how long you can keep that up, Lady Blackrook, or are you tiring already?”

She was being pounded every ten seconds or so now and the shock pulsed in unison, but he was right she would not be able to keep up this level of oral athletics indefinitely, indeed her late husband had never required more than five minutes in her mouth before she found herself swallowing his seed.

Gradually her tongue and jaw began to ache now and holding her head up was putting an intolerable strain on her neck, she began to slow her ministrations. Almost immediately the stroke rate increased and the shocks rose in intensity and unwillingly she continued to suck as if her life depended on it. To make matters worse her already sensitised sexuality was beckoning her towards a second climax which burst then on her again. The phallus slipped from her mouth dribbling saliva as she wailed loudly with pleasure every muscle straining.

With a hiss of steam, the pace resumed, and she found herself again being fucked senseless, she tried to reach for the cock again but without success, she was flagging, her tongue wagged pink glistening, but she could not find the errant cock.

She was gasping again with each stroke as the machine continued its relentless untiring shafting, she knew she was going to come again, even quicker this time and there was nothing she could do about it….

“Wwwaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh!” she wailed in the rapture of mechanised pleasure.

Movement caught her eye, and she slowly lifted her head. Before her Lord Cosby stood with his member clearly visible straining against his breeches. Grabbing her long blonde locks he lifted her head and guided the cock back into her mouth.

She sucked hungrily on the device desperate to relieve her torment even for a moment.

She struggled to concentrate, her pussy felt almost molten, one sensation running into another as she was filled, emptied, and refilled, the ridges continuing their insidious stroking. Her mind was swimming, the crackling of the Stimulator, the throbbing hiss of the Penetrator, everything spun and merged a cacophony of pleasure and anguish. Her skin glistened with sweat, it trickled between her breasts before droplets formed dark flowers on the floor beneath her. Thick creamy tracks of tallow mixed with her feminine nectar slowly trickled down her thighs and soaked into her stocking tops. The cock slipped from her mouth again and her head sagged.

Lord Crosby was now guiding his men again, gradually they slowed the strokes and reduced the current just enough to keep Lady Blackrook balanced on the edge.

Lord Crosby was searching for Lady Blackrook’s “sweet spot,” to bring her to the point of orgasm and hold her there denying her relief, *that* would break her.

With great care the Penetrator operator carefully trickled warm tallow from a small oil can onto the shaft of the thrusting phallus. It formed a shining golden ring of liquid where it met the seal of her labia before adding to the rivulets trickling down her thighs and underbelly.

Lord Crosby looked across to where another man was tending an abacus like device with rows of wooden spheres. As the beauty in bondage arched in her bonds and let out a long mewling wail, he pushed one across the frame adding to the eight already there. Nine pondered Lord Crosby, no woman had ever lasted so long, still whilst each orgasm would weaken her, he knew that to keep her on the edge was a far greater torment, he signalled silently to make further adjustments.

Lord Crosby took another sip watching Lady Blackrook’s progress to destruction, she had not orgasmed now for several minutes. She moaned softly, her head hung low, damp blond mane hiding her face, she had no strength nor inclination to pleasure the faux phallus. She wanted to come, she needed to come, her sex burned for the release it would bring but somehow it was being denied her.

Gathering her hair into a bunch he again lifted her head; he investigated her flawless visage. How beautiful was the face of a woman when contorted with the agony only protracted merciless pleasure can bring he mused?

“Are you ready to submit, Lady Blackrook?”

Her blank wide eyes rolled up to meet his, her pupils like black pools, her mouth moved slowly.

“Please, release me from this infernal mechanical torment or let me climax. I implore you, please, *please…*” she spoke softly between breaths, her face now pleading.

“Regrettably until you acquiesce to my demands and submit to my will, I cannot release you.”

Her eyes narrowed and focused and her reply was tinged with venom.

“Then kill me now, for I would rather die than yield to a debased degenerate,” and she spat at his porcine face.

He wiped the spittle from his eye. “Very well Lady Blackrook you will regret your defiance.”

Moving from device to device he made the adjustments personally.

The rhythm of the Penetrator changed as the depth of stroke increased and the crackling of the Stimulator grew louder and filled the air with the odour of ionization.

Lady Blackrook now began to cry and moan with each powerful insertion as it pushed bruisingly deep into her internals. The searing shocks delivered by the electrodes and rectal insert caused the muscles of her shapely derriere to contract and relax with agonising regularity whilst the others delivered blistering bites to her teats and sex.

Lord Crosby addressed her again.

“Lady Blackrook, you have shown your will to resist will make you worthless and dangerous. I cannot allow you to live and reveal my plans, therefore you have sealed your own fate. I have instructed my men to increase the settings incrementally until the machines break you. If you are lucky, you will succumb swiftly, if not you are facing a chapter of unspeakable and increasing torment until your body breaks so Lady Blackrook, I will leave you to your fate. Goodbye.”

She struggled in her bonds. “You fiend you will not get away with this, I will…AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRR!” Her body was racked by the increasing shocks, her internals pummelling by the pistoning phallus.

She screamed again, her whole being a vessel of pain and torment, but Lord Crosby had left her to her demise, and as he strolled across the courtyard, he heard the high piercing shriek and he smiled.

“Saddle up my horse, I am going for a ride!”
