---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/box654.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Beach Bondage
authors:
- Box654
tags:
- Sbm
- chast
- outdoors
- caught
- FF/m
- toys
- hum
- cons/reluct
- X
---

This wasn't my first self-bondage experience, and certainly won't be
my last. Saturday afternoon, I headed for the beach.  It was very
crowded, and I knew exactly where to go.  I parked my car at the far
end of the county park, where most people kept their cars.  I took
my bag of goodies and walked two miles to the other end of the park to the row of "port-o-pottys". 
I chose one right in the middle and went inside.

The smell was awful, and it was very hot and humid that day.  Being
at the beach, it wasn't obvious to just wear a swimsuit.  This helped
me get undressed.  I began putting the items I had brought on myself
one at a time.  First, the leather hood, then the locking gag/head
harness over it.  With a click of three different locks, it wasn't
coming off.  I then put on my leg cuffs.  Then, with a deep breath,
the chastity belt (with butt-plug).  I had specifically left the key
for that back in the car.

I then took the keys for the cuffs and the head harness and placed them
in a lock-box.  I put my handcuffs on one wrist... then pulled out
a re-settable combination lock.  I put on the other wrist.  I
was about to chicken out... so I slapped the lock on the box, and exhaled
deeply.

I had re-set the combination without looking at it.  It had 3 digits...
1,000 possible combinations.  I was locked in good.   I
knew two things for sure. It usually took 2 1/2 hours at worst to get the
combination... and it would be getting dark very soon... so I only had
45 minutes to crack this thing... or spend the night in here.

I began working feverishly at the lock. Starting with 500... 0 seems
like the worst choice to begin with.  I knew this was a race against
darkness.  I kept going, and going.  At 800, my fingers were
sore... and I began to worry.  Did I possibly miss the right number
by a hair?  Just keep going, that's the only way.

By 150 (all the way around) I could barely see the numbers.  At
200, it was all over.  I couldn't make out a single number. 
I was screwed.   I sat there with a throbbing ass, and sore fingers,
knowing I couldn't make it all night with that plug in me.

I stood there another 30 or so minutes, and decided I had to go to the
car and use the light.  It was really dark, but not so dark that someone
wouldn't know what I was into.  I looked out the door, no one in the
immediate area, so I started for the car.  With the leg chains on,
I really couldn't go very fast.  Just ahead, I saw car lights... 
now what???

I walked closer towards the water, and faced away from the car.. they
just passed.  I began to walk again.  Car after car went by,
I guess they couldn't really see me.  This is going to be fine I thought. 
Until I got closer to my car.  I knew why this was a good spot, lots
of people would make it difficult to get back to.  I was right. 
There were at least 10 cars near mine.  Then I remembered, my car
keys are in the box!  Shit!  Now what?

Then it hit me like a brick... light from a flashlight.  
I froze, but the light was on me!

"Oh look, a gimp..."  These two women were walking, and had seen
me before I saw them.

One took the box from me and said, "I bet something
in there is REAL important?"

I couldn't speak, the gag was my worst enemy now.  The other one
grabbed my nipples and pulled... "get on your knees you little piece of
shit!"

I just fell down.  One girl looked over the lock on the
box and said... "hmmm, which numbers do you still need to try? Huh?"

I just grunted.  About that time, a huge "Pow" and sting came across
my ass.

The other said "we can beat it out of him!"

Fortunately, she began with the 200 I had left off with. But with every
wrong number came another swing of the others' belt.  Then a miracle... 
At 223, the lock opened!

"Well look at this" she said.  "Now that wasn't any fun.."

She then pulled a small wallet out of her handbag.  Showing me a badge,
she said, "I work for the Sheriff's department, and you're going to get
in some serious trouble one day."  With a really brutal smack of the
belt one more time... she handed me the open box and said.  "Hope you
have as good a night as we did."

I ran for the car with my head down. 
I jumped in, locked the doors, and pulled off all my gear.  I drove
home with my heart racing...

Knowing that I would never again have such an awsome experience.

Box654

2001
