---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Art Show
authors:
- Dan Dofogh & BabyDoll
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- boxed
- transported
- cons
- X
date: 2004-01-24 00:00:00
---

**Fri Aug 21 09:08am**

*Babydoll's apparel update for Friday: today I am wearing a black
cotton Betsey Johnson dress which snaps all the way up the front (you can
rip it open--ooooooo). It has a scoop neck and spaghetti straps and it
falls just a little below mid-thigh. It is form-fitting and cut for a curvy
female, tailored in the way that only Betsey can tailor a dress. Mmmmm.
:) Over that is a gauzy blue/grey top, with a tiny button at the top, the
rest hangs open, it has scalloped cap sleeves. I'm wearing it for office
modesty (yeah right!) and I will remove it when I go to art openings this
evening. No stockings. Black Victoria's Secret lace g-string panties. Black
Victoria's Secret Perfect Silhouette bra. Black suede ankle strap 3 inch
heels with pointy toes. Too pretty. Hair's down today. Same jewelry and
perfume as always. No lipstick, just lip gloss. Otherwise, same makeup.
I'm upset today because I have a blemish on my cheek. I think it's because
the other morning upon waking I found I needed a boost, so I gagged myself
with an Ace bandage (stuffed as much of one end into my mouth as I could
then wrapped the remainder around my head and lower face, sealing my little
mouth shut) then I got down to business. Anyway, it was lovely, but I think
the bandage may have had a little Tiger Balm or something on it from the
last time I used it for a non-sexual purpose. So I guess the blemish is
worth it, but it's aggravating, nonetheless. :(*

**Babydoll**

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Melissa clicked the "send" button and waited for the screen to refresh.
09:08. That gave her exactly nine hours and fifty-two minutes before Dan
was due to pick her up for the art openings. No, make that forty-two minutes,
he was notoriously early. He called it "punctual", she called it "anally
retentive". Whatever it was called, it was hell on a girl trying to get
her makeup right and appear fashionably late.

Melissa's diary explained to her the only obligation of the day was
with the magazine printers at ten am, and after that the day was hers to
do with as she pleased. That could be shopping, a nice long nap, or spend
the afternoon with a good friend. What a choice! She smiled, closing down
the Internet browser on her machine, closing down the word processor, closing
down the spreadsheet, closing down the calendar and organizer, closing
down the email system, closing down the desktop publishing system and finally
closing down her network connection. Leaving now should get her to the
printers with five minutes to spare. Just enough time for a snickerdoodle
cookie. Thighs watch out, here comes reinforcements! She snicker(doodle)-ed
to herself. What's a cookie without company, right?

Melissa's car was parked around the side of the office buildings where
the sun would not heat it up too badly on warm days like today. Her car
was a 1974 battered green Corolla panelvan with "I voted for Reagan" stickers
on it, it had a pile of character and it was her friend. When it was left
out on really hot days the expanding metal would give an irregular ticking
noise like it's old worn-out heart had just run a mile. Though it was only
warm, she heard a similar noise now. And the sun was only warm, definitely
not warm enough to strain the steel heart of her brave green stallion...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kelly rolled her head from side to side again, as far as the posture
collar would allow. If she leaned forward she could catch part of the bit
gag on her knee, where she could get lever her tongue underneath the bit
and wet the edges of her lips. At the same time she could wipe the drool
collecting on her lower lip off on her knee. Like killing two birds with
one stone. As if she was in a hurry and needed to be efficient with her
time!

Kelly is a girl. Kelly is a brunette, an intelligent, funny girl who
had been introduced to Melissa at Kelly's thirtieth birthday party two
days ago. Until two days ago Kelly didn't know her elbows could touch behind
her back or what a bit felt like behind her teeth or what it was like to
kiss another girl. She didn't two days ago, but she sure did now.

Kelly rolled her shoulders forward, then back. The handcuffs holding
her wrists close clicked against the D-ring of the wide belt holding them
to the small of her back. The padlock clicked against the D-rings on her
wide leather ankle cuffs as she moved her feet within their four-inch court
shoes. And the chain between the collar and padlock at her ankles made
its own sweet music, not that she'd be able to stretch out if it wasn't
there anyway, given where she was right now.

Melissa opened the hatch at the back of the car to expose the wooden
box in the cargo area of the 'van. She crawled into the small space beside
the box and undid the clasp holding the side closed. A face turned toward
her, the twin "I voted for Clinton" stickers rendering it blind.

Melissa reached behind the captive and undid the gag strap, pulling
it forward and out before wiping it on a cloth from the floor of the 'van.
She passed some water to Kelly who took a small sip before licking her
lips and and smiling.

"Either that's Ben Affleck or Melissa. Either's fine by me!"

Melissa smiled back.

"How about Ben in drag sweetie? I've gotten no strange phone calls so
far this morning, so I assume everything's OK and you're happy?"

Kelly's hands moved downwards an inch to rest on Melissa's mobile phone,
left on the cushioned floor of the box and pre-programmed to Mel's office
number.

"Mmmm, all well so far. I was tempted to ring my friend in Australia
though. If I'm being punished I may as well earn it."

Melissa laughed. "Then I'd be tempted to seal that box straight back
up and send you to him. See if you'd get given in-flight entertainment
in a box on a twenty-hour flight! Now, are you up for the next thirty minutes?".

"Sure, if you're up for the six hours after that."

Melissa expressed her agreement, then held the water to Kelly's lips
once more. After replacing the gag, she closed the side of the box and
fastened the clasps. She closed the hatch and jumped into the drivers seat
before starting up the motor.

"Testing safety signal - One Two Three", she cried.

Melissa clearly heard three loud noises coming from the box.

"OK, off we go".

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Melissa walked back to her car. The printers had haggled her over their
quote and she'd probably been a bit lenient. After all, she was in a good
mood. From the drivers seat Kelly glanced up from the book she'd been reading.
Melissa had driven to within a kilometre of the printers, where she'd parked
way way way in the back of the parking lot of a Mall and released Kelly.
The two had grabbed a quick morning tea and the obligatory snickerdoodle
cookie. Kelly was a bit stiff but otherwise fine. Melissa had been driving
along when all of a sudden Kelly had decided to sing along, and the gag-garbled,
off-tune caterwauling had made her laugh so hard she'd nearly wet herself.
Tori Amos she ain't.

Melissa jumped in the passenger's seat.

"OK, are you ready for this afternoon?", Kelly asked.

"Sure, it's eleven-thirty now. Dan arrives tonight at seven-ish and
you promise to feed me at lunch and a quick afternoon snack?"

"Yep, promised, signed and delivered", Kelly answered. After all, Melissa
didn't need her hands free to eat; Kelly could feed her just fine. That
gave them anything up to seven hours or even more if Dan wanted to join
in. And Melissa liked prolonged, tight, comfortable bondage. Kelly reached
back for her bag and pulled out a leather hood, cuffs, about a million
miles of rope and a posture collar with "Dan's Pet" embossed on the side.

"OK, let's get you into that box."

Melissa grinned.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Fri Aug 21 11:48am**

*Babydoll's apparel update for Friday afternoon: this afternoon I
am wearing a soft cotton rope bra. Between its loops my nipples stick right
through and say "Hello" - highly erotic. On my head is a leather hood.
It hugs every curve of my face, embracing my chin, cheeks and forehead
and has a hole at the peak to let my hair out as if a long black shower
of hair is erupting from the top of my head. In my mouth is a white rubber
ball. This is Kelly's favourite of course, not mine as lipstick marks form
on it too easily. My favourite is the yellow or the green ball. But that's
personal opinion :)*

*My wrists are in wide cuffs held by a short chain comfortably to
the back of my collar. The collar is high and limiting and if I could see
through the leather, forcing me to stare at the wall of my cosy box. The
D-ring on the front of the collar is anchoring the ropes holding my knees
together almost onto my chin. My ankles? They're free, but that's really
an aesthetic touch as I couldn't do anything but wave hello with my feet
bound the way I am anyway.*

*I am tied into a ball, inside a strong wooden box in the back of
my own car. My friend Kelly is driving to my house where she will use the
trolley to unload me into the loungeroom and torture me by forcing me to
listen to "The Bored and the Beautiful" and "As the Stomach Turns". If
I concentrate, really concentrate I can get some stimulation onto my pussy
from the cushioned base of my box, but the enclosed space makes it hard.*

*Same jewelry and perfume as always. No lipstick, just lip gloss.
Otherwise, same makeup. Isn't Opium grand?*

**Babydoll**

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Text Copyright 1998 by Dan Dofogh and BabyDoll 
All Rights Reserved 
Do not repost or repurpose without permission
