---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/diy_selfbondage.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: DIY Selfbondage
authors:
- Afff
tags:
- Sbm
- cons
- X
date: 2005-09-14 00:00:00
---

DIY Selfbondage by Afff
 
With no one around, I put on my makeshift bondage/chastity
suit.  Using 3 old dress shirts, I achieved a tightness at the neck
similar to a collar, and by buttoning the cuffs to their smallest, I find
it contstricting to bend my arms.  A special device made of wire hanger
goes through all thre top buttons, and locks the shirts on, and is then
covered by a tie, pulled very tightly.  I then put on some Dickies
painter overalls - which serve as both an anchor point and chastity.

With the shoulder straps crisscrossed, and hooked
onto the buttons at the waist rather than the bib, it becomes harder to
breathe, and the bottom seam of the pants pull tightly into my balls when
I am lying down.  There is a loop for hammers on the back that I use
to attach my 'cuffs'.  I take the bib portion, and padlock a chain
to each top button, then around the back of my neck, under the shirt collar..

With the bib, and straps crisscrossing my chest,
I cannot reach underneath.  Next come Dickies painter pants, which
have hammer loops on either side, more attachments points.  Next comes
a very tight pair of suspenders, furthering the chastity.  I put on
a large belt, and padlock it shut.  Now the fun begins.
 
Taking a round, inch-thick wooden pole, I put
a belt around my ankles, and above and below my knees, looping the belt
around the pole a few times.  The pole is about 4 feet long, and has
duct tape wrapped in certain areas to stop the belts from sliding. 
With my legs rigid, I attach the top end of the pole to the hammer loop,
which is pulled about halfway up my backby the straps.  I leave some
wood below my feet, as well, making it imposible to hop.

Next comes the headgear.  Taking a hood from
my winter jacket, I blindfold myself.  The hood has a velcro part
that is meant to seal the hood from wind, but instead, it goes under my
chin. Drawstrings cinch it up, blocking out all light.  I use an old
'cup' from a pair of headphones (the hearing protection kind) - which effectively
muffles all sound.  It has 3 holes drilled through the hard plastic
shell for breathing, and is attached to 2 belts.  My chin fits into
the bottom of the cup, so my jaw is shut tight.  The gag is very effective,
and one belt attaches to the hood via a loop for ski goggles.
 
I can now restrain my hands, either behind my
back, or at my sides.With hands behind the back, I first loosely lock my
hands through the hammer loop, using locks and chains, then I take a large,
stiff padlock, and use it to pull the wrist loops tightly together. There
is only one way to put the lock through, with the wrists offset. 
Once this is locked on, my arms are up high on my back, and locked at angles
- very useless.  With hands at the sides, I slip my wrists through
the hammer loops, then lock them together with a long chain, preventing
the from leaving the loops.

Having put the keys down the hall, I must travel
a long, long way, with rigid legs barely able to push (the pole sticking
out helps prevent the feet from toucing a wall), and my hand useless. 
I have pushed furniture into the way, and blindfolded, can barely see it,
let alone push it.
 
After lying there and struggling for a while,
while intensely dreaming, and screwing a special rubber ass, I must make
the move down the hall.  The hands behind the back totally makes the
arms useless, and forces my to proceed uncomfortably on my stomach. I get
extremely frustrated with my hands at my side, as I am just out of reach
of my genitals, and unable to play with myself.
 
I have an old drum stool that I use for being
bound to an object.  I use the same setup, except I am strapped to
the top of the stool, chest to the seat.  My wrists are attached by
a chain through 2 of the legs.  With the way my knees are attched
to the third leg, they are painfuly pinched by the expanding tripod. 
When I am all attached, I spread the tripod legs, which separates the hands
considerably.  I lock the legs down with a drum key, a sort of square
wrench that locks a sliding band.  I then throw the key under the
furniture.  This form   of bondage excels, as the spare
drum key must be retrieved first, so that the hands can reach each other. 
Using the same setup as earlier of furniture, etc, I must make 2 very frustrating
trips.
