---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Halloween Display
authors:
- Mikel
tags:
- M/f
- halloween
- mum
- display
- public
- corset
- catheter
- catsuit
- pvc
- leather
- balletboots
- armbinder
- breathplay
- fibreglass
- encased
- electro
- toys
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

Halloween had turned into our favorite time of year, each year our costumes became more complex with ever more stringent bondage themes, well— more stringent for me. I loved when he got an idea even though I knew it would entail me being bound and gagged while he led me around to the clubs and around our neighborhood. Last year I had finally asked about being a mummy, one of my all-time favorite restraints is being wrapped exceptionally tight and left to struggle for air and freedom while teased or tormented into hopefully several orgasms.

Mikel was very good at making my mummification very tight and those three days had been no exception. I was excited to hear his ideas two days before he began my preparations. I knew I would be mummified thus eliminating much travel but other than that the final plan was not revealed to me so I waited anxiously to find out how I would spend my Halloween.

Mikel had built what looked like a sarcophagus, partially lying on a broken altar, leaving it in a standing position and tilted back slightly. The sarcophagus had been made of wood and plaster and painted appropriately with a thick “lid” that could easily be opened. It was not as large as real ones but it definitely gave you the idea. Taking a photo from a movie and blowing it up to life-size he had made a back drop that would fit in the corner of our front porch adding lights and two real torches.

The display looked great set up in the garage. I had no idea what the full plan was, since previous set ups had all been interactive, or how I was going to be used in the display. Little did I know I was to be used as the final, but hidden piece for his eerie display. I had already been corset training so when the most intimidating corset I had ever seen arrived I was not surprised and a little too eager to try it out. The heavy leather corset would cover me from below my chin to my ankles and little did I know just how tight a corset could be or how long one could be forced to wear such an incredible piece of bondage gear.

Being a nurse, I had long ago learned how to catheterize myself so after being ordered to flush my bowels several times I did so gladly before catheterizing myself. My biggest turn on was to be mercilessly bound for days; during those times when my dreams had come true is when I found my true submissiveness and was the happiest I felt I could ever be. Mikel had often utilized my medical skills and contacts to add to my experiences.

I was worried when he showed me a pair of leather ballet boots. We had talked about them many times, leading him to thinking about me wearing them. I knew once he got me something I would be forced to wear and master whatever it was and the strange footwear had come to scare me. Mikel inspected the boots in front of me letting me see they were not the normal “get them online” boots I had seen. The boots were laced tightly up to my knees, the feeling of having them forced onto my feet and laced so tightly was incredible. When I looked down to see how my feet were forced en-pointe I was awe-struck and how thin they were.

The boots held me rigidly from my knees to my toes. I couldn't help but fall in love with them instantly, from their appearance and how they felt. I knew immediately walking competently in them would take much longer but I already agreed with Mikel, they made me look very sexy and very horny. I was ordered to get into my PVC catsuit, the suit design was my own, made from crystal clear PVC that covered my head and face completely, the suit had been warmed multiple times to shape it and fit me perfectly covering my entire body like a second skin.

I already wore a stiff rubber corset daily that forced my large breasts upwards giving me incredible cleavage and pulled my waist in by four inches. The new corset would exceed it by a few more inches than what had become my *everyday* waist reduction. The extra tension made breathing through the two small holes under my nose of the hood even more difficult and delicious. This time he had told me to remove my daily corset, making me wonder if he would even be able to close the form fitting PVC.

He was able to close the clear skin over me stepping back for a moment to admire my body under the clear PVC like he always does. Mikel stepped back, reaching out and running his hands all over my plastic covered body. When I moaned, he quickly stopped his stroking and the leather *torture corset* was slid up my body. The lacing process took a couple of hours, the effort forced Mikel to take a few breaks before he got it tightened to his satisfaction. Mikel’s efforts left me encased by thick rigid leather that already felt incredible but made me gasp for each shallow breath. I was unable to move my head or neck and only able to take miniscule steps on my pointed toes but only with his help.

Mikel looked very excited as he walked around my rigid form stroking the small opening over my cleavage, feeling my crushed breasts desperately trying to burst through the tight PVC and leather. He explained there would be several more adjustments to the corset over the next twenty-four hours then I would be expected to follow him when he takes me to the club Friday night.

I had forgotten about the bondage costume competition this weekend and I knew exactly what he was planning, giving me only four days to learn how to cope with the dress and its amazing tension. Most people could never understand the draw to being forced to wear such things for an evening much less three days, maybe more. You have to really love the challenge to please your captor/lover and the release both sexual and physical when you succeed, to even want to attempt something like this.

I normally spend more time laced tightly, gasping around a gag of some sort and tied stringently than I do free and even when freed I am always wearing something to remind me of my status and my love of being bound. My free time wear can be anything we have available, whether it is a catsuit, my favorite corset or extreme high heels. The wrist and ankle cuffs I wore daily can easily pass as jewelry and even the steel chastity suit gets me excited as he locks it around my waist and chest leaving me to wonder how long will he keep me locked in it this time.

I spent two days sealed inside the leather and PVC only able to take in fluids through the small tube, unable to speak or bend any part of my body. He either led me around by the leash or tied me to our treadmill forcing me to learn to walk in the tight dress and steep boots. On the evening of the second day, he stroked my encased head and body telling me how wonderfully I had been doing, asking if I was ready for the final part of my outfit.

I eagerly moaned I was and through the foggy PVC covering my head I watched him pull a bolero style arm sleeve from its box. I was shocked but excited, I love arm sleeves but had never been encased in this type before. I quickly, for a woman encased in PVC and full body leather corset, spun around on my pointed toes pushing my encased arms together behind my back. Mikel chuckled at my eagerness telling me he loved me as he pulled the thick leather up my arms.

The new sleeve is laced on but must be laced closed so the thin zipper can be closed and locked covering the laces making the sleeve look ultra smooth. The laces and zipper run under the sleeve so my arms had to be forced, tied of course, upwards to give him access to them. Once the sleeve is secure the jacket running over my shoulders is laced the same way sealing the arm sleeve onto me and giving me a seamless appearance.

When laced completely the jacket’s design pulled my arms in towards my back forcing them to remain close to my body. I still wear the arm sleeve, toe boots and PVC regularly, the corset is unfortunately very time consuming to use so I do not get to wear it except on special occasions or vacations. I have spent an entire weeks’ vacation laced into the wonderful body corset with Mikel forcing his corseted doll to move carefully while restraining it differently every day. He used the corded vibrators and tens units used to keep me aroused but frustrated until I beg him for an orgasm, only then does he allow me to climax.

I had begun my training for orgasm control and even though I have months to go to be fully trained, I can barely cum without his permission already, I can hardly wait to have him control every part of my life. I spent the entire next thirty-six hours on the treadmill learning how to walk with the arm sleeve. Mikel only allowed me short breaks when he would lead me around before forcing more fluids into me. Unbeknownst to me during my time exercising he had been working on his Halloween display adding special things to *entertain* me.

The evening at the contest went well. Everyone was impressed by my outfit and how well I could move around in it albeit very slowly. The corset had been fully closed from my neck to knees making me gasp for each breath increasing my frustration making me understand when people have said they were desperately horny. Since I had nothing to stimulate me the entire time, I suffered the most frustration I have ever felt knowing he could ask me to do anything or anyone if he would just stroke my pussy or tits for a second.

After the show he laid my exhausted and encased body in the back seat and drove home leaving me in the car while he prepared the display. I was lying quietly when he dragged me out, forcing me to walk into the garage seeing the display and a small area to be used to apply my *costume*. Mikel carefully worked a long stick in between my legs forcing the well lubed vibrator up to my desperately horny pussy making me moan as it got nearer. Once it was in place, he removed the long shaft leaving the vibrator pressed tightly against me, the inert vibrator adding to my desperation to cum.

I had noticed my nipples felt like they had something pressing on them but after a few hours could no longer feel anything different. He pushed his fingers under the leather pulling out two wires and hooked them to some longer ones, I moaned loudly again from the slight stimulation only hearing him chuckle. None of this I could see since I could only look straight ahead but the attention to my crushed breasts felt wonderful.

He worked quietly pulling the lower set of laces tight, crushing my legs together down to my ankles, then began wrapping my entire body in plastic wrap toying with me by acting like he didn’t realize he had covered my breathing holes a few times. I could no longer see anything. The tight wrap had pressed the PVC against my eyes, sealing them shut, so I had no idea what he was doing. When I felt the heat rising around my booted feet moving quickly up my legs, I giggled knowing he was up to something. The feeling of heat continued to move upwards, nothing worrisome, just something *off* that I could feel.

It took two hours before I felt the heat easing around my feet but increasing around my head and even though he had stopped twice to force more liquids into me I suddenly felt very thirsty. As the heat eased, I could feel him moving around me then felt more heat as he added items to my encased body still having no idea what was going on. I had been concentrating on remaining perfectly still, noticing after the heat had started to ease again that it seemed I could relax more without feeling like I was going to fall over.

I was picked up and dragged a few feet then laid back only realizing then I was now completely rigid, unable to move any part of my body wondering what he was doing, hoping he was filming it all for me later. While he strapped me into the casket, I still had no idea what was happening or where I was. I thought about how well I was immobilized but felt no more pressure than when he started.

A flash memory of a brief conversation we had about playing with casting popped into my head. The memories included a picture of a woman covered from head to toe in hard layers of fiberglass casting wrap. The memories led me to quickly figuring out that is what he had done to me. I flexed and twisted, well tried, but could not move any part of my body only able to feel the restraints I had been wearing and that I couldn’t move anything. I was now in a body cast over the restraints I was already in and Halloween wasn’t until tomorrow night!

I could feel nothing from the outside of my cocoon, nor move anything inside it as he continued fussing around my mummified form painting the white fiberglass to make it look aged. He continued adding things to make it look like the wrapping was coming loose until he was happy with the look. Mikel set the sarcophagus in the set he had moved to the front porch, leaning it back before screwing the now partially broken lid to the body. He wanted to make sure I was not exposed to any pranks or theft that might happen, securing me to the small attaching point that was embedded in the front porch.

The movement I felt in the body cast was exciting, reinforcing the fact that I was now totally helpless, relying on him for everything. When he had me secured, he hooked up all of my *entertainment* for the holiday, most of what was going to occur I had no clue about. The first sign I had of what was in store was when he made sure everything was working by turning on each unit, adjusting and increasing the intensity of each until I reacted. It was intense to feel the electricity being shot into your most private areas making me think this was to be my torment for my time encased, scaring me to death.

I calmed myself as each nipple was electrified making me wince and scream in my cocoon as he tested each knowing that I was sure he would not hurt me beyond my limits…much. This comfort allowed me to get comfortable again when the testing stopped but the building anxiety, making me nervous about when it would start again. I had not known about the tens pads on my nipples or the ones placed on each foot until the test so I wondered what else he had done to me. The pads on each side of my butt were expected and enjoyed while the vaginal and anal plugs were the most worrisome.

He showed me pictures after I was released of the entire display and even though **I** wasn’t *interactive* it still looked pretty good. For me being the one trapped in the hard cocoon for over thirty-six hours was the best part. Mikel used sensors to activate the vibrators making them run when people walked up and turn off when they walked away. As they walked away the tens units were activated leaving me wincing and whining until the vibrations came on again, it was wonderful torture.

He had used more sensors to activate the nipple vibrators when the door bell was rung then the nipple tens would shock them for several seconds. The constant teasing was incredible especially since I knew he had no control over any of them at all unless he unplugged the display entirely leaving me to deal with the distractions increasing the feelings of helplessness.

I was only able to hear vague parts of the following night mostly “Trick or Treat” as the kids yelled it. During the busiest time I had been shocked and vibrated at the same time multiple times. As the kids and people came and left while some were ringing the bell leaving me screaming in my coffin as I was brought close to an orgasm many times but never being able to actually orgasm.

During what turned out to be a party, I heard Mikel’s voice several times saying, “Yes, she is.” Once hearing him say, “I tell you that’s where she has been since yesterday.” Shortly after hearing him try to convince someone, I was in the display and I heard him say, “listen closely.” Suddenly I was shocked in my pussy, ass and nipples all at once at substantially higher charges.

When I was done screaming, I heard someone say “Oh my god! She really is inside that!” The person laughed and apparently started tripping the sensors, laughing loudly.

I ended up spending two nights on the front porch being teased near orgasm so many times I couldn’t count them enjoying the majority of it. Both nights it got cold outside but the layers had kept me warm enough to just shiver a little. When I felt him moving me around the house, I knew my alone time was about over. Even though I ached everywhere I was a little sad that I would be released soon having been dreaming about him forcing me to orgasm multiple times before releasing me.

I felt and heard the tool he used to cut the casting, I had tried to get his attention before this had started desperately wanting him to force me to an orgasm. As he worked to cut the casting, he stopped several times leaving me lying in whatever position he had moved me to. I was able to hear him cursing and banging on something then nothing for what felt like a long time.

Suddenly he lifted my head, sitting me on something with my feet pointed down. It took a moment before my feet were lifted and now, I was laying level again. “Babe, I haven’t been able to cut all the way through the outer case.” I hummed and moaned in response so he continued. “Tomorrow I will go buy another blade or something and finish cutting you out, would you like me to tease you some more, maybe make the most of your situation?”

I hummed loudly in agreement and suddenly the vibrator, tens unit and my nipples went nuts. I was whimpering and whining at the sudden overload of stimulation but nothing changed as I struggled to keep breathing. I have no idea how long I was tortured until I blacked out and lay sleeping comfortably, remembering only the feelings of being warm and safe in my cocoon.

When I awoke fully, I was lying on the bed panting, I was free of the hard outer wrapping but still encased in the thick leather. When he came to me, whispering how much he loved me and how proud he was of me, the extreme effort I had expended and the pain I was in seemed worth it. Mikel slowly removed my remaining restraints and clothing, in between each piece being removed Mikel would use my own desires, almost like he was reading my mind, causing me to explode in ecstasy.

By the time I was lying naked I had orgasmed six times, each was more amazing then the last leaving me exhausted and happy being gently covered by a blanket. I slept for almost twenty-four hours; waking I saw Mikel sitting in the chair near the bed smiling, he fixed me some of my favorite food, feeding me still naked in the bed. We laughed about the party ending with us watching the video he had taken making me horny again riding him until we both orgasmed as we started planning the next Halloween adventure.
