---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Strand's Tale
authors:
- Chris Powell
tags:
- FF/mm
- D/s
- bond
- bdsm
- pins
- wax
- oral
- tape
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2007-12-08 00:00:00
---

Strand had been planning to meet his new friend, they had decided to meet for lunch at a
local restaurant. They both were into bondage but Chris was into much more pain and had a
Mistress. Strand wondered if he would get to meet Chris's Mistress and if he did what would
happen.

On the day of the meeting Strand was nervous as he walked down the street to the
restaurant, what would happen today he wondered. He entered and found a seat in the corner, he
was about a half hour early and he wanted to get a seat where he could watch the door. He waited
for a while as people came and went. Then a big guy came into the restaurant wearing a blue shirt
and jean shorts. This is what his friend had said he would be wearing. He stopped and looked
around and Strand waved to him. He moved over to the table and ask if he was Strand. Strand
said yes and they both sat at the table.

They ordered lunch and talked about bondage topics.
Strand found Chris to be very pleasant to talk to and very informed on bondage topics. As lunch
started to come to a close Chris ask Strand if he would like to come home with him and see his
makeshift dungeon. No one was there Chris said and then he could drive Strand wherever he would like to go after.

Strand said yes and so they got in Chris's car and drove a short
distance to a house on a back street. They parked in the back and Chris lead Strand through the
back door. "Do you want some coffee or tea?" Chris ask Strand, Strand answered no but thanks.

"Ok then on with the tour" Chris lead Strand down into the basement. In the basement Strand saw
a wicked looking bed made of plywood, a couple of poles running from the floor to the ceiling
and a bondage cross made from wood in the corner.

"Well it's not much, but Mistress enjoys
using all of them," Chris said.

Strand looked them all over. He wondered what they each would
feel like. Unknown to either of them Chris's Mistress had returned home. She saw his car and
wondered why he was home. She had her younger sister with her, who was visiting from out of
town. She entered the rear door of the house quietly and moved downstairs toward the basement.
Her sister right on her heels behind her.

At the basement door she listened to Chris and Strand
talk about bondage. She knew Chris had brought a friend into their bondage play room and she
was mad. She turned to her sister and placed a finger to her lips. She pushed a button hidden
from sight next to the door. Inside the basement a gas could just be heard spraying into the room.
Chris noticed the odor first but it was too late. He turned to head for the door but fell to his knees
and was out cold. Strand saw Chris fall and knew he was next. He moved two steps and went to
his knees and down onto the floor out like a light.

Strand woke and tried to move, but he was tied tight on his knees to one of the posts. As
he regained his awareness he noticed his back was to the pole and his arms were tied behind him,
behind the pole. His ankles were tied together and his knees were tied just behind the pole. He
had no clothing on. He had a nice big plastic ball gag in his mouth pulled very tight.  He looked
around and saw Chris tied tight to the table. His legs were pulled very wide to the edges of the
table. His arms were tied above his head and he to had an enormous ball gag in his mouth. He
was also blindfolded and nude. Strand wondered why he was not blindfolded.

In a few minutes
he heard someone enter the room from behind him. This must be Chris's Mistress. She moved
over to Strand. "I hope you are enjoying your tour, my name is Mistress Tracy and this is my
sister Mistress Amanda. We thought we would give you a full tour of our little dungeon."

"I want
him" Mistress Amanda said.

"He is yours dear sister, but first lets show them what snooping
around our dungeon does for them, they both need to be punished. I will take care of my dear
Husband slave if you want to take care of our guest."

Mistress Amanda moved over to Strand, "I
am going to enjoy you"

Strand now got a good look at her as she moved around in front of him.
She was blond about 5 feet 5 inches, she had tattoos on different parts of her body. She wore only
a black garter belt which covered nothing of her beautiful body. Strand almost drooled as he got
his first full look at her body. This was the stuff dreams were made of.

"If I ungag you will you
remain quite?" Mistress Amanda asks, Strand shakes his head yes. "I will reward you if you do."

But first she placed a blindfold over Strands eyes taking his sight of her wonderful body. She
then pulls the gag loose. He breathes more freely and waits. He hears her move around and then
feels a clothespin placed on each nipple, Strand is not used to this but bites his tongue not saying
anything. He wants to see where this goes. She then places a clothespin on each side of his
ballsack. He yelps and tries to move.

Mistress Amanda puts her hand on his head and pets him
like a dog. "It's ok, they will stop hurting in a minute."

Good to her word the pain dulled down to
dull throb.

"You have been very good so here is your reward." He feels her wet pussy push to his
mouth.

"Eat me nice and I will do more pleasure or fail me and I will really punish you like your
friend is getting now."

Strand knew to eat for all he was worth. It was not unpleasant as she
pushed herself onto his face, pushing him tight to the pole.

Chris was not fairing as well. His wife had over 300 clothspins on his body and was
whipping them with a ridding crop. He yelped into the tight gag as she punished him for bring a
friend to their play room. After about half hour of this Mistress Tracy lowered herself onto
Chris's face. "Make me happy slave or I will leave these clips on all night."

She let her weight
push Chris's face deep into her pussy. He sucked and licked for all he was worth, fighting for
breath. Fifteen minutes into this torture Strand heard Chris's Mistress shake into orgasm covering
Chris's face with her juices. Strand could tell Mistress Amanda was close also. He doubled his
efforts and was rewarded with his Mistress shaking and covering his face in a new spray of
juices.

The Mistress's shoved gags back into their mouths and left without a word. Strand
moans into his gag as he starts to feel the clothspins on his nipples and ball sack again. Upstairs
the Mistress talked.

"I like the new slave." Mistress Amanda was saying. "Can I keep him?"

Mistress Tracy says, "You can take him back to your Motel with you but you have to let him go
when you leave"

"Oh ok" Mistress Amanda says, "at least I have all week to have fun."

"That you
do my dear sister and I have all week to punish my very unruly slave as well."

**Part 2**

Mistress Amanda had thought it would be hard to get Strand out to her van for the ride to
her Motel Room, but it was really very easy. She waited until 2 am then walked him right out of
the house and into the back of the van. His arms were cuffed behind him and he had a tight ball
gag and blindfold on. Once in the van she attached cuffs to his ankles and lay Strand on his side.

As she moved out of the back door of the van she reached down and caressed Stands shaft. He
moaned at the pleasure of her soft hand. She worked the shaft up and down a few times and then
left  the van. Strand moaned in frustration. The van started to move down the empty streets.

Blindfolded Strand had no idea where he was being taken. The van moved here and there for
what seemed like hours, then it came to a stop. He heard the back door open and his Mistress
climb in. "Don't make a sound or you will be so punished" she said.

Strand knew better then to
even mumble a word, the sound of her voice told him that. He climbed out of the van and waited
as she placed a plastic rain coat over his nude body and pulled the hood up over his head. He felt
the ankle cuffs being removed and heard her voice again. "Move"

He started walking as she lead
him up some stairs and down a hall. They saw no one as he heard her open a door and push him
inside.

"Stand right there" Again he knew better than to disobey. The rain coat was removed
and he was pushed forward. "Sit!" she said.

He was pushed backward but held firmly by his
Mistress. His arms were placed over the back of the chair. "Don't move while I fix you better."

He felt rope around his chest wrapped tight holding him to the back of the chair. Then his ankles
and knees were pulled back tight to the legs of the chair, leaving his legs wide open.

"Now that
looks better," Mistress Amanda said. "Lets see how grateful you are to me for making your wildest
dreams come true."

He felt her move over him and her now very wet pussy push to his face. "Eat
me until I cum Slave and I will then see if you are worthy of my time"

Strand had no choice he
began licking and sucking her. She tasted sweet like cherries, so he greatly went about his task.
She would close her legs over his mouth tight and he would have to fight to breathe, just when he
thought he would pass out she would back off and let him have some air. For over an hour he
was forced to lick and suck his Mistress, she orgasmed many times covering his face with her
juices. Finally she moved off of him and he heard her leave the room. He heard water and
assumed she was in the bath. He waited, which was all he could do.

An hour later his Mistress
returned. "You did good slave, for that I will allow you to sleep with me in the bed and not stay
in the chair all night, but if you give me any trouble while I am getting you ready, you don't want
to know what will happen. If you understand shake your head."

He did and she begin to untie
him from the chair. "Stand she said."

He stood with his hands still cuffed behind him. "Move
over here" she pulled him to the bed. "Sit"

He sat and felt rope again being applied to his
ankles and up to his knees. His legs are pulled tight together and now he feels the handcuffs
being removed. "Don't try anything" She said.

He was helpless with his legs tied so he just sat
there. "Lay back on the bed."

He did as he was told and felt the handcuffs attached to the head of
the bed. He then felt rope again tied to his ankles and then he was pulled tight to the foot of the
bed. "Nice slave." Her heard her say. "Lets give you a reward"

He felt something at his mouth
"open" she said and a pair of her wet panties were shoved into his mouth. Her taste filled his
mouth and her wonderful smell filled his nose. He was in heaven. He heard tape being ripped and
she placed four strips over the panties sealing them into his mouth. He felt her climb onto the bed
and slide her body down to his now hard shaft. She guided his shaft into her very wet pussy and
took the entire length. He moaned in pleasure and she begin moving up and down. The pace got
faster and faster he could feel an orgasm building.

He wondered if he would finish before her, if
not he was not sure if he would leave him hanging. Once she was finished why would she care if
the slave had an orgasm. She got faster and faster, he was so close and then he felt her shake as
her body begin it's orgasm. Then it happened he gushed into her, pushing his body up to meet
hers. They both had reached there climax! He screamed into his gag as he felt most powerful
orgasm he had ever had. Minutes passed as she lay on top of him unmoving. He could hear her
fast breathing.

Finally she pulled herself from his body and moved off the bed. "That was
incredible slave, I hope you don't plan to ever try leaving me, because I don't plan to ever give
you up."

He was in shock. His mind raced as he thought about what he had gotten himself into.
This was a dream come true, but did he want to spend the rest of his life a slave? He was not
sure. He weighed everything in his mind, he would have endless sex, he would have a woman to
look after his every need.

"Do not worry tonight my lovely slave, we will talk more in the
morning." He felt the gag being removed and her nipple pushed into it. "Suck for a while slave
then go to sleep. In the morning you will begin a new world you have never dreamed of. "

**Part 3**

As Mistress Amanda removed Strand to her van, Chris's Mistress begin his punishment.
He had just spend two grueling hours with over 300 clothspins all over his body. As Mistress
returned and started to remove them he was rewarded with grueling pain as she slowly removed
each one pulling and tugging on it until it came free.

"I hope you enjoyed yourself slave" she said,
"you are far from finished with me for showing our private place!"

He tried to move but the ropes
held him tight to the table. She placed a blindfold over his eyes so now he had no idea what
Mistress was doing. Then he felt it, she started at his feet tickling his heels, then toes then up his
legs. He thought he would die, she knew he was so ticklish. She continued up his body to his
sides, his stomach, then back down again. He laughed into the gag, tears forming in his eyes. She
continued to torture him tickling here and then there.

Then she stopped and took his shaft in her
hand she moved it up and down, up and down and he started to get hard, he moaned in pleasure
but as he got close to orgasm, she then stopped and started the tickling all over again. He laughed
until he did not think he could laugh any more, over and over she would stop, bring him close to
orgasm, then start the tickling all over again. This went on for over an hour.

Finally Mistress tired
of this torture and moved away from the table. He was breathing hard from all the torment. He
tried to relax and calm himself while he had the chance. He heard her return and felt something
push at his rear opening. It was cold and about an inch in diameter. She pushed hard and it slid
inside him. He moaned as he took the entire 10 inches. He knew it was a frozen ice stick, the
kind you get for your coolers. It had been frozen in the freezer and now was up inside him. He
moaned at the intrusion. He heard tape and felt duct tape sealing it into his bottom.

Next he felt
pin pricks on his stomach just above his shaft. Then he smelled smoke. She had placed ten
candles with needles pushed into their bottoms, into him and now had lit them so they would drip
onto his shaft. He heard more tape as his shaft was taped into place under the candles. More
pricks and his nipples now were getting melting wax.

"Hope you are enjoying yourself slave"
Mistress said, "I will be back in a bit, hope the candles don't burn all the way down and get you
burned" she laughed as she left the room.

The hot wax hit his shaft every few seconds, the
candles were white so the pain was more, white candles put out much more heat. He laid still
knowing if he moved around much he could knock a candle loose and burn himself, so he
waited.

About fifteen minutes later Mistress returned. "Looks like you are having fun slave, but
my candles are burning down, How about I remove them?" she asked.

He shook his head yes.

"Oh
really, well then what will you do for me?"

He moaned into the gag.

"How about a nice orgasm,
would you do that for me?"

He shook his yes as fast as he could, he could feel the fire as the
candles reached their base.

"Ok slave that sounds good"

He felt the first of the candles pulled out,
finally the last one was removed and he took a deep breath.

"Someday I must leave them and see
what happens?" Mistress says. "Oh well never the less it's time for me to have some pleasure"

He
feels the gag being removed and Mistress climbing over his face.

"Make this good Slave or I will
put them back and let them burn all the way down."

Her pussy pushed tight to his mouth and he
begin licking. She moaned and moved around on his face, moving with his licks. He sucked her
clit into his mouth and using his tongue pleasured her only the way he could. She moaned and
pushed herself harder into his face. He could not breath now so he sucked faster hoping she
would let up a little. She did and he sucked in a breath before she pushed down hard again. She
rode his face pushing and moving back and forth. Then she moaned and shock hard. Juices
flowed over his face as she had a huge orgasm. She sat on him for a few minutes as her breathing
slowed down then climbed off.

"Very nice slave, since you did such a nice job I will let you
spend the night in lesser pain then I had planned. You understand I must punish you, so you will
still be punished but not as hard as I had planned, you might even get some sleep" she laughed.

He felt the inflatable gag pushed into his mouth and she pumped it up ten pumps then the pump
removed. It filled his mouth but was not overly uncomfortable. He felt the rope being removed.
He waited and until he was free. "Move off the table and stand."

He did as he was told. He felt
her hand as she moved him around the dungeon. "Stand here."

He was pushed up to a pole.
"Don't move."

She took his arms and pulled them behind him. He felt handcuffs on his wrists
and his arms were sealed behind the pole. He heard duct tape and then felt it at his ankles. He
was glad he had veeted the hair from his body a couple days ago. The tape would hurt as it came
free. She wrapped his legs to the pole from his ankles up to just above the knees then back down.
He felt her touch his shaft. A glass plug was pushed inside him and more duct tape sealed it
inside.

A vibrator was taped to the underside of the shaft just below the head. He knew once
turned on he would get hard in minutes and would cum fast if she turned it to full. He heard tape
again and felt the wrap continue up his legs to his hips sealing them to the pole. The tape covered
his shaft sealing it to his body. His shaft was now plugged as well as his anal opening with the
ice plug, now both sealed in for the night. She continued up his body to just below his nipples.

"I
can't leave these unpunished she said."

He felt the bite of clips as she placed a cloths hanger on
his nipples. Then the tapping continued about and below the hanger and then over the clips to
hold them on. She finished at his neck with the tape, his body totally sealed to the pole. He felt a
pull on the hanger and then a tug on his nipples as she tied it off to wall.

"Now to finish you for
the night."

She moved close to him and kissed his gagged mouth. She sucked on the gag which
was tightly in his mouth.

"Lets give you a little reminder of what is to come tomorrow morning."

She slipped a pair of her used panties over his head making sure the crotch was over his gagged
mouth. Then she placed a leather hood over his head which had no eye or mouth openings. She
made sure his nose was clear. He felt ear plugs pushed into his ears and all sound was gone.  She
then sealed his head with duct tape to the pole. He was now unable to move anything. He felt his
nipple pulled tighter as she tightened the rope pulling the hanger. He then felt the vibrator start
on very low setting. He moaned as it brought his shaft to attention as it tried to get hard under the
layers of tape.

He knew it would be a very long night.
