---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Vermont Weekend
authors:
- M
tags:
- sbf
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-05 00:00:00
---

8 
8
Vermont Weekend Part
1 – The Trap
by M
Vermont
Weekend Part 1 – The Trap by M

I got out of my car, locking
and closing the door.  Standing in the warm July sunshine, I looked
around.  I was on an old farm in the Vermont hills, miles from civilization. 
I went and checked out the farmhouse but found the doors and windows all
locked. I walked back to my blue Accord and opened the trunk.  There
was nothing in there but, following my lover’s instructions, I tossed in
my keyring.  I looked down at the glittering keys lying in the middle
of the empty trunk and, hesitating for only a second, I closed the lid. 
I wasn’t going anywhere now.

I’m tall, a blond, and have
a trim, athletic figure from many years of tennis.  I don’t mind saying
I’m attractive and am very proud of my tight, nicely-shaped butt. 
My boobs aren’t the biggest but I haven’t heard any complaints from Dan,
my lover.  He’s the one to whom I lost the bet and who’s instructions
I was to follow the rest of the day.

I had driven up into the
hills to his parents’ old farm.  They were on vacation and their farmhouse
and little used barn were vacant.  Miles from civilization, I knew
I was totally alone.  My lover would be driving up later on today,
but until he got here, I was to follow his instructions to the letter. 
He knew I always paid off my bets and so here I was.

His instructions were for
me to wear minimal clothing that I wouldn’t mind having wrecked. 
Accordingly, I wore a cheap Wal-Mart halter-top, some hole-ridden cutoffs
I normally used for car washing, and a pair of  $2 flip-flops. 
Fortunately, the weather was quite comfortable and I didn’t need any more
clothes, which was a good thing since both the house and my car were no
longer available to me.  I stood in the yard for a couple of minutes,
enjoying the warm sun and cool breezes playing over my skin.  Then,
it was time to move on.

Following Dan’s instructions,
I walked over to the old barn.  It was your typical Vermont barn:
old, well-used, slightly falling-down looking.  Inside, it was cooler
and had an earthy barn smell I rather liked.  I padded past empty
stalls, my flip-flops slapping on the dirty wooden floorboards.  I
was to go into the tack room and, once there, open an envelope and follow
a new set of instructions.

The tack room was a windowless
converted stall with only a table for furnishings.  The walls, however,
were lined with all manner of leather and steel horse tack, some very old,
some much newer looking.  On the table were a purple envelope and
a large pair of scissors.  I opened the letter.

“Dearest lover,
I hope you followed my instructions
about your clothes, as I would now like you to remove them and cut them
into pieces.  I prefer you naked.  After you are done, open up
the box under the table.  There you will find some new items to wear
and what to do with them.  Obey, my love, obey…
Dan”

Now he had my interest. 
Once I followed his instructions, I would be naked for at least until he
got here which would be hours.  My nipples tingled with the thought
and I could feel the beginnings of wetness in my pussy.

Under the table I found the
box but before I could open it, I knew I would have to strip down. 
First I took off the flip-flops, standing barefoot on the gritty wooden
floor.  Using the scissors I cut the straps off, then I cut them into
little pieces.  The sole was harder to cut but I managed it. 
Now I would experience the world first through my bare feet.

Next came my top.  I
pulled it up and over my head freeing my breasts.  The air felt good
on my now-erect nipples and I gave them a quick massage to bring them fully
to life.  I stared at the white cloth in my hands, realizing how exposed
I
would be if I continued with this game.  Quickly, before I could change
my mind, I tore the light garment to shreds.

Finally I dropped my cutoffs,
stepping out of them and picking them up.  It felt so good, standing
there naked and knowing I soon would not be able to clothe myself even
if I had wanted to.  I picked up the scissors and efficiently, methodically
cut the shorts into useless bits of cloth.  With the last cut I put
the scissors down and, dropping to my knees, rubbed my hot clit to a satisfying
orgasm.

I took a minute or two to
recover, then stood up and opened the wooden box.  Inside was another
purple note and, under it, some leather items.  The leathers were
various restraint devices—a pair of ankle cuffs, a head harness with bright
red ballgag, a pair of bondage mittens, a black rubber butt plug with a
wire sticking out of it, and some KY lubricant.  My stomach fluttered
briefly with excitement as I realized these were for me to wear. 
Dan and I had done quite a bit of bondage recently and so I wasn’t too
surprised to find these items but, since he wasn’t here to put them on
me, how were they to be used?  The answer came in the purple note.

“Dearest naked love slave,
I have drawn a diagram of
how I want you to put on these restraints.  You are to do this in
the stall across the way.  Once secured, you will be able to look
down the road and see me drive up—and I will be able to see you. 
One thing: be sure to put the butt plug in before plugging the wire into
the black box.  No harm will come if you do it wrong, but it will
be more interesting for you to do it my way.  Do try to keep it in
as long as possible—letting it pop out will send you to the next stage
of this experience.
Dan”

The well-drawn diagram was
of a nude woman standing spread-eagle, her ankles chained to opposing walls,
her hands in bondage mittens and chained to the ceiling.  She wore
a head harness with ballgag (cutely colored red) and a wire snaked out
of her pert butt over to a black box.  My God, I thought, this is
going to be me!

I padded over to the stall
across the aisle and looked in.  It was somewhat cleaner than the
others were (Dan had apparently prepared it for me) but with a floor of
loose black earth.  Set in the wooden walls were steel rings on opposite
sides, a couple inches off the floor.  From each ring ran a chain
ending in a snaphook.  Hanging from the ceiling was a chain attached
to a three-foot wide wooden rod.  On the ends of the rod were steel
snaphooks.  Attached to one wall was indeed a black box with a jack
on the front.

Comparing the diagram to
the stall setup, I realized I would be putting myself into bondage for
my lover.  The thought was almost too much to handle and I nearly
gave myself another orgasm.  Instead, I decided to hold out and follow
his instructions.  I promised him a love slave and he was going to
get one—trussed up and ready for his stiff cock.

Back in the tack room, I
took the toys out of the box and laid them out on the table. They were
all new and well made.  They all attached with lockable buckles but
there were no locks in the box.  If I followed the diagram, though,
I would not be able to free myself anyway with my hands in leather bags
separated by a three foot spreader bar.  The head harness was particularly
pretty with its bright red rubber ball and shiny steel buckles.  It
looked about the right size for my mouth.

I examined the black butt
plug.  It was of a size I knew I could handle, perhaps a little wider,
but the wire coming out of it was different, almost like a computer cable
rather than a power cord for a vibrator.  I spaced out a little dreaming
what it would be like easing that baby up my backside.

I picked up the ankle cuffs
and, kneeling down, attached them snugly to my legs.  The leather
was soft and comfortable.  I tugged on the steel D-ring and knew they
would be quite strong enough.  I walked over to the stall with the
other items.  Stepping into the cool black dirt, I felt the primal
sensations of bare foot and Mother Earth.  I placed my restraints
on a convenient nearby shelf.

I picked up the head harness
and carefully fitted the ballgag into my mouth.  It was just the right
size to keep me quiet, but not so big as to cause my jaws to hurt. 
I buckled the neckstrap snugly in place, my lips caressing the red rubber. 
Next came the headstrap, up the sides of my face to the ring on my forehead
and over my head to the buckle on the neckstrap.  I wished I had had
a mirror to see how I looked, the black leather contrasting nicely with
my long blond hair.  Finally I buckled the chin strap in place, locking
my jaw around the ball filling my mouth.  I went around to all three
buckles one more time, adjusting them to just the right tension to keep
me silent but comfortable.

I tried to talk but only
grunts came out – I imagined myself becoming a farm animal tethered in
its stall.  I started to fantasize about my lover finding me there
and what he would do to me.  It took an effort on my part to continue.

Since I wasn’t ready to commit
myself to my bondage yet, I put off inserting the butt plug.  
Instead, I attached one of the ankle chains to my left foot.  To get
the other chain to reach my right foot I had to spread my legs about two
feet apart.  I pulled the other chain over and attached the snaphook
to the leather cuff on my ankle.  I tested this setup by trying to
close my legs – it was impossible.

Now came the mittens. 
These were leather bags with a strap and buckle around the open end and
steel D-ring attached to the closed end.  I put my left hand into
one of them and secured the strap around my wrist.  The bag leather
restricted my fingers somewhat but by pressing hard enough, I could still
use them to put the other mitten on my right hand.  I worried a little
about being able to get them off, but a little experimenting on my part
showed me I could do it.  However, once the mittens were attached
to the wooden pole overhead and held several feet apart, there was no way
I could free myself.

Now I stood in the cool,
farm-smelling stall, my legs spread and locked open, my mouth filled, and
my hands ready for permanent restraint.  I lifted my leather bound
hands up to the upturned snaphooks on the overhead bar.  Gently, I
rested the D-rings on the spring-loaded metal tongue.  With the merest
of motions, I could now lean forward and seal my fate to be Dan’s imprisoned
slave.  I would be unable to move from this position or call for help
(not that there was anyone to hear) until he arrived.  And then I
would be at his mercy for as long as he wanted.  Also, I would never
find out what the “next level” was.
However, at this point I
was still free.  With a little effort I could remove all my restraints
and walk away a free (if nude) woman.  I decided to do just that. 
I took off all the leather and put them on the shelf.  Dan was still
a couple of hours away and I decided to enjoy my freedom a little longer.

I walked around the farm
a bit, stark naked on a beautiful sunny day.  I explored a field of
flowers behind the house and lay down in a sun-dappled patch to work on
my tan.  The grass felt good under my ass, the breeze tickling my
shaved pussy.  I let my fingers trace lines on my breasts and wander
down to my snatch.  Just as things began to get interesting, I remembered
why I had come here.  I stood up and headed back to the barn.

Back in the stall, I quickly
put the ankle cuffs and head harness back on.  The ballgag tasted
of wet rubber.  Now it was time to put in the butt plug.  Dan
had thoughtfully included some exam gloves.  I put one on my right
hand and squeezed a liberal dollop of KY onto the fingers.  I squatted
in the cool dirt and proceeded to lube up my tight butthole.  I worked
the cool jelly into my anus and rectum as far as my finger would go. 
The sensations were very pleasurable and I could feel my pussy getting
hotter and wetter by the moment.

I used another handful of
lubricant on the plug itself and pressed it’s cool tip to my anus. 
I slid it in and out repeatedly, a little deeper each time, until with
a tiny twinge and a grunt on my part it popped in.  I tugged on it
to check it’s fit – it was in but the neck was wider than I was used to. 
I would have to grip it with my ass muscles to keep it in for any great
length of time. 
At this point, I made a
little change in my surroundings:  I opened the outside stall door. 
Now Dan (and anyone else coming up the driveway) would get a full view
of my predicament.  In for a penny…

Now I took the wire from
the butt plug and snapped it into the jack on the black box.  There
was a quiet click from the box but nothing else happened.  Maybe it
was some new kind of vibrator or on a timer, I thought, attempting a little
smile behind the ballgag.

Aware of the cord trailing
out my butt, I maneuvered over to the center of the stall and once again
attached the chains to the ankle cuffs.  The plug moved around in
my ass a bit and I had to clench those muscles to draw it back in. 
Damn that felt good.  I let my hands make one last pass over my tits,
teasing my nipples into hard little nodes of pleasure.  I let my finger
dip into my wet pussy, brushing my clit, and causing me to shiver in anticipation. 
Then I put the leather mittens on, struggling briefly to get their straps
secure.

The moment of truth was almost
here.  Once again, I placed the shiny D-rings onto the hasp of the
snaplocks.  Now I was only about an eighth of an inch away from total
bondage, a bondage I had put myself in for my lover.  I would be completely
trapped and unable to move or speak until Dan arrived to free me. 
Even then, he would probably decide to use me like this for awhile before
releasing me.

What would he do to me? 
Of course, my shaved pussy would be a prime target for that thick cock
of his.  I could almost feel him pressing it against my lower lips,
staring into my eyes as he thrust himself into me.  Then again, the
tack room had a bunch of bridles and leather straps; maybe he would put
me even deeper into strict bondage. There were even some small whips in
there – would he think of whipping my ass?  I had left the KY out;
maybe he would whip me then fuck me in the ass?  And what about that
butt plug?  What did he mean if it fell out, I would go to the “next
stage”?

Click.  Click. 
Shit.

While fantasizing, I had
lost track of my arms, letting them relax and allowing the D-rings on the
ends of the mittens to slip into the snaphooks.  I was trapped. 
I pulled at the restraints trying to free my hands but it was useless –
the strong leather and steel chain held tightly.  I pulled on each
ankle, but they, too, were securely fastened to the walls.  I had
stepped into my lover’s trap and was now indeed his naked love slave.

There was little for me to
do in this position other than concentrate on my limited range of motion.
A thin rope of drool oozed from the ballgag onto my breasts – there would
be a lot more of that before the day was done.  I could move my feet
slightly, feeling the cool dirt between my bare toes.  I could look
down the long driveway and follow it’s curve into the distant woods, praying
for my lover’s car to appear so that I could be soon freed.  I could
feel the occasional breeze waft through the barn, cooling the heat between
my thighs.

But mostly I struggled to
keep that damned butt plug in my ass.  I had used a lot of lubricant
and that, combined with my spread-eagle position, made it easy for the
intruder to try and sneak out.  I was pretty sure I didn’t want that
to happen until the last minute – I didn’t need another surprise. 
So the fat rubber bastard would start easing out and I would have to clench
my anus and butt muscles to pull it back in, effectively fucking myself
in the ass.  It was a very stimulating mix of sex, body control, and
humiliation.  It was fiendish but it made the time go by quicker.

I don’t know how much time
had gone by.  My ass was tired from the constant struggle with the
anal intruder; my mouth was aching a bit from the ballgag; my arms were
tired from their upright position and my tits were covered in drool and
dirt from the breeze.  I was imagining what I would look like to someone
looking in the stall door – naked, covered in drool and dirt, restrained
hand and foot, and with a wire coming out of my ass.   I looked
outside and there was a dustcloud above the trees near the driveway! 
Dan was here to free me!

A wave of relief washed over
me, knowing I was safe again, but that feeling quickly changed when the
vehicle that appeared wasn’t Dan’s Volvo, but a dusty green Ford pickup
with a tarp covered box in the bed!

The emotional change was
so sudden, the realization that I was to be discovered by a stranger so
shocking, I lost control of my bladder and let loose a stream of pee into
the dirt.  As if to complete my humiliation, the butt plug pushed
halfway out.  I fought desperately to pull it back in but my muscles
were tired and weak.  For every quarter inch I pulled it in, it slid
out an inch.  As the truck moved out of my sight through the opening
of the doorway, I lost the battle and the demon butt plug squeezed through
my anus and dropped onto the floor.  There was an audible click behind
me and the sound of running water.  I twisted my head to look over
my shoulder and saw a steady flood of water pouring out of the black box
onto the dirt floor!

By the volume of water coming
out, I judged that it would be only a matter of minutes before the floor
of the stall was a muddy mess and, indeed, only seconds later I felt the
first cool tendril of water touch my foot.  Soon I found myself standing
in ankle deep black mud.  It felt very cool and sensual as the mud
oozed voluptuously between my bare toes.  Still, I knew that soon
some stranger would find me like this and I didn’t know what would happen. 
However, I quickly discovered I had another problem that made me forget
about the green truck.

As the water filled the stall,
turning the soft dirt to mud, I found myself sinking into this mire. 
As I sank, my legs, which were attached to the walls, were being pulled
apart while my arms were being pulled up to the ceiling.  In minutes
I went from a comfortable standing bondage to an increasingly tight spreadeagle. 
Any movement by my feet caused them to sink further and spread me open
farther.  There was nothing I could do – I prayed for Dan, for anyone,
to rescue me.

It was at this point that
the lights went out.  Or more accurately, that the world went black
as someone threw a hood over my head.  I grunted helplessly through
my gag.  I could sense my captor moving around me and I thought it
was a male but I couldn’t be sure.  He unhooked my ankles and helped
me to stand up in the cool mud.  I heard a metallic ratcheting sound
and the tension on my arms began to ease as he lowered them still attached
to the spreader bar. Now I felt him pushing on the back of my legs, forcing
me gently to kneel in the goop.  I obeyed (what else could I do?)
and was rewarded by having my mittens released from the bar, pulled behind
my back, and locked together to my ankles.  So now I was naked, hog-tied
kneeling in black muck, ballgagged and hooded while an unknown captor decided
what to do with me.

I hung my head in helpless
submission to this master.  Never having said a word, he responded
by releasing me from the head harness, gently pulling the drool-covered
ball out of my mouth.  I knew better than to talk.  He lifted
the hood to expose my mouth and I opened it wide, knowing full well what
was required of me.  I got my wish when he eased a large erect cock
into my wet mouth.  I don’t know how long he fucked my mouth but,
after a while, I used my tongue and lips to get him to come quickly. 
That he did and as the last drop of his salty come jetted down my eager
throat, he pulled the hood off my head.

“Think you’ll bet against
me again?” asked Dan, looking down at me.  He was dressed in jeans,
workshirt, and rubber boots.  Naked, mud-covered, and hogtied, I looked
up at him as his cock slid from my parted lips.
“Yes, Master, anytime.” 
I said, staring into his eyes.
