---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/psychotic_pleasure.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Psychotic Pleasure
authors:
- Pascal Sage
tags:
- F/m
- F/f
- straitjacket
- institution
- cell
- tease
- nurse
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2010-04-16 00:00:00
---

Rose walked out of the white metal door with the words "Caution! Violent patient ward" marked red on them. She took several steps forward, then leaned upon the white concrete walls and looked downward on the marble floor. She felt her face blush slightly red as a soft smile slowly emerged from her bubblegum pink lips. A happy little sigh escaped her mouth as she place her nurse cap upon her dirty blond hair that cascaded down past her shoulders. Her cloud white uniform that she wore hugged around her natural curvy body and the skirt reached down to barely her thigh, covering her behind of course. Her legs were uncovered however and were exposed down to her black high heels. After checking her attire she walked off, feeling high spirited in a bad and mischievous way as she went down the hallway of the mental institution. As a working nurse in the nut house, things tend to be a bit crazy from time to time. Fortunately, Rose is able to keep her stress to a minimum and still smile at the end of the day. She then looked up at a nearby clock that was attached to the ceiling of the hallway. It showed 6:15. Yes! She gets off in about 45 minutes. Her life was feeling a bit brighter now as she kept on walking.

"And just what were we doing this time?" said a female voice that stopped her in her traps at the first hallway interception.

She turned her head to catch a glimpse of a fiery red haired woman about her height. Her attire consisted of the same uniform as her. However, her brown loafers were the only differences between the two. She looked at Rose, her brown eyes locking in with Rose's emerald green ones. She gave her a concerned yet annoyed look. Rose just countered with a sweet innocent smile, coupled with a soft giggle.

"Michelle, what are you talking about?" she said sweetly.

"You know what I mean, Rose." she said back. Her arms were folded under her breast. "Why were you just at the violent patient ward?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Rose, quit repeating yourself. I know you went there again." Rose sighed happily before she spoke again.

"Alright Michelle. You caught me red handed. So what? I was checking up on the patients. That’s all." Michelle kept her gaze fix on her, accusing her still of some kind of crime. Rose still smiled still acting innocent.

"Why are you so mad? I just said I was checking up on them." she defended.

"Yes I know. It’s that when you say 'checking on them' it usually mean get them sexually aroused." Michelle replied.

Rose blushed by the accusation. She was absolutely right. Ever since she got this job working at a mental hospital, she seemed to develop some kind of fetish for mentally insane people. She never knew why, but it seemed to really get to her. And for the past 2 weeks of starting working, she'll have those times when transporting or binding patients where she would "accidently" feel a private area or "accidently" plant her lip upon the patient. The only person who seems to catch her all the time was her co worker Michelle. And even though her sometimes she would get a bit annoying with her nagging about this, she was glad it wasn't her boss telling her this.

"Okay. So I happen to check up on ONE particular guy." Rose said.

"Rose!" Michelle said demanding the truth. Rose rolled her eyes.

"Okay maybe I checked out how well he kissed for a little-"

"Rose what is wrong with you?! For all you know, they could be sex addicts or rapist. We’re trying to help them get their marbles back in their head." Michelle spoke cutting off Rose.

"I’m sorry. It was just for a few minutes. I can't help it."

"What do you mean you can't help it?" Michelle said, a little irritated.

Rose opened her mouth slightly to answer, but then thought for a moment as the memory of her little "check up" entered her head.

The patient was a young man, roughly around 22. Maybe even younger. And had short dark brown hair. Even in her mind, she though he looked sexy, although his body was completely strapped and bound by the thousands of white straps of his straitjacket. A black muzzle was strapped on to the lower part of his face, sealing his mouth shut. However, due to a little make out exam, that gag was sort of loosened a little. She needed some way to get to his lips. Sadly though, she left him with such a stiffy. Poor guy. Maybe she shouldn't have massaged where the crotch strap was at. She smiled her then gave an answer. "I don't know really. I think I just love crazies." she giggled.

Michelle just let out an annoyed sigh. "Don’t tell me that's why you wanted a job here." she said.

"Oh, no. it's been a dream to work in a health facility. Honest."

"Well that's great, Rose. But could you please keep your fetish on a lease? A lot of these patients are really dangerous. I don't want-"

"Michelle, you're always saying that." Rose interrupted. "I’ll be fine. As long they're tied up I'm okay right?"

"Rose..." Michelle trailed off for a while. "This isn't right. You can't keep on doing this."

"I’m still okay."

"No I meant the patients. It’s wrong to get them so roused up like that." though Michelle did brought up a point. She was being such a flirt to them. And it was kind of mean what she was doing. Although she couldn't help but attend to the man was moaning so sweetly to her under his gag. It’s like her mating call.

Rose looked at Michelle again. This time being honest to herself. "Okay. Maybe I'm going a bit too far with this." she said.

"You think? Just be lucky I'm your friend." boy was that true. There was no telling what her boss would do to her. Michelle still held her pose, still waiting for Rose's answer.

"I get it Michelle. I won't do it anymore. I just...I just...I don't know."

"Just promise me don't do it again. Okay?"

Rose gave out a long sigh before answering. Then she smiled. "Okay. I promise."

"Thank you. At least I got something off my chest for tonight." Michelle said in relief as she walked down the hall ways.

Rose followed her when all the sudden, she remembered something. "Oh that's right. You’re on a date with Anita tonight." she said.

It was a fact that Michelle was openly gay. Rose knew her well these past several years. Actually, she was the first person she opened up to before anyone else. Rose remembered that like it was yesterday. It was also the day she confessed that she was in love with her. She had never seen Michelle cry so much after that day. She likes Michelle only as a friend but she was straight and nothing could change that. But it was nothing to worry about. Michelle was happy now ever sense she found Anita. They met up around a year ago. And after hanging out for a while, they started going steady just about a month ago. Michelle smiled but blushed a little. "Yeah. We’re going to hang out at the mall and probably catch a movie later on." Michelle explained.

"Well, I'm happy for you Michelle." Rose said.

"Thanks rose. You know, if you come with us if you want. Maybe you can find an actual 'sane' date."

Rose laughed at her joke but she shook her head. "No thanks. I don't want to be the third wheel, you know. It’s not really fun."

"Ah I see."

Date wise, Rose was having some bad luck on. It wasn't that she wasn't beautiful. She had nice and firm breast, and a ravishing curvy figure and sweet voice. It’s just that she's been having some BAD dates. For a while she's been experiencing dates that just plain pissed her off. Just once, she'd wish some knight in shining armor could come and wisp her away from all that. But alas, nothing yet. Rose and Michelle kept on their conversation when suddenly Michelle's phone went off. "Oh, excuse me." Michelle said in happy tone, as if she was expecting this call.

She reached in her pocket for her phone and answered her call. "hey sweetie...yes, I'm about to get off...mmm-hmm..." she giggled for a few second. " okay, I'll be out in a minute. I'm just talking to Rose for a bit, Kay?.... aww, I love you too." she ended and hung up.

Rose smiled at her. "Sounds like you got some 'special' plans for this evening, huh Michelle?"

Michelle caught on to Rose's dirty mind. "It’s not like that. We’re not going to have sex tonight... yet that is." she teased.

Rose just laughed. "Well, I'd best be going. See you tomorrow Rose."

"Yeah, same with you." Michelle started to walk down the hallway when suddenly she stopped. "You sure you don't want to come with us. It’s better than staying at your house doing nothing."

"I’ll be fine Rose. I don't want to ruin your guy's date anyways. Just tell Anita I said for me, okay?"

Michelle smiled "okay. good night." and with that she waved good bye, walking down the hall.

Its times like this that Rose wondered about something. She knew that she was straight for sure. She could never see herself becoming homosexual. But she wonders if Michelle still had feelings for her. It’s been on her mind for quite a while but it never occurred to her to ask her straight up. But she dismissed the question everything time it popped up in her mind. She had Anita now and she was happy. That’s all that matters now. There’s no need to get paranoid about other possibilities, she then went back to what she was SUPPOSE to be doing, which was filing forms instead of making out with the insane.

Finally, 7 O'clock hit and she was finally able to go home. Thank god. She had a bottle of wine and a hot bath with her name on it. After changing out of her nurse uniform and into her original attire which was a pink tank top with tight blue jeans, she walk out of the mental institution and moved into her old Transam that was waiting for her in the parking lot. She hopped in and started her car, trying to get out of here as fast as she could possibly can and go home. Once she made it to her house, she plopped down on the chair after grabbing a bottle of wine, a glass and clicking on the TV. She liked her job, but it can get tiring sometimes... well when she's like checking up on the patients that is. That was the best part of her job. The violent patient ward was her favorite duty to do. Her boss would probably kill her if he ever found out she was sexually arousing the patients. She dismissed the thought of it. She was very confident that she wouldn't get caught.

But what really got her attention was why she really loved them. It couldn't be that they were crazy. Some were psycho killers. There’s no way it can be a turn on. Although, she was into bondage a little. Maybe it's the way that they're so helpless and she can do whatever she pleases. Although, she would like it the other way around. She smiled at the thought of it, her all tied up in a straitjacket. Helpless and being treated. Like that would ever happen. She was pretty sure the last time she checked she was perfectly sane. She sipped a little of her wine as she started to feel the curse of boredom. She sighed. "I wonder how Anita and Michelle are doing?" she thought to herself. They were a good couple. But Michelle couldn't help but be jealous. They have each other. And Rose had no one. Not even anyone to have sex with. She was all alone. She sighed once again. And decided to call it a night after several hours of watching chick flicks. She really needed a boyfriend. She was definitely tired of being alone all the time. But once again, it's another night being single.

The next day, Rose drove back to the institution once again to work. She thought long and hard this time and decided that it was time for her to stop doing anything sexual to the patients for their sake and for the sake of her own job as well. She really didn't want to get fired for this. That would be embarrassing. But even though she kept on telling herself this, the task of keeping her promise became rapidly difficult she then walked past several Males both restrained to the fullest. The urge to be with them became nearly unbearable and it was a good thing they were several other doctors and not her. There’s no telling what she would try to do with them. But she kept on walking away, trying as best as she can not to stalk them all the way to the ward.

Minutes later, after putting on her usual nurse uniform, she walked down the hallway to usual routine. Michelle had this shift as well and was hoping to find her at least once before lunch break. After a while of searching, she found her in the middle of a hall. She had just come out of a room, with all of her nurse attire on. However, she seemed troubled. Her hands were fidgeting with her clothes. This couldn't be good. "Hey Michelle." Rose called out to her which seemed to startle her slightly. Now Rose was getting very concerned. She walked up to her, hiding the fact that she was worried about what might have happened. "What’s up? How did the date go with Anita?"

"Oh uh...it...it went okay." Michelle said forcing herself to hide her trouble state. Michelle couldn't conceal her feelings no longer.

"Alright. Quit playing charades, Michelle. What happened last night?"

"Nothing. We had a date."

"Oh really. What happened? Tell me. You wouldn't be so jittery if nothing happened."

"It’s not that, Rose. Really." Michelle replied uneasy. She began to bite her lip slightly.

"Did Anita break up with you?"

"NO, it's not that."

"Then tell me. What’s going on?" Anita went Silent for a moment, surveying the area before talking. Then she signaled Rose to casually walk with her.

"Rose... I think he knows what you've been doing." Michelle said.

Rose's stomach instantly did back flips as she started to panic from inside. "You... you can't be serious." Rose said forcing herself to disbelieve.

Michelle shook her head sadly. "I was talking to the director of the institution. I think he's on to what you've been doing in the ward. And it sounds serious too."

The more Michelle explained the situation, the worse Rose felt. This couldn't be happening. It just can't. "Rose I warned you about this. I warned you so many times."

"How did he find out?"

"Well he was looking through the reports and find out that some of the patients began to get 'desperate' to feel pleasure. One male patient began to struggle fiercely in his restraints just to relieve himself. And he kept on going for hours to the point that he was hurting himself."

Goosebumps flared up around Rose's body as fear started to be pressed on to her. She was going to lose her job. Or even worse, be sued for sexually harassing patients.

"Michelle, Please. You have to help me! I can't lose this job. Please!" Rose begged letting her panicked state out a little.

"Calm down. I'll see what I can do. But for god sake, No going into the patient wards! Learn some self restraint for once." Michelle replied.

Rose nodded without hesitation, rubbing her eyes from the pre tears that were about to come out. "I just... don't want to get fired... I like this job... but I can't help... you know." Rose said starting to feel sorry for herself.

"Just calm down Rose." Michelle said trying to comfort her. "I’ll see what I can do... just act calm. I need to talk to the director anyways around 3 O'clock to discuss something. Kay?"

Rose nodded again and Michelle then walked away.

Rose was still panicking inside. She was just this close to losing her job and her life career. To think that her new found fetish would be her demise. This was all just a bad dream. A really bad nightmare that she can just wake up anytime. At least that's what she told herself. But sadly this was reality. The only thing she can pray on now is that she can somehow luck out on it. Hopefully that can happen. She kept on with her normal routines and tasks, making sure she stays clear from the violent patient ward. In fact, she's been so paranoid that she kept herself away from any patients period. She was doing everything humanly possible to make sure she kept her job. And to do that, she had to keep that libido of hers in check.

Around 1 O'clock, Rose had made it finally to lunch without dealing with the patients. She sat down all by herself eating. It was odd though. Usually Michelle would be in her lunch break by now. She wondered what was going on with her. Hopefully she can find out more if she was going to get fired or even worse sued. She really hoped it didn't come down to those too. Anything that would provoke her fetish, she stayed away from. She sighed, stressed out on the situation as she pulled out a lunch box of a prepared lunch she made. At least she'll be able to eat in peace.

"Rose?" a familiar voice called to her which startled her when she was picking up the cold cut sandwich she made. She looked after identifying the voice. It was Michelle again. "Geez Michelle. You scared me half to death." Rose complained.

"Sorry. I just needed to tell you something really quick."

Rose gave her an odd look. "You’re not going to eat?"

"I can't they need me at the therapy wing. But can you meet me at the violent patient ward around 2:20?" Rose was hesitant to speak for a second. "I’m sorry. I'm really trying to stay as far as possible from that ward."

"I know Rose. But it's important."

"Can't you tell me here? And why at the violent patient ward?"

"I... really can't explain right now. Anyways, I have to go. I'll talk to you later." she ended as she walked away.

This was just great. What could Michelle possibly want to tell her at the violent patient ward, Rose thought. Is it really that important? She started to feel a bit fearful at the idea. All this time she's been evading that ward. Now she has to go there. Why? What could it be? In any case, her lunch was now ruined by the very request from her friend. Her appetite then started to fade slowly as she began to eat her sandwich. But that's about all she could make herself eat.

2:19 then came around and Rose was now staring at the red lettered white doors of the ward. The place where she would usually satisfy her odd secret addiction at. Either way, she kept on telling herself, "keep calm, keep calm" she then slowly took a deep breath as she pushed opened the doors to let herself in. The ward itself. Was a series of hallways, All lined up with locked door which lead to one of the thousands of padded cells here. So far so good. She walked a little into the hallway in front of her. Hoping that Michelle would be around. In general, the hallways were quiet. Perhaps they drugged the majority of people here. But suddenly, Rose heard a faint voice. A muffled voice as if the person was gagged. Rose could tell what the voice was instantly. It was calling her curiosity to investigate it. Giving up to her inner feelings, she went to the door to her left, opening up a window that revealed who was inside the padded cell.

With in the cell was another man. This time it was more around her age. His hair was a dark brown, short, messy, and unkept. He also has a muscular build that went along with his creamy white skin. His neck all the way down to his waist was restrained and strapped up by a red collared, white straitjacket. It wasn't a standard one though. Michelle could tell he was a very violent patient in deed. His arms were folded and plastered on to the front of his body by several straps. One was looping around his arms, binding them together as they were strapped into a position which made him look as if he was giving himself a hug. Another strap was on the upper part of his body, keeping the upper part of his arms at the side of his body. Rose watching as he forced out "mmmph!" out of his brown panel gag, which not only concealed his mouth and the lower part of his face, but successfully welded his jaw completely shut, keeping him from vocalizing any English word at all. Belts were hugging all over his head. On top, from behind, and even under his chin. He struggled violently, testing his strength to the limit as he kept on stubbornly trying break free from his restraints. But no avail. Rose caught several glimpse of his back, which were deprived of a spider web of white belts, one going between his legs and at his groin area.

This act was calling her to come inside. Calling her to give him pleasure. But she couldn't. She kept her self away from such thoughts. To tease him. To caress the gag on his mouth with her lips. To massage his bulge with her soft fingers. She was forcing herself to keep it together. But she wasn't budging away from the window. Suddenly, he caught sight of her staring at his bound form. And that glance soon became a glare. He attempted to speak to her, yelling out more "mmph!" but in Rose's corrupting mind it translated as "tease me, use Me." she could feel her hand involuntarily reaching for the door. Almost there... now just to turn the handle and-

"Ah, I'm sorry for being late, Rose." Michelle's voice snapped Rose out of it, causing her to jump. She started to hesitate for words, ashamed of Michelle finding out what she was doing.

"I-I-It's okay." Rose managed to say afterwards.

Michelle then looked at Rose confused for a second. "Is something wrong, Rose?" she asked worried.

"Oh um...nothing really." Rose said uneasy. Quickly closing the panel window on the door. Michelle kept her look on her. Then Rose gave up. "I don't feel okay talking here really." she finally came out.

"I know how you are feeling right now Rose but I really need to talk to here."

"Why? Why here?"

"It’s... really hard to explain why right now." Rose thought for a moment. She doubt Michelle would be up to something bad. She had known her for years. And on top of that she wouldn't do anything against the institution rules. She finally came to her conclusion. "Okay." Rose said smiling uneasily.

"Okay, here let's talk over here." Michelle said walking down the hallway and opening up one of the empty padded cells. She then walks in. Rose starts to become confuse to but follows her inside.

The cells here in the institution were fairly big. And everywhere from the back of the door and the floor to every inch of the wall was lined with white padding. Rose felt herself bounce a little with each step on the flooring of the cell. "This is where you want to talk about?" Rose said unsure.

"Yes." Michelle replied still uneasy.

"Okay, now what's going on Michelle?" she said wondering what's really up.

"It’s about the director's orders with you."

Instantly fear struck Rose hard as she kept quiet. It had to deal with the director. Part of her just wanted to go home and forget this ever happen. But she stayed.

"Okay, I need to go for a second. Can you change out of your uniform while you wait?"

Rose hesitated to answer again. "Okay." she finally said. Michelle then left, leaving Rose to take off her white nurse attire, leaving her with her scarlet red tank top and short shorts. Thank god she decided to keep those on under her uniform. Michelle made sure the door was somewhat shut when she was changing. She couldn't have them shut completely. Once you shut the door. The only way to open them was from the outside. It was to prevent patients from bashing through the door and escaping.

A few minutes later Michelle came back with a clip board and a white canvas like packet in her hand. Rose anxiety rose up completely as he arrived. What was going to happen? Was she going to get fired? Jail time? The suspense was killing her. "Okay, I got some good news and some bad news." Michelle started out.

"Just give me the bad news. Am I fired or not?" Rose said at the point of being defeated.

Michelle took a breath then said the verdict. "He found out." well that was obvious "but the good news is, you won't be fired."

Rose blinked at the news. "I’m not? Seriously?" she said, her confidence rising with every word. She sighed in relief. "Thank god. At first I thought I was going to go to jail."

"You just need to go through one thing."

"And that is?" Rose said feeling okay with herself. What was is, docked pay, cleaning duty. Anything is better than getting fired.

Michelle hesitated to speak. "You’re going to be involuntarily committed for several days."

Rose's heart dropped. Did she just say committed? For several days? "What do you mean committed? I'm not crazy."

"It's the director's rules. You’re going to be involuntarily committed as a violent patient for several days or until further notice. I don't even know why either. But it's the director's orders."

Rose thought for a moment as Michelle explained more. "However, I'm in charge of you. So no one else will come to see you but me." she said hoping to bring a little joy to Rose. She just sighed. Once again defeated.

"Okay. I guess a couple of days will be worth my job." she said but then notices that Michelle has dropped her clip board and picked up the canvas package, unbuckling it. As soon as it was unfolded Rose could tell what it was... A canvas straitjacket.

"What’s that for?" Rose said a little worried.

"You’re classed as a violent patient, Rose. Sorry, rules are you have to be restrained." she had to be kidding, Rose thought. But still she kept her self submissive to the moment.

"Alright. Let’s get this over with." she said defeated once more and held out her arms as Michelle opened up the white straitjacket and fed her arms in each sleeve. First the left one and then the other one. Each sleeve was sewed shut at the ends where a white belt was sewed at the end of it. Rose stretched out her fingers, testing the sleeve only to find out that she can hardly move any of them. Michelle then proceeded in pulling the jacket all the way on her as she let the belts on the opening dangle in the back. She begins to buckle each one, going down each one from the bottom to the top. Each strap started to add tightness to the straitjacket and began to meld with Rose's curvy body. Michelle kept on going with each belt, adding more restrictiveness to the situation.

"How many belts are there?" Rose asked. Michelle stopped to count for a moment.

"Well it looks like about 9 belts. I'm only on number 5 though". She said. Rose was surprised. That’s a lot of belts.

After each belt was tightened, the jacket was now molded on to Rose body. She looked at her new form seeing that her breast were still very visible and her curves as well. Suddenly she saw Michelle's hand go under between her legs, reach for a particular belt that hanged out in the front. She grabbed it. Then tugged hard as she sharply pulled upward to her crotch. The move was unexpected and made Rose blush deeply, mainly because she was surprisingly aroused by the belt being strapped between her legs. She tugged hard to tighten it, splitting her butt cheeks apart and rubbing against her sweet spot. Then she buckled it. Rose kept it together, hoping that Michelle didn't see her.

"Okay now feed you arms in to the loop in front of you." Michelle instructed.

"The loop?" Rose asked as she then spotted a belt loop that was sewn right under her breast. Slowly she looped her arms inside. And instantly, Michelle grabbed the belts attached to the sleeves and pulled them tightly, feeding through a smaller loop at each side of the jacket. Pulling as hard as she can to prevent slack, she tugged on the belts on her sleeves, forcing herself to go to the "hug yourself" position. Then she tightened the belts as tightly as possible to keep her from escaping. Another belt attached between her breast and the loop was also in front and rose took both ends of the belt, wrapping around Rose's upper body. Then she buckled and tightened the belt, completing the seal in her straitjacket.

"Okay, I'm done." Michelle said as Rose turned around, instantly trying her restraints. To her surprise, her arms were completely immobile. They couldn't move an inch. She jerked to the left and right. But each movement, just made her jerk her whole body. She tried pulling them up. But that was just worse. Doing some caused the crotch strap of her straitjacket to rub up against her, causing an unwanted sexual feeling.

"I...can't move my arms." she grunted as she kept on trying. "Is this really necessary?" Rose asked.

"Unfortunately yes." Michelle said truthfully. "But you know, Rose. You do look pretty cute in that straitjacket." Michelle said with a giggle.

Rose stuck her tongue out at her. "Oh really? Am I making a fashion statement?" she said with a hint of sarcasm.

"It’s only for a few days Rose. Don’t worry. And I’ll be the only person to check on you, understand? So no one will take advantage of you."

"Well that's a plus." she spoke still defeated.

Michelle tried to keep her hopes up by giving her a smile. But sadly it wasn't working. Then she remembered something. "Oh, there's one last thing I have to do." Michelle said.

"What’s that MMMGH!" Rose said but was interrupted by Michelle placing something black over her mouth. Rose could also feel a sphere like object inside her mouth causing her tongue to be pressed down. The black panel was placed over her mouth as Rose started to tighten straps behind her back, under her chin and over her head. She tried to speak but the object prevented her mouth to move any bit.

"I’m sorry Rose. Rules are rules. Violent patients are to be gagged."

" MMMPH!" she mewled feeling as if Michelle had betrayed her.

"I know, I don't want to do this either. But it's the director's rule. I'm sorry." Michelle said in an apologetic voice.

Oh great. I'm bound, I'm gagged. What’s next? Ankle cuffs, Rose thought. Michelle tested the tightness of the Muzzle on Rose's face.

"Well’s firmly on."

"Mmm...mmmMMGH!"

"I’m really sorry Rose." Michelle was starting to feel guilty of her actions. "Listen, I'll be back in a few hours okay? I'll at least be able to take off the gag then."

Rose looked at Michelle for a second. Then agreed, shaking her head. Michelle sighed in relief, hugging Rose.

"I’ll be back, I promise. Take care Rose." she spoke as she walked away and closed the door behind her, sealing Rose into a cube of padded walls.

She was now known as one of the crazies.
