---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/janet3.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Janet's latex selfbondage3
authors:
- Rawn
tags:
- Sbf
- latex
- susp
---

**Day 3**

Waking was a challenge for the imprisoned girl; she fought the sleep
from her head.  Hot and sweaty again the tiny blonde struggled to
free her self.  She knew she would have to take a break now from being
entirely covered in latex.  The heat build up inside the suits made
moving her arms difficult and she found it none to easy releasing herself
again from imprisonment.  Hooking a finger in the ring on the inside
of the straight jacket Janet worked it down.  Once freed from her
latex and leather cocoon she answered the call of nature and then showered.

After cleaning herself, her blonde hair hanging down her back she cleaned
up her clothes and stowed them away.  Still naked she padded around
the house resetting VCRs and cameras.  It was now seven o’clock time
for some breakfast and then onto her make her next bondage video. 
She knew how much Randy was going to enjoy viewing these.  That made
her wet again and she took time to satisfy herself.

Leaving the kitchen a mess from breakfast Janet re-wet her hair. 
In the spare room set up for bondage she wrapped heavy padded cuffs on
her ankles and attached them to a rope and pulley system set up suspension. 
With some effort the tiny woman pulled her self to swing free of the floor. 
She wrapped the rope around her legs and torso to keep herself in the air. 
Retrieving a hairbrush strategically placed in reach she brushed her golden
hair.  Working upside down she realized was not very easy.  You
had to adjust your thinking.  With her hair brushed she picked up
a leather thong also placed with in easy reach and braided it into her
hair.  This took more time than she had thought it would and by the
time she was done her head was swimming for being upside down for so long. 
Releasing the wrappings of rope she lowered herself down.  Resting
for a moment she collected her head and set out for her room where she
dressed for the next stage.

Not wanting to be without any latex against her skin she drew out of
her stash panties, corset and stockings.  She reinserted a dildo into
her wet pussy, pulled up the high waisted panties picked up what seemed
to be a salt shaker and dumped some of its contents into the panties. 
Immediately she started itching.  She worked quickly now and laced
the corset tight over top and poured more of the contents into the stocking
before rolling them up her firm legs.  Determined to win the war she
re-laced the high ballet boots onto her legs.

She was wiggling and rubbing herself constantly now as the powder did
its work.  She shackled her ankles together added a loose fitting
black latex blouse a heavy leather skirt locking a heavy belt around her
waist.  She forced a rubber bit between her teeth, buckled and locked
the harness holding it tightly in place.  This piece of equipment
had blindfold attached to it blocking out all light.  This she knew
would be the biggest stumbling block to her freedom.  Working behind
her back she tied the leather thong to a ring in the belt and drew her
head back.  She added a posture collar locking it as well.

Trying to work quickly through the itch she dumped more powder down
her blouse covering her tits and shook some down each arm.  The itch
was incredible her toes were even driving her crazy.  Already it was
too late to free herself from this torture.  Each lock meant an eternity
of itch.  Locking a chain to the front of the collar and ran it through
a ring in the front of the waist belt she fumbled a lock into place locking
her wrist to it.  This did two things it kept her hands from scratching
but still allowed her to do the cleaning still to be done.

She did a wild dance for the cameras gyrating and twisting.  No
relief was to be found from the powders devious work.  Her orgasm
came upon her unexpectedly and rocked her to her knees.  Try as she
might to rub herself the heavy leather skirt thwarted all efforts. 
Wriggling around on the floor she tried to no avail to easy the itching. 
Janet began thinking this would drive her nuts.  Randy would come
home to find a babbling idiot on his hands.  She struggled to her
feet and tried to rub her back against the doorjamb but her head being
pulled back by the tether interfered with that.  She couldn’t raise
her hands to scratch at her tits because the collar and tether stopped
that.  She screamed in frustration through the rubber bit biting deep
into her mouth.

The itch didn’t seem to be abating and Janet realized the latex clothing
was keeping its activity alive.  “Oh God “ she thought, “What have
I done to myself.  “  She tried to stand on one foot a shake
the other in hopes of relieving the itch.  She screamed again. 
Another orgasm rocked her and she staggered against a wall.  The camera
was recording all of her movements and even her screams.  Randy was
in for a real treat from this session.

Tears of frustration streaked down her face as the self-inflicted torture
continued.  Her mind a mess Janet tried to remember the next step. 
As she fought control of her body she realized she had not taken the buckets
out of the freezer.  This realization only added to her frenzy. 
She was going mad she couldn’t think straight.  How long could she
live like this?  For the first time she was truly scared.  Panic
fueled her imagination; the itch kept her from concentrating.

Without her sight the tiny blonde did not know that her wild dance was
spinning her closer and closer to the bedroom door.  Although the
room was well away from the stairs she would be lost in her own house. 
Once the effects of the powder wore off it would take her time to find
her way to the stairs.  Janet could not even think that far ahead. 
The itch drove her wild and another orgasm shook her sending her bouncing
off another wall.  This sent her reeling across the hallway and she
stumbled unknowingly into the bondage room.

Helplessness, panic and the itch drove the hapless woman through multiple
orgasms.  Janet was drenched with sweat when she realized the itching
was finally abating.  With no idea now of where she was upstairs she
got her feet under her and stumbled around the room searching for a way
out.  There were eight bedrooms upstairs.  Each room was laid
out virtually the same and each had its own bathroom.  As well as
there being a large bathroom for guests who weren’t stay over. Slowly painfully,
blind, exhausted the creature of self-torture worked her way around. 
Feeling her way from one room to the next in search of the stair. 
Not knowing when she might find the top step kept her from trying to rush. 
She hadn’t even considered how she was going to free herself once she was
able to descend the steps.

Even with the care she was taking it came a surprise when her foot found
nothing to stand on and she had to catch herself against the railing to
keep from plunging head first down.  Inching her way forward still
fearful of falling she made her way down the steps.  Her skin that
had been subjected to the powder still burned but not as annoyingly as
before.  With more confidence now Janet aimed toward the freezer. 
She still had no idea how she was going to retrieve the buckets from it. 
They seldom used the freezer and most of the time it was empty or almost
empty consequently the buckets were on the floor of the appliance.

As the itch eased so had the panic, and bound and helpless as she was
Janet calmed herself.  She knew if necessary she could last quite
a few days this way.  She would be able to get water into her system. 
It wouldn’t be fun but knew she could do it if she had to.  There
was a three piece bath on the main floor and if need be she would turn
the shower on and put her face in front of the stream and soak water up
that way.  Her hands weren’t useless either.  She could find
and open cans of food, even if she had to pour them out on the floor her
tongue could reach around the bit to trap food and draw it into her mouth.

As she dealt with her fear of starving she started forming an idea of
how to reach the buckets.  First she went to the broom closet and
found a broom.  One that she could twist the handle free from the
head.  Then she headed for the bondage bedroom again.  She needed
some things from it to enable her escape.  Still exhausted from her
orgasms and panic she forced her self to work slowly and deliberately. 
Ascending the staircase again she decided that she needed rest more than
anything at the moment. No longer panicked she struggled to her room and
lay down on the bed.  Having to lie on her side because of the strict
pull on her hair she slept.

When the helpless blonde woke she found herself sore and stiff. 
The strictures of her bondage kept her from working out the kinks adequately
to relieve the ache. Remembering what her mission had been she struggled
from the bed.  She had to tip the chest over to get what she needed. 
She found a roll of tape and a hook.  Stumbling down the hall and
stairs she wound her way to the freezer.  Retrieving the broom handle
she taped the hook to the end of it fashioning a type of fishing rod. Taking
a deep breath she fumbled the rod to dip it into the open freezer. 
She worked through her sobs of frustration and again fear for hours hooking
one pail after another. Claiming with each unsuccessful try that she was
done with tying herself up.  Once she was free she would edit the
tapes and be done with this dangerous game. With each successful try tears
of joy rolled down from under the eye covers.

Once she had counted the pails from the freezer she sank down to her
knees and cried.  Her head hurt from the constant pull of the tether. 
Her back ached because of the arch that same tether caused her to do.  
Her feet screamed for mercy the boots had won again.  Janet calmed
herself and settled in to wait for the ice to melt and that would be a
number of hours yet.

Suddenly she became alert and she knew what she could do.  She
gathered as many pails into her hands as she could.  Laden down Janet
stumbled, her feet shooting red needles up her calves; to the kitchen sink. 
She set each bucket into the sink and even though stretching pulled terribly
on her hair she reached out and found the tap.  Turning it on she
ran hot water over the pails filling each one.  With the hot water
cascading over the pails she returned to her stash. Filling the second
sink she maneuvered the tap to spray over them.  She kept alternating
between sinks resting the pull on her hair as she allowed the water to
pour in for a moment before alternating it back to the last sink.

It still took time but it was definitely faster than waiting and it
gave her something to do.  Finally she could feel that cold water
was running from the tap and turned off the flow of water.  Tired
frustrated and in need once again of bathroom privileges she searched each
pail finding her plan had worked.  The pails had thawed and she could
retrieve the keys.  As she emptied each pail she of the precious keys
she would slowly pour the water out being careful to feel for any errant
keys she might have missed.  Every key she found was put into one
empty pail. Satisfied with her search she took up the pail and headed stumbling
and blind to the center of the kitchen where she sank to her knees. 
Now came the tedious task of fitting the right keys to the right locks. 
The first she decided was to free her hands. This took the longest; as
once they were free she was able to remove the blindfold.  Then things
moved along at an easy rate and soon she was free of bonds.

Janet removed the boots but otherwise remained dressed as she was. 
Hurrying to the bathroom she pulled a leg of the panties aside and pee'd. 
Realizing she was famished she padded back to the kitchen.  Her ordeal
had lasted for eleven hours. As she cleaned the kitchen and set out her
dinner her confidence returned.  She enjoyed the weight of the heavy
leather skirt and soon her thoughts returned to the next step.

For the next step she needed a workhorse from the shed.  First
though she needed to freeze selected keys into ice cubes.  She tied
a measured length of string to each key.  Then dropped each key into
its individual slots.  To each of these she also added another piece
of string.  The string tied to the keys provided the escape the piece
just frozen into each block was so she could anchor the keys out of reach
till each cube melted.  At that time the key would swing down within
reach of her fettered hands.

Sliding her aching feet into a pair of high heeled pumps and went to
retrieve the sawhorse.  Along with the horse she brought a piece of
foam rubber she had found.  It would be perfect as padding on the
horse.  The idea for this had come from surfing the Internet along
with the idea about using ice to hamper her escapes.  She folded the
foam and measured where she needed to make a hole.  With a razor knife
she cut a hole and fitted a long strap on cock through it.  Then with
duct tape she wrapped the foam into place on the horse.  The dildo
stuck straight up from the horse.

Armed with a pair of pliers and screw rings she anchored one into the
base of each leg of the horse and two into each end of the cross bar. 
Maneuvering the horse beneath a ceiling hook she went to prepare the rest
of this scene.  Again she checked and reset the VCRs in the room and
turned off all the others, as the bondage room was the only one used for
this stage.  She took a quick check on her “keycubes” as she had come
to think of them.  They weren’t frozen yet but it would not be long
so the determined woman went about with her preparations.  She tied
a sturdy rope from a hook near the ceiling opposite the horse to a center
ring on the horse and repeated that with the other end pulling the rope
tight enough to lift the horse six or seven inches from the floor. 
It immediately wanted to tip over but Janet set a wooden chair beside it
to steady it.  From the hook in the ceiling already hung a rope and
pulley.

For the next phase the little blonde needed to change clothes. First
she emptied her bladder and forced a little poop out she didn’t really
want the call of nature attacking while she was still bound again. 
In her bedroom she checked that the camera was on and the VCR was recording. 
She lubricated a large butt plug and inserted it gently into her still
sore bum and slipped into a pair of unique rubber panties.  They were
made of very heavy rubber, high waisted that laced tight from crotch to
waist.  The other difference about them were the rings embedded front
and back it also had a sheath that would allow a penis or dildo to be inserted
into her pussy.

Next she wrapped her torso in a sinister looking leather corset. 
Nipple holes had been cut into the bra part and tiny gold wires had been
set around the openings.  These immediately made their presence know. 
Janet jumped as the tiny wires poked at her breasts.  Next she rolled
Latex stocking up her legs and attached them to the garters of the painful
corset.  Not accepting defeat she once again laced her tortured feet
into the ankle high ballet boots and locked them on, then drew on the shoulder
length latex gloves.

Her preparations had taken almost three hours and the keys were now
ready for distribution.  With stepladder in hand she measured where
and how to hang each key.  First she would measure where the key had
to be for her to reach it.  Then with thumbtacks she would secure
it to the ceiling.  The second string was to hang it out of reach
till the ice melted for this to she used a thumbtack.  She had used
a cupcake-baking pan to make the ice cubes in order to ensure a decent
internment of bondage.

That done, she set out the final stages of the scene.  She took
a thin rope and attached it to a hook to in the ceiling to the front of
where she would be sitting.  And tied it loosely to the horse with
in reach.  Between it and the hook she had attached elastic, the reason
would become apparent as she continued on.  She consulted her diary. 
Satisfied her preparation was correct she buckled and locked a ball gag
deep into her mouth.  To this again she added the posture collar also
locking it tight.  The keys to these items were not frozen in water
this time instead she had left them mixed into the pile of keys on the
kitchen table as well as the keys to her torturous boots.

Next she added nipple clamps, the type that tightened when pulled on
so she could not pull away from them.  Between them hung a short chain. 
She replenished the batteries in her remote intermittent vibrator and taped
it to the rope tied to the horse and switched it on.  To the collar
she hung a short chain down her back and attached her wrist cuffs to it. 
The key to the cuffs was suspended from the ceiling in ice to fall when
melted to where she could reach it.

Already she was drooling from the ball gag and spit was dripping onto
her chest.  A feeling she really disliked.  Setting the stepladder
beside the horse she climbed it and impaled herself on the cock jutting
up from the horse.  With a short coil of rope she threaded it through
the rings of the panties and tied herself down to the horse.  Now
she could barely rock back and forth.  She smirked to herself. Just
as she had envisioned it would be.  Then as best as she could she
reached down and locked her ankles to the rings in the legs of the horse. 
Even though her legs were bent she could not move off the dildo due to
the ropes from the panties.

Not finished yet she untied the rope from the horse in front of her
and tied it to the chain swinging between her breasts from the clips and
pulled it taught.  The vibrator buzzed and shook the rope sending
a cascade of pain through her breasts only from the clips attached but
also the elastic allowed for exaggeration of the movement and the wires
protruding from the corset.  This was going to be a long night she
decided.  She reached up and found the rope and pulley dangling from
the ceiling.  This she attached to the collar at back locking it in
place and pulled on the free end till it pulled snug.  Working behind
her back she fastened it to a ring knotting it several times to ensure
it would not come free.

Finally she knocked the stepladder away that she had been using for
balance once and a while.  This movement caused her to swing back
and forth pulling at her neck and creating all manner of pain in her breasts. 
All during her preparations the dildo buzzed and stopped distracting her
from her duties.  Lastly she worked her wrists into the cuffs. 
These were high on her back and would keep her fingers from reaching any
of the rope work.

The bondage room had mirrors running along each wall and Janet was forced
to watch herself as she swung helplessly in her bondage.  Though racked
by the pain in her breasts and added to it with each movement.  The
blonde girl still tried to satisfy her lust. Wiggling and trying to rock
back and forth on her cock.  She found that if she moved a certain
way she could indeed induce orgasms at the cost of pain in her tender tits.

Janet was tired and the forced immobility she found herself dozing between
shocks of pain from the vibrator.  This presented another problem
as the horse still wanted to roll over and she found she needed to control
the roll with her neck.  That in turn increased the pain in her breasts. 
Although she could see the ice cubes dangling from different spots in the
ceiling it looked as if they weren’t melting.  Minutes dragged by
as Janet watched herself bound and in pain build to another painful orgasm.
She rocked and in turn caused herself to swing.  This caused the rope
to pull on her neck and the other on her breasts.  The vibrator buzzed
and she jumped in renewed pain this caused her to swing yet more. 
The cascade effect continued as she swung this caused the battery pack
to the dildo to swing, which increased the pull on the clamps pinching
her nipples.  The vibrator buzzed to life again. She jumped and still
trying to rock to another orgasm continued the never-ending cycle of orgasm
and pain.

Delirious in pain and sexual fervor the tortured woman barely realized
the key banging against her gloved hand.  She tried to grab it; this
caused movement, which caused pain, which again in turn caused more movement
and sexual buildup.  Janet schooled her thoughts and timed her movements
to coincide with the swing of the key.  Painful as that was she managed
to capture the key in her right hand. Sweat mixed with the saliva dripping
from her face to her chest.  Disgust of her condition mixed within
her emotions as she toiled to fit the key in place.  Pain ripped through
her breasts as she fought with her bonds.  At times her movements
choked her and she had to take a break let the movement settle down. 
It was the pain that drove her on though. She had to get free.  Tears
once again rolled down her cheeks and the lock clicked open freeing her
hands.

It proved more painful to release herself than she had thought it would. 
She had not realized that her tits had been drawn so far through the openings
of the corset. Although she had steeled herself for the pain of releasing
the clamp she had not imagined the pain it would cause when her tits tried
to retreat through the holes.  Those tiny little wires now poked into
her tender flesh drawing tiny beads of blood.  Still needing to hold
herself upright by her neck she shuddered and cried out in pain her hands
flying up in a vain attempt to soothe her breasts.

Moving created a torrent of red-hot pokers throughout her breasts. 
She whimpered as she struggled to release her neck.  Holding onto
the neck rope for balance she contorted her body to reach the ankle locks
as those keys now swung with in reach.  That drove the wires deeper
into her soft globes.  She wondered how she was to get this fierce
damning device off with out shredding her tender flesh.  Freeing one
ankle she traded hands holding her upright and stretched down to release
her other ankle.  This caused the wires to probe in a new direction. 
She screamed as she fought to control herself.  She knew she could
easily end up hanging upside down and that although not disastrous would
equally hamper her abilities to free herself.

As with in keeping with her situation her hand slipped from the rope
and she teetered to hang upside down.  The violent motion caused extreme
pain throughout her ravaged body as she twisted to keep from smashing her
head on the floor.  Angry now more than anything only gurgling sounds
filtered out from behind the ball gag as she swore up a storm.  This
really interfered with her reaching that final key.  Twisting and
grunting she managed to grab hold of it and pull it free from the ceiling
sending an unbelievable amount of pain ripping through her impaled tits.

She found another challenge now, with being upside down the saliva started
running up her nose.  This really grossed her out and she fought to
keep her stomach under control.  All she needed now was to try vomiting
with the gag in.  To further impede her freedom the weight of her
body pulling on the ropes had tightened them, which made untying the knots
extremely difficult. She found by locking her legs around the legs of the
horse she could pull her weight enough to relieve some pressure from the
ropes. Her latex fingers urgently worked at the knots slowly winning free
the ropes.  With the ropes free a new problem occurred she had to
try and hold her self-parallel to the horse because of the posture collar. 
With one arm pushing against the floor to balance her she released her
legs from their hold and dropped to the floor.

The cock popped out of her and she screamed again as the landing pushed
and bounced her tits on their wire skewers.  She lay panting trying
to control the pain. Even in that breathing pain raced through her. 
As the pain settled to a constant throb she contemplated her next move. 
It would be so easy to just lay here and wait for Randy to come home to
help her out of this painful corset. Delicately she rolled to her side
and gained her feet.  That too proved more painful than she was prepared
for.  Her feet had literally had enough and cramped as she put weight
on them.  She screamed in renewed pain and crumpled to the floor. 
There was nothing she could do to escape the pain and lay still curled
in a ball for a long time before renewing her efforts.

At last she felt she could with stand the pain a rolled this time to
her hands and knees.  In this manner crawling she made her way to
the kitchen to dig through the mount of keys awaiting her on the table. 
She pulled herself into a chair and worked at releasing her feet first. 
They were still trying to cramp and she needed to relieve at least some
of the pain in her body.  She felt she could do no further damage
to her breast as each movement renewed the gold wires probing into her
tender tortured breasts and although she was not getting used to the torture
she was able to bear the pain.

Sitting on a chair she pulled her free feet one at a time onto her lap
and kneaded the cramps out of them. She freed her neck and found the key
to her gag and thankfully removed it from her mouth.  Satisfied with
the recovery of her feet she headed back to the bondage room.  While
rubbing her feet she had an idea of how to free herself from the corset.
Walking into the room she released the rope attached to the nipple clamps
and retied it to a hook about five feet from the floor.  Then with
trembling hands she reattached the clamps to her tender nipples and backed
away.  This drew her nipples out through the holes again and also
drew the wires out of her breasts.  The harder she pulled the more
the needles sprang free of her tits.  Then she loosened the lacing
of the corset and carefully removed it over the clamps.

With gentle caresses she explored and rubbed her ample tits easing some
of the pain still coursing through them. Although it was after two in the
morning she decide a hot relaxing bath was in order.  While the tub
filled with hot steaming water Janet finished stripping.  Before climbing
in she added scented oil under the running tap and let its aroma fill her
nostrils.  She sank to her neck luxuriating in the two-man tub. 
The hot water stung the tiny holes left from the corset and even in that
she rejoiced.

Occasionally she reached forward and added more hot water to the filling
tub.  It was nearly an hour later when she, feeling refreshed; stepped
out of the tub and toweled herself dry.  She fingered her shaved pussy
as she made her way to the bed.  A good old-fashioned dildo fucking
was in order she thought.  Automatically she reset the tapes and started
recording. Lying on her back pussy facing the camera she reached over and
picked up a large black dildo.  Her pussy leaked juices and she eased
the dildo in and out of her self-pushing it further each time.  Soon
she was bucking wildly against her thrusts and came with an earsplitting
scream arching backwards high into the air.  She grunted and slumped
back to the bed.  Languishing in the after glow she drifted exhausted
into sleep.

[The
Story continues in Day 4](janet4.html)
