---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/it_all_started_with_the_package.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: It All Started With The Package
authors:
- trppdnrbbr77
tags:
- Solo-M
- latex
- remote
- fem
- hood
- catsuit
- kidnap
- depilate
- blackmail
- bond
- collar
- gag
- cuffs
- buttplug
- electro
- nc
- XX
date: 2024-08-27 00:00:00
---

It was a Friday and the delivery person dropped off a package at the front door, from one of those foreign online order places. Got the box and took it inside. When I took the box inside I got a text message on my phone that read, "I have hacked your bank accounts and identity, as you may notice the package you have in your possession right now was ordered using your credentials that I have created for you. In order to keep your accounts and identity from being exposed and your life into ruins, you need to do exactly as instructed… more to come".

"What in the world?" was my first thought.

Then came another message, "BTW I have also hacked your security cameras and have others installed that you do NOT know of, any actions to disable or unplug these devices will result in a NON Comply and find all exposed, as for now take the UNOPENED package and place in the back of your closet… more to come".

Since I am married and have a pretty decent life, I didn't want to be hacked or anything come from this, after all it is just a package for now. So, I took the package and hid it in my closet. A text came in, "good job, also DO NOT TELL ANYONE, might be a good idea to delete these texts as well so no one finds out… I am watching", followed by a picture of my wife sitting on the couch watching TV.

About an hour later I got a call from the wife, "Hey my mom just won 2 tickets for a Mother Daughter Cruise! It leaves on Monday, do you mind if I go? Work said I have some PTO days that I can use, will be 5 days coming back on Friday."

"Amazing…hmm. That sounds like a good time, enjoy."

"Thank you so very much, Mom is excited!"

She got home and started packing, we had a great weekend and by Sunday night she was packed and ready for her trip. I was so nervous as to what is going to happen next, and what in the world is that package about?

Monday morning she left with her Mom. I work from home so I waved goodbye and logged into work. Then about Noon, the text came in. "Great job so far, glad you two had a great weekend but now the real fun starts! You need to pull out the package and open it, go ahead." I went to the closet with shaky hands, sat at my desk and opened the package.

Things got real weird. In my home office my personal laptop turned on and a chat window opened. "Hello there, this will make for much easier conversation." I looked back at the package and found several zip lock type bags, "Open 1 by 1 and lay each out to show the camera."

I don't have a camera in the office so I was questioning the instructions. As I opened each baggy and laid out, it was clothing made of a shiny latex material. A full body suit from neck to toe with built in gloves. and socks, built in breasts, thong with a plug in the rear and a built in condom with a hose coming out, a hood with only two holes for eyes and one hole for a mouth. There were also wrist cuffs, a thick collar and straps that I couldn't tell but looked like they would go around the ankle and bottom of a shoe, another bag with a shiny black panel gag that went around the head, and a pair of large goggles like virtual reality, the final baggy had 3 tubes labeled 1 to 3.

The chat read, "here is your new outfit, get ready! Follow the video on how to wear", then a link to a video titled "How to put on a latex catsuit" appeared. "Follow the video then stand by."

The video instructed you to strip down naked and apply the 1st tube all over your body. “Careful, this removes hair. Then shower to rinse.” I was doubtful and hesitated, next a picture of my online banking appeared with a winky emoji. That was enough motivation for me.

I jumped in the shower, covered with tube number 1 and rinsed, it was a little tingly but all my body hair fell down and out the drain. I got out of the shower and pressed "play" to resume the video. Next step was to cover my body with tube 2, it was very slick. This was followed by putting on the thong, pushing in the plug and the condom over my private, next "catsuit" beginning with the feet going up the legs, the catsuit had a 3-way zipper that started behind and came through the front up to the top of the neck, I was to pull the top 2 zippers apart from the 3rd, fishing the tube from the condom and zipping together.

The video instructed me to put lubed arms and hands in then smooth out to fit. It seemed like this would be very tough to do without the lube. Once done, I was told to leave the hood off for now and zip up the 1st zipper all the way up leaving 3 inches from the top of the catsuit. As I zipped the catsuit became very tight making me suck in my stomach, it was a little tough to breath by the time the zipping was completed as instructed. Then the video ended.

"You might want to look in the mirror," read the chat. "Whoa!" Aside from having a man’s head, I had some amazing curves like a woman! Chat instructed, "now go into the bathroom, to your wife's makeup drawer." I knew where this was going. "Make up your face like this." A picture and "how to apply makeup for crossdressers" appeared.

Using the brightest shiny red lipstick and darkest eye shadow, the task was completed. "Time for the hood," followed by another "how to" video. I put on the hood and zipped up the zipper of the catsuit over the bottom of the hood sealing in the zipper for the hood as well. "Now put on the panel gag and strap on tight." When I put it on it had fake red lips with a small hole in the middle, gagging me with the plug. "Lastly put on the wrist cuffs."

"Another piece coming." With that the doorbell rang. "You will need to sign for this one." I hesitated big time for this one, something took over my laptop and a picture of my current attire with full makeup, covered in what I now know of as black shiny latex, I tried to take over but it was locked and with my latex gloved hands it was difficult to use the computer mouse. The cursor hovered over send and began to circle.

"OK, I will do it." The doorbell rang again. Email deleted.

With a huge lump in my throat I answered the door and there stood the delivery guy, he looked me up and down with a stare of lust, "Can you sign for this package please?" I signed with a scribble and took the package. "Thank you very much Miss…" I slammed the door and locked it.

The latex was very tight making it tough to quickly walk back to my office. "Wow, you are a lot braver that the others…"

"What others?" I said out loud.

"Never mind, open the box." Not wanting to get into it with my "chat mistress", I complied. In the box were boots that had the highest heel I have ever seen that went up to my thighs. "You guessed it, these are the footwear," followed by another how-to video. I put them on, zipped and tied the top. They were super tight and squeezed my legs by a few inches.

"Time to seal your fate, take the last tube and spread it over all your zippers, folding the outside portion in covering the zipper.” Complied. "Now put on the collar, and wrist cuffs". Completed that. "The high straps go on like this." A video, of course, of strapping on the boots around my ankles and around my feet. "You are becoming a pro at this." Now I was sealed in; the last tube was super glue. By this time it had dried, creating a seamless head-to-toe shiny black latex doll. I only knew that name because of the picture with that title on, showing on my computer screen.

"You can go back to work now, once you finish cleaning up after yourself, make sure to take the trash out… more to come." With that my personal computer and work computer went back to normal.

I took a minute to gather myself and proceeded to put the makeup bag back, collapse all the boxes and put the world back to normal. This was really tough to do covered in compressing latex with 5-inch high heel boots on. Realizing the boxes wouldn't fit in the trash inside, I got another lump in my throat. "Looks like I will have to take these outside to the recycle bin."

Now I think I can "hack" this myself by putting on sweatpants and a hoodie, but my gloves would show and the "clack" of the heels would be obvious. "I have some work gloves and slippers. I will try that." No message from the "chat mistress", but I quickly found out why. It was nearly 100 degrees outside in the summer sun! That task was completed.

I went back to work sealed into my new "business attire". Soon I completed working, it was 6 'o clock and I was super hungry. I went into the kitchen looking around thinking “how am I going to pull this off?”

With that a text message, "Dinner is served!" The doorbell rang.

It was getting really creepy and I was not sure how this kept happening. I checked the door camera with my security app and there stood a food delivery girl, with a large drink. She wasn't going anywhere. "Oh man."

I went to the door and answered, she gave me the stare, I grabbed the drink and she said, "can you sign the receipt?" I signed and closed the door.

The hole in the panel gag fit the straw of the drink perfectly and it was a delicious chocolate tasting milk shake. Then it came, I had to go to the bathroom, sensing my little dance the chat mistress text "have a seat and all will be ok." I sat down on the toilet and the condom with hose let me go number one.

For the next couple of hours I became comfortable with my new attire, it was squeaky and pretty arousing. It was getting dark when I got a text from the wife, "Hi honey, we boarded our cruise, I love you talk soon, cell service is pretty bad here but we will talk soon."

Minutes later from Chat Mistress: "Time to meet." There came the lump again.

"Put on the goggles and go outside, it is dark now so no one will see you." All my outside smart lights turned off. “Go to the mailbox and with your hand behind your back stand in front of it. A notification pinged on my phone, alerting me of a pending transfer from my account, with a pic of it ready to be texted to my wife. Not sure if at this point I would have resisted but this just made it easier.

I did as I was told, when I stood in front of my mailbox, the collar locked on, wrist cuffs, high heel cuffs locked together trapping me. Then the goggles went black blinding my vision.

At this point my hands were cuffed together, ankles cuffed together by my mailbox blindfolded, gagged, locked into a skin tight latex catsuit, in 5 inch heels. Then came the next part of my prison, the plug in my rear started vibrating giving me the craziest sensation I have ever been through. I tried to make a sound but all that came out was “Mmmmmmph,” followed by a small electric shock from the collar!

It was turning me on, then I heard a car pull up, someone got out, put a leash on the collar around my neck, and pulled me in. Could tell I was buckled into a car seat while we drove off. I tried to wiggle but could not move while fully sealed.

The goggles started displaying, "drone trppdnrbbr77 initializing". The hood had tiny speakers over the ears and I could hear a heartbeat thumping sound. I now learned part of what was going on. A video displayed of my wife, talking to me, "Hi honey, so you know, our last weekend was amazing together thank you for all you have done for us. But I had to take the offer from Drone Corp. By giving them another Drone for their "global cause", I can retire, don't worry you will have an amazing life, plus from the pictures, you are pretty sexy! We may have one last fling if they let me, but by then you won't have any control. Mom and I will make sure everything will be ok when we get back from our Cruise. Love you!"

Then the video shifted to my work email, I started to wiggle and moan with shocks coming from the collar and vibrations from the plug. It began to type, "To Whom it May Concern, this is my resignation effective immediately, due to unforeseen circumstances, my wife will be taking over all of my estate, here is the power of attorney" the signature from the delivery receipts! The email addressed to my manager and HR, followed by a click of the send button.

As our ride continued, the screen went to videos of other drones, and different types of deep sounds, then I faded away…

---

This testimony of trppdnrbbr77 was delivered by drone corp, it may be true or not, but do you have what it takes to join our cause? Don't worry about trppdnrbbr77, he… err… it will be fine.

"Ding dong there is a package for you…"
