---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/ensigns_fantasies13.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: An Ensign's Fantasies 13
authors:
- Cindy
tags:
- M+/f
- D/s
- hotel
- clients
- bond
- rope
- tease
- oral
- sex
- anal
- climax
- vr
- fantasy
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**An Ensign's Fantasies 12**](ensigns_fantasies12.html))_

_**Part 13**_

_The following narrative is that of a retired Starfleet commander. Though many of the narrated details did actually occur all names are fictitious and locales and dates are changed to prevent individual identification._

_Stan drove me to my apartment and I thanked him for a wonderful time. In my apartment I called Jerry and let him know he was to meet with Mr. Santoro that afternoon. I sat on my couch, closed my eyes and relived the pleasure of the last day or so, screwing with Stan, with my only regret being that it wouldn't continue._

_That afternoon Jerry called telling me I was to accompany him to a hotel downtown. I put a few things in a large purse not knowing what I would be doing at the hotel. Jerry picked me up and we drove to the hotel. Inside I accompanied Jerry to the bar where he asked for Tony. I recognized Tony from the bondage club I'd been to. He didn't appear to remember me so I didn't say anything. He introduced himself and let us know he knew and expected us. He offered us drinks and Jerry took a whiskey and I asked for a white wine._

_We settled in a booth and Tony laid out what he was told by Mr. Santoro. I was to have access to the bar whenever I wanted. Tony or his partner would arrange any "dates". I was to receive fifty percent of anything paid for my time. Jerry would get the rest less expenses which included five percent for Tony with a minimum twenty five credits. Apparently Naz had already laid out the payment schedule for Jerry as he didn't object. There were standard rates in the hotel of 300 credits for an hour and 500 credits for two hours. I would receive my cut whenever I wanted. Jerry would have to collect his from Tony on a set schedule. Tony managed to suggest that Jerry could leave while I stayed and possibly get a client or two._

_As soon as Jerry was gone Tony said he remembered me as having the prettiest ass at the bondage club. He had taken an immediate dislike to Jerry and much preferred talking to me alone. He explained Mr. Santoro owned the hotel and I was to be extended all possible courtesy. He explained to me that I could do well on Friday and Saturday evenings but things were slower on Thursdays and Sundays. Just at this time he had one client waiting but he was into bondage. He could send me up if I wanted. At 1000 credits for a two hour bondage session it would be hard to pass up. Tony assured me the client was known and there had been no problems in the past._

_I went up to the client's room and was let in introducing myself as Janet. He told me to call him Ken. I agreed I was willing to be tied up. I was asked to strip and lie on the bed. I was tied down spread eagle but my legs were on one side of the bed and my arms tied on the other side with my head hanging over the edge. I was blindfolded but I could hear Ken undressing. Then his hands were on my boobs. He had a soft touch that I enjoyed. It felt good when he sucked on my nipples. When I was told to open wide, I opened my mouth to take his cock in. I thought I would suck and lick a little but he pushed his cock all the way to my throat. It felt like he had gotten a couple of inches into my throat. I was a little panicky when he held his cock there and I couldn't breathe. After a moment he pulled back a little and I was alright. He fucked my mouth steadily holding momentarily on each thrust into my throat. I was past the panic and just regulated my breathing to coincide with his drawing back. It took him a few minutes before he finally came in my throat and then a little more in my mouth. When he pulled out of me I was able to raise my head and swallow his cum._

_I was left in place while I wondered what he would do for the rest of his time. He finally came back and untied me but then he tied my ankles together so my legs were spread apart. He arranged me on the bed on my knees with my head down and my ass up. My wrists were tied back about my legs. I felt him kneel behind me. He reached under me and fondled my boobs and rolled my nipples between his fingers. I was feeling horny and wished he would stick it in me. My pussy wanted some attention. Finally I was pleased to feel his cock pushing in my pussy. He must not have fully recovered from the blowjob as he fucked me for a long time before cumming. I had no complaints having a small orgasm and just enjoyed having a cock thrusting in my pussy._

_Ken started getting dressed and indicated he was leaving. I asked if he minded me taking a shower before I left. He was OK with that. I took a quick shower and got dressed. While I was dressing I found a 100 credits under my skirt. Back at the bar Tony fixed an iced tea for me and I sat and talked with him. After he served a man at the other end of the bar, he asked if I was ready for a customer. I agreed and I went and sat with the customer. He finished his drink and we left for his room. It was a very simple operation. We both undressed, I used my mouth to get him erect, I laid back on the bed, spread my legs and he stuck a nice stiff cock in me. After depositing a load of cum in me he indicated I could go so I dressed and went back to Tony. While I was dressing I had another 100 credits tucked in my bra. I went back to the bar and Tony and sat around for quite a while. Tony took a phone call and then came to me and asked if I could take another bondage session. He went back to the phone to tell the client I was ready. About half an hour later Tony got another call and he came to me with the room number._

_I went up to the room and met Jim. He asked me to undress and then tied my wrists together behind me. Then I had to get on the bed and he tied my ankles but apart so I was hobbled. He undressed and got into bed beside me. While he laid on his back he pulled me on top of him and maneuvered me to get his cock in me. Then he laid there so still I thought he went to sleep. Finally he started humping under me with just a little thrusting into my pussy. I would never have known he was cumming except he stopped thrusting and held himself in and moaned slightly. He rolled me off and maneuvered me back on my stomach. My wrists and ankles were untied and I was ready to leave._

_Back at the bar Tony was closing up. He told me he wanted to take me to a room and fuck me in the ass. I agreed and when he suggested paying me I insisted it would be professional courtesy. In the room it turned out to be a bit more than a roll in the hay. Tony wanted me standing naked with my ankles tied together and my wrists tied in front and pulled down almost to my ankles. When he had me bent over like that he undressed and started poking his cock in my ass. It hurt a bit at first but it eased up and I was able to take it in my ass until he was cumming._

_When he finished he sat down on the floor to rest while I had to stand there with his cum running down my legs. In a few minutes he untied my ankles and I rushed to the refresher. I was able to clean up despite my wrists still being bound. Tony had his briefs back on and was seated in a chair. I went to him to get my wrists undone but he pulled me down to his lap and fondled my boobs. When he bent down to lick and suck on my nipples I figured I could last a little longer with my wrists bound._

_Eventually he untied me and we went downstairs to the bar. Tony turned over my earnings and accompanied me outside to take a cab home. I agreed I would be back for Friday and Saturday. For quite a while that became my regular schedule. Sometimes I would go in on a Thursday and always on Fridays and Saturdays. Once in a while at other times Tony would call and ask me to come in to service a client. Usually I agreed but I was so busy with Fridays and Saturdays and making so much money I only went to be nice to Tony._

_01.01.14_

_story continues in [**An Ensign's Fantasies 14**](ensigns_fantasies14.html)

o0o
