---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Webcam Fun
authors:
- Baronlaw
tags:
- F-m
- latex
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Erosboutique & Grometsplaza Latex story competition 2004

I hung up the phone with a puzzled feeling and started to get ready
for bed. I wandered into the bathroom to brush my teeth still puzzling
over her last cryptic remarks. The she in this case being a dear friend
of mine for over a year now. I had called her up on a whim and we had talked
for well over an hour. Sure we chatted online all the time and not much
had changed lately but sometimes it was good to actually hear someone’s
voice and not just stare at a glowing screen.

We had first met online and discovered that we were only a 15-20 minute
drive away from each other. At first we had tried dating but the chemistry
had not been right.  She was only 25, I was pushing 30 and both of
us had many interests in common. We had been together long enough to learn
that we were both interested in bondage and other kinky activities. I had
tied her up a time or two and she had returned the favor. We considered
each other "friends with privileges". Both of us were between partners
at this time and I had just been mentioning that I felt the "need" to be
tied up again. That was when she had made her rather puzzling remarks.
I replayed the end of our conversation in my head as I diligently brushed
my teeth.

"I miss being tied up" he had said.

"Really? Well maybe something could be arranged." she had slyly replied.

He tried to keep his tone casual "That would be fun, when?"

"Actually I do have an idea or two in mind." she had replied just as
casually "Do you trust me?"

"Of course, what do you have in mind?"

"I've had a little plan that I want to try out, what are you doing next
Saturday?"

"Nothing on the schedule, what little plan?"

"It's a secret of course, just expect a package from me sometime this
week and do not open it. Then Saturday morning log on and fire up your
web-cam. Say around 8am or so and we will have a little fun. Night."

She had quickly hung up and he had been left wondering what her little
plan was and how long she had been plotting it.

I shrugged to myself in the mirror, finished my nightly preparations
and went to bed. Tomorrow was Monday and I had a lot of work waiting for
me.

Monday dawned and I went to work. It was a hectic day full of problems
and people needing this or that and I soon forgot all about her plans for
me on the coming weekend. Tuesday through Thursday were just as busy and
full of stress. When I finally got home every night I collapsed into bed
too tired to do more then cook a meal and watch a little telly. Friday
came and went much like the rest of the week except for the surprise waiting
for me on my doorstep when I arrived home. It was a small parcel about
the size of a large shoebox.

"Ah" I thought to myself while I unlocked the front door "this must
be that package she had promised me".

I sat on the sofa and idly turned the box over in my hands, it was a
bit heavy for it's size I thought. Curiosity was consuming me but I had
promised to not open it and I could wait till tomorrow morning. I went
to bed that night still wondering what she had in store for me the next
day.

I had set my alarm for 7:30 and as I looked at it the clock the next
morning it read 7:45.

 "Crap! I must have hit the snooze button!"

Quickly jumping into the shower and then throwing on some clothes I
raced to the computer. Firing up the web-cam and logging on just as the
clock read 7:59. I noticed she was already online and quickly typed a "Good
Morning"

She responded "There you are, had breakfast yet?"

"Just got up, no time for breakfast. Doubt I could eat until I find
out what this is all about though." he typed and added a smiley face to
the line.

"Box unopened?" she typed

I grabbed it off the sofa and held it up to the web-cam for her to see.
"Satisfied?" I added another smiley so she wouldn't think I was being sarcastic.

"Now before we begin I want you to promise that you'll follow my commands
to the letter, no questions asked."

Before I typed a reply I thought for a few moments. We had been friends
a long time and I did trust her completely.

"Okay sounds like fun. Do you want me to call you Mistress or something?"

"No that won't be necessary. Now leave the box there and go get that
suit of yours."

I typed back "Errrr...which suit?"

"LOL, you know exactly what suit I want you to get. Now do it."

I
did indeed know what suit she was talking about. A few months back on a
whim I had bought a full latex bodysuit online from a place called Erosboutique.
I had only worn it twice, once to see if it fit and then another time just
for fun and to see how long I could wear it. I had enjoyed the clinging
tight feeling tremendously but had yet to use it in a “scene”.. I went
to the closet and pulled it out and grabbed the bottle of talcum powder
I keep in the bathroom. Sitting back down at the keyboard I made sure to
hold it up in front of the camera. It had no hood but included feet and
gloves. The thought of wearing it already had my manhood stirring slightly.

"This suit?" I typed

"That's the one, now open the box and lay out the contents within reach.
You are not to leave the camera from this point on. Understood?"

"Understood, although I am wondering what this is all leading to." I
typed.

Grabbing a nearby letter opener I opened the box and pulled out the
contents. I found a set of leg cuffs, wrist cuffs and a collar all made
of latex with lockable buckles. A set of six small brass padlocks already
open and a small sealed enveloped marked "keys". The last item puzzled
him the most though, it appeared to be a series of rubber rings with a
strip on one side holding them together but about a quarter inch apart
at the same time.

I typed again "Okay box open and an interesting set of items it is.
How long have you been planning this?"

"Long enough, now strip and start putting the suit on. Stop when you
get your legs in and let me know before you go any farther.”

Making sure to put on a good show for the web-cam I pushed my chair
back and pulled off my clothes. Powdering my legs up and then the legs
of the suit, I sat back down and started working my feet into the rubber.
Soon I had the tight rubber pulled up both of my legs.

"Okay legs in, now what?"

"Find
the ‘Gates of Hell’ and slip it on."

So that's what the rubber rings were called I thought while siting back
in the chair.

A new message appeared. "You said you would follow my orders to the
letter" obviously she had seen me lean back and my expression.

I gulped and hesitantly reached for the item. Well this will be a new
experience I thought to myself. Slowly I stood up and starting figuring
out how to pull it over my slowly stiffening manhood.

 “I can see you’ve never used one of these before. Locate the larger
ring that is a little farther apart from the others. That one goes below
your balls, the rest of the rings go on the shaft” helpfully appeared on
his screen.

Making sure she could see my activities I proceeded to follow her directions.
Before I was completely done I could fill the effect it was having on me.
When it was fully on, my cock and balls were throbbing and hard. Barely
able to think straight I quickly typed "This is an incredible feeling,
what next?"

"Pull your suit on the rest of the way and zip it up tight." she responded.

Pulling the suit over the top of my straining balls and cock was very
difficult. They were incredibly sensitive and the latex clinging to them
did not help. Rushing now to see where all this was leading I powdered
up my arms and slid them in the sleeves. Quickly I pulled on the ribbon
attached to the back zip and tugged it closed.

Fumbling at the keyboard in the latex gloves I asked "Next?"

"Is the suit just the way you want it on?" she asked in reply.

Posing for the camera I did a slow turn and typed "Yes, now what's next.
My balls are throbbing something fierce and I need to get some relief soon."

"Painful?"

"Not painful just like I really, really need to cum. Soon, please."

"Attach
the wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs. Make them tight but not tight enough to
cut off your circulation. Then lock them on, you do have the envelope marked
keys right?"

"Got the keys right here, locking on the cuffs now." I made sure to
put them on tight and lock each one on in view of the web-cam so she could
see.

“What
about the collar?” I typed when that was done.

“Getting impatient?” She typed on my screen. “Don’t worry that’s next,
put on the collar but when you lock it on make sure the hasp of the padlock
goes through the collar and the zipper pull too.”

She was locking me into the suit, this was an interesting scene. I patted
the envelope marked keys to reassure myself I could eventually get out.
In for a penny in for a pound I thought as I fumbled the fifth lock into
place and snapped it closed.

“One last lock left, what’s left?” I asked.

“I know that suit of yours has a three way zipper to give access to
your fun bits. Place the sixth lock through the two zipper pulls” was her
reply.

“But if I do that how will I get relief?” I questioned.

“I’m waiting.” was her response.

Standing again so she could see I locked the final padlock through the
two pulls.

"Very good, how does it all feel?" was her only comment.

I took stock for a moment and typed back "Well I am now locked into
my latex suit and I don't think I have been this hard and turned on in
my entire life. What happens next?"

"Do you think you could cum like this?"

"I'd be happy to try."

"Do so and make sure I can see it in the camera."

I was more then happy to obey that order. Leaning back in the chair
and in view of the camera, I tried to get a grip on myself. I couldn't
do it! The latex on my hands and covering my shaft would not let me get
a grip. I tried stroking myself on the sides and top and was definitely
fully aroused. But I could not get off this way and the ‘Gates of Hell’
around my privates was keeping me so hard I ached.

After a few minutes of frustration and further efforts I typed "Hope
you enjoyed the show, but I can't cum!"

"LOL, then it worked."

"What do you mean it worked?!"

"Well when I was reading about ball bondage it said that it would keep
you hard and frustrated. Then I was thinking if I had you put your suit
over that you wouldn't be able to get off at all. It seems to have worked
perfectly."

"So now you have me hard and horny and unable to cum, but why?" I typed
while reaching for the envelope with the keys.

"Those won't do you any good."

A horrible suspicion crossed my mind as I tore open the envelope. I
held them up in front of my face, blanks! The keys were uncut, they would
not open anything.

"The keys for these locks?"

"At my house" she typed "I'll expect you soon, if I don’t see you in
20 minutes I’ll be out shopping when you finally arrive."

I sat stunned at the keyboard as she logged off. At her house? How could
I get over to her house. She was only 15 minutes away, a quick jaunt down
the freeway. But it might as well be the dark side of the moon! Dressed
head to toe in skintight black latex. My obviously rampant hard-on visible
under the latex. Locks at ankles, wrist and neck, I wouldn't get 20 feet
out the door before someone called the cops. I couldn't get out of this
outfit by myself, so what could I do. The constant ache coming from my
privates was driving me mad and I needed to think. But I had no time to
think. If I couldn’t get out quickly, by the time I got over there she
would be gone.

Maybe I could disguise myself somehow. That was it, I could put clothes
over the top and hide the suit and other things.. I went to my closet and
pulled my leather pants, jacket and boots out. I would be sweating like
a pig under all this gear, but it couldn't be helped. I put on my motorcycle
helmet and grabbed the keys to my bike. Checking myself in the mirror with
the helmet on I couldn't see any of the latex showing except for my neck
and the lock on the collar. But that would be mostly hidden once I was
crouched over the handlebars.

I went out through the garage and backed the bike down the driveway.
Closing the door and starting the bike had sweat pouring down the inside
of my suit. I climbed on the bike and started down the road. The vibration
from the bike was not helping my need to get some relief from the device
on my balls. The only good thing was the wind was cooling me off slightly
and I was not heating up like I had worried about.

It was only 8:45 or so on a Saturday morning so traffic was light. At
first I raced down the highway until I saw a police officer merging onto
the ramp. There was no way I could afford to get pulled over in this outfit.
I slowed down immediately and pulled into the slow lane. In my helmet I
cursed my bad luck and prayed for some relief. Luckily he stayed on the
freeway while I pulled off and it was a short trip to her apartment from
the ramp. I pulled into her driveway at 9:00 and raced to her doorway.

Ringing the doorbell I waited for her to open the door. When it did
open, it stopped at barely a crack. I could see her looking out past the
door chain.

 "Who is it?" I heard her voice say with more then a hint of laughter
in it.

"You know who it is." I said opening the visor so she could hear my
reply.

"Take off your helmet I really can't hear you with it on." she was practically
giggling by now.

I knew that she would just keep asking if I refused and by now I was
practically hunched over in need and I was starting to heat up again. I
fumbled my helmet off and stood there with the latex suit peeking out and
the locked collar around my neck silently praying her neighbors were late
sleepers.

"Please let me in." I begged

"Oh it's you" she acted surprised. Shutting the door I heard the chain
slid open and then the door opened all the way. "You made good time getting
here, were you in a hurry?"

"As if you didn't know. Now please help me!" I had stepped into her
living room and immediately ripped my jacket off and sat on her sofa tugging
at my boots and pants. She was holding her sides and laughing by the time
I was done. When I was down to just the latex suit I lay there panting
a minute trying to cool off. She had me get up and led me to her shower
and turned the water on full cold. Even through the latex it felt so good
and helped lower my body heat. She had me step out and then toweled me
off. When she reached my still raging hard on she made an effort to make
me cum but she was unable to do it through the latex also. All of which
only served to make me all the more desperate to get some sort of relief.

"Although I appreciate the cold shower and I am feeling better, why
not just let me out?" I was trying to remain calm but by now my hard on
had lasted well over 45 minutes and I was beginning to worry.

"You are still under my orders." Was her answer as she led me to her
bedroom. "Lay down on the bed, spread eagle".

Too tired and sore to argue I did as I was told. Soon she had opened
each of the locks reattaching them one by one to chains at the four corners
of the bed. Clicking them closed again and placing the keys on a side table.
She then went to her closet and pulled out her "toy chest" as she jokingly
referred to it. It was a small footlocker where she kept all her bondage
toys. She pulled something out that I could not see and hid it behind her
back as she turned back to the bed.

"Close your eyes" she purred softly.

Hoping
this was the last surprise of the day I closed my eyes. She inserted a
rubbery ball into my mouth and strapped some belts around my head and lower
jaw. Soon it was fastened tight and I could not make more then grunting
noises. But she was not through yet I could hear a zipper being opened
and she tugged something rubbery over my head. It hugged my head tightly
and had no eyeholes, just nose holes. My head now enclosed in tight thick
latex and my mouth stuffed full of rubber I awaited my fate.

I could barely hear her through the hood as she asked "Comfy?"

I grunted in reply, which she could translate as she wanted.

"Well how do you like your bondage so far?" she asked rhetorically "Earlier
you asked how long I had been planning this and I must admit for awhile
actually. Ever since you got this latex suit of yours several months back.
After you got it from Erosboutique I visited their site. I saw all the
neat toys they had and started making my plans. I was just waiting for
you to give me an opening and when you started talking about bondage on
the phone the other day it was the perfect chance. You see I like the way
latex looks and the way it clings to your body."

As she was talking I could feel her rubbing something all over my body.
“I especially like the way it looks when you are helplessly tied down.
Like my own private human rubber toy.”

"Right now I am polishing your suit with a special liquid shine." She
explained "There you go, very shiny and oh so sexy. Whoops I seem to have
missed a spot or two."

She promptly started shining my crotch, rubbing as hard as she could.
I struggled against my bonds, the intensity of the sensation driving me
mad. The bondage on my balls and the tight latex conspiring to keep me
hard as a rock and yet denying me sweet release. I felt like I would go
mad soon, the erotic pressure building inside me. She climbed off the bed
for a second and I wondered how much longer this could go on before I was
damaged either mentally or physically.

Climbing onto the bed between my legs she said loudly enough for me
to hear clearly. "I just wanted a picture or two of you all shined up.
Time to give you a little relief though. Now hold still I’ll just be a
minute.”

She was doing something with the padlock at the zipper pulls that could
give access to his manhood. Suddenly I felt air on my groin and she reached
into the latex and pulled my shaft into the air. "My what a lovely shade
of purple." she commented.

I sensed her sliding off the bed and wondered what was next. I couldn’t
hear what she was doing but with my cock waving in the wind like a flagpole
it hardly mattered. After what seemed like an eternity I felt her climb
back on the bed.

She stroked my shaft and slowly placed her mouth over the tip. Licking,
teasing and driving me even madder with desire. Soon she had most of my
shaft deep in her mouth and was driving me rapidly to the brink of no return.
I came in a huge gout and she continued to suck until I was spent and gasping
for air. The small nostril holes in the hood on my head barely allowing
me to suck enough oxygen into my lungs.

Well I thought, that was the most intense mind blowing orgasm of my
life. I tried to relax my muscles and concentrate on drawing air into my
lungs while I waited for her to unlock me.. She climbed off the bed and
apparently went into the bathroom. I grunted into my gag and wiggled my
body as much as I could. I heard the water running and waited until she
returned. My ball ached and were incredibly tender. Feeling her on the
bed again I grunted a question. She couldn't understand me but must have
known what I wanted.

"While the ‘Gates of Hell’ remain in place around your balls you will
not go soft anytime soon. Now that you finally have cum they will deflate
a bit and let the blood pump in and out a bit. So there is no danger, as
long as you don't get excited again too soon."

I grunted again and shook my hands.

She replied to the grunt "Oh you probably want out now?"

I shook my head as much as I could in a yes motion.

"Silly boy that was just the first round, I still need to have some
fun." she replied while stroking my shaft. "After all we have all day to
play."

2004
