---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hand Made by Robots
authors:
- Shmarmy
tags:
- Machine/f
- kidnap
- bond
- electro
- bodymod
- latex
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2009-06-27 00:00:00
---

The sun had just set over the verdant hills of Sunway Drive, casting a crimson glare among the houses. Kate sat in her living room half watching the television, however most of her attention was on the clock. 
8:15 PM 
The reason being two days prior, she received an anonymous email with only two pieces of information: 
18/11/2008 - 9:00PM 
That was today!! 
Kate was a beautiful woman, with sparkling chocolate brown eyes, long blonde hair and a figure that could have a man begging. She was tall and slim, with 32DD boobs, and an equally juicy ass to match. She had established relationships with a few men over the years, but after Chris she had given up.

Chris was a freak, he was into all sorts of weird and bizarre sexual fantasies that Kate wanted no part of; so she left him. That was two weeks before the email. Could Chris if emailed her? He wasn't the sort to threaten Kate, but he was very irregular. 
Time trickled by, like an evil demon taunting it's prey. Kate grew more anxious. It was a quarter to nine! What was going to happen? Was she going to die? Who was coming? She started to panic, and began to hyperventilate. Then it dropped, this was planned! Kate was prone to panic attacks resulting in unconsciousness for a good hour or so. The room faded, casting shadows that seemed to mock her predicament. Then she fainted. 
Lights shone brightly, blinding her vision. She tried to shield herself with her hands but she could not move them. Kate lay back, and blinked heavily; allowing herself to adjust to the light. As she woke from her nightmare she came to realize that she was not at home, nor was the light artificial. 
She was in a small square room (5 meters by 5 meters), decorated with neutral coloured tiles. On one of the walls was a large steel door that had been left open, the morning sun beaming golden rays onto Kate's face; extenuating her features. She was wearing a black jumpsuit, similar to ones worn by prisoners. Kate was lying on a futuristic bed, her hands and feet were locked in steel clasps, there was a digital clock on the wall that read: 3:00 
"Hello!?" Kate called. 
Suddenly a computerized voice echoed through the room, startling Kate. 
"Hello Kate, welcome to your life enrichment programme. I am a Genetic Lifeform and Disc Operated System (GLaDOS). I will be instructing you over the course of the programme. Please note I can answer questions and do respond to voice." 
"What are you doing to me!?" Kate screamed, fighting against her bonds; it was fruitless. 
"I am instructing you through your life enrichment course. Time for your first test. When you hear the bleep you have three minutes to escape, if you do you may walk free. However if you do not the door will close, and only open once your enrichment programme has been completed" 
\*bleep\* 
The clock began to count down, Kate started to panic. But she can't, not now; she had to beat this. 
2:20 
She began to struggle, sweat was beginning to line her brow. Her gyrating figure struggling to break the bonds was a very sexual sight. Her curves enhanced by the suns rays.
1:13 
Kate gave up as tears began to well up in her eyes. The metal clamps had not even been hindered by her attempts of freedom. She closed her eyes and waited for the clock to count down. 
3 
2 
1 
A short claxon sounded and the steel door hissed shut, as the locks clunked indefinitely; sending a wave of icy cold fear through Kate body. 
"Sadly you have not successfully escaped, therefore to ensure you follow instructions you must be punished".

Kate franticly looked at the clock when all of a sudden a crippling orgasm flared through her shaven pussy! Her clit and labia were vibrating due to the power of the orgasm. This however was more pain than pleasure. Kate screamed, unable to do anything as she was still bound. Then it stopped, she whimpered in horror as her pussy slowly calmed down. 
       
"Now, follow all instructions. Gumming without permission leads to punishment. As does failure to comply with the rules." 
"What rul... I don't understand! What is going on?" Kate pleaded GLaDOS for answers. 
"This is your life enrichment programme" there was a pause "unlocking binds in three, two, one." 
The steel shackles hissed, clicked open then retracted. Kate jumped up and instantly unzipped her crotch. Her pussy was wired with four small electrodes either side of her labia, they appeared to be fused to her skin! Kate began to cry. What had happened? Had Chris done this? So many questions. 
"Please remove your jump suit." 
Kate stared quizzically at the clock, which seemed to be the source of the voice. Then again her pussy ignited into orgasm, more powerfully this time. Sending waves of extreme pleasure/pain through her body; she felt as if her clit were going to burst. She couldn't take any more! Then it stopped. 
"Remove your jumpsuit" she did not wish to go through that again, so she shakily unzipped it and stood naked. Her large breasts and sexual curves were gorgeous, if only she could appreciate it. 
"Place the gag in your mouth." 
"What gag?" 
All of a sudden, one of the tiles tilted and inside the pocket was a stainless steel ball gag; with heavy duty straps two and two padlocks - but no keys! Unwilling to endure the orgasm torture she place the gag over her head fitting the ball comfortably. She then tightened the straps, and locked the padlocks accordingly. Trapped. 
"Good, a test subject does not ask questions. Now, put on the pants." 
Another tile rotated, revealing a pair of latex pants with inflatable extras adorning the corresponding holes. The top of the pants sported a metal locking belt. Kate applied the pants. Inserting the inflatable's into her ass and pussy. She had become a submissive, there was no going back; this was real. She then clicked the lock, sealing her into the pants. Then is struck her, what if she needed a piss? As if reading her thoughts: 
"Urine needs are obsolete, you simply urinate where you stand. Now, please place the breast harness on and pump it to the maximum." 
Another tile revealed an '8' shaped harness, with straps and a steel lock to secure the back. The '8' was made of rubber. She placed it over her tits and locked it into place, then began pumping. It began to constrict her boobs, making her nipples erect and her tits turn blue. Suddenly the inflation pump popped off, but the harness remained hard. 
"Please lay on the bed, placing your hands and feet in the corresponding locks"

\* \* \*

Kate laid on the bed with apprehension. What was about to happen? Was she about to be locked into eternal bondage? As these thoughts raced through her mind like bad memories, another bad memory sparked into reality. Her pussy flared into overdrive. This was not pleasure, this hurt. The orgasm was so intense she collapsed; and began shaking uncontrollably, she couldn't take any more, her felt as if it were on fire! Ejaculate began spraying out, lubricating the floor, she held her pussy to calm it but the intensity created a blur! Then it stopped.

Kate began to cry, her groin area was sore; she realised that the more punishments she received the duration and intensity increased. Without giving GLaDOS another chance to torture her Kate sat on the bed, still naked, retying her hands and feet in the respective shackles. They hissed shut and locked.

"Back support in 3,2,1."

Another mechanical hiss and a padded leather backrest rose up at a 45 degree angle. Kate rested against it, as she did so metal belts shot round her sexual body, rendering movement impossible. 
"The next test is a step to a far greater cause. Please relax and try not to panic" GLaDOS commanded.

As if from a sci-fi film, a roof tile retracted and lowered a machine. It was a huge metallic extractor. Protruding from the side facing Kate were two long tubes; attached in an 'X' shape. On the end of the 'X' were two suction capsules. Kate knew what was coming. They were going to pump up her nipples and suck the juices right out of them, effectively milking her!

Kate tried to speak but the gag prevented it. She struggled against her binds but it was useless. As the machine lines itself with her tits, it moved forward until both vacuum capsules were on her nipples. Then the extractor revved into life, Kate let out a little yelp. The suction began immediately, pumping her nipples up; further extenuating her large boobs which were already made bigger my the '8' shaped boob strap.

It was actually quite pleasurable, Kate knew she should not be enjoying this; however she did. If only she knew what was to come. The machine stepped up a gear, instantly her nipples released milk filling the chambers. As they did do, her nipples 'orgasmed'! As soon as it had come, the machine retracted back into the roof and her binds were released. 
"Congratulations, phase 1 is complete" 
"Could Kate go home now?" she asked.
"Unfortunately no. Phase 2 commencing. Inflate the anal and vaginal pant probes".

She did as instructed just like the boob ring, once they had inflated fully, the pump popped off. 
"Activating vaginal and anal probes."

Suddenly her ass and pussy began to vibrate. Her intruders were slowly fucking her, causing a very weak orgasm. Kate moaned into her gag, what as happening? She still did not know. 
"Place on the catsuit then lay on the bed". 
As if by magic another tile revolves to reveal a thick black latex catsuit. It was an all in one with only a zipper at the back. The hood was a heavy duty, sensory deprivation hood complete with nose holes for breathing, inflatable head and inflatable eye patches. It also adorned with heavy duty locking straps. Kate did as GLaDOS instructed, she took the liberty of pumping and locking the hood on. GLaDOS, voice came through the hood, presumably via hidden speakers 
"Well done, you are learning. Lay on the bed an await my instruction." 
Kate did so, but did not understand the severity of the last move. As she lay still a special laser was sealing the zip, creating an inescapable cat suit. Kate was trapped, gagged, hooded, vibed and wired! The only means of opening the suit was the breast zips. 
"Please place your hands and feet in the corresponding locks"

Kate did so, she thought that if she impressed GLaDOS, maybe she could go! The steel restraints hissed shut, and the back support rose. The machine entered the room again, this was all too familiar; it must be nearly over! It moved forward, unzipping the zips with magnets. Once again the capsules vacuumed her nipples but only enough to stay on. 
"We used your initial sample to replicate 1 gallon of breast filler. We will now pump up your breast to a size 30FF" 
Kate could not believe what she was hearing. But it happened none the less. Filler was forced down the tubes at such a rate her boobs began to inflate. Bigger and bigger. Kate couldn't see this but her boobs were now the size of beach balls! Then the machine stopped. From another tile above Kate, came a pair of inflatable rubber boobs. They were placed over hers, then a laser sealed them. 
"Your enrichment programme is almost at an end, please lie flat on the table"

The locks hissed open and the back rest lowered. Then 2 tiles retracted to reveal half a rubber catsuit, but no ordinary catsuit. It was made of thick rubber, 5 cm thick! The head region was a mask with Kate's face superimposed onto it; then cartoonized. As it lowered the nostril tubes on the mask slipped through the nostrils on the rubber half, leaving a flush edge.

With this in place the bed began to heat up, loosening the rubber underneath Kate. She tried to move but was stopped by the rubber casing. Then powerful vacuums forced the rubber to vacuum tight around the other half of her body, the heat also fused the two together, sealing Kate into two very thick layers of rubber. 
The robots had turned her into a living rubber doll. 
"The enrichment programme is over, you shall be left to your own devices after this message, I shall shut down my system." 
Kate started to struggle, but could not move. The rubber was a prison that left literally 1 centimeter to move. She was trapped in 3 layers of rubber, with a hood, gag and vibrator on. 
"The enrichment centre would like to give you this message: 
'Hey Kate, I hope you enjoy your time. Love you always, and now I can. 
Chris' 
"Increasing vibration levels to 100%" 
Suddenly the vibrators began to bring Kate to a heart thumping orgasm. She began to scream and thrash as cum started pouring out of her pussy. Her ass was vibrating, further enhancing the orgasm. 
"My system will prevent the dildos losing power. Pussy torture device 100%" 
Her clit and labia erupted in orgasm! It was painful, but maddenly, powerful! Kate was screaming, crying, thrashing and cumming. But on the outside the doll did not move or make noise. Cum began to fill the crotch of the doll. Would Kate drown in her own ejaculate? 
"Thank you for participating in this Life Enrichment Programme, goodbye."

GLaDOS shut down her system, however keeping the dildos vibrating. Kate was trapped inside layers on thick rubber, receiving uncontrollable orgasms; that are already begging to hurt! She was chumming every minute and could not move an inch. She was trapped. 
But forever?!!

You can leave feedback for the author on the [boundforum](http://www.boundforum.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=8941)
