---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/command_phrase.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Command Phrase
authors:
- Wizard54
tags:
- Sbf
- mc
- caught
- cons
- X
date: 2006-11-12 00:00:00
---

I was sure it was going to be a boring
two weeks.  It was 8:00AM and my wife and her sister had just left for a two
week vacation.  Our kids were either at college or had their own place so it was
the first time ever where there was not going to be anyone around but me for two
whole weeks.  What the hell am I going to do for two weeks.

So I make some coffee, grab the
newspaper and head to the porch for a nice relaxing morning.  While I having the
coffee Miriam, my neighbor, comes out of the house.  Miriam is a nice girl,
early thirty with a great personality and a nice body not that anyone would know
since she dresses very conservative.  But not today.  She is dressed in a VERY
short skirt and heels.  Man I never realized she had such great legs.  I say
hello and she waves back, she is in a hurry too go somewhere.  She get in her
car but it looks like it won’t start.  She keeps trying for about 5 minutes and
opens the hood looks around.  At this point I figure it’s time to help out and
walk down to see if I can help.  I notice the problem right away, looks like one
of the neighborhood kids has stuck a potato in the exhaust.  I figure with the
way she is dressed I might as well get a couple of peeks as she leans over the
hood.  I don’t know why I didn’t just tell her about the potato but thought with
the wife away I might as well spend some time talking with Miriam.

Something is not right with her and it
is more than her dress.  She keeps looking at her watch and when I offered her a
ride she looked a little panicked to get somewhere that she must have thanked me
twenty times.  She tells me she only has to go to the pet store and Sears.  I
start to drive her to the pet store and start a conversation by asking what she
need there since she has no pets.  She tells me that her and Tom are thinking of
getting an aquarium.   She said she was going today to get some stuff and maybe
get is all set up for when Tom gets back on Friday.  Apparently Tom was going to
be out of town for the week.  As she is getting out of the car she pulls a list
from her bag and closes the door.  I notice something fall out of her bag but
she has closed the door and is on the way into the pets store before I can get
her attention.  Looks like she dropped a tape recorder.  Well I am nosey so I
decide to listen to the tape.

If I thought the way she was dressed was
weird then the tape recorder was really wild.  When I press rewind then play I
hear one of her girlfriends, Katie, with the weirdest message.

It begins with “RED KEY.  Well Miriam,
with Tom away for a week how would you like to really explore your wild side”.
Like Miriam has a wild side!  Katie then continues “Since you, Janet, and I
agreed not to use the secret ‘COMMAND PHRASE’ without permission from the others
you have until I count back from five to stop the tape or I will use our
‘COMMAND PHRASE’ and give you a couple of commands that will really make for a
wild weekend.  Remember since we created this ‘COMMAND PHRASE’ ourselves as part
of the Psychology class last year once we hear the  ‘COMMAND PHRASE’ we have to
obey the commands.  One phrase for all of us and we are completely powerless to
disobey any command given.  Remember when you had me strip naked and do jumping
jacks any time you or Janet said ‘Bimbo’.  I wanted to kill you when we went to
the ladies room in the mall and you said it.  No matter how hard I tried I had
to strip and jump till you let me stop.  Well I let you do it then so now it’s
up to you.  Ready…

5……4……3…..2…..1

0268-517-460

Here are your commands.

1)     
Dress in the shortest shirt you can find.  It should show your whole ass
if you bend over. Cut a skirt if you have to.

2)     
NO UNDERWEAR

3)     
Go to the pet store and but three dog collars and make sure they are ¾” -
1’’ wide

a.      
One is for your neck

b.     
Two are for your ankles

4)     
Next go to Sears and get the following

a.      
One length of HARD plastic pipe at least 48” long and 1 ½” round

b.     
Two end caps for the pipe

c.      
Two Eyebolts w/ four large washers (1”) and four nuts for the eyebolts

d.     
Pipe Cement

e.      
Two lengths of chain (One about 3’ and on 2’)

f.       
Four good locks that are keyed alike.

5)     
Go back home and leave all your doors unlocked

6)     
As soon as you enter your house STRIP OFF EVERYTHING

7)     
Now for some work.

a.      
Get those police handcuffs you used at the Halloween party last year
where we were the Keystone Cops. It’s good that you like authentic props and
bought a set for each of us.

b.     
Place the a handcuff key and the lock keys on a small chain and put it
around your neck in front.

c.      
Put on the collars you just bought

d.     
Drill a hole in the end of each cap so you can put the eyebolt through.

e.      
Place a nut then a washer on the end cap. Screw it all the way to the
loop

f.       
Put the bolt through the end cap and then another washer and bolt.
Tighten

g.      
Now get a tape measure and measure how far you can spread your legs

h.      
Cut the pipe 4” longer than that measurement

i.        
Cement the end caps to the pipe.

j.       
Take the 4’ length of chain and lock it with one lock to the eyebolt in
your ceiling that was for hanging heavy plants in the corner between the two
windows.

k.     
Lock one ankle to each end of the pipe you made.

l.        
Lock the handcuff to your left hand

m.    
Take the last lock and put it through your collar

n.      
Now get on your toes and lock your collar to the chain from the ceiling

 

Now for your final
commands……

1)     
Lock your right hand in the handcuffs behind your back

2)     
You are now free of my commands provided:

a.      
You get loose before anyone touches your tit.  If someone touches your
tit you are their slave until 6:00AM Monday.

3)     
At 6:00AM Monday you will forget everything from the moment I said ‘RED
KEY’.

 

Have fun……..

 

I think I will have to go into Sears
with Miriam to see what she buys.  This could be a very good weekend.  My plans
are already forming.  First thing I need is another tape recorder.

Sure as shit, Miriam buys everything she
was told.  I buy another tape recorder.  Once I drop off Miriam I make my own
recording.  I say ‘RED KEY’ and then begin playing the other tape from the
‘COMMAND PHRASE’ since if I can get Miriam to play the tape for the other girls
I will have three girls for the weekend or longer…..

It’s about 11:00 and I decide it’s time
to see if this is going to be a great weekend so I head over to Miriam’s.  I
knock on the back door, No Answer not that I expected one since Miriam, thanks
to Katie, can’t talk.  I check the door it’s open, again thank you Katie.  I go
in and walk quietly to the living room.  If Miriam finds me I will just say I was
returning the tape.  I head to the living room and there she is legs spread,
hands locked behind her back and a chain to the ceiling holding her in place. 
She is REALLY not happy to see me.  I show her the tape player and she is now in
a major panic since she knows I know her secret.  As I reach out my hand she knows
I can doing anything I want as I reach to touch her she remembers if I touch her
tit she will be my slave till Monday.  She is shaking her head “NO”..”NO”.  I
never realized how hot she was until just now and I decided to touch her tit.

Not much time so I say the ‘COMMAND
PHRASE’ and give her one very simple command.

WHEN KATIE & JANET ENTER YOUR HOUSE PUSH
PLAY ON THIS TAPE PLAYER.

In about an hour I will have three slave
for at least the weekend. 

And I thought I was going to be bored.

More to come………
