---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/novel_idea2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Novel Idea 2
authors:
- Tied2achair
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- D/s
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**A Novel Idea**](novel_idea.html))_

_A Novel Idea 2
by Tied2achair
A Friend In Need By T.S. FESSELN_

_He spent the night struggling in his silk cocoon as she spent the night
enjoying the warmth of his body and thrill of what’s to come. She awoke
at 7:30 to prepare her slaves torment for the day. She wanted him immobile
and aware of his peril. She wanted to make a statement as to say to him
I am the spider and you are the fly. So she began creating a web between
two polls in her basement she first tied a piece horizontal at the top
of the poll and one at the bottom then she attached lengths of ropes vertical
every few inches till she had what resembled a prison cell front made out
of rope then she tied the rope horizontal again from one poll to another
but this time she weaved it making a rope web for her slave to lay against;
And feel her power._

_While his captor was busy spinning her web he awoke to the pain of the
nipple clamps and the dry taste in his mouth from the ball gag. He tried
to remember the first time he ever was tied up and how he came to this
point in his life. He remembered the games of cowboys and Indians when
he was a kid and how he loved to be tied to the tree by his sister friends.
He also remembered how he used to play batman and pretend cat woman captured
him and tied him up. But then he realized that the bondage of his youth
were clotheslines or scarf’s he had gotten as Christmas gifts not the steel
handcuffs biting into his wrists or the rubber ball gag in his mouth. He
sighed and moaned as he realized just how far he came on his journey to
submission and how good it felt to be helpless and with that he realized
that there was freedom in bondage, the freedom to give in and let go._

_She completed her handy work with the web, made a cup a coffee and headed
back to her bedroom to introduce her new pet to his new life. She stopped
off by her closet and picked up a shoebox and returned to his side. She
removed his blindfold and looked into his eyes he was frightened and yet
calm. She knew that he was enjoying his captivity. She pulled out what
looked like a cock harness and proceeded to wrap it around his cock and
balls she undid his legs and produced a pair of leather ankle cuffs and
placed them around his feet she then removed his nipple clamps and pointed
to the bathroom and told him to do his business and clean himself up. 
He looked at himself still gagged and handcuffed in the mirror shook his
head and returned to his mistress. She attached a leash to the cock and
ball harness and led him to the basement._

_When he looked in the mirror he saw a naked man in handcuffs and a bright
red gag in his mouth the black cock harness brought his cock and balls
to stand outright. And the collar kept his chin up high. He thought about
the porno films he used to watch late at night or the magazines he would
look at when he was alone. The man in the mirror was anyone but him. The
reality of his situation did not hit him until he moved his hands up to
dry his face and he saw the handcuffs where actually on his wrists and
the ball gag he was touching was actually in his mouth._

_She led him into the basement slowly he stopped for a second as he saw
the web. She pulled him silently till his back was touching the web. She
quickly attached the leash of the cock harness to a poll behind the web
making it impossible for him to escape. She then proceeded to weave the
ropes around him as to sandwich him in the web and make it impossible for
him to move. After about 30 minutes of weaving her web she stopped and
admired her handy work._

_He didn’t know what the web was at first it looked like a cargo net.
Maybe she was going to tie his hands and feet to it spread-eagle and whip
him. Never in a hundred million years did he think that he would become
part of the web: every part of his body from his far head to his feet where
bound tightly. Upon this realization he let go and two drops of cum hit
the floor._

_She saw the cum hitting the floor and realized that she had succeeded
in his submission and he was now ready to begin his training. She spoke
for the first time that morning._

_“Good morning slave” she said “you will remain in that web for the next
five hours and contemplate what it means to be a slave and realize that
you are mine forever”. He grunted, she turned, shut the lights and left._

_Forever is an awful long time for that matter so is five hours he though.
Perhaps she was the one he was searching for and with that another drop
of cum dripped to the floor and with that he relaxed and realized that
maybe forever was not long enough._

_To be continued._

_05.09.03_

_story continues in [**A Novel Idea 3**](novel_idea3.html)

o0o
