---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/machine/storieslr/machine4.html
subcategory: Devoured Stories
title: The Machine Part 4
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- F/ff
- machine/fff
- D/s
- latex
- catsuit
- straitjacket
- wrap
- mum
- encase
- casket
- entomb
- cons
- X
date: 2005-08-06 00:00:00
---

It's probably a good idea to read
the previous machine stories, to get an idea of how the device works (which
is not covered here). And in case you're wondering, this
story does not feature permenant encasment.

**The Machine 4 by Darkraptor1**
**Based off an original idea by
Naughtylittlegirl**

It was a dark and stormy Friday
night. The dark clouds covered the night sky, sending down torrents of
rain upon the earth below.

There was a building, not far away
from town, that was getting most of the downpour.

It was an old house, quaint and
charming, built in the Victorian style made popular in gothic novels. Lights
shone through the windows, giving the double story house the impression
of a safe haven.

But only a select few could enter
this haven. Ten-foot tall concrete walls topped with barbed wire surrounded
the entire house. A great steel gate, made of the highest quality steel,
barred the entrance to those who wished to enter.

For those who knew the passwords
required for entry, they would offer pleasure beyond all imagining inside.

If they were a woman of course.

The living room of the house was
cozy and warm, safely insulated from the pounding thunderstorm outside.
There were three attractive women sitting in soft and cushy leather chairs,
colored a sexy shiny black.

One of the women fidgeted anxiously,
not sure if she should speak. Finally, her curiosity got the better of
her.

“Mistress Maria?” She asked. “Why
have you called us here? The suspense is killing me!”

Mistress Maria, an incredibly beautiful
woman of thirty years, smiled at Marsha’s inquiry. “Well, I was going to
tell you in a few seconds, but since you talked out of line, a punishment
is in order.”

Marsha grinned. “Oh goody.” She
giggled. “What will it be? A time out in the straightjacket cage? An hour
or two in the coffin?”

“No.” Maria said, smiling at her
slave’s eagerness to be punished. “Because I’m in a good mood, I’ll go
easy on you.”

Pressing a button on a remote control
she carried, a small hole appeared in the ceiling. A chain was lowered
until it was above Marsha’s chair.

Maria got up and took out a pair
of black colored handcuffs. Marsha let out a little squeal and instantly
thrust her arms forward, offering them to her Mistress.

Maria came over and quickly clasped
the cuffs around Marsha’s wrists, making sure the locks were done tightly.
With Marsha grinning ear to ear, Mistress Maria took the cuffs and attached
them to the dangling chain. With a press of the button, the chain went
up slowly, forcing Marsha’s arms above her head.

When her arms were straight up,
Mistress Maria pressed the button and the chain stopped, so that Marsha was
still sitting in the chair, but with her arms above her head.

“Now no talking, or I’ll be forced
to gag you.” Mistress Maria warned. Marsha nodded and let out a contented
sigh, listening to the clinking chain that held her arms up.

“Now,” Mistress Maria said as she
picked up a cup of tea. “Let’s get down to business. Thank you both for
coming on such short notice.” Marsha nodded and her fellow slave Anne did
the same.

“I assure you that this weekend
will be well worth your while. I found an item recently in my monthly bondage
catalog that I found quite intriguing. I ordered it and it arrived yesterday.
I think both of you will love it.”

With that, she walked over to the
closet door nearby and opened it. Reaching inside, she took hold of something
and wheeled it out.

There was a loud clap of thunder
as the device came into view. It was a large silver cylinder shaped contraption,
tall and wide enough to hold three fully grown men within it. There was
a computer terminal attached to one of the sides, and there was a sliding
door that was currently closed.

Anne raised her hand. “Yes slave
Anne?” Mistress Maria asked.

“Mistress,” Anne asked curiously.
“What is that?

Mistress Maria smiled. “It is simply
called…The machine.”

There was another loud clasp of
thunder as the devices name was spoken. “This machine is a bondage enthusiasts
dream.” Mistress Maria continued. “It is capable of binding and containing
a living human being for a selectable amount of time. You can select for
someone or something to be bound a day, a week, a year, or…” She grinned
devilishly. “…For the rest of their lives.”

Mistress Maria snapped her fingers.
There was the sound of a bell ringing as a small dog walked into the room,
wearing what appeared to be a miniature latex suit. “I will demonstrate
for you.”

Mistress Maria kneeled before her
dog. “Come on Mr. Jinx.” She smiled. “Go on inside!” The dog smiled and
quickly trotted over to the door. Mistress Maria opened it and the dog went
inside. The door was closed.

Mistress Maria turned her attention
to the computer terminal in front of her. “Mr. Jinx has tried this already,”
she said as she pressed some buttons. “So he will be fine.”

Pressing a large red button, Mistress
Maria stepped a few steps away from the machine. It didn’t move, but Slaves
Marsha and Anne could her a steady humming noise. There was a viewscreen
set into the cylinder, but it was off.

Finally, after five minutes, the
machine stopped humming. The door was slowly opened, and Mistress Maria went
over. She bent down and picked up something. Turning around, she displayed
Mr. Jinx to her slaves.

But Mr. Jinx could not be seen.
In Mistress Maria’s arms, there was a tightly wrapped bundle about the size
of a basketball, but vaguely dog shaped. It was as if Mr. Jinx had been
wrapped up as an Egyptian mummy.

“This is Mr. Jinx, after a ride
in the machine.” Mistress Maria said, grinning as she looked at Marsha and
Anne’s startled faces. “He is cocooned in these wrappings, mummified if
you will. He is unharmed, simply immobilized and unable to move.”

Mistress Maria glanced at the computer
display. “Because I set for him to be mummified for five minutes, he should
pop out any time now.”

Indeed, after four minutes had passed,
the bandages imprisoning Mr. Jinx began to disintegrate. After thirty seconds,
the body of Mr. Jinx was revealed as the last remains of the bandages slid
off his form. The dog instantly looked up at his
mistress and licked her face happily.

“There we are.” Mistress Maria said
as she cuddled her pet. “None the worst for wear. He’s fine.”

Slave Anne raised her hand again.
“Yes?” Mistress Maria said.

“Mistress, how did the bandages come
off like that?”

“These bandages contain smart chips.”
Mistress Maria explained. “The very latest technology. After the selected
time has passed, they will begin to self-distruct, destroying the bindings
around them, but leaving the trapped being unharmed.”

“If a being is contained for longer
periods of time.” Mistress Maria continued, “then we simply hook up the additional
life support system. The subject is placed into specially constructed coffins
and connected to a gas feeding system.”

Mistress Maria pointed to several
silver coffins propped up in the closet. Slaves Marsha and Anne began to
tremble with excitement as they began to image what was going to happen.

Mistress Maria put Mr. Jinx down,
who instantly went and sat in a vacant chair. “I have used this device
on Mr. Jinx.” She said. “But I have not yet used it on a human.”

She grinned. “Who want’s to guess
what the two of you are here for?” Her two slaves let out a huge smile.

There was a particularly large thunderclap
an hour later, loud even from the basement of the house, where slave Marsha
was finishing up on getting prepared for her bondage.

Slave Anne finished putting the
zipper in place on Marsha’s suit. Because no body hair could be exposed
while in the machine, Marsha had to wear a full body latex cat suit. Slave
Anne and Mistress Maria each wore a suit as well. The black material shined
under the symbolic candles that had been lit in the room.

“You will be imprisoned until
Monday morning.” Mistress Maria said as she pulled the latex hood of the
suit over Marsha’s head, leaving her face exposed. “You will not be able
to move, squirm, or escape. But you will be free to explore yourself while
mummified.”

The hood was placed down and zipped
up. “Your freedom will be taken away from you, but in exchange you will
find peace and rest, along with self-contemplation while you serve your
time.”

Slave Marsha said nothing as she
was attended to. But she did smile, and her heartbeat had skyrocketed as
she thought about her upcoming imprisonment.

At last, it was time to begin. Mistress
Maria stood in front of her slave. “My beloved slave Marsha.” She said
quietly. “You are about to embark on a journey of self discovery. During
this time you will be helpless, totally dependent on me and your fellow
slave Anne. Do you want to continue?”

Marsha nodded her head, her smile
never dimming. Mistress Maria smiled, knowing that she was making her slave
happy. “We will now restrain you, and take you to your destination.”

With a snap of her fingers, slave
Anne instantly went up to Marsha and produced a pair of silver ankle manacles.
She kneeled and placed one large cuff around her latexed right ankle, snapping
it shut and locking it with a key.

As Anne applied the second cuff
to her other ankle, Marsha’s heartbeat skyrocketed. It took all her self-control
not to reach down and come.

Mistress Maria saw that coming. She
quickly pulled out a pair of gold colored handcuffs. “I am going to cuff
your arms behind your back.” She said. “Once I put these cuffs on, nothing
you say or do will change the fact that you will be locked up. Is that
clear?”

Marsha had no thoughts about trying
to escape. The thought was inconceivable. For all the pleasure and self-discovery
that she was about to go through, she wouldn’t trade this for the world.

Mistress Maria went behind Marsha
and pulled her left arm behind her. She put one cuff around her wrist and
locked it down tightly, the cuff snapping into place. A shiver of excitement
went through the woman in the suit.

Taking Marsha’s right arm, Mistress
Maria carefully pulled it behind her back and put the wrist next to the
cuffed left one. Taking the remaining cuff, she gently placed it around
the wrist, and slowly slid the cuff in. With a final, irreversible click,
the cuff was locked in place.

With Marsha’s hands safely locked
behind her back, and her ankles locked in shackles, there was only one
more piece of equipment to add.

Taking a heavy steel collar, Mistress
Maria went up to Marsha and gently placed the heavy item around her slave’s
neck. The heavy steel was placed together, and the lock tightened.

With the device sealed around Marsha’s
neck, Mistress Maria then took the long chain attached to the collar and
began to lead Marsha like a dog on a collar. Mistress Maria noticed that
Anne looked like a sad puppy dog, saddened that she was not the one locked
up.

Smiling, Mistress Maria went to her
second, beloved slave. She opened her purse and pulled out a few items.

With slave Anne cuffed and chained
behind slave Marsha, Mistress Maria lead the two of them upstairs, going
past the glowing candles in the darkened house. The bound women cheerfully
followed their Mistress, obediently walking along as fast as their ankle
cuffs would allow.

It was all an act, put on simply
for show. But all three women loved doing it, being both the locked one,
and a participant.

At last the three of them reached
the machine, which stood ready for an occupant.

Marsha was lead up to the device,
right to its sliding door. Still holding her slave’s chain, Mistress Maria
went to the computer terminal. She pressed many buttons and the display
panel lit up a bright green.

Mistress Maria walked over to slave
Anne and unchained her from Marsha. But in return, she led the cuffed woman
to the floor and chained her collar to the floor, to force Anne to assume
a sitting position, or a lying down position. Mistress Maria sometimes allowed
her slaves to choose what position they wished to lie down on.

With one slave safely locked up,
Mistress Maria turned her attention back to Marsha. Taking out her Master
key, Mistress Maria unlocked all of Marsha’s bindings, letting them drop
to the floor.

“Walk inside.” She said. “Stand
on the red panel, and listen to the music that plays.”

“Yes Mistress.” Marsha calmly said,
her excitement clearly registering on her face.

Mistress Maria pressed a button, and
the door opened. Slave Marsha obidently walked in and stood on the red
panel embedded in the floor. With a silent hiss, the door closed. The last
thing Mistress Maria saw was a wildly smiling Marsha.

Mistress Maria walked over to her
slave chained to the floor. Sitting next to her, she took Anne in her arms,
holding her close as the machine went to work, humming quietly as it began
the process of mummifying and encasing the woman inside it.

Mistress and slave watched quietly,
content to be with each other as the third member of their special family
was prepared.

Finally, after fifteen minutes,
the process was complete. A loud cheery “Ding” was heard. Mistress Maria
got up from the floor and went over to the machine.

Opening the door, she couldn’t help
but give out a surprised gasp.

Where a latex clothed woman had
walked into the machine fifteen minutes earlier, there was now a perfectly
wrapped, fully enclosed mummy standing inside the cylinder, its arms folded
in a self hug, the face sealed behind multiple layers of wrappings, with
a gag set into the mouth, complete with a tube for life supporting gasses.
No skin showed from under the tightly wrapped white bandages that encased
the living woman within. The machine had done its job perfectly.

Taking the mummy in her arms, Mistress
Maria pulled the mummified Marsha out of the machine and gently lay her
on the carpeted floor. She had to make sure that Marsha was alive. “Can
you hear me my love?” She asked.

There was no movement from the mummy
that lay on the floor. No sign of a response or reply. As slave Anne gaped
at the sight of her mummified friend, Mistress Maria checked the vital signs
displayed on the computer.

Marsha was alive and well, with
her heart beating (faster then normal, Mistress Maria noticed), and her breathing
was unblocked. Brain wave patterns showed that she was conscious and fully
aware of what was going on around her.

Marsha went back to her mummified
slave and gently scooped her arms around the mummies upper body. She held
the mummy close to her chest. “Oh my love.” She whispered as she held her
slave, “You must be having a wonderful time in there. I hope you’re happy.”

Again, there was no response from
the mummy in her arms. It must be very cozy in there, Mistress Maria thought.
It’s raining and pouring, and my lovely slave is cocooned safely in these
protective wrappings. Still holding Marsha close, Mistress Maria turned to
her other slave, still chained to the floor. “Come here you.” Mistress Maria
crooned. She pressed a button from a nearby remote, and the lock on Anne’s
collar was undone. Released from the floor, slave Anne wiggled her way
to her Mistress, snuggling up against her body.

Mistress Maria happily took Anne under
one of her arms. She held both of her precious, lovely slaves close to
her, comforting them both with her warmth and gentle hold.

They stayed that way for a while,
not caring how long they remained there. The rain calmly fell outside,
creating a lullaby with it’s sound.

Eventually, Mistress Maria sensed
something. When you had slaves for a while, even if it was only one weekend
a month, you soon become attuned to their needs and desires.

She looked down at Anne, who was
resting her head on Mistress Maria’s latex clothed leg. “You want to be wrapped
to, don’t you?” Mistress Maria asked lovingly.

Anne sleepily opened her eyes and
looked up at her Mistress. A big smile crossed her lips.

“Well, if that’s going to happen,
then let’s do it!” Gently placing Marsha on the floor, Mistress Maria unlocked
all of slave Anne’s cuffs and bindings.

When they were off, Mistress Maria
gently helped Anne to her feet, and gently led her to the machine, which
waited patiently for it’s next occupant.

“You know the drill.” Mistress Maria
said. “Stand on the red panel, and listen to the music.”

“Yes, my Mistress.” Anne replied.
As she slowly began her steps into the chamber, she paused and turned towards
her Mistress.

Anne held out her arms, silently
asking for a hug. Mistress Maria granted her wish, coming forward into her
slave’s passionate embrace.

“I love you, my Mistress.” Anne said
quietly, overcome with emotion at this monumental moment.

“I know.” Mistress Maria said lovingly
as she hugged her latex slave. “And I love you. You are my precious, my
beloved slave. I love you.”

With that, Anne quietly let go and
stood straight up in the chamber. Mistress Maria pushed the big button, and
the door silently closed. The two looked at each other lovingly, before
the door cut them off.

Mistress Maria stood as the machine
began to hum, beginning the mummification of slave Anne.

Letting the machine do its work,
Mistress Maria went back to the mummy of Marsha. She took the mummy and rested
its head on her lap. She hummed a quiet lullaby as she stroked the mummies
head.

This was a favorite pastime of hers.
As she had never had children, Mistress Maria treated her slaves as her own
children, hugging and cradling them to her, feeling the powerful nurturing
instincts that ran through her, the desire to hold and love.

Her slaves loved the treatment.
That was why they came back, month after month, year after year, for play
and rest from the hectic world. Theirs was a world all to themselves.

The quiet “ding” interrupted her
attention. Gently and tenderly laying her mummified slave on the carpet,
she went to this wonderful machine and carefully opened the door. And again,
a large smile went across her face.

As with Marsha, there was now a
fully wrapped mummy inside the machine, containing the body of a living
human being, her beloved slave Anne. The mummy stood fully upright, it’s
skin consisting of white bandages wrapped super tight around the body.
Anne’s arms were forced into a self hug, no doubt formed by the straightjacket
that had been placed on her.

Reaching into the cylinder, Mistress
Maria carefully took her newest mummy in her arms and gently pulled her
out of the machine that had mummified her while she was still alive.

Mistress Maria carried this mummy
over to the carpet, and laid her down next to the mummified Marsha.

“My slaves.” She cooed as she took
each of them under an arm. “I love you both so much. You are my beloved
children, always obeying me. I take great pleasure in taking care of you.”
She leaned close to their heads. “Just let me take care of all the work.
The two of you rest.”

The two mummies lying in her arms
gave no reply to her kind and loving words. They lay there, completely
motionless. Alive yes, and completely conscious, but completely motionless.

Mistress Maria smiled. There was one
thing she hadn’t told her two slaves before they had been wrapped and sealed.
An individual being could be kept alive in a coffin, yes. But there was
one coffin she had purchased that could keep up to three alive within it.

But there was time for that later.
Now, all Mistress Maria wanted was to be with her loved ones. She lay down
on the carpet and held her two mummies close to her body, hugging them
with her own, feeling their soft skin of bandages rubbing her flesh.

With her two living pillows supporting
her, Mistress Maria drifted off into a quiet sleep, a brief nap before the
hibernation. Her breathing was the only sound in the entire house. The
two mummies that lay with her were silent, though a very well trained eye
would see an ever-so-slight movement of the chests.

The two imprisoned slaves were happy
to be with their Mistress, whom they loved deeply, and who loved them deeply.
They knew that no matter what happened, they would be taken care of.

After roughly an hour, Mistress Maria
awoke. Midnight had come and gone, and she was still drowsy.

“But sleep will be soon.” She thought.
Before she could rest, there were things she had to do.

Placing her two mummies side by
side, she took a large comforter and placed it over the two of them, keeping
them warm. Walking to the machine, Mistress
Maria went deep into the options menu, searching, and pressing many buttons.
This was crucial. The preparations had to be very good and very accurate.
Otherwise, a good event could become a disastrous one.

After triple-checking the options
she had selected, she went into the closet and pulled out a very large
silver coffin. The inside was padded and very comfy, perfect for long-term
entombment.

Now for the tricky part. Inspecting
a large box near the sliding entrance of the machine, she saw two large
claws, capable of taking hold of a human. Good.

Next, she moved the coffin up to
the machine, and attached it to the side, making sure the lid was locked
open. It would be automatically closed later.

Going back to her two mummies, Mistress
Maria removed the comforter and put it aside. She picked up the mummy of
Anne and gently carried her over to the machine. She took one of the claws
and very gently attached it around the mummies waist.

The process was repeated with Marsha,
who did not give any sign of objection to what was happening. Both slaves
trusted their Mistress completely.

With the preparations ready, there
was one more part that Mistress Maria had to complete.

Pulling her latex hood on, Mistress
Maria calmly stepped into the machine. It had mummified her slaves. Now,
it would mummify her.

She stood on the red block set into
the floor. She looked at a panel in front of her. The door quietly closed
and locked itself. She was sealed in. Mistress Maria let out a smile.

A computer voice spoke. “Please
relax, and listen to the music.”

As the most beautiful and relaxing
music Mistress Maria had ever heard began to play, she gave a big grin. “Here
goes nothing.”

For fifteen minutes, the machine
hummed quietly, working hard at mummifying it’s captive entrusted to its
care. The mummies of Marsha and Anne stood outside the machine, silently
awaiting whatever was going to happen to them.

Finally, the machine slowly came
to a halt. The motors quietly fizzled out. The door slid open.

There was another mummy standing
inside the machine. Mistress Maria was entombed within the mummy, locked
up in cuffs, a gag, and a straightjacket that forced her arms into a self-hug.
Where she had so often locked her slaves up, so now she had been locked
up.

No movement was possible from within
her private prison, one that she had gone to willingly. Buried deep inside
her wrappings, she relished in the tightness and the snugness. She was
also anxious. The next step would begin in a few seconds.

Outside the machine, the two claws
holding Anne and Marsha began to move. The arms moved the two mummies into
the machine, until they were right next to their Mistress, who was now mummified
as they were. The three were completely helpless now, dependent upon the
machine for care.

The machine reviewed its commands
that had been inputted. This next step would take time and be difficult,
but the end result would be impressive.

Internal arms moved the three mummies
until all of them were together. Straps of duct tape were wound around
the three, tying them together. The bindings were rough, but would do for
the moment.

The door closed. Inside, the wrapping
apparatus of the device went to work.

Moving at great speed, the small
mechanical arm that wound the bandages around each mummy earlier now began
to wrap bandages around all three.

It worked up speed, going faster
and faster, spinning more bandages around the three mummies, wrapping them
all together, to create one big mummy.

Up and up and up. The bandages wove
around the wrapped buttocks, backs, shoulders, and necks. The device was
smart enough to be gently around the necks. The breathing tubes that protruded
from the women’s gags were taken and hoisted upwards, to ensure that the
gagged women would still be able to breathe.

The first layer was complete. But
that did not satisfy the machine. It wanted to continue. And it did.

Layer after layer after layer was
applied to the three mummies, binding them ever tighter and ever more securely,
until an inch of bandages enclosed all three of them.

It was finished. The three individual
mummies, Mistress and slaves, were now wrapped together, bound to each other.
From the outside they resembled a gigantic, fat, sausage.

There was one more step to complete.
The machine opened the door. Using wireless signals, the large coffin rolled
itself up to the door. Its lid was opened, revealing the padded interior,
large enough to hold a particularly fat mummy.

The machine continued it’s work,
and using mechanical arms, gently moved the fat mummy until it was on the
edge of the doorway. Using great caution, the machine tilted the fat mummy
until it fell into the coffin.

More smart arms went to work, taking
the three mummies breathing tubes and connecting them to individual boxes
that continued life supporting gases, more then enough to keep them alive
and stop all bowel movement.

From within their private, inescapable
prisons, Mistress Maria, Marsha, and Anne thought to themselves what a wonderful
trip this was going to be. An entire weekend wrapped up and bound to each
other. What a wonderful treat!

Mistress Maria tried to yawn, failed.
She was drowsy. Held completely immobilized, wrapped completely within
warm bandages, she wanted to sleep.

Yes, she decided, as did her slaves.
Sleep would be good…

The coffin lid closed and locked
itself. Locks snapped into place. The gas boxes turned on. The machine
itself shut down, leaving the care of the three wrapped humans in the mechanical
arms of the coffin.

And so the three mummies began their
journey. The rain continued to pour outside the house, soaking everything
it touched.

But safe and snug within their cocoons,
the three women were safe and dry.

It was going to be a long (but very
enjoyable) weekend.
