---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiesek/fourcorners6.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: 'Four Corners 6: The Three Points'
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Solo-M+
- transformed
- majick
- M2f
- solo-f+
- MF
- M/f
- clubhouse
- change
- choices
- tease
- cons
- X
date: 2015-05-11 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Four Corners 5: Andrew/Andrea**](fourcorners5.html))

Part 6: The Three Points

Entering the clubhouse Sunday morning, Andrew saw the other three already there. "Well, ladies," he asked, "how was your evening?"

"I had fun." Glancing up from his chair, Taylor seemed barely able to contain his smile. Wearing loose pajamas, he half lay in his chair, looking more relaxed than Andrew could ever remember seeing him. "It was a great evening."

"Speak for yourself." Andrew was surprised to see Steve kneeling on the floor, wearing only a long shirt. Seeing Andrew's look, Steve said slowly, "I don't want to sit down right now, okay?"

"Somebody got more than she planned for last night," Neil remarked. Wearing a tight leather dress that reached nearly to his knees, he lounged in a chair behind Steve. Casually raising one foot he draped it over Steve's shoulder. "Didn't you, hon?"

"Don't call me...." Steve fell silent as Neil's other foot came to rest on his other shoulder.

"What was that?"

"Yes, Mistress," Steve's voice was almost too low to be heard. Even so, it widened Andrew's eyes.

"Mistress?" At this, he was even more surprised to see Steve blushing furiously.

"Evidently," Neil explained with a smile, "our little Stephanie discovered a very submissive side to herself last night. Oh, she hasn't said much, but the red marks on her ass when I dressed her this morning spoke volumes."

"You dressed her?" At this, Steve's blush became even brighter.

"Definitely," Neil replied. "The poor girl has absolutely no idea what she should wear. I had to help her pick out something comfortable." He grinned. "Not to mention appropriate."

"And the Mistress thing?"

Neil laughed. "Oh, that. Well, since she's such a submissive little thing, I figured why not let her express herself freely. And, of course, she really appreciates it. Don't you, hon?"

Steve's head dropped. "Yes, Mistress," he whispered.

"I take it," Andrew observed, "there was nothing submissive in your evening, Nell?"

Neil laughed. "Submissive. Actually, there was a lot of submission involved, but my experience was quite a bit different from Stephanie's. The other end of the rope, you might say."

Shaking his head, Andrew glanced toward Taylor. "And you? Any submissive stuff?"

"Submissive?" Taylor shook his head. "Nope, nothing like that. I just....... met someone."

"Met?"

"Yes, met. Trevor." At this, Taylor smiled brightly. "He's a model, like me. We talked and drank wine and... and... stuff."

"Stuff?" Seeing Taylor blush, Neil grinned. "You slept with him, didn't you?"

Taylor frowned. "And you spent your night alone?"

Neil laughed. "Hardly. Yes, I had sex with a man. I'm not sure how it happened, or why it happened, but it did happen. It was... interesting." Dropping his feet from Steve's shoulders, he leaned down, one hand reaching beneath the long shirt to squeeze Steve's ass. Steve winced, drawing a grin from Neil. "I guess your man was interesting too, wasn't he Steph?" This time, Steve's answer was too low for anyone to hear.

"What about you? Did you sleep with a man too?"

Andrew shook his head in reply to Taylor's question. "As a matter of fact," he said, "I didn't."

Steve's eyes widened. "You spent the night alone?"

Again, Andrew shook his head. "I wasn't alone," he said, "but I wasn't with a man."

"A woman?" Neil sounded stunned. "You were with a woman all night?"

"Not just a woman," Andrew said, smiling. "The same woman who did this to us. Her name is Lucinda, by the way."

"I don't care what her name is," Neil retorted, rising to his feet. "How could you spend the night with her, doing...... well, whatever it was you were doing, when she's the reason we're in this mess to begin with."

"She's not the reason," Andrew replied.

"Then who is?"

"We are." At this, all eyes turned toward Taylor. Suddenly the center of attention, he seemed to shrink slightly, then straightened. "We're the reason," he said, his voice firm. "This happened because none of us could admit who we really are. Stephanie hid her submissiveness by being the most aggressive one of us. You let him order you around to hide your own dominant streak. And I......" Taylor blushed. "I couldn't admit that I was gay." All eyes widened at this.

"Taylor," Andrew asked softly, "what makes you think you're gay?"

"Last night," Taylor replied slowly, "I sucked Trevor's cock. Twice." He grinned sheepishly. "Well," he admitted, "three times, if you count when we woke up this morning. I sucked his cock, and I loved it. I loved the feel of him in my mouth, I loved the taste of him. And when he shot into my mouth, I loved that most of all." His head dropped. "I sucked his cock the same way I sometimes wished I could suck yours, all of yours."

For a moment, there was silence. "Taylor," Andrew finally said, "I never realized...."

"I know," Taylor interrupted. "And now you all hate me because I wanted to suck your cocks."

Without speaking, Andrew drew Taylor to his feet, wrapping him in a tight hug. "Of course I don't hate you," he said. "I don't think I want a guy sucking me, but I can't hate you for what you enjoy. You're my friend, aren't you?"

"Always," Taylor nearly sobbed, tightly returning the hug.

"I don't understand," Neil said, nodding toward Steve. "She's naturally submissive, I'm naturally dominant, and Taylor's naturally gay. What does that make you?"

"The best of you." All four turned to stare at Lucinda, who stood just inside the door. "Andrea," she went on, "is the kindest, gentlest, most giving of the four of you, and she's been your most loyal friend, in spite of everything you've done to her. That's why she was with me last night."

"So what happens now?"

"That," Lucinda said in reply to Neil's question, "would be entirely up to you. Which is why I'm here. I intend to have a very long, serious talk with each one of you. The things you say during your talk will decide your future." She smiled brightly. "So who wants to go first?"

\* \* \*

Opening his eyes, Andrew stretched carefully. "Morning."

"And a good morning to you."

Andrew smiled. "It is, isn't it? So tell me, am I better as a man or a woman?"

"You," Lucinda replied, "are best as you." Reaching down, she stroked him softly. "No matter your equipment."

Under her touch, Andrew could feel himself harden. "Think we have time before we leave?"

Lucinda laughed. "I think we could squeeze in one more round," she replied, tightening her grip slightly.

Later, leaning against him as he drove, Lucinda glanced up. "You know," she said softly, "you really should be looking for your soul mate."

"I think I may have already found her," Andrew replied softly.

"Me? But I'm way too old for you. How can you think it might be mmmmmpppphhh!" Lucinda's eyes widened over the hand that covered her mouth.

"It is you," Andrew informed her sternly. "And you know it. So stop trying to foist me off on someone else before I ask Neil to teach me some of his tricks."

Reaching up, Lucinda pulled his hand from her mouth. "Yes, Master," she said impishly before returning the hand to its place over her lips. Laughing, Andrew hugged her to him.

Later, approaching the clubhouse hand in hand, Lucinda remarked, "I wonder if the others will be there yet."

"They should be," Andrew replied. "After all, their houses are a lot closer than your cave." Smiling, he opened the door and led the way inside.

"Andy!" Smiling, Andrew carefully unwrapped Taylor from around him.

"Careful," he admonished. "Trevor might get jealous."

"Trevor doesn't get jealous," Taylor informed him, smiling brightly. "Trevor loves me for who I am. Taylor bounced in a circle, skirt flaring, breasts bobbing. "And now," she said, "so do I."

"I'm glad you decided to stay that way," Lucinda said. "You make a very lovely woman."

"And Trevor loves me as I am," Taylor added, nodding and hugging Lucinda tightly. "I'm glad you made me a woman. Thank you so, so much."

"From me, as well," Trevor added, joining the group. "I'm not sure how much of Taylor's story is true, but if even part of it is, I owe you a great deal of thanks." He wrapped his arm around Taylor, smiling as she snuggled against him. "You've given me my dream."

"Where are the others?"

"Right here," Neil replied, stepping through the door. "Someone almost fell asleep waiting for you, so I had to do a wake up. Isn't that right, hon?"

"Yes, Master." Rubbing her ass, Stephanie moved to stand behind Neil. Glancing toward Andrew and Lucinda, she curtsied. "Hello Sir, Ma'am."

"Hello, Steph," Andrew replied, smiling.

"Hello Stephanie," Lucinda said. "Still not sorry you decided to stay that way? Ready to go back to being Steve?"

Stephanie shook her head firmly. "Never," she vowed. "Steve was an asshole who tried too hard to be something he wasn't. Now he's gone, and I'm here. Me. Stephanie. And I wouldn't give up my life or my Master for anything." She grinned. "He even lets me scream when I cum. Well, sometimes. If I'm very good."

"Enough." Neil gave Stephanie a swat, causing her whole body to jump. Immediately, his arm wrapped around her, drawing her close.

"Yes, Master," she replied, smiling. "Thank you, Master."

"As for me," Neil said, looking toward Lucinda, "I wouldn't want things any other way. Steve and I were close, but Stephanie and I are even closer. We're even talking about tearing down both our houses and building one on the line between our lots. Are you ever going to move back into your place?"

"If I can convince Lucinda to leave her cave," Andrew replied, then grinned. "Actually, maybe you could help with that. Got any rope you could spare?"

"Okay, okay," Lucinda laughed. "Consider me moved in. Who needs a cave when I can share a warm bed with you."

"So," Taylor said, glancing around, "does that mean the end of the four corners? What are we now?"

"The three points?" Neil grinned, reaching up and pinching one of Stephanie's nipples. "After all," he said, placing her hand over his crotch, "we do all have three points within our own pair, don't we?"

Laughing, they all settled down in a clubhouse no longer used for parties. Instead, the comfortably refurnished building had become a place for three loving couples to relax, spend time together, and share the rewards of all they'd learned.

End.
