---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesad/desires.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Desires
authors:
- The Self Bound Latex Sub
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- bond
- magic
- transform
- mannequin
- cons
- X
date: 2007-03-27 00:00:00
---

The Self Bound Latex Sub, November 2001 This story is copyright to The Self Bound Latex Sub, and may not be reproduced either physically or electronically, or hosted on any other website, without the express permission of the author. Permission may be requested from sblatexsub@yahoo.com.au.

"Never
upset a Witch", I thought for the umpteenth time today, and every day before
that for the last month. Here I was, dressed in rubber, bound, gagged,
plugged and absolutely unable to move, on display in the window of an Adult
Shop in my hometown of Melbourne, with no chance of ever getting out, it
seems.

A
month ago I thought I was free - my divorce was finally going through!
After 12 years of marriage, the last three of which had been a living form
of hell, my wife and I had separated, and were in the Family Court finalising
the divorce. It hadn't been too messy, but it certainly hadn't been a clean
break up, either. We had both said many things we shouldn't have, a lot
of which centred around my love of the kinkier side of life - bondage,
rubber, cross dressing and role playing games. My wife had tolerated, and
earlier on sometimes even enjoyed the games, but as the years dragged on
we both changed, her interest and toleration waned, at the same rate as
her interest in New Age and Occult areas grew.

She
had become quite adept in the Occult Arts, her abilities with the Tarot
cards, Spells and Soothsaying constantly amazing both of us. She had certainly
become a powerful witch, I now realised, although much too late! At the
end of our time in Court, she had looked at me and wished me well, saying
that I was now free to enjoy my heart's desires! Little did I realise that
she had just calmly cast a spell over me. Well, I was finished and out
of there pretty quickly, and headed back to my apartment in St Kilda for
a little R & R of the self bondage kind.

That
weekend, with quite a large bank account behind me (my half of the settlement),
I decided to do a little shopping for my private life. After all, I was
single now, and if I wanted to pick up woman, particularly ones that were
interested in the same games I was, I would need some new toys and clothing.
So I headed to Melbourne's largest Adult Shop, in the middle of the City,
where they have a great range of lingerie, magazines, vibrators and leather
and rubber clothing and toys. I planned to spend up big - I had had my
eye on a handmade rubber ankle to wrist length catsuit with built in corset
that they had in stock.

I
picked out a few bondage items off the shelves first, and a couple of new
vibrating and expanding Butt Plugs, before looking through the clothing
section. I found the catsuit, and right beside it a pair of Cross Dressers
rubber pants, which were designed to flatten the stomach while padding
out the hips, and even had a built in pussy! Well, I figured they were
perfect, and so I headed off to the change rooms to try them on.

Both
the panties and the corset fit like they were made for me - the panties
gave me very feminine lines around the groin and butt, and with the catsuit
over the top with it's built in size D boobs and waist cinching corset,
I looked pretty hot. I stepped out of the change room to look at myself
in the full-length mirror outside, and so I was standing next to my pile
of vibrators, bondage cuffs and toys admiring myself in the mirror when
it happened! It was like this ripple ran through the shop, and passed right
through me. Suddenly, I couldn't move - I don't mean like when you're tied
up and it's hard to move - I mean I couldn't move a muscle at all! I was
paralysed, totally; in fact I don't even think I was breathing! I could
still see myself in the mirror; in fact that was all I could see, as I
couldn't even move my eyeballs!

However,
there was something strange about myself in the mirror - then I realised!
I looked like I was made of plastic - and I was female! I was a female
mannequin! How could this be? What had happened to me, and how?

My mind
was racing at a million miles an hour, trying to get any of my muscles
working, trying to work out what was happening. Slowly, I came back to
earth, and started to take stock of my situation. Firstly, it appeared
I had somehow miraculously been transformed into a female Shop Dummy. Secondly,
I was still dressed in the rubber outfit I had put on - however, the rubber
female panties seemed to have taken over my genitals, in that I felt fully
feminine "down there". Moreover, I was very full "down there" - in fact
I was plugged in both my pussy and ass! And those plugs were large!

Even
though I appeared to be made of plastic, I could still feel everything
as if I still had skin - I could feel the rubber next to my skin, I could
even smell that distinct latex smell. I could feel the wooden floor beneath
my feet and the slight movement of the air conditioning on my face. My
mouth was open in a surprised "O", and my eyes were wide, and I could feel
the air on my eyeballs and inside my mouth. But I couldn't do anything,
and I definitely wasn't breathing! In the mirror, I looked pretty good,
even for a mannequin - in fact I was a damned good looking woman - long
blonde hair, big boobs, small waist, big hips and long legs, all covered
in shiny black rubber. Finally, it seemed that this mannequin was able
to move its limbs, as there were a number of small hinges at each of the
usual human joints.

Suddenly,
from the rear of the store the shop assistant came into my line of sight,
and jumped when she saw me.

"Hello,
what are you doing out here? I thought I left you in the window - or did
that gentleman who was just in move you? And where are your heels?" she
muttered to herself as she looked me over. Obviously whatever had done
this to me had made her think that I was one of the store's mannequins.
This was getting freakier by the minute. Moments later the shop assistant
returned with a pair of six-inch heel thigh high shiny black rubber boots.
She placed them in front of me, and calmly lifted me up (I must be as light
as plastic as well!) and twisted my feet into a downward pointing angle,
then placed me feet first into the boots. I could feel my feet reach the
bottom of the boots, and snugly slip into the high heeled shoe section
at the bottom. God, those heels are high! How would I ever stand up? Stupid
me, how could I fall over?!? Then she picked me up, muttering to herself
about customers who moved thing around, and took me out and placed me in
the window display. I was exposed for the entire world to see, I thought,
panicking. But all the world could see was a Shop Dummy, dressed in some
spectacular rubber.

It
was then that I discovered that the plugs filling my pussy and ass were
actually remote vibrators, and they were on a random setting. Suddenly
my pussy vibrator flared into life, vibrating its life away and sending
me off into a mind-blowing orgasm when the ass plug burst in life as well.
Well, it was mind blowing all right, but nothing more, as physically how
could a plastic dummy have an orgasm? I spent all afternoon there in the
window, sometimes experiencing massive orgasms, sometimes just being frustrated
when one or the other of the vibrators would come to life just long enough
to tease me! All the while the people of Melbourne walked by, many of them
staring at me in the window, oblivious to my predicament.

Later
that evening the shop assistant Mary (I learnt after a customer came in
to the shop and called her by name) walked to the front door, switched
off the main shop lights and turned on a spotlight directly over me, and
closed and locked the front door. Out of the corner of my eye I could see
her walk off down the street, obviously on her way home. So I spent the
night, spotlighted in the shop window, enduring orgasm after orgasm, wondering
whether the vibrator batteries would ever run out.

The
next morning Mary returned at 9.00am (I guess), dressed in a stunning tight
black ultra mini and red halter neck top, which did little to hide her
ample bosom. On her feet were black patent high heels, high enough that
occasionally she tottered a bit while she was getting the shop ready for
the day. Shortly after that then a stunning, statuesque, raven haired beauty
dressed in leather jeans and a leather sleeveless T-shirt walked in, and
started scolding Mary for still having the same display in the window for
the third day running (Huh, I've only been here since yesterday!). So this
is the owner, I thought, as I listened to their conversation behind me.
Mary was being told off good and proper and suddenly was ordered by "Miss
Kirsten" to get her ass out to the back room. I heard a meek "yes Mistress",
then two pairs of heels clicking along the floor, one pair quicker than
the other, and a few moments silence. Next came the distinct sound of a
hand spanking a bare ass, and hard by the sound of it. After 25 slaps (yes,
I was counting, what else did I have to do?) there was a short period of
silence, followed by the clicking of a single pair of heels all the way
to the front door, where I saw Miss Kirsten leave and walk away from the
shop.

A
few minutes later Mary confronted me with tears in the corner of her eyes,
picking me up and moving me back into the shop centre. I was stripped of
my rubber outfit, and for the first time I was able to see my new self
totally naked, as Mary had conveniently placed me directly in front of
another full-length mirror. I was a female mannequin all right, right down
to the plastic pussy. Then I realised with a shock that I could see my
pussy, and it was perfectly formed, not just like a Barbie Doll piece of
flat plastic. However, the shocking thing was there was no vibrator in
my pussy! So why could I feel it there, and what was it that had spent
all yesterday driving me mad?

These
questions were quickly banished from my mind, when Mary returned with an
armful of rubber. A few minutes later I was the perfect Rubber Bondage
French Maid, dressed in a French Maid outfit made entirely from rubber.
My arms were handcuffed in front of me with a feather duster placed in
my right hand, my ankles hobbled by a six inch chain attached to stainless
steel ankle cuffs, and a large red ball gag was forced into my mouth. Mary
then carried me back to the front window, and placed me looking into the
shop, with my back to the window. She then bent me over at the waist, obviously
so that my white rubber covered ass was peeking out from under the black
rubber skirt covering the fluffed out underskirt. For any customers inside
the shop, they would get a great view of my boobs down my top. Finally,
she adjusted the feather duster so that I was dusting a shelf displaying
a collection of leather bondage cuffs.

My
head was up, looking into the shop, and I was able to see on the wall clock
that it was 10.00am, as Mary went and unlocked the front door and changed
the closed sign to open. Right about then my non-existent (?!?!?) vibrators
went into hyper drive, both at the same time, and stayed that way! I don't
remember much after that, due to the continual orgasm that I was having,
until they suddenly cut out. Some time later, when I came down to earth,
I was able to see on the clock that it was 3.00pm, I'd been going like
that for 5 hours! As the vibrators stayed silent for the rest of the day
and night, I was able to watch the customers coming in to the shop, browsing
and buying, enjoying their freedom. Some of the woman were stunning, and
buying all sorts of interesting toys, and I found myself wishing one of
them would buy the Shop Dummy and take it home to play with - no such luck,
of course. Eventually Mary locked up, and went off home, while I spent
the night spotlighted in the window, showing my pretty ass to the world.

My
life for the next week was like that, a continual parade of Leather and
Rubber outfits (all of which I could feel on my skin, especially the Grope
Panties Mary put me in one day - those little nubs on what to me felt like
my clit drove me mad, especially when the vibrators cut in), bondage positions,
and a continual stream of customers looking at me in my strict bondage
positions. After that first day, I was never not in some form of bondage,
I think Mary was afraid of the wrath of Miss Kirsten. Miss Kirsten came
in once a day, and often would find fault with Mary's work, and it was
out the back for another spanking, whether there were customers in the
shop or not. The crazy thing was, (as if anything could be crazier than
what I was going through anyway) I could feel all of the bondage positions,
just as if I was a normal human in the same position! My muscles would
still cramp up, my jaw would still ache from a large gag, my nipples would
still burn when Mary used nipple clamps on them (and of course the only
clamps that would stay on my plastic nipples were the harsh metal teeth
ones!) I couldn't work out what had happened to me, but I was certainly
getting my fill of my former life's two favourite fetishes, cross-dressing
and bondage!

About
a week after that fateful day, I was in the window again, when my ex-wife
walked by! As she glanced in the shop window (I knew she had it in her!)
she did a double take, an amazed look on her face while she stared at me.
Well, I was worth staring at! That
day I was in a rubber torsolette with cut outs for my boobs, rubber stockings
held up by the torsolette's suspenders, six-inch patent heels, and a rubber
ultra mini skirt. My bondage for the day (and night to come) had my arms
cemented together behind me in a rubber single glove, from which a rope
was pulling my arms high up towards the ceiling in a strict strappado.
My legs were forced wide apart by a long spreader bar, and my nipples were
harshly clamped, with a chain severely pulling them down towards where
it was attached to the spreader bar.

Mary
had spent time plaiting my long blonde hair, however she had plaited a
rubber strip into it as well, and this strip was tied off to the top of
my rubber single glove, pulling my head back until I thought it would snap
off. I was gagged with an inflatable rubber gag, which I thought Mary was
going to explode in my mouth, she pumped it up so much. Even if I weren't
a mannequin, there would not have been a sound or movement I could have
made! I was facing out to the street, but given the shortness of my mini
skirt, I was sure every customer in the shop would be looking right up
under my skirt at the grope panties that Mary had me in again. They were
driving me mad, coupled with the fact that the vibrators had decided that
today I was not to orgasm, and so they were just bringing me to the edge,
then switching off, frustrating me no end!

My
ex-wife came into the shop, watching me the whole time, with a little smile
lurking at the corner of her mouth. It seemed as if she knew it was me,
even though that was impossible! Well, who am I to talk about impossible,
given the situation I was in. After stepping into the shop, my wife examined
me from every angle, even up my skirt (I could see her reflection faintly
in the window), before coming around to the front where she was in my line
of sight. She spoke softly under her breath and I felt a tingle pass through
me as she waved her hand in the direction of the shop. At the same time,
the tingle had changed me back to human, although I was still a bound and
gagged female in a shop window!

"That
should keep them quiet, I've frozen them in time for a couple of minutes
so we can talk, well, I can talk anyway" she said, referring to Mary and
the young couple she was serving. "When I cast the spell on you I never
expected you to end up like this, I thought you'd probably find yourself
as a slave to some Domme somewhere!"

Well,
to say I was stunned is an understatement, I was actually speechless (Ha
Ha)! But after that sunk in I struggled for all I was worth, trying to
escape. However, it made absolutely no difference, Mary had me in too tight
a bind, and all I did was punish my nipples even more with the slight movements
that I made.

"I
would recognise your aura anywhere" my ex continued, "so I knew as soon
as I saw you in the window that it is you in there. And as I can read your
aura like a lie detector, I know you understand what I'm saying. Imagine
my surprise to see you as a mannequin in the window of an Adult Shop, all
rubberised and bound. You see, I cast a spell on you at the Family Court
the other week, allowing you to have what your heart truly desires. The
next time you were in a situation that was truly perfect for you, the spell
would take effect and keep you in that situation. I expected that you would
go visit some Dominant Mistress, and that then the spell would keep you
there as her slave. I never expected that you would wish to be a female
Shop Dummy, rubberised and bound all the time. Can you feel your clothes
and bonds while you are a mannequin?" she asked, smiling broadly. Of course,
I was unable to answer.

"I
see from your aura that you can" she then said, smiling. "That must be
wonderful for you, just what you've always wanted, to be in permanent bondage.
Well, I must say, that spell was a great one, I must try it again on someone.
However, I had better return the shop to normal and be on my way - if I
leave these poor people frozen for too long they will notice the missing
time and wonder what happened. By the way, one last thing. There is a way
out of the spell, and it is quite easy. You see, the spell only works for
your heart's true desires. If you truly desire to be out of this situation,
you will be, just like that. I wonder how long you will be here before
your heart, not your head, truly wants out of this? Your aura says that
you are quite content here - I'm pleased for you. It could be a long time
before you leave here. Well, I'll pop around occasionally to see how you
are doing, enjoy yourself!" With that, she waved her hand, and everything
returned to normal, or was it abnormal? Mary was talking to the customers
behind me, I was a plastic mannequin again all tied up with nowhere to
go, and my ex leaned up and gave me a soft peck on my plastic cheek, before
she walked out the door.

That
was about three weeks ago, and I'm still here. Some days the bondage Mary
puts me in is so strict I wish upon wish to be free, but it never happens.
I can't believe my heart could want this so much! A few days ago my ex-wife
came in and bought herself a new rubber outfit - rubber jeans and a rubber
top that showed off her great figure to perfection. She took great pleasure
in telling Mary how her ex husband had got her into the kinkier things
in life, and now she was showing her new boyfriend "the ropes"! Meanwhile
I was being used as a behind the counter centrepiece - suspended in an
upside down spread-eagle in a bondage frame, wearing nothing but the grope
panties (Mary loves them, I now know she has a pair herself that she wears
to work regularly!) and a pair of nipple clamps.

With
my "O" shaped mouth, I was in a perfect position for any man to walk up
to me and use my mouth in any way that he wanted. I also had a perfect
view up Mary's mini skirt whenever she bent over behind the counter, and
I knew that she was wearing her grope panties as well. To top it off, today
my vibrators had decided to expand and contract regularly (a new trick
for them - does that mean it is because I want it?) while vibrating constantly
- I was in a permanent orgasm while watching my wife strut around the shop
in her new rubber outfit. Finally my wife paid for her new outfit, smiled
at me, and left.

Hours
later I am still here and I think I will be here for a long time yet. I
hope Mary thinks up a really strict position for me tomorrow - I wonder
if it will replicate whatever position Miss Kirsten puts her in at home
(yes, they live together as Mistress and Slave). She does that sometimes,
telling me that I should experience that which she has already experienced.
Judging her on her binding ability, she could be a great Domme, if she
wasn't so in love with being Miss Kirsten's Slave. I for one would be her
sex slave any day, although I guess I am already, even if she doesn't realise
it. Oh well, maybe one day I'll be free, maybe one day.
