---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/frontier_days.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Frontier Days
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-05-08 00:00:00
---

Notice:
This is a work of fiction.  Names, places, characters, and incidents
are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. 
Any resemblance to actual events, organizations, or persons is entirely
coincidental.  If this resembles life in your town you are a lot luckier
than I am.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Frontier Days
by Zack
Copyright©
2001, 2002. All rights reserved.

"The Frontier Days committee is asking us for
volunteers, Barbara, and I told them that you were eager to participate."

"Gee, thanks, Ralph.  Like I didn't have
enough to do already."

"The personnel department can run itself for a
few hours.  Firtree Resort is one of the major sponsors of Frontier
Days, and our executives are expected to help out.  That includes
the personnel manager."

"Now it's called 'Human Resources', Ralph. 
I'm the Director of Human Resources."

"Yeah, and I'm the General Manager, so how about
it?  Are you willing to help?  Ralph didn't say 'or do you want
to find a new job', but Barbara could hear it clearly enough.

"OK, what do I have to do?"

"You and Sue are friends, aren't you?  She's
the publicity chairman, so call her and find out."

Barbara put it off as long as she could, but finally
she called.  "Hello Sue, this is Barbara."

"Barbara!  We haven't talked in almost a
month.  How have you been?  Are you still going with Bob?"

"No, we broke up a couple of weeks ago. 
I really miss him, but he's just too nice a guy.  I'm not saying that
I wanted a caveman, but he just wasn't forceful enough."

"You mean that you wanted him to dominate you? 
He master, you slave?"

"I don't think I wanted to go that far, but there
was something lacking in our relationship.  I don't really know what
I want; my emotions are kind of scrambled right now."

"Did you two ever discuss what each of you were
looking for and ways you might find it?"

"No, we tried a few times, but neither of us could
seem to find the words.  But enough about my love life.  Why
I called is that Ralph said you needed volunteers for the Frontier Days
thing.  What would you like me to do?"

"You're going to help?  I've got just the
thing for you!"

"I don't like the way you said that.  You
aren't planning one of your infamous practical jokes, are you?"

"How can you think that?  I'm responsible
for publicity, and I need people.  Can you help on Saturday? 
I need some women to ride on the parade float and then spend some time
in a tableaux out at the fairgrounds."

"I could handle that.  When and where?"

"Noon.  We'll all meet at the Chamber of
Commerce office.  Do you know where it is?"

"It's located next to the Paycott City Hall, isn't
it?"

"That's right.  See you Saturday."

Paycott was a mountain resort town.  A decade
ago it had been nothing more than a village where campers and fishermen
bought supplies, but massive development had taken place once the road
to Phoenix had been improved.

By Saturday Barbara had forgotten all about her
appointment.  Sue called her just after noon, and Barbara scrambled
to get to the meeting.  Even so, it was almost twelve thirty when
she parked in front of the Chamber of Commerce office.  She entered
and found Sue talking to three young women made up as dance hall girls. 
They were all wearing satin dresses with short skirts and low-cut tops.

Sue exclaimed, "Here at last, Barbara!  Here's
your costume.  Let's go in my office and I'll help you change."

"Hold it, Sue!  I won't fit in with these
coeds; it's been over fifteen years since I was in college."

"It'll be OK, Barbara.  You can be the madam." 
Sue hustled Barbara into the office and said, "Strip out of your clothes
and I'll help you get into this dress; it's kind of tight."  She showed
Barbara a red satin dress similar to the dresses the other women were wearing.

Barbara took off her shoes, jeans, and shirt and
pulled on fishnet stockings and fastened them to a garter belt.  Sue
had told her to bring shoes with three inch heels and she slipped them
on.  She stood up and reached for the satin dress, but Sue said, "Take
off your bra.  This top is low cut and it'll give you all the support
and uplift you'll want."

Barbara had her doubts, but she removed her bra
and Sue lifted the dress over her head.  The bodice was boned like
a corset, and Sue laced it tight in the back.  Barbara's breasts were
supported by the top as though they had been placed on a shelf.  Sue
helped her pin up her hair and apply theatrical makeup.

"There we are, Barbara.  You look just like
a retired sporting girl who went into management.  Oh, before we go
please sign this release."

"What is this, Sue?"

"Just the standard insurance company boilerplate. 
Whatever happens, it isn't our fault."

Barbara glanced at the form and then signed it. 
Sue put it into a file cabinet and said, "Let's go, the float is in the
parking lot out back."

Barbara paused to tuck in her breasts a bit and
then followed Sue out the back door.  She stopped in astonishment
when she saw the float, which was built on a flat-bed trailer.  The
back half of the trailer was surrounded by bars to form a jail cell, and
the other half had a roll-top desk and a sign that said 'Sheriff'. 
Sue and a heavy-set man with a gunbelt, white cowboy hat, and a large silver
star on his chest stood next to the desk.  The coeds were in the cell.

There was a short stepladder next to the 'office'
and Barbara climbed the steps.  The sheriff leaned over and took her
hand and pulled her onto the float.  Barbara looked at the coeds;
something was different.  She jumped when she heard clicking and felt
something on her wrists.  The sheriff had handcuffed her!

She screeched, "What is this?"  She could
tell that these weren't modern police handcuffs; the metal was dull and
pitted and the shape was different.  They were tight, though.

Sue said, "Nothing attracts attention like women
in chains.  By the way, those are genuine 1890 handcuffs provided
by a local collector."

"I don't like this!  Get these cuffs off
me."

"Be a sport, Barbara.  All of the girls are
handcuffed.  Just consider it part of your costume."

The 'sheriff' spoke up, "I could cuff her hands
behind her back, Sue, and we can stuff a gag in her mouth to shut her up." 
He moved towards Barbara and she flinched.

"That's not necessary, Peter.  She'll cooperate;
she was just surprised.  Right, Barbara?"  Sue pushed Barbara
into the cell and slammed the door.

The driver of the pickup truck pulling the float
started the engine, and Sue scrambled to the ground and tossed the stepladder
into the back of the truck.  She called, "Stand tall and hold onto
the bars, girls.  I'll see you at the fairgrounds."

A parade had formed up on Main Street and the
float fell in at the rear.   It wasn't a big parade; besides
the inevitable cars carrying local politicians there were just a few floats,
a couple of marching bands, and several groups of marchers on foot and
riders on horseback, but most of the tourists and a large number of townsfolk
were standing along Main Street to watch it go by.   It was a
good-natured crowd, and they applauded the bands and cheered the riders. 
The loudest cheers were reserved for the 'jail' float.  Barbara and
the coeds stood facing the bars on the each side of the cell and gave the
spectators two-handed waves that displayed the handcuffs.

The parade slowly traveled the ten blocks of Main
Street and then broke up.  The jail float didn't stop; it continued
on down the highway towards the fairgrounds which were located just outside
of town.  The driver kept the speed low, and Barbara and the coeds
waved and shouted at the passing cars.  When they reached the fairgrounds
the float entered through a service gate and stopped behind a row of buildings.

Sue was there to greet them and she set up the
step ladder.  Peter, the 'sheriff', unlocked the cell and helped the
prisoners off the float.  When they were all on the ground Sue said,
"You all put on a wonderful show during the parade.  Now follow me
onto the set."

The group formed a line behind Sue and entered
a door in the buildings, with Peter bringing up the rear.  There was
a short hallway, and then they entered a row of rooms that had the wall
facing the fairgrounds missing.  There was a saloon, a courtroom,
and the sheriff's office with a jail cell.  The rooms were divided
from each other by waist-high partitions and separated from the outside
by a wooden railing.  The floor was about three feet above the ground.

The jail cell was in the corner of the sheriff's
office, and the two exposed sides were made of round metal bars that went
from floor to ceiling.  The 'dance hall girls' were led to the cell
by Sue, and Peter ushered them inside and locked the door.

Barbara asked, "What now, Sue?  Do we just
stand here in this cage like animals in the zoo?"

"No, we've got something else planned, but it'll
take a few minutes to get everything organized."

Barbara watched the activity outside the cell. 
This was all new to her, because she had managed to dodge Frontier Days
until now, even though it was a major event in Paycott.  The set she
was in was on one side of a large hollow square.  The left and opposite
sides of the square were formed by booths where artisans were selling crafts. 
There was a bandstand at the corner, and a bluegrass band was playing to
an enthusiastic audience.  The right side of the square was formed
by carnival and food booths, where the usual games of 'skill' were offered
and where cotton candy, corn dogs, fry bread, and other semi-edible substances
were sold.  Barbara could see the top of a small Ferris wheel above
and behind the booths, and she deduced that the other rides were close
to it.  The square was filled with people, but it wasn't overly crowded.

It wasn't long before the cell's occupants were
attracting attention; Sue was right about women in chains.  Barbara
did her best to avoid eye contact and soon got used to being on display. 
She was puzzled by a wooden box mounted on the rail in front of the courtroom. 
It might have held brochures or a schedule of events, but almost all of
the people who took a single sheet of blue paper from it were men, and
they had a furtive look when they did it.

About a half-hour went by before Sue, Peter, and
another man returned to the cell.  All three were wearing cowboy hats
and had big silver stars pinned to their shirts.  Barbara did a double
take when she saw that the third man was Ralph, her boss.  He gave
her a wink and a grin.

Sue said, "It's about time we made the first collection,
girls, so let's get you hooked up."

Peter was carrying a heavy canvas bag on a strap
over his shoulder and Ralph had a large roll of light steel chain. 
Peter opened the cell door and led out Barbara.  Ralph put a loop
of chain around her waist and Peter locked it with a small brass padlock
he took from the bag.  Whether by accident or design Ralph had trapped
the chain of her handcuffs in the loop so she couldn't lift her hands much
above her waist.  Barbara thought of protesting, but she decided not
to; she told herself that she didn't want to make Ralph think she was backing
out of her agreement to help.

The coeds were fastened to the chain as well,
with about twelve feet of slack between each woman.  The excess chain
was coiled and the coeds held it so it didn't drag on the ground. 
Peter took Barbara's arm and led the coffle into the courtroom and down
some steps onto the ground.  As they went by the mysterious box Barbara
read the sign on the front; it said 'Arrest Warrants'.

They wandered around for a while and Barbara was
starting to wonder if this was all there was to it when she saw a young
man wave a blue paper over the head of a young woman walking a step in
front of him.  Sue and Ralph went to them and Sue took the paper. 
She addressed the young woman, "Are you Melissa?"

When the woman nodded Sue said, "I have a warrant
for your arrest on a charge of Causing Overwhelming Affection.  Will
you come along quietly?"

Melissa didn't seem to be too surprised. 
She answered, "Yes, I suppose it would be futile to resist."

Ralph wrapped the chain around her waist and Peter
locked it in place with another padlock.

Sue asked the young man who had given her the
warrant, "Tom, is Melissa dangerous, or is minimum security all we need?"

"She can be very dangerous.  Don't take any
chances with her."

Ralph pulled Melissa's hands behind her back and
Peter tied her wrists together with a short piece of cotton rope. 
He knew what he was doing, and Melissa struggled only briefly before deciding
she wasn't going to free herself.

Sue separated part of the warrant and gave it
to Tom.  "Here's the bail ticket.  Don't lose it, or you won't
be able to get her out of jail after the trial."

He took the ticket, kissed Melissa, and said to
her, "I've got to meet my other girlfriend.  If I don't see you tonight
I'll visit you later at the state prison."

Melissa glared at him, but as he walked away the
glare turned into a smile.  She was chained about three feet behind
Barbara, and now was a part of the group as they continued to stroll around
the fairgrounds.

The next warrant was presented by an older man. 
He was bald and the woman at his side had gray hair and was a bit on the
heavy side.  Sue took the warrant and asked, "Are you Polly?"

"Yes, I am.  Earl, what have you done now,
you old goat?"  She gave the man a mock punch in the ribs.

"I have a warrant for your arrest on a charge
of Provoking Sexual Desire.  Will you come along quietly?"

"I suppose so.  I'm getting too old to fight." 
Ralph moved Polly behind Melissa, and as he wrapped the chain around her
waist she said, "Sure you got enough chain there?  I've lost my girlish
figure."

Sue asked Earl, "Is Polly dangerous, or is minimum
security OK?"

"She's mellowed a lot, so minimum security is
all you need."

Peter loosely tied Polly's hands together in front,
and the coffle moved on.  They were attracting a lot of attention,
and Barbara was initially embarrassed, but as she got used to the stares
she found herself becoming aroused, much to her chagrin.

The next time Sue asked a woman if she would 'come
along quietly' she got a resounding 'No!' as an answer.  She gave
the warrant back to the man and said, "Sorry, this warrant is invalid."
and they moved on to the next couple.

The next woman was a brunette in her twenties,
dressed in jeans and a tight tee shirt, and she wasn't wearing a bra.

Sue asked, "Are you Maria, and will you come along
quietly?"  The answer was yes, and when the chain had been locked
around Maria's waist Sue turned to the man who had presented the warrant
and asked, "Is she dangerous, Ramon?"

"Very dangerous.  She has a temper like a
wildcat."

After Ralph and Peter had tied Maria's hands behind
her back Ramon said, "That isn't secure enough.  Give me some rope."

Peter looked at Sue.  She evaluated the state
of Maria's erect nipples and nodded.  He gave a piece of rope to Ramon,
who wrapped it around Maria's elbows and pulled until they were almost
touching before he knotted it.  Maria moaned, and everyone could tell
it wasn't caused entirely by pain.

They continued their tour until a half-dozen women
had been added to the chain, and then they returned to the courtroom.  
The prisoners were lined up near the bench and Ralph put on a black robe
and got behind it.  He pounded a gavel and said, "The Paycott Kangaroo
Court is now in session.  Bring up the first criminal."

Peter separated Melissa from the chain and moved
her in front of the bench.  Ralph ordered, "The clerk will read the
charge."

Sue replied, "Tom charges Melissa with Causing
Overwhelming Affection."

"A serious charge.  How do you plead, Melissa?"

"Guilty, I guess."

"The court orders you to return double the affection
that Tom feels for you.  Is he here to pay your fine?  If not,
you'll have to go to jail."

There was a pause, but nobody spoke up, and Melissa
looked worried as Peter took her arm and led her towards the jail cell. 
Then a grinning Tom came out of the crowd and said, "I'll pay the fine."

Ralph answered, "Then see the clerk and you can
take custody of the prisoner."

Tom went over to Sue's table and dropped money
through a slot in the top of a metal box with 'For the Fire Department'
painted on the side.  Then he claimed Melissa with a kiss that lasted
until Ralph banged his gavel.  Melissa turn her back to Tom and wiggled
her fingers, but Tom shook his head and led her away, still bound.

Sue said, "The next defendant is Polly, charged
by Earl with Provoking Sexual Desire."

Ralph humphed.  "Polly, just looking at you
shows your guilt beyond a doubt.  You are sentenced to satisfying
Earl's desires."

"Hah, that would kill the old goat."

"Well, be merciful.  Next case."

Earl untied Polly's hands and they left the courtroom
with their arms about the other's waist.  Peter brought Maria before
the bench.

Sue's voice was slightly strained as she read,
"Ramon charges Maria with Willful Disobedience."

Ralph said to Maria, "You and Ramon must have
a special relationship."  He signaled Ramon to stand next to Maria. 
"The court can't judge this case, Maria.  Only you can decide what
you should do."

Maria stood silently for a moment and then she
turned to Ramon and knelt.  "I'm sorry, Master.  Please forgive
me."

Ramon pulled Maria to her feet and kissed her. 
"I forgive you."   The spectators let out a collective sigh. 
Barbara felt of surge of emotion that she didn't want to examine too closely. 
It felt like envy, but how could that be?

Ramon and Maria stopped at Sue's table for several
minutes as Ramon fed money through the slot in the Fire Department box,
and then they vanished into the crowd.  After that the next three
cases were anticlimactic, and when they had been disposed of the team went
back into the crowd to make more arrests.

After a few more hours Sue unchained Barbara and
the coeds and took them to the rest room.  She removed the handcuffs
and they all stretched their arms and rubbed their wrists.  Sue said,
"Well Barbara, it looks to me like you're having a good time."

"Right, Sue.  I just love being paraded around
in chains."

"Your lips tell me no, but your body tells me
yes, Barbara."

After everyone used the toilet Sue announced,
"We still have a few more hours, girls.  Back on the chain gang."

They filed back out to the sheriff's office and
Ralph and Peter locked the chain around their waists.  Sue handcuffed
the coeds, but Barbara's hands were free and she was surprised that this
made her feel left out of the group.   She wasn't going to admit
that to anyone, however, and when Sue told her to put her hands behind
her back she said, "No way!"

"Come on, Barbara.  The women who get maximum
security have their hands tied behind their backs, and we need you to set
an example."

Barbara was prepared to continue the argument,
but Ralph and Peter made the question moot by pulling her arms behind her
back and holding them there until Sue had the handcuffs locked on her wrists.  
Peter dangled a gag where she could see it, so Barbara took the hint and
shut up.  She also knew that she wasn't as upset as she pretended
to be.

The routine of arrest and trial continued. 
People were starting to get into a more relaxed mood, and some of the later
charges were truly bizarre.  One of the warrants to arrest a woman
was presented by another woman.  When the case got to trial Sue read
the charge: "Brandi charges Marsha with Topping from the Bottom."

Much of the crowd didn't know what this meant,
but those that did roared with laughter.  Ralph announced, "I wouldn't
touch that with a ten foot dildo.  Case dismissed."

At the end of the evening and after the last case
had been adjudicated Ralph said, "It's time to adjourn the Kangaroo Court
until next year.  On behalf of the Frontier Days committee I thank
all of you for your help."

Sue interrupted, "Not so fast, Judge.  There
is one more case to try.  Bob charges Barbara with Premature Rejection."

Peter took the chain off Barbara's waist and led
her to the bench while Bob climbed the steps to the courtroom to stand
beside her.  As he passed Sue she gave him the key to Barbara's handcuffs.

Ralph demanded, "Are you guilty, Barbara?"

Barbara looked at Bob and paused for a few minutes
while she remembered the good times they had shared.  Then she admitted,
"Yes, I suppose I am."

Bob said, "I talked with Sue, and I think I understand
what you want in our relationship, even if you can't say it yet. 
Part of the misunderstanding is my fault; I'm normally the take-charge
type, but I worked hard to be less aggressive because you always seemed
to be so aggressive yourself."

"That's a pose I had to adopt to succeed in business;
I just have trouble turning it off away from the job."

"I miss you, Barbara, and I want us to be together
again."  Bob held up the handcuff key.  "Now you have to decide. 
Either I take off the handcuffs and Sue drives you back to her office,
or you go with me as you are and I'll put some structure in your life. 
If you decide to go with me that will be the last decision you have to
make."

Barbara didn't hesitate.  "I want to go with
you.  Master."  Bob kissed her, and she felt herself go all squishy
inside.

"You can call me Sir for now.  We'll take
this one step at a time."

The End

Story copyright©  2001 by Zack. 
All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.  Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.
com
