---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/spandex/storieslz/servinghercountry.html
subcategory: Maid-bot Stories
title: Serving Her Country
authors:
- Jo
tags:
- M+/f+
- court
- sentence
- darlex
- hobble
- gag
- bfold
- transport. bond
- camp
- cons
- X
date: 2011-12-05 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2011 Winter Fetish Story Contest

Kelly stood before the judge, nervous as hell. This had been her third bust for soliciting. She was looking at jail time. It would be worse for Cheryl because of the dope. Cheryl always had dope. They had shared a joint earlier, something to pass the time. The cops hadn't made her pee in a cup ... yet.

"Miss Daniels, you have been charged with soliciting. How do you plead?"

Kelly had no choice. She'd solicited a cop. Open and shut case.

"Guilty, Your Honor."

"Hmm. Well since this is your third strike you understand that probation is not an option."

Kelly nodded.

"But as you were involved in no other illegal activities, I have a certain amount of latitude for your sentencing. So, I will sentence you to two years service."

Service? Community service? What kind of service?

A cop led her out of the courtroom and down the hall, down a flight of stairs, into a room. There were soldiers in the room.

I'm going to be drafted into the army?

Not just soldiers, but three women, two totally encased in black, gagged and blindfolded. The third was feeding her arms into tubes that dangled from a garment of some sort. A female sergeant stepped in front of her.

"Strip."

Kelly hesitated.

"Strip, girl. I ain't got all night."

Yes, she was a whore and on another night she'd be in and out of her clothes doing what she did. But here, in this room with the soldiers, well, it creeped her out. But Kelly stripped.

"Here."

She handed Kelly a diaper.

Kelly blinked at her.

"It ain't rocket science. You put it between your legs and fasted the tabs at your hips. Do it!"

Kelly pressed the diaper between her legs and fastened the tabs.

One of the soldiers was tugging at the back of the garment on the other girl, zipping it. He fed the ends of the sleeves through a loop at her waist and drew her arms behind her. There was a bit more tugging, then he pushed a black ball into her mouth, followed by a blindfold.

"Your turn."

He crouched down, held the end of the tube open. Kelly stepped into it. He tugged it up her legs, up to her ass.

He held up the front of the garment and Kelly slid her hands into the arm holes, the ends were sewn shut and there were straps dangling from the tips. The soldier repeated the process she'd just witnessed. She was soon zipped in, arms wrapped around her waist and fastened together behind her back. She opened her mouth for the ball and realized it had a hole in it and she could breath. Lastly came the blindfold.

"Okay, let's load 'em up."

Someone grabbed her arm, urged her forward. Kelly could take only the smallest of shuffling steps, maybe a couple of inches if that. She was picked up and set down on a cold metal plate. Her world rocked back and then she felt herself rolling across the floor, bumping over something, a bit more roll, another bump and then she was horizontal.

She was picked up and laid on something neither hard nor soft, kind of reminded of her of the cots at summer camp. She felt more tugging as straps were fastened across her chest, waist, knees, and ankles.

Things went quiet for a minute, then the next girl was rolled in and strapped in place and the next and, finally, the last.

There were the thumps of door closing, the vibration of an engine starting, the lurch as the truck started its trip Kelly knew not where.

Some time later, someone fumbled with her gag. She panicked when she realized she couldn't breath through it, but calmed when she used her nose.

"All right, ladies, you've just been fitted with your feeding tubes. The trip will take several days and we want to make sure you arrive in good shape. So you'll be fed a fortified drink twice a day. Not so much to sodden your dipes, but enough to keep you hydrated. When I tell you to suck, suck. When I tell you to stop, stop. Understand? Now I know you can hear me, so nod your head."

Kelly nodded.

"Okay, suck."

Kelly sucked. It tasted like one of those sports drinks, vaguely citrus and bitter, kind of disgusting. But Kelly sucked.

"Okay, stop."

The truck rolled on. Kelly felt kind of dreamy. She had been on an adrenaline rush until now, but her brain was getting foggy. Her last conscious thought was that she had been drugged.

Kelly didn't know how long the trip took. She remembered waking up groggy, told to suck, getting some kind of caffeine buzz, hours of nothing but her thoughts, the lurching of the truck, the evening 'meal' putting her to sleep.

She was awake when the truck beep-beep-beeped its way back up against a wall. There was a thud. The straps were undone. There was no dolly this time, she was merely hefted and carried.

"That it?"

"Yes, Sir, four females."

"No males?"

"No, Sir."

"Hmm. Very well. Let's have a look."

Kelly crammed her eyes shut when the blindfold was removed. The gag followed, then the garment.

She stood naked, hugging herself.

"Mm, not bad. How old is she?"

"Twenty-two, Sir."

"How long you been whoring, missy?"

Kelly blinked, fought the glare.

"Since I was eighteen."

"Usual story, abusive father, yadda yadda yadda?"

"Uh uh, money for college."

"You have a degree?"

"Yes."

"But no job. Hmm, well at least she has some experience. Not like that last batch of sorority girls."

"Okay, let's see what else."

Kelly watched as the others were stripped and questioned.

"Okay, that one goes back. Our boys may be desperate, but not that desperate."

The woman was put back into the garment, gagged, blindfolded, and carried out the door.

"Okay, ladies, here's the deal. Instead of jail, you have been sentenced to serve our troops in a capacity you know well. In another time we fed our boys salt peter to keep their minds out of their crotches, but we found that having access to pussy proved more, er, effective. When you can get it whenever you want, you don't want it as much. It isn't such a, er, distraction."

"You will be housed in barracks and will follow all the rules and procedures our troops do. You will address all senior officers as "Sir" or "Ma'am" though you don't have to salute. The sergeant here is called "Sergeant", not "sarge". Prior to serving a soldier, you will be provided a first name, use it."

"Since we no longer have DADT, you will, on occasion, entertain enlisted females. If you have no experience in this area, you will be provided appropriate training."

"You will be available from reveille to taps, though there will be lulls given the training schedules. Meal times are popular. Some of the men would prefer another activity to a meal, though we discourage it. Generally speaking, you will serve fifteen to twenty solders per day, seven days a week."

"Your performance will be reviewed. If punishment is required, you will be punished as any soldier would be. Rewards will be in for form of cigarettes, lighter duty, taken off rotation on KP and whatnot. Any questions?"

There were none.

"Sergeant, they're all yours."

"Yes, Sir."

The officer left the room, the sergeant turned, smirked, winked at Kelly, and said, "Thank you for your service."
