---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storieslr/maries_escape_challenge.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Marie's Escape Challenge
authors:
- Dodger Fan
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- crate
- FF/m
- chast
- steel
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-12 00:00:00
---

Packaged Story Contest 2005 Entrant

Marie is considered the best female escape artist in the world. Marie
was so confident that she issued an escape challenge. Marie told her last
audience that she could escape any form of binding. Her terms were very
simple if she was unable to escape she would pay him or her 750,000 dollars.
The rules were as follows any form of bindings was acceptable. The location
would be her home in the country. You will get three chances to bind her.
There will be no time limit. She will be nude for every escape challenge.
Also you must leave the room while she is escaping. If she wins the escape
challenge you become her non paid employee for life?

So here I am knocking on her door with a trunk full of my best custom
made restraints. If all goes as I expect I will be flying to Las Vegas
for a vaction?

Marie opens the door and there in front of me is one the most beautiful
woman that I have ever seen. She is wearing a form fitting leather catsuit.
Marie said that it’s late and she said lets have some dinner and then we
could watch her best escapes on dvd.

The dinner went well Marie told me how she became an escape artist.
She said that her sister had been an escape artist and she had taught her
all her tricks. After dinner we began to watch her escapes. She was just
incredible. No matter how well she was tied she could escape in less than
two minutes.

But I was still convinced that I would win this challenge. After we
had watched all of her escapes. We hugged and I kissed her and both of
us went to our rooms. I awoke feeling very confident that this challenge
would be over after the first challenge. As I came down the stairs I saw
this vision of beauty doing yoga in the nude. It took my breath away. She
had one the best figures that any model would envy.

I asked if she wanted to have breakfest first and she said she would
eat after she escaped from the first challenge? Let’s get this party started.
I began to remove the rawhide strips from my trunk. I soaked them in a
bucket of water so that they would tighten when I turned on the four electric
heaters on.

"Marie turn around and put your palms together". I firmly wrapped and
cinched her wrists. Every knot was secure and out of reach of her fingers.

"Marie do your elbows touch? Yes that will make this more secure". Marie’s
elbows knees and ankles were all cinched and tied like her wrists.

Next I wrapped rawhide around her waist and then I went down through
her crouch up between her wrists and then back down though her crouch.
I wrapped rawhide above and below her beautiful breasts. The only thing
left to do was to turn on the four heaters. It took two hours for the rawhide
to tighten. Escape looked to be impossible. I decided to hogtie her just
to be safe. "Marie I am going to have breakfest have fun"

"It won’t take
long I’ll be out in less than three minutes". I started to laugh but I chose
not to.

I left her alone so she could attempt to escape as per her request.
Her bound body was so beautiful that I ran up stairs to get a camera to
take  pictures of  Marie. As I was coming back with the camera
all I found were rawhide strips but no sign of Marie. I found her in the
kitchen eating breakfest.

"Marie how did you escape from that bondage?"

" Better
luck next time."

As we eat breakfest I asked her if she was ready for the next challenge?

"Yes, I took a dip in the pool  to clear my head after such an impossible escape".

For my second challenge I put a hood on Marie. She wouldn’t escape from
this challenge.  I used leather straps first on her wrists, elbows, ankles
and above and below her knees. Then  I put an armbinder over the leather
straps. I had it custom made to fit her. Next came a leather harness that
covered her from her neck to her wrists. I tighten each strap as firmly
as could be done.

I told Marie that I was going to leave here alone again. But since she
was hooded I chose to stay. It was a beautiful sight to watch. Marie tried
everything she could. But after three hours she was still confined in my
bondage. Her efforts were futile all that happen is her body was covered
in sweat.

I had to get a picture of this breathtaking sight. I ran upstairs to
get my camera. As I came down the stairs I saw only leather straps and
a armbinder. Marie had escaped again it was impossible. I found her in
the pool. Marie must have someone helping her. I searched every room, closet, basement and the attic nothing. I found no signs of anyone.

"Marie I am going for a drive to relax". I took my trunk with me. I didn’t
want her to see my last challenge. Marie had gone to bed by the time I returned, so the last challenge
would be tomorrow morning.

Marie came down the stairs with a look in her eye as if she had already
won. "Marie after your yoga do you want to eat breakfest first or after
the challenge".

"No I’ll wait till after I escape".

For my third challenge
I used my custom made steel restraints. This time no escape would be possible
without the keys. 
                         
I began by putting a hood on her so that she couldn’t see how the steel
restraints worked.

"Marie put your wrists together behind your back." Snap
as the steel came together.

"Marie put your elbows together." Snap as the
steel came together.

"Marie put your feet together." Snap as the steel came
together.

"Marie put your knees together." Snap as the steel came together.

"I am going to attach a steel rod to your  neck, elbows, wrists, knees and
ankles." snap snap snap snap snap

"Marie I am almost done I just need
to put the keys in to tighten each restraint. All done have fun I am leaving
now".

"No problem I’ll be out within 5 minutes".

This time there would be no escape. I watched her try to escape for
five hours Marie could only move her fingers and toes. I decided to take
her hood off and ask her if she wanted to give up?

"No I am just getting
started".

"Marie I am going to put you in this crate I wouldn’t want you
to catch a cold". snap snap snap went the three locks, I threw the keys on
the top of the crate and went upstairs to take a shower.

As I was taking the shower I heard a knock on the shower door. I turned
around to see Marie in a leather catsuit carrying rawhide strips in her
hand. I came out of the shower looking for a towel to cover myself. "Marie
how did you escape from that bondage?"

"I am the best escape artist in the world. I want you in the nude give
me that towel, turn around and put your palms together. After she was done
I was tied exacly like I had tied her".

"George we need to go downstairs".

"Marie how am I going to go downstairs with my legs tied like this?"

"George it’s simple I will carry you". Marie picked me up and threw me
over her shoulder. Marie put me in front of the crate. Her twin Marie
was still in the crate just as I had left her. "Now how do you open these
locks? I tried the keys they don’t work".

"Each key must be turned in the
lock a certain number of times".

"If you want the directions I want to be untied".

"You do." Then she picked
me up threw me over shoulder and carried me to the top of the stairs. "This
should change your mind". Melinda tied a rawhide strip around my balls and
then she tied the other end to the rail. "Now what is the code now? Do you
want me to push you down the stairs".

"Alright first lock 4 turns to the
left, second lock 2 turns to the right, third lock 5 turns to the left." snap
snap snap

Marie was out of the crate! "Now what's the code to the steel
restraints. Or do you want to risk losing your balls".

"The wrist code is 6 turns to the left elbow code 3 turns to the right
collar 5 turns to the left knee 4 turns to the right ankles 7 turns to
the left." snap snap snap snap snap Marie was free at last!

"Melinda take
George outside and leave him next to the post. I want the honors of tying
George to the post. I want to take a shower first".

"Melinda can we work something out?"

"No!" Melinda picked up George threw
him over shoulder and carried him outside. Marie came outside wearing a
leather bathing suit. She had a spectacular body.

"George you look like
you need some more rawhide strips?"

"How about you untie me and we call it
even?"

Marie began by tying my waist to the post. Then she tied my chest to
the post. Last came my ankles, "Be right back don’t go anywhere!"

Marie got
a water hose and she must have sprayed that water hose for an hour. "Have
fun George I am going to for a swim".

I could feel the rawhide tighten all over my body as the sun rose. Melinda
came out to see how I was doing. "Melinda could you untie me now."

"George
thats up to Marie to decide".

After nightfall Marie came out to see me. "George time for a new position".
She cut all the rawhide except for the rawhide on my arms. "George hold
still while I put these steel cuffs on your ankles. George it’s time to
put you in your custom made steel restraints. Hurry up George I’ve got
a date tonight."

"I am walking as fast as I can my feet are cuffed".

"George stop moving I need to put my Marie chastity cuff on your penis
and balls. It’s a single, stainless steel handcuff, which is permanently
welded to a steel tube. The cuff locks around the cock and balls, and then
the penis is enclosed by the tube and protrudes out and downward at end.
I’ll just put some lotion inside the steel tube. I suggest you quit moving
while I put this tube over your cock. That is a perfect fit. Now all I
have to is tighten the handcuff around your balls." click click click

Marie cut my rawhide strips after she put handcuffs on my hands behind
my back. Marie then put a rope through ring on top of the steel tube and
tied me to the bed post. "That should hold while I take my shower".

Now’s my chance to escape all I have to do is get this knot untied and
then to get something to open these cuffs. If I pull on this rope
it will loosen and then I can untie it. I’m loose now I need something
to open these cuffs. My trunk, I have handcuff keys in my trunk. I have
to get downstairs before she gets done with her shower. I must hurry there
is no sign of  Melinda. I’m downstairs still no sign of Melinda there’s
the trunk. Now I just have to fit the key in the lock.

As Marie came out of the shower I told her to turn around and put her
arms behind her back. "Marie where’s the key for your chastity cuff?"

" I don’t
have it Melinda's got the key".

"Marie it’s steel restraints time there," snap
snap snap snap snap "I’ll just carry you downstairs to the crate".

"This time I am going use a different code on the steel restraints".

"Marie where is your hidden room located?"

"Under that lamp is switch to
open the door to the room".

"Goodnite Marie," snap snap snap, "have fun in the
crate".

Now to wait for Melinda to come back. I must stay awake until Melinda
gets back. I’ve been waiting all night and there’s no sign of her.
click click click click What’s that I turn around there’s Melinda with
a exact copy of my steel restraints and a stun gun in her hand. "George
that chastity cuff looks great on you. George turn around and put your
arms and legs together". snap snap snap snap snap "George your going to be
great in our escape artist show".

"Now what is the code for Marie, now George you either tell me or I take
that chastity cuff off and use this stun gun on your balls".

"The code to
the crate is First lock 3 turns to the right second lock 5 turns to the
left third lock 2 turns to the right," snap snap snap

"The code to the steel restraints is wrist code is 2 turns to the right
elbow is 5 turns to the left collar 3 turns to the right knee 7 turns to
the left ankles 4 turns to the right," snap snap snap snap snap

"George I’m going to give you the key and the code to the steel restraints. I’ll just attach the key to the ring on top of your chastity cuff tube.
The code is one turn to the left for all of them. It’s crate time George."

"How am I going to reach the key to the steel restraints?"

" Goodnite George"
snap snap snap
