---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tension
authors:
- Soloist
tags:
- Sbm
- toys
- con
- X
date: 2004-01-14 00:00:00
---

**Tension**
by Soloist
Tension by Soloist
The man was cuffed wrists and ankles, spread-eagled on the bed, sweating
and squirming.  He did not know how long he had been in this torment
but he was sure it was well over an hour, probably closer to two. 
Then his muscles tensed, his body going rigid with his back bowed as his
cock reached to heaven for climax.  A moan escaped his hood as he
was yet again denied the relief of orgasm.  All he could do was quietly
sob as he waited for the next time his cock screamed.

It started when he built his first velcro vibrator.  This little
devise is a velcro cockhead sized pouch attached to a penis ring vibrator. 
When the cockhead is contained in this pouch with the velcro needles pressing
in on the sensitive flesh of the cockhead with the vibrator running, exquisite
sensations are produced.  The feelings are so excessive that bondage
is required to better 'enjoy' them.

Initially he restrained himself spread-eagled with the vibrator running
just too slow to bring him to climax.  This was a world of pleasure/torment
that brought him to a degree of excitement never before experienced. 
After an hour or so, a timer would increase the vibrator speed enough to
produce a giant orgasm.  A second timer would release keys allowing
him to free himself.  Definitely a mind blowing experience.

He learned that if he got the high speed set just right, the climax
would be slow coming.  He would be trapped at the peak, on the edge
of climax for some time.  He began to form a plan for how he could
extend that time on the edge.  This would provide yet another level
of pleasure/torment.  The problem is that the cock does not respond
to the vibrations the same every time.  To prevent premature orgasms
he had to set the vibrator speed on the slow side.  This led to the
next generation of tease and torment devices.

The first step was to obtain a strap strain gauge.  This type is
an elastic strip that the amount of strain, due to stretch, can be measured
electrically.  This gauge is connected to a  control box that
could be set to switch when the gauge is stretched a preset amount. 
After experimenting with the various settings, he was ready for the big
test.

His plan was to be spread-eagled, helpless, while the cock vibe was
running just fast enough to slowly bring him an orgasm. The strain gauge
would measure his cock size and detect when the cock expanded due to an
approaching climax.  At a preset point the controller would cut the
vibrator off and keep it off until the cock size decreased.  The the
vibrator would again start the slow rise toward climax.

He stretched out on the bed and secured his legs in the spread position
and positioned the velcro vibrator securely on his cockhead.  Next
he wrapped the strain gauge around his cock just below the vibrator. 
He had a moisture detector disc on the outside of the velcro pouch. 
This would sense if he ejaculates and cause the control box to release
his keys to freedom after five minutes of extra joy.

He threw the switch starting the vibrator and quickly stretched his
arms out, padlocking his wrist cuffs to a chain across the head of the
bed.  He had a timer arbitrarily set for four hours that would finally
release the keys to the padlocks.  He actually anticipated that after
a number of on/off cycles he would be excited enough to climax before the
vibrator could cut off on him.  Then the moisture sensor would set
up his release five minutes later.

The vibe felt wonderful on his cock and he began the slow climb to an
orgasm,.  His muscles began to tense up as he approached climax. 
In his excitement he began to squirm anticipating the orgasm to come.

Then the vibrator stopped!  No wonderful orgasm!  Just frustration!

Just as his heart and breathing were slowing to normal the vibrator
started again.  And when he neared the peak again it stopped. 
And he was off on cycle after cycle after cycle.  He had set the vibrator
speed and tension settings better than he thought possible.

The man was cuffed wrists and ankles, spread-eagled on the bed, sweating
and squirming.  He did not know how long he had been in this torment
but he was sure it was well over an hour, probably closer to two. 
Then his muscles tensed, his body going rigid with his back bowed as his
cock reached to heaven for climax.  A moan escaped his hood as he
was yet again denied the relief of orgasm.  All he could do was quietly
sob as he waited for the next time his cock screamed.  Was this going
to last the whole four hours?
