---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/too_much_pleasure.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Too Much Pleasure
authors:
- Bestlaidtrap
tags:
- Sbf
- machine
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-07-04 00:00:00
---

Feedback welcome. The nature of this story is fantasy. 
Do not try anything in this story at home. 
Any resemblance of the characters in this story to anyone living or dead
is purely coincidental.

It all started so simply.

Wendy had always enjoyed playing with her vibrators more
than actual sex.  It took her a long
time to come to terms with the fact that she was her own best friend when it
came to pushing just the right buttons to get herself to feel SO good.

Since she was 14 and had found her older sisters vibrating
dildo in a drawer and played with it she had been hooked. 
The fear of getting caught borrowing the device instantly had her heart
rate up, and her juices flowing.  So
for a long time she would wait until she had the house to herself, sneak into
her sisters room and play with the dildo.  At
first she would always make herself cum as fast as she could because she was
worried she would get caught.  But
soon there was a certain joy in extending the play... of teasing herself more
and more, for longer and longer before that release. 
Every time she would tease herself more and more, for longer and longer,
and each time her orgasms would grow in strength the longer she held off.

Finally the day she had waited for for years came. 
Her sister and the rest of her family had left on a vacation without her,
as she had to stay home for summer school. 
With everyone out of the house, and her at a respectable age of 17 and
able to fend for herself, she finally could play at her leisure.

She soon found that she could prolong her anticipation, and
teasing for a long long time, and if she waited long enough before she gave in
and pressed the vibrator hard against her clit to cum, she could not only have a
mind blowing orgasm, but also extend the orgasm for a long time, rocketing
through wave after wave of pleasure until she finally could not take any more of
the intense orgasm and would have to turn off the machine and rest.

She was in heaven.

\* \* \*

8 years later Wendy was a very different person. 
She had, however, never forgotten what she had learned on that first time
alone.

She was now alone all the time.  Her parents had died in a car accident 5 years before, and
had left a huge insurance settlement, a large house and other assets to split
between her and her sister.  They
were both set for a good long time, with more than enough money to do whatever
they wanted with their lives.  Her
sister, who was always the do-gooder of the family had moved to Africa to help
at an orphanage and to deal with her parents death. 
Neither had spoken in years, though there was no bad blood.  
Instead of moving to a foreign land, Wendy had gone to university and
studied technology with a mad passion.

She had never been involved with any men (who needs them
when you can make yourself feel this good?) and had dedicated herself to her
schooling and work so much that she didn’t have any friends either. 
In fact, after she finished her degree in engineering she had dedicated
her entire life to the pursuit of one dream. 
The perfect sex toy.

A quick scan of the bookshelf in her isolated country house
would reveal little of the kinky nature of her work, but it would show that she
was well read and incredibly intelligent.  Texts
on mechanical design, robotics, automation, computer software design,
vibrational analysis, physiology, neurology, medicine and material science were
stacked floor to ceiling in her laboratory. 
Workbenches were clean and organized but populated with motors, pumps,
sensors, wire, and other less technical and distinctly more sexual odds and
ends.

It was at these work benches that she had completed the
designs of some of her best vibrators.  Devices
designed specifically to be able to output everything from the smallest gyration
to the most intense vibration and thrusting that could be taken by the female
anatomy without pain (and even then, only when truly aroused... to use them at
full power without warming up would certainly be extremely painful). 
Generations of vibrators had been built in this little room, then happily
tested on herself in her bedroom.

Each one was better than the last, until she finally had
created a machine that could be set to any amount of stimulation she wanted. 
In her skilled hands this vibrator could make her cum in seconds, or keep
her on the brink for hours by the adjustment of just a few controls for
frequency and intensity of vibration, thrusting speed, and stroke depth. 
The device also had an independent vibrator for over her clitoris and
one to slide into her back passage.  She
was incredibly proud of her creation and she loved it very much. 
She transferred all of her passion that might otherwise have gone into
the love of a lover into her self made perfect machine.

Another piece of the puzzle came into play when she had
started to mount electrodes on her skin, connected to a sophisticated monitoring
system she had developed for her computer, and began to record her play. 
Each time she would play with the machine (which was also hooked to the
computer for monitoring of power settings and such) she would let the computer
record her biological responses to teasing, and toying and then the orgasms that
finally came, and stayed for as long as she could keep herself from switching
off the vibrator.  She would even
press a button so the computer could pinpoint the moment of climax and begin to
formulate a mathematical model of her body’s reaction to the stimulation.

For years she had been working on the system. 
For years she had been perfecting it, writing software that began to
control the vibrator’s output for her.  Recently
she had achieved her final goal.

She had made the machine understand her better than she
understood herself.  After all of
these sessions the computer simply had to be told what she wanted the
vibrator’s effect to be on her body and the computer could control the
vibrator and monitor her body until the desired effects were achieved.

By setting up simple programs she had tested the machine. 
The first was simple.

Stage 1: Raise her body to orgasm as quickly as possible
without pain Stage 2: After orgasm, STOP.

It worked perfectly, and less than a minute after
initiating the program she was panting on her bed wondering how the machine had
made her climb that mountain so fast and so hard!

Wanting to make the whole thing hands free she had needed
to put the vibrator machine into some sort of harness to attach it to her body. 
After a good search of the internet, the best platform she could find was
a chastity belt.  By building the
vibrator units right into the crotch strap of the chastity belt and strapping it
on herself she could keep everything firmly in exactly the place she needed it
while she controlled the computer, and later while the computer controlled her.

Testing continued.  She
wanted to see how the machine would be at bringing her to the verge of orgasm
and holding her there.  The next
program was written.

Stage 1: Raise her body to the brink of orgasm and hold it
there, just shy of release Stage 2: Once she finally orgasmed, STOP.

To say that that was a long night would be an
understatement.  According to the
wall clock she had lasted over 8 hours of torment before she could take no more
teasing (RIGHT on the edge of that wonderful precipice) and had unlocked the
chastity belt and freed herself from her own creation.  
Minutes later she had finished the job on herself with a hand held
vibrator and had had an absolutely enormous orgasm. 
She slept the whole next day with a smile on her face.

The system was working perfectly.  Her every command was met by it, and it’s control over her
sexual release was complete.  A day
later (and recovered from that massive orgasm) she decided to try out the other
element of her self-pleasure that the machine had learned to control. 
The 3rd program was entered.

Stage 1: Bring her body to orgasm as quickly as possible.

Stage 2: When at orgasm, keep her at orgasm.

Stage 3: When the orgasm ended, STOP.

Wendy was shocked at the results.  The machine brought her to a fairly strong orgasm within a
minute as it did the first time, but this time it did exactly the right stuff to
keep her there... and keep her there... and keep her there! 
She thought her mind would explode from the constant pleasure gripping
her loins and spreading out like fire through her body.  
She lasted about 5 minutes of constant pleasure before she scrambled for
the keys and unlocked the beast from herself and ended the joy.

She was shaking for an hour with the intensity of it. 
Then she grinned...  this was
like a new game.

How long could she endure that pleasure torture?

Over weeks she would try for new personal bests. 
Getting up to over 12 minutes of constant orgasm and imagining that she
had found heaven.  After a while though the pleasure was just too much for her
and she started to get scared that it would never end, that she would lose
control of herself for too long and hurt her body or mind with this feverish
climax.

And yet, the more she wondered about it, the more she
wondered what it would feel like to go beyond her own limits.  To
be forced to break that 12 minute record.  To
lose control?    This thought excited her more than any other
sexual though of her life.  It
reminded her of that fear of getting caught by her family while masturbating!  A new fear... a new pleasure.

She spent a week designing a restraint system for herself. 
Something to stop her from stopping the computer before it finished
it’s work with her.  Something
that would make her her own willing and unwilling slave for as long as she
designed the system to hold her.  .

She rigged up some magnetic locking cuffs to the 4 corners
of her bed on ratcheted chains so that she could close the locks on her arms and
legs, lay back in bed and stretch out into a spread eagle. 
As she moved the sprung and ratcheted chains would retract with her
motions but not give back any slack.  The
further she stretched the more helplessly bound she would be. 
In a full spread eagle she had no chance to reach her keys and unlock the
belt, or to pull the wires from the computer or power systems, or reach the
computer and change it’s programming or shut it off. 
The computer could sense the tension on the chains as she pulled on them,
and this would be how she could signal the computer. 
Only when the program was complete and the locks were released could she
regain her freedom.  And that
freedom included the control over her own orgasms.

She tested the ratchets and locks extensively. 
Making sure that there was no way that the system could have a bug and
trap her.  She didn’t want to end
up stuck in her own trap forever... yet, she didn’t want to make it easy to
release herself.  She needed a way
to push that limit.  Her new program
was born.

Stage 1: Slowly bring her to the brink of an orgasm, hold
there for 2 hours (to give herself a tough teasing before leaping into her
longest orgasm ever... beyond her own “Limits”)

Stage 2: Push her into a huge orgasm and hold her body
there for at least 15 minutes (longer than she had ever managed... and after 2
hours of teasing this would probably be a big orgasm!... Her heart pounded as
she wrote the code, knowing this would feel so good yet be so torturous) and
continue to force her to orgasm until the release conditions were met.

Release conditions: The conditions for her release were
simple (or so she thought) if she could wait the full 15 minutes of orgasm
without pulling on the chains she would be released.  However, every time she lost control of herself and pulled on
the chains she would be held an extra 2 minutes. 
She decided that to be safe, she should put an upper limit on the time of
60 minutes (which she already knew would be a mind bending stint of orgasm!) so
she set the release torture to only take inputs until it had added an extra 22
pulls on the chain adding 2 minutes each.  After
that, no matter what she would be free.

She dutifully programmed it in... and her palms were
sweating as she typed away, considering what she was about to do to herself!

With all of her work finally done, she simply could not
wait to try it out.  She stripped
off her clothes, noting how incredibly wet and turned on she was, and began to
prepare herself for the journey of her life.

She lay on the bed and made sure all the connections to her
mechanized chastity belt were tight and hooked into the right part of the
computer system.  Then she connected
the sensors to her body so the computer would know exactly what she was feeling
and how it was affecting her.  That
done there was only 2 things left to do.

She walked over to the computer, swiveled it’s monitor
around so she could see the program working (it had countdown timers on the
screen to allow her to know how much time she had left... maybe someday she
would try this game blind... but not the first time!) and gingerly pressed the
enter button.  The program started
and she felt the first tingles in her pussy from her beautifully designed
friend.

Already feeling horny and rapidly growing in arousal she
knew that she had to lock herself into the straps before she chickened out. 
She sat down in the middle of the bed and locked the two cuffs around her
ankles, then one around her left wrist.  She
paused, this was getting to the point of no return. 
She could still reach the keys from here with her right hand and unlock
herself from the vibrating chastity belt... she would have to wait out the
magnetic locks on the 3 cuffs though.  
With her eyes closed and moving before she could think about it she
snapped the 4th cuff home.  The
snap of the magnetic lock sent a shiver through her whole body (helped not a
little by the ramping up of the vibrations, thrusting and general wonderful
feelings coming from her belt).

In her last action as a free woman before the machine took
full control of her body for the next 2 hours and 15 minutes at least was to lie
back and slowly stretch her arms and legs as far towards the bedposts as she
could.

The chains dutifully did their work and retracted into
their new housings on the bedposts and when she tested her bonds she knew she
was really and truly stuck.  Another
pull... this with all her might and with a small stroke of fear behind it
didn’t budge an inch (though a red signal showed on the screen indicating that
the computer had felt her tugging).

She almost came right then and there from the excitement
mixed with fear of the whole situation.  the
computer had other ideas though.  It
was told to NOT let her orgasm for 2 hours and it was determined. 
As excited as she was, right on the edge, it dropped the vibrations to a
tiny quiver and she moaned in pleasure and anticipation... desperately wanting
to tumble into orgasm now, but also reveling in the wait on the edge.

And so It went for the next 2 hours. 
The counter counted down the seconds, minutes and hours, and Wendy hung
on the edge of what she was sure would be her biggest orgasm ever. 
She was scared about what it would be like to be forced to cum for 15
minutes. She wondered why she had set the timer to go up as high as the extra 44
minutes that those pulls would allow.  
She was worried that she would not be able to lie still when the vibrator
finally did kick into overdrive and drive her willing or unwilling into that
endless orgasm.  She though it might
be a long afternoon.

She watched, moaning after 2 hours of teasing torture in
her bondage as the counter finally ticked away those last few seconds.

3... 2... 1... 15:00

The counter jumped up to show the second stage had started
and then started counting down again.  She
saw it displaying 14:58 when the vibrator kicked up to full power and drove her
instantly into a massive orgasm!  She
tried in vain to lie still and only have to deal with this incredible,
insatiable, unstoppable force of pleasure... she lasted all of 10 seconds before
her arms and legs tensed up in an attempt to pull herself free. 
It was too much, it felt too good.  She
was afraid.

She felt no give in the chains... they held her fast and
she screamed out loud.  Nobody was
around for miles to hear her (and of course, given the nature of her project she
had had her room soundproofed and her windows tinted so she was truly alone).  
Her heart pounded as she realized that this had bought her another 2
minutes of pleasure torture before she would be released.

She wondered how she would just keep breathing through the
almost 17 minutes left now.  She
knew she had bitten off more than she could chew.

The orgasm rolled on. 
If anything it was only getting bigger and more overwhelming for Wendy.

She looked over at the monitor to see how she was doing on
time and her heart almost stopped (though the feelings in her loins did not).

The monitor’s counter showed. 28:12 and counting down.

That’s not right... that would have had to have added
something over 14 minutes to the time!!! She thought.   How is that possible! 
How am I going to last that long!!! 
That’s not right!

The panic set in (fueling her orgasm to an even more
frenzied plateau) and she inadvertently yanked at the chains that held her
tightly to the bed in a wide spread eagle as the vibrators had their way with
her.

The red sensor indicator blinked with her pull on the
chains and the clock

jumped to 56:20

Oh my god!  I
must have hit a wrong keystroke and instead of each pull adding 2 minutes to the
clock, it must be multiplying the clock by 2!!! She realized. 
She went into a total frenzy pulling on the chains in a blind and
thoughtless panic to get free of this relentless orgasm that would now hold her
for over 56 minutes according to the clock.

She yanked and the clock read 112:32

A few seconds later she pulled and the clock read 224:58

She wasn’t looking at the clock though... she was
struggling for her release.  Still
the vibrators buzzed away and the computer sensed her every response. 
It continued to tailor the merciless machine to fuel the onslaught on her
sex.  In her orgasmic fury she
jerked and thrashed and tensed against the unmoving cuffs with all her might
over and over again as the counter leapt up multiplying by 2 times each time she
tripped the sensor.

Eventually the screen displayed a new message:

Release Addition limit reached: 22 instances of sensor
activation.

The counter read 58,720,283:28 and it slowly ticked off the
seconds as it counted down to the end of Wendy’s longest orgasm. 
She screamed in pleasure and terror at the monitor and continued to pull
on the chains she created, while the system she had dreamed of and perfected
made all of her wildest fantasies into a pleasure nightmare without end.

--

Post Script:

58,720,283 Minutes is..

978,670 hours is...

40,777 Days is...

111 years

Give or take.

Wendy, being well educated and good at math, did manage to
make this calculation in her head, even while being treated to her nightmare
orgasm and it’s brain clouding frenzy.  It
was at that point that something snapped in her mind. 
The thought of the rest of her life spent strapped to her machine, in a
perfect orgasm without end was both horrifying and wonderful at once.

As luck would have she might just be rescued.

But not without consequences.

She would be forever changed by her experiences.

To be continued...
