---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/the_disappearance_of_ella_bloom.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Disappearance of Ella Bloom
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- M+/f+
- mittens
- petgirl
- catgirl
- mask
- gag
- harness
- leash
- anal
- buttplug
- kidnap
- training
- cuffs
- oral
- sex
- strip
- mast
- collar
- conditioning
- nc
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2025-07-13 00:00:00
---

#### **Intro**

Ella is a 21 years young woman who lives alone in a single bedroom house in Bristol in the United Kingdom.

Her body is blessed with a firm C-cup and she stands about 145cm tall with a cute round butt and a well defined waistline. Her face is rather plain but has a natural attractiveness to it. Her weight generally hovers between 45-50 kilograms. She has brown hair which almost reaches the small of her back.

Her favorite hair style is a simple braid or a ponytail. And she uses light make-up like eye shadow or a subtle shade of lipstick from time to time. But she usually doesn't bother.

She has never had a serious boyfriend other than some typical short-lived dating any woman of her age does. And being a bit of an introvert she has few real friends. Her parents live on the other side of the city but she only occasionally visits them.

Ella isn’t very assertive or driven and as such has trouble finding success in life. Without a clear goal or passion she finds it hard to keep jobs. She easily gets bored with her work after a few weeks or months. On a few occasions she didn’t even finish the trial period. Or when she does she’s not very passionate or involved in her duties.

She has been living by herself for just over a year and has been struggling to make ends meet ever since. But Ella, so far, has been ignorant to the fact that it's been a slow downward spiral towards being broke and failing to be independent.

Most recently she tried her hand at Tiktok fame. Thinking it would be easy money and uploaded a slew of videos of her doing silly dances and giving little rants and opinions in short videos.

Her videos do not get much views and editing them is way harder than she anticipated. Plus, managing the associated accounts and not making money with it is not much fun.

#### **1 - The job offer**

Ella has been chatting with someone called Joe for a few days. They’re in the process of getting to know each other and he just found out that she is looking for a job.

"Any kind of job for the summer. But longer if it works out." Ella repeats.

"Any kind eh?" He writes. "I always have a few openings in customer services if you're up for it?"

Joe had found her videos and laughed at her silly opinions, she has a clear voice too. Out of bored curiosity he decided to send a message to her and maybe strike up a chat. He was pleasantly surprised that she responded within a few days. And more so that she lives in the same general area.

He lives and works in Bath, which is a city near Bristol.

Ella wonders what kind of service she would have to provide.

Joe assures her it isn't all that complicated. She would work at the Bath office. After some training, her duties consist of handling phone support.

“So it’s like a call center helpdesk kind of job? I can do that…” Ella responds.

“Yes, exactly that.” Joe confirms.

Upon asking what kind of requests she'd have to handle Joe is a bit vague, citing privacy. “We’re a big company providing support for all kinds of software. You’d mainly be helping people using financial Forex software. I or someone will explain it all in more detail once you have signed your contract.” Joe explains.

Ella is getting more and more curious, she has no idea what Forex software is. But since she needs money for her rent that’s due in a week or so, she’s more focused on getting paid than the actual work she has to do.

“And ehh, what does that pay? It’s a good salary?”

"Ehh, well, there is a trial of 2 weeks. This is mostly spent on training. And if you get through that, the pay increases. For the trial period the salary is just under 800 pounds." Joe promises. "But the regular salary for a month will be around 2200. It’s kind of a take it or leave it deal, but it’s above market average.” he continues.

Sounds reasonable Ella thinks. 2200 quid per month isn’t bad at all.

"Alright," She agrees. "And where is the office?"

Joe tells her the support center is located in Bath, 45 minutes southeast of Bristol. But for today she can come to their other business which is in Bristol and go over the contract there.

The person she’ll meet will fill her in and discuss the options.

"Oh right." Ella replies. "Sounds weird, but fine, I'll do it. When can I start?"

“You can also come to Bath if you prefer. But surely the Bristol location is closer to you.” Joe tries to make it easy for Ella.

"And if you have time we can discuss things further this afternoon, it being a Friday." Joe offers knowing she needs money very soon. “Then once all the paperwork is done you could start on Monday. That’ll be in the Bath location of-course.”

"Yeah, ok. I get it. So I go for the interview first?"

"I'm sure you'll do fine for the job. You're not shy on the phone, right?" Joe assures her, dismissing the interview. “Most calls are all scripted out…”

"Oh ok, no I'm not shy. I think. So it's easy work then?" Ella asks.

Joe ignores her last comment and continues, "I'll need your full name, your address and email address and I'll send you a digital copy of your contract, so you can review it."

"Oh, ok," Ella says again and without a 2nd thought types out her home address and email address.

A few minutes later Joe sends her a PDF document which contains her contract. If she likes the terms she can come to the office and talk things over in more detail and when all is agreed, sign a printed copy there.

"And pay close attention to the details in the contract, like your full name and salary but also vacation days and stuff, just make sure it’s all correct and to your liking. If not, discuss it at the office."

Knowing these youngsters barely ever read full documents.

Ella glances over the contract which is full of legalese about trade secrets for their work method and policies, customer privacy and non-disclosure. It outlines her duties on page 3, which is full time phone support.

After staring at the first 3 pages she skips to the end, trusting Joe. He is a friendly guy after-all. On the last page she sees her payment mentioned which is to be made out through a bank transfer, and thinks she’s getting a good deal.

"Ok, I've read it, it sounds good. Now what?" Ella asks. Joe sits at his computer, baffled by how quick she agreed clearly not having read the contract fully. He cautiously asks if she's really sure she wants the job.

Ella types "YES!"

Joe shakes his head. This is way too easy sometimes, he smirks, already thinking about his signing bonus. "Great Ella, welcome aboard I guess. If you come to the office now we can process everything before the weekend."

“Uh-huh! I’ll be there within the hour.” Ella types.

She then changes into a pair of cotton pants along with her favorite blouse and heads out to the indicated address on her bicycle.

Joe meanwhile notifies the receptionist in Bristol that Ella is coming right now for a job. Assuming she’ll take care of the rest.

It’s a fairly short drive and about 20 minutes later she stands in front of a boring looking building a few blocks from the city center. Looking at the building a doubt creeps into her head. It exudes a negative energy. And, to Ella it doesn't look like an office building at all. Not what she expected.

“Who cares, I’ll work in Bath anyway…” She murmurs to herself.

She puts her bike next to the entrance and peers through the glass. Inside is a marble tiled lobby with a big desk and a potted plant next to it.

‘That looks office-like,’ she thinks.

She pushes the door open and steps inside. Looking around nervously, before walking towards the desk where a woman wearing way too much make-up is sitting.

"Hello? I'm here for a Job, Joe sent for me. I'm Ella." She introduces herself.

A woman sitting behind the desk looks up, "Oh yes, Ms. Bloom? We've been expecting you. Please wait here."

Ella looks around but sees nowhere to sit. "Ehh, ok…"

A minute or so later a handsome looking man walks into the lobby and invites Ella to a small office where he introduces himself as John. Ella introduces herself with a simple 'Hello!' and asks if Joe told him about her, but John is preoccupied with printing her contract.

"Are you sure you're up for working in our special services business?" He asks, looking Ellas tiny frame up and down.

"Uhh, yea I think so, it's just helping customers right? Joe said…"

"Right. You'll be helping customers alright.” John interrupts her. “I'm only asking because usually women with your physique are not up to the task, it's long hours, which will be intense. And not every client is as friendly or considerate." He looks at her with a frown, not sure if she understands what's about to happen.

"My physique?” Not sure what that has to do with phone calls, Ella blinks at John.

“Yea well, seeing you’re of a rather small build, petite even. But if you think you can handle it. Surely you’ll be loved by our clients when they get their hands on you.”

“Right, but I’m fine with people. I’ll just talk to them and figure out what they want. Joe said there is a script,” she assures John with an innocent smile. John makes it sound like she'll be working in a store, face to face with people. So weird.

At the same time, John wonders who Joe is and smiles back at her, "Fine then. Let’s get started. Shall we?“

Ella nods and he grabs her contract from the printer and puts it in front of her. She quickly glances at the first page and sees it's a lot of legalese again. It looks all the same as what she looked at at home, skips to page 8 and notices her salary is way too high.

Smirking at the 6250 pounds salary Ella signs on the dotted line. She is so preoccupied with the salary that she doesn't even notice the contract has the wrong name on it.

John looks at her, welcomes her and puts the papers aside. “So you know what's next?"

"Yea," Ella replies nodding energetically, "2 weeks to start and I'm paid via the bank." It being the only thing she remembers from the contract and that’s what Joe had told her.

"Correct. Well when you're ready, please follow me. Do you want a drink?" John gets up and holds out a bottle of water with a red label.

"Eh, Now? I thought I’d start Monday…”

“Oh, but usually girls start right away.” John argues.

“Oh ok. Then I'll have a drink," Ella nods, thinking she’ll be talking a lot for the afternoon and takes a couple of big swigs.

‘Everything is weird… And shouldn’t I go to Bath?’ she thinks.

Before she can ask any questions Ella feels her knees go weak. She's suddenly feeling extremely tired. "John…" she gasps. "Help, what's… hape…"

“Don’t worry Zoey, this is how you start, remember?”

“Who’s Zoey?” Ella mumbles and she sinks through her knees and slumps back in her chair. She’s unconscious before her back touches the backrest.

John already expected this and quickly picks up her limp body and carries her into a room adjoining his office and puts her on a table that’s not unlike one of those steel tables they use in mortuaries.

He then strips off her clothes and neatly folds everything and puts it along with all her possessions into a plastic container with a sticker with ‘Zoey’ written on it. On top he puts a copy of her contract and then he puts the container in a stack of 7 similar ones in the corner of the room.

Next he briefly inspects Ella's body and finds it in good enough health, her smooth skin has no blemishes at all. He admires her long brown hair that frames her face for a moment. Gently rubbing her pussy he notes she's completely smooth as if she shaved this morning.

"That saves some time," he mutters.

He realizes he didn’t ask her what her sexual preferences are and after a moment of doubt he shrugs and wheels the table to a messy room down the hallway. It looks like a hobbyist workshop.

Setting the brake he then calls out to his colleague, “Quinn, here’s the first one for today! I’ll send you her info in a minute!” Not waiting for a reply he returns to his office to prepare her profile.

Back at his desk he also remembers he should have taken her information for her info sheet. And while he's thinking about what to put on it, the receptionist notifies him that Zoey has just arrived.

"Zoey?" He asks back. "But she's already in processing…"

"Eh, no… You were meeting with Ella Bloom just now." The receptionist corrects him.

"Oh, crap… But they’re both here for the cat job? Right?"

"Yep. As far as I know…" The receptionist confirms with a sigh.

"Yeah, ok… Thanks, I'll be there in a minute."

John quickly prints out a contract with her name on it and signs it with Ella’s simplistic signature and the problem is solved.

The first contract goes in the shredder and without a 2nd thought the evidence of his stupidity is erased and he walks out to meet the real Zoey.

#### **2 - Preparations**

Zoey loves this stuff, this will be her 6th time. She has never met John before. Instead Quinn had been her handler until he moved on to work in the workshop. Zoey once again really needs the money and tries to talk John into paying more in exchange for lifting one of her few limits.

John is only half listening and agrees without thinking, he’s focused on filling out Ella’s profile with fake information. Just about the only truthful thing in it is her name, age and thumbnail photo. He clicks save and sends the profile to Quinn and focuses on Zoey, who looks impatiently at him.

“What’s that? Limits removed?” he asks.

“Yeah, you know. In exchange for more money. As I just told you. I really need it.” Zoey repeats herself.

“Oh yea, sure sure. What limit would you have lifted?” John wants to know, loading up her file.

“Surprise me…” Zoey waves away her decision.

“And how much more did you have in mind?” John wants to know next.

“Ehm, 3000 quid extra?” Zoey tries.

“Tell you what, I’ll double the pay if you double your time.” John offers, drawing a blank.

“No can’t do. I need to be somewhere in 3 weeks.” Zoey counters.

John ‘hmms’. He is not that creatively perverted, he has no idea what else they can do to Zoey. So he leaves that choice to Quinn.

“Well, talk to Quinn. He’s doing preparations these days. You’ve met Quinn before, right?”

Zoey nods. “Quinn always had many ideas and knew what to do…” comes her unsubtle response.

“Yeah yea, I just started a week ago, OK?” John argues. “Anyway, same profile and preferences as last time?”

“Yeah, just the removed limit.” Zoey agrees.

After some back and forth they settle on 1200 pounds extra and Zoey will discuss what limit will be removed with Quinn.

This satisfies Zoey and they chit-chat for a bit while John updates her file with the new arrangement, and they wait for Quinn to finish with Ella.

Zoey doesn’t want to be unconscious while she’s prepared. She’s not falling for that again.

Quinn, meanwhile, is busy in his workshop and admires Ella who is looking very peaceful as she lies unconscious on the table.

He stares at her naked body wondering why she would choose this role, and for 2 weeks no less. Somehow Ella doesn’t strike him as a resilient girl who can take 2 weeks of abuse. Certainly not with as little limits as her profile indicates.

Ella of-course hasn’t made any such choice. But John did.

“Oh well, It’s your mistake to make… Pet girl it is,” he smirks.

Getting started, he rummages through the supply cabinet and finds mittens for Ella. The mittens have no fingers and resemble cat paws, complete with a fur-like skin on the outside.

Inside is a cavity for her hands, also without space for stretched out fingers. Working the mitts onto her hands is a bit difficult, mostly because her fingers need to curl up just right to fit her hand inside. This is always a bit finicky with unconscious girls, but he manages after a few attempts.

Pressing her hand flat while tightening the zipper her fingers are squished almost flat. The zipper goes under a wrist strap which is locked shut with a tiny padlock and Ella’s hands are useless.

He then slips straight boots over Ella’s feet and lower legs. These go on much easier and are worn like ballet boots, forcing her feet in an en-pointe position, this’ll prevent Ella from standing. The cat fur comes up to just under the knee. The main difference with real boots is that there is no heel, but instead a molded steel strip extends down from her calf over over the back of her heel down the length of her foot almost to her toes.

These are zipped up and locked shut around the ankle. And Ella’s feet can no longer bend or move at her ankle. This makes it so that she can not walk, but instead has to crawl on her knees.

Next is her cat mask, which is a sturdy clamshell-like full head covering. Inside is soft padding, fully enclosing the wearer's head. On the outside it resembles a cat face. Complete with fur, whiskers and pointy ears.

The mouth can not move but is slightly open, barely enough to slip a pinky-finger through. This is how Ella breathes. Inside the mouth is a squishy rubbery gag. Two small tubes sit in her nose so she can breathe that way as well.

Quinn bunches up her hair and holds the rear half of the mask against Ella’s head catching the hair inside. He then swivels the front in place. Working the gag into her mouth and positioning the nose tubes. The gag is shaped like a long sausage and just barely fits in her mouth. When he pushes the mask fully closed the gag almost touches her throat.

Through the length of the flaccid dildo runs an air channel that lets Ella breathe, and when she makes a sound her voice is deformed and sounds like a mewling cat. Her eyes are covered but if she looks straight ahead there are 2 tiny holes for some very limited vision. The cat ears let sound through so Ella can hear what’s going on around her.

Quinn checks the position of the mask and clicks it closed. Locking it with clasps on either side of her head. He then re-arranges the cat like skin so it sits over the seam and it and the locks are hidden.

A wide leather collar goes around her neck. On the front is a steel loop from which a name-tag dangles. On it he writes ‘ELLA’ with a black marker. And on the same loop he clips a leash which for now is just dangling from the side of the table.

For the final touch a body harness is put on her, soft brown straps criss-cross her torso. Circling her breasts and hips, around her shoulders and meeting on 2 central points on her back in steel rings. When that’s in place it too is locked on with a tiny padlock and on the lower ring a long cat tail is connected.

Being pretty much done Quinn picks her up and pushes her into a spacious dog carrier. Being unconscious Ella sort of crumbles on the floor right inside the door and lays in an awkward position. Completely unaware of what’s happening to her.

On the door is a clear plastic sleeve for some information about the cat inside.

Next Quinn prints the info sheet. On it is her basic information, similar to how pet asylums sometimes have details about the pets they have on offer. It lists her name, age, race, hair color, favorite color and food and a few more of such basic details.

It goes on to specify a few sexual preferences, including anal and spanking. No limits are specified.

In her 'bio' a short intro is written where Ella states that she's excited to be a pet and that she’s up for anything.

Looking through the door he stares at her excellent butt that sticks up leaning sideways against the carrier wall. He absentmindedly reaches inside and gently probes her vagina, which elicits a soft moan from Ella and causes her to stir.

He then closes the door and places the information sheet into the sleeve.

“Well Ella… Hope you know what you’re doing.” Quinn mumbles to himself. He’s a people person with a good sense of someone’s capabilities and wants. He thinks Ella shouldn’t be a pet girl. If anything, just be a regular escort girl. But her profile says she wants it like this so who’s he to argue.

He grunts as he lifts Ella’s carrier onto a low cart and wheels her to the side so he can prepare Zoey.

She happily talks to Quinn, insinuating John is a bit of an asshat. Quinn gives her a brief hug and they set on to prepare her for her role.

Minutes later she's naked and folds her fingers so Quinn can put the mittens on her hands. Casually chatting to him throughout the procedure as her boots are put on. The body harness is strapped on tight.

She brought a flimsy hairnet to stuff her hair in which Quinn laughs at the clever idea. He never thought of using such a thing and makes a mental note to order them in bulk for future girls. Little things like this, and the enjoyment of what they do here. He likes Zoey a lot for that.

"Open wide…" Quinn instructs her.

"Wait!" Zoey interrupts him. "We need to talk about the new limits."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yes. John agreed to remove a limit and to increase my pay." Zoey proudly announces.

"Right. But you have so few limits already… I don't know." Quinn hesitates.

They look at each other for a moment and smile.

"Surprise me…" Zoey says and opens her mouth to receive the mask dildo.

Quinn says nothing and feeds the flaccid dildo between her teeth. He has no idea what to do with Zoey, she has pretty much no-limits already. So his best idea is to play a psychological game.

Just before Quinn closes her mask he whispers in her ear that her 2 week limit will be extended to 2 months with no breaks in the clinic.

Zoey’s eyes go wide and she starts to make a noise, but the mask is clicked closed and locked. That wasn't the deal, and she feels betrayed. Of-course she doesn’t know what’s real and what’s not and she struggles helplessly thinking it’s a huge breach of her contract to keep her for that long.

She’s then shoved into her dog carrier and whines to be let out and renegotiate. But only the mewling of a cat is heard. The simple lie causes her so much stress that she's suddenly not at all looking forward to the coming weeks anymore.

Joe meanwhile edits her profile to allow rough anal sex, instead of just 'regular' anal sex. A fairly mundane change for someone like Zoey, he thinks.

#### **3 - Play thing**

Ella is waking up. Feeling a weird pressure on her head and a cramp in her fingers. She opens her eyes and sees… nothing.

She tries to open her mouth but feels that she can't. Her throat feels weird too, like something is stuck in there. She chokes up and gags but can't dislodge the thing pushing against her throat.

Starting to panic she instinctively tries to breathe deeply and finds this very hard. This freaks her out immensely and Ella starts to struggle and make noises. Every time she moans and groans there is a mewling, wheezing sound.

After a few minutes she calms down a bit, getting used to her filled mouth. At-least no more gagging.

Quickly having enough of this, Ella tries to get up.

Pushing herself upright she immediately bumps her head into the roof of the dog carrier.

‘What the fuck?’ she thinks.

After feeling around for a while she comes to the conclusion she’s in some sort of chest. This feels completely surreal and unable to see what’s going on she might still be dreaming. Is she still dreaming? One of those super realistic nightmares?

She wants to wake up, but finds she is wide awake. Or so she assumes. Nothing makes sense really.

She then feels movement, her tiny world is moving. Gliding forwards, sideways, down, forwards again. She sees nothing of this, nor does she hear anything else than a rustling sound of a cart or something and footsteps.

With a slight shock she stops moving. A tilting flying motion and she’s set down somewhere with a dull thud.

‘Now what?’ she thinks.

Unknown to her, she and Zoey have been placed in a larger room. 3 other carriers are there as well. Sort of haphazardly placed, but all facing a glass wall. Each contains a pet girl.

Ella panicky wonders what the fuck is going on. How did she get into this? And vaguely remembers going into a building for a job and then nothing. ‘So weird,’ she thinks, and considers she must be having a nightmare. But somehow that doesn’t seem true.

Outside of the room in the guest lobby her and Zoey's info sheets are displayed on a screen. A flashy label is drawing attention to her like a cheap promotion, offering her and Zoey as the new pets for the next 2 weeks. This draws the interest from customers as there hasn't been much change in kinky girls lately.

Most women working there wear the mandatory cat-ear headband, but otherwise are regular escorts.

People walk past the large glass wall and A few of them wonder if the women actually enjoy being a cat or if it’s just for money. They’re the people who are mostly here to fuck a regular woman.

A more niche clientele read the info sheets with much more interest and are actually curious to learn more about the new pets as that is their thing.

After a few minutes the first person steps into the room and opens Ella’s carrier. The man reaches inside for her leash and pulls her out. She’s tugged along to a different area, at first Ella tries to stand but she quickly finds that with her feet forced into a pointy position it’s impossible.

When she tries again she’s yanked to the floor by her leash indicating that she has to crawl on her hands and knees.

“Walk like a cat, stupid!” she hears a man sneer.

Laughter goes up around her.

‘A cat? I’m no fucking cat…’ Ella fumes. ‘What the fuck is going on?’

Ella freezes in a kneeling position, laying almost flat with her torso on her bent legs as if to hide.

She calls out to the people around her “Help me, let me go!” But all people hear is a mewling noise. Not a single syllable is recognizable as speech.

The man holding her leash takes this as a sign of submission and pulls her along into a private room. The voices disappear when a door is closed. Unknown to her she’s been led through the lobby, down a short hallway and into a playroom.

At least 15 people saw her and she has no idea of most of them even being there.

In the private rooms people can actually play with their cat girl. Some men just like to cuddle and stroke their chosen pet. Others like to play a game and have them fetch a ball and similar things like that. As if the women are actual pets.

But more and more the clientele just wants to fuck a girl dressed up like a cat. Since the pet girls can’t talk or resist, this also draws the more perverted and sometimes mean spirited kind of customer.

More or less in the middle of the room she’s made to stop and nervously listens to the sounds around her.

A zip is heard. Rustling of clothes perhaps. Some things are put on a table. The jingle of a keyring and a clunk of something like a phone?

Then it’s quiet.

Ella squeals and flinches when a hand touches her back. ‘What's happening now?’ she thinks nervously. ‘Why is someone touching me? Where am I?’

Suddenly her head is pulled down until it’s almost touching the floor. She can’t pull back. Her leash must’ve been tied to something, or Ella assumes it’s a leash. She honestly doesn’t know the extent of her restraints.

For the first time she sees something move in front of her and tries to move away from it. The eye holes are so small, she can’t really recognize anything if it moves too fast.

She lets out a squeal when a hand squeezes her firm C-cup breasts and she finally realizes she’s actually naked and not wearing some skinsuit like she assumed.

Then there is a smack on her behind which causes her to release tension and a penis pokes at her anus. Slowly pushing in.

"Nooo," she screams, "Noooo! Stop it, help! Not my butt!" She screams her lungs out of her body trying to make it stop. But all it does is create a whiny mewling sound. Swallowing for more air her body convulses once more when her gag gets in the way.

Whoever is behind her grins from ear to ear seeing her body shudder and choke. Thinking she’s putting on a great show.

He couldn’t be more wrong.

Ella is an anal virgin. And her being a decent girl she does not want that to change, ever!

The man doesn't know any better than that Ella has a surprise reaction and pushes the tip of his cock into her. Ella scoots forward in horror but her short leash prevents her from going anywhere. She screams again when the penis starts to roughly thrust into her.

Her assailant pounds into her for a while before shooting his load deep inside of her burning ass. Leaning into her for a few seconds he pulls out and gets dressed before walking away. Cum slowly dribbles out of her ass.

Ella falls sideways from her kneeling position and feels devastated. Did this really just happen? Her butt feels like it's torn in half. Has she just been raped? Is this what that feels like? Or is all of this a terrible dream after-all? She can't make up her mind and feels miserable through and through, wondering why she won't wake up. "Arrgghh" Ella screams into her gag. She feels a wet sensation on her butt, something cold briefly probes her butt and her back is wiped down.

‘Did someone just clean me up?’ Ella struggles in her bonds again and screams with all her might but all she gets is a pat on the head before she’s led back to her carrier.

When the door clicks shut she drops on the floor and quietly cries. Unable to comprehend what’s happening to her or how she got here.

Nothing happens for a while, and Ella stares passively into the tiny specks of light. She had figured out that if she focuses she can see things. She explored her dog carrier again. Seeing it’s basically a plastic crate with a barred door on one side.

To her left she thinks there is another one of such things. And every now and then people come really close and a crawling person is led away, indicating there are at least 3 more girls around her.

With her newfound eyesight she inspects her hands and thinks they’re in some kind of mitten resembling a cat paw. But she’s not sure.

Her fingers sure hurt in it though…

She can’t see her feet, she doesn’t understand what kind of shoe she’s wearing that won’t let her stand.

For the last hour she has been in the back of the dog carrier and tries to be as far away from the door as possible while contemplating her situation.

‘What the fucking fuck is going on?’ Ella leans into her corner pitying herself.

‘What the fuck? Why is this happening?’ She screams and yells again to be let out but stops abruptly as she sees someone squat in front of her cage. A man blocks her view as he looks at her info sheet. After a few seconds she hears him laugh.

The man shifts to the left and his face comes into her sight. Ella freezes in shock.

‘Isn't that my creep neighbor?’

His face is gone a few seconds later and the door is opened. Ella can't see what's happening anymore but he looked a lot like her neighbor. And why did he laugh?

“Here kitty kitty… Time to play.” He sounds like he talks to an actual cat.

Ella doesn’t move and looks fearful at the shins in front of her.

“Come out Ella…” The man says more demandingly.

‘How does he know my name?’ Ella wonders.

When she doesn’t come out he squats down again and grabs for her leash and pulls her forward. When her head is near his, he whispers, "Hey neighbor…” He sounds very pleased. "I've always wondered what fucking you would be like. Imagine my surprise…"

Ella is mortified. ‘It IS her neighbor! What is this place? Why is he here?’

Her thoughts are interrupted when he tugs on her leash. He caresses her cat head, followed by a touch on her breasts. "Mmmm, you’re so soft…" he whispers. “When you get home I’ll make you mine, you’ll be my slutty little cat from now on.”

The hand disappears and suddenly Ella is roughly pulled forward, out of the carrier.

“No, no no. I don’t want!” Ella mewls through her gag.

Her neighbor just laughs at her distress.

Ella resists with all her might but she’s no match for his strength. She can’t get a hold on the door post nor can she claw her way back away from her neighbor.

He roughly pulls her along and all the while Ella kicks and screams until her butt explodes into pain. She shrieks as a hard smack on her ass shakes her to her core. "Behave kitty!" She hears several people snigger around her. And her behind is hit several more times.

"Are you sure she wants this?" someone asks.

"It's not like she has a choice right?" her neighbor answers.

"Maybe not, but you should make sure… She obviously doesn't want to come along," a 3rd voice adds.

Ella mewls in agreement.

"Once they're dressed up they lose their ability to choose," her neighbor harshly states. And he yanks on her leash to make her come along.

"Don't be an ass!" someone calls after him.

Ella is dragged into a quiet play room. Unwilling to participate her neighbor has to manhandle her over a surface at hip height and her leash is tied off somewhere. Ella pulls on it and wants out but she's stuck yet again. Questions zip through her confused mind, ‘How long will I be here? Why is this happening to me? How did I even get here? Where is here?’

Her thoughts are rudely interrupted when she feels a finger enter her pussy and Ella involuntarily moans and squeezes on the finger. "Ohh yes, you like that don't you, you little slut?" Her creepy neighbor whispers in an excited voice.

"Nooooooo!" Ella meows.

He fingers her pussy for a little while and adds a 2nd finger. Again pumps in and out for a while and then adds a 3rd finger. This causes Ella to moan uncontrollable, her body betrays her with the unwanted pleasures she’s getting.

The neighbor feels her wetness and forces a 4th finger in. "Mmmmyeah take it…" he moans softly at her butt. He slowly pumps his fingers in and out while rubbing her clit with his thumb. He then makes a pointy shape with his fingers and pushes his hand at her opening.

Ella got so horny that she can't help but moan and participates unwillingly, she hates herself for enjoying what is essentially rape. Suddenly something big is pushing into her and she clenches up, wondering what he's doing now.

Her neighbor thoroughly enjoys the tightness of his cute neighbor and slowly forces his hand into her pussy. Slowly pushing the widest part in and rotating his hand inside Ella.

Ella screams into her gag and paws behind her trying to push him away but he's well out of reach. She never felt this violated before. It hurts, too. ‘God fucking dammit how did I end up in this?!’ she thinks once again and thrashes in her bonds.

Her neighbor sits still with his hand in her pussy for a few seconds. He then wiggles his fingers and makes a fist. At the same time he flicks her clitoris with his other hand. Ella moans and groans and damn near cums on his hand from the intense sensation. Despite her discomfort she can’t resist her horniness from controlling her body.

After some teasing he finally pulls his hand out.

She hears a rustling sound followed by a zip and the hand is replaced by a penis. He thrusts into her for a few minutes, and cums inside her.

Ella freezes as she feels his semen fill her up and suddenly explodes in her own orgasm. She shudders and whimpers uncontrollably.

This motivates her neighbor for another round and from the wall he selects a simple whip and gives her vagina a firm whack. The little paddle on the end lands on her clitoris with a wet splat.

Ella screams and cries to be let out. The neighbor thinks she’s overreacting and gives her a few more whacks with the whip across her butt cheeks, leaving red marks. He then probes her anus with a finger but decides he doesn’t care for it.

For a moment nothing happens but then there is a whisper near her ear, “You’re lucky, time's up already. But I’ll be back for you every day from now on Ella. And I promise that when you get home I’ll make you my bitch. I’ve always wanted a pet cat like you. And you can live out your deepest darkest fantasies with me. Not like you have any choice…”

He lets the words linger between them as he gets dressed. As a parting gift he pushes a medium buttplug in her rear.

Ella kicks and screams and tugs on her leash, trying to get loose.

She doesn’t notice her neighbor laughing at her. Nor does she notice him leaving. She chokes and convulses and struggles with all her might but it’s hopeless.

Her neighbor is off looking for a staff member to reserve Ella as his preferred girl and to upgrade his play time so he can use her for longer at a time.

A few minutes later a handler comes to get Ella to put her back in her carrier. He finds her screaming and whining and she won't stop thrashing and seems to be in genuine distress. He sees no sign of her being hurt and doesn't get what's going on.

Maybe a panic attack.

"Hello Ella!?" The handler checks her name tag and inquires with a worried voice.

Stopping her wailing for a moment she twists and turns her head to where the voice had come from.

"Ella…" The voice comes from the right. "Nod if you hear me."

Ella freezes for a second and then nods.

"Are you in distress?"

Ella nods furiously, wailing into her gag.

"Be quiet! Are you hurt?"

She nods with a whine.

"Do you need medical attention?"

She nods furiously again.

"Stay put, I’ll see what I can do!" The voice commands her.

Ella feels small and objectified by how the man talks. She cries and whines, wanting to get out. Escape her neighbor, this place. Her handler cleans up around her, pulls the plug from her butt causing Ella to squeal.

"Better now?" The voice asks.

Ella wildly shakes her head no.

Suddenly her head is forced back and she feels a liquid being poured down her throat. Choking on the drink she quickly feels drowsy again and passes out moments later.

#### **4 - Intervention**

When Ella wakes up an hour later the heavy feeling on her head is gone. She's no longer bent over the table. She can move her fingers. She can actually see something! She still feels terrible though. She feels a great shame or her orgasm and her vagina hurts from being fisted.

Sitting up in what appears to be a hospital bed in a white room she's relieved of getting out of her hell. But her happiness is short-lived. Her wrists are strapped down to the bed with medical restraints.

"What the fuck, now what?" Ella mutters, followed by "Hello!?! Anybody there?"

The door opens and a nurse walks in. "Hey, you're awake. We were worried for you. How do you feel?”

“Who are you? And what do you think? I feel like shit. Let me go, I want to go home!” Ella demands.

“I'll get your handler."

"My handler? No, let me out! Where am I? Why am I tied up? Where are my clothes?" Ella calls after the nurse. But she's ignored.

A little while later a man with a tablet comes in and looks with worry at her. "How are you feeling?"

"Stop asking fucking questions and let me go! Who are you?" Ella yells.

"Not yet, we have to determine your medical emergency first, we couldn’t find anything wrong with you. My name is Roger by the way."

"My emergency? Roger…" Ella pauses for dramatic effect. "… is that you treat me like an animal and raped me twice!" Ella is furious and is done being a victim. "Now let me out! I need to go to the police! My neighbor raped and threatened me…" She kicks at her bedsheets and struggles to get loose.

Roger looks pitiful at her thinking she’s lost her mind, and after letting her rage for a few moments he commands her to shut up and listen.

Ella stares at the man. "What? Listen to a bunch of creepy rapists? I'll get the cops!"

"No you won't," Roger assures her. "You're here, in this situation, by your own choice."

Her mouth drops open. "Why would I be here willingly?" Tears running down her cheek.

"Do you know who you are?" He asks.

"I'm Ella." She says through her tears.

"Last name?"

"Bloom…"

He taps on his tablet and reads for a moment, "Oh yes, the new cat girl."

Ella whimpers, "Yes…"

"Then there is no mistake. You signed a 2 week contract with us to be a pet girl."

"A pet? What are you talking about!? I came here for a phone support job. For financial software or something…" Ella remembers. "Not to get raped! Let me goooo!"

Roger hesitates for a moment but then shows her the tablet, "Look here. Read! Is this not your profile? You wrote this!"

Ella stares at her picture that John found on her Twitter account and reads the information that he made up, which basically states that she's excited to get fucked.

"What’s this? I never wrote that! Why would I want anal sex? And I hate purple as a color!" She exclaims.

Seeing Ella's conviction the man looks puzzled now. A feeling of a terrible mistake being made creeps into his mind.

"But? Why did you sign the contract then…"

"Joe recruited me for a customer service job. Helping customers on the phone in his office. That's all I know." Ella stutters.

"Who’s Joe? And that's not what we do here missy. Besides, you signed your contract which states what you'd be doing. Pages 3 through 6." Roger knows, “As you well know, we're a premium services company for men with, eh, kinky desires.”

"What?" Ella looks startled.

The man sighs. "Escort service, prostitutes. You signed up for pet play…“

"I… I, No! I… Joe said to come here. Honest!" Ella struggles with her words. "Where is John? Or Joe? Can I talk to Joe? He knows everything."

"Fuck! Wait here." Her handler says under his breath. And walks out.

"Hey!" Ella yells after him. "Let me out! Hellooooo!?"

She's ignored.

A little while later the nurse visits Ella and helps her drink a glass of juice.

Ella asks once again. "When will I be free?"

The nurse looks at her, "I don’t know. When the doctor releases you."

"What doctor? Where is he? I just want to go home. Let me gohoo please…"

The nurse looks at her. "Why? What’s wrong with this place?"

"Where am I?" Ella asks.

The nurse frowns, "You don't know? You're in the private clinic of VelvetCat. "

"Velvet Cat? What's that? Where is that?" Ella says, puzzled realizing she doesn't even know the name of the company that supposedly hired her.

"VelvetCat, one word. We’re a special services company.”

"Special services?!" Ella scoffs, "Rapists are what they are."

The nurse blinks. "Come now, we’re an escort service. But all pets and women working here are here willingly."

"Well, not me! I'm here against my will! Now let me go!" Ella demands.

"You're not going anywhere!" A commanding voice sounds from the door.

Roger returns with his tablet, waving the nurse away.

"You signed a contract! Don’t forget!"

"Noooooo, a misunderstanding. I'm supposed to help people on the phone." Ella whines.

"That's not what the contract you signed says, but I'll give you two options," Roger offers.

Ella stares at him with big hopeful eyes.

"One! You can go back into our play area and be a cat as per your contract. With the correct profile this time. Seeing it’s your first time you can wear a less restrictive mask if you prefer.”

Ella stares at him with disbelief.

He continues, “Plus, to make sure it’s all above board you’ll sign a waiver accepting everything that happened to you.”

“But…” Ella starts, but she’s interrupted.

“Or two, you can be transferred to Boss and work for him, I think. Those are the options. Plain and simple."

"But…" Ella sniffles again.

"Yes what?!" Roger exclaims. "You've been asked several times if you wanted to proceed and every time you said you knew what you're doing."

"For an office job yes… not to be a cat and get raped! They tricked me!" Ella cries out. "Don't you hear me? Why won't you listen!?"

Roger simply looks down on her. Trying to uphold his harsh demeanor but inwards he feels bad for poor Ella.

The incompetence of both Joe and John put him in this stupid situation and he doesn’t like it one bit. He had investigated who this ‘Joe’ is and found out he works in another business owned by his employer. Joe screwed up by bringing Ella here and not specifying to anyone that she wouldn’t be a prostitute. And John is a moron for mistaking Ella for Zoey, then faking her profile and not clarifying the work to her.

But he also thinks Ella is a big dumbass for signing contracts without reading them.

He had informed his boss, who as soon as he saw Ella’s picture took a keen interest. The boss had offered a hefty amount if the girl was brought to him. Roger assumes to avoid a lawsuit. But when he considered they have lawyers for this kind of thing he assumed he’ll have her work for him and the money is sort of a shut-up-about-it payoff.

Unconventional. But whatever. If this avoids a lawsuit and yet another controversy for the business. So be it.

"What kind of work do I have to do for the boss?" Ella tries.

"I’m not sure. Probably be a PA or something." The man replies with an unsure voice.

"A PA? What’s that? For what? I can be an office help… if that's what it takes." Ella says with a small voice, "But no more sex… I don't want that. I applied for a customer service job. Nothing more."

The man frowns, thinking Ella truly is dumb. And explains, "PA stands for Personal Assistant… Anyway, Boss asked for you, that’s really all I know."

"I just want to go hooohoome." Ella cries, "I won't tell anyone. Just let me go please."

"Enough!" The man commands. "Be quiet. If you won't choose, I'll pick for you and put you back in your cage. Enough time wasted."

"Noo, noooooo! No more." Ella cries out. "I'll be an assistant. Can I go home when it’s done?"

"That's for Boss to decide, I don’t know." The man genuinely smiles at her. A step closer to his ‘shut-up-bonus’.

Not wanting to be a cat and get fucked for the next 2 weeks she reluctantly agrees to option 2.

"Very good. Stay here, I’ll inform the boss and find out what happens next. I’ll be back for you soon."

"No!" Ella calls out startled. "I want to go home first and go to the police!"

"Why the police?" The man inquires.

"My neighbor was here, he says he’ll make me his cat when I get out of here!" Ella cries. "I want to report him and be safe."

"You're safe here dumbass! We’ll sort out any stalkers later. Now shut the fuck up!" He sternly says and turns to leave.

"Roger?"

"What now!?" Tablet man growls.

"Why are you so mean? Don't you see I'm a victim here?"

"You really should have read your contract…" He sincerely grumbles. And he marches out of the room, smacking the door shut behind him.

That same evening, Joe comes home from the pub he went to after work and settles in at home for the weekend. His last action before leaving his office was to call the receptionist in the Bristol location to see how things went.

The receptionist had, under strict orders from Boss, denied that Ella had ever shown up.

He’s very disappointed that Ella had disappeared and assumes she changed her mind and has blocked him or something. He was really really looking forward to meeting the young woman on Monday and to work with her, but he never heard from Ella again.

#### **5 - Ella disappears**

Ella struggles in her bonds and kicks her legs in the air and shouts for anyone to listen to her. But nobody pays attention and all she achieves is that her naked body is now no longer covered by the blanket.

She cries softly while wondering how she could be so stupid to believe Joe and his trickery. Not knowing that John and tablet man are the real assholes here.

And what of her neighbor? Even if she can get away from this hell. He’ll capture her and make her his pet…

She shudders at the thought and decides she’ll move back in with her parents again if it comes to that.

Her life appears in shambles either way.

Meanwhile Zoey's is roughly dragged out of her cage. She had been sitting there pondering what Quinn said for the last hour. Slipping into character on auto-pilot she crawls after where her leash is pulling her and into a private room. She's placed in the middle of the room and as soon as the door closes her concerns are replaced with panic when a whip hits her over and over and her body is marked with red welts from her shoulders to her shins.

Zoey quickly learns that being no-limits is a terrible idea.

Unable to see a way out, she aimlessly crawls around the room and tries to escape the pain. It takes a while before the violent client can be kicked out, but it’s too late for Zoey and she is a sobbing mess in need of treatment at the clinic.

Zoey is put in the room next to Ella. Luckily the damage isn’t too bad and the expectation is that Zoey will be fine in the morning. Most of the red marks are superficial. While trying to relax in the clinic she unfortunately finds no rest as she hears a girl repeatedly scream to be let go.

“Fucking hell! What’s wrong with that woman?” Zoey asks the nurse who is busy with patching her up.

“Dunno, some girl is convinced that she accidentally signed her contract… Someone tricked her or something.” The nurse sighs.

“How dumb do you have to be…” Zoey grimaces, interrupting herself. Her own day isn’t going too well based on dumb choices, too.

“Yeah, well… I’ll be glad when she’s gone. What a troublemaker.” The nurse says, finishing up with her bandaids and cream.

“Right? Hey, can you please get Quinn here as soon as possible? I want to talk about my contract and change a few things.”

She'll be a regular escort from now on when she needs money. No more kinky shit for her.

“Sure thing honey, first thing in the morning. Get some rest. I’ll check on you in a few hours before I go home.” The nurse promises and leaves her alone.

Roger is getting more and more upset with the situation. He had reported back that Ella had ‘chosen’ to finish her contract working for the boss.

All good on that end, but when he learned that to get his money he has to take Ella halfway across the UK to his employer’s home he’s less enthused. And what’s worse is that she, for some reason, can’t know where she is being taken to.

Upon asking why, he simply got offered more money and the unkind suggestion to stop caring so much and use a large sack or something to transport her in.

“This is starting to look a lot like a kidnap. I'm not a henchman!” He had argued over the phone.

“I don’t care what you think about it. This is damage control. Just get it done or I’ll find someone who knows how to appreciate money.” Comes the unreasonable response.

He does appreciate money… A lot. And needs it too. And damage control? He likes the sound of that. And besides, he reasons with himself, what’s 7 hours of driving to deliver a girl he doesn’t know or care about. Especially in exchange for almost half of his yearly income!

‘I’ll pay off that loan. Spoil the wife…’

Having made up his mind, the man returns to Ella around dinnertime, most of the staff has gone home. The nurse is busy with one of the women who got mistreated.

This is his chance.

In her room, Ella had given up to find help and had fallen asleep a while ago and is restlessly stirring and moaning quietly as her nightmare continues in her dreams.

In her dream she came home and as promised her neighbor had immediately captured her and locked her in a tiny cage. She has been trying to escape from her new prison for several days now, but he catches her every time.

Roger, meanwhile, stands at the foot of Ella’s bed and hopes the boss can talk some sense into the dumbass sleeping before him so she won’t sue the company into oblivion. Not saying anything he simply grabs her ankles and ties them together with a piece of bandage from a roll from the medicine cabinet. He then pushes another roll of bandage into her mouth and wraps a few windings around her head, effectively muffling her speech. Next, he unfolds a big duffel bag that he found in Quinns workshop, and spreads it open on the bed next to her.

Ella stirs and starts to wake up. Biting down on her gag trying to close her mouth she groans and mumbles something unintelligible.

The man then releases one of Ella's wrists and puts it to her other wrist and ties them together with a piece of bandage as well. He then unlocks her other hand from the bed and pulls her onto the bag.

Quickly waking up, Ella struggles to get free. Kicking at the man, for a moment thinking her neighbor is already trying to capture her she screams and tries to fight, but it’s no use.

The man easily controls his rowdy charge and pushes her legs up and doubles them so he can pull the duffel bag up around her. He pushes her head through the opening and has to push on her arms while avoiding her attempts to hit him. Bit by bit the zipper closes the duffel around her naked body until the bag sits snugly around her and she can barely move anymore.

Ella is more or less lying on her side and mumbles around her gag in protest. She never has so much crap happen to her in one day that she doesn’t understand or has any control over.

With a grunt the man lifts Ella up and drops her onto a cart, the same one Quinn used earlier that day, and she’s wheeled away.

Ella keeps making mumbling noises and tries to draw attention but it's barely audible. They stop at John's office and the crate with her clothes and personal items is placed next to her.

A few more minutes are spent when Roger looks through John’s computer and deletes Ella’s files. Things like her contract and profile and whatever else he can find. He never wants to see or hear from her again when this is over.

When the cart starts moving again Ella whines through her gag but only a soft mumbling can be heard. It’s after 5PM and the office is closed for the day so nobody comes to her rescue.

The cart is pushed through several hallways and down a ramp into the parking garage. Nobody saw them the whole way. She's then thrown in the trunk of a car along with her box of belongings and they drive off.

When the nurse makes her rounds along with the night nurse, they check on Zoey who is doing much better already, but in Ella's room all they find is an empty bed.

"Thank fuck for that…" The nurse sighs.

The night nurse grins and can look forward to a quiet night shift.

They finish their round and the day nurse has forgotten about Ella was ever there before she reaches the bus stop.

#### **6 - A new life**

It’s just past 9PM when the car finally stops moving and the engine is turned off. It had been driving on gravel or something for a while, but now other than some insects and the ticking sound of the engine it's eerily quiet. The car door smacks shut and footsteps walk away.

Ella is completely worn out. The ride was long and bumpy. She's hungry and feels completely defeated. She’s upset that she let herself get kidnapped and curses her stupidity.

‘Why can’t you ever think about things and do something properly!’ She curses herself. Her whole adult life has been a struggle often ending in failure so far, but this takes the cake by a wide margin.

She’s super scared of what comes next and what she has to do for this mystery boss person. Assuming that that is where she's being taken to. Something like an assistant she hopes. But she can’t ignore reality. Usually new hires aren’t delivered naked in a bag against their will, she’s pretty sure.

After a few minutes 2 sets of footsteps return. The boot of the car is opened and the men start talking.

"So this is her?" A new voice sounds cheerful.

"Yeah, as ordered. But watch out, she's a bit of a brat." Roger warns the other man.

"That’s fine.” The new man says, “Here's your money. Forget what you did today and we'll all get along just fine."

“Oh, and I took the liberty of deleting all her records. It’s like she never came to us.” Roger expands on the supposed damage control.

“Very good, I like that. A lot!” the other man sounds his approval. “Wait…”

Footsteps hurry away and when they return a minute later, “Here take this too. For your efforts.”

Presumably another envelope exchanges hands because Roger smirks approvingly.

"So what’s next?” He then asks. “How are you avoiding a lawsuit like this?”

“There won’t be any lawsuits…” The unknown voice assures him.

“Yeah, ok. Well, anyway, if ehhh… If you ever need a handyman again, call me." Roger offers.

He likes thick envelopes with cash, and on the way here he figured that as long as he doesn’t get emotionally attached or think too long about what he's doing, it’ll be surprisingly easy money. He'll be a bit of a henchman after-all if need be.

"Yeah yeah, just get out of here." The unknown voice sounds impatient.

Ella is lifted from the car and she squeals as she gently lands on the ground. The box with her stuff is placed next to her and the car drives away moments later.

“Lawsuits… You’re all a bunch of fucking idiots.” The unknown voice mumbles.

Hearing that, Ella struggles and whines to get out and tries to escape with renewed energy.

Without warning the bag is grabbed and she's dragged over a doorstep, onto tiles. A few meters further she makes a sharp left turn and she bounces down some stairs and ends up in what must be a basement.

The zipper of the bag is opened and her head pops out.

She looks around disoriented and sees she is indeed in a well lit sort of basement. It's about 4 by 6 meters with grey walls, a darker grey floor and a few ceiling lights. A table is placed along the wall opposite the stairs, it has one chair in front of it.

To the left of the table are a few nondescript cabinets and to the right are the stairs leading up. Other than that the room is bare.

Looking over her shoulder she sees a man behind her.

He appears tall and broad shouldered. A smidge of grey hair around his ears. Probably in his mid 40’s. His brown hair is cut short, he has grey eyes. He’s not particularly handsome, and overall he looks very unremarkable. One of those guys you can walk past a hundred times in town and never notice.

He wears a button shirt and dark blue jeans with brown leather shoes. Like you'd expect from a casual low-level manager type. An expensive watch completes his look.

He stretches his arm out and strokes her puffy red cheek. “Whoa…” he whispers to himself, admiring her innocent eyes.

"Welcome!" He says with a cheery smile, revealing a set of perfectly white teeth. He peels the bandage from her face and pulls the soggy roll from her mouth, before getting up and he walks out of sight.

"Who are you?" Ella croaks. "Where are we?"

Ella tries to get out of the bag and starts to scoot towards the stairs, but before she can get anywhere the man returns and grabs her by the chin and holds a cup of orange juice to her lips and makes Ella drink it.

"Thanks!" She mutters. And asks again, "Who are you?"

He says nothing but forces her to a kneeling position so she sits on her own heels and indicates for her to stay. He then throws the dufflebag to the side.

Ella stares at it and then looks at the plastic crate that sits in front of her. There are 2 names written on a piece of tape stuck to the side, ‘Zoey’ and ‘Ella’. Zoey is crossed out with a black marker.

The man turns to the crate and removes its cover. “This is your stuff?” He looks at her questioning.

Ella shrugs, “I don’t know. I think so. Who are you?”

He holds up her blouse and a blue iPhone.

Ella nods. “Those are mine.”

“Not anymore… Alright Zoey, or Ella, whatever your name is. Here’s why you’re…” The man starts.

Ella interrupts, “My name is Ella Bloom! Can I have my clothes? Why am I here? Can I go home? Just give me my things and let me go.”

“You are home.” The man smiles broadly at her.

“What? How?!” Ella stares at him.

“…As I was saying, girl, you’re here because of me, for me, because I want you here. Nothing more, nothing less.” He looks at her with kind eyes.

“In a way I’m glad John screwed up your application. When I was made aware of his mistakes and saw your picture I knew I had to have you. Incompetent morons have their use sometimes, it turns out.” He smirks. “You’re amazingly beautiful. You know that?"

They stare at each other. Ella doesn't think she's all that beautiful. Cute, yes. Petite and lean, sure. But beautiful. Not really. Distracted with the compliment, the gravity of what he’s saying is lost on her.

"Anyway," he continues, "You’re all mine now. Nobody knows you're here. Nobody knows where you went. Nobody will miss or come look for you. But… You're home, here with me. A fresh start.”

“What? No! That can’t be. That’s not right!” Ella gasps, interrupting him again. She can’t believe what she’s hearing. “And what are you talking about? Mistakes? What did John do? Is that why I’m here? They did things to me. My neighbor…”

He looks at her, annoyed at the interruption and she shuts up.

“I know it’s been a stressful day, but be quiet now. And just listen." He warns her, and then. "Over the next 2 weeks you’ll learn your place here. How to behave, what you are and how important that is to both of us. At the end you’ll be presented a choice. Understand?”

Ella shakes her head no. She refuses to believe anything he says.

“Well, no matter.” The man continues, “Maybe you’ll understand soon. Or not…”

“Sir, please, Can I have my clothes? And when do I…”

The man’s arm swings at her with lightning speed and strikes Ella across her cheek. “I told you to be quiet!”

Ella reaches for her burning cheek, looking sideways and quietly starts sobbing. The man sits back down and holds her in his arms, pulling her close.

“Obey me girl and I won’t have to hurt you…” He whispers in her ear. “Understand?”

Ella slowly nods through her tears.

They sit for a few moments and when Ella stops crying the man gets up again and grabs a pair of scissors from one of the cabinets. He cuts away the bandage on her wrists and ankles and pulls her up by her arm so she stands.

She stumbles to her feet and Ella can’t help but stare at her captor. He’s looking back at her as if to think what to do with his petite hottie first. Looking very pleased with himself.

Ella suddenly feels vulnerable and naked for this man. She is naked… But his eyes drill through her, as if he can see into her soul. When she tries to cover her breasts and hide herself he prevents it. He then walks over to the cabinets along the wall and gets 2 sets of small steel bracelets, he puts one on each of her limbs. They click shut with an ominous click.

Ella holds up her wrists and stares at the manacles in disbelief. "What's this?" She tries.

The man says nothing but loops a padlock through her wrist cuffs, locking them together. He then pulls a winch cable down from the ceiling. Her wrist cuffs are clipped to the hook. He then grabs a remote and presses a button, raising her hands until Ella stands on her toes, effectively having her hang from her wrists.

Ella squeals and groans in discomfort.

He kneels down to her feet and Ella tries to kick at him but on her toes she can't find her balance and her legs flail harmlessly through the air. The man padlocks her ankles together and with a short chain locks her feet to an anchor point in the floor. He then raises her up a bit more until Ella’s body is stretched tight and she groans again. She can touch the floor with the very tip of her toes, but is unable to put any weight on it.

He then walks away and grabs the crate with her belongings and places it on the table. And starts looking through her stuff. Trying to unlock her phone but it needs a passcode.

He shrugs and breaks the phone on the edge of the table. It makes a crunching sound as the display shatters and he throws the now bent phone in a nearby trash bin. He then goes through her wallet, her cards are cut with the scissors and thrown in the bin. What little cash money she has goes in his own wallet.

He briefly flips through her passport and puts it aside.

The rest is her clothes and some small things like a hair clip and a packet of gum, her house and bike key and some other small items commonly found in pockets. Everything is thrown in the trash without so much as a second look at it.

Ella stares at this with wide eyes and is speechless. Her life is stripped away before her eyes and there is nothing she can do about it.

When he’s done emptying the crate the man leaves the basement with her passport. When he comes back after about 10 minutes he approaches her from behind and slaps her ass.

"Ow! Stop it…" She squeals in surprise and struggles to turn.

He holds her facing away from him and she feels his penis poke at her behind.

"Ehh hey? Why are you naked?” Ella nervously asks.

He says nothing.

She then naively says, “I was told you needed a trainee, for a personal assistant… No more sex they said. Hello? Talk to me!"

Without a word he spits on her butt and rubs the saliva over her tender hole. Ella protests to no avail and he works his cock into her butt. For the 2nd time in 24 hours she's involuntarily fucked in her ass.

"Owowowowow!" She exclaims, "Noo, nonono! Please, not that!" She cries out with a panicked voice.

But the man doesn't stop and starts thrusting into her ass. Grunting quietly as he enjoys her body holding her by her hips.

Ella whimpers and cries for him to stop but he doesn’t listen. After a few minutes of painful fucking he grunts louder and ejaculates inside her. Pulling out he wipes his dick on her butt and walks away, leaving her panting.

When he returns a little while later he wears pants again and lowers the winch. When she's sitting on the floor he unclips her wrists from the winch but leaves them locked together. He also doesn't release her feet from the anchor point.

Ella feels like an object and decides that if he won't talk to her, she's going to ignore this guy too. Until she’s let go. Following his movements she nervously looks at what he's doing. He sweeps the floor around the table and leaves without as much as a glance in her direction, taking the trash bin with him.

The light goes out, Ella is left in pitch black darkness and after a few seconds a deep voice starts speaking;

"Your name is Girl" "You must obey your owner" "You have no free will" "You serve your owner" "You own nothing" "You are nothing but a girl" "You exist for the pleasure of your owner" "You care for your owner" “Your owner is your sole reason for your existence" "You adore your owner" “Your owner is your caretaker and mentor” “Your owner will provide for you” “Forget everything you know” “Girls have no name” “Your owner loves you” “Your owner will make you happy if you obey him” “An obedient girl is a desirable girl” “Obedience makes you happy” “A good girl takes care of her owner”

And dozens more of such instructions. On and on it goes. She’s forced to listen to the insanity that fills the room all night long. With her hands stuck together she can’t even cover both her ears.

#### **7 - Training**

The next day the man gets out of bed feeling refreshed. He had a great night watching a movie and sees a bright future for him and his new girl. She’s pretty, she’s cute. Her voice is clear and sounds nice.

She doesn’t seem too bright, and other than the occasional struggle and her constantly asking to let go she doesn’t seem to be much of a fighter either. Yes, he's very much looking forward to spending lots of time with her.

Getting out of bed he starts the day with making some breakfast. Bacon and scrambled eggs. A few slices of toast with butter. When he’s done eating he throws 3 slices of bread in a blender with a cup of water along with a pinch of sugar and makes a gooey substance which he puts in a Starbucks cup with a thick straw.

Ella, meanwhile, is still tied to the floor. She has been listening to the droning voice for what feels like days. Her night was not comfortable at all and when the voice finally stopped and the lights came on. Overall she hasn’t been unable to sleep for more than an hour or so.

Her captor comes down the stairs. “Good morning girl. How are you today?” he asks with a cheery voice.

Ella says nothing but immediately spots the Starbucks cup. She’s very thirsty.

“Do you want it?” he asks, waving the cup in front of her face.

Ella nods dejectedly. “Please owner, sir, boss. Let me go.”

“Owner? Boss? Is that what I am to you?” He laughs, making fun of her. “You can call me Sir, girl.”

“Yeah, ok. I need a drink. Please.” Ella finally croaks.

‘Fuck you!’ she thinks.

“Well, you can get a sip now, or you can earn the whole cup,” he offers.

“The cup please.” Ella says, her eyes fixated on it.

“Alright then, open wide…” And he opens his robe and pokes his penis at her. “And no biting…”

Without thinking Ella opens her mouth and obeys her captor. But then remembers she’s not some kind of slave, or shouldn’t be.

She is Ella Bloom, 21 years old and a captive. She freezes into position.

“If you want food, you obey me girl.” The man calmly tells her.

Ella sighs and shuffles forwards and starts sucking his dick. It doesn’t take long to get him hard. And not long after that he grunts and ejaculates in her mouth.

“Good girl, not bad at all. Now swallow so you can eat.” And he offers her the straw again. With some effort she swallows his load and greedily sucks on the straw, thinking she’ll get starbucks coffee but instead gets gooey tasteless bread with a hint of sweet.

He looks at her thinking, ‘So compliant after just one night… Very promising.’

“So, how long until you submit to me girl?” The man aska. “Care to make a bet?”

Ella mumbles “I-oh-kno-nevvah” (*I don’t know, never*) between sucking the thick substance through the straw.

The man laughs at her and promises that she’ll learn to love him soon enough.

That day Ella is further introduced to her owner and he reiterates that she can call him Sir. He explains to her she’s very special to him and that he hopes she’ll see things his way soon so they can start their life together.

Ella only half listens to this madman and wonders when her nightmare will end. She sits in the middle of the room fidgeting with her feet trying to get more comfortable.

That evening she is brought another bread shake for dinner. This one is laced with contraceptives as well as sugar.

And so her insane and boring routine starts.

After a few days of morning blowjobs, gooey breadshakes and the nighttime instruction voice, her mind starts to play tricks on her and she more and more thinks of Sir as her owner from which there is no escape. And that she belongs to him.

The droning voice has her almost convinced that the man actually cares for her, a thought that’s supported by him being a generally friendly host. Were it not that she’s kept chained to an anchor point in the floor with no clothes.

Equally bad is that she’s not allowed an identity other than ‘girl’. She tries to correct him twice by telling him her name, both times she got a slap in the face and the assurance that her name is Girl.

Every day he visits her in the basement starting with a blowjob in exchange for a shake. When he doesn’t like her efforts she’s withheld her breakfast.

During the days he often sits near her reading a newspaper or a book, sometimes he brings his laptop down and works at the table. Other times he sits cross legged in front of her and tries to chit-chat with her as if she is his girlfriend and they’re on a date.

Like she cares what he has to day… In one ear, out the other.

It’s usually mundane boring talk she’s not interested in. He never mentions current events of the outside world or what day or time it is. He tells her things about him, some of his hobbies, what music he likes. How nice his house is. But he never asks anything about her or where she’s from or what she likes.

She assumes that if the light comes on it’s morning, but she really isn’t sure. And after a week Ella has completely lost track of time.

Every other day she’s sprayed with warm soapy water and she’s allowed to wash herself. With her hands and feet tied together it’s not a very thorough wash though.

This continues for 14 days, and on the 14th night she is unhooked from the anchor point for the first time since arriving. Her wrists and ankles are unlocked as well and Ella stands up straight and stretches with a groan and feels dizzy for a moment from being upright.

She is scared of what’s about to happen.

Her captor removes her cuffs and puts them in one of the cabinets.

“No need for these anymore, right?” he asks her.

Ella shakes her head, “No sir, I’ll be good.”

He nods approvingly at her and he leads her to the table. She follows him on unsteady legs. He instructs her to bend over it and hold the opposite side with her hands.

Ella obeys without question. She had learned not to ask any questions or to hesitate.

Just when she wonders why she’s here, his penis pokes at her vagina. Ella moans softly and welcomes the first real stimulation she's had in 14 days.

During her night hours she had masturbated twice, but with the voice droning on in the background telling her how useless she is it wasn’t very satisfying and she somehow felt guilty doing it.

This is different.

Sir is gentle with her and slowly fucks her. She resists the urge to push back, but can’t resist enjoying his touch. When his penis is fully inserted he stands behind her for a moment and pulls out and goes back in when Ella involuntarily utters a quiet “Fuuuuuck yessss…”

Much to her owner's amusement. He thinks that she’s very accepting of him already. Good progress.

Holding on to her narrow waist he makes love to her, making sure not to be rough. Grunting every time he bottoms out in her tight vagina. Ella grunts and moans along with him, enjoying the stimulation a bit too much to her liking.

Just as she’s about to orgasm, He also does and smacks her ass, leaving a red handprint. The slap pushes her over the edge and she orgasms with a long sigh and a shudder.

“Fuck that’s good…” Ella gasps under her breath. All tension leaves her body and she slides off the table to the floor feeling very relaxed.

For the moment she forgets her situation and stares at her chafed wrists with glassy eyes.

The man grabs her upper right arm and firmly pulls her upright so he can hug her.

“You're an amazing girl, truly,” he compliments her while holding her in his strong arms.

Ella smiles at the compliment.

“Thank you sir…” she whispers.

“You’re a dream come true. I truly love you,” he confesses his feelings to her.

He smiles at her and turns to leave.

“Sir, can I have breakfast now?” Ella tries. Thinking that since she had to do something sexual and he gave her a compliment it’s now time for food.

“But it’s not morning, silly… Breakfast is for the mornings,” he laughs at her.

“Oh…” Ella is confused. The lights came on, but it’s not morning? A strange change to her boring routine.

“Don't touch anything yea? I’ll see you in the morning, I’ll bring you something special for breakfast. Just you wait,” he promises, and heads up the stairs.

“Thank you Sir!” Girl calls after him.

Her owner disappears with a hearty laugh and heads to bed.

The lights go out and Ella is alone. “You’re Ella, ehm… Bloom? Ella Bloom. You’re 21 years old and kidnapped,” she repeats a few times to herself.

Every day she tells herself who she is, but it gets harder and harder to remember every time.

There is no voice with instructions that night and Ella finally can sleep uninterrupted for 7 hours. She crawls in the corner behind the stairs and falls into a deep sleep.

The next morning her owner returns with two plates. Each has two slices of toast covered with butter and jam and some bacon strips on the side. There are 2 cups of apple juice balancing between the bread and the bacon.

Ella is already eagerly waiting for him more or less at the bottom of the stairs. She’s rested and very hungry and wants to give Sir a blowjob so she can eat.

“Hello girl, Good morning.” The man greets her as he walks past her to the table. “I have a question for you. Do you know how long you’ve been here?”

Ella shrugs. Her nose wrinkles at the smell of bacon.

“Well? Any guesses?” He insists.

She doesn’t care, “I don’t know, months Sir. Please, I’m hungry.” And she opens her mouth.

“Oh right, breakfast,” he playfully remembers. “If you can behave yourself you can eat at the table,” he offers.

“Ok…?” Ella says with an unsure voice. 'No blowjob?' She can't help but think.

Sir puts the plates on the table and gestures for her to join him and sit on the chair.

When she comes near he grabs her around the waist and hugs her firmly. “Thank you for not escaping my love.”

Ella squeals in surprise and looks at him, not sure what he means.

"I didn't lock the basement door…" He lies to her when he sees her confusion.

"Oh, I didn't know it was open."

“All the same,” He says, “You not trying to get away pleases me a lot. You truly are special.”

Ella feels dumb now for not trying to escape. She has been free from her shackles for hours and didn't even try the door. She considers kicking him in the balls so she can make a run for it right now. However, she also thinks there is no way she'll make it. He won't allow it anyway.

She sits down at the table and stares at the food in front of her. "Do you love me?"

"Yes girl, very much." He grins at her.

"You could’ve just asked me on a date if you like me so much Sir.” Ells looks at him with pity.

“Yeah, I could’ve done that. But I like it better this way,” he assures her.

Ella has trouble following his reasoning. Why would keeping her as a captive be better than going to the movies and having fun together? Actually, she wants to watch a movie… Or do anything… Fleeting thoughts of her old life go through her mind and she wonders if anyone is looking for her. But it’s quickly forgotten as she smells the food in front of her.

Mike grabs a broom and busies himself wiping the floor and isn’t paying attention to her.

Ella can't contain herself any longer and grabs the toast and stuffs both slices into her mouth. Enjoying the sweet taste. Followed by the bacon. It’s salty and crunchy, just how she likes it.

Without a second thought she devours the toast and bacon on the 2nd plate as well.

Done eating less than a minute later she wipes her mouth and reaches for the cup of apple juice and glugs it down. Just as she reaches for the 2nd cup Sir joins her at the table and looks at the empty plates and lets out a sigh.

“So…” He smiles at her. “It’s been two weeks. I’m sure you’ll be pleased to hear that your training is going very well.”

“Training? Sir?” Ella wonders. Blowjobs in exchange for shitty food and sitting in a basement is hardly training.

“Yes, you complain and talk much less, you’re receptive to my commands. Allow me to demonstrate." He calmly says while pointing at his side. "Sit!”

Ella scurries to his side and kneels down.

“Very good,” He compliments her, petting her head.

“Now go get your collar,” he instructs her while pointing at one of the cabinets.

Ella feels compelled to obey for some unknown reason. She jumps up and opens the cabinet. Looking inside she sees a shiny steel collar and grabs it, holding it up for him to see.

“This?”

“Yep, that’s the one,” he confirms.

“See? Very well trained,” he assures her. “Now. If you examine the collar you’ll see that it has no lock and once it’s closed it can not be removed. Do you see what I mean?”

She inspects the collar and sees it clips closed with a pointy bit but sees no obvious way to open the collar. “Yes Sir.” Ella confirms.

“Good, knowing that once you put it on you can’t remove it ever again… What do you think about that?” he asks.

Ella looks uncertain. “Ehm, can I not?” She finally says.

“No you can't, Girl. Put the collar around your neck and push it shut,” he commands her.

Ella immediately raises her hands to her neck but hesitates at the last second.

He notices and smiles, “Come on. You know you want to obey me.”

Ella is powerless for his words and with great trepidation she loops the collar around her neck and brings the open ends together. She looks at Mike with a questioning look. But he just nods encouragingly at her.

A firm press on the collar from both sides and after a few seconds a sharp and seemingly impossibly loud click seals her fate.

#### **8 - The proposal**

“There you go, what a good girl you are. All geared up for your new life. Now, isn’t that an exciting feeling?” The man asks her.

Ella hates herself for listening to this fuckhead. But she’s unsure what to feel or think. It's like there are two Ella's stuffed into her head. One wants to obey this man. The other Ella knows this is all wrong. It gets more confusing because her immediate actions suggest she wants to do this. This internal conflict is complicated by another, she just stupidly obeyed a man of which she doesn’t even know his fucking name. She’s been with him for weeks and she knows literally nothing useful about him.

She tugs at the snug collar.

“No Girl, it’s really on there." He laughs at her. "Now come with me. I have much to show you.”

He turns and heads to the stairs. Ella meekly follows with her hands holding on to the collar. At the foot of the stairs she stops.

“Sir?”

He turns around halfway up. “Yes my dear?”

“Don’t I get clothes?”

“You don’t need clothes girl,” he informs her.

“But we’re going outside?” She wants to know.

“No we’re not,” he says more friendly, “We’re going to see about your future. Come.” And he turns and walks out of the basement.

Ella nervously follows him, blinking at the bright sunlight as she emerges into a well equipped kitchen. Immediately distracted by the large window, she stares out of it. Longing to leave.

Her captor stands at the kitchen island and he holds out his hand. "Hey, focus. Come here." He calls out to her and Ella grabs his hand.

“Do you remember what this room is for?” he asks.

Ella looks stupidly around. ‘Duh… It’s a fucking kitchen.’ she thinks.

“A kitchen, Sir,” she politely answers.

“Correct. And can I trust you in it? Prepare our meals and not cause any trouble?” He continues.

“Yes Sir.” Ella smiles. Him saying 'our meals' did not miss its effect and she's immediately looking forward to eating real food again!

“Good, then from now on when you need to prepare food or get drinks, you’re free to be in here. Understand?”

Ella nods wide eyed. "Uh-huh…"

“Over there you’ll find recipes for everything I like to eat. If you don’t know how to make something, use those.” He points at a shelf filled with recipe books.

Ella looks at it and sees a wide variety of cuisines represented.

“Got it? Now, follow me…” He commands her.

In the living room he repeats his stupid questions and instructions, and tells her she’s free to be in this room at any time. But she’s not allowed to touch or control the TV or his games.

It’s a nice living room with soft carpet on the floor. A massive TV is mounted on the wall. There is no cable or satellite, it's only for Blu-ray movies and an old Nintendo game console he explains. Along another wall there is a fireplace and there are a few shelves filled with books on the left and movies and games on the right of it. A comfortable looking couch stands more or less in the middle of the room.

They then head to the bathroom, and the process repeats itself. More instructions for things she can and cannot do. But notably, she can be in the bathroom at any time she needs it but is not allowed to linger around in it.

Looking around, Ella sees a spacious shower area behind a shoulder height wall. No bath. A toilet of-course. And a large sink. She can use his electric toothbrush and shows her where to find the brush heads so they don’t have to share. There is a shaving kit as well, for when she needs to shave.

And he expects her to be neat and trimmed or shaven at all times.

There is a small laundry room with an expensive looking washing machine and tumble dryer. She can be in here as needed as well. And with that, she’s put in charge of laundry.

The next room is his office. She’s never allowed in here and will be punished if he ever finds her in it. He lets her peek inside through the door and then shuts it.

And finally at the end of the hallway is his bedroom. More soft carpet on the floor. A king size bed with lots of pillows. A tall and narrow mirror is mounted on one of the closet doors. She can move freely in this room as well.

Ella expects that she will be in here with him a lot.

With the tour pretty much over she thinks this is all stupid and simplistic bullshit and Ella wants to shout at him that she’s not an imbecile and can think for herself. Or better yet, that he should do his own chores and just let her go home.

But due to her programming she knows better than to say anything else but ‘Yes sir!’ And politely go along with it.

She also thought he would have a massive villa or something, imagining the basement as its dungeon. But somehow she got stuck in a small, but luxurious, 4 room farmhouse kind of setup.

“…And if you ever leave the house or the garden around it without my permission I’ll hunt you down and lock you in the basement. Understand?” His voice sounds threatening.

“Wha?… Eh, yes Sir! Don’t leave.” Ella hasn’t really been listening to the last few of his instructions. She was busy staring out of the window. She can see something of a valley with trees, it’s a beautiful view. Through another window there is a bit of a garden with some grass and more trees in the background. She imagines it's very remote.

No escape possible.

He frowns at her, wondering if she got the warning about leaving and his instruction about cleaning and laundry but lets it slide for now. “Come,” he simply says, and grabs hold of her. Hugging her tightly. “If you behave and follow my simple rules, your life will be quite comfortable and enjoyable. I promise.”

Ella nods into his shoulder.

“I’m not a bad man. I love you. Just remember that,” he continues. And Ella can’t help but smirk. “Do you think I’m bad?” he asks, hearing her snigger.

“Ye… ehh, No Sir!” Ella corrects herself.

“Hmm…” He hums, “Go to my office, and wait for me there.”

“Sir?” Ella looks questioning at him. ‘He’s already breaking his own rules?’ She wonders.

“It's time to talk about the future. Go!”

Ella walks to the office and slowly opens the door. Expecting her captor to charge at her and punish her as soon as she steps inside. But nothing happens.

She sits on a little stool near the desk, staring at his computer.

‘Ella… Your name is Ella Bloom, you’re 21 and you’re kidnapped. Your name is Ella, you’re 21 and you’re kidnapped. Your name is Ella, you’re 21.’ She reminds herself over and over again, just like she has done for god knows how many days now.

‘Am I still 21?’ She wonders. She has no idea of the date, or even what time it is now. ‘Is anyone looking for me? My parents? What happened to my house? And my stuff?’

She wishes she had more friends so more people would know she disappeared.

Mike enters the office, interrupting her thoughts, he’s wearing a nice looking jacket. All businesslike he sits at the desk and opens a drawer.

“Girl,” he starts. “Do you know why you’re here?” He wants to know.

“You said to go to your office sir.” Ella replies automatically.

“Yes, but in this house,” he rephrases.

“Ehh. Because you want it?” Ella tries. Vaguely remembering his words from so long ago.

“Correct, the moment I saw your photo I knew I had to have you,” he sort of explains.

“Oh… Why?” Ella flatly says.

“You’re so very beautiful, Girl. I think so anyway.”

“Thanks… I guess.” Ella quietly says, she doesn’t think her cute but plain looks are all that special.

He sees her disagreement and continues assuringly, “I really mean it. Naturally cute girls like you are not nearly as common as you might think.”

“If you say so…” Ella doubts, unsure where this is going or what this has to do with her future.

“Anyway, I also knew you’d never accept me for who I am.”

“Oh… Why?” Ella says again.

“Would you go on a date with me?” he asks.

Ella looks confused, is he asking her on a date now? “Now? I don’t understand.”

He sighs, “I mean before you arrived here.”.

“Oh… I might. If you're nice to me… I don’t know.” Ella thinks out loud.

“I see…” He starts to say.

“Would you have kidnapped me then as well? If we’d be out on a date?” Ella interrupts him.

“Ehh…” He never considered that, he just took the opportunity as it came to him 2 weeks ago. Mike has had a fantasy about transforming a girl into the perfect partner, it's why he has the basement the way it is. And it's why he has the instruction tape. But there was no real plan to kidnap anyone before Ella started making a racket at his brothel.

“Anyway, I want my partner to be compliant and loyal,” he changes the subject, “And as you might have guessed, I’m not good at meeting people. Certainly not women,” he starts to explain.

‘I don’t care! Let me go home!’ Ella screams at him in her head.

“When I grew up I realized I’m very apathetic towards most people. Women hate that, you see?” He monologues.

‘I don’t fucking care!’ Ella’s mind rages.

“Anyway, I also realized that it doesn’t really matter who my partner is. Where she comes from or what her name is, as I really don’t care.” He’s quiet for a moment looking for her reaction.

When she just stares at him, he continues. “What I want is to have a beautiful girl that does what I say and stands by my side. And, luckily it turns out that that person is you.”

‘Yes, so very lucky…’ Ella thinks, she feels like crying and her upper lip quivers for a moment.

He is oblivious to her sadness and just stupidly smiles at her. “I think we’re going to have lots of fun together. That’s very important to me.“

He looks at her for a reaction. But she still just stares at him with sad disbelief as she silently rejects his insane justification for ruining her life.

He then continues, “Most women seem to think they’re too good for me. Especially when they hear I own a call center and an escort service. Or…” he hesitates, “…because I’m not very attractive.”

Hearing that, Ella feels sorry for him and says, “I wouldn’t care about your job if you’d be a decent person,” she assures him without thinking.

“That’s good to hear. So you’re not going to be a nuisance, right Girl? No running away or making dumb arguments?”

Ella shakes her head. “No sir.”

‘Insecure prick…’ The fleeting thought zips through her mind, but really she feels sorry for him.

Then she stares at her feet and is unsure if her pity for him is a genuine response or if he wants her to think that way so that he can be the victim instead of her.

“See, then all is right.” He sighs with relief. “Now, here is what I wanted to show you. Remember? I promised you could make a choice? Take a look. Consider it a test.” He puts a sheet of paper on the desk.

Ella looks curiously at the paper.

“Read it!” He says.

She obeys and after reading it can’t believe her eyes. The document basically states that she, Ella Bloom, wishes to willingly abandon her life, her possessions and financial assets to become the willing partner and wife of Mike Boss. And in doing so she denies any wrongdoing and accepts that the previous weeks of training was done by her own free will.

Mike in turn promises to take care of her for as long as he can, and to his best ability.

It’s a simple contract, or agreement, with simple terms. Just a few paragraphs with her part in it, her 'choice'. And his commitment to her. Followed by 2 dotted lines for them both to sign.

She looks at Mike. “What is this?” Ella is refusing to accept the full meaning.

“Your future!” He simply says.

“But if I refuse?”

“Then you go back into the basement.”

“Oh…”

“Another week of training, or however long it takes,” he says.

Ella shakes her head.

Then another thought hits her, his name, Mike Boss.

“So every time they said ‘You’re going to the boss,’ that was your name?” She asks with a small voice.

“Yes, but I’m Sir to you, don’t forget.”

Ella feels cheated by thinking she was being brought to an anonymous boss-like figure but instead that was the guy's name the whole time.

“I, I can’t sign this.” Ella stutters, her eyes shooting fire.

“Sign it girl!” He tells her.

“No… Mike! You’re an insane and pathetic loser!” She spits the words at him. “Find a woman who actually loves you, the normal way… I want my life back!”

Mike looks hurt and nods and takes the paper away. “You’re sure?”

Ella nods desperately. Thinking that another week of abuse is a small price to pay to avoid becoming his slave wife.

He tears up the paper and points at the floor. Ella slides off the stool without thinking and kneels where he points. She looks at Mike filled with hate, scared for what he’ll do next.

He flips through a book titled ‘Programming people’ and reads a page. When he’s done he puts the book aside with a smirk and grabs a pair of scissors and a handful of Ella's hair.

“Don’t move,” he tells her.

Ella sees the sharp item come at her and screams, “Noo! No, please, don’t kill me, let me go!”

He ignores her fear and snips off her long hair just below her ears. Long locks falling to the ground. Not satisfied yet he again cuts bits of her hair shorter leaving her with an ugly uneven hairdo.

Ella sobs and whines at losing her hair. Her beautiful long hair. She crawls around and collects loose strands from the floor, clutching it in her hands. Looking bewildered at her captor.

“WHY?!?”

Mike says nothing and reaches into his desk drawer again and out comes a leather hood and a small jar. He points in front of him, "Face away from me." He instructs her.

Ella adjusts her position to kneel at his feet on auto-pilot.

‘Why am I listening to this maniac?’ she thinks. ‘What is wrong with me?’

Nothing is really wrong with Ella, but because of the weeks of programming she received during the nights she’s compelled to obey Mike. She may have slept through half of it. But a lot of the stuff the droning voice had repeated over and over is embedded in her mind. So much so that a lot of the things she does seem instinctive.

Ella doesn't at all realize the extent of the damage done to her. How her decision making process and sense of duty and care and even her idea of free will have been altered to suit Mike’s wants.

And while he can’t erase her memory or truly change her, he can influence her behavior and habits. This is, for now, most evident with how she has her own thoughts about wanting to escape or being distracted from Mike. She’s still Ella after-all. But at the same time, she follows his commands and can’t push herself to actually try and escape.

He opens the little jar and scoops out some doughy goop with a finger and fills her left ear with it, impairing her hearing. When Ella reaches up to her ear he smacks her on the head and she rests her hands on the floor again, staring forward.

No words needed, she knows she did wrong and stops doing it.

He then fills her other ear and wipes his finger in her hair and starts pulling the leather over her head.

Carefully positioning the triangular hole so her nose can poke out and he maneuvers the hood in place before pulling on the lace in the back until it’s as tight as it can be without snapping the leather strap. When done he zips a little flap over the string and clicks a small padlock through the zipper so it can’t be opened anymore.

The hood looks quite beautiful on Ella. The smooth brown leather shows no creases at all. He admires the outline of her jaw and the slight bumps of her ears. 'She’s truly beautiful in every way, even without a face.' He thinks feeling lucky.

Ella meanwhile is struck with fear and wonders what’s in store next. She can breathe through her nose and a tiny gap on her mouth. No issue there. But all she really hears is the blood in her ears.

“We’ll try again in a few days,” he says to Ella with a tap on her head.

Ella flinches and squeals at his touch but doesn’t hear a thing.

#### **9 - Two days of madness**

Ella had sort of expected to be thrown back into the basement, but no such thing seems to happen.

She sits in Mike’s office waiting for instructions that do not come. After 10 or so minutes she gets restless and starts feeling around. Not finding his feet she assumes he has left her alone. Her cut hair is gone too.

It's time to escape.

Crawling around the desk and feeling her way to the door she heads left and follows the wall until she finds a door with a twist knob. This is the front-door she remembers.

Unfortunately it’s locked.

She then goes looking for the kitchen, which also has a door to the outside. After some searching she bumps into something. Reaching up, there are pans and kitchen items on top of the thing she bumped into.

They clunk together as she clumsily feels around the things on the kitchen counter. But Ella is unaware of the noise she makes.

A firm slap on her naked butt causes her to scream and freeze in place. But after a minute nothing happens and she continues her exploration.

‘What the fuck is going on, is this some kind of test? A punishment?' she thinks feeling scared and abandoned.

Ella is left alone for the rest of the day. She keeps crawling around trying to find an escape but none of the outside doors open. Others are open but clearly lead to rooms she's been in.

It's a hopeless endeavor.

In the evening they have a little struggle when Mike forces a straw through the breathing hole to feed her another bread shake. Just as Ella realizes what’s happening and starts sucking on the straw it’s removed, giving her barely 3 sips.

After 'dinner' she’s pressed flat face down on the floor and Mike gently enters her vagina. He makes love to her right there in the hallway and when Ella finally starts getting into it she feels his penis swell inside her and he cums. Thrusting a few more times into her before leaving her alone.

Ella is left frustrated and horny. She’s too ashamed to masturbate and risk Mike seeing her and after a few hours she finally falls asleep somewhere in the house, she has no idea where. She’d found a place that she thinks is a corner and has carpet and just dropped down and slept. This happened to be in the living room.

The next morning she’s awoken by Mike when he pulls her upright and pushes the straw into her breathing hole again. This time she gets the full cup. And is left alone for the whole day until it’s dinner time.

Clearly she’s not alone. She gets a slap or shove from time to time and she has no idea why. It's nerve-wracking.

The whole experience drives her nuts and she wishes she could serve Mike. Make his food and wash his clothes. Or even be back in the basement giving him his daily blowjob and being fed her mushy meals through a straw. Anything is better than this.

All day she crawls around not knowing where she or Mike is. No matter where she goes, Mike is nowhere to be found, but really he could be standing right next to her avoiding her touch and she wouldn't have a clue.

Mike meanwhile reads a bit more in his book. The idea of this exercise is that if she is being ignored and helpless she'll crave his attention and ultimately realize that she can't be without him. He watches her throughout both days and gives her a firm slap on the butt when she’s about to break something or comes close to hurting herself.

On the morning of the third day he feeds her the regular shake and ignores her for the rest of the morning. Until he hears a repeated thud against a door along with Ella whining and crying.

Investigating the sound, he finds her in the bathroom where she's bumping her head into the door repeatedly. He ignores her plight for now but when the noise stops a little while later he goes to check on his captive again and finds her splayed out on the floor.

‘So pretty…’ is his first thought. Then he has a great idea and grabs her ankle, dragging her outside onto his patio.

Ella feels his grip and weakly struggles. Trying to kick him with her other foot but it’s no use. She’s dragged over the doorstep and feels the air change.

‘I’m outside!’ she thinks. ‘That’s not allowed!’ And she frantically tries to claw her way back inside.

Mike is of-course stronger than her and easily holds her in place with one hand holding her ankle up, he loosens his pants with his other hand, revealing his massive boner.

“Ohhh yes!” He grins at the sight beneath him. His life hasn’t been this much fun in years…

Mike gives a short tug on her leg and Ella stops moving, nervously waiting for what’s next. He then lets go of her and kneels between her legs, leaning over her. Kneading her firm C-cup breasts with one hand before lowering himself down and sliding his dick into Ella’s vagina.

“Ooohmm” Ella groans under his assault. But she doesn’t resist him.

When he starts thrusting into her, her body welcomes the sex. She feels more horny with every thrust he makes.

Ella hates herself as her body betrays her yet again.

‘You’re Ella, you need to escape!’ She forces the thought into her mind but it doesn’t stick. And before she knows it her legs are wrapped around his waist and her hands caress his neck as she desperately holds on to him to consume their sex.

She grunts along with his thrusts and after a few minutes tenses up and whimpers as her orgasm crashes over her. Mike isn’t done yet and he keeps fucking her gently but firmly. Scooping her up, they sit up straight. Ella is balancing on his crotch and legs. As if on auto-pilot Ella starts riding Mike while quietly moaning, bobbing her body up and down on his penis wishing she could control herself.

He’s looking over her shoulder in the distance, enjoying the horny girl and the view over the valley. Mike then grunts and has his orgasm, spurting his semen into her. Ella barely responds but stops her lovemaking and leans into him with her arms around his torso making small noises while she breathes heavily.

He undoes the flap hiding the leather string on her hood and loosens it. Soon Ella sits blinking against the light and she can look over his shoulder at the house.

She thinks it’s a nice house. Dark rock walls, as is so typical for British farm houses. A big glass sliding door leads into the living room. They're on a tiled patio. She’d love to have a house like this. Such a pity it has Mike living in it.

Her hearing returns when he peels the hardened blobs of goop from her ears. And she fingers her ears as the air hits it.

Mike relishes the feeling of her body against his. Her breasts pressing into his chest and her head leaning on his shoulder. It's the best feeling ever.

“Girl?” he asks after a few moments.

“Yes… Sir?”

“You really went all out just now… Are you finally ready to become mine?” He softly asks her.

“I ehh, I…” Ella stutters, her head red with embarrassment, “You’ll do what you want anyway…” she then whispers near his ear.

“Indeed, so why make it harder for yourself?” He argues.

“Please just let me go… Please, please please…” Ella pleads with him.

“I won’t do that, Girl. You know that.”

“Then I hate you. I hate that you chose me. I hate this life and everything,” she quietly cries into his shoulder.

“I see,” he says with disappointment.

"I'll kill myself…" She whispers.

He hopes she won't. Holding her body against his own he effortlessly stands up. His softening penis slips out from her.

Ella hangs limp in his arms as she is carried back into the basement where he puts the manacles back on her wrists and ankles and padlocks them together. With the short chain he hooks her ankles to the floor anchor.

“We’ll try again in a week,” he tells her with a dejected sigh.

“Wait!” Ella calls out after him. But she’s ignored.

A few minutes later the light clicks off and the droning voice starts its routine.

#### **10 - The strange couple**

After 5 more weeks of getting brainwashed in the basement she finally gives up and signs his contract to become his ‘willing’ wife.

When she signed the contract with trembling hands Mike had insisted that the document is her bond to him, her commitment. And when he thinks she’s ready they’ll get married for real.

She had passively nodded and at the time didn't care for anything he said as long as she would be out of that fucking basement.

For a time she mistook her sense of duty towards Mike as her liking him. Her mind got so warped because of the programming she received that she knows something isn’t right, but she can’t quite put her finger on what that is.

She often curses herself for not being able to trust her own thoughts.

It’s been several years now and they're still not married. Apparently Ella isn't ready. He sometimes probes at her love for him, but it always falls on deaf ears.

Her hair has grown long again and at least 4 winters have passed. But without the internet, TV or any connection to the world… Who knows how long it has really been.

Winters are the worst. Without any clothes it’s too cold to go outside so her tiny world becomes even smaller for several months. During winter she spends a lot of time in front of the fireplace reading Mike's books. She has read all of them several times by now.

More recently Ella likes to break some of the simple rules imposed on her. Sometimes when she knows he'll be gone for a while she watches a movie on her own, breaking his rule to not touch the TV. Or she sits in the shower for hours with the door locked while masturbating thinking he's not paying attention. She sometimes purposely forgets things or screws up his dinner, never her own though.

Mike knows she does this and concludes that Ella isn’t smart enough to realize that the TV gets warm when you use it, or that the input channel doesn't change on its own. One time he even found the Blu-ray Disc still in the player.

Ella is bad at covering her tracks.

He also knows she lies to him about little things thinking he won't notice. They're obvious but insignificant violations of his rules and he doesn't really care.

As long as she is loyal and attentive he's a lenient man. At his core he is not a mean person.

Mike, as it turned out, is very much a loner. He's very intelligent but also very introverted and has trouble communicating with people less clever than him. Which is most people, including Ella from time to time. As a result he often feels excluded, or misunderstood. He has no real friends and always works from home.

She can, on some level, understand why he would feel the need to kidnap and fabricate a lover.

A few times per week he goes somewhere, he never tells her where he is going but most of the time he returns hours later with groceries, a newspaper, new movies and other necessities of life. Unknown to her, Mike often visits his accountant or goes to the bank to talk business. He has 2 businesses to run after-all. He sometimes has a beer with the one or two people he is friendly with in the local pub. Sometimes he just goes out for a walk in the forest they live in.

Ella knows little of what Mike does when he's not home. He doesn’t tell her much.

For the first year he had locked her into the basement whenever he left the house. Sometimes he’d chain her to the patio with a chain around her ankle. But more recently he got more lax and left her free in the house.

As far as she knows Mike never lied to her. So when he told her there is an electrified fence around his land she believed it. She never saw the fence though.

There is no fence, and if Ella wasn’t so scared of Mike she could have easily left during those times.

But she’s right to be scared. The few times she had wandered to the edge of the grassy garden Mike had caught her and slapped her so hard and so many times for even thinking about going anywhere that her face had been bruised for weeks. This had happened 3 times, one time she was just chasing a squirrel and wasn't even trying to leave.

His violent outbursts had made a huge impression on her though. She never really left the patio or the grassy area in front of it since, unless he joins her.

Likewise, he had caught her in his office once. Ella was trying to access the internet on his laptop. He had thrown her through the room and into the hallway so savagely that her head had slammed into the wall opposite the door causing a nosebleed and sprained wrist.

She had spent 2 days in the basement chained to the floor anchor by her wrists and ankles. He didn't treat her bleeding nose at first and she was a right mess when she came out.

To add insult to injury she had to scrub her own blood off the wall and floor when she was let out of the basement.

While Mike never apologized for what he did to her, he did nourish her back to health with great care when he calmed down. He likes a pretty girl after all.

Having learned her lesson she now dutifully plays house.

She makes his food, does his laundry, cleans the place. She makes sure she’s available when Mike needs her. She does everything her programming demands of her.

Overall her life isn’t that bad. His bed is really comfortable and his embrace is strong and comforting. The life he gives her also means she has zero responsibilities to the world. Her only concern is to take care of Mike. Which is generally not that hard.

The biggest decisions she makes usually involve what to make for breakfast, lunch and dinner. And depending on the weather, if she’ll be indoors for the day or not. For everything else Mike usually tells her what to do.

It’s peaceful and quiet, albeit lonely and isolated.

On many days Ella is very lonely and bored as there is simply not much to do. The highlights in her simple life are when they have sex. Even though the sex is almost always the same it’s an exciting few minutes. And after learning to enjoy it she often goes all out with her pleasures.

Where he is a gentle and kind lover, she is very energetic and proactive. Sex is her only real outlet and excitement in life. And every time she has an orgasm she feels super alive and at peace, it's the best feeling.

Mike often has to tell her to tone it down and sometimes even punish her for being too wild to his liking. These punishments usually consist of him locking her in the basement while dangling from the winch.

Also 2 days ago where she felt so incredibly horny that she had exhausted herself while riding his dick with so much energy that he had to order her to slow down. He doesn't enjoy that kind of wild sex at all. Not enough body contact. But when she didn’t listen to him and just kept bouncing up and down on his penis while moaning loudly he had thrown her off of him and held her down with her hands in the small of her back while thrusting calmly into her from behind.

Ella gasped had struggled with the boring position and had begged for more but him being much stronger he had ignored her plea and gently and slowly fucked her until he came inside of her. He had held her from behind for a moment while whispering sweet nothings in her ear and went to sleep.

Not having had her orgasm, she had fumed at the injustice of it and craving her release she had crawled under the blanket, massaging his penis and balls until he got hard again. His soft moans had encouraged Ella and she gently fucked him in his sleep. Slowly riding him while trying to keep quiet. Just when she was about to orgasm again he had woken up and told her to stop screwing around and get to sleep.

Ella had finally backed off and laid on her side slowly rubbing her nipples and vagina for hours until she fell asleep unfulfilled. She never got over her embarrassment to masturbate while Mike is home.

The next morning after making breakfast for Mike she had tried again to seduce him but instead he had unkindly shoved her into the basement and hung her from her wrists from the winch. Her legs flailing under her she can't touch the floor and she begs to be let down.

“Think about what you did and why you’re here,” he had told her when he left the basement, turning off the light.

As usual Ella doesn’t know what she did to deserve this and learns nothing from it. When he released her two hours later she had sat in the grass rubbing her chafed wrists while keeping a sharp eye on Mike, but he hadn’t said a word to her, nor made any attempt to explain himself.

Only very occasionally he strings her up in the basement from the winch and rarely does she understand why.

During dinner she had asked why he put her in the basement and he told her he needed some time alone and continued with the evening like nothing ever happened. They watched movies together all evening, Ella had curled up under his arm and slept through most of it.

Often when they're outside, she lazes around in the sun, suntanning while Mike works from the patio. Sometimes she tends to the garden even though she's not a very good gardener. Mike has her help cut the grass and trim bushes and such. And she secretly has a pot behind a larger bush where she tries to grow a rose bush.

But whatever she planted there is not a rose and will never be a bush.

Mike found out about this secret project when the salad bowl went missing from the kitchen. Another little lie from Ella.

Over the last few months she sometimes almost forgets that she's a captive. Sometimes they even have actual fun together. A tickle contest, or a pillow fight. Cooking together. Making her laugh from a comic in the newspaper. Having an actual conversation that she's actually interested in. Simple but fun things.

He had brought a badminton set and a frisbee home at some point, but they both agree it's not very fun.

The pink inflatable flamingo is much more fun, and it’s used as a sunbed for tanning a lot.

And despite all this and her programming, she can't let go of the nagging thought that she’s in a loveless one-sided ‘relationship’.

Her collar is a symbol of that as well.

#### **11 - Staring at people**

Ella, or Girl, as she’s known these days, sits in the kitchen. She made breakfast for Mike and is thinking about what she wants for her own breakfast. As she does on some days she reflects on her sad excuse for a life and wonders how long she’s been here. Her thoughts are interrupted when Mike enters the kitchen.

“Morning…” He greets her with a quick kiss on her cheek.

“Hello Sir.” Girl replies with a smile.

“Today I have to head into town,” he shares with her.

“Oh, that’s great.” Her smile widens.

‘I’ll sleep some mo…’ she starts making plans.

“I want you to come with me for a change,” he announces.

“What? Ehh. Really?” Girl asks, she looks startled.

“Yea why not? You’ve been very good behaved. I think you’re ready to see the world again. We’ll get an ice cream and be among other people, see how that goes.”

“But I have no clothes.”

“Oh I have something for you,” he casually responds. He has been preparing for this day for years.

“Yeah? Thanks.” Ella agrees on auto-pilot. She can’t refuse him, but she rather stays here and not see him for the day.

“Sir?”

“Yes Girl?”

“How long have I been here?” Ella asks.

“Uhm, that’ll be 4 wonderful years now, almost 5,” he informs her.

“Oh…” Ella sits quiet for a moment.

“And my previous life?”

“What about it?” He inquires.

“Is my house still there? My friends and family?” She wants to know.

“Ehh. I doubt that. But you’re here now… Your new life,” he says.

“Yeah, but…”

“But what?! Just be thankful that I’m here for you. That you can live in this nice house and not have to worry about anything except me,” he bursts out, sounding upset.

“If anyone in the world cared for you they would have come looking…” Mike adds.

“But how would anyone know where to look?” Ella continues. “I'm sure someone is looking for me…” she thinks with a small voice.

“Shut up Girl! And don’t ask me again. I don’t know,” he shuts her down.

‘Maybe she’s not ready yet…’ He thinks with worry.

Every once in a while they have this argument. It always more or less goes the same, Ella asks her simplistic questions and Mike gets cornered by his lack of knowledge about her old life. And tells her to shut up.

He never bothered to look up where she’s from, if she had a boyfriend, friends or parents. What her education is, things like that.

He has zero interest in such things.

He did follow the news for a while after he took her but he stopped paying attention when the Police floated the idea that since there is no trace of any wrong-doing or any leads at all, she might have simply ran away.

Ella makes a grilled cheese sandwich for herself and they eat their breakfast in silence while Mike reads his emails.

“So about going to town. What do…” Ella tries. She’s cautiously excited to go.

“Yeah, let’s prepare. It’s a long drive,” he interrupts her and slaps his laptop closed while getting up. They head to the bedroom where he pulls a shoe box from the bottom of the closet and pulls out a colorful flowery dress and a pair of slippers.

“Here, wear this,” he hands her the knee length dress. “And these.” A pair of brown leather slippers drops in front of Ella.

She stares at the garment in disbelief. She has known that the box has been there for years but never looked inside.

She quickly slips the dress over her head. It's a bit tight around her chest but it'll do fine and she looks at the strange girl in the mirror. After being naked for over 4 years it feels weird to wear clothes.

She twirls around with a giggle.

Mike looks at her and sees her excitement. She never really giggles, or looks happy like this. He’s already doubting his wisdom for having her join him, thinking again that maybe it’s too soon.

His book claims that 4 years is enough to turn a person into a trustworthy partner though, and he’s going to have to try it some time, so he ignores his worries.

In the car Ella looks curiously around, she has never been further than 20 meters from his house in the last 4 years. Worse yet, she doesn’t even know where ‘here’ is. Nor does she remember how she got here. Everything she sees is new to her.

“Sir? Where are we?” She wants to know.

“Hm? We’re in the car,” he avoids answering.

“Are we going to Bristol? Or some place I’ve been before?” She continues asking questions.

“Oh I doubt that.” Comes his vague answer. He navigates around a tree and the path improves to a pounded gravel road.

Moments later the car emerges from the forest and Ella sees farmlands and buildings immediately next to the road.

A mere 2 kilometers from Mike’s house there are already people. Nobody is in sight though.

“This is your neighbor?” She asks Mike.

“Yea I guess, I never met them though,” he confirms. “Just a bunch of farmers,” he adds.

Ella thinks about that and wonders how he can not know his neighbors. She knew her neighbors. She remembers a kind couple to the right. And a creepy weirdo on the left side of her house.

It’s a 40 minute drive over smaller rural roads, every few kilometers there is a farm or a house or some kind of building. Mike doesn’t live in a remote far away house at all it seems.

Then they turn onto a bigger 2 lane road and follow it for another 15 minutes and finally they drive through the outskirts of Penzance, a town in the south-western tip of England.

While clearly British, Ella doesn’t recognize anything other than some larger stores that are in Bristol as well. There’s a train station too.

“Now don’t talk to anyone, OK?” Mike warns her.

“Yes Sir.”

“I mean it! If you think a month in the basement was bad. Think about how you like a year down there…”

He remembers how defeated Ella was when she came out of the basement after 5 weeks. When they talked about that before he made her sign his contract, she admitted she thought it was the worst experience of her life.

He had used the threat of the basement ever since.

“Yes, Sir…” Ella sighs.

Stopping at Tesco he picks up 3 bags and a box that are there waiting for him. The weekly groceries.

10 minutes later they park near the harbor and she follows Mike through the small town center to the ice-cream shop. Her dress feels funny as she moves. The fabric is rubbing her nipples, making them erect. It tickles on her hips and legs when the fabric brushes her skin, too.

She clings to his arm and rubs her face on his elbow in order to hide her flustered state. Mike doesn't pay much attention to her as he guides her through town but thinks she's acting strange.

All throughout town there are people. People are talking and laughing. Kids run around playing on a little square. People are working. There are some couples. She stares openly at everyone.

At the ice-cream shop she can pick 2 scoops and after taking way too long to choose she picks chocolate and banana in a waffle cone.

Her first ice-cream in years, and it’s super delicious.

From there they head to the nearby seaside and they look at the many sailboats that are anchored there while finishing their treat. Ella always thought the forested hilly land around Mike’s house was nice, but seeing the sea is something else.

They sit on the stone seawall and Ella leans into him as he puts his arm around her shoulder.

“Mike?” Ella starts.

Mike scowls at her “I’m Sir to you Girl, behave!”

“Can I have a book?” Ella asks unfazed.

“Why? What’s wrong with the ones I already have?” Mike wants to know.

“I’ve read them all. I want something new to read. I saw a bookstore on the way here.” Ella explains.

“Girls don’t have wants or possessions. But I’ll think about it,” he informs her.

When a police car drives past she briefly considers running after it. But she’s scared of what will happen if the cops don’t see her. And part of her doesn't even want to escape anymore.

Unknown to them both, the ice-cream vendor thought Ella’s behavior was strange. Plus the metal collar she’s wearing… It’s very suspicious to the old man. He made a report to a police officer on patrol and he called for the police car that drove by them just now to take a more detailed statement and investigate further.

Mike and Ella chit-chat a bit more about nothing, as they usually do. Mostly Mike babbling about sailboats and maybe going on vacation on one. She attentively listens to his ideas thinking it'll never happen.

In one ear, and out the other.

So far the adventure is actually less fun than she expected. Seeing the strange town and its people is nice and all but really she thinks it's tiring. There are so many noises around her, things to look out for. At least at Mike's house it's safe and quiet.

Checking his watch he announces it’s time to go. The 2nd purpose of the trip is to buy a few things. They get a bag of charcoal and skewers for the barbecue. At a hardware store he buys a new spout for the hose in the garden and a new seat cushion for one of the patio chairs.

Ella steals a white flower from one of their plastic plants and sticks it behind her ear.

The store clerk also thinks Ella is being weird and out of place. When 2 cops show up asking about the pair he’s convinced he’ll be an important witness in whatever is going on. But he can’t even describe either of them properly other than a plain looking man and a pretty girl in a flower dress that wandered around the store like she was lost.

Hearing that, the cops ask what things she picked up and confiscate a glass cup that visibly has fingerprints on it.

From a smaller shop Mike gets a new salad bowl and on and on it goes. Soon Ella is carrying 7 shopping bags. It all gets dumped into the car and they head to their last stop.

Ella has to wait in the lobby of an office for over an hour while Mike talks business with his accountant.

Sitting on the straight chair swinging her legs back and forth she rolls and twirls the flower she stole between her fingers. Ella could just get up and leave. Nobody would notice she thinks. It’s the best opportunity she has had in years but she doesn’t immediately take it. What if Mike catches her before she can find help? He’ll probably beat her again or put her in the basement for a year.

‘Yeah, but he kidnapped you, stupid. Run awaaaay!’ Her mind yells at her. A heated argument starts in her head where two parts of her are fighting over what’s right.

One part is scared of what to do if she runs away or who to turn to and therefore wants to stay in her stable and predictable life.

Her old self longs for her parents and to go home.

After a few minutes her old self finally gets the upper hand. Just as she starts to make a move the office door opens and a handsome man, a little older than herself, steps out followed by Mike.

“Well well, here’s the lucky lady. You really look a treat miss…” he jovially greets her.

“Are you enjoying the spoils of his riches? Mike told me a lot about you over the years. You’ve been together for almost 5 years?”

Ella is frozen in place with her butt hovering centimeters above the seat. She stares at the man while slowly sitting back down.

‘Lucky? Enjoying riches? He knows about me?’ she thinks. After all this time she still has no idea how wealthy Mike really is.

Mike nods encouragingly at her.

“Ehh, yes. He took me 4 years ago I think.” Ella tells him.

“Took you?” The accountant laughs. Eyeing her up and down.

Mike makes a gesture for her to shut up. But Ella isn’t paying attention to him.

“Uh-huh, from his work, in a bag. I don’t remember exactly. But I’m his now. Look.” Ella tilts her head so Tom can see her collar.

“I see…” The accountant frowns. Not sure what to think of this revelation.

Mike looks super angry at her and makes a fist to her before distracting the accountant.

“So Tom, see you next month?” He starts making his exit and cutting off the small talk. “I trust you’ll take care of things.”

“Yea, sure sure. Don’t worry about it.” Tom says, sounding distracted. He has seen that face before, somewhere.

“Hey, what’s your name?” he asks Ella, realizing Mike never told him.

“Ehh, Ella Bl…uhm, just Girl.” Ella corrects herself.

Mike rolls his eyes and reaches for her hand, “See you next month Tom, call me when it’s done.” And he pulls Ella along and hurries out the door.

Ella looks pleading at Tom and mouths ‘help me’ as she stumbles over the doorstep while looking over her shoulder.

Tom stares after her and idly nods, ‘What the hell was that about?’ He thinks.

Mike takes big steps towards the car and tugs her along like she’s a dog on a short leash.

Then they’re in the car Mike explodes with anger and shouts at her. “You dumb fucking cunt! Why not just say you’re my girlfriend! Or a hired hooker! An alien from Mars! I don’t fucking care what… BUT ANYTHING ELSE THAN THAT I TOOK YOU IN A BAG!”

She looks scared at him and says, “You nodded that I could talk to him. I don’t know,” she tells him. “Sorry… Sir. I guess…”

Ella pulls up her legs onto the seat so her knees are touching her chin and leans against the door.

‘Missed my chance…’ she thinks sadly to herself.

“Yeah, how fucking dumb was I to take you along thinking you could handle it! Jesus fucking christ!” He punches in her direction, hitting her thigh and starts the engine and starts the journey home.

‘Loser!’ she thinks for the billionth time.

Later that afternoon the police raid Tom's office believing Mike and Ella are still there. After turning the building upside down they finally turn their attention to a very annoyed Tom and his startled client who only then learn why the cops so rudely interrupted their meeting.

“Goddammit, you could’ve just asked!” Tom explodes, directing his anger at the apologetic inspector leading the operation. “Hell, even a phone call would’ve worked!”

“Sorry but we had to act quickly…” The inspector explains.

“Act quickly? QUICKLY!?! They left hours ago! Go wait in the vestibule, we’ll talk once I finish here!”

He practically shoves the inspector out of his office and tries to smooth things over with his client.

10 minutes of apologies later Tom has calmed down quite a bit and invites the now two police inspectors back in. After a short talk it is revealed that the cops have been after a young woman all afternoon for questioning. The 2nd inspector has brought a few case files from missing persons and Tom, without hesitation, points out Ella.

"That's her, that's the girl. But she's older now."

The cops inform him that the young woman is in fact Ella Bloom who had disappeared years ago. And Tom now feels like a dick for making the police wait, he provides all the info he has on Mike, short of his financial details.

"I knew it. She's been in all the papers… That's where I've seen her before." Tom exclaims. "Fucking hell… So what now? Need me to help? Mike trusts me… I can call him and…"

"Mister Henning! Please refrain from any rash actions. We'll take it from here." The inspector interrupts him. "And I need not remind you that any contact with Mike is prohibited as of now. Understand?"

"Yeah, yeah, of-course. Anything I can do to help…" Tom exclaims. His head is spinning from the fact that Mike is a kidnapper. He never suspected a thing.

The inspectors leave with a wealth of information and get to work on figuring out where Mike actually lives. The address Tom had provided only points at the general area on maps.

An undercover cop scouts the location and finds nothing but a mailbox next to a gravel road leading over the hill and into a forest. An opened gate is positioned a few meters down the path. He can't continue without a warrant or probable cause and him showing up without a good reason surely would raise suspicion.

#### **12 - An end to the madness**

Back at the house Ella is shoved onto the patio. Mike rips her dress from her body leaving the tattered garment on the floor. When Ella is naked again he forces her to sit on the tiles and chains her ankle to the roof support pole.

“Fuck you for being so fucking stupid! No dinner and no book! Understand?!” He curses at her, giving her a kick on her leg and leaves her alone.

Mike never has been this angry with her. He can understand an escape attempt. He can understand her screwing up dinner. But this? Incomprehensible.

She’s nervously scared and says nothing. She’s never really been punished other than when she got too close to the edge of the yard or when she entered his office, or did her chores poorly when she just started. She has no idea what Mike will do to her but hopes he ‘loves’ her too much to actually harm her.

She keeps thinking about Tom the accountant. He nodded at her silent plea for help. Surely he will come for her.

Mike ignores her for the rest of the day and not being really hungry he just eats an extra large bowl of cereal for dinner. Ella gets nothing. He's still angry that evening and decides to leave her outside for the night as well. ‘That’ll teach her to think twice before saying dumb shit.’ He thinks vengeful.

While brushing his teeth he gets a hard-on thinking about his power over poor Ella and decides he should be tougher on her from now on and strike some renewed fear into her. Maybe lock her in the basement instead of only threatening her with it whenever she does something wrong.

He decides to read up on some good rules and punishments before going to sleep. The new regime can start tomorrow. But first, she should give him a blowjob.

Stepping outside he shivers as the cold hits his naked torso. Giving her another kick, which lands on her shoulder, he wakes Ella and has her kneel in front of him. He then sticks his dick in her mouth and demands his pleasures. She does her best and gags on his penis trying to please him. But it's no use.

"You suck cock like a stupid whore today." Mike demeans her. "You can stay outside until you beg to be locked in the basement."

Ella dies inside when hearing that. All the goodwill she earned seems to be gone in an instant. And for what? For not knowing how to talk to someone?

“I’m sorry, so very sorry. I’ll be better. Please let me sleep inside. Anywhere… It’s so cold here…” she pleads for mercy.

He sees her scared face and grins at her. “You’re a pathetic dumb cunt, you know that? Stupid cunts like you don’t even deserve the warmth of my basement.”

Ella looks down, not knowing what to respond to his mean words. He’s so different from usual, she doesn’t know what to do or think.

“Fine, I’ll just freeze to death then…” She whispers, sounding defeated. Suddenly she’s ready to give up, she’s had enough of her life. Just like when she first got out of the basement and she weakly threatened to kill herself, but if Mike turns into an angry madman she really sees no way forward.

“It’s summer, stupid! You won’t freeze, but let this be a lesson. The first of many…” he threatens her, followed by, “Look up!”

When she does he quickly jerks himself off, grunts and his load spurts over her face and laughs at her flinching.

He then heads inside and the patio door locks and all lights go out.

Ella sits stunned for a moment and ends up quietly crying herself back to sleep, hungry and shivering in the cold.

‘Fuck my life… I’ll end it.’ Ella promises herself that when she can enter the kitchen again she'll cut her wrists or something, or eat all the painkillers in the house and overdose.

At the crack of dawn Ella opens her eyes. A noise had awoken her. She’s all sore and stiff and doesn’t want to move. But there is a noise behind her again.

She has covered herself in the torn up dress and gathered the seat padding and slept a little but she feels terrible.

Again a rustling sound behind her and just as she moves to look, someone steps over her, thinking she’s just a pile of sheets or something.

“Oh… Hey…” A policeman quietly says, surprised to see there’s a woman under it.

“Hey…” Ella flatly responds briefly looking up, but seeing it’s not Mike she curls up hiding under the dress.

The policeman kneels next to her and puts a finger to his lips indicating for her to be quiet and gestures around the corner to someone and points at Ella. Several more policemen walk past as they surround the house.

This time they made sure they have the right place. Inspectors had worked all night gathering as much information as they could and now they have shown up in full force.

With a snapping sound the chain is cut from her ankle with a pair of huge bolt cutters.

“Quiet now. We’re here to get you out. Follow me.” The policeman hushes.

“I’m naked,” she whispers back feeling very self conscious in front of so many strangers.

A uniform jacket appears a moment later and Ella covers herself.

“How many are inside? Just Mike? Any weapons in the house?”

Ella nods sullen. "Yeah just Mike, he left me here…" She answers, not really realizing what’s happening.

“We have the woman. He's inside. Execute, execute, execute!” Ella’s rescuer quietly says in his radio.

All hell breaks loose as the police at the front kick in the door and raid the home while Ella is whisked away to a nearby ambulance.

Parked just out of sight there are 3 police cars, the one at the front is an armed response vehicle. Behind it are 2 police vans and an ambulance. All lined up on the forest path that leads to the house.

The ambulance crew and 2 female cops receive her and they do a quick check for her health. The uniform jacket is switched for a warm blanket and after being declared healthy the medic tells her to keep warm. She pulls it tightly around herself and sits in the ambulance feeling numb.

It’s like her head is full of fog.

“What's happening?” Ella asks several times at the people around her. “What’s going on? Where is Mike? I need to make breakfast. I have to prepare his clothes.” And more of such things.

“Don’t worry about that. You’re free now.” One of the female officers comforts her. “Tell me, what’s your name?”

“Girl.” Ella says.

“Your birth name. Not whatever he called you.” The officer insists.

“Ehh. Girl, eh, Ella.”

“Ella Bloom? From Bristol?”

She nods vaguely. “I think so. Am I really free? Where is Mike?”

“That’s good… And yes you’re free. Almost.”

“Huh? Almost?” Ella is confused.

“You’re here against your will?” The female officer continues her questioning.

“Ehh, I signed his contract.” Ella hesitates.

“A contract? Did he make you sign that?” She asks.

“Yes, after the basement. I had no choice.” Ella says.

“What happened in the basement? Did he hurt you?”

"He kept me tied up in it for weeks until I decided to sign." Ella sadly recalls.

"And after? Did he hurt you any more?" The cop wants to know.

“Sometimes… I think. No, not really. Oh, Yes! Sir hits me when I try to leave. Last night he kicked me and called me names, I don’t know why.” Ella reels at the hazy memory and stumbles over her words.

The police woman frowns.

“You poor thing.” The cop says. “But don’t worry about that now.”

“How did you find me?” Ella asks with a small voice.

“Yesterday you were in Penzance right? The town?”

When Ella nods, the cop continues, “We received several reports from people who thought you needed help. But it wasn’t until we found your fingerprints and talked to Mr. Henning that we discovered that your name is Ella and where we might find you."

Ella says nothing and a tear runs down her cheek.

"Ella. We’ve been looking for you for over 4 years!” When Ella doesn’t respond she adds, “Do you hear what I'm saying?”

“Who is Mister Henning?” Ella finally asks. She looks confused.

“The accountant you and Mike visited yesterday. You two were in his office for 2 hours.” The other female cop explains.

“Oh, he said I was lucky and asked for my name…” Ella remembers.

“And it’s good that he did… He saw you in the newspaper after you disappeared and recognized you.” The first female cop smiles at her.

“So. You’re free now. Mike no longer controls you. Do you understand what I’m saying? How does that make you feel?” The female officer wants to know.

“Oh… OK. Yeah. That’s good.” Ella smiles, she finally starts to catch on to what's happening and that her nightmare is over.

The medic does a few more tests on Ella, checking her responses by waving a finger in front of her face. Asking a few basic questions about her diet and if she wants anything.

“I just want to go home.” Ella sighs. “My real home…”

They all smile reassuringly at Ella.

“Soon dear. Real soon.” The police woman fidgets with her collar but can’t figure out how it works. She then writes everything down while asking dozens more questions. And finally she takes Ella’s picture.

Ella looks distraught and lost in it.

Just as they’re about done, there are rustling footsteps and Ella watches as Mike is put in the 2nd police van. They look at each other for a moment, but neither says anything. He looks even more upset than yesterday though.

Ella looks after him with worry. Her programming demands that she worries for him but the real Ella couldn’t care less.

“Fuck you! Fucking asshole,” she mutters after him.

“What’s that Ella?” The cop asks. She’d been writing her initial report, taking the details from the ambulance test results.

“I said fuck you.” Ella declares. “To him.”

The 2nd cop sniggers hearing that.

Seeing Mike being shoved in a police van and driven away, Ella can’t keep her cool anymore. Reality finally kicks in and she bursts into tears. The second cop who hasn’t said much until now hugs Ella firmly while whispering reassuring things in her ear. Promising she’ll be home soon.

Everyone except a team of crime scene investigators vacate the property and Ella is taken to hospital.

While Ella is set up in a private room one of the nurses spots her collar and blurts out that she knows how to remove it if she wants.

Her symbol of captivity has to go and Ella really really wants to get rid of it.

The nurse, Sarah, goes looking for a paperclip and when she returns her manager asks, “And what would you know about that?”

Sarah’s head turns a red shade but she refuses to explain her knowledge and everyone looks weird at her.

“It’s just a pinlock… Duh,” she says as if that’s so obvious while she bends the paperclip straight. A prick with the paperclip and some wiggling later and the collar comes off.

Sarah winks at Ella and whispers so nobody can hear, “It’s not just for kidnap victims. I have one just like it for fun…”

Ella doesn’t know how to respond to that.

Then the police remove everyone from the room and Ella is left alone to rest. 2 officers are posted outside, preventing anyone non-essential from entering.

That afternoon her parents arrive. The police had driven them out from Bristol to Penzance under special escort. A 300 kilometers long wild ride with two police cars which often used their sirens to speed things along.

Her parents are both a bit out of it but are very eager to meet their daughter again.

Ella is flipping through TV channels unable to pick one when they burst into the room.

Ella’s mother, Elise, made her peace with losing her daughter and assumed that Ella had been murdered or something. Her father, Frank, never gave up hope but now that it’s real and his daughter is actually coming home, he doesn’t know what to say to her. The three of them hug for many minutes and cry happy tears. Neither can find the right words.

It’s an emotional and awkward event.

Ella only vaguely remembers their names or what they look like but she’s super happy to meet them. They spend the whole afternoon in the hospital catching up and getting reacquainted, while doctors run a few more tests and the police keep showing up with more questions and things for her to confirm or explain. And finally they deliver her passport back, which Mike had kept in his office.

Presumably for their intended wedding day.

The next day Ella is declared fit enough to go home if she wants. Mike had kept her healthy and other than screwing with her head she’s perfectly fine.

Elise had packed some clothes for her daughter for the trip home. And she helps Ella get dressed.

Ella doesn’t know what she wants. She didn’t make any impactful decision in almost 5 years and has no idea what to do. Her dad takes charge, and they all head home that afternoon. Refusing another police escort.

Instead they take the train and make it a bit of a family adventure. They have pretty much the whole wagon for themselves most of the way so they can talk and cry all they want.

At the Bristol train station an unmarked police car awaits them, the police officers in it insist on making sure they get home safely and play taxi for them.

#### **13 - Another new life**

Mike meanwhile has proven to be an untrustworthy bastard towards his cohorts. He implicates everyone he can think of and screws everyone over in an attempt for a reduced sentence. Over the next few days the Police raid several addresses to arrest John, Quinn, Roger and the nurses from the clinic and Joe gets picked up for questioning as well.

Based on logs and camera images from VelvetCat the Police also arrest Ella’s creepy neighbor and the first man who had sex with her and even Zoey is questioned about John and what happened that day.

Turns out that everyone except John and Roger were unwitting participants, and they're free to go after a few days of questioning.

Unfortunately for the police, Ella doesn’t remember much from what happened before her kidnap and can’t really confirm anything of what Mike claims that has happened other than that it was a confusing and terrible day with lots of scary and unwanted sex.

With the 3 men in custody things become much more clear. When all is said and done the Police screw Mike right back and aim for a life sentence without parole. Roger gets a similar sentence, but may appeal for parole after 10 years. John is put on a work blacklist and gets a massive fine for falsifying documents and basically just for being a dumbass. He'll never be hired for any serious job while on this list.

John takes his loss and leaves for Thailand soon after. No blacklists there.

Ella is mostly unaware of how busy the justice system is because of her. She stays in her old room at her parents house and doesn’t know what to do with herself. Without Mike’s routine, or a leader figure in her life, she’s very much without purpose and feels very lonely in her freedom. Lucky for her, her father is so happy to have his daughter back he took all of his vacation days and called in every favor he could to spend as much time with her as possible.

He proves to be an excellent friend and guide.

Her mother a bit less so. She clearly has trouble fitting her lost daughter back into her life. She’s not really there for Ella emotionally but the two cook together and Ella helps with things like the laundry and grocery shopping.

Some of her friends had shown up, but really it was an awkward waste of time. She tried to rekindle her friendships, but all they really wanted to talk about was hearing what shitty things she had to do for Mike. One even suggested she write a book about it.

She has no interest in such nonsense for now. She wants a real friend. Not sensation-seeking idiots.

A week after getting home Ella already can’t stand the complexities of life. There are too many people to talk to. Too many decisions to make. Every time she’s out and about she finds all the noise and movement around her tiring.

She misses the quiet of Mike’s home and the simple life he gave her. Her simple household duties and the pleasures he demanded in return.

Yes, she begrudgingly admits to herself, she misses having sex, a lot.

When Ella had disappeared her parents had eventually cleared out her house but kept most of her personal stuff. It takes up a good chunk of the attic and among these items is her computer. Frank had it fixed up so Ella can use it again.

Her parents, and especially her father, are a big help. Her dad is a practical and smart man and soon figures out that if talking is too difficult she should write it in an email or via a messenger app. He had soon figured out that the assigned psychologist wasn't working out for them, so he came up with this system instead.

It's a smart idea, and she has been writing many messages to her parents through messenger. Questions about life, the world. Why she was taken. If she’ll ever be normal. Why nobody came to rescue her. Why she’s not smarter. If she can ever find love now that she’s all screwed up. And dozens more thoughts and worries.

Her parents don’t quite have an answer for a lot of it. Frank discusses a lot of it with the psychologist to provide answers. And they’re always supportive.

Ella also took a liking to being online like never before and when she's not looking out of her window or reading books, she’s on YouTube and Reddit. She browses the sites all day and soon also discovers Pornhub. While trying to find an out for her horny loneliness she watches porn and masturbates deep into many a night.

The Bloom family has become quite famous. Every news outlet in the country wants an interview. Her psychologist and the police advise against it, but not thinking things through she has done a few anyway. Ella quickly gets frustrated at answering the same stupid questions.

But nothing could prepare her for being on TV doing an interview on one of those evening talk shows. All the commotion about her misery and things she can and can’t talk about.

Her host Jonathan asked some OK questions and genuinely seemed to care about her. He took Ella very seriously and tried to lighten the mood with smart conversation about other things as well. She met a few other celebrities which was OK. But really she regretted agreeing to the whole thing.

While on the show she had complained about too many things according to the studio. And she wasn’t upbeat and energetic enough and more of such things.

Most notably Ella had said that she wants a simpler life, without people bothering her all day. A thing Jonathan could understand and used for some smart follow up conversation. But the studio producer almost reprimanded her for it as such comments don’t align with the message the studio wants to carry.

She has had enough of the public after going through that. If she can't tell her story her way, she won't tell it at all.

“Hey Ella?” Her dad knocks on her door. But there is no answer. After another knock he tries the door but it’s locked.

Ella is busy with herself. She’s horny as hell and lies face down in bed, just as Mike often wanted from her. She’s humping her pillow while moaning into the mattress. Her humping doesn’t really do it for her so she switches to fingering herself.

She vigorously fingers herself while painfully squeezing her right breast with her other hand. “Ohmmm” She stifles her moaning. Moments later she spasms and orgasms violently, kicking at her bedsheets and dropping flat on her stomach.

“Fucking hell… This sucks!” She curses when she catches her breath.

It’s been several months since she had real sex and her many masturbation sessions are simply not working for her. She wants, no, needs a man or a dildo inside her. As soon as possible.

After cleaning herself up she goes on Amazon to find a solution to her sexual frustrations.

After a minute of staring at dozens of fake penises she can’t choose and just picks a random dildo that looks realistic and is skin colored with a pair of big lumpy balls at the base. Seeing it’s called ‘Big Mike XL’ She immediately hates it and replaces it with a colorful fantasy dildo. It claims to accurately replicate a dragon’s member.

Staring at the monstrosity she again changes her mind and looks for something more sensible. Finally settling on a black dildo. It’s not at all realistic looking but it’s not named after Mike or in any way resembles Mike. It also doesn’t have weird bits or lumps.

She places her order and tries to sleep.

2 days later her mother receives the package. Not paying too much attention to the label on it she opens the box and looks startled at the massive dick in a plastic wrapper.

“Frank! Frank!” She calls her husband over.

“Yes dear. What is it?” He rushes into the kitchen.

“What did she order now? What is this?” Her mom angrily demands to know.

“Whoa, ehh, Well… At least it’s not more clothes…” he smirks. “I’ll handle it. I’ll talk to her.”

He won’t. Not really anyway. Ella can do whatever she wants as far as he is concerned.

In their shed he tapes the box shut and delivers it to Ella. “Package for you…” he announces.

“Thanks dad!” Ella grabs the box.

“Use it wisely. All these things you buy… There’s nothing wrong with being a minimalist,” he winks at her, and closes the door.

Ella frowns for a moment, but then rips open the box and unpacks her new plaything.

“Whoa. Too big…” She gasps, feeling the weight of the large dildo. She didn’t pay attention to the size at all when ordering it. The thing is about 5 centimeters in diameter near the tip. Then slims down a little halfway down and gets thicker again towards the bottom. It’s almost 25 centimeters long. Even though it’s not a fantasy dildo, it resembles something with scales. Vaguely hinting at snakeskin. A large suction cup is at the bottom end.

It stinks of cheap rubber or whatever it’s made of, but she doesn’t care. Moments later she’s naked and squatting down trying to fit the dildo.

With the tip inside, she wiggles around enjoying the stretched sensation. “Mmmm… biiiiig,” she gasps.

Leaning back standing on her hands and feet she lets her weight push her down over the dildo. She’s so wet it slips in with relative ease. And after a slow descent she sits on the floor with the dildo fully inserted.

It hurts a little deep inside her where it presses against her cervix or something, but otherwise it’s a satisfying full feeling.

Her father wants to go for a walk and knocks on the door to invite her. Ella quickly grasps for her shirt and is is just about to put it on when he peeks inside

Ella is barely covered up and looks flustered at him.

“Dad! Go away!” Ella yells. “Wait for me to answer!”

“Oh, shit. Sorry…” She hears him apologize. He pulls the door closed. “Let me know when you’re available, ok?”

“Yes! Not now! Leave me alone!” Ella shouts.

‘Creep!’ she thinks. And reaches under her butt so she can hold the dildo in place while she scoots to the door to lock it.

The dildo moves inside of her and she lets out an involuntary moan and leans against the door for a moment.

A minute later she’s on her bed, face down again so she can scream into her pillow and fantasizes Mike takes her from behind. She pumps the dildo in and out of her at high speed. And in no time she bucks her hips and orgasms with a long loud moan. “Fuck fuck fucking fuuuuuck!”

‘Ohmygod omigod ohgod, that’s good!’ Her mind goes in overdrive. She wants more. Much more.

Ella stays in her room the rest of the day and fucks herself silly multiple times.

At first she had fantasized that Mike had re-captured her, demanding new sex positions. But as the afternoon progresses her thoughts get more carnal and she forgets all about stupid Mike.

For round 2 she rides the dildo bouncing on the floor until she orgasms hard. Shuddering and quietly moaning she lies on her back catching her breath.

Ella loves riding dick.

Breathing heavily she stares out of the window. 20 minutes later she’s ready for round 3 and fucks herself doggystyle with the thing stuck to her bed frame. She soon orgasms again and drops to the floor, resting her head on the carpet with her dripping vagina up in the air.

After a couple of minutes she pushes against the dildo but the angle is wrong and it falls to the floor. She lets herself drop sideways to the floor as well and breathing heavily.

Almost an hour later she wakes with a shock and has the urge to ride the dildo again, but this time while sitting backwards on her chair. She desperately holds on to the back of the chair as she bounces away, arching her back and looking up straight at the ceiling until she groans and cums so hard she almost falls off backwards.

Her mom was just on her way to get Ella for dinner but she’s scared away from even knocking on her door when she hears the loud throaty moan her daughter makes when another great orgasm turns her mind to mush.

Her parents listen in the hallway for a few seconds and decide to leave her alone and feel awkward knowing full well what their daughter is doing while trying hard to ignore the occasional noises coming from upstairs during the evening.

Ella goes at it until she can barely move anymore from sheer exhaustion. Around midnight she ends up in bed wearing panties to try and hold the dildo inside her.

She’s intent on sleeping like that. Gently pushing on the dildo she thinks it’s the best thing she bought in forever, and she hasn’t felt this alive in years. During the night the dildo slips out and Ella sleeps blissfully through the morning and finally wakes up around lunchtime.

Staring into her room for a moment she realizes the mess she made the night before. Her wetness had dripped on the floor wherever she has done the deed. Her chair has a big wet circle on it, the carpet on the floor is stained and the air is stuffy and reeks of cheap silicone and sex.

“URGH!” Ella groans as she stretches without a care in the world, she’s super relaxed and nothing matters to her at the moment.

After a while she opens her window and sits naked cross legged on her bed looking outside. The fresh air coming in is nice. Ella wonders if any man would make love to her like she did herself last night.

She sure hopes so.

She is filled with purpose for the first time since coming home, and Ella decides that she’s going to find someone to fall in love with.

That afternoon a big box of mail from the TV studio is delivered. It contains many letters and emails that had shown up from people who watched her talk show episode. Ella and her mother spend the next week going through it all.

Most letters are kind encouragements to wish her well, some are utter nonsense, sexist or creepy.

But one letter from a man named Colin Spencer stands out to her.

Ella reads his kind words over and over and can’t stop thinking about him. Colin is super interesting the way he describes himself.

Her parents are not at all optimistic about this development and think it’s just a clever trick to lure Ella into something bad again.

She doesn’t listen to their concerns. She craves someone who ‘gets’ her. Someone to give her purpose and be her friend, to lean into on lonely evenings. Someone other than her parents, that is.

She believes he might be something special and Ella insists on contacting Colin and see what he’s about.

Maybe one day she’ll find out.

~ End ~
