---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Two Tied
authors:
- Jenny Bonici
tags:
- MF+
- club
- theme
- MF/ff
- naked
- bond
- rope
- frottage
- kiss
- gag
- susp
- bdsm
- tawse
- whip
- climax
- denial
- cons
- X
date: 2005-09-20 00:00:00
---

*I’ve written before about the small bondage group that Don and I
joined. Although it did not have the organization or range of equipment
of the larger professional clubs – nor did it run to a DJ to keep the place
rocking – but it did have far more of a personal touch. Today
I’ll tell you about one evening when that touch got very personal.*

We had decided that this week we would have a Couples Night. The idea
was that each couple was going to have the pleasure of tying up one of
the other pairs and that each couple had a turn at both tying the knots
and being tied up. Each pair’s session was to last 45 minutes.

As fourteen people had rolled up that meant we had seven couples.
We drew lots for who the pairs were going to be. My name was about
fifth out of the hat and I was paired with the auburn-haired Lynn.
Then lots were drawn to decide who was to do the tying and who their victims
were going to be. Lynn and I were to be the first pair to be tied up and
Bill and Esme were going to do the tying. As we were second last
at being the ones doing the tying, it meant our turn would not come until
the early hours of the morning.

“Come on, let’s get our gear off and get started,” Lynn said as she
unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground. Soon we were both
standing naked in the middle of the room. We were both about 5 foot
4 tall but Lynn was bigger than me – I weighed in at about 120lb and Lynn
at a little under 150.

“OK, front up,” ordered Esme as she pushed us together facing one another.
“Now give each other a big hug.” This was signal for Bill to start
binding my crossed wrists behind Lynn’s back.

Esme made sure that Lynn’s left arm was under my right arm and vice
versa before tying her wrists behind my back. Then she took another
length of rope, looped it round Lynn’s wrists and then took the two ends
over our shoulders before looping them round my wrists. She tugged
at the ends pulling our wrists up towards our shoulder blades before tying
off the rope.

I felt Lynn’s thigh slide between my legs and press up against my pussy.
“Ooh, I’m beginning to feel hot already,” she said. She was also
rubbing her ample tits against mine. Her nipples already felt rock
hard.

“Enough of that, this will stop you wriggling about,” said Bill as he
looped length of rope a couple of times around our waists. He had
to tug it extra tight in order to get enough spare rope to knot the ends.

Lynn was still rubbing her right thigh against my pussy when Bill tied
a rope around her leg just above her knee. Then he pushed the end
under the waist rope behind my back and pulled it tight before tying it
off. Then he pulled my right knee between Lynn’s thighs and gave
it the same treatment.

As we were now only standing rather unsteadily on our two left legs
Esme was worried that we were about to fall over. “Throw me that
long length of rope,” she called out to Bill. She dragged over a
table and climbed on it so she could reach an eyebolt in the ceiling.
She passed the rope through it before tying the ends to the ropes going
over our shoulders. “That should fix the problem,” she said as she
pushed the table back against the wall.

Lynn was now even hotter and she was still working her tits against
mine and her thigh against my pussy as much as our bonds would allow.
I found myself getting hot too and was soon doing the same to her.
It was not long before I found her lips pressed against mine, and her tongue
starting to probe inside my mouth.

“We can’t have you two enjoying yourselves too much, can we?”
With that Bill grabbed my hair, pulled my head back and stuffed a ball
gag between my teeth and buckled it behind my head. He did the same
to Lynn before stepping back to admire his handiwork.

“Not bad going. That only took 25 minutes, so we have another
20 minutes to enjoy their plight – and to make it even worse!” he added
with a wink towards Esme who now had an evil looking whip and a tawse in
her hands. She passed the tawse to Bill and said, “Do your
worse with that. You start, I’ll join in with the whip after you’ve warmed
their nice little buns.”

The first blows fell on Lynn’s well-padded bum. I felt her whole
body push against mine and her thigh rub my pussy with each stroke.
The others in the room were counting every stroke, “… 9, 10, 11, 12.”
Then there was a pause and now it was my turn. After twenty stinging
blows my cheeks must have been cherry red. But worse was to come
as Esme stepped up with her whip. Lynn and I found ourselves swinging
round on the ropes that suspended us from that eyebolt in the ceiling.
But no matter how much we tried to twist and turn the blows kept coming.
Soon everybody else in the room was joining in the fun. Lynn must
have found all this a real turn on for it was not long before she started
to make moaning noises past her gag, then I felt her stomach muscles start
the flex and her whole body shudder as she came. Her body was glistening
with sweat and my thigh was wet with her juices.

At long last I heard someone call out, “Time folks, the 45 minutes is
up.” I was glad that the whipping was over but somehow I was sorry
that, although aroused, I hadn’t managed to come like Lynn had.

The rope marks would disappear in a couple of hours but the weals across
my bum would stay around for days.

Lynn and I had about 2½ hours to unwind and plan what we were
going to do to the couple we were going to tie up – but that’s another
story.
