---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Time for a Change
authors:
- Lucifer in Latex
tags:
- F
- latex
- costumes
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-18 00:00:00
---

**Part 1**

Oh, how
she regretted the night she ever went to the Club. Her life now was certainly a
change to what it had been before. It was not one she would probably have chosen
again given her time over, but then again she might, she mused as another orgasm
wracked her pinioned body.

Laura’s
story began almost a year ago to the day. It had all began with dare, her little
clique of friends had all challenged one another as to who could wear the most
outrageous costume to the local young farmers club’s annual fancy dress party
night. Laura was a bit of loaner; her group of friends had tolerated her since
their school days, now all in the mid twenties, Laura would always be the one
who always had to win at any cost. Since Laura’s parents had been killed in a
horrific car crash some years back and she had been left a substantial
inheritance, her resources for competing with the others in the group were
almost boundless.

It came
as no surprise to the others then when she turned up to the party as what could
only be described as part human, part insect, sex goddess.

The
others had tried hard but their efforts had only yielded the run of the mill
outrageous costumes that most “Normal” people can run to. There was Tina the
French maid, a good effort, pert bottom encased in frilly white panties just
visible beneath her short black skirt, breasts almost spilling out of the
bodice, legs sheathed in sheer stockings and her feet in patent leather high
heel ankle boots. Next there was Jo, she was the feisty one of the group she had
come as a Warrior Princess, her long dark hair was platted and formed a
magnificent whip like addition to her tight leather corseted body and thigh high
boots. Next after Jo, was Kirsty. Kirsty had excelled herself, a bit of digging
on the net had brought forth a cornucopia of kinky costumes to choose from, a
Lycra catsuit had finally grabbed her attention, and it was literally a cat
suit, long sleek tail attached at the small of back an wired in lovely
serpentine S shape, the suit fitted like a second skin, even down to the cat
mask she wore complete with whiskers, the finishing touches were the inch and
half long fake nails she had applied and filed into claws, her knee boots were
shined to perfection, she had even gone to the pet store and bought herself a
collar, it was intended for a fancy dog to wear as it had diamante studs around
it, just for effect she even had the brass disc inscribed with her name. The
girls certainly drew a lot of attention from the crowd as they each arrived.

The
Friday night of the party came, they had been at the party for about an hour
when Laura arrived in her hired limo, the crowded party hall literally ground to
a stand still as she made her entrance. If you could have read minds of all
those present, you’d have found all the men thinking the same thing, and as
for the women even some of them were thinking the same, “I want her!”

Her
costume had taken her sometime to create and get used wearing it. She had got it
specially made for her at one of London’s best fetish boutiques. She had got
the inspiration whilst watching a nature program on TV. The programme had been
about Bees, she wanted to be the Queen and have all the males drone around her.
She felt Bees were too cute; she wanted to be a Wasp much more cruel and hard.
Her costume was made of latex, something for which she had a secret passion;
everything was covered by a tight, yet thin layer of glossy black latex, head,
hands and feet. Laura had gone to great expense to get it just they way she
wanted it, even the zips were well hidden away, the zips she chose were a
similar design to the seals found on certain Ziploc bags, totally waterproof.
The legs of the suit ended in built-in ballet boots that she had spent some time
learning to walk in, she even managed to develop graceful gliding step over
time. Her sex was plainly visible beneath the latex. Her waist was tightly
constricted in black and yellow striped thick rubber corset, her ample bosoms
heaving over top of the built-in half cups. Her nipples standing proud and erect
beneath their latex covering, an effect brought on by their gentle rubbing with
each constricted breath she took.

Over the
top of the corset she wore a strap harness, this she had designed so she could
wield a nasty looking stinger just like a real wasp, the harness ran down
between her legs, attached to the straps, at the point a little ways above where
the legs blend into the buttocks, was a needle sharp black metal spike, the last
2 inches of the 18 inch long spike were bright chromed steel, the spike would
prevent her from sitting but she could always perch on the edge of the bar
stools. Further up the back of the harness between her shoulder blades were her
wings; each wing was about 3 foot square and made out of highly reflective
Mylar.

Laura
had spent a long time, trying to get the head right, she finally settled on
having her long white blond hair passed out through a hole at the crown of the
hood, she even had a little gold plastic crown made so her hair could pass
through it and to emphasize the fact that she was a Queen after all. Laura
wasn’t satisfied with the hood having the standard eye and mouth holes, so she
had commissioned a specially created gasmask; this one had had the plain glass
eye ports replaced with segmented lenses, these were dome just like a real
insects eyes, getting used to the multiple small images they produced took some
doing. The drinking tube was lengthened and enlarged, she even manage to get it
to made to automatically coil up when not in use, the mask maker could always
buy another tape measure. She didn’t plan on wearing the mask all night; it
was mainly for her entrance.

Her
friends knew they were beaten as soon as she stepped out of the limo, they could
only guess at the cost of her costume, they were guessing at several thousand
pounds at least. By the end of this night it would cost her a lot more. They
congratulated her on her magnificent costume, she just buzzed in reply, as the
mask prevented her from speaking properly. Laura had found earlier she could
make the breathing ports make a buzzing noise if she got her breathing just
right.

The
friends took to the dance floor; pirates, policemen, superheroes and strange
beasts soon surrounded them. The rest of the girls at the party gave Laura’s
clique a wide berth, they were perhaps a little jealous at all the attention the
girls were getting from their boyfriends, husbands and the other men present at
the party. Laura found if she didn’t like someone dancing with her she could
make them go away be accidentally sticking them with her stinger.

Laura
decided to keep her mask on, as she was having so much fun, every once in a
while she would unroll her drinking tube and take a drink from the free fruit
punch drink on offer. She decided to give the buffet a miss, as taking the mask
off would ruin her fun, after several alcoholic drinks she was getting very
“merry” her friends were telling her to stop before she did something she
might regret later. At this point Laura decided it would be very funny to play
the real wasp and try to keep people away from the food and drink. She did this
by shaking her stinger at them and buzzing loudly.

I was
getting late, and Laura was beginning to get tired, her group of friends had all
found partners and were busy with them, the alcohol and the faceted lens were
starting to make her head spin, it a dark corner of the hall was net that had
been used earlier in the night to hold a lot of balloons, she had tried perching
on stools several times to give her legs a rest but she kept falling off now,
the net gave her an idea. She could wrap herself up in it and that would support
her while she took a breather, she wrapped her legs, arms and stinger in the net
and began to relax. Before long she fell asleep, she didn’t know how long she
was asleep for, but when she awoke the hall was in darkness and everyone had
gone home. She tried to get out of the net, but she must have wriggled in her
sleep as she was now stuck, just like a fly in a spider’s web. She couldn’t
even untangle her gloved hands; the multiple images were making it difficult in
the dark. She couldn’t remove her mask to call for help; all she could do was
buzz angrily at herself. All she could do now was wait for morning and the owner
of the hall to come free her, or perhaps one of her friends would miss her and
come looking.

**Part 2**

Well
Laura thought “I’ve been stuck here for hours, that’ll teach me to have
bright ideas!”, ever since she had decided to take a rest by wrapping herself
up in the balloon netting and getting stuck, she had been wondering when she
would be freed. All of sudden the lights came on; at last she thought “The
clean up crew are here, they’ll get me out of this mess.

She
heard footsteps approach her and then stop; she could swear she could hear
muffled laughter. The main lights in the hall were very bright and dazzled her
after long period of being in darkness. She could not quite yet see who her
saviour was. “My, my having trouble are you!” a deep male voice boomed
nearby.

Laura
tried to talk back, but the gasmask was still having its gagging effect and all
her would be rescuer head was “Buzz, Buzz, Buzzz!” as the air inlet valve
vibrated with her agitated words. Laura started to wriggle about in the net; all
this did was get her more entangled.

“Calm
down and stop wriggling, you only making it worse!” the voice commanded.

Laura
recognised the voice as belonging to Thomas the owner of the local stud farm and
chairman of the entertainments committee, she secretly fancied him a little. She
calmed down, as she felt his powerful hands start to untangle her, more than once
she was sure that the hands lingered longer than needed on her latex covered
body.

Once
more she was stood on her own feet; the ballet boots were hurting now her weight
was back on feet. She reached up and began to unbuckle the gasmask, once it was
loosened she pushed it up and off her head, it fell to the floor. Laura started
to blink and tried to get her vision back straight, so long had she been wearing
that mask she had adapted to the lens multiple images. At the same time she
started work he jaw muscles, so she could thank Tom properly.

Tom bent
down and retrieved the gas mask from the floor; he offered it to her, saying
“That’s a fine mask, bet that cost a bit to get done.”

Laura smirked and
replied, “A little, thanks for getting me untangled. I thought I was going to
be there all weekend! Oh hell, what’s the time Tom?”

Tom looked at his
watch, “Its just coming up to 7:30. Your lucky the clean up crew aren’t due
until this afternoon, only came in to get some stuff I left behind last
night.” he said.

“Help
me off with this harness, my feet are killing me, I need to sit down! I can’t
do it with this spike sticking out of my butt!” Laura begged.

Tom
undid the straps, and with a shimmy from Laura, her wings and stinger came off.
Tom pulled up a stool and Laura sat down and sighed.

“You
don’t know how good that feels, Tom!” Laura said happily.

“If
that sigh was anything to go by, not much could be better except perhaps cumming!”
Tom said jokingly.

Laura
shot him a stare and nodded. “This rubber gear has got me so horny!” she
said it a husky voice.

“Me
too!” replied Tom, his cock had been hard since he had touched her rubber-clad
body whilst untangling her.

At this
point Laura noticed that Tom appeared to still have his costume on, under his
coat. She could see he was wearing red boots and blue tights.

She
tried to remember what costume Tom had worn to the party last night, “red and
blue, red and blue”, she thought.

“You
were the Spiderman”, she laughed as she finally remembered, “come to collect
your catch of flies have you!”

“Yes”,
he laughed back, “I’ve come to wrap you in spider silk and take you back to
my larder”. With that he pulled out a can of silly string from his coat pocket
and sprayed her with it.

They
both burst out laughing. “Take me, I’m yours!” Laura said as she stood and
hugged him close.

“Whoa,
there!” Tom replied, “What do you mean?”.

“Take
me, use me, I’m yours! I’ve wanted this for so long.”, Laura confessed.

“Why
didn’t you say sooner, I’ve had the same feelings, but I thought you
weren’t interested in me!” Tom said softly into her ear.

“Lets
go back to the manor and have some fun?” he said.

“Yes,
lets!” she gushed, planting a deep passionate kiss on him.

They
picked up, their gear and headed for the doors, hand in hand.

· · ·
