---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jasminebecomesaslave2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Jasmine becomes a Slave 2: Learning about Racheal'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- captive
- enslave
- cell
- bond
- chair
- straps
- collar
- hum
- bdsm
- irritant
- pain
- torment
- tattoo
- piercing
- permanent
- toys
- insert
- mast
- rim
- oral
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Jasmine becomes a Slave**](jasminebecomesaslave.html))

All characters are fictional and any resemblance to living people is just a coincidence as is the football game fictional.
Part Two
**Chapter 3: Learning about Racheal**
( some parts are slow but background is needed)

After a 20 minute drive, the van passed through an electronic gate and then drove up the long driveway and stopped in front of a huge mansion. "We are home now slave," Racheal told jasmine. As Jasmine looked at the house she could not believe how rich Racheal was and what horrors were in store for her in there. Dragging jasmine by the leash Racheal entered the house and went directly to the elevator and down to the basement. When the doors opened, jasmine realized just how bad her position was when she saw the best equipped dungeon she had ever seen.

Jasmine was dragged to a wooden straight back chair and forced onto it and with leather restraints Racheal secured her ankles, knees, waist, above and below her breasts and arms to the chair making Jasmine helpless. "Look around slave, at some point you will experience everything here". Racheal removed the ball gag from jasmine’s mouth and helped her drink some water by holding the glass.

"Before we start I am going to tell you about me so you have an understanding as to what I know and will expect. I am 30 years old and until 2 weeks ago, I had a 24/7 slave living with me, but she had to leave to care for her sick mother. I grew up with two older brothers that always played cowboys and Indians and I was always the Indian maiden they captured and tied up. I really got to enjoy bondage and later explored the internet to learn all I could about B&D. I went to Florida State, and majored in business management and got a Masters Degree. During my stay there I learned of several B&D clubs and visited one near the college. While at one of the clubs, I meet an older man, who was with his wife, who was in heavy bondage. I could not stop staring so he asked what I was interested in. I told him bondage and some discipline".

"After talking for a few hours he offered me to stay in their home and then trained me to become their slave while attending classes. He said at all times in his home I would be in some form of bondage, but still would be able to study as I learned about the lifestyle. For the next 2 years while with them I was used as a slave to clean, cook, and of course as a toy in their dungeon. Master was very fair and realized that besides being submissive, I had qualities that would make me a good Domme. So he also trained me on how to treat a slave and how to use the things in the dungeon on his wife who became my lover and slave also".

"Upon graduating I left their home to work for a large firm. The biggest break in my life was when I won a 365 million dollar powerball lottery. This allowed me to quit my job and explore the world of B&D fully. I formed a corporation with my brothers, who now run it and while they are vanilla they know I am a Dominatrix. With their help I have increased my wealth".

"My dear friend and mentor, told me of this home that was owned by a friend of his that died and his family was shocked at what they found here as he had been into B&D deeply. I made them a very reasonable offer for the house with everything here including all the B&D equipment and items. Down here besides the main room are several padded cells for slaves".

"I know what a slave thinks and also what makes you tick as I have experienced it totally and once a year I submit to my master for a week to remember what I was. And just for your information, I am very aggressive and very completive. I belong to a fantasy football league with my brothers and other friends and the cost is high and I hate to lose, which is why I know about football and listen to fantasy radio stations to get an edge, I also have Aaron Rodgers as my team quarterback, so I know how good he is and on the radio, on the way to Shelia’s, I heard about the suspensions. Now understand it was you that insulted me and pushed the bet, so I just used my knowledge to win you and knowing one week would not have been enough time to teach you a lesson, I pushed for the month. And from how wet you got in the club, I think you are a closet slave".

"You bitch" jasmine shouted, "you set me up, so just let me go and we can be even".

Racheal laughed and grabbed jasmine's chin and told her, "slave you WILL address me as MISTRESS at all times or suffer beyond you wildest ideas. Understand you will earn a minute in hell for all future failures. Now I am placing you in a cell for the night as your training starts in the morning".

Jasmine spit at her and said, "Do your best bitch, I will never submit".

"We shall see slave and you earned yourself two minutes of hell", as she pushed jasmine into a padded cell and locked the door leaving her in the dark.

Chapter 4: Slavery Starts

As jasmine fell on her back in the padded cell a light in the ceiling came on. She saw a 6’x9’ cell with padded walls and a cot bolted to one wall. In the corner she saw a toilet and sink and water fountain. From what she had just learned about Racheal, jasmine knew Racheal was not only an experienced Domme, but also well educated in B&D and this scared her beyond belief.

Suddenly a voice came through a speaker, "slave you can pee and use the bidet even with the dildo that is in you and you can drink from the fountain using the foot peddles since you can’t use your hands. Sleep tight tomorrow starts your new life". Jasmine realized she made a fatal mistake challenging Racheal without finding more information on her. She had under estimated Racheal and now was going to pay for it.

She peed and then drank some water to remove the taste of the gag. Lying down on her belly on the cot she felt the dildo move in her and then started to hump the mattress until she had an intense orgasm. After recovering she took stock of the last few hours and wondered why she came so quickly with such intensity. Was her body responding to the bondage? Was she going to obey or was she going to fight the slavery? She hadn’t made up her mind as she fell asleep. Racheal watched jasmine on closed circuit TV and just smiled when she saw jasmine orgasm, and was looking forward to continuing her slave training in the morning.

The door of her cell opened and jasmine saw Racheal, who was wearing a black leather bikini and 6" heeled boots, and a whip coiled in her belt. "Get up slave time to feed you before the training".

"Please can you undo the strap on the straight jacket so I can poop?" said jasmine.

"Another minute added stupid slave. Learn that you MUST address me as your Mistress first".

"Please Mistress can you undo the strap on the straight jacket so I can poop."

Racheal smiled at the response and pulled jasmine to her feet and undid the crotch strap. The wet dildo dropped out of jasmine’s wet cunt as she ran to the toilet to poop. When done she use the bidet to clean her ass.

Racheal picked up the dildo, "Clean it slave with your mouth".

Jasmine looked at the dildo and then Racheal and said, "No fucking way".

Racheal removed the whip from her belt and struck jasmine between her legs with the tip hitting her clit. Jasmine fell to the floor writhing in pain from the whip. "Now slave clean the dildo with your mouth".

As she lie on the floor in pain jasmine decided that to avoid more punishment she had to be very careful so she crawled over to her and started sucking the dildo clean. "Good slave you are learning, but that outburst earned you another minute".

From a cart Racheal took out a dog bowl of food and put it on the floor. "Breakfast slave - eat up".

Jasmine was hungry and also realized if she didn’t eat her ass would be whipped and not wanting that she crawled to the bowl and ate the food, which was actually tasty. She was informed it was a version of food used to feed astronauts so you will get plenty of nourishment.

Racheal attached a leash to jasmine’s collar and walked her out into the dungeon’s shower section. "Understand one false move and the collar will shock you and you will earn more minutes".

Jasmine had not figured out the minutes thing, but assumed it was part of a major punishment. Racheal removed the straightjacket from jasmine and told her to clean up. Jasmine enjoyed the hot shower stretching to get the kinks out of her body and washing her hair, but as she washed her cunt she realized just have sensitive it was now that it was hairless. When she was done Racheal tossed her a towel and she quickly dried her body.

Attaching the leash to the collar Racheal pulled jasmine out to a large bondage table and pushed her on it. "On you back slave," as Racheal smacked jasmine’s ass with a riding crop. Jasmine yelped and quickly turned over and lied down on her back to avoid further pain. Racheal spread her legs apart and cuffed them to the table’s corner. Then grabbed her wrists and cuffed then to the other end of the table stretching her to her limits.

"Now slave every morning the minutes you earn for disobeying the rules the previous day, will be paid back. If you earn any minutes a base of 5 minutes is added, with an extra 5 for every 5 you earn. Since you earned 4 yesterday you will suffer "hell" for 9 minutes."

Racheal picked up a bottle from the table and told jasmine this is "hell" and the contents consisted of extreme hot pepper juice mixed with extra strength itching powder, hot sauce and icyhot. Jasmine’s eyes went wide with fear as to where this was to be placed and what pain it would cause. She was told, "For now one drop on each nipple and one drop on your clit, so slave it would behoove you to learn fast".

Racheal gagged jasmine so she wouldn’t have to hear the screams and then place the 3 drops on jasmine’s most sensitive areas as describe. As jasmine looked up while totally helpless on the table she watched as the first drop hit her left nipple. The pain from the drop on her nipple was unlike anything she had ever felt or could imagine. As the second drop quickly followed the first drop she screamed into the gag from the extreme pain and then struggled to avoid the next drop on her clit. As the drop hit her clit, it felt like it was burning through her cunt and prayed she would pass out to stop the pain flowing from her most sensitive places. After the 9 minutes Racheal used an ointment on the areas which stopped the pain. Jasmine body continued to shake from the pain and in her mind she realized she needed to do whatever was needed or this hell would never stop.

Racheal released her from the table and dragged her to a steel framed chair and strapped her in it so jasmine could not move any part of her body. Racheal pulled a lever and jasmine’s legs were spread as wide apart as possible. "Now slave, you are going to be here for the next month so to make sure your life is not screwed up, sign this card so your mail comes here. I will not open anything unless you see it. Also later you will call your employer and explain you need a family leave".

Jasmine told her she was self employed so that is not a problem.

"Does you house have a security system and if so give me the code, as I am going there to get some of your clothing and toys as I decide".

"No fucking way bitch am I letting you in my home".

Racheal smiled and just said, "That is 2 minutes earned, one for cursing at me and one for failure to call me Mistress".

"It will be a cold day in hell before I do that!" replied jasmine.

"That is another 2 minutes added".

Jasmine now understood what was happening and realized what action was best to save her body from that serious pain. "I am sorry Mistress, the code is 38-23-36 my measurements".

Racheal laughed and said, "Was that so hard slave".

Getting a round ball with what appeared to be two tails from the bench Racheal walked over to jasmine and said, "While I am out I think you need something to remind you I control you and your body".

Carefully inserting the ball with longer tail first into jasmine’s cunt (which to her surprise was dripping wet), jas realized the long tail hit her "G" spot and the short one pressed against her clit. Several belts held the device inside her. Using a remote Racheal turned on the very strong vibrator. Jasmine felt her body respond to the vibrator and moaned loudly.

"Don’t worry slave, those batteries should wear out in about 2-3 hours", as Racheal left the dungeon and the door locked behind her.

In the dark jasmine tried to take control of her body, but it was responding to the vibrator that was affecting the pleasure zones in her cunt and she quickly had an enormous orgasm, only to find her body continuing to respond. jasmine wondered why her body was reacting to the pain and pleasure like a slave would. But after several hours and quite a few strong orgasms, her cunt started to hurt from cumming so many times, but even so she fought to stop her body from enjoying the pain and pleasure without any success.

Chapter 5: The training gets serious

After what felt like many hours and after having more orgasms, the door opened and Racheal walked in. First thing she noticed was the huge puddle of cunt juice under jasmine. "So slave I see you had fun, but now let’s get you cleaned up before I get serious in your training".

Released from the steel chair, jasmine was shoved to the shower to get cleaned up. Again as she washed her hair and body allowing the warm water to pour over her body, she wondered why she was getting excited when she should be fighting the feelings. Once dried, she saw a bowl of food and water on the floor and was told to eat. Jasmine hesitated for a minute, but knowing the results of disobeying she got down on her hands and knees and ate all the food and drank some water. Racheal attached a leash to her collar and pulled her back to the steel chair and strapped her onto it again with her legs spread wide apart making sure that she could not move a muscle. "We will have two visitors in a few minutes to have fun with you. The first will place a tattoo on you and the second will pierce you".

Jasmine’s eyes went wide with fear and she screamed, "No way, that was not agreed to bitch".

Laughing Racheal told her she should have read the contract she signed and it allows anything but dismemberment and death and also you earned another 2 minutes for calling me a bitch and not Mistress. Racheal left and returned with small man wearing glasses and carrying a large bag.

"Lovely slave you have, Racheal, what and where do you want the tattoos".

"Tony, on her belly above her hairless cunt, I want a picture of a coiled whip and inside the coil it should say Racheal’s slave, the whip in black ink the rest in pink. And when you are done you can fuck the slut’.

"That’s fine, I won’t pass that offer up, you might want to gag her unless you like to hear her scream as that area is very sensitive and this will be very painful".

Jasmine listening screamed, "Please don’t, I did not agree to what that bitch wants".

Tony told her, "Forget it, I am paid good money to do it and then I get to fuck you".

Racheal got a 6" dildo gag from a drawer, walked over and shoved it into jasmine’s cunt to get it covered in her juices and then pinching jasmine’s nose shoved it in her mouth when she opened it and strapped it tight around her head and whispered in her ear, "That was another minute".

It took Tony over two hours to finish the tattoo. Jasmine cried from the pain that flowed through her belly and cunt throughout the whole process. It had felt like a hundred bees were stinging her as Tony slowly placed the tattoo on her belly and she cried the whole time, while sucking her own juices from the dildo. Racheal was very pleased with how it looked, and told Tony to take his pleasure. Jasmine watched as Tony took off his pants and his cock sprang up.

As he inserted it into jasmine he also was surprised how wet the cunt was and told Racheal. "A natural pain slut if I ever saw one!" was her response. Jasmine could not believe how her body was betraying her by its reaction to the tattoo and the fucking as she came several times before Tony shot his load in her. When done Tony said, "Nice fuck slut. Understand I used a deep injection method so the tattoo is very hard to remove even with a laser, so enjoy it for the rest of your life".

After he left Racheal then told her, that her septum, nipples, clit hood, and labia were to be pierced. And a new technique would be used by inserting a plastic grommet in the hole which was coated with medication for quick healing and would allow the rings to move easily through the holes. Also the rings were a new high density plastic that was stronger than hardened steel and once glue together they were basically permanent, but you should be happy that the plastic won’t set off metal detectors.

"Mnnfgtght" screamed jasmine into the gag while shaking her head no as much as possible.

Racheal played with jasmine's nipples making the hard, and saying that "Pink rings would look nice here", and as she fingered her clit, "A green one here and blue in your labia. I think a brown ring in your septum, will blend in so nice with your skin color". Jasmine could not believe how Racheal was going to modify her lovely body and that fact the rings could not be removed so how she could ever have any slave respect her.

A young Asian male entered the dungeon and looked at jasmine saying, "Is this the slave you want pierced?"

She informed him that she was and how the slave was to be pierced. Jin started by numbing her nose and inserted the piercing tool. Jasmine heard the crunch as her septum was pierced and watched as the ring was inserted and the two halves seal together. Once done she felt the ring droop on her upper lip. Her nipples were pierced next and last her clit and labia. When offered the use of jasmine, he declined, saying he was happily married. Racheal paid him and he left. Before releasing jasmine from the chair, Racheal locked cuffs around each of her wrists and ankles. As she release jasmine’s hands Racheal locked the cuffs together behind her back. Pulling jasmine to a mirror, Racheal forced her to look at her now modified body. Staring at her tattoo and piercings jasmine was horrified by how body now looked.

Racheal took the leash and lead jasmine up the stairs to her bedroom. "I am sure slave that you have experience in pleasing a female, so do not disappoint me tonight or you will pay dearly for it tomorrow".

As Racheal removed all her clothing, jasmine stared at her beautiful body. Racheal laid down on her bed and told jasmine to give her a full body tongue bath and make sure every inch was cleaned or more minutes would be added. Starting with her feet jasmine sucked and cleaned Racheal’s body lingering around her pussy which she spent enjoying the taste. As Racheal told her she was doing a wonderful job, jasmine felt proud that she was pleasing her Mistress and then wondered why she thought of Racheal as her mistress. Turning over Racheal told jasmine to clean her asshole.

Jasmine hesitated for a minute and Racheal said, "That is another minute slave and you have disappointed me" and pressed the button on the remote that sent a shock through the collar around jasmine’s neck. After recovering from the shock Jasmine put her head down between the Racheal’s ass cheeks and started licking her asshole. "Get that tongue in ME "shouted Racheal and jasmine inserted her tongue into her ass.

"Get use to it slave as I will want a daily bath from your tongue".

Jasmine forced herself to clean Racheal’s ass and not vomit as she knew this would cause a major punishment. When done tongue bathing Racheal, jasmine was told her reward for the lovely bath was she was allowed to pleasure her Mistress’s cunt until she came. Jasmine put her tongue into Racheal’s pussy and slowly brought her to orgasm drinking all her tasty juices. Finally Racheal told her to kneel on the floor, and then her hands were cuffed behind her back and Racheal took jasmine back to the dungeon and to her cell and locked her in for the night.

As jasmine sat on the cot she tried to sort out her feelings and what was happening to her. In two days she had gone from being what she thought was a nasty Domme to a pierced tattooed slave. She had experienced extreme pain and also some of the most powerful orgasms she ever had. She had tasted the juices of one of the most beautiful, terrifying woman that she had ever seen. She could not in her mind understand how her body was betraying her, but she promised herself to fight these feelings. Upstairs in her bedroom Racheal was planning the next days training knowing that jasmine was responding to the pain and pleasure forced on her just as she had planned.

Chapter 6

As the light came on in the windowless cell, jasmine opened her eyes and saw Racheal standing there and tried to crawl to a corner. "Potty time slave". Jasmine went to the toilet and peed and pooped, still embarrassed to be performing these functions in front of someone. Once done, jasmine was dragged back to the steel chair and was secured as before totally helpless.

"Time for hell slave, I have you at 9 minutes with a new base of 10 so that is 19 minutes and since you went to a new base I am adding your asshole as a fourth place".

Upon hearing this jasmine fought to get free with no avail and tried to move her body to avoid the drops but the straps held her totally helpless and unable to move. Jasmine then felt a sharp prick in her left arm. "Just a little drug so you won’t pass out", she was told.

Getting the dildo gag from the previous day Racheal again inserted it into jasmine’s cunt and used it to almost bring her to a climax. Jasmine used her eyes to plead for a climax, but was denied as the dildo was removed from her pulsing cunt. Racheal then strapped the gag in jasmine’s mouth. Jasmine’s eyes went wide with fear as she saw and felt the drops land on each of her nipples, each causing the extreme pain again and then on her clit the pain was even worse because of the piercing.

And as a gloved finger covered with the solution entered her ass she screamed into the gag as the pain was more than anything she had ever felt and never thought was possible. Jasmine could not believe the degree of pain from the solution in her ass and prayed she would pass out only to remember the drug that would not let her. The pain flowed through her body, and she tried to block the pain out in her head even though she felt her body responding to the pain. She fought hard to stop her body, but the pain was so intense it blocked out all thoughts.

After the 19 minutes Racheal applied the neutralizing cream and jasmine relaxed, vowing to do what it took to avoid "hell" while trying to resist Racheal.



10.09.14

story continues in [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 3: Racheal's Bound Slaves**](jasminebecomesaslave3.html)

o0o
