---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mother_in_law2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Mother-in-laws revenge part 2
authors:
- Pete
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- fem
- reluct
- X
date: 2005-01-07 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Mother-in-laws revenge**](mother_in_law.html))

Mother-in-laws revenge part 2 by Pete
 
When Marlene had finished pleasuring her with my tongue she stood up
and fastened her gown. She looked down at me 'did you enjoy that?' she
asked.
 
'Yes, Mistress' I replied. She smiled and strode out of the room closing
the door behind her. I lay motionless for a moment the skirt she had dressed
me in had ridden up to my waist exposing my cock and balls and the suspenders
and stockings she had put on me. I rolled on to my stomach and brought
my ankles up to my wrists and began trying to free myself.
 
After several attempts I managed to loosen the knot and with in a few
minutes I had removed the rope from round my ankles. My legs were still
tied together above the knee. I tried to wriggle my wrists to create some
slack, but they were to tightly bound and were now beginning to hurt. I
could not loosen the rope around my knees as she had knotted it at the
front. After 20 minutes or so I gave up, I lay there on my stomach wondering
what she had planned for me? She couldn't possibly keep me tied up for
2 weeks, and as soon as she untied me that would be the end of her little
game. I awaited her return.
 
I could see the clock on the wall and after an hour had passed I heard
the door to the lounge opening. Marlene walked back in, she had dressed
now. She stood over me and placed her foot on my head digging the heel
of her stiletto in. 'What's my name?' she asked.
 
'Mistress' I replied.
 
'Get up slave' she ordered removing her foot from my head. I rolled
over on to my back and sat up. After a minute or so I managed to get to
my knees and then force myself upright. i nearly fell as i did so the ropes
around my wrists and knees were hurting now.
 
'Over here sit on the coffee table' Marlene ordered. I waddled over
to the coffee table and sat on it facing the sofa. Marlene undid the rope
around my knees. I was relieved at this.
 
'Spread your legs for me' Marlene said. I did as i was told. Marlene
pulled my left ankle out wide and tied it to the leg of the table and the
same with the right. She stood in front of me leaned towards me an undid
the blouse she had dressed me in earlier. She pulled it down over my shoulders
exposing the black lacey bra. Marlene rubbed my nipples through the material,
putting one hand down inside the cup or the bra to pinch it. 
 
'ow that hurts' I yelped.
 
She slapped me hard across the face. 'Ow that hurts what?' she asked.
 
'Ow that hurts Mistress' I said my left cheek stinging from the smack.
 
'You speak only when spoken to, is that understood?'
 
'Yes Mistress'
 
She sat on the sofa facing me, kicking off her shoes she rested them
on the table between my legs. As she did this i got a glimpse of her stocking
tops the short skirt she was wearing rode up as she slouched on the sofa.
 
'Thinking of escaping' she asked
 
'No Mistress'
 
'The truth please slave'
 
'Yes Mistress'
 
'Well you can forget all about that, your mine for the next 2 weeks'
 
'I don't care if you show the video to Andrea, you being her mother
I don't think she would have anything to do with you if she knows what's
been going on mistress'
 
'I thought you might say that' said Marlene. She got up and walked
over to the other side of the room. She was behind me now and I couldn't
see what she was doing.
 
'I'm going to have to gag you first' said Marlene as the ball of the
gag was pushed into my mouth. She buckled the strap behind my head. 'How's
that feel' she enquired. I tried to say it's very tight mistress, but all
that came out was a muffled mmmph.

She moved around in front of me and knelt down she had in her hand something
that looked like a single cuff off a pair of hand cuffs taking hold of
my cock and balls she fastened the device in place ratcheting it tight
behind my balls and cock satisfied with her work she stood up. 'my are
you in for a shock' she said. I mmmphed again in protest wondering what
on earth she was up to. She picked up a small black plastic fob she held
it in front of my face in the centre of the fob was a small red button.
'are you ready for this slave?' she laughed and pressed the button.

Wallop, it was like i had been kicked between the legs my body arched
forward with the pain as far as my bonds would allow. Tears were welling
in my eyes.
 
'would you like some more?' she asked.
 
'Mmmph oooh' I pleaded with her through the gag, shaking my head.
 
'So I take it your going to do ask I ask then?' Marlene asked.
 
'Mmph' I said nodding my head, the pain had now subsided to a dull
ache.
 
Marlene untied my arms and wrists. Keeping the ball gag on she made
me untie my ankles from the table. 'Take your skirt and blouse off' she
ordered 'and fold them neatly.'
 
She threw me a pair of knickers. 'Here put your knickers on' she barked.
I put the knickers on they were black c-thru nylon and were very tight.
I was ordered down the stairs into her basement. In the far corner there
was a mattress on the floor a metal frame was bolted to the floor all around
the mattress. I was told to lie on the mattress, I did so and was promptly
chained spread eagle to the frame. Marlene knelt down beside pulled my
knickers down and removed the electric cuff from around my balls. She left
my cock exposed and massaged it till it was erect.
 
'That's a nice big cock' she said letting go of it 'we can have some
fun with that later.'
 
'Now I have to go out for a while, we can have some fun when I get
back.' She stood over me and smiled.
 
'See you later' she laughed as she left 'don't go away.'
