---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bondage_barbie14.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bondage Barbie 14
authors:
- Anne Gray
tags:
- F/ff
- bond
- leather
- con
- X
---

(story continues from [**Bondage Barbie 13**](bondage_barbie13.html))_

_**Chapter 14 –
The Ultimate 69**_

_Since coming to live with me
Beth had become almost insatiable.  Whether
she was tormenting Dawn with increasingly stringent bondage positions and
outfits or was herself on the receiving end of my hobby, Beth kept coming back
for more.  Many days I would slow
her down by simply tying her hand and foot, forcing a large gag in her mouth and
leaving her to stew.  The problem
was that when I did release her she was so wound up and excited it sometimes
took hours to get her satisfied._

_Towards the end of our first
week at the chalet I decided that the answer was to let Dawn do some of the work
and, of course, she could not argue with my decision. 
Without saying anything to Beth about my idea we started on the helpless
girl.  Her upper torso was soon
encased in tight kid leather with the top of her breasts and nipples squeezing
through 2” holes in the bra cups and her arms locked between her shoulder
blades._

_A temporary gag and head harness
muffled her moans as we worked.  The
laces threaded through the base of the bra cups were pulled tight putting
further pressure on her breasts.  While
Beth held Dawn’s legs wide apart I checked the batteries in our largest butt
plug, dipped it in some lubricant and started to ease it in place. 
She struggled against the invasion but without the use of her arms Beth
was able to hold her easily as I put pressure on the plug and slowly twisted it
as it entered our captive.  When it
was fully buried I taped over the end to hold it in place for the time being._

_We worked her legs into a pair
of crotchless kid leather pants and by the time we finished lacing them down the
back from knee to ankle they were wrinkle free.  Thigh high ballet boots also required lacing up the length of
her legs and forced her feet to point straight down in an incredible arch. 
For the moment we tied her ankles together with cord then started on her
head._

_The harness came off and we
popped the ball gag out of her mouth replacing it with a large hard leather gag
that spread her jaws wide and had grooves top and bottom for her teeth. 
Plugs went in each ear then the heavy rubber cap over her hair. Tape over
her mouth and around her head a few times locked the gag in place and Beth
pushed in the hollow nostril inserts._

_The gleaming leather helmet had
openings for her eyes and under the nostrils so she could breathe. 
It laced down the back and then to the collar of the jacket. 
Leaving her leather covered form lying helplessly on the floor of the
living room I turned to Beth and she obediently co-operated as I started to
dress her in a matching costume._

_Once her arms were locked
between her shoulder blades it didn’t make much difference whether she was
obedient or not since resistance was not an option._

_Flat on her back on the floor
she spread her legs and bent her knees as I worked the butt plug up inside her
and taped it in place. With her legs encased in skin-tight leather pants and the
thigh boots snugly laced, I helped her into a chair so I could work on her head._

_Before long the earplugs were in
place, she was efficiently gagged and laced into a leather helmet. 
I buckled on a combination gag strap and head harness as tightly as it
would go and was rewarded with a muffled moan from Beth. 
Over the mouth area the gag strap had a metal flange sewn to it that
would come into play later._

_Pulling her to her feet she
tottered in the incredible heels as I led her over to a table which matched the
one at home.  Helping her up on it
to lay as flat on her back as her bound arms would allow, I fitted the heels of
the boots into the stirrups of the metal arms and strapped her legs to them at
the ankle and just below her knees._

_Adjusting the arms I got her
legs spread wide apart, bent at the knee, and locked in that position. 
A strap across her waist held her to the table and then I placed a low
leather covered wooden “bridge” on the table. 
It went across her body from just below her breasts to the top of her
hipbones and would keep the weight off her so she could breathe._

_Untying Dawn’s ankles I pulled
her to her feet and forced her over to stand beside the table.  A harness from the ceiling pulley took her weight and allowed
me to haul her up until her waist was just above to top of the bridge. 
I swung her around and when her head was facing towards Beth’s feet,
lowered her so her stomach was resting on the bridge. 
A wide strap across her back held her in place and I fitted each booted
foot into another set of stirrups on the legs of the table below Beth’s head._

_Straps at the ankle and around her
bent knees held her legs firmly against the sides of the table. 
Her vagina was now directly over and in front of Beth’s helmeted head._

_I hauled another flanged gag
strap and head harness brutally tight on Dawn and fitted a large vibrator dildo
into the flange.  Guiding the knob
of the toy to the entrance to Beth’s vagina, I pushed down on the back of
Dawn’s head and forced about half the length of it into the throbbing cavity._

_Temporary straps from the head
harness to the table kept Dawn from pulling out while I moved to the other end
of the table.  Beth’s eyes were
gleaming through the leather eyeholes as I fitted another dildo into the flange
on her gag.  I attached a strap from
a ring at the crown of Beth’s helmet to the ring at the point of Dawn’s
elbows and, as I pulled on it with one hand, the other guided the nose of the
battery driven toy into Dawn._

_When it was buried all the way
to the flange I buckled the strap and returned to Dawn’s head. 
Taking two medium strength 9” springs I hooked one from the ring at the
crown of Dawn’s helmet and stretched it to the ring at the end of her elbow
pouch.  The other stretched from the
helmet ring to the end of the table._

_I removed the temporary straps
holding her head in place and the tension of the springs started to work. 
As Dawn’s neck muscles relaxed the front spring pulled down and forced
the dildo deeper into Beth but that put more pressure on the other spring and
slowly the girl’s head was pulled back until the toy was halfway out again._

_Once the process had started the
hapless girl had no control over her head because the neck muscles tired very
rapidly.  With the setup to my
liking I hit the remote to start the buried vibrators and bent down to give
Beth’s leather covered forehead a kiss._

_For as long as the batteries
lasted and the springs continued to alternate their pressure, Beth would be
driven to come time after time.  An
occasional check to see if she was in need of a squirt of lubricant in her
vagina (she never was!) and my problem was solved for another few hours._

_[continues in
chapter fifteen](bondage_barbie15.html)

story continues in [**Bondage Barbie 15**](bondage_barbie15.html)

o0o
