---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My New Butt Plug
authors:
- Bob Salinas
tags:
- Sbm
- toys
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2005-04-12 00:00:00
---

A few days ago I was browsing at a local porn shop and I discovered
they had a neat collection of dildos and butt plugs- gee, what a surprise!
I picked up a flexible rubbery dildo, 7 inches long, and since it was in
the ‘cheap stuff’ bin, I bought it and took it home. I was in an experimenting
mood- okay, I was horny- and I discovered that, with a little bit of practice,
that I could deep-throat it! Once I got the hang of ‘inhaling’ it, I could
slide the whole length of the thing down my throat! This was a new thrill,
but I didn’t get too much of a sexual bang out of it. It’s just that I
got to experience the feeling of being submissive and forced to take a
cock all the way down- a real mental charge.

So a few days later, I was back at Goldie’s and my eye fell upon a
butt plug. Not your usual butt plug, though- this colossus had to be a
gag gift. Made of the usual pink rubber, it had the usual tapered shape
with a narrow neck over a flared base, but this absurdity was almost a
foot long, and about six inches across! I mean, only The Incredible Fifty
Foot Tall Woman could have taken this thing up her ass without damage.
I picked it up- it had to weigh five pounds! I couldn’t pass this up. Maybe
I wouldn’t be able to slam it up my ass like my favorites, but I knew I’d
find some use for it.

Just as an aside- I’m straight- well, at least I’m heterosexual, but
I’m obviously far from being ‘ordinary’. It’s just that I’ve found through
extensive self-pleasuring that, in addition to the usual complement of
masculine organs of pleasure, that I can derive incredible sensations from
several other areas. Almost all of my self-bondage situations involve nipple
clamps and/or breast bondage, and the episode I write about here describes
some new thrills I experienced through abuse of my tight little asshole!
Maybe you could call me bi-curious. I’ve never had any kind of sexual contact
with another man, but I will admit to wondering what it would feel like.
I mean, really, women clearly enjoy penetration, right?

Some time later, I did find a way to use my new Packer- combined with
self-bondage, of course. First, I retreated to my basement workshop/dungeon
and then got naked (how else?). I pulled out a saw horse- a four-foot length
of two-by-four on its side, with legs that held it about four feet off
the floor. In the middle of the crossbar, I fastened the over-large butt
plug. Under the saw horse, I stuffed a rolled-up half-inflated air mattress;
it was about two feet thick. Then I positioned a full-length mirror so
I would have an exquisitely-enforced view of my upcoming humiliation. (I
love to watch myself in my self-bondage situations- it allows me to be
voyeur as well as being the binder and bindee!)

I stepped up on the air mattress, which wiggled madly and made standing
upright difficult. I straddled the butt plug, which I had lubricated carefully
along with my asshole, and started the plug gently up into myself. Oohhh-
the feeling of the first penetration is simply exquisite!

Next, I hung a pair of clover clamps from a hook in the ceiling (they’re
everywhere, for some reason) using a sturdy cord which I cut carefully
to length. When I fastened these clamps to my nipples, they would have
just enough slack to enable me to stand upright, but just barely.

That was enough test fitting. I leaned forward and slid off the butt
plug, which was so outrageously fat that it could only penetrate an inch
or so before my asshole was stretched to its limit. I set up my trusty
ice-cubes-in-a-stocking mechanism which would keep from my grasp a metal
bar to which I had screwed the key to a favorite pair of handcuffs. When
enough of the ice melted, the stocking would slip through a ring on the
wall and let the key and its ‘handle’ swing over to me.

Next, I drilled a small hole down through the valve cap so the air leaked
out steadily, estimating it would take an hour or so for the mattress to
deflate completely.  Then I tied a couple of short pieces of rope
to the ends of the horse and buckled a heavy belt around my waist; in a
minute I’d use this to fasten myself to the saw horse, to make sure I couldn’t
just get up and walk away. Okay, it was time to bind myself securely!

Step 1- I tied one end of a heavy cord to a medium-sized pipe wrench,
tied a noose in the other end, and tightened the noose around my balls.
I just wanted something to stimulate/torment my balls while I waited.

Step 2- I laid the handcuffs across the sawhorse and replaced the lubricant
on the butt plug. I added a bit to my asshole, wiping my hands on my leg…
hey; I’m a guy, that’s how guys do that! I then plugged up my mouth with
a favorite gag- a short, fat penis gag with a strap that buckled behind
my head. I knew nobody could hear me, but I love being gagged. It makes
me feel more helpless! (My new deep-throating dildo would have done a super
job, but you can’t breathe while you have something deep down your throat.
I would have lost consciousness and died before I could cum, and that would
be no fun at all.)

Step 3- I climbed up on the air mattress and stood tall while I wiggled
into position atop the too-fat butt plug. The saw horse was too tall to
stand over the butt plug, but the mattress was thick enough so that I could
stand over the blunt point. I squirmed down, slipping an inch or so of
the probe into me; there was plenty of plug left, but the ridiculous size
of the thing made the limit not the depth of my asshole but rather the
extent to which my asshole would stretch!

Step 4- I tied the ropes from the saw horse to the belt around my waist.
This kept me positioned in the center of the saw horse so I couldn’t stand
up and get off the plug, nor could I move forward or back enough to slide
off the plug. The way I had it figured, in a bit I would almost certainly
want to get out of the fix I was planning, and I wanted to prevent that.

Step 5- I reached back for the handcuffs and locked one on my right
wrist, checking to make sure the keyhole faced inward so I’d be able to
get the key in when I finally got to that point. It would be most ungood
to lock myself up and then find that I had goofed this and was really impaled
forever!

Step 6- I reached out for the nipple clamps, stretched tall, and fastened
them one after the other to my nipples, taking care not to grab too much
meat (which means not enough sting) and not too little (which causes so
much sting that it overwhelms the pleasure). Oohhh! Then I reached behind
my back and locked the cuffs around my wrists. As always, stretching my
hands behind my back made the clamps bite harder at my tits. Before I could
reconsider, I pressed down on the cuffs.

CLICK CLICK CLICK! I was trapped,.helpless, just like I wanted to be!
I struggled automatically for a moment- it’s natural when one takes that
final step, the final action that irrevocably commits you. Self-bondage
fans know the moment- when you step off a stool into suspension and now
you can’t step back up; when you drop the end of the rope which binds you
rigidly to a steel post; the firm ‘snap’ of the lock on your chastity belt,
the key to which you mailed to yourself that morning; when you hear the
click-click-click of the handcuffs, the keys to which will be unreachable
for hours; the ‘thud’ of the pillory gate which will hold you immobile
until the timer expires. Shit, I can’t get out! I’m trapped!

Then I pulled myself together, realizing that I was just as helpless
as I wanted to be, and that worse was yet to come, worse which I had carefully
planned and couldn’t avoid. I squirmed helplessly atop the mattress as
I looked at my reflection in the mirror. Ah, shit, why do I do this to
myself? I watched my reflection in the mirror- a six-foot tall guy standing
over a too-fat butt plug, clover clamps tormenting his nipples, a pipe
wrench pulling at his balls and a rubber penis plugging his mouth. He looked
back at me hopelessly, his humiliation emphasized by the untouchable erection
which hung uselessly in front of him. The more I struggled, the more I
screwed myself down onto the oversized butt plug. Also, my weight on the
air mattress was causing it to deflate faster than I had anticipated, lowering
me faster onto the butt plug, driving its bulk deeper into me, spreading
my asshole much more than it was used to.

In maybe ten minutes- a terribly long time, actually- the mattress had
lowered me maybe a couple of inches, and I had to lean back, pushing my
chest upward and outward to relieve the pull of the clamps at my nipples.
I squirmed vigorously, accomplishing little except to make my manacled
arms flap back and forth against the top of my ass cheeks, emphasizing
my helplessness. My cuffed hands stroked back and forth over my ass, emphasizing
my ass crack, through which cleavage the incredible bulk of the rubber
plug jammed up into me.

I continued to struggle, of course. In the mirror, I watched my helpless
squirming. I watched my balls as the weight of the pipe wrench stretched
them further and further down toward my feet. The noose not only stretched
my balls downward but packed them down to the bottom of my ballsack; the
skin was stretch tight over them and almost purple. Over my balls, my cock
was fat and stiff, wanting terribly to slip into something, anything, to
spurt its backed-up load. But, sadly, just as I had planned it, this wasn’t
about to happen. There was an orgasm somewhere in my future, but it was
going to be delayed by my own plan!

I couldn’t see behind me, of course, but as the air mattress I stood
on deflated, the oversized butt plug had been crammed another couple of
inches up between my ass cheeks and deeper into my bowels. This wasn’t
even close to the maximum length of what my ass would take, but because
of the outrageous size and taper of the plug, my asshole was stretched
to its limit. It felt like I was being fisted! (Before setting up this
scene, I had compared the plug to my fist; the plug was a couple of inches
wider than my fist, and no way could I see my fist fitting into my asshole!)

I looked back at the mirror. The self-bound guy in the mirror was straining
mutely at the gag which packed his face. The more he struggled, the more
the clamps tormented his nipples, which were now visibly pulled up and
out from his breasts. These clamps, as all you clover clamps fanciers will
recognize, have a fiendish mechanical linkage which causes them to pinch
tighter as more pull is applied to them, and right now it felt like my
entire body weight was pulling on the damn things. Not only that, but nipple
clamps in general burn worst when they’re removed, and the longer they’ve
been on, the worse the burn! And these had been sternly clamped on my nipples
for days, it seemed, and it was going to be another hour or so before the
ice melted enough to release the bar which held my keys away from me.

Of course, being fiendishly clever in my preparations, I had positioned
the ice-filled stocking so I couldn’t see it. There was a clock in the
dungeon, but I’d laid it on its face before starting, so I had no idea
of how long I had been bound or how long I would be bound. I squirmed atop
the butt plug, rocking back against the ropes that pinioned me, and suffered,
feeling my asshole stretch further and further out of shape. It felt like
some monster had grabbed me by the balls and was pulling me down over its
cock! For a second I pictured King Kong grabbing Fay Wray around her narrow
waist, her slim legs flung wide apart as his incredible erection split
her apart and packed her full, as she screamed out her distress until his
cock blocked her throat from below. Well, that’s how I felt!

The obscenely over-large plug, so much larger than my fist, was by now
ready to slide into me to the point where my asshole would slam closed
around its narrow neck- that is, if my poor asshole would ever close again!
When that happened, the whole over-large bulk of the butt plug would be
packed into my bowels. That bulk, of course, felt like it was about the
size of the Saturday edition of the New York Times, and there’s no way
all of that was going to fit into me.

Oh, shit, why did I do this to myself? When I eventually get out of
this, I’m going to have to crawl upstairs on my hands and knees, shit dribbling
out of my ruined asshole as I go, and then I’m going to be embarrassed
beyond belief when the fire department paramedics (all babes, of course)
snicker as they patch me up before transporting me Code 3 to the emergency
room, where they’ll page over the intercom “Asshole doctor to E.R. immediately!
Another jerk shoved a huge butt plug up his ass and it has to be sewed
up STAT! Asshole doctor to E.R. immediately!”

Oh shit…oh fucking shit….

After about an hour of this physical and emotional torment, the ice
finally melted and the keys slapped against my back. I fumbled with the
key, and it seemed to take forever to hit the little hole, but eventually
the cuffs sprang free. Within a minute I was easing my asshole off the
plug. From the slimy stains I could see that less than half of the incredible
width had pressed into my ass, so I suppose it eventually will close again.

Thus reassured, I reached up, squeezed the clamps, and quickly released
my nipples. DAMN DAMN DAMN THAT BURNS! (The longer they’re on, the more
they burn coming off- something to do with the return of circulation.)
After I rubbed them to soothe the burning (it doesn’t help, it never does,
but I always do it anyway), I dropped to my knees in front of the mirror,
the noose still around my ballsack and the gag still packing my mouth.
I squirted some of the lubricant on my hands, and in maybe a minute my
aching erection was sliding in and out of my right hand. Shit… I’ve already
waited too long and wasn’t interested in prolonging the experience. I released
my cock, rubbed my hands together, and interlaced my fingers. This makes
a dandy ‘manual pussy’, in case you didn’t see that coming, and in maybe
two more minutes my balls were blasting my cum across the floor and onto
the mirror!
