---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/whynotathreesome.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Why Not a Threesome
authors:
- Lady Tressa
tags:
- M/f
- F/mf
- D/s
- bond
- gag
- rope
- naked
- cuffs
- collar
- electro
- torment
- robbery
- oral
- anal
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2014-02-03 00:00:00
---

For Joyce, a thirty six year old divorced elementary school teacher, the upcoming encounter with Mike would be her first attempt at fulfilling a strong desire for bondage submission. Joyce, like many women in her age group, utilized the Internet as a means of exploring and fulfilling their bondage fantasies. Were it not for the Internet these fantasies would likely have remained dormant.

For nearly three weeks Joyce had been chatting on AOL with Mike, a fifty year old machinist, who resided about fifty miles away. The two had exchanged pictures and the relationship had progressed to the telephone stage.

Joyce’s bondage desires had been fueled by her exposure to the glut of bondage photos on the net. She was a natural submissive, which complimented Mike’s dominant desires. Joyce had never engaged in any real time bondage, while Mike had numerous such encounters with females over a twenty year period.

It was now time for Mike and Joyce to meet. Since Joyce’s elderly mother lived in the same house, this ruled out Mike visiting. It was agreed that Joyce would drive the fifty miles, meet Mike for the first time at his house, and have the encounter immediately thereafter.

Mike was honest as to his identity and address. Joyce, ever cautious, utilized one of the on line background check services, with nothing out of the ordinary found. The meeting date was set for 11:00AM on a Sunday in January.

Some specifics of the encounter had already been agreed to. Joyce, a buxom five foot five redhead, would be dressed provocatively in a mini-skirt and tight sweater. Somewhat reluctantly Joyce agreed to immediately proceed to the bathroom, strip naked, and then present herself to Mike.

Joyce had hoped to spend a few minutes talking before getting down to business, however it was her suggestion to dress provocatively, even if her clothed exposure time was so brief. Submissive by nature, she was willing to accede to the idiosyncrasies of a dom.

Mike had additional plans for the encounter, of which Joyce could not be made aware of beforehand. He harbored a strong desire for a threesome, consisting of a maledom, female sub, and a dominatrix. Joyce had expressed a disdain for lesbianism in general and specifically for dominatrixes. From Mike’s standpoint this was a perfect brew.

In his years of bondage Mike, had never participated in such a three some, and was not acquainted with any dominatrix. Using the Internet he made contact with Elena a forty year bbw type, who claimed to have extensive dominatrix experience.

After initially demanding five hundred dollars for a two hour appearance, Mike was able to whittle her down to three hundred fifty dollars. They agreed to meet at a bar to discuss the specifics.

Mike’s impression of Elena was mixed. While not particularly good looking, and insistent upon wearing casual clothing, she did impress him as being sufficiently sadistic to dominate a novice female submissive.

Elena would arrive at Mike’s place about thirty minutes after Joyce’s arrival. Joyce would likely resist upon learning about the dominatrix scheme, but Mike would have her securely restrained, with escape not being an option. Elena would force her to engage in both oral sex and anal strap on sex, in addition to assorted humiliation. After Elena’s departure, Mike intended to confine Joyce overnight and had no shortage of ideas as to what he planned to do with her.

Joyce began the fifty mile drive with enthusiasm coupled with nervous apprehension. She had led Mike to believe that she had given his address to her friend, with instructions to contact the police if she did not hear from her by a specific time.

During a stop at a truck stop convenience store during the trip, Joyce felt modestly embarrassed that her provocative attire, caught the eye of employees and customers. From her standpoint it was well worth tolerating, as she relished the imminent bondage encounter. Joyce arrived in the vicinity of Mike’s house about twenty minutes ahead of schedule, and not striving for perfect punctuality, phoned to request permission to arrive immediately. This was granted.

Mike’s house was easy to find, with a red Silverado parked in the driveway, and the garage door open. Joyce pulled up to the garage door, exited the vehicle without hesitation and walked into the garage. Following the agreed upon instructions, Joyce knocked three times on the inner door. About forty five seconds later, the door opened and Joyce found herself facing the six foot, two hundred  pound, bare chested Mike
 
Joyce intuitively recognized a disconnect between the pictures she had seen of Mike and his present demeanor. There was now a frightening evil look about him, but Joyce did not have time to contemplate calling off the session.

Mike immediately directed her to the bathroom, where she was given four minutes to strip completely nude, then present herself. Joyce was miffed, having spent so much time dressing provocatively to please her dom, it was mostly concealed by the knee length coat she was wearing.

“Yes sir” she demurred, attempting to conceal her disappointment, as he waited for her in the hallway, to emerge from the bathroom.

This time Mike was wearing a ski mask and holding a pair of steel handcuffs in his right hand. Before Joyce had time to comment, Mike swiftly cuffed her wrists behind. “You’re mine now bitch, property and nothing more” he added, as Joyce was led to the living room.

Joyce tried to maintain her composure, as this was her first bondage encounter, and while expecting to be stripped naked and restrained, found that having this done by a masked man so quickly, was especially unnerving.

Once in the living room, Joyce’s hopes for conversation were dashed as Mike forced a pair of panties into her mouth, sealing it with three pieces of silver duct tape, which had been prepositioned on a table. Mike had already broken one promise, this being that she would be ball gagged, rather than having another object stuffed into her mouth.

Her next accouterment was a black leather collar, which was padlocked into place, to which was added a six feet metal leash. This came as no surprise, since Mike had informed her previously of his fetish preference for subs being collared and leashed. To increase her restraint, a cable tie was used to connect her cuffed wrists to a loop on the rear of the collar. She was now forced to stand facing Mike, her generously endowed breasts lavisciously protruding.

At this point Mike sprung the surprise. “I’ve invited a dominatrix to visit here to assist with your training, I think it will be good for you and I’ll certainly enjoy it”.

Joyce was stunned by the announcement, with her verbal protests effectively silenced by her gag. She quickly realized that Mike was dangerously sadistic, and that her previous assessment of his character had been inaccurate.

At this point Mike took the leash and led Joyce to his bedroom, where she was ordered to kneel on the bed, with her feet at the headboard. Her ankles were then tied together using a cable tie, which in turn was connected to a chain that was anchored to the bed frame, beneath the mattress.

The leash was attached to a ring on the rear of Joyce’s collar, with the other end tied to her ankle cuffs, forcing her to remain kneeling in a most uncomfortable position. Adding to her discomfort, her handcuffed arms remained drawn up and tied to the collar ring.

While she could not see Mike’s face because of his ski mask, Joyce sensed he was deriving much gratification from seeing her bound and gagged, rigidly immobilized, and in a state of abject terror. She refrained from attempting to speak through her gag, knowing that the muffled sounds would only add to his erotic delight.

Standing at the foot of the bed, Mike used his cell to dial Elena, the dominatrix. “She is tied up get here as fast as you can” he spoke tersely before hanging up. “It won’t be long bitch, just make yourself comfortable” he said to Joyce, before leaving the bedroom.

Joyce had desperately wanted bondage sex with a male, now it appeared she would be forced to have lesbian sex, something she loathed. Having looked at pictures on lesbian bondage sites, she knew that dominatrixes could be extremely cruel.

Mike then put a leather blindfold on Joyce, knowing that it would greatly increase her anxiety. She could hear, but not see, him come and go from the room. The most stressful part was not knowing exactly when the dominatrix would arrive.

About twenty minutes later Joyce heard the sound of a vehicle pulling into the driveway, followed by a car door slamming. She could hear a female speaking with Mike in the kitchen, but could not make out what was being said. After what seemed like another five minutes, Mike and Elena walked into the bedroom, and Joyce’s blindfold was removed, allowing her to see her mistress for the first time.

Elena’s appearance did not fit Joyce’s expectations for a dominatrix. Sporting an outlandish blond wig, she was no taller than five foot four and weighed at least two hundred pounds. Her attire consisted of baggy blue sweat pants coupled with a much tighter gray sweatshirt.

Mike knew little about Elena and she volunteered no information about her background. A distinct foreign accent, led Mike to suspect she was an immigrant from Europe.

Her first remark was “So this is the slut who hates lesbians, she will learn soon enough about respect, Elena very good teacher”.

“I don’t think she likes the idea”, roared Mike. “I want to see her eat your cunt, then ass fuck her with a strap on” he added.

“Elena is in charge and will decide myself what to do with the slut” she snapped.

Mike was surprised and angered by this remark. He was paying Elena for her services, and had every right to dictate the course of action. Arguing in the presence of Joyce would undermine his authority.

“Cut loose the cable connecting her handcuffs to the collar and take off her leash. I can’t do much torture like she is” ordered Elena.

Mike, seething with anger, complied with the request. It brought temporary comfort to Joyce, but she knew it wouldn’t last long. The word torture was especially ominous, it was one thing to be ass fucked, but what else did Elena have in store for her.

At this point the unexpected occurred. Elena produced a cattle prod device from her sweat pants and used it to incapacitate Mike, by shocking him in the navel. It caught Mike totally by surprise and sent him slumping to the floor. “What the fuck was that for” he exclaimed, still in obvious pain.

“Elena likes to rob houses of money and drugs as well as torture anyone home” she responded. Before Mike could recover from the jolt he found himself handcuffed, wrists behind, his ski mask removed, his pants pulled down to his ankles, and his boxers cut off with a knife.

Mike was hoisted onto the bed next to Joyce. Elena then produced a length of rope and looped it around Mike’s neck, allowing it to be used as a choker.

Elena then used a strap to bind Mike’s ankles together. The rope around his neck was attached to this strap, forming a very restrictive hog tie. Mike was effectively neutralized, knowing that if he struggled the rope would choke him.

“First Elena do the slut then look for money and drugs. If you cooperate I’ll fix you so that you can free yourself in an hour or so, otherwise someone might not find you for a long time” she intoned.

Mike’s attempts to dissuade Elena from her present course were ignored. She produced a special leather penis gag and chortled, “Elena bring this just for you, I tried to get my boyfriend to come with me and you’d be sucking his cock if he did” she added.

The humiliating penis gag was strapped into place and a roll of duct tape placed next to it on the bed. It would later be used to hold the other gag in place, but for now Elena needed for Mike to speak if necessary.

Elena then directed her attention to Joyce, who remained nude, handcuffed and lying on her stomach. After removing her sweat pants, she repositioned Joyce, forcing her to lie on her back, then mounted atop so that Joyce’s mouth was forced against Elena’s sex.

“I don’t have to tell you what to do” ordered Elena, who delivered a mild shock to Joyce’s sex, to induce her to perform vigorously. Joyce’s ankle bindings remained in place, along with the handcuffs and collar.

For the next ten minutes Joyce used her tongue, to perform the abhorrent task of pleasuring another woman’s cunt. With nearly two hundred pounds of weight positioned above her head, Joyce could easily have suffocated if the vicious dominatrix sat fully upon her face.

The hope that the face sitting ordeal was coming to an end was shattered. “You do good job on Elena’s cunt, now you do the same to my asshole” she commanded. Joyce had no choice than to comply but was only required to do the anal mouth work for about five minutes. Her ankle bindings were removed at this point.

It was repugnant enough to be forced to engage in oral sex with a female, but the body odor of this woman was equally so. She seemed to be oblivious of the basics of feminine hygiene, but Joyce wasn’t about to express this opinion. Finally Elena turned her attention to Mike

Under threat of torture, Mike revealed the combination to his safe. This yielded three hundred dollars and a stash of marijuana for Elena, who was angered that there wasn’t more money. She had already collected the three hundred fifty dollar tribute upon her arrival.

“You fucking bastard I fix you good” Elena announced. She then produced a plastic cock cage and locked it into place on Mike’s cock. “Elena keep the key and maybe in two or three days I give it to you, for maybe a few hundred dollars”

“Maybe you think you can find a locksmith to take it off, so Elena take pictures of you and will post them on the Internet if you somehow get it off” she added. Using her cell camera, she proceeded to take several pictures of both Mike and Joyce.

Mike knew the futility of attempting to remove the device and that he was at the mercy of this sadistic psychopath. It was uncomfortable to wear, but at least it would not interfere with excretory functions.

Elena, having no further need for Mike’s mouth, produced a pair of soiled panties from her large black purse, wedging them into his mouth, before sealing them by winding the duct tape around his head several times. “These are panties Elena wear yesterday” she chortled.

Still hogtied, Mike struggled to keep the rope around his neck from choking him. In the meantime Elena fastened the strap on device around her waist, and prepared to continue having her way with Joyce.

Joyce was mentally prepared for the strap on assault. She had seen enough bondage web site pictures so as to know what to expect. It would be painful, but not as repugnant as the forced anal and oral sex she had already been subjected to.

After placing a pillow underneath Joyce’s stomach to prop her up, Elena applied some type of lubricant, designed to make the strap on intrusion less painful. Joyce’s panty gag, which Elena had removed while face sitting, was replaced with a ball gag. “You feel much better with a gag and it is more sexy” she added.

Joyce was no stranger to anal sex, but never enjoyed it or experienced an orgasm from it. Elena’s thrusts were intended to cause pain, which resulted in Joyce begging her to stop. Her gagged protests were music to Elena, who continued the torture for nearly ten minutes.

At this point Elena decided she had inflicted enough torture upon the couple, and was content to have made six hundred fifty dollars, along with Mike’s supply of marijuana for the month.

Elena removed the handcuffs from Mike’s wrists, replacing them with a zip tie, and leaving a pair of cutters, expecting that he would free himself within about an hour. She placed the cutters where it would be difficult but not impossible for Mike to reach them.

Mike would remain hogtied and gagged, but the choke rope was removed. Elena assured him that she would arrange for him to receive the key for the cock cage within three days.

Elena generously decided not to steal any additional items from the house. Mike knew he was at her mercy, with no realistic hope of removing it himself.

Joyce was placed in the same stringent bondage that Mike had arranged her in before Elena’s arrival. Her handcuffs were fastened to the collar loop, forcing them upwards to the small of her back.

She was made to kneel, facing forward, at the head of the bed, her ankles were rebound, and fastened to the bed frame with the chain. The leash was connected between the collar ring and ankles, forcing her to remain in a kneeling position.

“Enjoy yourself” quipped Elena as she departed, leaving Mike and Joyce securely restrained on the bed. For Mike his first priority was to find the wire cutters, which Elena had left on the living room couch, along with the handcuff key.

Joyce had no hope of freeing herself and was beginning to panic. Elena was quite proficient at gagging her submissives, making normal conversation impossible. Mike still had Elena’s soiled panties in his mouth, with a half a roll of duct tape wrapped around his head. The remainder of the duct tape was used to keep Joyce’s ball gag in place.

To reach the living room it was necessary for Mike to lower himself from the bed on to the bedroom floor. That was the easy part, crawling, rolling, and hoping to the living room while hog tied was considerably more difficult, testing his agility to the max.

Within half an hour Mike was able to remove his restraints, using the wire cutters. He then freed Joyce from her restraints. Despite an apology from Mike, Joyce had not a word to say. She promptly dressed and departed, never to speak with him again.

Mike agonized overnight of wearing the cock cage, calling in sick on Monday. At 5:00PM that day he received a call from Elena, instructing him to proceed to the beverage section of a particular supermarket. There he would find the key, taped underneath a particular shelf.

Arriving at the supermarket in record time, Mike found the key and immediately proceeded to the restroom. The cock cage was then removed and Mike returned home, still humiliated and broken.

Elena left town shortly afterwards, without informing anyone of her destination. Mike had plenty of ideas for revenge, but they would never come to fruition.
