---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Volunteer 2
authors:
- rbd101
tags:
- M/m
- mum
- latex
- wrap
- tape
- reluct
- X
date: 2002-09-30 00:00:00
---

**Part Two**
The
Volunteer written by rbd101

Ned awoke at the sound of
a door opening. Panic seized him by the throat when he found that he could
not open his eyes. He couldn’t even move. Even the yelled he made were
muffled by an inflatable gag that filled his entire mouth. It was then
that Ned slowly started to calm down and access the situation. He remembered
yesterday. He remembered Dave and his mummification. He even remembered
Steve and Jordan, another two unfortunate who fell into Dave’s trap. Light
suddenly flooded into Ned’s eyes. With a muffled grunt, he squinted until
his eyes grew accustomed to the bright light. A smiling face hovered over
him. It was Dave.
“Thirsty?” Dave asked.

Ned managed to nod slightly.
With the layers of plastic wrap and duct tape around his neck it wasn’t
easy. Nodding, Dave peeled off the piece of duct tape covering Ned’s mouth.
He removed the inflatable gag and placed a tube into Ned’s mouth.

“Suck,” he instructed and
Ned did. “Finish every last drop.”

Ned needed no prompting.
He was dead thirsty. As he gulped down the cool sweet liquid, he managed
to turn his head slightly. He saw the black and red mummies, Jordan and
Steve. Both were sucking on tubes like he was.

Dave returned a short while
later, that smile still on his face.

“All done boys?” he asked.
Not waiting for an answer, as if they could answer, Dave removed the tubes
from all three mummies and replaced the inflatable gags. “Let me fill you
in on some things today,” he said rubbing his hands together. “I’ve already
solved Jordan and Steve’s problems. All that is left is Ned’s. Guess what
Ned?”

“Mmmppph!”

“I’ve spoken to your landlord
and paid him what you owed. I had your stuff packed and sent off to the
Salvation Army. You’re utterly mine now.”

Ned started screaming into
his gag and struggling with all his might. This only made him flop around
on the table. Unfortunately, he struggled too hard and flopped himself
off the table. He landed on flat on his face. The force of the fall knocked
the wind out of him and stunned him. He just lay there.

“Now, now, that’s no way
to behave,” Dave reprimanded. With strong hands, he picked Ned’s mummified
body up and lay him on the table again. “You all start work today. I’ll
just have to transfer you to the dungeon.”

With that, Dave replaced
the duct tape over Ned’s eyes. Ned felt himself lifted up and carried off.
It was not long when he was set down again this time on a cold hard surface.
He could even smell the exhaust fumes of a vehicle.

“This is it. I’m screwed.”
Ned thought. But even as the pondered, he was consciously aware of the
hardness of his manhood, wrapped under layers and layers of plastic wrap
and duct tape. It had not shrunk all night. He knew. The ache of release
had dogged his sleep all night but mummified as he was, there was no way
he could release himself.

There came a thud beside
him and Ned knew either Jordan or Steve was next to him. A few minutes
later, another thud and a door slammed shut.  The engine rumbled to
life and the vehicle moved off. The rocking of the vehicle relaxed Ned
and the heat under the layers of plastic wrap eased his mind. His last
thought as he drifted off to sleep was. “Why am I feeling this way?”

Ned awoke as he was hoisted
up again. He was carried again to somewhere where he was set down again
on a flat surface. He lay there, afraid of what Dave had in store for him.
What was this work he talked about earlier. Ned didn’t have to wait long.
A door slammed shut and Ned started at the sound.

“Ned, let’s get you ready
for work,” Dave’s voice said.

Ned felt something penetrate
the thick layers that held his body immobile. The cold metal slid up the
small gap between his two legs and came dangerously close to the base of
his groin. Ned flinched involuntarily. Dave chuckled. The layers were roughly
ripped open and cool air flooded in. With this new found freedom, Ned started
to struggle and kick furiously.

A stinging slap struck Ned
on the face, though the impact was lessened somewhat by the duct tape that
still covered his face, it was enough to stun Ned for a split second. And
that was all it took. In that split second, Ned’s left leg was seized and
pinned down on the table. A metal ring closed over it and held it in place.
Ned’s right left soon followed. Ned yelled and tried to struggle some more
but it was useless. with both his legs chained down wide apart and his
upper body still totally encased in plastic wrap and duct tape, the most
he could manage was to sit up. A needle pierced Ned in the left thigh.

“You make things hard for
yourself Ned.” Dave said. “Just do as I tell you and you’ll be fine. I’m
taking care of you now, You have no life outside now. Here is all you have
left. I’ll provide you with everything you’ll possibly need in exchange
for your obedience.”

Ned wanted to scream and
struggled he wanted to kill Dave but deep down, he knew. Dave was right.
He really had nothing. All he had to do was obey Dave and everything would
be provided for. Reluctantly, Ned managed a nod of consent and Dave grunted
approvingly.
“That’s the way.”

Leaving Ned’s legs chained
to the table, Dave removed the rest of Ned’s plastic cocoon. Naked and
cold, Ned clutched himself and shivered violently. Dave gently dried Ned
with a towel and powdered him. Soon, Ned was feeling better.

“Now I want you to behave,”
Dave said, unlocking Ned’s legs from the table.

“Y..yes,” Ned mumbled.

“Good. I’m going to get
some stuff. You stay here till I get back.” Dave started moving off. “I’m
warning you. You better not disobey me. I’m all you got left.”

Ned sat on the table and
glanced around for the first time. He was in a dungeon. On the walls hung
implements of torture. Hoods in leather, rubber and nylon. Head and body
harnesses. Whips and paddles. Cages, bondage tables. Suspensions racks,
mummy bags and even more things in the darker parts of the dimly lit room.

“What the hell have I gotten
myself into?” Ned whispered.

Something shiny caught his
eye. It was the mummified form of Jordan, encased entirely in black duct
tape. Not far from him was Steve immobilised in red tape. Ned got off the
table and shuffled over to Jordan and peeled off the piece of tape covering
his eyes. The eyes snapped open and stared pleadingly at Ned. “Help me,”
they seemed to say. But before Ned could do anything, Dave returned.

“I didn’t say you can touch
anything,” Dave said quietly.

Ned jumped back, startled.

“No matter,” Dave said smiling
again. “Come here.”

Ned hesitated. He started
to replace Jordan’s blindfold.

“No, no. He can watch.”

Ned dropped the piece of
duct tape and went over to Dave apprehensively. A roll of plastic wrap
appeared in Dave’s hand.

“Not again,” Ned backed
off.

“Remember what I said,”
Dave said.

Ned stopped and sighed. This
was it. If he did this, he wouldn’t be able to back out ever again. But
yet that strange feeling he had when he was in the vehicle. That peace
and calmness he never felt before. He wanted to feel it again. He stepped
forward. Dave nodded and started
to wrap each of Dave’s legs separately. Tightly he wound the plastic wrap
up each leg and the further up to his chest, leaving his groin and penis
free. Each arm was wrapped likewise. Even each finger was wrapped separately.
Ned’s penis went even more erect than before and Dave nodded approvingly.

He produced a cockring and
clipped it around the back of Ned’s scrotum, ensuring that the erection
was staying for a long long time. Then he started to wrap Ned’s shaft and
balls in plastic wrap as well. All the while Ned watched in horrid fascination,
consciously aware that another pair of eyes were staring at him. A whimpering
sound came from Jordan. When Dave as done, he proceeded to thinly coat
Ned’s plastic covering with lube, then he handed Ned a rubber jockstrap
with the cock sheath.

“Put it on. You know you
want to.” Dave smiled.

“I want to! God this is
crazy!” Ned thought. With some difficulty, he
slid the tiny thing on and slipped his rock hard penis into the cock sheath,
encasing his plastic covered penis in a tight rubber tube. It felt strangely
good, his cock sheathed in black rubber and his balls nestled safely below
in a tight rubber bag.

Another item was tossed to
Ned. It was a rubber catsuit and it was obviously too small for Ned’s muscular
frame. Without a word, Ned pulled it on. Again with some difficulty. But
with more lube and some struggling, Ned managed to get it on and Dave zipped
him up. The suit was skin tight and accentuated every muscle on Ned’s firm
body. The front of the catsuit where the crotch was, was instead a small
hole where Ned’s manhood and family jewels were pulled out off. Ned was
handed another item to put on. This time it was skin tight rubber chaps
and these had an in-built cock sheath as well. This was harder to get on
by again with lube and some help from Dave, Ned got it on.

Thick skin tight rubber gloves
were added to his hands and after that, heavy black leather boots that
reached up to his knees. These were laced up tightly and Ned was secretly
getting very horny. His hands longed to reach for his aching hard on for
release but with Dave’s steady gaze, he didn’t dare.

“Now the final touches,”
Dave said. Walking over to Ned, he
shoved a gag into Ned’s mouth. It was a rubber gag that held the mouth
open and the tongue down with a hold in the centre, allowing breathing
or feeding. A thick rubber hood with a tube attached was placed over Ned’s
head. The tube fitting perfectly into Ned’s gag. The hood had eyeholes
covered with darkened plastic and Ned could see quite well through them.

Dave started to tuck the
hood’s skirts into Ned’s catsuit and zipped it up the rest of the way.
Dave then led Ned to a full length mirror. Ned was a life sized rubber
doll. No a hint to skin showed. His penis locked away in layers of plastic
and rubber. He felt great. He was in heaven. A moan left his throat before
he could stop himself.

Dave smiled. “Now hang on
a while I’ll be right back.”

Dave left the room. Ned
was still feeling extremely horny. He had to get himself off. He thought,
“My entire dick was encased in rubber. There no way Dave will know if I
jerked myself off.” With that, Ned gripped his rock hard shaft and started
to jerk himself off. It was not long when he exploded. Wave after wave
of sensation hit him. A day and a half of pent up sexual tension burst
from his gagged mouth. Ned moaned in ecstasy. Then he saw Dave staring
at him with hard eyes.

“Bad boy,” Dave said. “That
will be the last time you cum without my permission. I’ll have to punish
you now.”

Dave snapped a collar around
Ned’s neck and led him to a dark room. There his heavily booted feet were
strapped apart to an iron bar. His arms were inserted into a leather straightjacket
and were strapped down tightly. Ned’s rubbered cock was seized next and
the rubber was pulled away from his cock’s head and cut off, leaving a
small hole at the tip of the black shaft.Then Ned was hoisted up
into the air and suspended upsidedown. He struggled but only made his body
sway in the air. Dave loomed before his face.

“I don’t do this to the
newcomers but you’ve been very bad.” Dave flicked a switch.

What Ned saw shocked him.
He was a in large room and there were about twenty other bodies, bound
in the same way he was, suspended upsidedown in the room. They all had
tubes that lead from their mouths to somewhere up in the ceiling. They
each also had another tube that led from their rock hard penises to a large
machine in the centre of the room. Ned turned to Dave, horror
in his eyes. Dave simple placed a blindfold over Ned’s eyes.

“You now have my permission
to cum. As many times as you want. In fact. I want you to drain yourself
dry.”

With that a metal tube was
inserted over Ned’s rubbered cock. There was a force that sucked and released
continually, almost like a vibrator. It aroused Ned. It wasn’t long when
he shot his second load.

“The tube that lead to your
mouth will bring you food. When the time comes. I’ll make sure you’ll never
cum again without my permission.” With that Ned heard the door close.

And so Ned was left to himself.
Alone again except for the sucking sound that came from above him. How
many times he shot his load he didn’t know. He started to get exhausted.
And he was lulled into a deep sleep by the rhythmic sucking sound of the
milking machine. His last thought was, “I must listen to Dave.”

To be continued?
