---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/something_different2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Something Different 2
authors:
- prometheus_b
tags:
- F/m
- bondage
- fem
- cons
- XX
date: 2004-02-01 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Something Different**](something_different.html))_

_**Something Different**-
Part 2
by prometheus\_b
Something Different 2by prometheus\_b

My wife had left me in quite a predicament. My arms and legs were strapped
to opposite ends of a very strange bench. My hands were encased in very
strict latex mittens and my ass was raised towards the heavens. I had a
four-inch posture collar around my neck, a thick leather blindfold covered
my eyes, and my mouth was filled with an impossibly huge dildo. My balls
were incased in a vibrating pouch and my cock was in a device my loving
wife had named a ‘milker’. I had already orgasmed twice this night and
I could feel a third slowly coming on. Every time I came, my cum traveled
in a tube from the milker to the cock in my mouth, and I didn’t dare to
miss a single drop. I didn’t know how my predicament could get much worse,
but I knew it could.

As I said, I felt a third orgasm quickly approaching; she had left the
milker on a very low setting, and after an hour of my manhood being massaged,
and squeezed, I could feel it coming on. I didn’t want to taste my cum
again, but what I wanted wasn’t really an option at the moment.  Right
as I was about to explode, the milker turned off. A swat on my ass let
me know that my wife had been watching the whole time.

“I’m glad to see that you’re not too tired out yet. You’ll get a chance
to come again, after you earn it.”

A grunt of disappointment escaped from behind the dildo.

“Don’t sound so disappointed, I promise you’ll be begging me to never
come again at the end of the night.”

With that she began to unbuckle the straps holding my legs down. “I
know you haven’t been too happy with our sex life lately, and I feel the
same way. I was talking to some of my girlfriends last week and their guys
kinda felt the same way. They didn’t know the best way to go about fixing
the problem.”

She began to unbuckle the straps holding my torso to the bench. “Fortunately
I know how to fix such problems.”

She undid the straps holding my arms down and not-so-gently took off
the clamps on my nipples. My whole body shuddered as the blood rushed back.
She helped me to my feet and offered me a drink of wine, which I greedily
drank to try and get the taste of my own semen out of my mouth.

“Spread your feet, slut.”

I felt her pull something up my legs, and she worked my tender cock
and balls into what I can only imagine were a pair of latex panties that
were closer to her size than mine. She effectively chastised me, secured
the plug in my ass all the while adding to my humiliation of sucking a
cock and swallowing my own semen. If I could have hung my head with this
realization I would have.

She left the latex mittens on and locked them together behind my back.
She started working an armbinder up my arms, and criss-crossed the straps
over my chest and back under my arms. She then begin to tighten each strap
around my arms and wrists, and when she was certain they could go no tighter,
locked each strap with a padlock. She then locked the top of the armbinder
to the collar with another padlock and slapped my ass playfully.

“I wouldn’t fancy any thoughts of being the next Houdini if I were you,
bitch. Open your mouth.”

She shoved the three-inch ballgag back into my mouth and pushed me down
to my knees.

“I told my girlfriends about how we could make our men happy with their
sex lives again. I told them I’d hire an open-minded prostitute that I
could strap down for a few hours. They’ll have their way with the hooker,
anyway they want, and then leave her here for me.”

I felt her strap something around my chest and fasten it underneath
the arm-binder. It almost felt like…

“I hope you enjoy your new tits. I’m glad you already shave your chest,
but we’re gonna have to do something about your legs. In case you haven’t
figured it out yet, you’re the hooker tonight. I just have to make you
presentable for the guys.”

She then shaved my legs completely up to the latex panties. She then
pulled a pair of knee-high stockings onto my legs and finished it off with
a pair of high-heeled shoes.

“One last touch and you should be ready to go.”

I could feel the hair from the wig in my face as she began to fasten
it to my own hair. With a few adjustments, I could only imagine what I
looked like.

“I don’t want you to be able to recognize any of the voices, so you’ll
have to wear these.”

She inserted a pair of earplugs that completely blocked out all sound.
A voice rang in my ear.

“This is the only sound you’ll hear for the rest of the night, if you
disobey any of my instructions in the least, you’ll be sucking cock for
the rest of the week.”

She locked on a pair of ankle cuffs and attached a spreader bar between
them. She then locked the spreader bar to the floor with a short piece
of chain and forced me back to my knees.

On the radio in my ear I heard, “I’ll be back in a moment whore.”

I could not believe what was happening to me, I had never before sucked
a man’s cock and I sure as hell didn’t want to start tonight. All of the
restraints were expertly applied and I knew escape was not an option and
I feared what might happen if I voiced a complaint. If I ever got a chance
to complain that is. I felt a hand brush my face and my gag was unlocked
and taken out.

In my ears I heard a warning, “Not a fucking word out of you, you know
the consequences.”

I felt my torso being lowered to the floor, and it stopped when I was
at about a 45-degree angle to the floor. I felt something being attached
to my armbinder and realized it had to be a chain. I was stuck bent over
like this.

“First cock of the night, whore, you better make me proud.”

I tried not to gag as someone shoved their prick into my mouth, and
fucked my mouth. Due to the posture collar, I couldn’t move my head at
all, but I knew an effort was required so I began to roll my tongue around
the head of the penis. I couldn’t believe what was happening to me, but
I feared the consequences worse.

For what seemed like ages I sucked the dick in my mouth and finally
I felt their body spasm and a warm liquid shot into the back of my mouth.
I struggled to swallow it all, remembering the warning from before about
not missing a single drop, but managed to finish it all. Before I had even
finished swallowing, another cock slammed into my mouth. This continued
for well over an hour, I lost count of how many times my mouth had been
used.

I felt my latex panties open up in the back and the plug was removed.
At least that, I thought. I was wrong. A cock entered my mouth, and another
slammed into my ass. I was being fucked from both ends. The person behind
me fucked me in the manner I fucked my wife, slamming their cock into my
ass up to hilt, again and again. I didn’t even notice that the cock in
my mouth had blown a load into the back of my throat because the person
behind me had cum all over my ass.

They continued this for at least an hour and I was starting to get weak.
I didn’t know if I could possibly take anymore. They finally stopped fucking
me, and I felt myself being raised back to my original position. I felt
a glass touch my lips and some wine being poured into my mouth. I greedily
drank from it again, trying to get that taste out of my mouth. Then they
allowed me to collapse on the floor.

“When you get your strength back, get back on your knees.”

After about half an hour lying on the floor I managed to get back to
my knees. The ballgag was once again shoved into my mouth. I felt the earplugs
being removed, and my blindfold was unlocked and taken off. After I got
my vision back, I almost fainted again. Standing in front of me were my
wife and her friends. Her female friends. Some clad in leather, with knee
high boots, corsets, long black gloves, and strap-ons. A million questions
flooded my head, and my wife stepped up in front of me, wagging her strap-on
in front of my face. She produced a small remote control with one button.
She pushed the button, a stream of warm, sticky, liquid shot onto my face.

“We’re not done yet. I promised you that you would beg me to never make
you cum again.”
