---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Trusting an Unfaithful Husband
authors:
- Charlene
tags:
- F-m
- caught
- chast
- bond
- hum
- reluct
- X
date: 2007-12-08 00:00:00
---

Forgive?

Well, Hillary can do so with her
philandering husband, but not me.

I found out by
accident that Sidney had a girlfriend, but they had
not gone to the sex part of it - - yet.  This I found
out by snooping on his e-mails.  I also found out they
were going to take it all the way while I was out of
the country on business for a fortnight.
For obvious reasons - - financial - - he could not
survive without me.  So I knew I could confront him
and get away with any threats and action I wanted.

I
prowled the internet and found the perfect item, an
aluminum ball which fitted around a man's crotch and then
locked.  It was lightweight, small enough that an
erection was not possible, and with holes for
ventilation and cleaning.
The day before my trip, I confronted him with the
evidence and he hesitatingly confessed.

Why?

Because
I was too "cold" and this girlfriend was a
compassionate person.

Me, cold and calculating?  I
didn't get to be an executive by being warm.

Right then I gave him a choice, wearing the device or
a divorce.

He thought about the consequences of
living with a small amount of money and then agreed to
the device.  He took a shower and then laid on the
bed, with his legs spread out.  I put it on him,
tightened the screws, and then put the outer panel
over the inner panel and locked it.  But I wasn't done
with him!

That night I invited six of my girlfriends over to the
house for a farewell party.  When they had gathered, I
ordered him into the room and then to strip.  You can
imagine the expressions on their faces when they saw
an aluminum ball where his crotch should be!  I then
handed each one a key to the house and told them they
could drop by at any time to check on him.

And to
make sure he would always be there, I brought out a
set of manacles - - aluminum with leather inside, and
an 18-inch chain - - and locked them onto his ankles.
There was no way he could leave the house because he
couldn't put on anything like pants.  Only a long
dress, if he dared.

One more thing - - I unlocked the padlock for the ball
and hung a large jingle bell onto the hasp and then
relocked it.  No way he was going to be moving around
without making a sound!  (And if he dared to go out in
a long dress, imagine how he would have to explain the
jungling sound.)

One of my friends asked about the keys in case of an
emergency.  I told them I was going to send them to
another girlfriend, whose identity I was not going to
reveal.  If they needed the keys, they could send me
an e-mail and I would e-mail the keyholder who would
overnight them.

The next morning as I was preparing to leave, Sidney
begged me not to go through with this.  Not only did I
tell him it was impossible to ignore what he did, but
I handed him a list of chores which he was to have
finished by the time I returned.  At least I was nice
enough to make them all inside!  As for his going out
to get the mail at the curbside box, that was his
problem.

You can imagine that when I returned, I had a very
loving and contrite and obedient husband.  One who
appreciated my "tough love" attitude.

Charlene
