---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Pet Correction Returns
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F+-f+
- fpov
- latex
- petgirl
- catsuit
- hood
- gag
- collar
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2026-02-14 00:00:00
---

### Part 3

Somehow the silence worsened. Both Cleo and I sat by the side of our owner, resting our butts against the hard, wooden floor as Donna stood with her hands clasped together, sitting just below her stomach. The building had been so quiet since we had moved in, it was something we managed to get used to. However, the momentary removal of this Rita caused us to realise just how still and mute our new home was. Donna went down to brush her flowery dress from time to time, perhaps trying to dispose of a loose thread or a piece of dirt by the time the new woman returned to the entrance, either that or a slight gust of wind from the open door would allow the bottom of her dress to float behind her, before hitting the back of her legs once more; filling the silence with the sound of fabric moving.

The silence was worse than before. Despite us all looking towards the entrance and waiting for the arrival of the two new pets, I felt as if the spotlight was shining on me. Rita had walked into our home and completely changed the vibe our 'family' was happily living under. Within minutes, she deduced that both Cleo and I were sexually active with each other whenever one of us was freed from the suits. She also worked out the exact plan we had with just one look. Revealing to Donna that we had been doing so for a long time now, under her roof and completely without her knowledge.

I didn't know what to expect from our owner, it felt like I had been punished before for less. However, not a word left her lips since Rita walked out of the building, this would have been the perfect time for her to say something, yet nothing came to us. Was she so filled with anxiety of meeting these new pets she had almost forgotten about what Cleo and I got up to? Or was it that she simply didn't have anything to say to us? Just silently accepting that the two creatures she looked after were sexually active with each other.

I sat in a warm glow, buzzing and aching from the recent orgasm given to me by the new arrival. That seemed to be the only bright side of this day, knowing sexual pleasure was going to become more frequent and without the need to feel guilty afterwards. It might not come from Donna, but it seemed that Rita was more than happy to give it to us whenever we needed to, as long as we didn't go overboard with the amount of times release was needed.

It was something I was more than happy to indulge myself in. I had no idea if Cleo was comfortable with that idea, something that was a private affair between us both was placed in the open for everyone to know about. Was our bi-weekly tradition something she would want to continue with? Or was she going to warm up to the idea of Rita taking control over her pleasure?

I didn't mind either way.

We looked up as the sound of footsteps walking towards the door caught our attention. It was a clear, hollow sound as she took every step as slowly as she could. That, and the sound of light grunts echoing throughout the main hall told us she was carrying something before we saw her figure enter the door. She was indeed carrying something.

At first, I thought it was a wounded animal. A creature curled up in her arms, shaking violently as it felt the potential danger around it. A flash of reddish-brown caught my eye, easily contrasted against the larger woman's pale skin. She placed the animal down the second she was passed the threshold, forcing the creature to land on its paws.

It was still shaking, every single limb was struggling to maintain the creature's weight as it glanced around the new location and struggled to figure out if it was in any danger or not. Rita pushed against her back before placing her hands on her hips, looking down at the poor thing as if it was something of a trophy, happily showing it off to her new family.

"This is Cinnamon," she said, a certain amount of glee in her voice, "She's the newest member of Pet Correction, just got her this mornin'."

I took a closer look at the creature. The reddish-brown colour travelled all the way around her thin body, only darkening once it reached all four of her paws. A beautiful, white trail travelled from the bottom of her breasts, all the way up to her protruding snout, which then the white 'fur' travelled across her cheeks and highlighting the black nose. Two small ears stood out at the top of the mask, adding to her cute, helpless look.

It was a fox.

She looked briefly towards Donna, Cleo and I with her large, dark eyes before instantly looking away, taking her gaze towards the staircase and avoiding the glare of everyone else in the room. Rita knelt down and stroked down her body, starting at the small of her back, down her butt before ending at the faux tail that was attached to the suit. The tail was the same colour as the rest of the suit, including a white tip.

"She's the most recent applicant for Pet Correction?" Donna asked, taking a small step forwards towards the trembling girl.

"Yeah, she is… Did you see the news about Allison Foxe?"

"Yeah, we did."

Rita brought her arms forwards, almost presenting her to us, "Here she is. Allison Foxe is now an actual fox… get it?"

"You had a choice of what to put her in?" Donna questioned the woman, almost surprised Rita had that much power over the fate of her creatures.

"Yeah. Partially because I didn't have any outfits that fit this girl, also the fact that I've been with the company for a while now, I feel like an executive or something."

I felt for the young woman behind that mask. It was hard to believe that was the same woman I had seen on TV earlier that day, the poor thing whose sentence was broadcast all over the country was now shaking in the main hall of the manor, looking around as if all of us were predators and she was the prey. It was a painful reminder of how I felt when I first came to Donna, she did everything she could to put me at ease, trying to make the transition from young woman to bound pet as easy as possible for me, but still it was a terrifying experience.

The sensation at the bottom of my stomach was something that was easy to remember. As Donna showed me the suit I would spend the entire year in, telling me I would be unable to use my hands, unable to speak, unable to eat or go to the toilet on my own. I recalled the choice to come to Pet Correction was an easy one, one year here was the ideal choice compared to three years in an actual woman's prison. However, looking at that suit filled me with such dread, knowing my basic human needs were going to vanish the second it was locked onto my body.

For me, that was months ago. I had fully accepted my role as a pet, but it was only recent for this poor girl, this Alison Foxe… this Cinnamon.

At first, I wanted to crawl over to the trembling fox, embrace her the only way a pet could. Hug her, be close to her, anything that would have told her that neither Cleo or I were a threat to her.

This was something much easier said than done, without the ability to speak; there was nothing I could do to ease her torment. Even just crawling up to her might have been a terrifying sight, unable to read my emotions or movements as a sign of friendship and caring, rather than sizing her up or preparing to attack. Cleo would have had it worse than me, the black cat was already a tall, muscular creature before the black, shiny material covered her body. I recalled how intimating she was at first, that was before she showed me how territorial she was, how powerful she really was. That was the old Cleo, the one I didn't understand until I saw her out of the suit, before we came up with the plan to relieve each other every two weeks and before I saw the caring, loving side she was hiding all along.

All I could hope was for Donna to take that weight off our shoulders. She was already a bubbly person, with an attitude and smile to match. I hoped these two aspects of our owner were enough to tell the fox that she was in safe hands and that no one would love her more than the person whose feet we were kneeling by.

Rita looked behind herself, briefly staring out of the open door as she returned her hands to her hips, "Dammit! Where did that bunny go to? Hey, BunBun! Get in 'ere."

It was almost an identical feeling to before. Not knowing what was going to come through that door next, we all understood it to be a bunny, but there were so many details we didn't know at that point.

"Come in here, gal!" Rita shouted again, this time pointing to her feet.

Slowly, the creature walked in. It was a careful crawl, but with much less anxiety than the fox gave off. At first, all we saw were the large, almost over-the-top ears that stood over the wearer's mask. With one pointing straight up, the other ear was bent half way up at a ninety-degree angle, giving off a playful look.

The bunny was a beautiful charcoal grey colour, with pink inner ears and partial white splodges over her body, mainly covering her paws, belly and mouth. A cute, pink nose sat at the end of the realistic rabbit mask, looking so real I expected to see the nose scrunch up and down like an actual rabbit. Not all of this new creature was made from latex, it was a first one I had seen, but I quickly noticed the bunny tail that sat just above her butt was made from faux fur, giving the girl a cuter look at the same time as causing my gaze to explore her curvy behind from here. It was as if it was a piece to draw your attention to the creature's sexual body.

Unlike the fox, the bunny looked over us with a vacant stare. The beautiful grey eyes of Bunbun showed no emotion whilst she glanced over her new family, clearly much more adept at this type of life than Cinnamon was. The bunny took her place by her owner's feet, in a very similar fashion to what Cleo and I were doing, but instead of sitting on her knees as the rest of us were, she placed her butt firmly on the ground, with her legs wide and her upper resting forward, separating her knees. She wasn't a domesticated animal like Cleo or I, so it seemed to be a more suitable position for a rabbit to rest on.

"So, this is Bunbun." Rita presented the grey rabbit as if she was some kind of prize, "She's one of the longest running members of Pet Correction, I've had her nearly two years now and she still has some time left with me."

Donna fawned over the two cute creatures that occupied the hall, "They are so cute! So you have the most recent member and one of the oldest? That's an interesting dynamic. Cleo is my longest running girl, I've had her for over a year now. Nala's been with me for around seven months now. How long does Bunbun have left to serve?"

"She's serving five years altogether, so have three years left… well, unless she gets out early for good behaviour. Which… is looking rather likely."

"Five… did you just say five years?" Donna's hand returned to her mouth, trying to hide her shocked expression.

"Yeah, it was cut down from ten. I can't say I've had any problems with her since we met, though."

"W-what did she do to receive that kind of sentence? I didn't realise they could sentence pets for that long? I only have less than half a year left with my two girls."

Rita smiled, "I'm starving, I'm not sure if you guys have eaten yet? But I'm more than happy to tell you about it while we make something?"

---

It was a strange feeling, understanding that this was going to be our family for the rest of my sentence. The morning air travelled around us as we took a stroll around the grounds, the stomachs of the four pets were still warm from the delicious breakfast. Rita and Donna walked in the middle of the group, deep in conversation with each other as Cleo and I crawled either side of them. Bunbun took the lead, hopping in front of us and using the power of her legs to get a small amount of distance before stopping to allow the rest of the group to catch up. Cinnamon stayed far behind, crawling behind everyone with a severe lack of enthusiasm as she realised this was going to be her life for the foreseeable future, nothing but a pet to the two women and having almost all of her freedom taken away from her.

I glanced behind myself, making sure that the new girl doesn't fall too far behind the rest of us. Not wanting to get across the idea that we were happy to keep our distance from her. I slowed my pace, allowing the humans and the black cat to travel on ahead before the reddish-brown creature came close.

Her eyes lit up when she saw me, not understanding the reason behind my sudden change of pace. She glanced over me for a second before she looked away, trying to keep any contact between us to a minimum. This did not phase me, I matched her speed as I took my place at her side. Not attempting to converse with her in any way, but just giving her my company.

"This place is much bigger than I imagined." Rita was still in awe from the property, "And it's all ours."

Donna sighed, "For now, we don't know if this is actually permanent yet. It seems that all of Pet Correction is under the microscope, things might still change."

"Would you want it to?"

"I… I wouldn't mind returning home, although it doesn't seem that I have a choice in the matter."

"I wouldn't want to. I had a small, two bed house. I very much like the idea of getting to know this place better."

It seemed that Rita and Donna were two different people in that aspect. My heart still went out to Donna, who lost the home she loved so much once our address was leaked to the public.

"I… I used to have a small bungalow, but I would happily trade this place to go back there." I could hear the sadness in our owner's voice as she admitted this fact.

"You don't like it here? What was so good about your old place?"

"The fact that it was mine. It was my house, my memories… my life within those four walls."

Rita chuckled, "You could just do the same here? Just on a grander scale."

"But it's not a home to me. It doesn't seem loved, or cared for."

The older woman gently placed her elbow in the younger woman's ribs, "Hey, we can change that. We can make the place our own and create many more memories here. I think everything will be okay, in fact… I know it!"

Donna smiled. It was nice of Rita to try her best to comfort our owner, but I could tell Donna was still upset by the move. I knew she missed the old house and the comfortable, petite living dynamic we had in the bungalow, but I knew she missed Lauren more than that. If there was some way to bring the flower shop owner here, I knew it would calm her down more than any words Rita could say.

That's when I realised I wasn't next to the fox anymore. I stopped immediately and turned my head around, noticing that something had caught the new girl's attention. I turned my entire body around and leapt along the grass, catching up to the still girl within a few seconds. I placed both of my paws around one of hers and dragged it towards me, hoping to get across the point that it wasn't a good idea to try and leave the group. We were still on private land, so there was no worry about being spotted by anyone, but the last thing I wanted was for the girl to get into trouble with the two humans, especially this early on in her sentence.

Strangely, she didn't react to my sudden movements. The girl who was shaking in our presence just hours before was now calm and collected, not bothered by the proximity I was to her. That's when I decided to follow her gaze, trying to see what it could have been that stopped her.

I had to focus my eyes. It was clear that something in or on the wall intrigued her, the one thing that was keeping the outside world away from us. It was a simple brick wall, around six feet in height with a metal frame standing at the top, this was similar to the electrical fence that was keeping us in Donna's first house, travelling all the way around the perimeter with several lights scattered around telling us they were still on. It was a constant reminder how little freedom we had, there was no going over the line without being electrified by the collars around our neck. This new place was a little easier to live in, with the large amount of land around us, it didn't feel like we were so enclosed and locked away.

That was when I noticed what had caught her attention. It was a slight defect in the wall, some of the bricks at the top were beginning to bulge inwards, telling us that it was weaker than the rest of the wall. It must have been from the change in weather, the blanket of snow that existed nearly a week ago had soon disappeared, the sun made its appearance and we quickly began sweating underneath the suits. It wasn't like the entire wall would fall down, but it would create a small hole in between the brickwork and the metal frame at the top… just enough to squeeze through. But then what? It wasn't like we were strong enough to pull the bricks off, even then; we would have to deal with the shocks that came from our collars. It was a flaw in the security, but not one we could do anything about.

Why was she so interested in it? A strange feeling came over me, it was impossible to tell what the woman was thinking, but I had a feeling it wasn't a good one. She scanned the wall for a little longer before turning her attention back to the walking group, shaking off the thoughts she had in her head as if it was nothing.

I carefully watched as she crawled towards our owners, sprinting on all fours to get back to them before they had the chance to notice she was gone. I followed closely behind, putting the sudden stop to her being new. Pet Correction seemed like such a large, powerful company that the small fault she found probably caused her to stop and stare, and to realise there were flaws in their security, much as there were flaws elsewhere.

Well… I hoped that was the reason she stopped.

I didn't have enough time to think about it too much. As soon as I caught up to the two humans, I suddenly felt a sudden hit to my side, not enough to cause me any pain, but enough to throw me off my balance and cause the world to spin around until I was on my back. The urge to get back up hit me almost instantly, to stop the feeling of being vulnerable came first to understanding what caused me to fall onto my back.

Then I looked up, seeing the grey paw of the rabbit against my chest, the other paw placed lightly on my arm and the almost comically large feet were placed equally on my pelvis. Bunbun was the one who pushed me over and pinned me down with the full force of her weight.

I stared up at my attacker, looking back into the vacant eyes of the creature above me, trying to figure out the reason why she did that. The way her paw dug into my chest and the creepy lost eyes that sat behind the realistic bunny mask made her actions seem aggressive. My first guess was she was trying to establish dominance over me in some way. Trying to show that she was somehow above me in the fictional rankings in her head. Cleo was a large cat and could easily be seen as dominant to anyone who looked at her, so this probably made me an easy target for the bunny.

"Bunbun!" Rita yelled, "Get off her!"

The bunny didn't react. She brought her head down lower, trying to stare me down. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the two humans approaching us at a brisk pace, even the black cat was crawling as fast as she could towards us; hoping to stop the confrontation between us. I knew if it wasn't resolved quickly, then Bunbun could be punished for her actions, I had been punished for much less.

That's when I realised I felt no pain in my body. After the initial shock of being thrown over, I could not feel any of the girl's four paws on my body, there was barely even any tension against my muscles at all. The hands made sense as they were placed against my chest and upper arm, places that were protected by bone and muscle. It was her feet, being placed directly into my lower stomach, and should have hurt me, yet I could barely feel them.

Was she… was she…?

I gave it a go. I lifted both my arms up, grabbing her waist and immediately threw her off me. Her eyes widened as I did this, bringing up her arms as she tried to steady herself before I forced her onto the ground next to me, bringing up the grass and dirt as she hit the ground a little harder than intended.

She was light… She was very light.

I found my footing and crawled over to her, placing just one paw onto her stomach with the minimal amount of strength needed. This was enough to keep her down. She writhed underneath me, trying to pull her stomach up with the force in her legs, when this didn't work she tried pulling off my paw with her own two paws… I could hardly feel any strength in her arms.

Then she admitted defeat. Lying on the grass with her arms and legs out in an 'X' pattern. The young woman who was trying to intimidate me just moments before was taken down with the smallest amount of effort needed. Her vacant eyes had turned to pleading ones, begging me to let her go without any consequence.

By this time the two humans and black cat had approached us. Surprisingly, a light chuckle left the new woman's lips as she looked over us in this position. My eyes were laid onto the rabbit's body, but I could also sense that Donna was feeling awkward about the entire thing, unsure on how to take the fight between the two pets.

"Umm… Nala. Get off Bunbun right now!" She tried her hardest to give a commanding tone, yet we could all sense the wobble in her voice.

Rita finally finished with her chuckling, "Don't worry about it, Donna. I think Bunbun needed a good lesson. She tried the same thing with my other two pets."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. Cinnamon is getting used to everything, so she's a bit of a push over anyway, but my previous pet wasn't having any of it. Silly as he was a six foot tall athlete, she didn't stand a chance."

"Oh…" Donna repeated herself in a similar fashion.

"See, Bunbun. You can't get your way by trying to fight everyone. Teddy didn't have any of it, neither will Nala. And I bet you wouldn't even try to take Cleo on."

Rita glanced towards the large, black cat, who was approaching relatively slowly after the strange turn the situation took. Despite being under the latex layer, I could see the bunny sigh underneath me, realising how little strength she had. Rita knelt down and pulled my paw away from the creature, before grabbing her by the waist and slinging her over her shoulder with ease. Bunbun looked defeated, placing both of her elbows against her owner's shoulder and placing her paws underneath her chin.

The two owners continued their walk and carried on their previous conversation as if nothing happened. The black cat took this time to finally approach me, she stared back at me with the same expression she always had; yet I could sense a new feeling she had for me, I guessed it was pride. Her paw slowly rose and stayed in front of her, allowing me to see the cute, pink pawprint that rested underneath where her hand would be. Glancing between her eyes and the bottom of her hand, I soon realised what it was she wanted me to do.

I bought my own paw up, slamming it into hers and causing the air within them to leave. It was the first high-five I had ever given Cleo, and it felt amazing.

---

"So… this Teddy? I'm assuming he was a pet you had before?" Donna asked, placing the cutlery down on the table.

It was a unique sight. All six of the occupants of the house took positions within the dining room. The two owners sat down opposite each other at the dining table, their delicious smelling meals stood out in front of them on ceramic plates. Whilst all four pets of the house were fed and our bellies warm and full, we were still envious of the two women. Being able to sit down and eat off a plate and not out of canister that we had become used to in these forms.

Bunbun placed herself in the corner furthest from us, hiding herself away after her embarrassing defeat at my hands earlier. Cinnamon sat in the middle of the room, trying to keep close to the two humans, it seemed that she wasn't comfortable yet with the other pets and tried to keep close to the two people who could communicate and were in charge.

I happily laid on the floor next to Cleo. I took some comfort in being so close to the large cat. As soon as she got herself comfortable on the ground, I made sure to place my body right next to hers, feeling the warm, natural heat that came off her body. Cleo found some comfort in placing herself on the opposite side of the window, allowing the rays of sun to highlight the shiny material covering her form and warm her body up at the same time..

It was the first time that the dining table had been used since we got here, and it was the first time I had seen Donna eat at a table. She usually just ate in front of the sofa, that was when she didn't have to deal with either me or Cleo. Even when Lauren was at the house, they still sat in front of the TV whenever they ate.

It seemed almost naturally for the two women to pick there to eat. Rita cleared away all the items that were scattered along the wooden piece of furniture before she showed off a wide grin, clearly reminiscing from some memory that came to her from the question she was asked.

"Yeah," she said, placing the items on the floor, "He was one of the first 'pets' I owned. He was a large, young man who was as soft as anything, yet had more strength in him than he knew."

"Wow, I didn't realise there were men within Pet Correction."

"There aren't many. Teddy reminded me so much of a bear, if it wasn't his stature, it was how caring he was towards me. I had a bear outfit especially made for him. This was before Pet Correction really became known, I could have the suits made especially for them. I chose a bear costume for him and Bunbun wouldn't sit still and kept bouncing around the place, so I asked for her to be a bunny. It suits, don't ya think?"

"Yeah, it does. So how long was he with you?"

"Only about eight months, sadly. His sentence was halved for joining the company and he was let go early for good behaviour. He really was a sweetheart, there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of him."

"That's sweet. I had another pet too, Poppy. She wore the white suit that Nala wears now, she was addictive to be around and playful as anything."

"So… you hadn't…done anything with your pets? Nothing at all?"

The woman was straightforward with her question, despite struggling to say the words she wanted to.

"Oh, no! I wouldn't dream about doing anything like that. I didn't think we were allowed at all and I don't want to break the rules."

"Well, it's not about rules. It's about putting your pets first."

"I must admit, the idea of waiting that long for a release is tough. I just thought the girls took care of that themselves when they are removed from the suits."

"That should be the case. But the pets can get around this. I'm sure Nala and Cleo mess around your back any chance they get, but who could blame them? It would drive me crazy being locked in that suit for an entire month without any form of release."

"Oh…"

"I'm willing to bet they give each other 'a release' whenever one of them are freed from the outfit. It's almost impossible for two pets to bring each other to orgasm. I've seen Bunbun hump multiple objects to achieve that, but nothing comes close to human fingers. That's why I decided to intervene."

"Did you do the same with Teddy, was it?"

A huge grin crept along the older woman's face, as if Donna seemed to bring another loving memory to her with just that one sentence.

"I didn't need to, as much, with him, no." She looked down at her feet as she said this, relishing in her thoughts, "The suit took care of most of his 'needs', but I'm not going to lie when I say that I indulged myself more than once.

Donna sounded genuinely confused, "What do you mean?"

"Well, men are different to women. The latex moves around his…'area' more, teasing him each time he crawled around. Whilst Bunbun can crawl around all day without feeling anything, simple movements were enough to push him over the edge."

"Oh… my…" Donna placed her hand over her mouth.

"It was all the time too. I would be taking him for a walk and he would just double-over after a few minutes. Poor guy came everyday, shooting his load inside the suit."

"That's a bit too much information."

"The best bit would be seeing him grow, all the teasing made him super hard and you could just see his package underneath that layer."

"Rita, please?" Donna covered her ears, "I get it, I promise you… I get it!"

The older woman smiled at the level of disgust she caused my owner, although I could hear a soft, humorous tone in Donna's screech. As if she acted like she didn't want to hear it, yet was somewhat enjoying hearing about the struggles of the bear.

"Okay, okay. I'll stop," Rita continued grinning.

The two became silent, only allowing the odd sound of latex stretching to fill the air as one of the pets in the room moved. Cleo steadily moved further into me, at first I thought it was a sign of affection, but soon I realised it was because she was moving with the sunbeam, trying to keep within its warm touch.

"C-can I ask something?" Donna's voice broke the silence.

"Sure thing, Chick!"

"You said you indulged with Teddy? I probably am not going to like the answer, but what do you mean by that?"

"Oh, I fucked him."

Donna spat out the drink she began to sip, allowing the water droplets to cover most of the wooden table, something that caused Rita to laugh her head off. She brought up a napkin and began wiping the parts of her body that Donna seemed to have hit. This commotion caused all the pets in the room to look up, even the sulking bunny brought her attention to the two humans and their loud interaction.

"I'm so sorry!" Donna yelled an apology, covering her mouth at that sudden interaction, "You just caught me by surprise!"

"It's okay, no harm done."

"You actually…"

"Fucked him? Yes, I had sex with Teddy."

"Oh… my…"

"It wasn't often, I think about three times in total."

"But… how?"

"It was easy. Whenever he was…struggling… and I felt in the mood, I just unzipped his crotch area and let him free."

"You kept him in the suit then?"

"Oh yeah. His entire body was still locked, he was still serving his sentence. I just released the part of him that I wanted to use."

"Rita!" Donna wanted to sound shocked, but she couldn't hide the smile that was beginning to grow.

"I know that is against the rules."

"By far!"

"But the poor guy was so helpless and he was kind and sweet. He put up with Bunbun and she was a pain when she wanted to be. He deserved it, a rare treat."

"Wow."

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the bunny retreat back into the position she was in moments before. Taking her attention away from the two humans talking as she went back into her own world.

"Please don't say anything to Pet Correction about it," Rita pleaded, "It was just a treat, and it helped him out in the end."

Donna gave her a soft smile, "Your secret is safe with me. Plus, with everything happening with the company at the moment, that's the least of their worries."

"That's true." Rita seemed to settle down after Donna's comment, "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure. Go ahead."

"Do you think Cleo would want a go?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I sorted out… Nala, was it? This morning, do you think Cleo would want it too?"

I watched as the colour drained from Donna's face, exactly the same expression she gave when Rita took control over me earlier and forced me to orgasm in front of my family. It wasn't something I was against, I didn't care much for the situation of how I came, but I had to admit it was a slightly embarrassing moment.

"Umm… I guess… you could ask her?" Donna seemed reluctant to agree.

I watched as my owner internally fought with herself. It was clear she was disagreeing with the idea, but what Rita said earlier was true. How could she expect her pets to go that long without some form of release? How did the thought never cross her mind that her 'pets' were human beings that needed more stimulation than what came with a monthly unlocking.

She seemed uncomfortable with the idea, yet understanding at the same time.

"Cleo?" Our owner called out.

I looked to my side. Where moments before the black cat was lying next to me, comfortable with the warmth that radiated from my skin. The sight that came to us was much less dignified than we had imagined. Not only did the larger pet move with the beam of sunlight, she positioned herself on her back with her legs wide open, so that her crotch was the first part of her body to warm up.

One arm rested on the ground behind her head, propping it up to a comfortable position, and the other arm was placed on her stomach, almost looking as if she was trying to scratch her belly. It was probably the least dignified position I had seen the pet in.

"Cleo?" Rita chimed in by calling out her name.

The black cat finally lifted her head up, looking up at the two humans behind the two giant orbs on her chest. Her eyes blinked rapidly as she became used to the light, batting away the urge to continue resting.

Donna pointed to Rita numbly, as the older woman moved her chair back, giving enough room for the large beast to join her, "Come here, Baby!" Rita called out, patting her lap energetically.

I watched as Cleo spun herself around, bringing her knees down on the floor and maintaining the typical 'pet' position. Her muscular arms shot out in a 'Y' shape and a quiet, soft moan escaped her bound lips. The cat was stretching, making sure to take her time before joining the older woman on the chair. I wasn't sure if she heard what the two humans were talking about moments before, I didn't know if she knew what was in store for her, but it was clear Cleo was going to savor every moment of this as possible.

After her stretch, she brought her front paws to the ground and began crawling over to the new woman. Her head hung low and her shoulders stayed up, almost looking like a tigress hunting for her prey. Rita seemed to pay no attention to this act and scooped up the pet the moment she got into contact with her. First she picked up both the front paws and laid them out on her leg, then the woman helped get the bottom half of the black cat's body up, resting that on her other leg.

Despite the size of the cat, Rita expressed no struggle in moving her and Cleo seemed to make herself comfortable straight away. Rita then carefully placed her hand on the back of Cleo's hood, with a small amount of force, she brought her nose down to her paws and caused her butt to rise up higher, making no attempts to fight the woman's actions.

It was an odd sight to see, something that made Donna and I glance at each other in disbelief. Cleo was a good friend, but being this obedient wasn't in her nature.

Maybe she knew what was coming? Maybe she was more than happy to play along just to get a form of release? Rita brought her hand down lightly onto Cleo's butt, it was a spank that gained the attention of everyone in the room. The sound of the thick skin compressing violently from the motion echoed in our ears, followed by the latex expanding from the sudden impact.

The black cat tensed herself up, almost jumping back up into the same position she was before, but Rita's hand instantly soothed her back into the more submissive pose. The woman looked at us all with a smile before bringing her full attention to the creature in front of her. I could tell Cleo was slightly uncomfortable, perhaps it was not knowing what she was going to do next. She was partially bracing herself for another hit, whilst the spank wasn't painful; it was the anticipation of what to expect next that put her on edge.

Another hit did not come. Rita's hand rubbed the area soothingly, forming small circles around the tender skin before bringing her hand back up. I could tell the black cat began to enjoy herself, whilst it did not last long, the motions of her hand was enough to calm her down. Rita's hand landed at the top of Cleo's butt before travelling further down. Her digits expertly parted, allowing her index and little finger to explore the outside of her sex, whilst the middle and ring finger explored deeper into her. It was only brushing the outside of the latex, but it was enough to bring the beast a form of pleasure, even the first slightest touch had her pushing her head back up and allowing a moan to escape her sealed lips.

RIta giggled quietly to herself, enjoying the joy she had brought to my friend. I couldn't take my eyes off the actions in front of me, the woman brought her hand back, allowing her fingers to run along the entrance to her sex one more time before she kept her hand firmly in place. She continued with the action of small circles, this time focusing the two fingers on that specific spot, round and round they moved along the thin latex, causing an unbelievable sensation to the person within the suit.

Donna looked away. There was something inside her that didn't fully agree with this level of human/pet contact, so she fled behind her hands, but allowed the new woman to proceed. The two pets that belonged to Rita seemed to take a keen interest. Whilst Cinnamon looked towards the creature being pleasured, Bunbun took herself completely away from her original position and crawled towards the black pet. Her eyes stayed transfixed on the scene in front of her as she enjoyed every second Cleo was under the woman's spell.

I wished I could understand what was going on in that rabbit's head. She was either enjoying seeing the pleasure in front of her, or relished in the sight of the large cat being submissive. Either way, she crawled closer and closer until her nose was almost touching Cleo's, taking in the red-faced woman underneath in every detail.

It wasn't long before Cleo was beginning to lose herself. The entire time her body was gyrating, unable to rest due to Rita's persistent teasing, but she was getting more and more tense as time went on. For a second, I thought she was moving herself so much that she might fall off Rita's lap and fall helplessly on the floor, but she stayed upright, forced to submit to her fingers until she was hit by the temporary release.

The room was filled with the sound of Cleo's excitement. A collection of moans and groans managed to escape the hood, but that was nothing compared to hearing the latex shifting in circles, echoing throughout the room as liquid began to form between Cleo's skin and the material that held her.

It was mesmerizing, watching the collection of tensing up and calming down, her knees buckling and shaking gently, trying its hardest to keep her frame up. Her arms bend inwards, trying to maintain her composure as unimaginable sensations travelled under her skin. Her head repeatedly flew upwards, letting out some kind of sound before she brought her muzzle back down to her wrists.

Over and over this happened. It was the same action again and again, yet it was clear that something was building. All the women in the room felt it, as if it was a clock ticking loudly and everyone was waiting for the alarm to go off.

Rita dug herself in further. I watched as the woman tensed herself, putting more pressure on Cleo's back and keeping her frame down as her fingers travelled further inward, pressing against the latex and trying to hold back the materials resistance. That circular motion started once more, this time hitting the exact spot Cleo needed it to, no longer was the action simply teasing her, it was making sure she reached that goal.

The black cat's long, drawn-out moans seemed to cease, replaced entirely with a selection of short grunts, sounding as if she was holding her breath for long periods of time and only allowing air into her lungs when it was needed. It was coming. She was coming.

Her body gyrated uncontrollably, it was easily the most intense form of pleasure I ever saw the large creature take. Circles. Small, fast, painful, pleasurable circles happened over and over again. It was intense just to watch what she was going through, easily far more extreme than what the woman was like with me earlier.

Not even RIta could hold the black cat down when she pushed herself. Cleo broke free of the hold, lifting her head up as far as it would go, howling into the ceiling as if she was a feral wolf. Her eyes blinked rapidly before they rolled up into her skull entirely. Her paws jumped up and pushed into the womans leg and her feet rolled rapidly as the orgasm covered every inch of her form.

Still, the circles continued. Rita never stopped the motion during this moment. Only finally ceasing after Cleo's form fell back down to her lap. She made sure to make it as intense as possible, milking her engorged clit for all the pleasure it could give.

Donna squeaked as Cleo melted into the woman, exchanging the hands over her eyes for hands over her mouth, but she was unable to look away.

Rita accepted the black cat's new form. Allowing her to rest her head in her hand, for her butt to finally fall down onto her lap and for her to crawl up into a ball entirely. Despite Cleo's large stature, the woman easily accommodated this position on top of her, resting the other hand on her behind. Several coos fell from the woman's lips, trying to ease Cleo as the sensation faded and fell away from her body.

"There, there," she whispered into her ear.

Several small spanks filled the room, once again the sound of skin and latex echoed within the four walls, but this time it was much calmer than before. I didn't notice my mouth was hanging open, I could not look away; even when the event had finished. The aftercare Rita gave was as incredible as the actions we saw moments before, she made sure Cleo was comfortable and rubbed her hand over the cat's hood, allowing the faux ears to bend and snap back as she stroked the creature further into a level of submission.

Cleo gladly took it.

"Bunbun, you're next, Chick," Rita's soft voice travelled over to the resting bunny.

---

It was a beautiful sight. After a long day of getting to know the new members of our family, I had brought myself out of the house for some peace and quiet. The sight of the moon travelling up the horizon caught my attention first. A giant, beaming orb that illuminated the dark clouds of the night, perfectly lighting up the large plot of land that surrounded our new home.

I let out a long sigh, feeling the heat of my breath slowly expelled past the gag and through the small holes in the muzzle. Due to the cold air, steam escaped from the front of my mask, covering my vision partially before it faded into the sky. It was a sigh I needed, to let go of the large amount of information I had processed throughout the day. Getting to know the new members of our family, understanding the (relatively large) differences between Donna and Rita, and realizing what kind of people Bunbun and Cinnamon were behind the masks.

It was a complete contrast to what we were used to. The rather quiet lives me, Donna and Cleo lived were an almost foreign idea for the loud woman and her pets. It was especially noticeable to compare how Donna had been this entire time within the walls of the manor and compared it to how Rita treated the place. Every room in the house had been examined, doors that had been closed since our arrival had opened and stayed open, only keeping closed that 'punishment' room, I shuddered every time it came to mind; so I was more than happy for it to remain sealed to us.

The sigh allowed all the thoughts of the day to temporarily leave my system, my shoulders sagged as I began to feel the early stages of sleep calling for me. I might not be friends with that Bunbun character, but I was more than happy to stay with Cleo. Who knows, when Cinnamon gets used to the suit, she might prefer our company over that feral rabbit?

"I wondered where you got to." A soothing voice came from my left.

Donna made her way out of the back door, smiling at me as she closed it behind her and took a seat next to me on the ground. A selection of goosebumps coated her skin the moment she got into contact with it, but the smile remained; a sight that calmed me further.

She brought her hand up and began massaging the back of my head, pushing her fingers into my scalp to get underneath the layer of latex. The sigh from before came back, this time it was calmer and more like a moan. Donna knew I loved it when she did that, a head scratch was probably one of my favourite forms of massage available to me in this state.

She continued, "They are a strange bunch, aren't they?"

I nodded, she said the sentence with a little bit of humour in her tone, meaning she didn't mean the word 'strange' in any malicious context. I moved my head, trying my hardest to get my owner to scratch a specific itchy spot on the top of my scalp.

"I think we'll get on well. Rita seemed to be a lively character, it's just going to take a while to get used to having another owner in the house with us."

I nodded again, this time I was deeper into the massage. I was loving the sensation on my head too much to really think about what she was saying. However, despite being mentally elsewhere, a figure came into mind. It was the moment she said another owner when the face of the flower shop owner snapped me out of my mood, whilst she was not an 'owner', she was a human who visited our old house often, she was someone else Cleo and I thought of as family.

My hooded head fell forwards, taking her fingers away from me. Before she had the time to adjust her movements, I turned towards her, realising she must have been heartbroken this entire time without having her partner here with us. I wanted to ask her about it, I wanted to see how she was doing without Lauren in our lives, but I immediately remembered about my inability to communicate with Donna, atleast whilst I was locked inside the suit.

"…Hmmmpphhmmmppphh?" was all that came out.

I just said her name. I said the name Lauren, but the gag and the hood did everything to reserve the right to remove my speech. My owner looked at me with a sense of confusion, it was rare for me to try and talk, but she seemed to understand I was talking about a person.

"Who?" She asked, turning her head as if putting her ear closer to me would help her hear better.

"Hmmmpph…" I began to say, but realised it was pointless.

I pointed to her pocket. The bulge in her dress told me that she had her phone on her, whilst I was unable to say her name, I should be able to point to her name in her contacts list. Donna nodded and brought her phone out. The screen turned on, illuminating us both in the darkness. Her thumb touched the contacts icon and…

and…

and…

"Who are you talking about?" Donna asked, her voice as calming as ever.

But… the contacts in her phone weren't in English. A selection of unknown symbols covered the screen. I didn't understand why Donna would change the language on her phone, it was a device that she let us see multiple times, usually looking at pictures of both her and Lauren on their dates. It had been in English before, but why now?

I brought my paws to my eyes and tried my hardest to wipe them. It could be because I'm so tired that the symbols look different. I wiped little circles against my closed lids before opening them back up again. It took a second for the bright screen to come into focus again, but the results were exactly the same as they were before.

But… what?… Why?… My brain was trying to come up with why she would change this. I noticed that Rita's shirt was also random symbols, looking very similar to what was in front of me. Was it some sort of code that only Pet Correction owners knew about?

"Oh! Do you want to talk to your Mom?" She asked another question, her thumb ran down the list of contacts before reaching another undecipherable name under a long list of similar ones.

She tapped her thumb on the screen, making sure I saw what was supposed to be my mother's name in front of me. I looked at the name again and again, I knew her name, her full name, but this wasn't it.

"You know what?" Donna began, sounding more happier as her sentence came along, "You and Cleo have been through a lot this week, I think you both have deserved a nice phone call to someone you love. I can call her now if you want me to?"

I flung my paws around her wrist, inside my bound hands were digging into the soft material underneath. Ofcourse, I would do anything to talk to my mother, but I needed to know what was happening here. Was this a prank? Or was this the beginning of something far worse?

She turned towards me, "Nala? What's the matter?"

I turned my head, shook it, blinked rapidly. I did everything I could think of to reset my vision and be able to read the screen in front of me, all to no avail. This couldn't be a joke, Donna did not have the heart to do something so cruel to me, she loved me too much for that.

So… the other one must be true.

"Nala! Please stop!"

She pleaded with me, but I continued. I had to fight it, I could not stop until what was in front of me became clear… but it never did.

Donna placed the phone on the ground and put both of her palms against my head, stopping my rapid motions. I never let go of her hand, in fact I swore my hands were beginning to push deeper within the mitt, potentially causing some damage to the inside of the suit. I let my head fall into her chest as my vision began to cloud over, a collection of tears began to form in front of my eyes as I came to accept what was happening.

"Nala… can you read it?"

I stayed still.

"Nala? My phone is in English, I've never changed it, can you read what was on it?"

Slowly, painfully slowly, I shook my head.

"…Oh…"

She held me for a while longer, that one word hanging in the air for as long as it took for the heat of her breath to disperse. Her hands were eventually removed from both sides of my hood before she placed her arms around my shoulders, trying to find some way to comfort me in my time of crisis.

Was I alone? Surely, Cleo must be facing the same problems. She had been in this game for much longer than I have. What about Bunbun? Both girls were made into pets long before I even committed the crime that caused me to be here.

I came to accept that I was forgetting about my life before this, that memories I had with my parents had faded into obscurity, that I could no longer remember what my friends looked like… even my own name seemed to have escaped me. But I would have never thought something as simple as being able to read would vanish from my shrinking list of talents. This was more than just forgetting, this felt deliberate, like Pet Correction wanted to remove this part of me and force me further into the idea of being an animal.

The tears began to escape me, easily they fell down my latex mask and dropped off my chin, dancing in the wind before they hit the ground beneath us. Donna remained silent, I felt her arms tighten around me periodically, as if she was fighting with a thought in her mind. Eventually, one hand left me but she remained close with the other. I watched through the tears as she picked up the phone and pressed the screen, before bringing the phone up to her ear.

She waited for a few seconds before opening her mouth, "Oh, hi! Mrs Odette? Yes, it's Donna from Pet Correction. I'm sorry for ringing you so late."

My eyes widened, causing more tears to fall. I could just about hear a quiet voice on the other end, the sound of an older lady talking. My body went numb as my hands began to tremble with the thought that my mother was so close, yet still so far.

"It's lovely to talk to you again," y owner continued, "I'm sorry for the lack of communication recently, you've probably seen the news but we've been dealing with a situation. We have changed address, I promise I'll send you the new one as soon as we're allowed to. "Mrs Odette, the reason I'm calling is because Nala's had a bad day and she could really do with hearing your voice right now. Is it okay if I put the phone up to her ear? She can't talk back as she's still in the suit, but she'll love to hear your voice."

I brought my paws up, practically begging for the phone to be handed to me.

"Yep… yep…" She nodded a few times, "Great, I'll put Nala on now!"

I could feel my heart bumping against my chest. I swear Donna moved in slow motion as she turned her camera around and moved it towards where my ear would be. She kept one arm on my shoulder as I felt the light touch of the device press against the latex. The trembling in my arms had made its way around my entire body, into my stomach, into my legs, soon every inch of me was shaking in place.

"Hello? C-can you make a noise so I know you are there?" The voice was so quiet, most likely due to the layer that covered my ear, but it was the loving voice of my mother on the other end.

"Mmmphhha mmmphhha." I blew hot air out of the mask as I tried my hardest to call out 'Mama'

"Hey baby! I'm so glad to hear you. I really hope you are doing well? I would get your dad, but he went up to bed an hour ago and I wouldn't want to wake him."

I could not stop the tears. It felt amazing hearing my mother's voice, I wished that I could pull her through the phone and bring her here, just to hold her in my arms for a second. As a substitute, I placed my paw against Donna's hand, pushing the phone into my ear further.

I didn't care what my mother spoke about, as long as I could hear her voice at that moment. She spoke about her day, how well my father was doing, the people in our community and how she hopes to see me again soon. As her words filled my brain, I soon began to forget about what was troubling me before, the idea that I was losing the ability to read soon became a distant memory.

…Just like the rest of my past.
