---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Post COVID Recovery
authors:
- selftiedgrrl
tags:
- Sbf
- fpov
- nylons
- rope
- pantygag
- toys
- tape
- blindfold
- hogtie
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-06-08 00:00:00
---

Yes, chicks do watch porn! And I freely admit that my porn watching habit significantly increased when the COVID restrictions hit. And I got some interesting ideas that I wanted to try. Luckily, I was well stocked on items needed for many nights in self bound bliss. Good quality panties were up to the task but I did run low on the sheer nylons that I liked to wear most of the time (support pantyhose and opaques were fine but the sheers would run or rip after a few sessions of hard struggling). When you tie yourself as much as I do, well, my supply ran low quickly.

After the restrictions eased, it was cause for celebration! My BFF and former roommate was coming into town after two and a half years of travel restrictions. OK, technically, COVID is not over, and even when air travel opened up it took forever for the airlines to get their act together enough where we felt comfortable booking flights again.

We were roomies back at university and were perfectly suited for each other, with similar tastes in bondage and self-bondage. After she got married and moved to Toronto, we still visited each other regularly and indulged our passion for bondage (ever see that play “Same Time Next Year”?). Then COVID hit.

I have to think, people who self-tie were well suited for when lockdowns turned everyone into shut-ins. I could self-tie several times a week without having to make up some lame excuse to not go out with friends. And I got some new ideas I wanted to try out (isn’t the internet wonderful?). One video, a Chinese self-bondage video, showed a concept so simple, yet secure, I can’t believe I hadn’t thought of it before.

If you’ve read my other stories, you will know that I am into tight hogties where I have to struggle hard to “earn” my release. Along the way, I subject myself to uncontrollable, even painful, forced orgasms until I achieve my release. As I don’t usually have a safety but still want it tight, I must plan a fail-safe release with a backup plan, then take care to make sure both plans really are fail-safe and take into account any situations that may occur. However, this new idea would be so restrictive, I didn’t want to do it without a safety. So, I shelved the idea for a couple of years.

Forward to tonight; as my Honey is on her way over, I could put my efforts into rendering myself super helpless – making it tight without worrying about if there is enough movement to allow me to struggle towards my release, or what happens if I get lost (easy to do when blindfolded and hogtied).

The day before my Honey arrived, I received a package from her. A pair of well worn, crusty and fragrant panties. I’m trying to decide if this is an invitation or a challenge (not that it really mattered. We both knew what would happen to them).

My Honey will text me after she has landed. We are the same size and she can wear my clothes, so all her luggage fits into one carry-on bag (no waiting). She knows the combo to the lockbox that has my house keys and the alarm code. Taking the Skytrain from the airport will get her here in just over an hour - plenty of time for me to prepare for her arrival.

And VERY prepared I will be for her. Tonight, I decide on a very sheer body stocking. The look is nude, but it feels so luxurious and smooth. Crotchless for easy access. Among the toys, there are nipple clips available, should my Honey decide to use them, but she would have to suck on my nipples (mmmmmm) for a bit to make them stick out enough. This could take about 30 seconds but she usually stretches it out to 15 minutes or more. Finally, I wear snug fitting high heeled pumps. After some enthusiastic struggling, my feet will be clean, but sweaty, leathery smelling, the way my Honey likes them.

For tonight, I’ve chosen a WeVibe, with a remote to adjust the settings. The small end will stimulate my g-spot when the large end sits on my clit. I set the remote aside and will turn it on just before binding my hands. I use padded wrist cuffs tonight, as I anticipate this is going to be very tight and I don’t want it to be painful (discourages struggling as hard) or cutting off circulation. I tie rope around my legs at ankles, knees and thighs. Experience has taught me to tie the knees snug but not too tight as I want to be able to bend my legs to the maximum. Using rope, I tie a body harness around my breasts that runs up behind my neck halter top style five times. This rope will have lots of pressure on it, so more is better. Then I take a length of rope that has a loop on one end. l run this rope to my ankle ropes and loosely run it under the rope behind my neck. I loop it back down to the ankles and back up a few more times before I feed one end through the loop at the other end, leaving it loose for now.

I tape my eyes shut with black duct tape. I then tie a pair of opaque tights around my head, over my eyes for total blackness. Conveniently, bodystocking has a hood attached. I pull the nylon hood over my head (over the blindfold, ensuring I cannot rub them blindfold off), I stuffed my Honey’s worn and fragrant panties in my mouth, pushed in deeply by a penis gag. Pushing the phallus in pulls the nylon on my lips tightly onto the penis as it pushes my tongue down and the panties to the back of my mouth. I love this feeling on my lips. The nylon hood makes sure my panties don’t go down my throat, no matter how far my panties are pushed back there. The drool started flowing as soon as the nylon touched my tongue. It didn’t take long for the crusty dry panties to moisten. I swear I could “smell” her juices through my mouth! I think to myself, “These were worn more than just one day!”

As I said, this concept is so simple, I don’t know why I hadn’t thought of it before in my over-twenty years of self-tying. I’ve stacked the cushions from my couch on the floor. Now gagged, blindfolded and legs tied, I position myself on the cushions so my shoulders are on one pile and my knees are on another, with my tummy touching the floor, forming a nicely arched back. I take the slack out of the rope going from my ankles to the back of my neck, pulling hard to pull my ankles closer to my head. I try to arch as much as I can, and each time, I pull just a bit more. When I am satisfied that I cannot get anymore arch into my back, I make a loop as far up as I can on this rope and slip on a carabiner.

Because this rope is looped several times, I don’t have to keep a lot of tension on this rope to keep it tight and I can do this with one hand behind my back (literally). The other hand searches for the remote for my vibe and turns it on. I keep it on the lowest setting, hoping not to cum, but be so hot-and-ready for when my Honey finds me (I’m already dripping wet down there). I ditch the remote and slip the rings on my wrist cuffs together into the carabiner.

I’m feeling really good about this! I’ve kept this very nice back arch, quite helpless and at this time, I think my hands are quite secure. I really don’t think I could reach up and unhook the carabiner from the looped rope at this point.

I slide myself off of the cushions, trying really hard not to fall onto my side. I do my best struggling when I’m on my tummy and don't want to get stuck on my side. Success! I was able to keep “tummy side down” in my hogtie and I am ecstatic! My back maintained its arch, loosening just minimally as it pulled my hands up higher. Where my hands were at the bottom of my shoulder blades, now, they were about mid-shoulder blades (reverse prayer style). There was no way I could pull them lower. And my knees are still off the ground! The only motion afforded me was to rock forward and back – not going anywhere (I did try!).

Totally helpless in a reverse prayer hogtie, blindfolded, fragrant panties pushed to the back of my mouth, ability to struggle was minimal. Hearing my muffled gag sounds actually turned me on. I discovered that when I rocked forward and back, with great effort, I could press my crotch into the ground (couldn’t call it grinding), stimulating my clit. So much for holding out until my Honey arrived. I got hit with a few hard ones all in a row. I hope you all have experienced intense orgasms (the type that make you shudder and shake) when not able to move. My gagged sounds turned moans of anticipation into grunts. And I couldn’t stop it (not that I wanted to). When my brain was clear enough to actually have thoughts, I had to resign myself to the reality that I was in this position until my Honey arrived.

Then it just gets better!
