---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/hotlipsspiralintosubmission.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Hot Lips Spiral into Submission
authors:
- Master V
tags:
- M/f
- lingerie
- bond
- handcuffs
- rope
- bdsm
- crop
- tease
- torment
- denial
- sex
- climax
- tv-series
- cons
- X
date: 2013-12-11 00:00:00
---

Margaret was pissed. Colonel Potter knew about the inspection that would be coming in 2 days for two weeks and just informed her of it late last night. She spent half the night preparing the duty roster to get everything in order and today spent most of the day assigning tasks and supervising her nurses’ work until they were performing their tasks up to the level that would get the unit ready for the inspection. It was bad enough that she had limited time to get ready, but first thing this morning Scully arrived on a 24 hour leave that was to be a great stress reliever. ;) Now she only had a few hours to spend with him. She had worn her frilliest bra and panties under her uniform to try to keep her mood in a playful state, but right now it was not helping.

Margaret went to the Officer’s Club to see if Scully was ready and she found him having a drink with BJ and Hawkeye. She calmed herself as much as she could and told him to meet her in her tent in 15 minutes. Scully readily agreed eagerly looking forward to getting into her khakis again. He hoped he liked the surprise he brought with him.

After finishing his drink, he left the O Club for Margaret’s tent. He ran into Colonel Potter going in for a drink himself.

“Scully, care to have a cold one?” Potter asked.

“No thanks, Colonel. I am going to get me a hot one, if you know what I mean.” Scully replied.

“Thank God, she has been needing a good ride for a while. See what you can do to calm that filly down for us, would you?”

“I guarantee you‘ll have a much nicer head nurse after I am through with her.”

“Good! Better get to it. I am going to try to relax here for a while. She really ticked me off today.”

Scully got to Margaret’s door and walked in without knocking. Margaret was just getting calmed down when he came in. “Don’t you know how to knock?” she demanded?

“Slow down, Margaret. I only have a short time. There is word of a Chinese offensive that might force me to go back early. I just want to spend as much time as possible with you.”

“Ok, ok. I have just had a rough 24 hours.”

“Colonel Potter says it has been more like a month.”

“He said what?!? How dare he! I should go over there right now and… “

“Wait a minute! I just told you I have limited time. Do you want to yell at Potter or spend it with me?”

“All right, Potter can wait. What do you think of this?” Margaret asked as she dropped the robe she was wearing, revealing her silk lingerie.

“Wow! You look great! I have a surprise for you, too.”

“What is it?”

“Just put your back against the tent pole with your arms behind your back.”

Margaret did as Scully requested. She felt something metal on her wrists and heard a ratcheting sound.

“What is that?”

“I got them from an MP friend of mine. They are military issue handcuffs. How do they feel?”

“Ok, I guess, but why did you cuff me here?”

“That isn’t all. I have a length of rope here too.” Scully quickly tied her ankles to the tent pole rendering her helpless.

“What now?” Margaret asked while testing her range of movement.

“Now I will borrow a couple of things I know you have in your closet.” Scully pulled out Margaret’s riding crop and a silk scarf.

“What are you going to do with those?” she asked, looking apprehensive.

“The scarf is for being nice to you.” Scully ran it along her cheek, then down her neck and over her breasts. After spending a few minutes there, he started lower moving down her belly and avoiding her moistening pussy, went down her left leg, slowly caressing her left foot before moving to the right foot and slowly working his way up her right leg. Just as he got near the top of her thigh, he stopped.

Margaret’s eyes sprang open at the lack of sensation. It had felt so good and relaxing, not to mention arousing. She could feel the dampness forming in her panties. “Why the hell did you stop? I was enjoying that!”

Smack! The riding crop struck Margaret on her right hip. Hard. “Owww! That Hurt!” she complained.

“Well, that is because the crop for being not so nice. If you want nice again, you better change your tone.”

“Who do you think you are talking to? Not only are you a guest in my tent, but I outrank y..”

Smack! Crack! The crop landed above each breast, just above the nipple. “Ieeeee!” Margaret shrieked.

“You are mistaken about who is in charge here. I did not come here to get yelled at. I came to offer pleasure. Now if you would rather have pain, I can accommodate that as well. What do you say?”

“I’m sorry,” Margaret replied, eyeing the crop warily. “I guess I just wanted you to keep pleasuring me and when you stopped I thought you were done.”

“Apology accepted. You know, the crop isn’t ALL bad. It can be used in a nicer way too. Allow me to demonstrate.” Scully proceeded to tap each of her nipples over and over in rapid succession. Margaret’s breathing became irregular as he kept changing the intensity of the blows from almost a caress to a firmer tap that sent shivers down her spine. After 10 minutes she was panting heavily and her panties were almost dripping.

When Scully stopped, she gave him a lustful, longing look that would have aroused even a comatose man back to consciousness. Scully decided a change was necessary, so he untied her ankles, removed her panties, and retied them far apart. One was tied to the stove and the other to the corner post of the tent spreading her wide. “Let see what else we can have fun with.” as he began cropping the inside of her thighs.

Margaret moaned as the crop crept closer and closer to her soaking wet pussy. When he finally made contact, Margaret exploded in orgasm. Scully cropped her pussy harder with each stroke until the orgasm subsided. He dropped his trousers and with a bit of maneuvering shoved his cock deep inside her. As spent as she was, Margaret could not stop herself from building to another powerful orgasm. As her body shook, Scully climaxed and let out a guttural roar. When he finished, Scully sat down to recover for a minute. Just then, Radar knocked on the door.

“What is it?” Scully yelled.

“Sergeant Scully? Finally! I have been looking all over for you. There is a jeep here to take you back to your unit. The Chinese have been spotted it the vicinity of your company and your leave has been cancelled.”

“Ok, Thanks, Radar.”

Margaret was hanging by the cuffs and ropes, completely exhausted covered in sweat and thoroughly satisfied. Scully rushed to get back in uniform and when done, put the key to the handcuffs in Margaret’s hand. “I gotta get going. I will get the handcuffs next time I am back this way. Thanks for a great time.” And with that he rushed out the door.

Margaret tried to mumble something like “Wait…. More.” But he was gone. After a few minutes, she groggily decided she should get loose and maybe grab a nice hot shower. She moved the key around in her hand to position it in the lock, but all the sweat from her orgasms made her hands slippery.

“No!” she cried suddenly very much alert as the key fell to the ground. “What am I going to do now?” she wondered.

**If you liked this, please let me know and part 2 will be forthcumming.**

**Any criticisms are welcome too.**
