---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Davinia
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- bond
- slave
- training
- naked
- oral
- gag
- cuffs
- buttplug
- flogger
- reluct
- XX
date: 2021-03-28 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 3 (part 2) - A Harsh Mistress Indeed

The bright sunlight streamed into the Dayroom as Davinia knelt naked in front of Lady Samantha, who was seated on her wooden throne. Davinia was collared and wearing her bondage bracelets as usual. Lady Samantha was wearing a black latex dress that hugged her feminine figure perfectly!

“Well, Davinia, I’ve been waiting for this moment for a very long time. Ever since I saw you on TV leading that protest march I knew that one day you’d wear Sir Ian’s collar; and I was right!”

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia replied.

“Not the haughty girl you were before?” asked Lady Samantha.

“No, Mistress.”

“Being naked and punished has changed you into a different sort of girl, hasn’t it?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I suppose that your companion Erin has been telling you that I’m a harsh bitch, hasn’t she? Don’t lie, Davinia, else you’ll both pay a price for your covering up for her.”

“Yes, Mistress. Erin has said that you’re a harsh Mistress who enjoys inflicting pain on naked girls.”

“Did she tell you how she came to that conclusion?” Lady Samantha demanded.

“No, Mistress.”

“That was because Erin was very resistant to the idea of eating pussy. For whatever reason, the idea of having sex with another woman repelled her. So I had to teach her using the tools at my disposal: the cane; the crop; the whip; and the flogger! Now she could have avoided quite a bit of discomfort had she co-operated with her training; but she resisted instead. That’s why she’s told you that I’m a harsh Dominatrix.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“After your first session, did you eat Erin’s pussy?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Had you ever done so before?”

“No, Mistress.”

“Then why did you?’

“Because Erin told me that as a slave girl, I would have to serve both men and women; that I should learn how to please regardless of how I felt about it; and that I was property.”

“Was there another reason? That maybe you’ve been attracted to women secretly all your life; and your captivity has finally given you the opportunity to make love to a woman?”

“Yes, Mistress. I’ve always wondered what it must be like to make love to a woman; and it just felt so good when she ate my pussy and made me come.”

“Excellent, Davinia! You can be punished for lying, but rewarded for telling the truth.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Would you like to eat my pussy?” Lady Samantha asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia answered.

Lady Samantha pulled the latex dress up her thighs, and she exposed her sex to Davinia, who knelt in from of her like a rapt student.

“I can dispense pain as well as pleasure, Davinia. All you have to do is earn your place as a valued slave girl, and captivity can be very nice indeed!”

“Yes, Mistress, I understand,” said Davinia.

“Before you can pleasure me, I have to train you. That means doing things to you that you would never have conceived possible before.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“You’ve already been whipped, and cropped, and you’ve had the dildo in your sex for hours. How did you feel about all of these things?”

“I hated them at first, but I realized that they were all part of my slavery.”

“Very good, Davinia. I see that you’re a willing student. You realize that there is no escape?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“That being trained is your best choice?” questioned Lady Samantha.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good. Then I don’t want any trouble from you from now on. I’m going to do the most unspeakable things to you, my dear.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia answered.

“Good, now I expect that you’re going to learn to obey all of my commands from now, since to disobey is going to be very painful. I want you to stand up and separate your legs, opening your sex to me, and place your hands behind your back.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia got to her feet, glad that she no longer had to kneel, and assumed the position that Lady Samantha had ordered.

“Very good, Davinia,” complimented Lady Samantha.

“Thank you, Mistress.”

Lady Samantha got to her feet, and pulled down the black latex dress that she was wearing, covering up her pussy that she had offered to Davinia. She walked carefully over to Davinia, as she was perched on four inch matching black high heels.

“Being a girl is both a blessing and a curse,” began Lady Samantha, “a blessing for me since I’m a Domme, and a curse for you since you’re going to be a slave. Being a girl means you have three holes that are going to be used, your lovely breasts, and your shapely bottom.”

Davinia stood silent as Lady Samantha catalogued her feminine attributes.

Lady Samantha reached forward and began to fondle both of Davinia’s breasts, kneading her female flesh, and pinching her nipples.

“There is an entire industry devoted to providing toys for tormenting naked girls. Everything on that rack was bought in London, or made to special order.”

“Owwww!” Davinia cried when her nipple was pinched.

“Perhaps you would like to try a nipple clamp?”

“Whatever my Mistress desires,” Davinia answered.

“I like a girl with a sense of adventure.”

Lady Samantha clicked her heels over to the rack, and soon returned with two clamps in her right hand! She displayed them to Davinia so she could see them clearly.

“These are nipple clamps for your breasts. They will hurt going on, and they’ll hurt even more coming off.”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Davinia was already sexually excited by the electric atmosphere of the Dayroom. Her nipples were already erect from the pinching that they had already received!

“Owwwwww!” Davinia cried when the first clamp was tightened on her bud, and she repeated her cry when the second was applied.

“These are what I like to call training clamps. Their business end is sheathed in soft plastic. I have others, alligator clips, that aren’t quite so nice, with sharp teeth instead,” Lady Samantha explained.

“Yes……Yes, Mistress,” Davinia stuttered.

“Are you wet?” demanded Lady Samantha.

“I’m not sure, Mistress,” Davinia admitted.

“At least you’re honest. You may not enjoy being in bondage and being punished, but the object of training is to accustom you to both. Once you’ve been trained, even the mere thought of being used in some manner will get you wet between your legs.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Oh!” Davinia exclaimed when Lady Samantha placed her right hand over her sex and began to massage her pussy!

“I want you to remember from now on that your body belongs to Sir Ian, and by extension to me, and that we can do ANYTHING that we desire. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“That’s why you’re going to be tattooed and ringed to show that you belong to him, and your nakedness and the rings will remind you that you’re a slave.”

“I understand, Mistress.”

“Good!”

“Oh!”

Lady Samantha inserted her index and forefinger into Davinia’s wet sex, and began to thrust again and again!

“Did you own a vibrator, Davinia? Most girls do.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“How often did you use it?”

“Two or three times a week, also on days when I was lonely and frustrated at work,” Davinia answered, “Mistress.”

“From now on you’ve got to earn the right to come, Davinia, by pleasing your Master, or by enduring his torments. Else you’ll be locked in a chastity belt with your hands cuffed behind your back. Just because you’ll be naked in a jail cell doesn’t give you the right to pleasure yourself all day long.”

“Yes, Mistress, I understand.”

“Good. I like a willing pupil.”

“Oh!” moaned Davinia as Lady Samantha withdrew her wet fingers from her sex.

“Clean them!”

Lady Samantha stuck her fingers into Davinia’s mouth, wet with her juices, and Davinia did as she was instructed.

“Mmmmmmmm!” Davinia moaned as she completed her task.

“You may lower your arms and clasp them behind your back,” Lady Samantha ordered when she had removed her fingers from Davinia’s mouth.

“Thank you, Mistress,” Davinia replied.

Again, Davinia’s breasts were fondled by Lady Samantha. She stood rock still as her female anatomy was violated by Lady Samantha.

“This is going to hurt,” said Lady Samantha as she removed the clamp from Davinia’s right nipple.

“Owwwwww!” cried Davinia, “Owwwwww!”

“I can also put clamps on your pussy, but we’ll do that another day,” calmly described Lady Samantha.

Both of Davinia’s nipples hurt when the clamps were removed, throbbing when blood flow was restored. Davinia wondered what the clamps would feel like with metal teeth biting into her nipples!

“Would you care to try something else?” asked Lady Samantha.

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia answered.

“Have you ever been gagged?”

“No, Mistress, never.”

“Have you ever fantasized about being gagged?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Good, I want you to walk over to the rack and select a ball gag, and you’ll wear it for a while.”

“Yes, Lady Samantha.”

Davinia had no idea what a ball gag was, but when walked over to the wall rack and saw a leather strap with a red rubber ball at its center, Davinia guessed this was what Lady Samantha had been referring to!

She walked back to Lady Samantha, curtsied, and offered her the ball gag!

“Very good, Davinia!”

“Thank you, Mistress!”

“Now turn around, my dear, I’m going to make you helpless.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

Davinia stood silently as her wrists were linked together. She again pulled without effect as leather and steel deprived her of the use of her arms!

“Open wide!”

Davinia opened her mouth, and Lady Samantha drew the ball into her mouth from behind, closing the roller buckle to hold the gag within!

“Try and talk,” taunted Lady Samantha.

“Mmmmmmmmph!” Davinia grunted, unable to speak!

“Perfect!” said Lady Samantha.

With her hands cuffed behind her back and the ball secured in her mouth, Davinia had discovered a new realm of helplessness! The gag removed any way that she might protest her treatment, whatever that might be!

“Would you like to look at yourself?” asked Lady Samantha.

Davinia nodded her assent.

Lady Samantha led her over to a mirror, and Davinia admired herself - naked, gagged, and bound!

“Do you feel more - feminine?” asked Lady Samantha.

Davinia nodded again.

“Good, because from now on, your life will revolve around sex.”

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

“Have you ever had a man up your bottom?” Lady Samantha asked.

Davinia shook her head from side to side.

“From now on, all of your holes are going to be used by your Master - or Mistress! So I’ll introduce you to anal sex by putting a butt plug up your bottom!”

“Mmmmmmmph!” Davinia moaned.

Was this what her new life was going to become?

“There now, dear. You have a long and unfamiliar road to travel, and Sir Ian has given me the job of introducing you to it. There will be many new and different things you’ll have to learn and get used to, but once trained, you’ll regard your new role as a slave girl perfectly normal!”

Once again, Davinia had the strange feeling of Alice in Wonderland! She fully expected the Mad Hatter to make an appearance soon!

“I’m not going to place a butt plug up your rear hole today, that will have to wait. What I want to introduce you to today will be the flogger, since you’ve already been whipped and cropped.”

“Mmmmmmmmph!” Davinia grunted.

“And if you perform well under the flogger, you can eat my pussy, as a reward! I’ll also train you to satisfy another woman, which is a skill you’ll have to learn. Sir Ian is highly regarded in our organization for producing high quality slave girls, and we have to keep up his reputation!” said Lady Samantha gleefully.

“Mmmmmmmmph!” Davinia moaned as her fate was revealed to her.

“Alas, I’ll have to hang you from the ceiling myself since Yvette is busy right now. The work of a Dominatrix is never done!” laughed Lady Samantha.

---

Davinia now hung again, naked, from the ceiling chain, her wrists and ankles spread apart, in the shape of an “X”. Her toes struggled to find a purchase on the floor, and her body was taut and exposed!

Her gag had been removed, and Davinia knew that she would have it in her mouth again sometime. But for now, Lady Samantha had other ideas for her.

“How lovely you look, my dear!” complimented Lady Samantha.

“Thank you, Mistress.”

Lady Samantha stood in front of her naked captive, wearing her latex dress and matching high heels. Plus the flogger she was now holding menacingly in her latex gloved hands!

“Do you know what a flogger is, Davinia?”

“No, Mistress,” Davinia answered.

“It’s a bundle of latex or leather strands bound together. Some can be quite soft, but those are for show only, and they don’t mark. Now this is a real one, with leather strands, and there’s a knot at the end of each strand, which has been soaked in water. So it’ll mark and hurt!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“I see you’re eager to get started! Such a good girl!” said Lady Samantha, “now kiss the flogger, Davinia!”

“Thank you Mistress for the punishment that I am about to receive,” said Davinia as she did as she was told.

Slap! Slap! Slap!

The many strands of the flogger were soon in motion, striking Davinia’s naked body. Lady Samantha had decided to begin with her exposed breasts, and the flogger stung with every stroke!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Davinia felt the sharp impact as the knots at the end of every strand found their way onto her exposed flesh. Lady Samantha continued flogging Davinia without pause or mercy!

“Owwwwww!” Davinia cried after a harsh stroke landed between her open and exposed thighs!

“You may scream if you must, Davinia. It’s all part of your training. One day you’ll be able to be punished while gagged.”

Slap! Slap! Slap!

The whip was composed of only one leather strand, but the flogger had many - all of which stung!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

“Owwwwww!”

“That’s good dear, you’re doing just fine!” Lady Samantha complimented her captive.

Davinia did not feel “fine” as her naked female flesh was under assault from the flogger!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Lady Samantha would deliver a series of strokes to one part of her naked body, then move onto another part of her body that had not as yet been flogged! Worse, Davinia knew that her strokes were gradually getting harder!

“Are you wet, Davinia?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Davinia felt that her own body was betraying her now! The punishment that she was receiving was making her sexually excited!

For a moment, her punishment stopped and Lady Samantha plunged her index and forefinger into Davinia’s wet sex! She thrust inside a few times, then withdrew her digits and placed them at Davinia’s mouth. Davinia immediately began to suck and clean her secretions from them!

“That’s very good, Davinia. Your response to discipline must be automatic. If you’re punished, you must be wet! If you see a cock or pussy, you’ve got to service it! If you’re told, you must open your legs and let your Master into whatever of your holes he desires. Do you understand?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia answered when her task was complete.

“Your body is a vessel for your Master’s pleasure; and he may do with it what and when he pleases.”

“Yes, Mistress,” said Davinia.

“Good, just so you understand your position as a slave girl.”

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Tears again fell from Davinia’s eyes as the relentless punishment of her naked and exposed body continued! Her tears fell from her cheeks onto her breasts, which now bore the marks of her flogging!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Her bottom now came under scrutiny, and the deadly strands of the flogger soon found their way between her legs onto her pussy!

“Owwwwww!” Davinia screamed in pain.

“Soon your pussy will be shaved, Davinia, and you’ll be completely bare. You’ll feel like such a brazen tart you’ll come to enjoy it!”

Slap! Slap! Slap!

This was now a whole new level of agony that she had not experienced before! Davinia screamed and screamed, and all that did was to make Lady Samantha beat her all the harder!

“Owwwwwwww!” Davinia screamed, her voice echoing off the wooden paneling of the Dayroom.

“Did you scream as much outside Sir Ian’s London Headquarters, Davinia?” taunted Lady Samantha.

“No, Mistress. Please stop flogging me!” Davinia begged.

“But you know that your training is just getting started, Davinia!” Lady Samantha protested.

It all seemed so natural and made perfect sense that Davinia should be hung naked from the ceiling and flogged! Where was the Mad Hatter?

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Sweat poured from her armpits, and ran down her flanks, even between her opened legs! Meantime, the flogging continued!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Was there to be no end to Davinia’s misery? She had thought that Lady Samantha would give her a few strokes with the flogger; then allow Davinia between her legs to satisfy her. But it now appeared that Davinia must be punished first!

Davinia hung in her chains; her nails digging into her palms! Was it so long ago that she had turned that nice bloke down when he asked to sleep with her? She had never seen him again, as he had probably found a girlfriend he could relate to!

Had she slept with him, would she have gone to Africa alone by herself? Or would he have stopped her, and she would still be in London?

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Just when it seemed that Davinia might pass out, her agony suddenly stopped! Lady Samantha stood in front of her and offered Davinia the flogger’s handle.

“Thank you, Mistress,” said Davinia as she rushed to kiss the leather handle placed before her lips.

Davinia knew that if she did not kiss the handle, her agony would have certainly begun again!

“You see, Davinia, flesh is quite strong! Now if we’d kept that same discipline, we’d still have the Empire!” Lady Samantha declared.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Now what they should have done during the Days of Empire was to send girls to Public School; just like boys, to educate them and give them a taste of the rod, instead of keeping them at home. We should have sent the lower classes to school as well, then send them into the Army; Navy; and Colonial Service. Then we would have had a truly Grand Empire. Don’t you agree, Davinia?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Was Lady Samantha the Red Queen?

Davinia was truly thankful when Lady Samantha activated the motor that lowered the ceiling chain. At first, her knees nearly buckled after having been suspended and flogged for so long!

She stood in silence as the spreader bar was released from the ceiling chain; and then her wrists and ankles were unlocked from the bars that had held them apart during her ordeal!

Lady Samantha made her walk to the wall rack and place them back where they had been before! Then there was an awkward pause: what would happen next?

“Do you still want my pussy?” asked Lady Samantha.

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia answered eagerly.

“There’s a small suite here that has a bath and a bedroom. I think we should get cleaned up before we make love, don’t you agree?”

“Yes, Mistress,” Davinia replied.

---

Lady Samantha led Davinia through the rooms she was familiar with to what seemed like heaven on Earth! She was released from her collar and bracelets by Lady Samantha; and watched as her tormentor removed her black latex dress. Under the dress her skin was red and covered with sweat, as her exertions had heated her naked body up as well!

They bathed together in a luxurious tub big enough for two; in French Bath Soap that made a rich lather. Davinia was quite happy to be bath girl and bathe her Mistress; soaping her back; breasts and sex! Lady Samantha returned the favor; and they kissed in the soapy water, their bodies tightly held together by passion and their lips glued to each other!

Was this the same woman who had just used the flogger on her until Davinia had nearly passed out? Lady Samantha gently pressed her tongue into Davinia’s mouth, and they remained joined together like that for minutes!

Davinia pressed her naked breast against Lady’s Samantha’s, feeling her curves, her nipple brushing hers.

“We’re going to have a wonderful time together, Davinia.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I’m going to suck your nipples, eat your pussy, and drive your clit wild,” Lady Samantha told Davinia, “but never forget, that you’re a slave. And tomorrow, you’ll be punished again.”

“Yes, Mistress, I understand,” said Davinia.

---

After they had dried themselves off, and done their hair, Lady Samantha led Davinia to the small also luxurious bedroom. Lady Samantha opened a bottle of chilled white wine, and they drank together, two naked women sharing an intimate moment!

Then Lady Samantha lay down on the sheets, and Davinia joined her, their naked skins still scented by the French Bath Soap that they had used so liberally while bathing!

Lady Samantha drew Davinia to her, and they began to kiss tenderly, all the while her hands first exploring Davinia’s breasts and the cleft of her sex!

Davinia reciprocated, Lady Samantha being only the second woman that she had ever made love to! She had never been attracted to women before, but now that she had the chance she would be a willing pupil!

Lady Samantha made Davinia lay on her back, then kissed down her neck to her breasts. Davinia had expected that Lady Samantha would pinch and bite her erect nipples, given that she had clamped them earlier, but instead she showed tenderness!

“Ohhhhhh” Davinia moaned with pleasure as Lady Samantha sucked and played with her buds.

“There’s more to come,” said Lady Samantha.

Davinia enjoyed the sensations as her nipples were sucked and gently pinched, and she didn’t have to be told to open her legs.

Lady Samantha began by tracing the outline of Davinia’s sex with her tongue, driving her to new heights of passion! But when her tongue began to stroke her clitoris, and Lady Samantha began to bite her nubbin, did Davinia moan with excitement.

“Make me come!” begged Davinia, “please!”

“Of course, dear. You certainly earned it today,” replied Lady Samantha, her lips moist with Davinia’s juices!

“Ahhhhhh!” cried Davinia.

Lady Samantha was a skilled lover who soon had Davinia writhing in the throes of Sapphic passion as she stimulated her clit time after time; giving Davinia one orgasm after another!

“Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhh!” Davinia moaned in ecstasy, the memory of the flogging temporarily forgotten!

Davinia was free of the leather and steel bracelets that had become a part of her life. But this freedom was an illusion, earned by a flogging!

Davinia bucked and moaned as she came again and again. Finally, the wave passed, and she came no more, her body spent from Lady Samantha’s lesbian attentions!

Lady Samantha kissed Davinia on her lips, and Davinia tasted her juices on her lover’s lips.

“Thank you, Mistress,” said Davinia.

“You’re welcome, dear. Now you return the favor!”

Davinia began her lovemaking just as Lady Samantha did, except that she tasted her secretions on her lover’s lips! Then, she kissed her way down to Lady Samantha’s already erect nipples, and she kissed and gently bit them playfully. Both breasts received the same loving attention as the other!

She took her time getting down between Lady Samantha’s legs to her pussy. It was then that she felt a tapping on her shoulder blades. Davinia looked up, and saw that Lady Samantha was holding a riding crop!

“Just a teaching tool, Davinia,” said Lady Samantha.

Davinia continued her attentions to Lady Samantha’s sex, and doing just as Erin had taught her, used her tongue on her sex lips, stimulating Lady Samantha. Then she moved inside to the clitoris, and tongued and gently bit the erect nubbin that was at the heart of a woman’s sexuality!

“Ahhhhh!” moaned Lady Samantha.

The tapping of the riding crop on Davinia’s shoulders spurred her on to new levels of passion! She continued servicing Lady Samantha’s moist, wet, eager sex!

Her lips were soon covered with Lady Samantha’s juices, and her efforts were rewarded with moans of passion from her nude female companion!

Davinia put all of her efforts into satisfying Lady Samantha. She did everything that Erin had taught her, and reciprocated all that Lady Samantha had just done!

Lady Samantha moaned and thrashed under her attentions, and Davinia continued to address her clitoris! Samantha came time after time, her body deep in erotic ardor, covered in sweat and passion!

Finally, she had her last orgasm, and drew Davinia again to her, and they lay together on the pillow.

“We’ve made a mess, Davinia,” said Lady Samantha.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Yvette will clean it up in the morning. Let’s get some sleep, darling.”

Davinia was surprised that she wasn’t chained that evening, but she was sure that Lady Samantha had some way to do so. During the night, Davinia awoke and discovered that she was alone by herself. She finished the still cold wine from the bottle in the ice bucket and fell into a dreamless sleep, not knowing what tomorrow would bring!
