---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Taken to Castle Dracula
authors:
- lexi
tags:
- M-f
- F+-f
- MF+-f+
- outdoors
- strip
- public
- electro
- buttplug
- diaper
- gag
- bond
- cuffs
- hood
- kidnap
- majick
- mind-control
- vampire
- monsters
- oral
- anal
- climax
- creampie
- reluct
- nc
- XXX
date: 2025-10-28 00:00:00
---

### CHAPTER 1

ON A COOL summer night in Prague, there's no club more Insta-worthy than NERO in the estimation of Gina Maddis and her fellow travelers. The eight girls have been in Europe for nearly a month now, cutting loose on their summer break. Gina's coming out of the bathroom, fresh off a line, when her eye catches on a young man sitting at the blue-lit bar. He's got dark hair and a cast to his features that suggest he's a local, but something in his eyes and his slight smirk have her curious.

She decides she could use a drink and makes her way to the short-backed barstool next to the guy. She sits with a wry smile and a shimmy meant to draw attention to her bare shoulders and midriff. The guy's smirk broadens into a smile in return, though not one that shows teeth. He gets the attention of one of the bartenders and then glances at Gina. "Pick your poison," he says, his English accented only a bit.

"Tequila sunrise," Gina tells the bartender.

"And a double vodka neat, thanks" the guy says, sliding a couple coins across the bar and returns his attention to Gina. "Here all by yourself, lovely?"

"I'm with my girlfriends," she says, glancing over her shoulder at the dance floor. Most of her compatriots are gyrating wildly to the thumping beat. Allie gives her a small wave from a table near the others.

"Been in Prague much?"

"Once! We come to Europe every summer — this might be our last year though, we're all almost through law school."

"How exciting," he says, maybe a little rote but she's distracted by the delivery of her drink. She'd take a selfie with it but the light here isn't great and she doesn't want to get up. "And your name?"

"Call me Gina. Cheers." He lifts his vodka and tosses it down in a couple gulps as she takes a dainty sip of her sunrise.

"And you may call me Klaus." They make small talk for a short while. Gina isn't paying too much attention to the conversation. The uppers and downers have combined into a bright and beautiful feeling in her core. She doesn't often pick up guys at the club, but this man has something about him. He's not exactly handsome, but she feels a thrill every time she looks him in the eyes. She is definitely going to sleep with him, she decides.

She finishes her drink and leans in close. "They've got locking restrooms here," she suggests daringly.

He gives her a tight smile. "I'm afraid I'm a bit of a neat freak. I do have a car nearby, however." He fixes his gaze into her eyes. "Let's go now."

Gina, awash in a fluttering feeling of warmth, follows him out the front doors of the club like a puppy. The chill of the night wakes her up a little and she thinks about turning back and making sure her friends know where she's going — but then Klaus puts his hands on her shoulders and stares into her eyes again. After a long moment, he leans in and kisses her, heedless of the looks from the bouncer and the line of hopeful patrons. "Follow me, Gina," he whispers.

He takes her hand and she feels like she's melting into him. They walk a couple blocks to a sleek black sedan. Klaus opens the trunk and retrieves a large duffel bag. Still holding Gina's hand, he leads her into a narrow alley right next to the car.

He drops the bag and her hand on the asphalt and sits on a metal box of unclear infrastructural function. Gina moves to get in his lap, but he holds up a hand. "Take off your clothes," he commands.

Gina's eyes widen and she glances toward the street, but her eyes are drawn back to Klaus when he repeats himself. "Gina, take off your clothes."

Okay, she rationalizes as she places her clutch purse on another painted metal box opposite the first, the guy has a public sex kink. For a guy like this, she's willing to risk it. She's an American tourist, it's not like they're going to throw her in jail if a cop happens by. Slowly, teasing, she unzips the waistband of her pleated red skirt and tugs it to her ankles, balancing briefly on each of her kitten heels to step out of it without letting it fall on the ground. Then she undoes the buttons of her sleeveless top, white cotton with a turned collar and cropped to above the waist. She takes it off and folds it along with the skirt, placing both beside her clutch. She's left in a lacy white bra and thong, her white pumps with half-inch heels, and a simple dark chain necklace.

"Your underwear too," Klaus says. Though she's mostly fixated on his eyes, she's gratified to notice a tenting of his black jeans despite how tight they are. She takes it off and blushes, kind of thrilled at how exposed she is just a few feet away from a public street.

Klaus takes out an unremarkable smartphone. "Pose for me, Gina," he says. "Feet apart, hands behind your head." His gaze assures her that there's no problem, he won't spread the photos anywhere. She does as he asks and he stands up to capture her likeness from several angles. She can't help but imagine him stroking himself to the images once she's gone, those wonderful eyes landing again and again on her dancer's figure, her long blonde hair so artfully curled, her pert B-cups and her modest prick. She practically drools at the thought as he finishes taking pictures and then types on his phone for a moment. Sending them to someone, she thinks for a moment, but she dismisses the thought. He wouldn't do that.

Then he takes her by the hand again and sits back down, pulling her into his lap facing him. Gina practically purrs at finally being so close to him. He embraces her with one arm and puts his other hand on the back of her head, staring deep into her eyes from inches away. She wishes he'd take his clothes off too, but he just holds her like that for a couple minutes before his phone chimes. She whines when he lets go of her to check it.

His eyes go wide and he gasps, almost seeming enraptured for a moment. "He approves… he approves!" What? He hurries to stand up. Gina's not sure what's going on, but she doesn't care that much. She just wants to get touched by Klaus some more. Instead, he goes for his duffel bag and pulls out a mess of tangled wires. Cursing, he begins sorting the devices out.

"Would you like some help?" Gina asks, bemused, and puts an arm across his back as she leans in. He shakes his head impatiently, and it only takes him a minute to sort his things out. Once he's done, he lightly pushes Gina away from where she's clinging onto him.

"Hold still for me," he says. Gina is delighted to obey, but less so when he rubs something slimy on her nipples.

"What are you doing?"

"This will make the sex more fun," he says flatly. "And it will please me. Hold still." She suppresses a wriggle of pleasure at the response and does her best to keep from moving as he tapes small white pads on her nipples. He repeats the process on her earlobes, the backs of her ankles and knees, her balls, the underside of her shaft, under her chin, her armpits, and, removing her shoes, between her largest toes on each foot. Then he lubes up a sizable plug with a metal band around the widest part, and gently presses it into Gina's asshole. She moans with pleasure and feels like she's going to cum on the spot, but she still does her best to keep still. He also holds up a robust dildo gag, and she opens her mouth to let him put it in. It's got an air hole through the center and a dull metal prong that sticks down and presses into her tongue.

Then he picks up a wide belt of black leather and cinches it around her waist. There's a sturdy plastic box attached to the back with a mess of wires sticking out of it, and Klaus sets to connecting a wire to each of the white electrodes as well as to the conduits on the flared base of the butt plug and the back of the gag. He considers a moment, then nods to himself.

"Okay, Gina, you're doing so good," he says with that twinge of an eastern European accent, looking her in the eye again. "Go ahead and take a piss over there."

A furious blush rises to her cheeks and chest. "You want to watch me piss?" she tries to say around the gag, careful not to let it fall out of her mouth.

"Go on," he encourages.

Head spinning, she walks deeper into the narrow alley and turns to make sure he's watching. Then she empties her bladder on the pavement, taking a step back when the growing puddle threatens to encroach on her white shoe. She looks at Klaus again and he beckons her back over with a finger, then hands her an adult-sized pull-up diaper. "Put this on," he says.

She makes a questioning sound.

"Put it on." He emphasizes the command with another look deep into her eyes. She nods and does it, getting embarrassed and blushing again at the plasticky sounds and the way it fits around her waist, just below the leather belt.

He takes out the last of the items and then spreads the empty duffel on the ground. "Kneel here."

She kneels in the open bag and prepares for him to take his dick out for her to suck. Instead he buckles leather cuffs around her wrists and ankles. The short chains between the four cuffs keep her from straightening her legs and hold her hands behind her back. Then he gathers her hair into a tight bun, pulls a heavy leather hood over her head, and buckles it on, around her neck. It's not a great fit, but it holds the gag in place and blinds her. He lays her down and zips the bag closed around her.

Klaus effortlessly picks up the bag and carries it out of the alley. He pops the trunk of his car and sticks it inside. Then he gets in the driver's seat and, measured, sticking to the speed limit, drives east.

---

GINA IS SO relaxed she almost drifts off to sleep for a little while, lulled by the motion of the car. Then a snap of pain from the electrodes under her chin and at the backs of her knees suddenly brings her into full consciousness. What did Klaus do to her? Another shock bites at her nipples and she screams through the hollow gag.

Suddenly the stupidity of her actions in the last hour hits her all at once. Has she gone totally brain-dead, to go along with all that? No, wait did Klaus put something in her drink to make her pliable? But he never touched her drink. Was he in league with the bartender? But then she thinks of falling into the depths of his eyes and isn't sure.

Her stew of fear and rage is broken only by the periodic shocks. Her sense of time is completely shattered by the sensory deprivation, but she thinks she's getting shocked every thirty seconds to five minutes, not counting the occasional quick succession of two or even three shocks. There's definitely some variation, but she decides to call it an average of two minutes and tries to keep time that way. She reaches a count of thirty or so when one of the rare triple events sends her into a fugue of despair and she loses count. By now the drugs have worn off and she's just thirsty, plus she has a pounding headache. She gives up on dignity and pisses herself, which eases the headache but not the thirst.

What use is it trying to keep time at this point? Even if her two-minute average is accurate at all. She drifts into a really poor approximation of sleep, having cried herself out.

Even through her exhaustion, the shocks always snap her fully awake, but she has no idea how long they drive before the car comes to a stop and the engine shuts off.

The trunk pops open and Gina is carried a short distance before the bag is placed on a carpeted floor and unzipped. When her hood is removed, Gina spits out her gag and recoils at the light, dim as it is.

She doesn't recognize the man before her for a few seconds. His limp, greying hair, his pallid skin, his sunken cheeks, they make her think she's somehow fallen into the hands of some random homeless guy. But the eyes —

"Klaus?" she whispers.

"Oh yes," he hisses, voice as threadbare as his features. "Forgive my poor presentation; I do not have the energy to sustain a proper glamour."

She's not sure what he means, but more important — "Water," she croaks.

He holds up a plastic bottle with a colored drink, cracks the seal to take the cap off, and holds it up to her lips. She downs most of the bottle and sits back, digesting. She considers yelling for help, but it seems unlikely he would have ungagged her if there was anyone nearby. "What did you do to me?" she demands, still hoarse.

"Why, abducted you. Obvious, no?"

"You put something in my drink…"

He shrugs. "Let's get you cleaned up." He leans in and takes the cuffs off her ankles, ignoring her flinch away from him.

They're in a run-down motel room with heavy drapes over the windows. No sound leaks in from outside, and the only light comes from a bedside lamp. Klaus walks her into the bathroom, where there's a strong mildew smell. He pulls off her diaper and trashes it, removes her butt plug, then sits her on the toilet. He stares at her for a moment.

"You can't give me a little privacy?" Gina asks, bitter. Klaus considers, then shakes his head. "Take your time," he says, "but I won't take any risks here."

Gina blushes and scowls. "So what is this anyway? Holding me for ransom?"

He sighs and fishes a remote out of his pocket and fiddles with it. A shock bites at her earlobes and she yelps. "You ask too many questions. Just shit already."

It takes her a long time to do it in front of him, but she does. He stands her up in the shower and uses a washcloth to clean her crotch and ass, careful not to disturb the electrodes taped there. Then he replaces the butt plug and lets her drink some water.

"Can I have some food?" she asks when he's done.

"There's none here. I'll pick some up on the drive tonight."

She doesn't like that. "What drive?"

Instead of answering, he holds up the dildo gag to her mouth. She hesitates, but she knows he can force the issue, so she lets him stick it between her teeth. He puts the hood back on her too, though he leaves her ankles unchained. Then he lies her down in the bathtub and goes to bed.

The shocks resume and she screams through the gag in impotent anger. A moment later an extra-strong shock hits her tongue and nipples. She guesses the scream annoyed Klaus and does her best to seethe in silence.

---

THAT EVENING KLAUS gives Gina more fluids and makes her use the toilet before he puts her back in the duffel bag and they resume their drive. They go all night this time, and their accommodations the next day are much the same. He feeds her gas station snacks and doesn't answer her questions. After more than fifty hours without real sleep, most of it spent restrained, her whole body hurts. The drive on the third night is only a few hours, but the rough roads bounce her around so much she can't even pretend to be asleep. She just wants this to be over.

And soon enough it is. The car comes to a halt and shuts off. This time, when Klaus opens the trunk, he picks up the duffel and simply places it on the ground before unzipping it. He takes the cuffs off Gina's ankles and helps her stand up.

They're still outdoors, she realizes. She feels packed dirt under her bare feet. Though the hood muffles her hearing, she can still make out the wind through the trees. Are they in the woods? Is Klaus going to kill her and bury her in the woods? She's too tired to be very scared. Now that the electrodes are turned off she just wants to lie down.

Klaus puts a hand on her shoulder and walks her away from the car. When they reach a stone stairway, Gina stubs her toe and hops in place a couple times. Still, she guesses it probably means she's not getting murdered and buried here. Yippee.

The stairs are short but steep, leading to a cobblestone area. They cross and Klaus uses a heavy door knocker to announce their presence. It takes a minute, but a loud creak announces the door has opened.

A soft voice speaks and they enter a stone-floored room. Klaus takes a seat, leaving her standing uncomfortably beside him. It's several minutes before he stands up and tugs her a few feet forward.

"Well!" proclaims a woman's imperious voice, "aren't the two of you a mess. Take off that hood and let's have a look at her."

Klaus hurries to do so, unbuckling the hood's collar. Gina blinks as her eyes become adjusted to the light.

"I suppose she'll clean up. It was a long trip for you, yes?" says the woman.

"More than a twenty hour drive, my lady," Klaus replies. "And the nights are so short this time of year."

The room they're in, Gina sees now, is the opulent and cavernous entryway of what can only be a medieval castle. Grand stone archways to each side lead deeper inside. On the upper level of the room, stone construction gives way to wood, and a pair of wide staircases rise to an interior balcony draped in red-limned black banners.

At the foot of one stair stands the woman in charge. She's over six feet tall, with black hair that falls past her waist, glossy and perfectly straight. She wears a full-on evening gown in crimson silk, long gloves in black leather, and high-heeled black boots. For a moment, the red of her eyes puts Gina off — but then she realizes how lovely they are, how much she loves this woman.

"Claudia, why don't you take Klaus to your room? He clearly needs a bite to eat."

"Thank you, my lady, I was in such a hurry to bring you this one I'm afraid I've neglected to feed."

"You're welcome to stay until sunset, and we'll have your, ah, 'thank you' gift ready by then. As well as your equipment," the lady gestures at Gina.

Klaus nods and goes to follow one of the other three women in the room, which is the first Gina notices of them. The one taking Klaus by the hand, Claudia, is tall — not as tall as Gina's new crush, but tall — and lanky, with a curtain of shoulder-length brown hair and a look of distaste over being made to go with Klaus. She's dressed in a skimpy approximation of a French maid outfit that leaves her tits on display, pierced nipples and all. When she leads Klaus up the stairs, her panties are visible under her short skirt even from several paces away.

Another girl, in an identical outfit, is standing to one side, hands clasped before her. She's even shorter than Gina, with a head of curly blonde locks and a smile that reaches her eyes. The third maid's outfit is more traditional, showing cleavage but not nipple and with a skirt and apron to below the knee. Where the other two are around Gina's age, she's probably in her late thirties. Her red hair is cut to chin-length and her figure is fuller than any of the other women in the room. She casts an appraising eye over Gina.

In front of these impeccably-styled women, tits out or not, Gina feels like a smear of grease and sweat. But that's not her fault, is it? She wants to spit out her gag and accuse Klaus of abducting her, but then again that's not a difficult conclusion to draw and they don't seem to have a problem with it. She almost works it out of her mouth regardless, but she thinks it might annoy the lady in red, so she swallows her protests and awaits judgement.

"Ella, you and I will get her cleaned up in my suite," the lady says after a moment. "Ida, you may take your leave; she'll see you tomorrow."

The cheerful blonde trots over to Gina and takes her by the arm, still cuffed behind her back. "Come on, new girl," she chirps, "I bet you'll be glad to get a bath!" Her cheer seems genuine, but she can't hide a nervous undercurrent to her voice or a faint shadow under her eyes.

She takes Gina through the stone archway on the right, where the lady in red has already vanished. Seeing opportunity, Gina pushes the dildo gag out of her mouth, where it falls on the floor.

Ella lets out a squeak and picks it up, taking a rag from her apron pocket and wiping the spit off the floor. She glances at Gina, then sticks the gag in her pocket. "We'll put it back in when we see Lady Alira," she whispers.

Gina's glad she waited until the lady left to spit it out. "Thank you. Um, where actually are we? That Klaus guy kidnapped me and stuck me in the trunk of his car."

"That sort of thing is how most of us ended up here, yeah," says Ella in a strong Norwegian accent. "I don't think I should say where we are, the Sisters like to surprise you a little."

"The sisters?"

Ella hushes Gina and pulls her along through the wide stone hallway, the wires attached to her body swinging back and forth. Large windows and doors face into the castle's central courtyard. It's too dark to see much out there. The hallway ends when they pass into a more enclosed-feeling area with a wooden ceiling. They climb two flights of stairs, Gina panting with the effort. Ella slips the gag back into Gina's mouth and knocks on the heavy wooden door.

"Enter!" Lady Alira is standing barefoot in the doorway leading to a bathroom from the plushly-appointed sitting room that Ella leads Gina into. The lady beckons them into the bathroom. It's quite large, with fixtures all in white marble and dark metal and a floor of smooth stone tiles. Ella surreptitiously wipes her shoes on the carpet before entering.

"Take all those nasty things off her, Ella," the lady coos as she leans over to turn on the taps of the huge bathtub.

Ella pulls Gina into a corner by a vanity and starts by taking her gag back out, then unbuckles the cuffs. Gina shoots her a grateful look and winces, massaging her wrists before helping the fetching maid peel off the electrodes. She pulls down the diaper as well and drops it to the floor with a humiliated glance at Alira.

The lady is sitting on the edge of the tub, watching with an amused look about her. "Give her a quick rub-down with a washcloth, won't you?" she instructs Ella.

Gina pulls the butt plug out too, and Ella helps her take the belt off, wires dangling from it Medusa-like. When she gets a washcloth from a cabinet and dips it in the bathwater, Gina reaches to take it, but Ella shakes her head slightly and darts her eyes at Alira. Gina sighs and lets her scrub at her skin, giving her an efficient once-over.

Lady Alira, meanwhile, shuts off the tap and strips off her clothes. Beneath her crimson gown, she wears a tight red slip with an incorporated bra and black lace trimming. She takes that off too, and her leather gloves, and finally her red-and-black lacework panties. She beckons to Gina once Ella's finished.

Eyes practically bugging out at Alira's ivory-skinned (literally, it would be creepy on anyone who wasn't so drop-dead gorgeous) beauty, Gina hesitates. "Can I, uh..?" she gestures at the toilet. At a nod from the lady, Gina takes a seat and empties her aching bladder.

Then, grimacing shamefully, she flushes and draws closer to the bath. Alira places a hand on Gina's shoulder, looming well over a head taller, and locks eyes with her. Gina's heart is practically bursting out of her chest at this point. Alira smiles and steps into the tub, guiding Gina after her. She sinks into the water, leaning back against the side, and pulls Gina into her lap.

"You too, Ella," says the lady. Ella, looking delighted, quickly undresses and clambers into the tub as well, facing the other two women.

Going from the trunk of Klaus's car to a hot bath with two beautiful women has Gina's head spinning even before factoring in the fact she hasn't slept in days. As Alira begins to comb out her hair and Ella takes a soapy cloth to her feet and legs, she wants nothing more than to fall asleep. But the absurdity of the situation can't be ignored.

"Um, L-Lady Alira?" she tries. "Where are we? What do you… want with me?"

Alira pulls her head backward into her soft bosom; tilting it back enough that she can look down into Gina's eyes. "Never you mind, pet," she says, reassuring. "We can sort all that out tomorrow. Just relax and let us get you nice and pretty — but don't fall asleep yet," she adds when Gina's eyes begin to drift closed. "No time for that before your meeting with the Master."

She holds Gina's gaze for a minute, leaving her disinclined to ask any more questions. Ella and Alira gently and methodically scrub her, rub her, comb her, shave her, and just generally make her feel like a beloved doll. At one point the water gets gross and they drain it and run it anew, while Alira sits on the rim of the tub and holds Gina close, making eye contact the whole time.

When they're about finished, Lady Alira puts a hand on Ella's shoulder to draw her closer and looks into her eyes, petting her with the hand she's not using to pet Gina.

"Ella, dear," she says after a minute, "what is it that has you feeling guilty?"

Ella's smile finally falters. "My lady… I…" she squirms, trying to look away, but Alira takes hold of the ring that pierces one of her nipples and holds her gaze. It only takes her a moment to break. "I'm sorry my lady! The new girl took out her gag on our way up and asked me questions and I answered one! And I put the gag back in without telling you, and not until we reached your rooms!" She's left breathing hard, distressed. "Please forgive me, Lady!"

Alira looks sad. "And you're usually such a good girl, Ella. Now I'll have to have Ida punish the both of you." Ella whimpers. "But I will forgive you if you apologize to poor…" She turns to Gina. "What is your name, dear?"

Gina has been following little of the exchange. "Gina… Regina Maddis."

"I'm sorry Gina!" cries Ella.

"Regina. Prettier that way," corrects Alira. "Now take her in your mouth and apologize properly…"

Alira re-centers Regina in her lap. Tears spilling over her fine-boned cheeks, Ella takes a deep breath and ducks beneath the water. Her lips find Regina's dick as her hands slide between her thighs and Alira's.

Regina gasps at the sudden sensation. She squirms, but Alira stills her with one arm while the other reaches around Regina to thread her fingers into Ella's hair. When Ella tries to come up for air, Alira holds her head beneath the water. The girl's sudden struggles startle a yelp out of Regina, but Alira caresses her chin and locks eyes with her again to calm her down. After several moments, Alira pulls Ella's head out of the water just long enough for her to take a breath, then returns her to her task.

Despite Ella's desperation, she manages after a few more times to get Regina right up to the edge of cumming. Alira doesn't let it happen, pulling Ella away and letting go of her while with her other hand she pinches Regina painfully on the neck.

"Alright, girls, you've had your fun. We'd best prepare Regina to meet the Master now."

They haul Regina out of the bath and proceed to dress her in white: a lace garter belt a couple inches wide with two slender garters in front and a "W" pattern over her butt, thigh-high silk stockings, elbow-length silk gloves, a lace thong, and then a lacy babydoll with spaghetti straps, a plunging neckline, cleverly-concealed underwire, and a skirt that comes to mid- thigh on the sides and back but rises to a point in the middle that comes right up to the bustline, leaving her belly button visible. The two also equip her with pumps not unlike those she was wearing just a couple nights ago, though these have two-inch heels, and with a gauzy veil on her crown, though they leave it hanging over the back of her head, not her face.

Regina has been mutely accepting, feeling as if in a dream, but at this final addition to the all-white outfit she can't help but ask, "Am I getting married or something?"

She means it as a joke, and Alira does smile, but rather unkindly. "It's not entirely unlike marriage," she replies. Then she sticks a rubber ball gag in Regina's mouth and secures the leather strap more tightly than is really necessary.

Leaving Ella to clean up the bathroom, Lady Alira takes Regina by the arm and takes her back into the stone hall that leads back to the castle's entrance. Instead of returning there, however, Alira steps through one of the wide doors that lead into the pitch-dark courtyard.

The moon is absent, and Regina would have no hope of finding her way in the faint light of the stars, but Alira leads the way along the winding paths unerringly. On the other side of the courtyard stands an unornamented stone door. Two figures lurk in the darkness to one side. Regina can't make them out, but they're each as tall as Lady Alira.

"Her name is Regina," Alira announces. "I believe the Master will find her more than acceptable."

"Agreed. Let's get on with it," says one of the others. "Not too long until sunrise now."

Alira grasps the handle on one side of the double doors and pulls it open. She puts her arm around Regina's shoulders and walks her down the unlit staircase the door opens onto. The other two follow behind, pulling the door closed behind them. Regina finds herself shivering terribly — it's colder down here than the night outside. She descends, slow and careful, ensuring her high heels are balanced on each step, and Alira doesn't rush her.

In the pitch-dark room at the bottom one of the other women strikes a match to light an actual torch, filling the air with the smoky scent of pine. No electric lights have been installed here, it seems. Regina glances back at the two new faces and does a double take, saved from tripping only by Alira's hold on her.

"Ah yes," says Alira, "meet my sisters, pet. Marishka and Verona."

Marishka nods in greeting. She's nearly identical to Alira, lithe and slender with straight black hair, though hers is cut to chin length. Her eyes, red like Alira's, hold less of the impishness that her sister so often displays, having more of a mournful look. She's dressed fully in black leather, a bodysuit replete with straps, buckles, braided cords, and other ornamentation. Regina has to assume the inch-long claws at her fingertips are another feature of the suit.

Verona's family resemblance, on the other hand, ends with her eye color and her six-and-a-half-foot height. She's as full-figured and curvy as her sisters are thin, her ample breasts hanging heavy over her wide hips and belly. It's easy to get a sense of her figure because she's entirely nude, though her wavy, honey-blonde hair reaches nearly to her knees, and tattoos with a rose motif snake across her entire body, black stems and stylized red blossoms. Her expression is ice-cold, predatory, scary enough that Regina averts her eyes even though she's filled with the same instant, fascinated infatuation that hit her on first seeing Alira.

The small stone-tiled antechamber is bare but for the chains the three sisters use to restrain Regina. In a matter of seconds her wrists are chained to the ceiling, leaving her unable to bring her hands any lower than her neck. That complete, each of them lights a candle and sets it on the floor at the edges of the room, one behind Regina and one to each side. Alira extinguishes the torch, leaving the room so dim that Regina can only make out vague shapes in the flickering light that remains.

Then Marishka uses one razor-sharp claw to open a long, shallow cut across Regina's lower belly. She gasps through gritted teeth and makes a futile effort to free herself from the larger woman's grasp, but then Marishka cuts her again down each thigh and bicep and across her shoulders.

"N-no, please…" Regina stutters, wincing at the sting.

Marishka, already finished, shakes her head somberly. "One does as one must."

"Besides, you should be happy to begin your new life. No point in mourning what can no longer be," Alira adds with a sage smile.

Verona leans in from behind to whisper in her ear. "Fresh meat," she hisses, "welcome to Castle Dracula."

"Like — vampires?" Regina asks, instantly feeling stupid, but already the sisters are filing back upstairs. "Wait! Wait!" cries Regina, but the door shuts and she's left helpless and alone, shivering in the cold.

Without the three fascinating and drop-dead gorgeous ladies distracting her, Regina finally takes stock of the room's exits: five of them, despite its small size. Each is framed by a simple stone arch; two open onto stairs downward, two onto narrow hallways, and one leads back to the courtyard. She wonders how expansive the subterranean levels of the castle might be, but there's no way to tell from here.

So… vampires, huh? In her sleepless state, ripped from everything familiar, she almost believes it. Then again, the exhaustion and lack of control is nearly as good an explanation for the way she keeps getting struck helpless by the gazes of these powerful women. As for Klaus, maybe he did find some way to drug her after all? But despite her rationality, she finds herself unsure.

Regina's apprehension flips straight into terror at a faint scraping sound coming from below. For a moment she thinks it's an overreaction, but then she hears the sound advancing up one of the staircases. She's gasping for breath, fighting pointlessly to get out of the metal cuffs, when the Master crests the stairs.

One look from his deep red eyes, no pupils or sclera, just crimson gems of innumerable facets, and Regina's breathing slows. In the candlelight, unable to break eye contact, she only gets an impression of the rest of his body. His face is undeniably regal, with a kindly expression and a shock of white-streaked black hair, ageless and perfectly formed. Where his neck should be, though, is a gaping maw with several ribbon-like tongues weaving around as they taste the air. Below that, he's shrouded in black and she can make out very little except that he's taller than even the sisters and moves very strangely.

Just like that, she believes in vampires.

He walks closer and circles around her, seeming pleased. As he moves behind her, he breaks eye contact and the trance eases — only a little, but confronted with this horror it's enough for a scream to rip its way out of her throat. Instantly an arm, scarcely more than bone and leathery skin but very strong, snakes around her neck, a clawed hand clasping over her mouth.

The candles gutter and go out as more arms embrace her, some as human as the first, others more like the segmented legs of some huge insect, more than a dozen in total. His weight rests against her back, mostly, but he's wrapped partially around her like some huge centipede. His chest, or at least the uppermost part of his frontside, is covered with coarse hair or fur, giving way to a long squishy belly slick with some kind of slime. His body has no heat, only that disgusting weight.

With no light to see the monster's eyes, Regina is free to flip the fuck out. It does her no good, of course. The Master's iron grip yields no more than do the iron shackles. She screams again, but the claw across her mouth only tightens. Tongues trace up and down her body, creeping beneath her lingerie, and one bony hand idly gropes between her legs.

"Tell me your name, sweet morsel," he says, his voice soft and honeyed, totally humanlike. His hand retreats from her mouth.

"R… Regina," she manages, her voice shaky.

"Excellent," he murmurs. "A name as beautiful as yourself. I'm so pleased to make you mine." Before she can even start to respond, his human-face mouth finds hers, a hand on the back of her head pushing her into him and the carapaced tip of one insect leg worming its way between her teeth on one side to keep her from biting down. Though the tongue in his mouth is shaped normally, he wields it as intrusively as the rest, shoving it down her throat until she gags. At the same time, a phallus pokes past her g-string at her asshole, sliding in effortlessly slick and then expanding to fill her up. It's textured strangely to the point she's not sure if it's just slimy, or actually made of slime.

As he begins to thrust both his tongue and his cock in and out of her, another tongue winds around one nipple and tugs upward on it, making her pert tit bounce up and down. It keeps doing that on a rhythm while a hand finds her other breast and kneads it, poking it with its nails but not breaking skin. A pair of hands at her belly don't grant her that consideration, slowly adding deep scratches to the cut made by Marishka. Insect legs probe at her dick, armpits, buttocks, and between her fingers; perhaps he enjoys the shudders it provokes.

A cluster of arms pull one of her legs across the bulk of the Master's lower body and then pull her down on his dick, straining her wrists against the cuffs overhead. She ends up in something like a reverse cowgirl position, but with the Master's upper body clinging to her back and wrapping around to put his face against hers.

Having positioned Regina to his liking, the maw beneath the monster's chin extends outward to find Regina's throat. Its teeth are so sharp she hardly feels it when the four sharpest puncture her skin, though she hisses at the sting when they pull out. A tongue laps at the trickling blood.

It's not long before a tremor passes through the monster's body. His orgasm explodes along him from the bottom upward: thick cum fills her asshole as the gelatinous flesh she's sitting on loses integrity for a split second and sucks her a couple inches deeper; hands clench and claws dig into her skin; the ribbon-like tongue each ooze some putrid fluid onto her skin; shockingly, he also cums from the tongue in her mouth, an imperceptible orifice at the end shooting thick fluid down her throat. She pukes, but he's still holding her head against his own, and one of his hands pinches her nose shut, so she spends long moments choking before he releases her and she coughs cum and bile all over herself.

She takes several deep breaths, gagging again at the taste of cum and the acrid scent of the tongues' secretions, before one of the candles flares to life. The Master is holding it near their faces, giving her a close-up view directly into his striking eyes. The tongue at her neck continues to lick up her blood, occasionally worrying at one of the punctures to keep it flowing. Most of his other appendages are quiescent, however, only holding Regina against himself or gently petting her.

Her ragged breathing slows as his eyes burn into hers. Over the course of minutes, her eyes stop tearing up and the violent shivers that have been passing through her body ease away.

Finally he judges her calm enough to speak. "Your taste is exquisite, Regina. I shall have to reward my brides for their selection. Now, listen closely…

"You feel tired, don't you, Regina? Just nod. Yes, you want to sleep. You need to sleep. Do not close your eyes, Regina, just look into mine. You can feel yourself sinking into sleep, a deep sleep. Yes…

"Very good, Regina, you're doing very well. You will be very happy here. It could all be a pleasant dream, Regina, but there are some rules you will always follow.

"First: you will never leave the grounds of my castle for any reason. If you find yourself elsewhere, you must do whatever you can to return.

"Second: you will always obey any order given to you by myself to the best of your power.

"Third: you will never attempt to hurt my brides, the ladies Verona, Alira, and Marishka, except by their explicit order.

"Fourth: you will never hurt yourself unless you have been told to do so, and you will never attempt to kill yourself.

"I can see that you understand and will obey. Very good. Now wake up, because it's not yet sunrise and I am not yet satisfied…"

The Master fucks Regina twice more. She even cums at the end of the first time. By the end of the second, she's trembling, naked, putrid, and out of tears to cry. With a final stroke of her hair, the Master unchains her wrists and drops her to the floor.

"Return above ground," he says. "Be good." Then he scuttles out one of the stone archways.

Regina feels her way up the stairs and pushes the heavy stone door open. A hint of sunrise colors the courtyard garden. A woman is sitting in a wicker chair nearby, sipping tea. Regina recognizes her as Ida, the redhead in the actual, not-that-slutty maid dress.

"Good morning," says Ida. "Let's get you cleaned up, fed, and in bed."

Regina's never heard a more welcome salutation.
