---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Weekend in Latex
authors:
- Catawba
tags:
- F-f
- latex
- liquid-latex
- mummybag
- cons
- X
---

I left work early, hoping that traffic would be light. I wanted to
get home as quickly as possible. I knew that Melissa would be waiting for
me. I've known Melissa since we shared a dorm room in college. When we
first moved in together back then neither of us had a clue that we shared
the same particular fetish. It was several semesters before we opened up
enough to each other to confess and discuss our mutual love of latex.

Now Melissa was a successful reporter in Chicago and I worked here at
the local hospital, some two hundred miles away. Melissa would fly in occasionally
and we'd share the weekend, at least one if not both of us dressed in latex.
Melissa had called me this past Monday and told me she'd be coming in.
She said she had a special surprise for me. I'd been going nuts all week
wondering what it would be. I'd barely been able to keep my mind on the
endless stacks of files crossing my desk. But now it was Friday and I was
on my way home. My nerves were tingling and my heart fluttering with the
excitement of discovering what the surprise was to be.

I pulled into the driveway and threw it in park. I grabbed my purse,
locked the car and dashed up the steps. I opened the door and called out
a greeting. Melissa came through the archway leading to the kitchen with
two glasses of cabernet in her hands. We exchanged pleasantries and sipped
our wine. After about thirty minutes of chatting, I couldn't stand it anymore.
I had to ask. "So what's the big surprise?"

She got up and went to the back of the house, where the guest room is
located. A few moments later she returned with a gift-wrapped box in her
arms. I knew it would contain latex and happily reached out for it. 
"No, no, no!" she chided me mockingly. "It's for you, but I'm going
to do the opening. All you need to do is strip." She smiled wickedly at
me. I quickly complied and tried to wait patiently as she removed the bow
and wrapping paper ever so slowly. The first item she handed me from the
box was a clear plastic drop cloth. I must have looked confused, because
she grinned and instructed me to spread it out on the floor.

Once the drop cloth was down, she handed me a pair of latex leggings
with feet built in. This was getting better! I worked them over each foot
and up each leg, carefully smoothing out the air bubbles as I went. Next
came a long sleeve shirt with mittens built in at the end of each sleeve.
I wriggled into it as quickly as I could, somewhat hampered by the mittens.
Melissa just smiled at my progress. I was now encased in latex from my
neck down. It was wonderful, the smell and feel of the rubber was exquisite.

Melissa ordered me to stand in the middle of the drop cloth and I did
so. I watched as she took several small paint cans from the box. Each looked
to contain about a pint. I wondered what in the world she was up to, but
before I could ask she had opened one and grinned at me and said, "Liquid
latex." Before I could protest, she pulled the waistband of the leggings
away from my body and began to pour the liquid latex down inside them.
She worked her hands over the outside of the leggings, distributing the
liquid latex somewhat evenly inside.

When she felt it was coating my lower legs well she took some rubber
strips from the box and wrapped them tightly just above each knee. She
then poured more of the gooey latex into my leggings, making sure my thighs
were coated well. She removed the strips of rubber from above my knees
and placed them at the tops of my thighs. She opened a new can of liquid
latex and dumped the whole thing in unceremoniously. She rubbed her hands
over my ass and crotch. She knew she was getting me incredibly excited
and was having a blast watching me squirm.

She retrieved a small foam brush from the box and opened another of
the cans. She carefully dipped the brush into the latex and then painted
it on around the outside of the waistband of the leggings. She pulled the
bottom of the shirt over it and smoothed out any air bubbles she found.
She took a roll of black duct tape and wound some around me where the shirt
met the leggings. I shot her a quizzical look and she replied, "So there
aren't any leaks." I knew what she had in mind next. She poured in about
a can and a half of latex down through the neck opening of the shirt. She
worked it down each sleeve and into each mitten as well. Finally, she stood
back to admire her work.

"You told me once that you'd like to spend a weekend encased in latex
from head to toe. I thought I'd see to it that you did." She smiled her
most endearing smile.

"But..." I got no further before she took a faceless hood from the box.
She worked it onto my head, making sure none of my short blond hair was
showing, and then proceed to paint the outside of the hood and my entire
face with the liquid latex. Before it could start to set she pulled another
hood over my head. This one had no eyes, but it did have two nostril tubes
and a mouth tube. I was now truly encased. As the air whistled through
the tubes from my breathing, Melissa led me into the bedroom and laid me
on the bed. I noticed as she laid me down that the liquid latex inside
my outfit was starting to set, binding the leggings, shirt and hood to
my body firmly. It was an incredible sensation.

Melissa climbed in the bed beside me and started rubbing her hands over
my latex covered breasts, exciting me even more. I felt her climb between
my legs and the unmistakeable heat from her mouth as she pressed down over
my latex covered crotch. I moaned. It was about all I could do with the
breathing tube in my mouth. I could make sound, but forming clear words
was out of the question. Soon she had me in a frenzy, but my motions were
somewhat limited by the tight latex bonded to me. I came hard, but even
the sweat I had built up didn't budge the latex from my skin. That's when
it dawned on me. She had said all weekend. I was going to have to eat my
meals like this and inevitably they would have to leave my body. I tensed
up and Melissa must have sensed my apprehension, somehow known what I was
concerned over, because she informed me, "Yes, dear, you are my prisoner
this weekend. All weekend. And yes, that does mean what you think it does."
She laughed at my predicament.

She placed me in a latex mummy bag for the night and zipped it up tight,
my breathing tubes the only thing showing. It took me forever to go to
sleep, but I finally dozed off encased in a latex prison.

Melissa rocked me awake gently and unzipped the bag. She helped me get
untangled from it and rubbed my limbs until the feeling returned in them.
She helped me to stand. Walking proved even more difficult than when I
had been led to the bed the night before, but she managed to get me to
the kitchen and seat me at the table. I was starving, but I also had to
pee terribly. I grunted and tried to point to my crotch with my mittened
hand.

"Too bad, my dear. You'll just have to do what you can and live with
it."

I groaned and let my bladder release its contents. I could feel the
hot liquid travel down my thighs in the spaces that the liquid latex had
missed. Melissa fed me beef broth for breakfast, which I sucked in through
my mouth tube greedily. I was blind and clumsy about it, but I managed
to get most of it in the tube and not on the table. She cleaned up what
mess I made and moved me to the living room and placed me on the couch.
She climbed on top of me and I could feel her mouth pressing against the
sides of the latex hood.

"Too bad you can't kiss me back I'd love to be kissing you on the mouth,"
she purred. 
A wave of desire washed over me, but I was totally helpless to do anything
about it. I just groaned. 
Melissa laughed, "Just think my dear, you get to spend the rest of
today and all day tomorrow like this!"

I knew for a fact it was going to be a long weekend.
