---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Road Trip Tease
authors:
- Torquemaster
tags:
- Sbf
- M-f
- bond
- cuffs
- nipple
- chast
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2006-10-26 00:00:00
---

Jackie and
I had made plans to go to Amish country for the weekend together. We had dated
several times and been intimate. We talked a great deal about our mutual love
for bondage but had only used handcuffs a couple of times. Nothing heavy.

I had
booked a resort hotel in the country. Very beautiful in the fall of the year.
Lots of culture, scenery and a relaxing atmosphere. We were leaving from work
at noon on Thursday. I drove her to work to save the hassle of 2 cars. She
left her quite large and heavy suitcase in my car.

As we departed I reminded
her of my challenge to her. "You will set the mood of the weekend with your
outfit for the trip," I reminded her as I kissed her at the door of her office.

"Don't worry I've got it covered," she replied and we separated.

All morning long
I was very tempted to go out to the car and peek in that huge suitcase of hers
but resisted.

At 1:00 I
picked her up at her office as planned. She came out in the same blazer, skirt
and baggy purse I left her in. I hugged her and could tell she had a full bra
on. Nothing surprising there. I was a bit disappointed. We hit the road for a
4 1/2 hour drive. Nice conversations, some funny lines but nothing erotic for
the first few miles.

"This is going to be a long trip", I said. "Hope you brought
something along to entertain me."

She just gave me a queer look. My heart sank.

After a
half hour we stopped for lunch. She spent a great deal of time in the bathroom
afterward and I started getting excited but when she returned wearing the same
blazer and skirt I sank back into a subdued state.

We hit the
road again. After a few miles she surprised me by taking her blazer off. Under
it she wore a bright red silk blouse. I could immediately see she was no longer
wearing the bra, in fact her nipples stood out very prominently. I was quite
taken by the sight. She then undid the top 3 buttons and put her hand inside
caressing and tweaking each breast. I almost ran off the road. When she
withdrew her hand she pulled out a very long and delicate chain. She wrapped it
around the gearshift knob. "These will be yours in 3 hours lover", she said. I was
in heaven.

"You know what I like!" I replied. I drove a bit faster.

A while
later she asked to stop to go to bathroom. We stopped. She came back looking
the same. Covered again in the blazer. After we hit the road she removed the
blazer and pulled out the chain again. This time she arched up and slid out of
her skirt as well. I was busy driving so I didn't have a great view until she
reached over and handed me a small key. "What is this for?"

She lifted up her
shirt tail and I could see she was wearing a small chastity belt. Held on in the
front by a small gold padlock. "This key is to my pussy. It too will be yours
in 2 hours lover." I accelerated.

There was
no talking as we drove on down the highway. Only sexual tension thick enough to
cut with a knife. Again she asked to go to the bathroom. "Do you need the key?" I
asked.

"It’s your key", she replied.

I let her out of the car but kept it. I
could not help but wonder how she could be doing anything locked up like that.
I didn't really care and I watched her long thighs disappear under the blazer as
she walked out of my sight. I stayed in the car. With the raging hard-on I had
I probably couldn't walk anyway.

Moment
later she was back and I started up the car. This time when she took off the
blazer I immediately saw something shiny and steel about her neck. I love steel
collars my favorite had been my locking neck cuff but now I have a new
favorite. This collar was wide 2-3 inches. A posture collar. Bright chrome
with a very large ring in the front. I could see my reflection in it. I was
hypnotized.

She broke my trance by handing me a rather large padlock. She
turned her back to me and pulled her hair up revealing the steel hasp. "Will you
do me please, I’ll be your slave in 1 hour."

"With pleasure my lady", I replied.
The click of that padlock was so loud I found myself looking at the truck driver
next to us to see if he had heard it. "Where is the key", I asked.

"I’m not sure
if I brought it", replied Jackie. "Is it important?"

"Not anymore", I replied and we
hit the road again.

I was
having problems concentrating. We were near our destination and in some
traffic. I was getting worried about people seeing Jackie and didn't want her
embarrassed. It didn't seem to bother her. I missed a turn off and had to
swerve sharply to make the street I needed. Seconds later I saw red flashing lights
in the mirror. My God now I am going to be stopped by the police. How will I
explain? Will he want me out of the car? Will he see her, what if he wants her
to get out. I grabbed the chain from the floor shift. Jackie yelped. Seconds
turned to hours as the cop approached... and passed me.
Apparently chasing someone more sinister than me.

"That was
close", Jackie said. "I think you had better pay more attention to your driving.
And to make sure I don't distract you I think I had better be restrained."

With
that she reached into that big baggy purse and handed me a pair of handcuffs.
This time I didn't hesitate. I knew just what to do with these and locked her
hands securely behind her back. Adding a bit of creativity of my own I reached
under the seat and got a short piece of rope which I used to pull were cuffed
wrists up close to the back of her steel collar. "You won’t be needing these for
the rest of the weekend lover." And we hit the road again.

Finally we
arrived at our destination. Jackie said, "this is the part I love. You have to
do all the work lover I’m all trussed up."

I locked her in the car went in and
registered. I came back and got her out of the car. Being careful to cover her
up with the blazer and took her to the room. "You going to carry me over the
thresholds lover?"

"No you haven't earned that yet", I said.

I took her
inside, it was a lovely spacious room with a big king size bed in the center. I
removed the cuffs only long enough to strip her completely. It was only then
that I could see her ripe full breasts and swollen nipples trapped in a pair of
tweezer clamps. I could not resist another moment. I took both nipples in my
mouth and sucked long and hard on them. She squealed and rose up on her tip
toes. "I need to save these for later". I tightened the slip rings on the clamps
all the way to the top. She let out a long gasp of air but handled it. I then
took the long chain and threw it over the chandelier pulling it just tight
enough to raise her nipples an inch. She would have to remain very straight
and still to relieve the pressure.

"I have to go back to the car", I said. "Don't
go away."

I was about to leave the room when I looked at her big bag. This time
I could not resist. She was shaking her head no no no as I opened it. I was
amazed at what I found. "You are holding out on me lover", I said.

I took a large
white ballgag and a pocket rocket from the impressive stash she had hidden
there. I forced the ballgag in her mouth and buckled it quite tight. I turned
the pocket rocket on its low setting and slipped it under the front of the
chastity belt. Before I left the room I cranked the air conditioning up to
maximum and opened the curtains. I will be back in 2-3 hours lover.

mmmhhhppphhmhphmhp
was all I heard.

I then
went down to the hotel bar. I ordered a drink and a sandwich. This was going to
be a long weekend and I was going to take my time and enjoy every minute of it.

And I did

You can also see more stories from Torquemaster at <http://www.booklocker.com/books/3777.html>
