---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Pinball Queen
authors:
- Ataraxia
tags:
- M-f
- latex
- statuary
- cons
- X
---

In addition to being lifestyle Rubberists, my
husband, Bob, and I are "restrained" exhibitionists.  We like to wear
all kinds of erotic latex gear and dildoes under street clothes and then
go out to dinner, shopping or other places. We get a thrill knowing that
people can look right at us without being aware that we are being erotically
stimulated.

 We had given each other a small padlock
and a silver neck chain on our wedding night. We would "lock" each other
into some sort of latex garment and keep the key to the other's padlock
on the chain around our necks. Bob could not remove his rubber garments
until I allowed him to, and vice versa. We made beautiful love to each
other for hours this way. It was a lot of fun and didn't hurt anyone.

We had been sitting in the bar, watching the patrons
arrive, drink and then depart into the wintry night for quite a while.
The dildo-equipped catsuit I had been wearing that evening under my tight
spandex body suit, leather vest and jeans was a constant stimulation that
kept me maddeningly horny. I could feel my juices dribbling down my legs,
making the latex slippery. Every movement caused the dildo to slip in or
out of my pussy slightly. Bob had been wearing his catsuit under his street
clothes and was probably just as horny. With his electric penis stimulator
randomly flashing on and off all evening, I'm sure he had been hard the
whole time, too.

A number of young fellows had been excitedly playing
the noisy pinball machine that stood about six feet away from our table.
They had been keeping track of their scores on a blackboard and were obviously
in the heat of an impromptu tournament.

Listening to the chink, chink, clang of the pinball
machine, a delicious idea popped into my mind. I leaned over to my husband
and whispered in his ear whimsically "I'll bet you an extra intense, extra
long session of heavy latex bondage that I can beat the winner". I smiled
at him mischievously.

He looked at me, stunned. "At pinball?" he exclaimed.
"Michelle, I didn’t know you even knew how to play it! " he puzzled. "Sure,
I can't lose on this one. You're on!"

I smiled. "Prepare yourself for some heavy rubber
bondage, Bob", I said whimsically. "When I was in college I used to 'clean
up' with pinball. I never had to buy my own drinks and I bought many of
my textbooks with the money I had won from it. I was a regular pinball
hustler. I'd challenge the guys to a set of games and they'd think I'd
be a pushover because I was a girl. I'd let them win a few games and some
money from me but would subsequently increase the bet. Then, when the bet
was right, I'd beat the pants off of them. I got so good at it that after
a while I became known as the Pinball Queen! My friends even gave me a
'Pinball Queen' trophy! I've still got it. I think it's up in the attic
somewhere."

By now, the boys had been playing long enough
that a clear winner was emerging among them. I walked over to him and whispered
my challenge. "Give me three practice games to get the feel of the machine
and then I will beat you!"  Predictably, his young male ego could
not resist the challenge. They never can.

During my practice sets it became apparent to
me that this was one of those really quirky old machines. There were almost
imperceptible wear spots that would unpredictably disrupt the normal path
of the ball. The bounce springs were very old and repelled the ball unpredictably.
This was a very tricky machine and would take some getting used to. The
boys, who had been playing it all evening, had a distinct advantage over
me. Still, I felt confident that I could win.

Perhaps it was because I hadn't played pinball
in years. Or maybe the random vibrator of my dildo kicked on at just the
wrong moment and screwed up my shot. The distraction of the delicious,
slippery latex on my body may have been a factor, too. Or, it could have
been that tricky old machine. Maybe the guy I played against was really
too good for me. Maybe it was all of these things. I lost the match. Not
by much, mind you, but just enough to lose my $20. It was just enough for
Bob to win the bet.

When I returned to the table Bob was gleaming.
"Don’t worry, my love, you'll be a Pinball Queen again…and I will make
love to you like no man has ever done to any woman before," he said.

It was getting late and both of us were incredibly
horny from all those hours of stimulation by the latex under our street
clothes. It was time to go home. Nothing further was said about the bet.
I figured he'd have me pay up by doing something fairly benign thing like
our usual bondage play or wear my suit a little longer than usual. In a
few days I forgot the incident completely.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chap 2

"Tonight we're going to do something really different",
Bob exclaimed. "Let's start by putting on your catsuit".

The catsuit was of heavy black latex with attached
open-face hood, feet and gloves. It was, of course, fitted with a vibrator
dildo. All of my latex things have dildoes or stimulators of some kind.
I'd worn that catsuit several times a week since we bought it. Bob had
one just like it. Both of us had many others, too. As lifestyle Rubberists
we slept in them, played in them, washed the dishes while wearing them
and even went out to dinner in them dozens of times. Hell, we'd even mowed
the lawn more than once with them on. These suits are part of us and the
vehicle by which we make love to each other. What's 'different' about this
time, I wondered.

Still, as I slipped the familiar suit on a thrill
shot through my whole body. There is nothing like the erotic feel of latex
against the raw skin of a true fetisher like I am. Then when the tip of
the lubricated dildo touched the lips of my sex, I felt the early twinges
of an anticipated orgasm. My pussy knew what to expect from this device
from long experience with it! I sucked in my breath as pushed it deep inside
my body. Bob then helped me pull on my opera-length latex gloves, fit the
black rubber open-face hood over my head and zipped up the back of my suit.
I looked in the full length mirror to see myself entirely covered in shiny
black latex. It felt great. How I love being a fetisher…! Rubberists are
the most sensuous people in the world! When Bob helped me put this suit
on, he was truly making love to me like no other man in the world!

"OK, you know the routine, Bob. You have to put
your suit on, too" I said. Bob loved latex, too. This is how I made love
to him. I helped him put his suit on. Then I zipped him up.

After a passionate embrace, we each produced a
special little padlock and locked the other's suit with them. As always,
the key to the other's lock was on the silver chain around each of our
necks. Neither of us would be able to take our suit off until the other
was ready for us to do so! This little locking ceremony was an expression
of our love for each other by making our latex fetishes as pleasurable
as possible. Few people on earth can fathom fetish love like this. It is
very special to us.

Bob then handed me one of my other latex hoods--the
one with only breathing tubes for my nose and mouth and clear plastic lenses
over my eyes. I pulled it down over my head and inserted the soft inflatable
rubber gag mounted inside of it into my mouth. Bob attached the little
hand pump to the fitting at my mouth and inflated the gag so that it filled
my mouth, but not to the point of discomfort. Then he detached the pump
and asked if I was OK. After adjusting the hood a bit and testing my nose
and mouth breathing tubes, I responded by saying the "mmmffg" sound which
is my standard "gag-speak" word for "I'm OK".

Next, Bob got down on his knees and removed the
little screw cap on my suit at my crotch. The two old batteries from my
previous session with the vibrator inside me fell out. "I've found a new
kind of extra long life batteries the other day. Let's see if they are
an improvement," he said. He slipped the two new batteries up into the
dark hole at my pussy and lovingly replaced the screw cap. The vibrator
inside of me sprang to life and I caught my breath as the first pangs of
stimulation hit me. Bob was an engineer and had designed this "high tech"
dildo himself. It contained sophisticated microchip circuitry to provide
vibration of random duration and intensity as well as a thrusting motion.
He could even connect it to his computer to "program" it before I put it
on to make it do various things to me at different times. The vibrating
stopped after a few seconds--it was already beginning to "play" with me.
There were times when I swore it "knew" I was about to orgasm and would
stop, just to titillate me. Like my suit, this little fellow of rubber,
motors and batteries (I affectionately called him "Sparky") had become
part of my way of life. It was another expression of Bob's love for me.

Then came the first surprise. From under the bed
Bob retrieved a large box which bore the name of a sporting goods store.
"Here' put this on". How many times had I heard that command before? It
was my favorite!

Judging from the weight of the box I expected
to find another latex suit. Bob always "presented" my newly arrived catsuits
and other latex apparel this way. I opened the box. Inside was a wet suit--the
kind worn by scuba divers. It was made of a very thick grade of black neoprene
foam that had been covered with a fabric. It was like every other black
wetsuit I had seen.

I slipped the high-waisted wetsuit pants on. They
glided easily over the smooth surface of my latex catsuit. Then came the
upper half and the gloves. The hood, however, was not "standard scuba".
It was a "custom item" that Bob had re-engineered to cover my face completely
except for holes for my eyes and the breathing tubes to my nose and mouth.
It all fitted very snugly. The thickness of the wetsuit was particularly
noticeable. I felt protected--almost as if I was in a, er…, well a "bullet
proof" suit of some sort. I also noticed how warm I felt. I immediately
understood how cold it must be deep underwater and why scuba divers wear
these things.

"OK, Michelle, now let's put on your old green
catsuit over this", Bob said.

Hmmmmm. Bob often had me wear several layers of
latex but I did not understand this. I had to wonder what he was leading
up to. And why the old green suit? This catsuit was of very thin latex
and was very old. It had been torn many times and amateurishly patched
with small scraps of various colors and odd shapes of latex. It looked
ridiculous. I had not worn it in a couple of years. I don't know why we
had not thrown it out long ago.

As always, Bob powdered the suit and helped me
put it on. This was full cover suit with attached feet gloves and hood.
It took some effort to fit the thin gloves over the bulky gloves of the
wet suit. When we finally got it on, I was completely covered in soft green
latex except for the opening around my face. I could feel the thickness
of the three layers of rubber over every inch of my body restraining my
movement somewhat.

"Let's go out to the garage now", Bob commanded.
He had been doing something out there all afternoon and would not let me
peek. I had heard saws and pounding hammers. He was up to something! I
was brimming with curiosity over what he'd been up to. "Here it comes…"
I thought to myself. Just then, "Sparky" kicked in for a brief but intense
moment. This was going to be a fun night!

In the middle of the garage there were a number
of boxes and a large pan of water. The labels on the boxes indicated that
they contained the stuff doctors use to create casts for broken arms and
legs. I was a bit surprised at the number of boxes there. Knowing my husband,
I could imagine what he had in mind to do with them… Yes, this would be
an "interesting" night!

"Remember when you bet me you could beat those
guys at pinball last winter?" Bob asked. I nodded. "Well, we're going to
begin the bondage session you owe me. Tonight will only be preparatory.
The real pay-back session will come later after you've had extensive training."

Training? Uh oh, that sounds ominous. However,
I know that Bob really loves me so I'm sure it will be fun…

Bob opened one of the boxes and pulled out a long
strip of plasterized gauze which he then dipped in the water. "OK, now
I want you to postion your legs this way" he said as he moved my right
leg slightly forward and bent my knee slightly. "OK, now hold that pose
exactly as I apply the gauze.

He was going to put me into a full body cast!

He worked for a long time, carefully covering
my arms, legs and torso with a very thick covering of the plaster-impregnated
gauze. He seemed to have a very specific design for my pose in mind and
was careful to make sure I had enough room to expand my chest for breathing.
Eventually, I could not move any part of my lower body, my hands, fingers,
toes. I was absolutely immobilized except for my breathing.

Before covering my head with the plaster gauze
Bob put a set of earphones on my ears and connected the wires to the little
voice-activated two-way radio. A microphone had been attached to my breathing
tube. Bob then put on his headset-mounted walkie-talkie with its little
boom microphone at his lips. Now, when either of us said anything (including
my "gag speak" noises), it would be transmitted to the other's earphone.
This enabled us to communicate with each other no matter where we were
in the house.

Now only my face and ear area remained uncovered.
"Are you OK with this" he asked in my earphones. "You'll be in here for
a few hours. The insulation of the wetsuit will shield you from the heat
the plaster generates as it sets. Except for your breathing, you won't
be able to move at all--not in the slightest. I'll be monitoring to your
breathing the whole time through the radio to make sure you're OK. This
will probably be your most intense experience so far. Please try to see
this through if you can but if you do run into any trouble or decide that
you just can't handle this, you know the signal. I think you're going to
love it, tho'. Last chance, my love, are you ready to do this?" He smiled
as I said "mmmffg". Then there was total darkness and silence as he laid
the wet plaster gauze over my face.

The breathing tubes were my only connection to
the world outside my plaster tomb now. I could hear absolutely nothing
except my own breathing. I don't think I've ever heard this kind of silence
before. It was quite disconcerting, at first.

Suddenly "Sparky" kicked on at low intensity.
It startled me a bit as it abruptly interrupted the utter silence of my
thoughts. It seemed like Bob always started me out in "first gear" with
Sparky and then slowly build up to a crescendo. But, much to my surprise,
the vibrator stopped after a minute or so.

As the minutes began to drift by I could feel
my mind begin to drift as the sensory deprivation of my tomb began to affect
it. At first, the various aspects of my everyday life--what I did at work
yesterday, what we needed to get at the grocery store--and other extremely
mundane thoughts raced through my consciousness in a surreal kind of way.
Gradually I began to relax and drift. The sound of my rhythmic breathing
increasingly crept into the forefront of my mind. I could feel myself drifting
backward, as if in a meditative state. Bob had talked about how sensory
deprivation "trips" like this might be used to control, expand and prolong
an erotic experience many times in the past, so I was not alarmed by it.
I quickly lost all track of time. A minute could have easily been 20 seconds…or
vice-versa.

Eventually, the mundane thoughts began to give
way to the next stage of sensory deprivation. I began to feel a heightened
awareness of the physical sensations of my entombment. Increasingly, I
drifted "inward" where there was only the "now" of my situation. The sound
of my breathing seemed to become louder. I felt the latex of the gag cramming
the inside of my mouth and the silent dildo filling my pussy. Movement
of any kind had been impossible and my mind was becoming adjusted to that.
I began to focus on the feel the caress of latex fitting tightly over my
entire body. I was becoming one with it. The warmth and aliveness of each
square inch of it was becoming part of my whole being. I was becoming latex.
I was drifting….drifting…

I gradually became aware of a slight vibration
and pulsing at my pussy. Sparky had kicked on at a very low intensity that
had been increasing ever so gradually, as if not to disturb me from my
meditative state. My beloved Bob had done his homework about sensory deprivation!
My pussy began to wake and merge with my state of heightened awareness
of the latex that surrounded and caressed every inch of my body. I became
my pussy, surrounded in latex and working, very, very slowly, toward a
climax. Nothing else existed. All of my consciousness was focused on the
feel of the latex and what it was doing to the part of my brain that is
charge of sexual ecstasy. I just hoped that Bob had programmed the little
vibrator to work non-stop.

With the increasing intensity of the experience
I became aware, too, of a new heaviness in my breathing. While I had no
difficulty in breathing normally, my chest began to push harder and harder
against the confining plaster as I breathed more heavily with the approaching,
though still distant orgasm. It seemed, too, that my awareness of the latex
increased with each strained breath.

Sparky shifted into "second gear", sending a new
level of excitement through my mind and body. As I breathed more heavily,
my chest tried to expand more but was stopped by the plaster. The latex
seemed to push against my skin even more so than before. This increasing
sense of confinement in my tomb was not an unpleasant thing at all, but
rather, further accentuated the building orgasm that was about to explode
in me. God, Sparky, don't stop now!

Finally, Sparky slammed into "high gear" with
a whole new intensity of vibration that I had not felt in previous sessions,
or, at least, it seemed that way. It also began its thrusting action that
seemed to push deeper inside my body with each stroke. That glorious feeling
of hot, sweaty latex against hyper-sensitive skin covered every inch of
my body. I was more alive than I had ever been before!

I finally exploded. I came so hard it hurt! For
a brief moment I stopped breathing altogether as the orgasm rocked through
every inch of my being. Then I felt my chest trying to heave heavily, slamming
against the confining plaster in very rapid, shallow breaths as my body
screamed for oxygen. Sparky kept going. The orgasms kept coming.

Finally, the explosion ended. I began to relax.
The strong sensation of hot, sweaty, post-orgasm latex provided comfort
to every inch of my body again. I had returned to the womb. My breathing
slowly returned to normal. I felt like I wouldn't need to have sex again
for the rest of my life. If I could have moved the muscles in my face,
I would have smiled deeply.

I became aware of a tapping noise. It was Bob
tapping on the plaster to see if I was OK. I blurted out a couple of "standard"
grunting noises through the breathing tube in my gag to let him know that
I was not only doing fine but was also "done". He tapped back his acknowledgement.

I began to hear high pitched grinding noises.
Suddenly I could see again--Bob had removed the front half of the cast
on my head. The noise I heard had come from the small electric saw device
he held in his hand. It was the kind of saw doctors use to remove casts.
It took some time to get me out of the rest of the cast because he wanted
to preserve the "mold" of my body.

When the back half of the cast was finally removed
he immediately he took the hoods from my head. He was smiling. "Was it
good?" he asked with a giggle in his voice. I smiled at him but did not
reply. My mind was still foggy and buzzing from the intensity of my orgasms.
Much of my consciousness was still inside the plaster tomb. It would take
a while for me to "return" to the real world. I lay there in the garage
for a while, stretching my sore muscles and generally reorienting myself.
"How long was I in there", I asked?

"About two and a half hours. That's good for your
first training session", he replied.

"First session? Wow! What do you have in mind",
I asked.

"Well, Michelle, if you remember correctly, the
deal with you losing the pinball game was 'an extra long session of extra
heavy latex bondage'", Bob replied as he began to help me take off the
green catsuit, which had been ruined by the plaster. It came off in pieces.
No wonder he had me wear it over the other suits. "I intend to get my money's
worth! You're going to need a lot more training to do what I have in mind.
That's why we're saving this plaster mold of your body that we just made.
You'll be doing this again and again as part of your 'training'. Each time
will be a little longer and with more orgasms. Eventually I'll have you
fine tuned into The Orgasmic Pinball Queen!"

Orgasmic Pinball Queen? I had no idea of what
he was talking about! "What does any of this have to do with pinball?

He winked at me and put on that mischievous little
smile of his that tells me he's up to something that will be fun.

"Here, I'll help you take that hot wet suit off
now, but let's keep our latex suits on for the rest of the night", Bob
said. "Say, how are those new batteries holding out?"

Just then Sparky kicked on…

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chap 3

My "training" progressed over several months and
I was growing very fond being in the mold. Bob was clearly building toward
some "event" for me. During the week we both attended a course on "meditative
Arts" at our local college. Nearly every weekend we'd lock each other in
our catsuits and then Bob would put me in my plaster cast. Each time he
would add a half hour to my "training" time.

By the third month I was staying in my plaster
mold for nearly a whole night at a time. Bob would put me in at sunset
and I'd spend the whole night in it. He would sleep next to me on a cot
in the garage. He'd tell me what had planned for next week or read erotic
rubber stories to me through the little walkie talkie headset on his head
from the bathroom, den or wherever he happened to be, but always close
by. We'd share each other's orgasms through the sounds we made. Of course,
he'd be locked in his catsuit the whole time and I would have the key to
it on the chain around my neck, so we were actually making love to each
other.

Bob had modified the mold to allow me to wiggle
some of my fingers and had installed little switches in these places. A
tube to my mouth would inject some drinking water when I wiggled one of
my fingers. Another switch rang a buzzer to get Bob's attention if I ever
needed it or I could tap out crude morse code to tell him something. Other
switches allowed me to send coded messages to a "beeper" mounted in his
"training suit" that allowed me to control the vibrator toys he was wearing.

He had also replaced my standard, everyday catsuit
with a "training suit" that was better equipped for longer durations. It
was a conventional latex catsuit with attached feet and gloves and hood
but also had all sorts of complicated vaginal, anal, clitoral and nipple
stimulators that used an external power supply and were directly connected
to his computer. He also added a urinary catheter, small solenoids that
would lightly pinch my nipples and a pump that would recirculate and cool
the sweat that accumulated in my suit. All kinds of tubes and wires emanated
from my catsuit now. I began to look like a Latex Astronaut! My training
had become very sophisticated!

The meditation classes helped me develop an ability
to use my mind to control and concentrate on my orgasms, tailoring them
to the "whims" of various "sparkys" through which Bob made love to my body.
Bob could program them to randomly give me short, highly intense orgasms
or ones that would build up very, very slowly and then wound down just
as slowly. He also gave me increasingly large number of short, random blasts
of vibrations and plunging by the various devices. My mind training also
allowed me to learn to enjoy these immensely, too. Bob's keyboard became
an instrument of "orgasmic music"! Bob could "play" me. I was learning
to make all of these stimuli more intense and enjoyable.

One day, when I was looking for something in the
attic, I came across the old "Pinball Queen" trophy my friends had given
me back in college. It was sitting on top of an old trunk as if someone
else had recently been looking at it. I picked it up and examined it. Then
it hit me… the pose of the figure in the trophy was identical to the pose
Bob was training me in the plaster cast! I suddenly had an idea of what
he meant when he said I would be a pinball queen again! What was he up
to?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chap 4

Bob had taken several days off from work and was
furiously working on something out in the garage again. He would not let
me look to see what he was up to. Nor would he let me wear any latex during
this time! As Friday night approached, I wondered what new "training device"
he was building.

Bob took me out to an expensive restaurant for
an unusually early dinner on Friday night. The fact that he still would
not allow me to wear any latex told me that something was clearly up.

"Well, my dear", he exclaimed, offering up his
wine glass for a toast, "tomorrow is show time! Tomorrow you will pay up
on your little wager in the bar last winter". He smiled at me, lovingly.
"And I promise that you will enjoy it." We clinked our glasses. He would
not say anything more about it.

We had a nightcap of camomile tea and went to
bed very early that night--it was bearly dusk! Bob went right to sleep.
Soon I could feel the soothing sound of his snoring lulling me to sleep
as well, even though my mind raced with thoughts of what could be in store
for me tomorrow. The camomile tea did it's work--soon I was asleep.

Suddenly the alarm clock went off. It was still
dark! In fact, it was only 3 a.m.! "OK, it's payback time", said Bob, winking
at me as he smiled. "Let's have a quick breakfast and then get to work!"

I helped Bob put his "training" catsuit on, replaced
his batteries and locked him in, keeping the key. He then cooked three
eggs, bacon and toast for each of us and insisted that we eat all of it
because we would need some good nourishment in our bodies. He then handed
me an enema bag and told me to go into the bathroom, give myself a really
good enema to 'clean myself out' and then take a short but thorough shower
and brush my teeth while he did some other chores. Then I was to go to
the kitchen completely nude and wait.

Thirty minutes later I was clean inside and out
and waiting. Bob came in from the garage carrying my "training" suit. Several
new tubes and wires had been added to it. As I began to slip my foot into
one of the leggings, I realized that instead of powdering the latex with
talc, he had coated the interior of the entire suit with a heavy layer
of KY jelly. My pussy immediately became moist as I pushed my first foot
into the suit and felt the highly lubricated latex against my skin. This
was a new sensation and I really liked it! By the time we started to insert
the dildoes, I almost came. Seeing this, Bob rubbed a large piece of ice
on my back to abruptly 'change the subject'. "Oh no, not yet… we can't
have you coming yet…" he said, playfully. I held my breath and did not
come as we slowly inserted the vaginal dildoes and installed the clitoral
stimulators.

It took quite a while to put the suit on. There
were all kinds of little gizmos and gadgets that had to be mounted and
installed on my body. Some items, such as the nipple clamp mechanism had
to be glued to my body so they would not shift position later on. The urinary
catheter was carefully put in place, telling me that I would be in this
suit for quite a while. When Bob put the anal plug in place, I finally
understood why had want me to clean myself out with the enema. There were
wide variety of small devices and tubes attached to the exterior of the
suit at my armpits, stomach, legs, arms and head. I was puzzled by what
these might do.

Bob finally put the earphone over my ears and
pulled the hood down over me head, carefully inserting the breathing and
drinking tubes into my mouth and nose. The only holes in it were for my
eyes. He inflated my gag and then detached the pump hose. Then zipped up
the back of the suit, completely enclosing me in incredibly lubricated,
shiny black latex. Next he glued a small strip of latex over the zipper
to prevent any leakage from it. I looked in the mirror through the clear
plastic lenses over my eyes. I was like something from NASA!

Next, Bob had me put the old wet suit on. He carefully
routed the wires and tubes, poking their ends through strategically placed
holes in the heavy foam. I felt "bullet proof" again!

As we walked into the garage I saw what looked
like a statue. It was made of copper and was in the "training" pose I had
come to know so well. It was a full-sized replica of my Pinball Queen trophy
that was in the attic!

Bob walked over to the statue and removed pieces
from the front half of it revealing a hollow shell. He had custom built
this from my "training" cast. "Get in", he commanded. He smiled and then
winked at me!

Of course! I was going to be the Pinball Queen
again but this time as the trophy!

I stepped up on to the pedestal of the trophy
and Bob helped my climb into the back half of the shell. Then he began
to replace the pieces of front half of the shell, being careful to route
the wires and tubes just so. Bob had placed a large, full length mirror
in front of me so that I could see the whole operation through the clear
plastic lenses of my suit.

It was a very tight fit but was exactly what my
training for over so any weeks had prepared me for. I was immediately at
home in my new role as a "trophy".

As Bob placed the various pieces of copper over
me, he also placed a strip of what looked like asbestos between the rubber
of the wet suit and where the seams of the metal would be. Then, much to
my surprise, he lit his propane torch and began soldering the seams! The
asbestos and the thickness of the wetsuit insulated me from the heat!

He gradually replaced the various pieces of the
shell, soldering them together until only the faceplate remained. Then,
using a grinder, he ground down the solder joints to make a smooth surface.
Finally, he applied a heavy duty buffer and rouge to the surfaces to make
then shine brilliantly. I was really beginning to look like the trophy
in the attic as one monolithic piece of copper.

When Bob was finally satisfied with his "trophy"
from the neck down, he spoke into his microphone and asked me if I was
ready for the final phase--the faceplate. He put an earphone to his ear
and I replied "mmmffg" to let him know it was OK to do so.

As he put the faceplate on I immediately noticed
that there were several very small pinprick holes in the metal at my eyes.
This allowed me to see just a bit of the outside world but were too small
for anyone to see in. I could see Bob applying the torch to the seams of
the faceplate. Then I heard the sound of the grinder and the swooshing
of the buffer.

Bob then showed a spray can a clear gloss lacquer
to me through the little spy holes and then began spraying me. A voice
came to the earphone in my ear: "How are you doing, hon? The lacquer will
help prevent the copper from oxidizing and keep you shiny and metalic-looking".

It was done! I was now the Pinball Queen again!
From what little I could see in my mirror, I looked beautiful! Absolutely
stunning! Bob had done a wonderful job with the copper. Even the faceplate
showed attention to detail. One could carefully scrutinize this "trophy"
and not get a hint that I was inside of it. Even the heat of my body would
be masked by the insulation of the wetsuit. Bob was a genius!

But now the reality of my situation began to hit
me. I was absolutely immobile and up on a pedestal in the garage. What
would Bob do with me next? How long would he keep me in here? What fiendish
plan does he have for all of those gizmos and gadgets he's got me connected
to?

"MMmm MMmm MMmm" I said, which means 'I love you'
in gagspeak. Bob smiled, kissed his finger and then touched it to my copper
lips and replied, "Me too!".

"I finished a bit early, " Bob said, "would you
like me to put something over your eye holes so you can doze a bit before
we go," he asked. "Oh, I'll bet you're wondering where you could go dressed
like this!" he said, tauntingly! "Well, you're a trophy! I gotta show you
off to the world!" he said, with that wonderful look of mischief in his
eye. "I have to let everyone see my Pinball Queen!". Then he threw a towel
over my head to block out the light. It became pitch dark. I turned my
attention to the latex tightly pressing against every inch of my body.
I found that thick padding of the wetsuit allowed me to just barely wiggle
some parts of my arms and legs--just enough to feel the highly lubricated
latex gliding across my skin. Moving the eye of my mind down my body, I
focused on the sensation I was feeling at each part of it.

Just then Sparky kicked on…

This was going to be a wonderful day!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chap 4

I was awakened from my reverie by a slight jarring.
Something was happening. The towel was removed and I could see again.

Bob was dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt. I knew
that under this he still had the catsuit on because I still had the key
to it on the chain around my neck. He had opened the garage door and positioned
our pickup truck in front of it. There was daylight. A old pinball machine
much like the one back in the bar that night had been loaded onto one side
of the bed of the truck. The tailgate was down and ramp provided a path
from the floor of the garage onto the bed of the truck.

My god! Bob was going to take this "trophy" someplace
along with a pinball machine!

Words cannot describe the sensation of being rolled
across the floor and up the ramp onto the truck on the dolly wheels of
the trophy pedestal! My sense of equilibrium felt the slight swaying caused
by each bump and the change in angle of my center of gravity as Bob gently
pushed me up the ramp. Yet my body could not move in response to any of
this.

Finally, Bob had me in position and was securely
tying his "trophy" down. I could see straight ahead, over the cab of the
truck. The pinball machine was next to me. I still had no idea of where
we were going.

"Is everything OK in there? The mall should be
opening in an hour or so", asked the voice in my earphone. "Mmmffgg", I
replied. I was ready. Mall? What mall?

Bob pulled out of the driveway and drove for a
few minutes to a very large shopping mall located near our home. I could
not see well, of course, but it looked as though he was driving around
to the service entrance in the back of the mall. The truck stopped and
soon I felt myself being "unloaded" from the truck. Then I found myself
being wheeled down the main concourse, past shoe stores and other shops
to a corner near a fountain in the central part of the mall. The only people
around seemed to be the shopkeepers opening their stores and getting ready
for the Saturday traffic.

Bob was, of course, wearing his headset radio
with the little flexible microphone that extended from the earpiece to
his mouth. He positioned me to be looking mostly at part of a wall in the
corner. I could see part of the show window of an antique shop. There was
a large clock in it. A few minutes later he came back into my view positioning
the pinball machine I had seen on the truck.

"Can you see the action of the pinball machine
and anyone who might be standing around watching it being played?", Bob
asked through my earphone. "UUUUh" I replied, in the affirmative.

Bob was setting up some sort of display! Then
I noticed that he was connecting some sort of cable from the pinball machine
to my pedestal. Then he stepped up to the pinball machine, pulled the handle
back and let the ball fly. I could faintly hear the clink, clink, clang
of the machine in the earphone in my ear. Each time the ball hit one of
the repellers, I felt some sort of a pleasant-feeling reaction coming from
the various gizmos and gadgets in my suit. I was wired to the pinball machine!

"Did you feel that?" asked Bob? "UUUH" I replied.

"OK, my love, here is your situation. You are
part of a display entitled 'A tribute to Michelle Piloter, Pinball Queen
of 1983'. The sign invites people passing by the display to play a free
game of pinball in your honor. Yes, I know this is insanely corny, but
it will be fun for you. The pinball machine you see is connected to the
devices in your suit. You have already felt the repellers. There are also
vibrators, plungers, pinchers and anything else I could dream up. As the
score of the game increases, the intensity of their various actions will
also increase. The computer in the pedestal will introduce some randomness
and also give you some periods of rest."

Bob cleared his throat and said, "The microswitches
in the fingers of your gloves run your life support options. One will pump
a little fresh water into your mouth if you need a drink. Others will give
you a shot of KY jelly at your anus and pussy in case you need a little
more lubrication. And there's one that will pump the sweat that accumulates
in your feet through a cooler and back to the top of your head if you start
getting too hot. You cannot, of course, control any of the little 'fun'
devices in your suit but the switches at your thumbs go to a little transmitter
that controls the plunging and vibrating of the ejaculator I have on under
my suit. As I make love to you through my machine, you can make love back
to me!"

"I will always be near at hand, listening, to
you to make sure you are ok. If I should drop dead or something, I left
a letter of emergency instructions with my brother, Nick, to rescue you.
You'll be here until 9 p.m. when the mall closes. You can see what time
it is from the clock in the window of the antique store--just hope they
don't sell it today!" Bob gleamed as he spoke.

"And, oh yes, I'll bet you an extra intense, extra
long session of heavy latex bondage that you will use the safeword to call
it quits before the mall closes at nine o'clock!" Bob grinned as he said
that and winked at me. "Agreed?"

I knew I could do this--I had been training for
it and had discovered that I could endure much more than I ever thought
I could. I had, in fact, learned to love it. I felt that no one on this
earth could have as good sex I can now. I responded with an emphatic affirmative
"Uhhh". The bet was on!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chap 5

My view of the mall through the tiny pinprick
holes at my eyes was very narrow and Bob had positioned me so that most
of my gaze was on the pinball machine itself. The clock in the window now
said 9 o'clock am. I began to see people milling about. The mall had opened
for business now.

Bob stepped up to the pinball machine and asked
in the microphone, "Mind if I have the first game, Your Highness"? I grunted
my affirmation into my breathing tube for to hear.

As Bob pulled back the plunger that launched the
first ball, I braced myself in anticipation of what might come. I could
see the ball going up the entry chute on the right hand side. Then, as
it began to descend down into the main game area, it began hitting the
two little round, spring loaded central "repellers" that would thrust the
ball outward. With each thrust there was a little "kachink" sound in my
ear. I also felt a slight pleasant sensation at each of my nipples corresponding
to one of the repellers. I also noticed another mild vibration at my pussy
and anus as Bob operated the corresponding left and right hand "flippers"
at the bottom of the board that would send the ball back up to the top.
As the ball banged back and forth against the edges of the board and the
various obstacles in it's path, I noticed a variety of pleasant, though
surprisingly subdued sensations on various parts of my body.

At first I was a bit disappointed because, knowing
my husband as well as I do, I had expected much more intensity from the
devices. This was going to be easy to take. But then I remembered that
their intensity would increase with the score of the game.

As Bob played the game I started to realize that
he was really pretty good at it. He was still on his first ball and the
score had already risen to nearly 100,000 points. (Apparently the inventor
of the game liked large numbers!) The sensations of the various devices
were becoming more noticeable and I was starting to become aroused. I could
feel myself getting wet against the latex at my pussy.

Bob was one of those people who would nervously
flip the flippers at the bottom of the board even though the ball was in
play at the other end. As the score got higher, I noticed that, in addition
to the vibrations, each flip of the flipper would also cause the dildoes
in my pussy and anus to be plunged inward and outward with increasing intensity.
I made a point to respond to him by banging my thumbs against the microswitches
in my gloves that controlled his ejaculator.

By the time Bob was on his third ball I was getting
very seriously aroused! The placement of the devices on my body corresponded
with their location on the pinball machine board. Those near the top of
the board operated small air bladders, vibrators and solenoid-driven "thumpers"
at my neck and upper chest. The two circular, central repellers near the
top of the game board operated solenoid-driven clamps that would pinch
my nipples with pressures based on the current score of the game. Some
actions on the pinball machine resulted in the rapid inflation or deflation
of small balloon-like bladders against my armpits, breasts and many of
the softer places on my body, producing a very odd, but nevertheless erotic
sensation. In addition to vibrations and well lubricated plunging actions,
the two dildoes and my mouth gag were also subject to rapid inflation and
deflation. More air bladders and vibrators were at my navel and waist area,
corresponding to the obstacles and repellers in the lower part of the game
board.

By the time Bob was playing his fourth ball, his
score had reached 700,000 and all of the devices in my suit were almost
at full blast. I began to feel as if I was the pinball game, itself. I
could feel the ball moving up and down, as if my body was the game board
and Bob was playing the ball inside of it. The nipple clamps were closing
and opening around my nipples with increasing pressure and speed. As I
came closer and closer to orgasm, I became acutely aware of my confinement
within the trophy and the press of delicious latex over virtually every
square inch of my body. I could not move an inch as my body was stimulated
all over, and I loved it! I continued to work the switches at my thumbs.

I could tell from Bob's eyes that he was getting
caught up in the heat of the game, too. In addition to the excitement of
the game, itself, he knew he was also making love to me with every "ka-ching"
or "clang" of the ball and flip of the flippers! I could imagine him sweating
in his catsuit and squirming as I pounded the lever in my glove that controlled
his ejaculator! I was making love to him, too. We had worked long and hard
for this moment!

Just as I could see the signs of orgasm in his
face, my whole body exploded with its own orgasm. I screamed into my gag,
but no one could hear me except Bob. It was so explosive I thought the
jerking and contortions of my body would surely burst open the copper casing
and reveal the human inside the trophy to a stunned audience of bystanders.
My chest beat against the inside of my copper-clad confinement as my lungs
begged for air. Fortunately, Bob's solder joints held well but I began
to have doubts as to whether I'd have the stamina to endure this until
the mall closed. I would be reduced to a pile of "orgasmic jelly" by noon!

I felt a shower of sweat dripping from my brow,
down my face and into my neck area, making the latex even more slippery
and alive. Bob had his eyes closed as he felt his own explosion. Now he
was gasping for air while trying to maintain his public composure. He looked
up at me and smiled. "I love you", he said, quietly, into the microphone.

"MMmm MMmm MMmm" I replied. I love you, too, Bob.

Every part of my body was tingling from the orgasm
and the tight confinement of the latex pressed inward by the tight-fitting
copper outer shell`. Now all I wanted to do was to relax and sink into
a reverie and bask in this wonderful feeling. But, as Bob stepped back
from the game, a half-dozen young people gathered around the machine. They
had seen the sign offering "a free a game of pinball" and were anxious
to try it out.

From that moment on, all of the devices Bob had
planted in my suit were in constant use. He made love to me through his
"infernal machine" for the rest of the day. Every "clang", "ding" or "thunk"
from the pinball machine caused some vibrator to turn on briefly, a thump
to be felt somewhere on one of the soft muscular areas of my body, or the
plungers in my pussy and anus to move in or out, all causing pleasure.

It was almost as if I had become the pinball machine!
Every part of my body and mind was focused on being a sexual machine driven
by the game! No other reality existed--only sensual pleasure and mind-numbing
orgasms that Bob was giving me! I knew that he was a very creative person
but he should certainly get the Academy Award for Best Lover with the Best
Erotic Special Effects!

As the day progressed I fell into the routine.
I began to anticipate that certain actions on the game board would produce
a predictable reaction in one of the devices in my suit. Some of my muscles
began to ache from duration of my confinement, unable to move in the trophy.
There seemed to be no end to the number of people who would line up to
play the pinball machine. The constant barrage of orgasms exhausted me.
I made sure that Bob had his share, too!

As Bob had promised, the computer allowed me several
rest periods. During these times all of my "devices" would fall quiet and
the earphone carrying the pinball machine noises to my ear would be turned
off. I would push the buttons on my hand to drink some water, cool off
and then drift into deep mediation or even sleep. These periods rejuvenated
me immensely and helped me remain focused on orgasms and pleasure.

It was now approaching closing time for the mall,
and I had been confined in my "trophy" for nearly 17 hours, far longer
than my longest training session. All throughout the day Bob had been checking
in over the radio in my earphone to make sure that I was OK and whispering
encouragement for me to "Hang in there, baby". Wave after wave of people
had taken their turns at the pinball machine and had, unwittingly, given
me pleasure with their games. It had been a wonderful, though thoroughly
exhausting day of love-making that I would never forget. It occurred to
me that, for years to come, the mere mention of "pinball" would probably
send a blast of warmth to my heart and a playful twinge to my pussy because
of this day. Few people are capable of even imagining love-making of this
depth and duration. I felt so lucky that Bob and I had found each other.
