---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Lovely Slave Marie 3
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bodybag
- crate
- transported
- straitjacket
- outdoors
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2005-06-12 00:00:00
---

*As this is my first real packaged story, I would appreciate any feedback
regarding what I got right, and what I got wrong.  I tried to focus
on a human relationship, with the packaging being an element that added
to the fun.  I hope you all enjoy this story, as I had fun writing
it. A special thanks goes to Tiedash, who proof read the first two parts
of the story.*

**Part 3: The Palm Tree**

The second night of Marie’s bondage to her new master passed very quickly.

At least, it passed very quickly for Oliver.  He wasn’t locked
up in a box wearing a restrictive garment that would have made him incredibly
horny.

He awoke a few moments before his alarm clock was set to go off. 
Feeling strangely refreshed, he cheerfully turned off the alarm clock and
hopped out of bed.

Oliver couldn’t remember the last time he felt so good after waking
up.  Maybe it was the excitement he felt at the prospect of spending
another day with his wonderful slave Marie.

Only then did it hit him that this would be his last day with this wonderful
woman, before Paul came to take her back home.

That thought alone hurt Oliver deeply.  Very deeply.  The
thought of this wonderful woman being taken away from him…

He took a moment to focus his mind.  Best to enjoy the day he had
with her.  Yes, that was it.  Enjoy what time he had left.

Walking to the storage box where Marie was locked within, the locks
were undone quickly.  Opening the lid, Oliver sighed with affection
when he saw Marie.

Or rather, the device that imprisoned and contained the woman.

Reaching down, Oliver rubbed his hands over the neoprene body bag that
contained his slave.  She twitched slightly in the bag, her skin squirming
within the skintight device.

Smiling at his slave’s response to touch, Oliver scooped his arms around
his slave’s bound form and carefully lifted her out of her box.  Holding
her close, he managed to shut the lid to the box.  Grunting slightly,
Oliver placed Marie’s body bag on the lid.

Turning her onto her side, he slowly undid the zipper on the back of
her eyeless hood.  Pulling carefully, he slowly eased the hood off
of Marie’s head.

She looked just as lovely as the moment when he had zipped her into
this bag the night before.  Her eyes had been looking upon him with
affection as he sealed them behind neoprene.

Marie opened her eyes and smiled at her master.  “Good morning
master.”  She said happily.  “How are you this morning?”

Oliver laughed.  “I thought we figured out that I should be the
one asking you that!  But yes, I slept fine.  How about yourself?”

“Oh, it was warm.”  She wiggled inside her bag, which was oh so
shiny and rubbery.  “I’m glad you didn’t cover me with blankets.”

“Well, if I did, you’d become slave Marie: Raw and deep-fried.”

Marie giggled.  “Oh you never fail to amuse me master.”  Oliver
smiled.

Marie wiggled a bit more in her bag.  “Um master, don’t you want
me to cook you breakfast?”

“No.”  He said quietly.  “I think I’ll feed you this morning.” 
Taking a large leather collar, Oliver slipped it around Marie’s neck and
buckled it down.  The posture collar immediately forced Marie to keep
her head straight and focused.

“Now, you stay here and relax while I get breakfast ready.  You
shout if you need me,” He said happily.

“Very well master.”  Marie said, closing her eyes and relaxing
in the grip of the neoprene and the collar around her neck.

As Oliver went downstairs to get breakfast ready, Marie let her thoughts
wander.  She knew that today was the last day she’d be with this young
man before her real master came to retrieve her.  She couldn’t help
but feel a little sad.

This young man had treated her so well, and had given her his affection
and loving care.  She loved him for that.  She would treasure
the care that he had given her.

If only she could reach out and hug him, take him in her arms and hold
him close, whisper how much she loved him.  Too bad the internal sleeves
of her bag held her arms firmly to her side.

Oliver came back up in a few minutes, carrying some waffles with him. 
Placing the plate on the counter next to the bed, he picked up his slave
and gently placed her down on his bed.  Being unable to move, she
obediently lay there and waited for breakfast.

Lying next to his bound slave, Oliver took the plate of waffles and
cut them into small pieces.  Taking one piece in his hands, he gently
placed the piece in Marie’s mouth.

She took the piece, chewed it and swallowed.  She smiled. 
“It tastes good.”

Oliver smiled, and gently took another piece, feeding his slave.

When breakfast was over, Oliver lay there next to his slave, quietly
scooping her into his arms and holding her close to him.  Marie’s
eyes closed in pleasure as she was held closely to this young man that
she loved.

Oliver felt Marie’s arms moving while he held her.  They squirmed
within the internal sleeves of the bag, trying to hold him, even if just
by the fingertips.

Should he let her out?  Hmm…no.  She could hold him later. 
And when she did, he would give her the biggest, most passionate embrace
he could give.

A devilish smile came across his face.  That would be one hug she
wouldn’t soon forget.  For now however, he would hold this woman and
comfort her with his touch.

An hour later, Marie was out of the neoprene bag.  She stretched
her limbs as best she could.  It wasn’t much, considering that her
arms and legs were shackled once again.  But that didn’t bother her. 
She was used to it. Oliver had been in the garage for several minutes. 
He had been getting something ready.  When she had curiously asked
him what it was, he had only smiled and grinned.

His big project was unveiled a half-hour later.  It was a large
oak box, perfectly ordinary, except for a hole in the top.  When Marie
looked at it, she realized that the hole was the perfect diameter for a
human neck to fit in.

Oliver smiled.  “Are you ready for another trip?”  Marie nodded
eagerly.

Preparing Marie for her trip was a simple matter.  All it required
was dressing her into a pair of blue tights, locking her ankles together
with a pair of steel manacles, and encasing her upper body in a white straightjacket.

With Marie’s body prepped and ready for transport, Oliver took out his
bike and the trailer.  He propped the box onto the trailer and opened
it up.

Going back inside, Oliver lay his hands on Marie’s shoulder and gently
escorted her outside (locking the door on the way), to the box that she
would soon be locked in.

When she saw the box, she couldn’t help but let out a small squeal of
excitement.  The box was propped up on the trailer, where she would
be in full view.  Everyone who walked by would be able to see that
she was clearly a woman locked inside a box with only her head sticking
out.

Taking his slave up to the trailer, Oliver helped her up and into the
box.

When she was crouched inside the box, knees to the chin, Oliver closed
the box, carefully maneuvering the top around Marie’s neck and locking
it in place.

Oliver stepped away from the box to observe what Marie looked like. 
She looked like a small head popping out of a box.

“My my, you look like quite an attractive piece of luggage.”  Oliver
commented, his grin growing rapidly.  “You’ll look lovely when we
drive around today.”

“Where are we going master?”  Marie asked, wiggling inside her
box in an attempt to get more comfortable.

“Why, we’re going on an all afternoon ride”.  Oliver said cheerfully.

“Master!”  Marie gasped.  “Are you sure?  After all,
you’re still new at this!”

Oliver responded by giving her a reassuring smile.  “Well, I feel
ready to do this.”  He said calmly.  “I now feel more… confident… secure
in my role as a master.”

At this revelation, Marie couldn’t help but smile.  This young
man was obviously growing into the role of a dominant master.

Withought a further word, Oliver got a green helmet, and buckled it
onto Marie’s head (“Can never be too careful,” he said).

Mounting the bike, Oliver began to pedal off down the road.

The route was different from the day before.  They were heading
away from Paul’s house, towards the beach, roughly a mile away.  The
sun was shining down on Marie as her master pedaled down the sidewalk,
taking her on a ride.  All she had to do was enjoy it.

Soon, people began to appear, looking on with great curiosity at the
woman-box that went by them.

Marie had done this before, going out in public while restrained. 
Almost everyone she had met while going out was curious about her appearance. 
Some had plainly been jealous of the attention that she had received.

This, however, was a first.  Being locked inside a box while being
driven around on display.  Fully exposed to the public, fully exposed
to their curious looks, the pangs of jealousy and the thought of being
little more then an object on display.

She was enjoying every minute of it.

The afternoon went on.  Shy Oliver was doing an excellent job of
looking confident and certain of himself as he pedaled his slave around,
displaying her head for all to see, and locking her body away.

Soon, it was time for dinner.  Oliver pulled up to a small restaurant
next to the beach, a small and out of the way place called “The Palm Tree.”

Oliver had another surprise in store for his slave.  The box she
was locked in had shoulder straps.  Oliver could pick up the box and
carry it with him (with some difficulty).  All Marie had to do was
go along and enjoy the ride.

Hoisting his load in front of him, Oliver slowly walked into the restaurant. 
The patrons waiting for a table were quite surprised to a boxed up woman
in their midst.

A waiter soon came up to Oliver.  He was obviously surprised to
see a woman poking her head out of box carried around by her master.

“Uh… table for two sir?”

Acting as normally as possible, Oliver said “Yes please.”

Nodding, the waiter indicated for Marie’s master to follow him. 
He led them to a small booth overlooking the beach.

Oliver groaned slightly as he took off Marie’s box and set it on one
of the benches.  He sighed as he sat down, glad that he didn’t have
to carry that box.

Reaching over, Oliver took off Marie’s helmet, as she no longer needed
it.  “So my slave.”  He said seductively, “what will you have?”

“Why, I don’t know master.”   Marie smiled, playing along
with his romantic voice.  “I can’t even read the menu.”  She
rocked back and forth in her box to emphasize her point.

“Well then, I guess I’ll have to hold it up for you.”  Oliver picked
up the menu and placed it in front of Marie’s face.  She pondered
her options.  Steak?  Pasta?  Chicken?  Whatever it
was, she was secretly looking forward to her master feeding her.

The waiter chose that moment to come up.  Trying to keep his composure,
he spoke.  “Are you two ready to order?”

“Yes.”  Oliver said confidently.  “I will have the lasagna.”

“Ah, excellent choice sir.”

Oliver looked at Marie.  “And what will you have my little lovely?”

Marie considered.  She turned to the waiter.  “I think I’ll
have the chicken.”

Nodding slowly, the waiter wrote the order on his notepad.  Marie
could tell that he wasn’t used to seeing a woman in a box.

Master and slave chatted while waiting for their dinner to arrive. 
Oliver would glance around occasionally and see that they were obviously
the subject of the other customers chats.  Many pairs of eyes were
directed their way.

“So, what are you going to do when I leave master?”  Marie asked
quietly.

“Oh, I don’t know.”  Oliver said, his voice low.  “I’ll probably
go back to enjoying all the money I inherited by my father.”  His
eyes drifted.  “I hope that one day I'll have a wife.  Have someone
to settle down with, share my life with.”

His distant gaze was broken by the arrival of the food.  
One large plate of steaming lasagna, and one plate of fat and shiny chicken,
well cooked.

Oliver decided to have some fun with Marie.  He took his own meal
and slowly began to cut it up, ensuring that his slave got a full view
of the delicious, moist, and all around tasty food.

Bit by bit, he began to eat it, watching Marie as she began to realize
what was going on.

“Master?”  She asked, grinning.  “Are you teasing me?”

“Oh no my dear.”  Oliver said in his best impersonation of a snotty
millionaire.  “Why ever would you say that?”

“Oh, I don’t know.”  Marie replied, her grin still present. 
“Maybe it’s the fact that you’re trying to eat as slowly as possible while
I sit here in my box, waiting for you to feed me.”

At that point, Oliver smiled and put his fork down.  “Very well
slave.”  He grinned.  “If you want food, then you shall receive
food!”  He began slicing up Marie’s chicken, dipping each piece in
a small tub of gravy.

Lifting the first piece up, Oliver moved it towards Marie’s open mouth. 
She reached out to take a bite, but Oliver pulled the chicken back at the
last moment.

“Hey!”  Marie giggled.  “No fair!”

“Who says it has to be fair?”  Oliver whispered seductively. 
“I’m your master!  I get to decide when you eat.”

Marie responded by making her best sad puppy face.  That melted
away Oliver’s silliness in a heartbeat.

Unable to keep his smile back, master fed his slave, tenderly and gently
placing pieces of chicken in her waiting mouth.

Once dinner was over, Oliver managed to pick up the box and walk out
of the restaurant, paying for the dinner.  Marie was pleased to notice
that there were many curious stares as the two left the building.

The sun had almost set.  The lights in the streets were beginning
to come on.  Palm trees swayed under a cool and gentle wind. 
A few parrots squawked high in their branchy perches.

Marie was carried to the beach, her box set down on the warm sand. 
Her master sat next to her box.

Together, the two watched the sun set on the horizon.  The dying
rays giving way to starry night.

Both wordlessly contemplated the past days.  What it meant to each
of them.  How they had been exposed to new elements of life, previously
unseen.

How much love they had for each other.

No words were spoken that night on the beach.  There was no need. 
Both understood each other.

Oliver spent that time nestled right next to Marie, his arm surrounding
her neck, and her head.

Slave Marie wanted so badly to take her young master into her arms,
to hold him and cuddle him close.  But no matter how much she wished
it, she could not change the fact that she was wearing a straightjacket,
and was surrounded by a thick and inescapable box that contained her body.

Oliver sensed what Marie was thinking.  And he smiled.  She
wanted release.  Release and freedom.  Freedom to hold him close.

She’d have to wait a little longer, he decided.  But it was difficult
for him too.  But he knew that soon she would be released from her
small prison.  And then she would be all his, and he would be hers.

Yes.  That thought alone kept him from tearing open the box right
here and now.

As the stars multiplied in the night sky, and the milky way came into
view, time ceased to have meaning for the two people on the beach. 
The one dozing in the sand, and the one dozing while sitting in a box.
