---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Full Body Suit
authors:
- Michelle
tags:
- M-f
- latex
- catsuit
- public
- cons
- X
date: 2002-12-20 00:00:00
---

**Michelle 6: Full Body Suit**

I’ve always had a passion
for latex, but had never had the courage to tell any of my boyfriends about
it.  Unfortunately, as a college student, I was always struggling
to make ends meet, and couldn’t indulge myself as much as I would have
liked.  Luckily, my relations all knew how broke I was, and generally
gave me cheques for Christmas and my birthday.  I had managed to save
enough to buy some small items but I had never managed to get enough to
pay for what I most longed to own – a full latex body suit.

Then I met Steve.

We met at a student disco
and, at first I was simply attracted by his incredibly sexy body – slim
but muscular.  It turned out that he was also very nice, easy-going
and with a terrific sense of fun.  I won’t say that he charmed my
pants off me – it was more a question of who was seducing who.

As I was in a girls-only
hall of residence, I didn’t invite him back to my room.  We ended
up in his flat.  He obviously didn’t have the financial problems that
I did.  He didn’t have to share his flat with any one else, and it
was pretty well furnished.

In the morning, when I woke
up, Steve was already in the kitchen fixing coffee or something, so I looked
around for a shirt to put on so that I could join him.  Opening a
drawer, I was stunned and then delighted to find a selection of latex wear
staring up at me.  He must share my passion!

The only things which he
had which were likely to fit me were a hood, some arm-length rubber gloves
and some rubber stockings.  I didn’t want to know why he had those,
but I doubt whether he had ever been short of a girlfriend to two!

I decided to take the bull
by the horns, so to speak.  I hurriedly dressed myself in the black
latex stockings and gloves and then picked up the hood.  It’s only
holes were for my nostrils and I wouldn’t be able to see at all. 
I hesitated for at least a second before I drew it on, and settled it down
so that my nose was properly lined up with the breathing holes.  Then,
naked apart from black rubber on my arms, legs and head, I felt may way
out of the bedroom into the kitchen.

I suppose one of the sorrows
of my life will always be that I couldn’t see Steve’s expression when he
first saw me in the doorway.  Still, his reaction was perfect. 
All sounds of work stopped.  I felt his hands first on my shoulders
and then around me drawing me into his arms.  Suddenly, he was squeezing
me so tightly that he lifted my feet off the ground.

In all the best bodice-rippers,
the hero sweeps the heroine up into his arms and lays her gently on the
bed.  He actually did that!  By now though, my hands were exploring
his body again and, suffice it to say, we missed our lectures that day
entirely.

That day, between bouts of
sensuous love-making, we talked long and passionately, and I confessed
my secret love of latex.  His was also a long-standing love of the
feel of the material next to his skin.  The main difference was that
he had been able to afford to indulge himself more, buying things that
I had never been able to afford.  The sadness in his life was that
he had never found a girl-friend who shared his passion.  Some would
indulge him for a while, but things never lasted.  But now he had
met me.

During that day, I found
that he owned my heart’s desire – a Michelle.  I helped him
put it on and luxuriated in the feel of his rubber-encased body moving
over my naked skin as we caressed and made love.

Over the following week,
we explored each other.  I loved the helplessness of wearing a rubber
hood.  I would put Blue-Tack plugs in my ears, ball gag and tape up
my mouth and put on a blindfold, before putting on the hood.  Unable
to see anything, hearing only a very limited range of sounds, and being
able to smell nothing but latex, my sense of touch was heightened. 
As I stood in front of him, naked apart from the hood, I felt totally vulnerable,
and incredibly turned on.  Steve could do with me whatever he wanted,
and I loved being able to surrender myself to his caresses.

Sometimes we would reverse
the roles a bit.  I would play the part of dominatrix.  I would
dress myself in red net split-crotch tights, red knee-length boots, a long-sleeved,
high-necked red latex leotard with a crotch zip, and a red latex open-faced
hood. 
This turned both of us on.  I have always loved the look of red latex,
rather than black – it shows off my body more clearly.  Then I would
dress Steve in long-sleeved latex bondage mitts, with his hands balled
into fists, and held like that by the rubber.  There was very little
he could do until I removed the gloves.  He was mine to command, and
I liked to prolong the experience, caressing him, and rubbing my body against
his, trying to raise him to an agony of anticipation.  It was sometimes
quite some time before I unzipped the crotch of my leotard, straddled him
and drew him into me.

As the term came to an end,
we decided to stay together over the break.  I planned to move in
with Steve, and told my parents that I would be staying up at college. 
My final fling in the hall of residence was the end of term disco. 
I got Steve a ticket, and was getting ready to meet him there when he knocked
on my room door.

In his hands was a package,
a present for me.  To my delight, when I opened it I discovered a
red latex body suit.  I couldn’t wait to try it on.  I stripped
off and pulled it on.  I had got it up to my waist when Steve stopped
me.  From the package he took out a pair of bondage mitts in my size. 
Fine by me!  I balled up my hands, one at a time, and he pulled the
mitts over my fist and up past my elbows.  Then he helped me complete
dressing in the body suit.  Next he got out my knee-length boots and
put them on me.

I stood up and started walking
up and down my room, feeling the complex movements of the latex skin as
my leg movements caused it to massage me in my most sensitive areas. 
It was pure heaven.

Then Steve got out the Blue
Tack, gag and full-face hood.  Very soon I was totally encased in
rubber, unable to see or hear, and only able to feel and smell rubber. 
And, with the bondage mitts on, I realised that I would stay that way until
Steve decided otherwise.

But Steve had ideas of his
own.  I felt myself being drawn to my feet and, before I quite realised
what was happening, he had me out of my room and was leading me down the
corridor.  I stopped moving.  I couldn’t speak so I shook my
head.  Steve pulled me forward, and when I resisted, I heard his muffled
voice speaking in my ear.

“You’re like that for the
evening, whether you like it or not.  We’re going to the disco, and
I’ll bring you back here when it finishes.  Console yourself, though. 
No-one will know who you are”.

And that’s just what he did. 
He led me down to the hall where the disco was set up and I could feel,
more than hear, the music playing.  At first he steered me to a seat,
and sat me down.  As I sat there, feeling the beat of the music, I
began to imagine all the people there staring at me, and wondering who
I was.  If I had enjoyed the feeling of helplessness before when wearing
a hood in the privacy of Steve’s flat, that was nothing like as powerful
a feeling as I was getting now.

As I imagined the people
round me, and not knowing whether Steve was near me or whether he has gone
off somewhere, I began to feel hotter and hotter inside.  This was
made more intense by the increasing warmth inside my rubber skin. 
I could feel myself becoming more and more moist.  If I hadn’t been
wearing the bondage mitts, I would have unzipped my crotch and helped myself
to as climax, and to hell with whoever was watching.

I was just starting to experiment
with what I could do with my balled fists inside the mitts, when I felt
hands drawing me upright.  Then, to my relief, I heard a muffled voice
in my ear.

“ We’re going to go out onto
the dance floor and you are going to dance with me.”

With that he drew me forward. 
After twenty paces or so, we stopped, and I was told to start dancing. 
At first, I simply jiggled round to the pulse of the music a bit but, the
more I did that, the more the latex massaged me and the more I got turned
on.  I started to move into a world of my own.  My movements
became bolder, as I started to lose my inhibitions, and as my juices flowed.

Suddenly I was shaken with
a shuddering orgasm, so strong that I almost fell over, and I felt strong
hands supporting me, hugging me and moving with me.  As the shudders
subsided, I was able to support myself again, and I was led off the dance
floor and back to a seat.

I completely lost track of
time that evening.  I would be left sitting for periods, lost in my
own fantasies of what would happen next, and then a hand would clasp me
round the wrist, and I would be led back to the dance floor.  There
I would stand and dance, not knowing who I was dancing with, or whether
I was standing alone, in a spotlight, with everyone watching me. 
I couldn’t tell and, as I had no control over where I was or what I was
doing, I didn’t care.  I trusted that Steve wouldn’t let me get hurt,
but he clearly wanted to show me off, and I was happy to oblige him in
my anonymity.

It must have been many hours
before I felt myself being led away from the music.  Mind, the time
hadn’t dragged – I had loved every minute of it.  Then I felt cooler
air on my the outside of my suit,  He was taking me outside! 
I thought of stopping to object, but I was totally under Steve’s control. 
At least, I hoped it was him I was with.

We walked some distance,
before he lead me down a slope onto a soft surface which I realised must
be sand.  He was taking me down onto the beach.  Here walking
was very difficult in my high-heeled boots but, fortunately, he didn’t
take me very far.  He lay me down on the sand and I felt him feeling
for the zip in my crotch.

As he drew the zip down,
I felt the coolness of the fresh air around my sensitive parts, but that
didn’t matter because I was more than ready for him.  As he entered
me, I wrapped myself around him and we made love with a passion which was
so different from the tender caresses of our previous occasions. 
I was demanding more and more from him, and he was obviously ready to oblige. 
It was a wild ride.

After we had recovered a
bit, he zipped me up again, struggling a bit to get it closed, but managing
it eventually.  Then he walked me back and, in the privacy of my own
room, he helped me out of my rubber, and joined me in the shower. 
I was looking forward to the coming college break.
