---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Slave Trade
authors:
- Seteyan
tags:
- F-m
- bond
- latex
- fem
- cd
- transform
- sexchange
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-02 00:00:00
---

I will admit that I knew something about her before I approached her that
fateful night.  Everyone knew something about her.  They called her
Vampirella behind her back, and told horror stories about her leaving men
broken and emotionally crippled.  A lot of guys said she was a lesbian, or
that she hated men, and that she was constantly trying to get back at
them.  She was also rumored to be a professional mistress, a dominatrix of
some sort, but I had seen her working at the lab downtown so I kinda
doubted that.

She certainly looked the part: She was six feet tall, with a set of
streamlined curves that could stop a train.  Her skin was pale, and her
hair dark and angular, always cut sharp and severe.  She wore little
makeup, except for the blood red lipstick, and she always wore some sort
of skintight outfit, a fetishist's dream really: all buckles and straps,
leather and latex.  And heels, thick six inch heels, which never stopped
her from gliding across a room.  She looked like a cross between Brigitte
Neilsen and Morticia Adams, starring in a 1930's silent movie.  I could
hardly help myself.

It was a Friday night, approximately two years ago.  My girl-friend, who I
had genuinely loved, had dumped me for another man.  Someone who was more
of a man than I was, that was how she put it. She dumped me on a
Wednesday, after avoiding me for a week, and I heard she had been sleeping
with this guy - Jason - for a month or more.  Our friends all knew.  They
looked at me with pity, like I was a leper.  So that Friday I went to this
bar, the only bar where I knew I would not run into my ex. I was not
drinking too much - I was depressed enough - when I saw her walk in.

The
thing about Kalli - that was in fact her real name - was that she had this
look about her, this desperate intensity that would have landed her in a
mental institution thirty years earlier.  Her eyes darted a million ways
at once, and she seemed to be holding a constant conversation with her
gloved hands, that moved like a Balinese dancer's.  I watched her that
night; she was dressed conservatively, in a tight black sweater, thick
wool, with a bunched up turtleneck, and a pair of black lurex pants, that
hugged her curves all the way to the floor. Some guys stared, some guys
died on the spot, most whispered the same old jokes to their friends,
Vampirella this, and lesbian that.  Kalli took no notice.  She glided, in
her strange platform shoes, to a quiet little corner, and ordered a drink.
 I wished some private wishes while I stared at her, living out a secret
fantasy or two, when I noticed her looking at me.  Her eyes were gray and
dark, and she looked like a black and white photograph in the dim light.
I stared back, and then I realized, Why not?  What could be worse than the
way I felt now?

And that was how I met Kalli.  She took me home that night.  She had
whispered mad things to me, strange little secrets and incredibly intimate
desires.  She seemed so desperate - in a way I felt sorry for her - but
mostly I just wanted her.  She really was beautiful, in an unreal way, and
she had made some lurid proposals that I found very exciting.  So she took
me home.  And her home, a basement apartment the size of a warehouse loft,
was just as strange as she was.  She sat me down on her monstrous four
poster, and offered me a drink of wine. I looked around, at the thick bars
of the headboard, the strange clothes strewn about the floor, the bloodred
velvet draping the walls.

That night was really incredible.  I remember it so well. She had taken
off her sweater, peeling off the thick black wool like an animal removing
its pelt, to reveal a bustier laced around her waist, a bustier of some
black rubbery material.  She stood there clutching her sweater, pawing it
like a cat.  Then she threw it in my lap, told me to feel it.  It was
incredible, staring up at this vision of loveliness, feeling myself grow
harder and harder, while she lectured me about her sweater, about how soft
it was, how thick.  She finally told me to put it on, to put on her
sweater so I would know how great it felt, and then she had done this
little dance while I slipped out of my shirt and into her sweater,
shivering out of her pants, while I stretched the sweater over my chest -
luckily I was thin - she was standing there dressed only in this corset,
while I grew hotter and harder in her little black sweater.

She wore no
underwear, no lines under her tight pants, and the black bush of her pubic
hair was the only thing I could see.  She had rubbed up against her own
sweater, grinding her crotch against my chest, while I felt her smooth ass
and legs.  The passion in Kalli was like a storm that comes on so suddenly
that everything is swept away in front of it.  She was on top of me in no
time, centering her pussy right over my face, then switching direction, so
I was licking that thin sensitive line between her mound and her asshole.
She took off my pants and pulled on my cock until I thought I would lose
control.  All my reserves faded when she did that, and I was licking
whatever I could, moving my tongue like a snake.  Then she pulled the
sweater down, stretching it over my sweat soaked chest, stretching it down
over my penis, until I was covered.  I arched my back, feeling the
friction between my cock and the wool, and then I went wild, arcing my
back, tasting every inch of her, pushing my penis into the tight sack of
the sweater.

And then I came.  I could hardly stop myself, the feelings were so
intense.  I felt her purr, nestling herself into the curve of my face as
I gasped and groaned with release.  I was seeing white flashes, but
already I was thinking about leaving, and I felt a little panic as her
weight increased on top of my face.  I suppose I felt ashamed at finishing
so quickly, at cumming on her sweater.  What ever I felt it never could
have prepared me for what came next.

She sat up, still squatting on my chest, and sad something quiet-like, she
said, "Bad.  Badbadbad."  Like she was talking to a child.

I started to
apologize, but she slid off of me and pulled my arms above my head.  I was
still lying flat, so I assumed she wanted to pull the sweater off over my
head and I sat up with my arms up, waiting for her to take the sweater
off. Like a kid. And she did lift the sweater up above my head, and for an
instant I was in the dark, my face covered by thick layers of wool, and in
that instant I felt something close around my wrists, something heavy and
tight. I struggled, trying to free myself, breathing quick now through the
thick weave of the sweater, then something snapped me back down to the
bed, and I was laying flat, the sweater still around my face, my pants
bunched around my ankles.  I cried out, once, from beneath the thick
sweater, then her hand closed around my semi-soft penis and I was quiet.

She pulled my pants away from my ankles with one hand, and then pulled the
sweater back down to my clammy chest.  My skin began to itch, but there
was little I could do.  She gripped my penis in one hand and said, "Spread
your legs." I obeyed without hesitation.  She locked both ankles into
restraints cleverly concealed in the footboard. Then she did the strangest
thing, she pulled the sweater back down around my crotch, pulled it tight
over my hardening penis, and fastened it somehow between my legs.  It felt
like she laced it closed between my legs, but maybe it had snaps at the
bottom.  It really felt like I had been sown into this sweater and I might
never get out.  My own cum was cold and clammy around my penis as I rubbed
up against the same spot that had made me finish moments earlier.  I
strained against the manacles, but they were not moving.  And then I felt
myself growing hard again, which was surprising because I was pretty
scared, but I felt my penis expanding against the wool and I shivered
across every inch of my body.

She returned at that moment, she had changed into a long black nightgown,
and she looked eerily beautiful. She ran her hand up my legs, across my
sweatered crotch, up to my chin.  I shivered again.  She raised my head
up, placing a pillow behind my neck, and told me to drink the milky white
concoction she held to my lips.  I hesitated for a moment, thinking
poison, thinking escape, but she stroked my rising cock, now a distinctive
lump under the sweater, and I followed her orders.

As I drank she said, "I know this is what you want, lets just find out if
you know."

The liquid was salty and sweet at the same time.  Before I even had
finished drinking it all, my mind exploded and the room seemed to beat
like the inside of a heart.  Kalli took a silver pendant from behind her
back and let it swing slowly in front of my eyes.  It was like an anchor
in my otherwise distorted world. Kalli elongated, stretched into a narrow
caricature of herself. My own body shifted and blurred, and then Kalli was
at my ear whispering completely alien words into my head.  And as she
whispered I watched my body change, I watched the sweater expand at my
chest as two singular globes appeared, two full breasts that stretched the
sweater out until I thought I could see a glimpse of white flesh through
the weave.  After a moment all I could see were the breasts but I did
notice my penis no longer felt hard, and my whole body felt different,
thinner and rounder at the same time.

I started to panic at that point, I could almost feel my masculinity
dissappearing, and I thrashed my body back and forth, watching incredously
as my breasts undulated with me. I caught a glimpse of my legs and they
looked pale and unfamiliar. I called out - And then I was back.   I looked down at my body and it was all there, I
could feel my penis against the sweater, my long legs were my own.  Kalli
still stood over me, shivering with excitement.  She kept whispering,
"Almost. ALMOST."

I wrenched at the bonds with all my strength, but I have never been that
strong. Lean and skinny.  Now I wished I had worked out more. Kalli tried
to calm me down, whispering quiet words, but I shouted and screamed
obscenities, empty threats really because she knew I could not free
myself.  Finally she pulled a ball gag out of a chest at the foot of the
bed and slipped it over my head.  A ball gag is a sort of open leather
helmet whose express purpose is to fasten a rubber ball between the
victims lips.  It looks like an eloborate bridle, and this one locked
behind my head.  I struggled some more, tasting rubber and that strange
potion, and then Kalli simply left.  The lights went out and I was left in
the dark.

**Part Two**

How I was I to know what was to come? I had gone home with Kalli only
because I was feeling sorry for myself. Well that, and the fact that I
found her incredibly attractive. I found her attractive, and I REALLY
found her clothes attractive, so when I woke up the next day, no longer
bound, no longer wearing the sweat and cum soaked sweater, the first thing
I did was look in her closet. She wasn't around, and I had begun to think
that most of what had happened last night was a dream. I mean how could I
ever have grown breasts that fast?

So I tip-toed out of bed and over to the closet. It was a walk-in closet
and enormous. I found the light switch and eased it on. I have always
been excited by women's closets, by the illicit nature of looking in a
woman's clothes, and Kalli's closet was the most exciting thing I had ever
seen. It was full of drawers and boxes of strange lingerie, rows and rows
of lycra and latex dresses, an entire section devoted to rubber clothes.
Chains and harnesses hung on the back wall, and next to that was a
beautiful latex catsuit stretched out on a hanger, dangling in front of my
eyes.

I hesitated. I shouldn't be in here. I shouldn't do this. But before I
knew it I had the catsuit stretched up my thin frame. I was almost the
same height as Kalli, and maybe even thinner in some parts of my body. It
fit like a glove. I had always wanted to try one of these on. All my
life, as a closet crossdresser, I had wanted to feel this tight, shiny
clothing surround my body. Unconsciously I rubbed my stiffening penis, a
firm lump under the wet looking fabric.

Then the door opened. Of course it was Kalli. She looked slightly
shocked, but then smiled a crooked smile, which hardly mattered as I
melted with embarrassment. The suit felt hot and tight and I furiously
clawed at the back zipper. I could not look at her, I was flushed and near
death with embarrassment. She laughed, short croaking laughs, and
approached me. I spun back into the closet, colliding with a row of
dresses and crashing to the floor.

She looked at me on the floor, and smiled again. She said, "Relax - I knew
you were..this way... when I met you. I only want to help."

She reached out her hand and pulled me to my feet. She was strong. She
said, "Now stand there. Let me look at you."

And she paced around me. Trailing her fingers over my body.

"I can help, but you have to do everything I say." She emphasized this
last point by stroking her hand across my soft penis. She stroked me
again and whispered in my ear, "Everything." I felt myself stiffen through
the latex. She whispered the word again. She said to just nod if I
agreed, and as she caressed my shiny body, I nodded my surrender. It was
not a hard decision, although I did keep thinking about the night before,
about the weird hallucinations, and the bondage. Actually it was all
suddenly exciting. There is nothing more exciting than surrendering.

Kalli led me into the bathroom where she stripped me, and inspected my
body. She spent some time shaving my legs, which had never happened
before, but she did not touch the little hair I had on my chest. She
constantly appraised my form, making comments to herself.

When my legs were smooth and my body clean, she led me out into the
bedroom. She was constantly touching my cock, and constantly asking me if
I wanted to be a woman. Of course with her hand on my penis I answered
yes every time, with a moan.

She began to exhort me, telling me to speak in a higher voice, telling me
to beg to be a woman. Then she brought out her corset, the same corset
she had been wearing the night before. It was made of some sort of boned
and reinforced rubber, thick like whalehide, and topped off by an
elaborate bustier. The bottom ended in a sort of half girdle and a set of
industrial size garters, four in total. She slid it onto my body and
locked it in back with some sort of levered clasp that pulled it tight
around my waist. She asked me if I wanted breasts, breasts like hers, and
would not respond until I answered in a high, feminine voice. As you may
have guessed I am not the most masculine guy around and none of this was
that hard for me. But it was still humiliating, humiliating and exciting
at the same time.

She tightened the corset further after inserting some globular
breastforms, thick jelly filled sacks with a skin-like coating of rubber.
I was admiring them when she pulled a pair of lycra panties up my legs,
bodyshapers that lifted my ass up and held my hard penis tight against my
stomach. Then Kalli rolled some fishnet stockings up my smooth legs and
attached the garters. I admired my new form in the mirror in the closet.
Although my male face looked out, I was definitely looking like some sort
of female hybrid. Kalli smiled, asking again if I really wanted to be a
woman. I purred yes in my new voice. She told me to amuse myself in her
closet while she went and got some things, and I almost burst with
excitement.

I slid into long stretchy tube dresses made of lycra and lace, I tried on
a miniskirt of rubber and a tank top of fishnet. I looked great. I
pushed against my buried cock while modeling a wet looking bodysuit made
of lurex or spandex or some sort of plastic. I loved the way it snapped at
my crotch and remembered briefly the sweater she had forced me to wear
last night. And then I found it, a grey black angora sweater dress, cut at
the thigh with long luxurious sleeves. I slipped into it and caressed
myself in a blur of pleasure.

I might have cum then had not Kalli returned
with two additions to this strange courtship: a latex hood that framed
the face in black plastic, securing at the neck, and sporting a long blond
ponytail out of the back. And a pair of shoes, sharp heels with little
straps that wove around the ankles. Once Kalli had me in those two
accessories I was a woman. To my eyes I was a woman. And the kind of woman
I had always fantasized about.

Kalli kept up her barrage of questions,
while coaching me on how to walk, how to sway, how to sit, and how to
talk. When I got it wrong she spanked me, sending a jolt through my ass
and cock, or she threatened to tie me up and keep me bound and gagged like
a woman until I thought I could behave. And I tried, teetering across the
floor, arching my back so my breasts stretched out the yielding sweater.
It was almost too much for me. Every time I saw myself I was overcome with
desire. Kalli noticed, and seemed to get angry.

She disappeared into the
closet herself finally and emerged dressed in a leather halter top and a
strange sort of harness girdle. She went to the chest by the bed and
returned with a dildo attached to her harness, hanging off her feminine
waist like an obtrusively thick sausage. I watched her fearfully. She
shouted, "Walk." I tried my best in my heels, beginning to feel the
strain in my toes. I stretched and preened for her, trying to impress
her. She circled me, feeling my ass, groping me. Calling me a slut. A
whore. And I had to agree, or she would have tied me up and beat me.

Finally she demanded that I service her, and with the last vestiges of
embarrassment burning in my face, I dropped to my knees and sucked on her
dildo. It tasted like rubber and something sweet. She held my head right
below the fake ponytail and moaned idly, making encouraging sounds. She
sounded more and more like a man, or at least like a stereotypical man. I
sucked her until I felt my lips grow numb, and then Kalli did a passable
imitation of a man cumming. Maybe she really was cumming. I almost
expected something to come out of the dildo. Then she told me to fix my
lipstick, and handed me a tube of bright red lipstick that smelled of
lanolin. I felt so strange kneeling there in front of her. Like I had
changed.

She said, "Now I am going to fuck you." I looked up at her. She
said, "Don't worry baby I'll be gentle."

"Do you want me to fuck you?" she asked, and I nodded yes, a dazed look on
my face.

She went to the closet and came back with a bunch of straps and fasteners,
bars and cuffs. She was also carrying a little spandex minidress, and
when I say little I mean it looked like it was made for a small child.
She told me to take off my pretty sweater, and I quickly replaced it with
the minidress. It was so tight, and so revealing there could be little
doubt what someone was looking for if they wore it. It barely covered my
crotch, and the fabric seemed almost like a second skin around my breasts.
To top it all off it was striped, two different shades of red, so that
every curve was accentuated.

Kalli stared at me with naked lust. I felt something new, then, some sort
of submission to her desire, and I bowed my head at the force of it. She
dangled the restraints in her hand and laughed.

**Part 3**

I stared at myself in the mirror, as Kalli fit the first of the straps
around my hips, the next around my waist, the third just below my breasts.
 I could not believe that the creature being bound in this body restraint
was me.  There was still a trace of maleness in my face, but my figure was
that of a woman. My legs were long and beautiful, white through the weave
of the fishnet.  I looked like a woman, and more like a hooker than
anything else.

I turned slightly as she slipped the last two loops of leather over the
top of my breasts and at my neck.  The spandex dress she dressed me in
that night, and a few nights after that, seemed to welcome the help of the
leather straps, as if the fabric itself could not hold my false curves. I
licked my red lips, amazed at the transformation.

Kalli finished locking the five concentric straps around my body.  They
were joined in the front and back by stiff strips of rubber, so that I was
held in a bird cage of leather belts.  At my breasts, false though they
were, the straps were squeezed together, forcing them out from my body in
a painful sort of way.  I remember that feeling of being displayed, like a
trussed animal.

Kalli leered at me. She said, "Feel your breasts." And when I put my hands
around my taut globes she locked manacles around my wrists and elbows, and
to the body retraint, so that my arms were pinned to my sides and my hands
stuck in the act of feeling my own tits.  She laughed then and pushed me
down on the bed.  She pulled my panties down, watching greedily as my soft
cock spilled precum onto my stomach.  She spread my legs, and using two
pairs of handcuffs she locked my ankles to the leather strap at my waist,
which effectively spread my legs for her.

I thought she looked that night like a fully aroused man, her dildo still
strapped on her harness like some sort of obscene hermaphrodite.  My own
penis stayed soft, until she squirted some sort of lubricant around my
butthole, and eased the head of the dildo against my "tight little cunt"
as she called it.  I got very hard then, I thought I might even cum, but
then she pushed her way in, and I got softer and softer with the pain,
even as I bucked my tightly bound body to her rhythm.  She fucked me
slowly, never really hurting me that much.  She urged me on, telling me to
feel myself, to moan, to please her like the slut that I was.

And then I came, my soft penis suddenly welling up and delivering an
enormous amount of cum all over my thigh.  It dripped down to my ass and I
felt it join with the lubrication as she continued fucking me.  I was
ashamed again, ashamed at cumming like that. Kalli must have been pleased,
she smiled and stroked me, sighing with her own twisted pleasure.

I was surprised at how little it hurt to be fucked, at the thrill of being
on the receiving end of the pleasure.  Kalli eased her dildo out of me
finally, and pranced away into the bathroom.  I was left there, bound up
like an animal.  In fact I was thinking of those muzzles that dogs often
have to wear, when Kalli slipped up behind me and shoved a sodden rubber
ball into my mouth.  I clamped down in surprise and my mouth was filled
with some sort of liquid, something salty and sweet. I swallowed
desperately, trying to breath through my nose.  Kalli had already tied the
ball off around my head, so that it was wedged firmly in my mouth.  I
sucked another mouthful down as panic rose in my throat.  I remembered the
taste, it was the milky liquid Kalli had forced upon me that first night.
I thrashed in my bounds, but it did no good. The room was rapidly spinning
and I was losing touch with reality again.

Kalli unlocked my ankles and pulled me to my feet.  I stared at my
reflection in the mirror, a messy apparittion, all leather and red lycra,
a pink ball appearing between my smeared red lips.  The liquid was really
affecting my perceptions, and the mirror swam before my eyes. Kalli was right at my ear. She said, "Is this how you want to be?" and she
turned me sideways and lifted my flacid cock out from my body.  Her grip
tightened, and the feeling went from pleasure to pain.  Fear gripped me,
and my reflection suddenly seemed hideous, like some sort of clown. 
Kalli was screaming at me, and I felt weak suddenly, like I might pass
out, but then her grip relaxed.

"This is how you want to be", she whispered in my ear.

The leather belts confining me fell away. Kalli was at my feet slipping
something up over my legs, something like flesh covered underpants. She
pulled them up over my crotch, being careful to tuck my soft penis down
below my legs.  They were tight and somehow comforting.  While I stared at
my curvaceous body Kalli fit the high heels back onto my  feet, and pulled
the spandex dress down over my crotch.  In my delusional state I started
to look better, even beautiful and I relaxed.  Kalli cooed her approval,
smoothing the dress over my flat crotch.  She removed the ball gag and
kissed me.  She took me into the bathroom and still whispering in my ear,
removed the latex helmet and slipped a wig over my short blond hair.  The
long blonde wig matched my coloring, and even as I watched Kalli touched
up my face with makeup, not a lot, but enough to make me belivable.  Then
she took me into the bedroom again and asked me what I wanted to wear.  I
smiled demurely, pointing at the sweater dress on the floor.  When she
pulled that over my body I felt the sharp tang of reality returning, but
it was too late. I was too far gone.  I wanted this now, I wanted to be
this beautiful creature now, so I resisted.

Kalli must have seen it in my eyes, because she returned with more of the
frothy milkwhite liquid and I drank it eagerly. Kalli treated me so sweetly that evening, taking pictures, walking me
around the apartment, kissing me.  Then she put me in a sleek black
nightgown, and put me to bed.  I actually slept curled up on her chest, as
she brushed the hair out of my face.

I think I dreamt of men, men with beautiful bodies. I can't really
remember, I mean this was a year or two ago.  I do remember waking up, and
once again I was myself.  There was no lingerie, no wig.  Maybe I thought
I saw a trace of lipstick but I could not be sure.  Kalli was still in
bed, and I stared at her beautiful naked body outlined by the bedsheets.
And I remember a strange sense of longing that morning as I waited for her
to wake up, longing and jealousy.

When she finally did get up she acted like nothing had happened, and I
played along.  We both wore normal summer kimonos, unisex, and talked
about normal things, almost like a couple.  She seemed very happy, and
after a while I figured that the whole thing had been either a passing
fantasy of hers, or some sort of hallucination on my part.

That afternoon she took me shopping, and we ended up at this trendy
clothes boutique I knew by sight.  I thought maybe she was teasing me, as
she tried on tight Versace dresses, and Gaultier fetish suits.  But it
really felt like we were a couple, out shopping, having fun.  She bought a
few things, some strange mesh tights and really tight, long skirt, and
finally a pair of platform heels that seemed impossible to actually wear,
but they were beautiful.

We returned to her apartment, and ate Japanese take out.  She laughed at
my jokes, and got pretty drunk on sweet plum wine. And then it came to
that point in the evening, when conversation ceases and contact takes
over.  I reached for her, caressing her smooth thigh under her skintight
pants.  I kissed her firm round lips.  But for some reason it felt wrong.
I pressed on, but all I could think of was last night. The image of my
curvaceous body in that long blonde wig floated in front of my eyes.  I
felt my hard on wilt in my pants.  Kalli must have sensed it too, she
stopped my caresses and smiled down at me, touching my embarassingly soft
cock.

She said, "Why don't you change into something more comfortable?" And I
felt my penis stiffen under her hand.  It was loke a jolt of electricity.
I stood up and went into the bedroom.  Somehow I knew where to find the
right clothes to wear: a long line bra, for those seductive breastforms,
and matching panties and stockings in black.  I fit the ponytail mask back
over my head, thrilling to the sight of my emerging femininity.  I painted
my lips bright red, and then I pulled on long latex gloves, easing them up
past my elbows.

I was so ready to please her.  I minced across the bedroom in the high
heels that fit me.  When I opened the door I was shocked to see Kalli
lounging on the sofa, her pants undone, and an enormous cock sticking up
straight off her body.  She looked up at me dreamily, and for a second I
thought I had started to hallucinate.  She looked so real sitting there,
like a man ready to masturbate, but as I got closer I saw that it was yet
another dildo, cast from life though with impeccable details.

She smiled and said between her teeth, "Get on your knees."

I dropped in front of her, and crawled slowly up her legs, to her crotch.
 Some sort of movie of female seduction played in my mind as I eased the
head past my lips. And then I was sucking her fake dick, and it felt so
real, she moaned with pleaure, and I arched my body for her, trying to
please her more.  When the first drops of white liquid oozed out of the
dildo I barely questioned it.  It all felt so real.  I suppose she had
some sort of pump under her equipment, and as I sucked she released more
of the liquid.  I thought the taste seemed familiar, but I kept bobbing my
head up and down.  Then I remembered, the same liquid as the last two
nights, and as I remembered all that had come before, Kalli thrust my head
down on her latex tool and pumped a mouthful of that alien "cum" into my
mouth.  I looked up at her, feeling the world start to expand, and she was
smiling cruelly, all hints of playtime gone from her features.

"Suck me dry, you slut", was what she said, and I shuddered with
fear...and delight.

**Part 4**

That was how the days continued, and that was how Kalli bound me to her,
both physically and chemically.  I could tell I was addicted somehow to
the milky concoction that Kalli had fed me that first night. And I could
tell it was changing me.  I assumed, in my warped half-male world, that
there must have been female hormones in those injections, and that Kalli
was preparing to change me utterly and totally into a woman.  I found out
later that I was wrong.  Kalli was screwing with my gender, that was true,
dressing me each night in another warped costume of desire, but the
chemicals were playing havoc with my pleasure centers, not my hormones.  I
don't know to this day that much about the brain and pleasure and how it
all works, but I do know that heroin works on the same principle - addicts
describe it as being better than sex - and these drugs were hitting me in
the same way.

So every night, or day, whenever the fancy took her, Kalli would turn my
world inside out, dressing me like a doll, and force me to beg for a hit.
When it became clear that I only received the chemical when I was dressed
like a woman, or really only when I dressed and acted like a whore, a
slut, a sex slave, I became fixated on that moment when she would allow me
to enter her closet. I waited for the word, the commmand.  My will was
really not my own.

Many days I would be stripped naked, tied in a full body restraint, my
arms pinned back and attached to manacles on my ankles, while Kalli
dressed herself, in those clothes, those clothes that had attracted me in
the first place.  And when I was forced to watch, I would grow hard and
desperate, eager to dress that way myself.  It was pathetic really.  I was
as tall as Kalli, slender but not skinny, and in any other circumstance I
would have enjoyed the sight of her, dressed in a latex catsuit, propped
up on six inch heels.  But now all I could think off was being dressed
that way too.  Kalli mocked my erection, she never let me touch myself
unless I was dressed like a woman, and I began to feel a sense of disgrace
at my male form, my cock which afforded me no pleasure unless it were
buried under layers of lace and latex and nylon.

For a month it continued like this.  It was, to say the least, a strange
month.  Time did not seem to pass in Kalli's basement loft.  She did leave
every once in a while, and she either left me bound in one of her
ingenious devices, or locked into female clothing that would have gotten
me arrested on the outside.  Of course I didn't really want to leave;
Kalli had also wormed out of me every single fetish I had ever
entertained, what clothes really got to me, all my secret desires.  She
went out and bought shoes and boots, elaborate bodystockings, and even had
a dress of angora made, long and slim, all the way to my ankles.  She
herself took to wearing tighter and tighter sweaters around the house,
driving me mad with desire.  She made me beg to wear them, and when I was
finally allowed she increased the size of my breast forms so that I barely
fit in them.  She really had made me into an obscene parody of herself,
and she often pointed it out, laughing at my body next to hers.  She made
me jealous, to the point of insanity, which of course was exactly what she
wanted.

One night, after she had me lap up the milky chemical from her breasts, I
begged her to give me a sex change, to let me become what she was.  She
laughed at that suggestion.

"Why?", she asked. "You are a handsome man, you have every opportunity in
this world...why do you want to be, like me?"

And she stretched her body luxuriously, I remember she was wearing only a
pair of thigh high boots. Nothing else.

But I continued to beg, and she seemed to grow more excited, until I was
literally at her feet, while she began to touch herself, towering over me.
 I went to kiss her engorged clit, she did have an enormous clitoris when
she became excited, but she waved me away, told me to finish myself.  So I
knelt there in front of her, me in fishnet stockings and an incredibly
tight black sweater that showed off my d-cup white corset, and Kalli in
her shiny black thigh-high boots, we masturbated right there in front of
each other, and actually finished at the same moment, which seemed to make
Kalli so happy, she actually lowered her cunt onto my softening penis and
cooed happily.

I remember it all because the next night changed my life forever.

She had left the house for the entire afternoon, leaving me in a coccoon
of lycra; it locked at my neck leaving me snake-like, a head and a
formless fabric sock of a body, which was in itself terribly exciting.  So
I writhed around on the floor, trying to grasp at the articles of clothing
strewn about, feeling my hard-on stretch against the fabric. Kalli had
dosed me before she left, and I was terribly excited, but I knew if I came
in the lycra sack she would punish me horribly.

When she finally returned she had such a gleam in her eye, but she ignored
me as she attached a fascinating array of restraints to the bedframe. I
wondered what she had in store, and actually became even more excited at
the thought that all of this could be meant for me.  I rememeber she
finally let me out of the coccoon, and we ate Indian take-out (Kalli ate
nothing but take-out), while she squirmed and giggled.  I was naked, fully
male, more than a little self-conscious, but Kalli made it worse by
looking at my body like she might examine a dress she was about to buy.
She turned me this way and that, remarking on my lean body, pulling at my
chest hairs.  She even checked my penis and balls, which made me feel like
a slave on the block.

Finally she lead me into the bedroom, I remember the sun was going down,
and the light slid in through the window wells, all orange and gold.
Kalli was dressed for the street at this point, but even so she looked
beautiful in a narrow skirt and loose tank top.  I remember thinking how
lovely she really was.  She took me into the closet and dressed me
hurriedly. not caring about believability or how feminine I looked.  She
slapped a garter belt around my waist and pulled the matte black stockings
up my legs. I remember thinking I needed to shave my legs, but there was
no time for that. Next Kalli pulled a skintight bodysuit down my body, it
was made of some polymorphous material and looked wet and shiny, and she
buttoned the snaps under my balls. And I rememeber she lingered there,
brushing the silky fabric across my penis. She was obviously incredibly
excited and it ran through me like electricity.  I started to pulse with
desire, my cock hard as a rock.  I did not need the fake the breasts, the
makeup.  I watched her undress, lingering over her stockings and bra.  She
watched me carefully as she fit her dildo harness around her naked waist.

She said, "Pick out some clothes for me, I'll be right back."

She had never done this, never allowed me to dress her, and I wondered
what she had in store for me.  I had pulled through the corsets and latex
and was moving onto the dresses when she returned.  She held in her hands
a large dildo that driped with milky-white "cum", the chemical I craved,
and as I watched she licked the bulbous head, licked the cum from her own
dildo. I shuddered with excitement, with desire.  She watched me crawl on
my knees through the closet, over the piles of clothes I had selected,
crawl to her for just a taste of that substance.  She continued to hold it
to her lips, while I begged at her feet.  Finally she relented and let me
have a taste.  It ran through me like wildfire.

The room had shifted slightly, the walls pulsed with my own ragged
breathing.  Kalli had me chained down on the bed, locked manacles around
my wrists, and attached to each manacle an enormous weight, 50 pounds
each, hanging off of the bed, stretching my arms Christ- like out from my
body.  My stocking feet were not manacled, although there were manacles
there at the foot of the bed.  Stranger still there were ropes from the
weights up to the upper framework of the bed, leads that went up and over
the upper canopy, and down to two other manacles, hanging a good four feet
off of the mattress.  I had seen Kalli do some bizzare things with her
bed, the canopy of which was ten feet off the floor, but this was strange.
 I strained against the weights but I could not raise my arms.  And then
Kalli was there, on top of me, the dildo strapped to her waist.  She had
on one of the tighter corsets she had often made me wear, one that lifted
and pushed her tits together, and flared out at the waist.  It seemed very
lightweight but I knew from experience it was remarkably tight.  Two thick
garters hung down in front and two in back, to the broad black tops of
intricate mesh stockings. She was also wearing an obscenely tight little
sweater, black mohair, her nipples plainly visible through the dark weave.
She looked remarkable, and she eased her way up my chest, bringing the
bulbous dildo towards my straining mouth.  As the full two inches of the
helmet passed my lips I began to see stars.  The liquid, what was stored
inside the bloated dildo, oozed into my mouth and I started to twist and
turn with ecstasy.

The vision of Kalli, lovingly coaxing her penis into my mouth, Kalli
dressed in nothing but my fantasies, leaning over me, that will be
something that I will never forget.  And I suppose it will be something
that many other people will never forget.

When I had sucked her dry, and was in the full grips of the narcotic,
Kalli returned, with a few additions to her costume.   She was wearing a
pair of stilleto heels that seemed crueler than all the rest, it seemed
impossible that she could actually walk in them.  And she was also wearing
more makeup than I had ever seen her wear, deep red rouge, cherry colored
lips, blue-green eyeshadow.  She looked, and this was through my drug
induced haze, she looked like a whore, like the slut she constantly forced
me to be.  She even wore gloves, and she moved differently, like a
well-trained hooker.  I was mesmerized by her new appearance even as she
climbed on top of me, knees bent, her rouged clitoris over my straining
cock.

And then she did something totally bizarre, she locked her own ankles in
the manacles at the foot of the bed, right above the straps of her seven
inch heels.  I was too far gone to even wonder why.  I pushed against the
fabric of my bodysuit, feeling the wetness grow there. Kalli's red
fingernails suddenly unsnapped the bodysuit from my crotch, and my dick
sprang free.  She teased her fingernails up the shaft, when had her nails
gotten so long?

And then Kalli kissed me, filling my mouth with her tongue.  Kalli had
only kissed me a few times, so I was surprised, but seconds later I was
even more surprised as Kalli put her hands through the manacles hanging
from the canopy, the ones attached to the enormous weights at my wrists.
I do know that I found all of this incredibly erotic, and I was now
completely in the grips of the chemical rush, the rush that felt like
three orgasms happening at once.

At this point I usually lose my grip on
reality, but as I watched, Kalli pulled a small necklace out from under
her sweater, and I watched it glitter and sway.  I thought I remembered
seeing it before, but now it was my entire world, and Kalli was whispering
sweet songs into the air, rubbing her wet vagina back and forth over my
cock. There was only the glittering medal in front of me, Kalli's twisting
silohuette behind, and the feeling of her silky wet sex rubbing across my
shaft.  I felt my penis jump with pleasure, and for an instant I was
inside of her, but she leaned forward, leaving me hanging on the edge of
her clitoris.  And then she reached down, one hand at each of my wrists,
and she could just reach my wrists with her own hands in the manacles.
For an instant her body was parallel with mine, her breasts touching my
chest, and then she flipped a catch on the manacles, and the weights
dropped to the floor. My arms were free, and as the weights fell with a
crash the ropes were yanked taut, and Kalli's own wrists were pulled up
over her head.  She was pulled back and I felt my penis sink deep inside
of her. She dangled above my penis and I pushed into her. The glittering
medallion fell between the sweatered mounds of her breasts, and I heard
her cry out, seven alien words, all in rapid succesion, as she fucked me,
up and down, gripping me with the walls of her vagina deep inside of her.
I heard her cry out, and then everything changed, my vision blurred, my
body melted.

And then I was being fucked.  I felt it.  Something was sliding in and out
of me.  It was the first thing I felt in my new world, even before my
vision cleared and I looked down and saw -
my own face staring up at me.

**Part 5 Kalli Migration.**

There are no words, no coherent thoughts, to describe the feeling of
suddenly looking down and seeing your own face looking up at you. And the
way Kalli had rigged it, right there in the middle of the sex act, I was
quite literally - fucked.

She had lured me, trained me to want her, and deeper than that, to want to
be her.  I didn't even know how deep she had gone, with her psychoactive
drugs and sexual conditioning.  The last vision of her, swaying in front
of my eyes, all leather and lace, that was suddenly replaced by a riot of
feelings and sensations.  The world is different for each person, but I
never realized how different.  I reeled back in horror, but as Kalli had
bound herself, so I was bound.  Because I was now inside Kalli.  My mind,
my self had been transplanted.  And I didn't have any doubts where Kalli
had gone.  As I watched, my arms dangling in the air, my ankles locked to
the footboard, I saw a smile spread across the face that had been mine.
The feeling of penetration, the first thing I had felt in this world, that
ceased, as Kalli stood up in MY body, quivering like a maniac, and IN MY
VOICE said, "I've done it."

"I've done it."

A sane man would have gone mad then, to be suddenly in the body of
another, but I had been primed for this moment, and I only fainted.

When I woke up I was lying in bed, Kalli had at least undone the straps
that held my wrists, but I was still dressed like the vamp that Kalli had
been.  I was still wearing an oppresively tight corset, my breasts, MY
BREASTS! shoved out in front of me, and a thin sweater stretched over
them.  I rolled over and looked a my stockinged legs.  They were long and
beautiful, but were they mine?

I feel strange trying to relive those emotions, because there is no way on
earth to really impart the feeling of such utter and complete change.  I
might have sat there all day staring at my body, had not the corset
suddenly have become too tight to bear, and I rolled around frantically
undoing the ties in the back. Once I had started, I continued to get
undressed, pulling the sordid rags from my body.  I felt the makeup smear
across my face as I pulled the sweater from my bare breasts, and I
suddenly needed to be clean.

So I showered my new body, and in the bathroom I realized it was indeed my
body.  And aside from the shock, it was not altogether horrible.  Kalli's
body was firm and tall, with a beautiful angularity, set off by the firm
round breasts and curved hips.  I scrubbed the makeup from my face and
stared into my eyes - my eyes: dark grey orbs as mysterious as the first
time I had seen them.  I blinked, and wondered then where my body had
gone. Then I wanted to get dressed.

Let me explain, if I haven't already, I have always been a cross-dresser,
ever since the age of 13, when I put on Mrs. Penn's white pantyhose.  She
was away, I was watering her plants when I came across them.  I won't ever
forget that feeling, stretching queen-sized pantyhose up over my thin
waist, almost up to my armpits.  And later I experimented with other
women's clothes.  But here I was in a woman's body.

I hesitated as I walked into Kalli's closet.  I was still terrified,
terrified at what at happened to me, terrified at the sensations
assualting me, but my baser instincts were taking over. I ran my hands
along the rack of clothes, feeling the various textures.  In the mirror at
the end of the closet I watched my naked body slowly approach the latex
catsuit I had enjoyed so much as a boy.  In a breathless state of
excitement I slithered the latex up my body, turning my curved figure in
the mirror. As I backed up I tripped over a high heel platform shoe, and
realized with a start that all of the shoes would fit me now.  I pulled on
shoe after shoe, walking with comparitive ease on even the slimmest heel.
I delved into Kalli's deepest drawer, pulling out even the most mundane
piece of clothing to try it on. I was reveling in the look of this body
under all of these diffferent outfits, all of the lycra, and wool, and
plain cotton, and cire, all of the cheap t-shirts, and swim suits, and
rubber dresses and bodystockings, and all of the sweaters.  There is
nothing like that first moment of pulling that mohair sweater down over my
breasts, bra-less as I recall, and feeling the soft fabric stir the blood
in my nipples, watching the fabric raise up in two perfect little thimble
sized bumps, at the apex, where the fabric stretched thinnest.  That was
when I realized it wasn't just about playing dress up.  As the electricity
shot through me, I reached down and stroked my curly haired pubic mound,
now fully in the grip of female lust.  It was so different from male lust,
like a slow inexorable tide, nothing fast and violent in it.  I lay down
on the bed and fondled myself forever.  When I felt the first orgasm it
was like a shock.  I quickly found a dildo and felt myself spasm again at
the first penetration.

After an hour of mindless self-masturbation, I heard a knock on the door.
I remember the old sense of dread, of being discovered wearing women's
clothes washed over me, and then I realized again that things had changed.

I glanced in the mirror as I pulled on a pair of leggings. The sweater, I
had never taken it off, was hot and sweaty, but I didn't feel like
changing.  The knocking again.  I tossed my black hair to the side of my
face. My breasts bounced as I ran towards the door to Kalli's basement
loft.  Again there was that tinge of shame, but it passed.  I opened the
door, thinking it might be Kalli, or me, or whatever had become of my
body, but instead it was just the delivery boy from the nearby sushi
restaurant.  He was holding a plastic bag, and an envelope.

As the light hit my body, his eyes flashed briefly across my body,
lingering on the white flesh peeking through the thin mohair sweater.  I
stared at him shocked. He finally handed me the package, stammering something about my boyfriend,
and this letter. Once he had left, his eyeful a sufficient tip, I opened
the envelope.

The letter inside was written in oddly familiar handwriting.  It said:
'Sorry, I needed your body, hope you like the one I left you with, signed
Trajine Kali'  and below that, a P.S., 'Check the black appointment book.'

I found the book on the hall table.  Inside were days of the week, times
penciled in on every page,  men's names, and beneath each name a careful
description of a bizarre sexual fetish or desire.  It was Kalli's mistress
book, and these were her clients.  I was stunned, was I to keep these
appointments, to become this Mistress Kalli?  I looked again, saw
crossdressers, rubber fetishists, even a couple who had paid in advance
for a submissive.  Was Kalli mad, did she think I could just change into a
woman, then play the Mistress just like that?  True I had seen Kalli up
close, seen her in action... and there was something vaguely exciting about
being the dominant for once...

And so I took over her business.  I moved right in. That was two years
ago.  Since then I have made an extraordianry amount of money, I have
fallen in love twice - once with a woman, and once with a Sushi chef.
Kalli never reappeared with my body, though from what I can tell she has
been skipping from body to body for some time.  She left a few books that
hinted as much.  Some sort of forced karmic migration.  And so my life
goes on, my life as Kalli, full of latex and bondage, and even just plain
living. I may never know what Kalli did to me, but every time I catch my
reflection in some liquid latex outfit, poured around the now familiar
curves of my new body, I have to wonder how she knew, how she knew just
how much I wanted this.

The end.
