---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/not_what_expected.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Not What I Expected
authors:
- Bill
tags:
- Sbm
- FF/m
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-01 00:00:00
---

My wife was out of town for a month tending to her sick mother, and I was
needing "relief," more than my self-bondage would give me.  (She
knows nothing about my dark side!)
I picked up a copy of a local free guide to "adult entertainment" and
noticed a coupon for half-price at a massage parlor, which also mentioned
domination in the ad.  I drove over there to check the place out  and
it looked perfect - - isolated with lots of trees.
First, I wrote a note:

"My slave has won the right to have a massage, but he must be reminded
that he is my slave.  The keys to his manacles are in this envelope. 
When you finish with him, please lock him up again and hang the keys from the
ring on the front of his collar.  To add to his frustration, put his
hands behind his back before applying the handcuffs.  Then send him out
to me; I will be waiting in the car."

I decided that after midnight was a good slow time at the place so I waiting
until then before going.  I walked over to a nearby bush and secreted a
handcuff key in a branch that I could easily reach, and then did the same with
another.  (They couldn't be much out of the way of a direct path from the
door to the car, in case they were watching.)
Then I put the collar around my neck and locked it. (To make things a little
more convincing, I had a slave-owned-by tag dangling from the front ring. 
Then the leg irons and handcuffs, in front.  I put the notice and the
coupon and the money into an envelope, along with the keys, and sealed it.
I walked in and handed the note to the person at the desk.  She read it and
laughed and then handed it to one of the girls, who took me into a back room
where there were two others.  I did pick a slack time!  They unlocked
my manacles and took off my clothes, but then they quickly put my arms behind my
back and locked on the handcuffs!
Most massage parlors will bring you to the point of relief and make sure one
hand is free for the massagee to do the rest.  But not me; they did a
two-girl massage that got me almost hard, and then they stopped.  And after
I had gone down, they started again.  I was so close to relief but could
not do a thing about it.  One more up-and-down and they stopped, and I was
still begging them to continue.
They locked the leg irons on me and then hung the keys from the collar ring. 
My shirt was pulled over my head and onto my body, over my arms.  And what
about my pants, now that my leg irons were already on?  They tied them
around my waist, at least covering my crotch!  And then sent me out to meet
my mistress in the car.
I retrieved both handcuff keys and unlocked my arms in the car, sitting on the
passenger side in case they might be watching.  Then I undid the leg irons,
reached my left leg over the hump in the center, and drove off.
As soon as I got out of sight, still in a wooded area, I got out of the car and
masturbated for less than 30 seconds until I had an orgasm, then put on my pants
and got into the driver's side of the car.
I loved it all!  Now to find another such massage parlor with domination to
try it on.
Bill
