---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Special Delivery 2: Exploring Her New Home'
authors:
- rbbral
tags:
- M-f
- D-s
- solo-f
- latex
- catsuit
- clothing
- dungeon toys
- con-nc
- X
date: 2005-12-20 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](special_delivery.html)

**Chapter 2: Exploring Her New Home**

At first she didn’t quite know what to do – explore, undress or collapse.
All the information and the travel had exhausted her. She felt angry and
depressed, but determined not to get down on herself. She was smart, resolute
and a real fighter and now she had to prove it. She decided to strip and
shower. She pulled off one mitt, then the other and for the first time
in three days she saw her own skin, pink and sweaty. She reached back and
unzipped the gagmask, gently pulling it off her head. The gag slipped out and she coughed and ran her tongue around her lips and inside her mouth,
and with a quiet groan she said to herself.

“Well, this is a fine mess you have got into, my dear.” Her voice was
well educated, cultured and a little ironic, with no hint of panic. Throwing
the gagmask on the chair with the catheter and dildo, she then unzipped
the undermask and, with a sigh pulled it off. Along one wall of her cell
was a full-length mirror and she saw her face for the first time in a week.
Her blonde hair was sodden and matted to her skull. The other beasts had
clipped it down to a half-inch, which in light of the tight helmets was,
she thought, not a bad idea. She ran her hand through it, it felt strange,
like someone else’s but she did not dwell. It had gone, her flowing locks,
but that was it, gone. Her face was soaking and pink, also a little puffy,
and her lips and mouth were a little swollen. Her throat was sore from
the feeding tube and her arse definitely sore from the dildo! She strode
to the mirror, what had she got herself into?

On the one hand she couldn’t deny that her body looked pretty damn good
in the rubber suit. She was not vain by any means but she kept herself
in great shape and was a good athlete in many sports. The catsuit clung
to her as if it was painted on. The only impressions were the two nipple
rings (now that hurt) and the four labia rings (now that really hurt).
The heels were high all right but did accentuate her runner’s legs. She
felt her breasts through the tight rubber and felt a tinge through her
body. She considered herself sexually mature and open-minded and had tried
many positions and bondage too, which if the mood was right she enjoyed.
She did enjoy being tied up and screwed, at the right time with the right
guy, yes. She reached back and pushed and pulled at the zipper and wriggled
out of it. She now stood naked, pink and shining with sweat. God, she smelt
strange, a mix of her own aroma, which she knew well and rubber – the aroma
that he seemed to love so much.

She found the bathroom through a door to the left. A big bath, double
sinks and a walk-in shower with she noticed large rings in the ceiling
and walls, no doubt to take the enema equipment she noticed hanging from
the back of the door! They had enema’d her several times, which she didn’t
find too distasteful, she didn’t like it inside her but the clean after
feeling she quite liked. This would be one of the lesser hurdles to jump,
she thought.

The bath had now run and she wallowed in the warm unscented water. She
felt her denuded mons and that did not bother her – big deal, she felt
it was not unattractive, and all the rings, well they were the fashion
nowadays. She would get used to her hair, it gave her an androgynous look
and would at least be easy to dry! As she washed she thought about “him”.
Well what would you call him? “Rubberman” or “latexman”, he’d probably
like that! Under normal circumstances she’d probably find him attractive.
Strong, slim, medium tall, well spoken, quiet and self assured (well he
would be, with me all tied up and showing my wares). Good sized dick too,
she chuckled despite herself. He didn’t seem crazy, just a serious fetishist.
She was world wise and knew all about them and had no problem with it,
consenting adults etc, etc. of course she wasn’t consenting, was she. At
least not yet, although he seemed pretty confident that she’d buy into
all of it. Can you acquire a fetish later in life? Who knows, why bother
analysing, he was right.

She dried off, gently swabbing her nipples, they had healed well, no
sign of infection. The labial ones were more sensitive and wiping down
there gave her a twinge. Her arse was sore too, but not infected, her sphincter
ring did seem a little less tight. She expected he wanted to stick his
cock up there. A former boyfriend had done it a few times, wasn’t as big
as “Rubberman”, he was well lubed and condomed and the feeling was okay
but she didn’t take greatly to it. There was a single large bedroom, all
in black! Black carpet and black sheets and pillows, in rubber. A big bed
with iron posts and head and foot boards, all the better for tying you
to, she thought and noticed straps and cuffs at all corners and on a shelf
above the headboard a steel collar and chain and a couple of nasty looking
helmets. All for a nice quiet sleep, she thought.

Along one wall were fitted closets, with labels on them. She opened
them up, she might as well know now, she thought. Nightwear contained an
array of Victorian ankle length nighties in virgin white; a full length
romper suit with zip to neck and frills at wrist, neck and ankle and all
in pink; an all over catsuit in grey; then a series of full length body
bags in various designs. Some were with and some without helmet and one
had openings at breasts and crotch. She wasn’t having that tonight, thank
you, and with a wry smile selected the pink romper suit. Slipping her legs
in, the latex made her shiver as she gently eased it up and pushed her
arms through the sleeves. It was only then she noticed it had an attached
hood which she pulled over her head and then zipped up the front to her
chin. The hood was like an attached frilly bonnet with a bow to tie at
the front. She felt really silly but tied it anyway. The idea of returning
to a safe child-like world was perhaps not so strange. The suit was a good
fit, not too tight and certainly showed off her features, particularly
her breasts. The frilly bonnet encased her head and soon she had warmed
up. The next closet was “special wear” and she knew this would contain
the dress up, weirdo stuff. Full costumes for nun, schoolgirl (white shirt,
pleated skirt, voluminous elasticised panties, all in latex), baby suit
(frilly loose long sleeved leotard, and a big comforter to an attached
bonnet) classic French maid, riding outfit and a couple of others she couldn’t
figure out.

She had to sit down for a bit, resting on the bed and looking around
her. She smoothed out the suit, her face looking quite cherubic, she thought
ruefully. The two other walls were covered in thick black rubber sheeting.
The clothes were obviously well made and must have cost a packet. She looked
at the ceiling and, oh yes, the predictable mirror. She had to chuckle.
She also noted, like the bathroom the bedroom also had strategically places
hooks and rings.

The third closet had “normal wear’ but of course in rubber. These were
blouses, skirts, dresses (flared and tight), t-shirts and a full ballet
costume! There were also capes and raincoats and ponchos. The next closet
contained a series of drawers. One contained panties, some with dildos
– one or two, others were frilly or plain. Another drawer had tights and
stockings, dozens of them in all colours. Another had corsets and garter
belts and bras of various designs. She thought she’d have to start a diet
now as some of the corsets appeared very restrictive, almost tortuous,
with gusset pieces and even extending over her breasts and up to her neck.
All this for me, she thought, should I be flattered or insulted? Neither,
for as far as he was concerned I was just a clotheshorse, a chattel and
he was buying these for his pleasure, not mine. Although some of these
I could really fancy, she thought, catching herself a bit. I could dress
up as a sexy French maid and naughty schoolgirl and play out a role, with
sex at the end of it. She never minded a bit of play in her foreplay! But
he seemed to stress the inanimate nature of it. He wasn’t interested in
seeing her face, just wanting her body. She liked his body, but what of
his face. They were each unknown to the other, which was apparently fine
for him, but she wanted to know who she was dealing with.

The next drawer contained gags! She enjoyed sucking cock, she knew not
all women did but for some reason she liked the warm, salty taste and the
power she had in bringing a man to the edge and then just holding off.
The taste of cum she didn’t mind either but nowadays you had to be very
careful with your boyfriends – which she was – AIDS tests were standard!
But sucking on a rubber dick for three days chained up in crate had been
about enough. These gags were in every design and size and she fingered
through them slowly. Some of them were quite big but she had accommodated
big dicks before! Stop yourself, she thought, this is serious. Yes, but
if this is the rest of your life, shouldn’t you try and get some enjoyment
out of it, however small? You could give in and make it a misery or make
what you can of it. This guy isn’t some crazed murderer (she hoped) and
if I am going to be a prisoner then these quarters could be a lot worse.

The next drawer was a large one and contained masks and helmet, dozens
of them. From intimidating full head, twin skinned inflatables with attached
gags, to open faced, or a full mask with a woman’s face fully made up eyes
and lips – an attractive face, and one that would cover hers. She fingered
then and examined them closely, imagining them encasing her head. Some
of them would make her blind or mute or deaf, or all of them. Or make her
someone else, young and attractive but not her. Why that one? Maybe those
were for wearing outside, with her gagged and mute underneath. No one would
know, so maybe she would get to see the outside albeit gagged and trussed
and well immobilized.

She didn’t dwell on this but moved through the helmets and masks, wondering
which she would wear and when. Another drawer contained dildos, vibrators
and battery powered contraptions of all shapes and sizes. There were TENS
units which when attached to any part of her body could give her a strong
electrical current, continual or intermittent. She imagined what they would
be like on her nipples or glued onto her pussy.

The final drawer she didn’t want to open, but the “discipline” drawer
was what it certainly was. Hangers and hooks holding paddles, cats, whips,
cuffs chains, collars in metal, leather and reinforced rubber. In addition
there were blow-up suits with blow-up breasts or holes for entry and torture,
fondling etc. There were inflatable cocoons, with or without helmets and
gags and zippers for things to stuff into her. She noticed her breath had
quickened – in fear, nerves or anticipation, she didn’t know. Not fear,
she had never known it and was not going to yield now. She went into the
living room, there were windows along the top two feet of two walls, and
getting on a chair she peered out. A lawn and beyond that some trees. He
seemed to have money all right; the grounds were well kept.

There was a T.V. in the room and she turned it on. The BBC! So at least
she knew she was in the UK. Her mood picked up, she may be a prisoner for
life but she had a T.V. He didn’t have to provide this, or this level of
“comfort’, maybe he wasn’t such a bastard, maybe a fairly regular guy but
with a very serious fetish. She went to the kitchen; the fridge was full
of vegetables, meat, drinks, the whole lot. Well she may be a rubber slave
but a well fed one. There was even wine, gin and a good malt whiskey in
a cupboard. She was becoming confused, was he really that disinterested
in her welfare if he was looking after her like this? This was strange,
she had expected a cold, damp cell with a pot in the corner and she gets
an apartment better provisioned than her own! He even left her with knives,
she could attack him and make a run for it, no, not very likely, but it
was obvious he was very confident in his powers and her submission. Anyway,
stabbing someone in cold blood? No, not ever, her life would have to be
threatened and he said he would never do that.

On reflection he was pretty smart, keep her as his little rubber slave,
his rubber doll, all orifices available for his pleasure, but allow her
some privacy and just a little independence. And it would work, because,
yes, she would fight and try to escape with every pore, but she would not,
could not kill him. She was now hungry and scoffed a couple of apples and
a glass of milk – oh, to taste real food again! Silently she thanked him,
a silly thing to do she knew as he was responsible for her incarceration.

Now she felt a lot better, she spoilt herself with a large malt whiskey
and surveyed the living room. Again two walls were mirrored so wherever
she looked she could see an image of herself – in rubber, in bondage or
both! This was probably to get her used to her costumes and her predicament.
She certainly looked strange now, full cover pink romper suit and bonnet,
and a glass of whiskey. In one corner were two exercise machines, a stairmaster
and a running machine however on closer inspection she noticed cuffs attached
to the handrails and steps of the stairmaster and a chain at the front
of the running machine. She figured once on there was no getting off, like
a mouse in a treadmill, she’d have to run her buns off for him and he could
turn it to any speed. More worrying was that dangling above the machines
was a full head gasmask, similar to the one she had worn earlier. Corrugated
rubber hoses ran to a container on the wall, it had holes in the sides
and she unscrewed the top and looked in to see strips of old rubber! So
once strapped in, gasmask strapped on, she would be forced to breathe in
a very strong pungent rubber aroma. He seemed to think of everything!

Along another wall were bookshelves. Well, that’s very thoughtful, she
noted dryly and although there were some fiction and mysteries she was
not surprised to see dozens upon dozens of bondage and fetish books and
magazines. Rubber again seemed to be the main theme. Some titles she was
aware of, others not. There was enough reading; cartoons, pictures to keep
her going for months and she presumed that was the point – to further her
indoctrination, her submission. There were dozens of videos and CD’s over
the TV all rubber and bondage and BD/SM with pictures of mostly women on
the covers in various stages of restriction with hoses, tubes, masks and
bondage paraphernalia. Nothing like a nice family video one wet evening,
she thought wryly. Apart from that it was a normal living room – couch,
chair, dining table and two (!) chairs, lamps etc. All the chairs were
in leather, deep red and the carpet was black. The remaining furniture
was sturdy dark mahogany, which gave the room a somewhat foreboding feeling.

She peered through the thick glass pane in the metal door. The corridor
was dark and empty. She didn’t try the knob as he wouldn’t be that stupid
to have forgotten to lock it. For a guy who said he would treat her unemotionally,
who would just use her he seemed to show some concern for her well-being.
With all the rubber paraphernalia he obviously hoped she would soon be
indoctrinated. The general comforts were more than she expected, certainly
after her treatment in the crate. There must be more to this, she thought
and saw a door in the corner of the living room. Topping up her whiskey,
she tried the handle, and it opened. The room was dark but she found a
light switch. What she saw almost made her drop her glass! A shiver went
through her body despite the now warm romper suit.

She figured it was too naïve of her to think he did not have something
more up his sleeve. And boy, did he ever! The room was maybe 20 feet by
30 feet and had white spongy tiles on the floor a drain hole in the middle
and bathroom tiles on all four walls and ceiling. These were interspersed
with mirrors at regular intervals. She gulped her drink and stepped onto
the cool tiles. Well, this was where the serious planning, and no doubt
action went. From the wall at two locations were hoses for water and compressed
air. All the better for blowing you up, she conjectured. There were also
two locations for the inhalation canisters with very long corrugated hoses
to connect to hoods or masks. Arranged throughout the room were a series
of contraptions, machines and devices, the uses for most of them were very
clear. So this was how he liked his women, subjugated yet apparently sexually
aroused. She studied the devices one by one, a little fearful yet at the
same time admiring the effort and workmanship put into some of them. She
couldn’t quite figure out her own emotions, part fear certainly yet bizarrely
a small part of her was a little excited, she put it down to the whiskey!

The first thing she examined was a gyn/ob chair only this one had straps
at ankle, thigh, waist, chest, neck and arms. Once in this she was going
nowhere! Her shaved pussy and her bum hole would be very exposed and vulnerable.
She pressed a couple of buttons and the stirrups moved up and out as the
headrest went back. She didn’t fancy showing off all her goodies in that
position, but knew she would ultimately have little option. To the side
of the chair was a series of upright tubular steel stands with bags, bladders
and tubes hanging from them. With three orifices available she could imagine
where they went! Something impelled her to sit in the chair and she slid
down and slipped her feet into the stirrups. It was embarrassing enough
like this with a gyno, but with some rubber-clad guy sitting between her
legs having strapped her in, she tried not too think any more about it.
She stepped out of it and took another drink. The next thing was a vertical
post in cushioned rubber about eighteen inches in diameter, clearly some
kind of whipping post – wrap your arms around it, cuff them and you are
not going anywhere. Arms behind your back or wrapped in front you would
be very exposed to a good whipping on back, buttocks, or breasts! A similar
post
shaped like an “n” was probably for draping the victim (me!) over, tying
wrists to ankles, exposing pussy and bum-hole for a beating, or a stuffing.

Next was a pretty baby’s cot yet large enough for an adult to stretch
out in, almost, she would have to have her knees bent a little. The bars
were of steel, painted pink and there was a latex mattress and pillow inside.
The twist was the steel barred top, which came over the top and locked
on the side. Once in, this little babykins was in for good. There were
a couple of dolls on the mattress and a very large rubber comforter with
thick elastic strap. While it looked like a teat it was in fact a very
effective gag. This guy missed nothing! She moved on. Hanging from the
ceiling by thick chains attached to shoulder rings was a shiny black body
bag in thick rubber. There was a horizontal zip at chest level for entry,
and she hoped exit. She looked inside; down either side were sleeves for
arms (as if they were going to be of any use anyway). In the attached headpiece
there were Perspex eyeholes and a single nostril hole. A small tube extended
you from where the mouth would be; at the crown there was a valve for either
water or air and an outlet valve at the bottom by the ankle. She noticed
d-rings along front and back so the occupant (her!) could be hung vertically
or horizontally, right side up or down. There were zips at crotch and breasts
for access for play or for inserts. Quite a cocoon she thought, you could
sweat away many hours in that!

She moved onto something you may see in the fairground, a carousel horse
complete with mane, tail and horses head, body and legs. It was a good
size, but the intriguing thing was that sticking out of the saddle four
inches into the air was a dildo of black rubber, and it was a thick one
too. She then noticed a hook hidden in the horse’s tail and also in the
mane and it took no genius to realize if the she was attached by her waistband
to the hooks she would be impaled on the dick, and the stirrups would only
be for balance. There was a switchbox and dials by the head, she turned
a knob and the horse leapt into action. Jesus, she thought, looking at
the jumping dildo; that would be one hell of a ride. Frankly she didn’t find this one so frightening, it could be rather exciting. She
turned it off and gently touched the dildo; yes, it was a thick one. That
would get the juices going. She was brought back down to earth on viewing
the contents of a glass fronted hospital cabinet. It’s various shelves
contained tubing, clamps, bulbs, bladders, gloves, syringes and all manner
of electrical devices to clamp onto tit or clit! Adjacent to it was a hospital
gurney with latex sheet, pillow and restraining cuffs along the side, and
even a collar to keep her head still.

Yes, it was all serious again. Two final things caught her eye, one
being a large rubber ball lying flaccid in the corner. She could barely
lift it, for it must have weighed forty pounds. Like the inflatable cocoon
this also had two skins the outer skin being very thick, the inner one
thinner but still quite thick. There was a valve through which compressed
air could be pumped and connected through both skins was a corrugated tube
which could be attached to any one of the gasmasks or gagmasks he had.
A one-inch diameter hole was the only contact with the outside world. A
two-foot zip was the only entry. Once inside the victim (her!) would be
there for as long as her wished, to be rolled around like a giant exercise
ball, while inside she’d be rolled into a foetal ball compressed from all
sides by the rubber embrace. Suppose she was rolled onto the air hole,
would she suffocate?

She shivered a little and moved onto the final apparatus. It took her
a while, walking around to fully appreciate its wily function but when
she had, she could not help but wonder about his malicious mind. Set in
a box frame four feet off the ground were two sheets of almost transparent
rubber about five feet by seven feet. These were connected to a steel frame
that in turn was connected to the box frame at four points, one at mid-point
along each edge. The connection was by way of steel rod with attached axle
such that by releasing the top and bottom axles you could turn the frame
on the central axles. Likewise, by locking the top and bottom axles the
frame could turn, like meat on a spit. She noticed a small motor to the
side with an attachment, which fit into the axle. What the hell, she fixed
it to the side and turned it on. The bed turned slowly like a spit, but
with a turn of the knob the speed increased quite alarmingly. She also
realized that it could be stopped at any angle, even upside down. Next
she examined the bed itself, the two skins of latex being very thin and
virtually see-through. Access was from the side through a two feet zip,
once in you zipped up, airtight and watertight. Near the top was a single
hole about one and a half inches in diameter with a metal attachment and
a one-inch tube inside. The tube had two recesses, top and bottom where
her teeth would slot in. Air would be plentiful and the size of the tube
was large enough to be an effective gag or at least to limit her to an
“aaaaahhhh” – not much of a vocabulary. The hole of course could be used
for putting things into, she thought wryly. At the top was a metal hole
where the air would be extracted from and she would be glued inside!

She tried to imagine being in it, like fly to flypaper, her body utterly
defenceless to his eyes and his hands. He could fondle, squeeze, pinch
and slap any part of her and all she could is say “aaahhh”. He could leave
her there for as long as he wished, turning like a suckling pig, cocooned
and vulnerable until she was really done to a turn.

She’d seen enough and left the room, turning off the light and closing
the door. She stirred herself to not be too downhearted. Go along with
him at first, don’t incur his wrath but keep your eyes open for any chance
of escape. She brushed her teeth and went to the bedroom and laid her rubber-bonneted
head down on the rubber pillow, pulling the sheet up to her chin. Turning
off the light, the heavy aroma of rubber was prevalent but she didn’t find it offensive. She was warm,
tucked up in her bed in her romper suit. She would not be broken, she would
comply, not too easily, her body she may have to give to him but she would
keep her mind. She would endure pain, humiliation and discomfort with a
greater sense of will than he would anticipate. She was not going to lie
down and take it (she thought of the vacuum bed and chuckled) but she wouldn’t
flagrantly cross him, she would play this smart. In her warm and rubber
scented bed she very quickly dropped off to sleep.
