---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Recycler
authors:
- Cheesedip
tags:
- F-m
- mum
- cocoon
- cons
- XX
date: 2004-01-14 00:00:00
---

I am a long-time reader, first time contributor.  I have spent
a great deal of time reading the stories authored by others on your site. 
Many a night has seen me "up" until the wee hours of the morning "Shaking
hands with Mr. Johnson" to your works and the works of Jenny, Insider,
and all the others.  I myself have never had much talent for writing,
especially anything fictional.  Truth is until recently I have never
had an experience worthy of the pages of you web-site, but recently that
has all changed.  My oh my, how it has all changed.  And it all
changed the day I forgot to erase my History off of the internet browser
(which I have done everyday since I got plugged in) and caught my wife
reading through the Plaza.

I have been married to my wife for about 5 years.  I have always
been up front with her about my eccentric sexual orientation.  Though
it seemed she shared none of those desires, she has always been accepting
of them in me.  I have always known that I desire to submit to a woman
fully.  I always hoped my marriage license would more signify a certificate
of ownership.  I adore my wife, always have.  She is very strong
and has a unique "I don't give a shit" attitude that really made her appealing
to me.  All of that having been said, she had never shown much of
a propensity for domination over me.  She had never quite managed
to quell my yearning for release through submission.

Over the years however, she tried to play her role in my perversion. 
Admittedly that failure is as much mine as it is hers.  The part is
not an easy one to play.  I am one of those sorts who longs for submission
- but clings fiercely to control.  Periodically we would "play" with
bondage.  Some of those times I would be tied up or in hand cuffs,
to a pole or in a chair.  More times than not, however, it would be
me tied up on the bed, on my back.  Tied up in ways I always knew
I could escape whenever I wanted.  While tied up, she would ride my
face and I would service her for as long as she could stand it.  It
was far from my fantasy, but it seemed the best I could hope for. 
It would usually end with disappointment on my face, or smart ass remarks
made by me.  Or me showing off how easy I could escape her attempts
to subdue me.  Either way it usually ended with hurt feelings or angry
words.  My knack for clinging to control, and mounting sexual frustration
was really causing a problem in our otherwise happy marriage.  I can
be quite an "ass".

A couple of times while my wife was riding my face getting off really
hard she pissed when she climaxed.  The "ass" really came out in me
those times.  I let her have it pretty good as I easily escaped her
"half-hearted" bondage.   The last time she pissed on me we really
fought.  As the fight escalated to a peak she screamed at me, "We
will never do this shit again, you ass-hole".  That said and 20 more
minutes of arguing later, I was cut off from any and all B&D. 
Did I mention that I can be an "ass"?

That brings me back to the day I forgot to erase my history of the internet
browser.  I walk into the den and there she is, on the computer. 
You know that feeling you get when you realize that you have made a mistake,
and it is about to be uncovered?  In an instant I knew that she was
reading Gromet, before I even saw the computer screen.  Sure enough,
as I walked over I saw her looking at a page from the Mummification Gallery.

"Well I guess you have found other ways to satisfy those urges of yours!" 
I just hung my head.

"Thinking of all the jerking off you've been doing right here in our
den just makes me sick"

"What choice do I have", I said.  "The urges haven't just gone
away in the last 6 months you've refused to participate".

She got up and left the room.  There was nothing more said about
it.  I knew, as every married man does, that I would pay.  I
had no idea how payment would be exacted - but I knew it was coming.

When I got home from work the next day - payment was exacted with interest.

I walked into the house as usual.  I walked to hang my coat in
the hall closet.  As I reached for the hanger, my wife rushed up behind
me and pushed me face first into the wall.  In an instant, she secured
my hands behind my back with handcuffs.  I started to protest, but
before I could think to speak she took a wide belt of mine and pushed it
in my mouth and pulled it tight around my head forcing my mouth open. 
I still remember being dumbfounded at the speed and relative ease with
which she was moving to overtake me.  Next thing I know she whirls
me around and I catch a glimpse of her.  She is in a shiny black vinyl
catsuit I had never seen before.  She looked HOT!  I don't only
mean that she looked really sexy, she did, but she looked like she could
kill me.  I was turned on, really turned on.  I don't know whether
it was the very sexy apparel she was in, the fact that she was more or
less beating the shit out of me, or that evil look on her face, but I was
aroused like never before.  I got only a brief gaze at her. 
As she turned me around towards her, she slipped a flannel pillow case
over my head and all was dark.

She did not speak.  She grabbed the handcuffs and jerked them up,
pulling my arms up with them painfully.  She led me through the house
to the basement door, and we descended.

Once in the basement she moved me around for a moment then she let go
of my handcuffs.  It was the one and only chance she gave me where
I could have possibly escaped.  Aroused and a bit confused, I did
not take it.  Less than a second later, I could hear and feel my ankles
being locked, spread apart about 3 feet, into 2 sets of handcuffs. 
Then pressure returned to my wrists, something was attached to the handcuffs
then they were pulled up sharply.  As my wrists went higher I was
forced to bend slightly at the waist.  It was not at all comfortable,
and I started to moan.  She did not speak.

The next sensation I felt I recognized as saran wrap being wrapped around
my legs.  First around the left and then the right, saran wrap was
applied from my groin to my ankles.  I heard the sound of duct tape
being pulled away from itself, and felt it being applied to my legs. 
I arrogantly thought to myself "She's going to mummify me - how cute". 
It was very exciting, but years of the relative failure of her attempts
to subdue me had taught me not to take anything she did to me very seriously. 
I didn't realize I was about to learn a very harsh lesson.

She wrapped both of my legs separately in the duct tape from ankle to
groin.  She moved on to my torso wrapping it first in saran wrap then
quite tightly in duct tape.  She moved on to my arms, again wrapping
each of them in saran wrap - then going over it in duct tape.  She
skipped over my wrists, because of the handcuffs, but wrapped my hands
in duct tape mittens.  I was so aroused I was able to block out the
intense pain I was feeling in my arms.  By this point my arms had
been stretched in suspension for about 30 minutes.

She released one of my legs from the handcuffs holding them apart. 
She pushed it over to join the other one, stuffed a cushion between my
knees and ankles and taped my legs together.  She started at the ankles
and wrapped them very tightly together all the way to my knees.  The
other handcuff was then removed from my other ankle.  She, at long
last, released the handcuffs from suspension, and I was able to stand up
straight.  She very quickly wrapped tape around both of my wrists
pulling them tightly to my sides.  She did the same around my elbows,
locking them very snuggly against my torso.  I was beginning to recognize
that this mummification wrap was very secure.  Not even mummified
yet, I was not able to move very much at all.  Escape was certainly
impossible.

She
began running the tape from below the back of my knees all the way up my
body over my shoulders.  She pulled it down tightly over my shoulders
(very tightly actually) and continued all the way down to below my kneecaps. 
She continued to do this 5 or six times over each shoulder until tape was
covering all of them and pulling me into a slight slouch.  She went
back to my ankles and started wrapping me.  She wrapped all the way
up to my cock then skipped over to just above my cock and continued all
the way up to my shoulders.  Testing the limits of my bondage, I knew
I was totally incapacitated.  I couldn't budge a finger.  The
effect on me was intoxicating.  I was in a bondage bliss I had never
experienced before.  My arousal was heightened further when the pillowcase
was removed from my head and I got a look at her handiwork.  From
ankles to shoulders I was a brilliant red mummy, being watched over by
a beautiful dominatrix in black vinyl still with a very severe look on
her face.  I attempted to speak, even with the belt still gagging
me.  Without saying a word, she grabbed my scrotum, and squeezed my
balls very hard.  I screamed through the gag - she looked into my
eyes and said her first words since this began, "Don't you dare say a word!" 
I got the message, and started to get a little concerned.  In a normal
reaction to having pain inflicted to your balls - I instantly struggled
hard to move to no avail.  I was stuck.  I was at her mercy,
and I wasn't at all convinced that she had any this day.

Calming
down slightly, I did scan the room.  I saw our inflatable air mattress
laid out on the floor.  I saw new and empty rolls of duct tape all
around.  I also recognized an item called a CPR microshield. 
It is a plastic tube with a flange around it.  It is used to provide
a sanitary means to give people mouth to mouth resuscitation.  Basically
you can blow into it, but the victim can't blow out through it. Before
I could study the scene further, my wife applied large rectangular band-aids
over my eyes rendering me sightless again.  She stuffed wax ear plugs
into my ears.  Saran wrap was layered over my head and hair. 
She pushed the CPR microshield into my mouth and taped it securely in one
fluid motion.  She wrapped around the plastic tube several times very
tightly.  She then wrapped the rest of my head, leaving my only my
nose uncovered.  She also wrapped around my neck and up and around
my chin pulling it tightly to the top of my head so my mouth could not
open at all.  I was now encased in duct tape from head to ankle -
totally helpless, completely aroused.

Without
saying a word she gave me an unceremonious shove backwards.  I fell,
stiff as a board, onto the air mattress.  I was scared shitless. 
Again, as a terror reaction, I struggled against my bonds, I was helpless. 
She lifted my legs and wrapped the tape around my feet until no skin was
exposed except for the raging hard-on being completely ignored.  She
pounced on the air mattress and I felt pressure around my mouth. 
I heard her using the scissors in the hole of the CPR shield.  After
relying on only my nose for breathing, it was nice to be able to breathe
through my mouth.  Check that, I could inhale through my mouth, but
no matter how hard I tried I could not exhale.  There was more pressure
around my mouth, followed by more tape from my mouth to around my head. 
I wasn't sure what that was about.  Then for a few seconds there was
nothing.  I could almost hear her standing there thinking.  I
could almost see the look of satisfaction on her face.  The next sensation
I remember is her grabbing hold of my erect penis.  It almost went
off right there.  I was very near orgasm.  Then without warning,
a very sharp, very intense pain grew in my cock.  I screamed something
unintelligible.  "What the fuck is that", was the only thought in
my head.  I went from Kielbasa to Vienna Sausage in an instant. 
The pain continued and increased.  It felt like the pain was inside
my penis, how could that be?  Then it hit me, "Oh Fuck, a catheter".

"What
the fuck is she doing?" I thought as I bucked with all my might. 
But I was powerless and barely moved at all.  I was instantly, and
for the first time, terrified.  Seemed like she fiddled with that
catheter forever, but she finally finished and the pain subsided a bit
and was replaced with a strong urge to piss.  Luckily the urge to
piss too, faded after a bit.  I had never been catheterized before.
I had heard how painful it was from others, but I suspect having an amateur
place it hurt much more than having a nurse do it.

"Can you hear me?" she asked.  I gave an affirming grunt and shook
my head all that I could.

"Good, then you better hear this".

"For over 5 years our sex life has revolved around these things you
want and claim you need".

"You are helpless now aren't you?" I nodded best I could.

"All these years it has been all about you, while you have denied me
what I really want.  I hope you are happy now because that all changes
today and it changes for good".

"You are getting what you want right now, and I'm about to get what
I want right now too!"  I felt some tugging at my penis and some pressure
at my mouth.  Then there was a dripping into my mouth.

"Oh FUCK, its piss!"  It was my piss to be exact, running from
the catheter into my mouth.  My first instinct was to spit it out,
but that damn CPR shield wouldn't allow it.  My mouth was filling
up and I had no alternative other than to swallow it, which I did in order
to breathe.  I struggled in vain against the tape which held me motionless
and I learned something very important.  As I tightened up my muscles
to attempt to escape more piss flowed into my mouth.  It didn't take
long at all to decide to stop struggling and slow down the flow of urine
into my mouth.

"All the times I tried to give you what you wanted, and you treated
me like shit, they are all coming back to bite you today".

"The fits you threw when I attempted to get what I wanted".

"That's right, all those times you thought I pissed in your mouth accidentally,
I did it on purpose. I like pissing on you, and I love the idea of you
drinking my piss."

"From this day forward you are going to do just that, and you'll do
it as often as I want."  With that, I felt her stepping onto the mattress
and moving towards my head.  Moments later a large rush of piss entered
my mouth, she was pissing into a funnel, into my mouth, and she was pissing
hard.  With no other option, I swallowed it all.  Every time
I tensed up to try and fight, the flow of piss from my own bladder increased. 
I had to lay there and take it passively.  It felt like the ultimate
submission.  I was terrified.  It was the feeling I had waited
a long, long time for.  It was heaven and at the same time my darkest
hell.  I was a confused mess of arousal, fear, and pain.

"I hope you are comfortable you little bitch! You're gonna be lying
here for a good long while continuously pissing into your own mouth. You
are gonna be here until I am sure you are used to the taste. You are, for
all intents and purposes, a piss recycling machine. I will be pissing into
your mouth eventually filling your bladder and the only place your bladder
will empty is into your own mouth."  Then she got up and left. 
I was left there with the steady dripping of piss into my mouth. 
Every so often, she would come downstairs.  When the flow from my
bladder was slowing down she would "prime the pump" by pissing more into
the funnel.  I was forced to drink a lot of piss, both hers and mine,
and I suppose hers that was turned into mine.

I don't know how long I was in my predicament, before she offered to
let me out, but it was a long time.  My freedom would only come at
an all too familiar cost however.  "I will let you out, under one
condition", she said, "I will cut your head out, you must willingly open
your mouth and drink my piss. You must not spill a drop or I'll simply
rewrap your head and leave you longer".  I was so sore.  Every
muscle in my body ached.  I really couldn't take anymore.  I
shook my head in agreement.  She cut my head out and squatted over
my face.  Like a baby bird waiting to be fed I opened my mouth and
gulped down all the fluid that fell.  Like I said, it was the ultimate
submission.

My life is different today than it was before.  I am happily devoted
to my wife in a totally new way.  I have submitted to the point that
quite often she simply takes me with her to the toilet where I lay my head
back over it and open wide.  Believe you me, I hate piss.  I
really, really hate it.  However, I have fallen in love with the look
on my wife's face after I drink for her.  Submission to her is both
my blessing and my curse, but I wouldn't have it any other way.  Believe
it or not, the "ass" in me died for the most part the day she turned me
into a piss recycling machine.  I am very lucky.

I have sent the photos she took of the experience.  I never get
tired of looking at them - I hope your visitors will enjoy them as well.

.
