---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Penis Garden
authors:
- Pinky Roosevelt
tags:
- F/m+
- bond
- boxed
- tease
- denial
- chast
- oral
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2009-11-07 00:00:00
---

Todd was a freshman in College.  Summer was on its way and he was looking for some work.  It wasn’t the best economy and he was having a difficult time.

He had become friends with a senior named Bill.  When he mentioned his financial problems, Bill told him what he did each summer.

There was a very wealthy and rather eccentric woman who lived in a large mansion near the campus.  Each year she would hire some of the guys from school for one month to use in her “Penis Garden” as she called it.  At first Todd was cold to the thought of it until the money was brought up.  She paid standard wages for each day of “work” plus a massive bonus to all the boys who made it through the entire month without requesting to leave.  Todd knew very well that he needed the money.  And it was a large sum for one month of his life.

Bill described it all in detail.  It was a large secure room in her home.  Extending from each wall were several boxes.  They were accessed from chambers adjacent to the main room.  Each box was topped with some soil and small plants.  In the center of each small garden was a hole.  Each student she hired would be kept in the boxes for 18 hours a day.  They were to be tied and secured to a platform that raised their pelvis and kept their legs low and tied back.  Their torso was kept at a small descending angle.  Then the platform would be raised so that their penises would protrude from the hole.  All that would ever be seen in the room were boxes with gardens and from the center of each garden, a penis.  During that time, she would have complete access to their organs to do as she wished.  On the off hours, they would have free movement in a small private chamber where there would be ample food, water, toilet, and a treadmill for exercise.  Attendants would see to it that they were all properly cleaned and healthy each day.

It sounded astonishing to Todd, but Bill had been doing it the prior two summers and again this year.  Todd decided to interview for the job.  Bill told him that should he get hired, he should be prepared to start that very minute.

After making sure that all loose ends were taken care of, Todd arrived at the mansion just as the month of work would begin.  He was greeted by two silent attendants completely covered in clothes and wearing dark ski masks.  First he was brought to an office to fill out his written application.  Then they led him inside to a large living room where they left him alone.  He was then greeted by a young looking women, completely naked.  She was a petite build, maybe five feet high.  She had very fair skin and her hair was a brilliant red with slight curls.  Completely gorgeous.

“Welcome to my home,” she stated.  “I understand you want a job in my Penis Garden.”

“Yes ma’am,” Todd uttered feebly.

“Take off your clothes boy, I need to see your body.”

Todd quickly complied removing every last stitch.  As he stood there, he could not hide his attraction to her and her and he found himself with a very full erection.

She stared at him and reached out and briefly held and examined his dick.  “Oh,” she said, “This will do just fine.  You’re hired if you agree to what I am about to say.”

He was lost for words but nodded for her to proceed.

“You will be kept in the box for 18 hours a day.  For the other six you can eat, shit, and exercise.  You will be cleaned each day.  While in the box, you can pee.  The dirt will absorb any smell.  There will be no food in the box, but you’ll have a water tube. Your hands will be kept chained to a leather collar for the duration.  This is to prevent any access to your sex organ.  For the next month, I will have sole access to it.  In addition to the chains, a chastity belt will be added so you can’t rub yourself on the bed to have a orgasm.  I am the only one permitted to let your penis ejaculate.  It is mine.  You will talk to no one.  The attendants are there to clean you, not for conversation.  You will have no mental stimulation whatsoever.  You will be a plant in my garden.  Is this understood?  Do you agree to the terms?”

Todd gulped.  It seemed rather ominous, but for only a month.  And the money!  And the sex!  He managed to speak finally, “I agree.”

“Good,” said the woman.  “Take a good look at my body.  Have a good listen to my words.  This is the last you will see flesh and hear a human speak for the next four weeks.  And you will not see me again.  Not this year at least.”

With that, she left the room.  The silent attendants walked in and led the naked student to his small chamber.  He was laid onto the support.  His still hard penis was propped up high.  Both legs were bent down and tied into place.  His torso was secured.  A leather collar was locked around his neck and his hands chained into place.  Finally earplugs and a hood over his head.  He could not see or hear.  He felt movement as he was pushed into position, and the stand lifted into place.  He felt someone handle his penis as it was adjusted to take its place in the garden.  And he waited.

It seemed like an eternity. What had he gotten himself into?  He was to be tied up for hours on end.  And nothing was happening!  At first he was tense, but now he was getting horribly bored.  No sounds.  No stimulation.  And certainly no one sucking his dick.  But he thought about the money and tried to relax.

After what seemed to be an entire day, he was startled to feel something.  A finger was stroking his penis. Finally, he would at least get some sex.  He quickly became erect as the finger gently glided up and down his shaft.  And then.  Nothing.  It stopped.

Some time later, possibly hours again, he felt the touching.  Again he became erect.  The finger touched and stroked.  It even brushed over the tip.  His penis was moving and throbbing and then the touching stopped abruptly.

Nothing else was to happen that first day.  He was removed from the box, his hood was removed and he was free to move in his small chamber.  His hands were still secured to the collar and a chastity belt locked around his waist.  It was designed to prevent him from achieving a full erection by its curved shape.  Food and water were placed in bowls on the floor forcing him to eat and drink like a damn dog.  He was miserable.  Was this all worth it, he thought?

Near the end of the 6 off hours, the attendants came and took him to a shower where he was completely cleaned.  He had a toilet, but no way he could wipe himself.  This was completely humiliating.  But he made no request to leave.  He would stick it out as best he could.

The second day in the box was much like the first.  Sometimes he drifted off to sleep.  Twice during the time, he felt the finger teasing his rock hard cock, but taking no steps to sexually relieve him.

He used the treadmill after he was out of the box, trying to work off the sexual energy to no avail.

The days wore on.  Each day he spent his hours in the box.  Each day his cock was toyed with.

After a time, he began to lose his feel of reality.  He had no one to speak to.  No radio.  No television.  No books.  In the box he was deprived of sight and sound.  He found that he was lying sleepless as his sexual frustration grew.  He was sleep deprived and in a stupor.  His penis was starting to ache from the constant teasing and no sexual release.  Everything was working together to take a toll on him.  He was losing his mind and his sense of self.  His world became centered on the penis.  Every minute of his existence was the feeling of his cock and the need for an orgasm.

It felt to him like weeks were passing by.  Again and again he was placed in his box.  Again and again his penis was put into the garden.  But he could not rest or even think.  He would lay there in complete awareness of his aching cock.  He had not even seen it since this began.  It seemed that it was no longer a part of him.  He had no way to see it, to touch it.  It was hers.  The Penis Gardener.

One day, as was routine, he felt the finger again.  He was almost disgusted, knowing that he was about to be tormented yet again.  But his organ sprang to life, becoming fully erect in seconds.  Almost as if it had its own life, hoping it could release its load.

The finger continued longer than it normally did.  And then he felt the entire hand just briefly enclose itself around his surfing penis. Then the finger began to caress the tip.  He could feel it glide on the fluid leaking from his throbbing cock.  Then he felt a tongue!  A tongue!  Just barely licking the tip.  It was more than he could bare!  If she just kept going, he would explode.  But all contact stopped.  It was over.  Todd lost all hope as he began to cry and tears ran down his face.

From then on, he was just a penis in a garden.  He did not think and did not hope.  He was lost.  When food was placed in his chamber, he went down on all fours without any hesitation or care and lapped it all up like some animal.

Each day in the box was just another day for the gardener to tend to her penis.  He was just attached to it acting like a life support system with no other purpose.

On one particular day, he was in his box when he felt the finger.  The penis hardened for its master.  The finger stroked.  It touched.  It rubbed the tip.  Then he felt a finger and thumb encircle the cock and begin to stroke up and down.  He tried not to enjoy this as he knew he would only suffer more.  But the manipulation continued on.  The whole hand was now involved and he could feel the finger of the other hand rubbing the penis head as the other worked the shaft.  And then…and then the mouth.  A mouth went down on his cock!  The tip of his cock was now to the back of her throat. And then the mouth lifted up.  Then down again.  Slowly and rhythmically this all continued on.  Todd’s entire body tensed up.  His mind and senses were on fire.  His cock was being sucked and jerked off.  The mere thought of coming was all that he could think of.  The thought of finally releasing his fluids.  Again and again the mouth went up and down while the hand held the shaft so very firmly.  He knew it was too late to stop.  He was on the verge of an orgasm and nothing would prevent it.  It was his sole mission and reason to exist.

Alison had been teasing this penis for almost three weeks.  She knew this newcomer was very virile and wanted to see how much fluid she could get from one orgasm.  She kept sucking and stroking until the cock began its spasm, then moved her head back.  Her hand started tugging on it as the first spurt of cum came out.  Not much at first, but with the second spasm, a huge stream of semen went almost a foot into the air, splashing into her face and onto her red hair.  After that first major flow, she began to suck it again in earnest.  A second orgasm hit him as more sperm spewed out, and this time she aimed the cock at her breasts, allowing the stream of semen to fall on her soft freckled chest.

It was impressive she thought.  She never saw so much semen from a man before.  She licked the cock, which was still so very hard, but done with its ejaculation for today.

She looked around the large room.  It was a good crop this year.  She filled the room to capacity with 8 young men.  She went to the next box.  This penis had been emptied just two days ago.  She began to run her hand over it and brought it hard.  Then she went to work with her mouth and tongue and soon began swallowing the cum that was gushing out.

After that she went to the next.  No mouth this time, just her hands.  Soon, semen was pouring over her neck and breasts.

Then a fourth.  This one came every day, so it was less apt to explode too soon.  She brought her petite body on top of the box and lowered herself onto the cock, allowing the large organ to enter her vagina.  She began humping on top of it and soon had a massive orgasm herself.   After a few minutes of her body sliding up and down on the cock, she could feel it coming inside her.

She sat their for a moment shaking with nervous energy.

Slowly, she slid herself off and crumpled to the floor.  She fingered herself to yet another orgasm.  She lay there on the hard floor, tasting the sperm still in her mouth and rubbing her hands over her cum drenched chest.

Every girl should have a penis garden, she thought.
