---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Intruder
authors:
- Geetwo
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- gag
- rope
- crotchrope
- mast
- climax
- reluct
- X
date: 2024-12-08 00:00:00
---

After a long day at the office, an hour’s food shopping in a crowded supermarket and a frustrating battle with rush-hour traffic, Jessica was more than glad to lock her front door behind her, drop the bags in the small kitchen of her rented, top-floor apartment and head for the shower, peeling off her wrap-around skirt, smart white blouse and lace-trimmed bra as she went.

Knowing that her apartment wasn’t overlooked, she paused for a moment by the window to enjoy her view across the rooftops to the soft green of the trees in a nearby park, feeling the cares of her hectic day begin to ebb away.

Gazing down from her lofty perch, she was taken totally by surprise when a strong arm encircled her waist, trapping her arms by her sides and a hand clamped tightly over her mouth, pulling her backwards away from the window.

For two seconds, Jessica was frozen with shock, unable to comprehend what was happening and in those few brief moments, was pushed belly-down onto the carpeted floor and pinned by the weight of her assailant sitting on her lower back, his knees either side of her body preventing her from freeing her arms even when his arm let go of hers.

Recovering from her temporary paralysis, she tried to buck and throw him off, but he was too heavy and with no leverage from her arms, she couldn’t do it despite her frantic efforts and the thrashing of her legs.

To her horror, his free hand appeared before her eyes holding a large black rubber ball attached to a wide white leather strap and all she could do was clench her teeth when the hand over her lips was removed and its place taken by what she realised must be a massive gag.

She was determined not to give in, but her assailant was no less determined and with both hands free, pinched her nose until she was forced to open her lips to breathe, then forced the ball against her teeth and pinched her nose closed again.

Deprived of most of her air, Jessica had no choice but to open her mouth and the moment she did, the ball was pushed in and her nose released, allowing her to suck in the oxygen she needed, but at the cost of the strap being buckled tightly behind her neck, holding the rubber ball-gag deep inside her mouth, wedging her jaws wide and reducing her furious protests to muffled grunts and whines.

Gagged into impotent near-silence, she whimpered in anguish when rope looped around her arms just above the elbows and began to draw taut, pulling her elbows closer and closer behind her back as the knees trapping her limbs relaxed just enough to allow her to be bound.

She was powerless to stop it or escape and as the ropes tightened inexorably, her shoulders strained back until her elbows met and the ropes were securely knotted.

Her fingers clawed when the weight on her back shifted downwards to settle on her thighs and her wrists were seized and held in one of her assailant’s hands, but it was child’s play for him to bind her limbs together with several turns of rope.

A third set of loops, midway between her wrists and elbows, removed any possibility of escape and when she felt him turn around so that he faced her feet, Jessica shivered, knowing just how helpless she was.

Helpless, but not yet helpless enough, as she immediately discovered when her left leg was grabbed, doubled up to her left buttock and lashed in place with more loops of rope.

Her right leg soon followed, but even this was not enough, for still more rope was passed between the loops and tightened, cinching them and removing any slack so that her folded legs were completely immobilised.

Rolled over and then lifted into a kneeling position, Jessica became aware for the first time, just how prominently her breasts were presented by the tightness of her elbow bondage.

Pulled high and taut by the tension in her shoulders, her breasts thrust outwards, each tipped by its stiff pink nipple, the rounded flesh so firm that it barely quivered as she breathed and as she saw how they invited caresses which she could do nothing to stop, her face flushed hotly.

Humiliated by her exposed plight, she bent forward in an effort to hide her nudity, but still couldn’t stop even more rope from encircling her body beneath her breasts and around her waist, both fresh sets of loops cinched tightly to lock her arms rigidly in place.

Apart from shaking her head and grunting in futile protest, there was absolutely nothing Jessica could do when she was laid on her back and the position caused her tightly-doubled legs to open wide.

With a huge effort, she managed to force her thighs almost closed, but after only a few seconds the strain on her muscles became too much and her trembling legs slowly parted again.

Spread in helpless vulnerability, she gazed up at her captor standing over her and gulped as she took in his muscular frame clad in blue jeans and dark coloured sweater…and the black ski-mask concealing his face.

Only his mouth and a pair of cool brown eyes were visible under the mask…and Jessica had no idea who he was.

Not that she expected to recognise him, for she was new to the city and her job and had barely spoken to her colleagues, let alone made any friends.

She was at the mercy of a total stranger…

She didn’t understand what the final length of rope was for.

Not until it was passed through between her straddled thighs, pulled tight and knotted to the rope around her waist, so that the single strand sank deep into the cleft of her sex.

Even over her flimsy panties, the effect on her was immediate and highly embarrassing, a powerful jolt of arousal setting her belly fluttering and her nipples stiffening shamefully before she could control her body’s automatic response.

The speed and power of her reaction was so unexpected that Jessica froze, her mind reeling in confusion over what it meant.

She had been attacked, bound, gagged and stripped by an unknown intruder, so how could she possibly be sexually excited?

Yet, somehow…she was…and as she saw his lips curve into a smile and knew that he had seen and recognised the all too obvious signs of her arousal, a second wave of heat surged through her belly and she couldn’t stifle a soft moan of anguish and need that filtered past the gag sealing her lips as she felt her panties dampen.

Betrayed by her own body, she shuddered wildly when he knelt beside her and his hands reached out to cup her offered breasts in his palms, thumbs and forefingers capturing and rolling her already-erect nipples.

Wave after wave of arousal rolled through Jessica’s tautened breasts as he toyed with her and hard though she tried to defy the devastating sensations, it was not long before they overwhelmed her determined resistance.

Helpless against the blazing heat of passions imposed upon her by his ruthless touch, she arched up to meet his hands, her cheeks scarlet with humiliation as she offered her body, but quite unable to control her all-consuming need to reach the gigantic orgasm seething and swirling deep in the pit of her belly.

Beneath the ski-mask, the brown eyes gleamed with amused pleasure and his left hand dropped to the rope at Jessica’s waist, tugging gently.

The movement was transmitted straight to the one bisecting her sex and Jessica squealed into her gag, her belly kicking powerfully as her arousal zoomed higher until she trembled on the brink of the orgasmic release she longed for so desperately but could not give herself.

So close and needing only a final nudge, her eyes bulged with fearful ecstasy when his right hand squeezed her rigid nipple just hard enough to bring a gasp of pain from her, while his right yanked the rope sharply, burying it even deeper in her sex and pressing directly onto her clitoris.

The double-pronged offensive instantly triggered Jessica’s climax and as a flood of hot juices exploded into her jerking belly and oozed from her sex to soak her panties and the rope between her gaping thighs, she gasped and moaned in her passion, straining vainly at her bonds in futile efforts to maximise still further the incredible sensations of exquisitely-pleasurable surrender to the gigantic orgasm imposed upon her.

Shuddering to the convulsions racking her helpless body, Jessica whined in loss as her captor took his hands from her, then whined again in dismay when he seized her left hip and shoulder and rolled her over onto her belly.

Face down, her breasts were squashed beneath her and her thigh muscles uncomfortably stretched, but she was powerless to alter her position and when she realised that her bottom and buttocks had to be embarrassingly elevated and alarmingly vulnerable, a muffled whimper and a fresh trickle of juices from her sex betrayed the confused mixture of deep humiliation and shameful excitement whirling through her brain as it dawned on her how easily she could be spanked.

Or worse, for the delicate fabric of her panties would be no defence if he chose to exert his full power over her.

Twisting her neck awkwardly, Jessica watched him kneel beside her, but instead of the renewed plundering of her body which she expected, she was astonished to see him loosening some of the ropes that bound her arms.

Loosening, but not fully releasing them and as she tried to make sense of what he was doing, he placed his mouth close to her ear and spoke in a low whisper for the very first time.

She felt herself redden as he murmured that he was pleased she appeared to have enjoyed herself as much as he had, if not more so and that he had suspected she would once her initial fright had worn off.

As she had probably realised, he loved to tie a girl up and play with her and Jessica’s responses to his bondage and his hands had been even more than he had hoped it would be, suggesting to him that perhaps she hadn’t been entirely unhappy at finding herself at his mercy.

If he was right, they could both have a whole lot of fun together and if she was up for it, he had lots of ideas for kidnap and bondage scenarios.

How did she feel about trying handcuffs and leg-irons, for example?

Jessica’s immediate reaction was to shake her head in absolute denial, but then she hesitated as her belly swirled with delicious heat, remembering how powerful her one orgasm had been and wondering if he was going to give her a second before he untied her.

It would be easy for him and she really wouldn’t mind…

Her hesitation brought a smile to his lips and when he chuckled and added that he had a nice leather straitjacket that would be a perfect fit for her, she couldn’t help but gasp as her belly kicked powerfully.

His smile grew wider at her response and when he asked her if her answer was yes to playing again, Jessica shut her eyes and took a deep, deep breath.

Then opened them, gazed up at him and nodded sharply, even as a shiver of apprehension raced up her spine at the thought of what she might be letting herself in for.

He held her gaze for five seemingly endless seconds, then stood up, towering over her bound body and chuckled a second time, telling her that he was already looking forward to their second meeting and introducing her to some of his favourite toys that he was sure she’d like as much as he did.

 He turned towards the door and Jessica squealed, realising he was about to leave without untying her.

He stopped and looked back, then shook his head firmly and told her she’d have to finish untying herself.

He had loosened her bonds enough that she would be able to get free with a bit of effort and wriggling and he wasn’t going to spoil her enjoyment of his bondage by letting her go.

She’d be fine and have fun releasing herself, but just in case, he’d email her on her private office address in the morning and if she somehow hadn’t managed to escape, he had a copy of her apartment key and would come straight over to let her go.

For a moment, the implications of his words didn’t sink in and then Jessica realised…

She still didn’t know him or anything about him, but he not only knew her, but had a key to her apartment and her secure computer password.

He had to be one of her colleagues from the office.

But which one?

And how had he known she wouldn’t freak out when he tied her?

Even she hadn’t known she would react as she had.

Surely he didn’t really think she’d just let him come into her home, tie her up and do whatever he wanted to her, whenever he felt like it?

What if she changed the door lock and her password?

What if she didn’t…?

Giving her a cheery wave, he strode out and when Jessica heard her front door shut and the sound of the lock, it confirmed to her that he really did have a key, just as he had said.

With a key, he could be in the apartment, waiting for her any evening when she got home.

She wouldn’t know until he pounced.

Jessica shivered, feeling a delicious warmth percolate through her belly as she imagined what it would be like to wear a straitjacket, or feel the implacable grasp of cold, hard steel on her limbs.

She had no idea, but unless she did something to stop it happening, it was clear she was soon going to find out.

She must think it through and come to a decision…

Ninety minutes and three small, but delightfully satisfying mini-orgasms later, Jessica looked at the ball-gag and tangle of rope that had reduced her to helpless captivity and given her no choice but to submit to the heated passions unleashed in her body.

She knew she could have released herself much more quickly if she had really wanted to…but she hadn’t wanted to and deliberately used the bondage he had imposed on her to intensify her arousal as she fantasised about becoming the prisoner of her unknown colleague again.

Delicious as the three mini-climaxes had been, they could not compare to the one he had given her while she really had been helplessly bound.

That had eclipsed anything she had experienced before and she wanted more of the same…and perhaps even more than that.

Much more and Jessica knew just how to get it…

She wouldn’t be changing her computer password, ***or*** the lock on her front door…
