---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/a_dommes_frustration.html
title: A Domme's Frustration
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F-f
- bond
- remote
- tease
- denial
- toys
- buttplug
- susp
- rope
- blindfold
- gag
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2026-05-09 00:00:00
---

A nervous flutter rumbled in Kristine’s stomach, or perhaps a more proper description was crippling anxiety. She gripped the doorknob to her bedroom, ready to plunge back in. For the past two hours she had been teasing, tormenting, and otherwise giving her wife everything her submissive heart could desire. For the last thirty minutes, she had left her blindfolded, gagged, and suspended in a bowstring hogtie from their ceiling while she waited just outside their door. Kristine had monitored her wife’s muffled whimpers through the door to play a fun game of teasing her just shy of an orgasm.

On that note, she clocked Hannah’s pleasure filled moans that had been building for the past couple of minutes had gone quiet. *Cheeky bitch.* She smiled, distracting her from her own anxiousness as she realized her wife was holding her sexy sighs in to make it harder for Kristine to know when to cut off the vibrators. After 12 years married, she knew Hannah too well for the poor submissive’s trick to work. She gave it a few more seconds and opened her locked phone screen, dropping her straight back into the app controlling the two vibes buzzing away on the other side of the door. Bathed in blue light in the dark hall, Kristine contorted her smile into a devious grin as she cut off both vibes completely. If she had timed it right, Hannah had just started to crest into an orgasm, but it would be ruined by the lack of stimulation. And Hannah, suspended as she was, had no way of doing anything about it.

Sure enough, sweetly forlorn sobbing began drifting to Kristine’s ears. Absently, her hand slipped under her latex panties to play at her own aroused pussy. She waited a few seconds and then started repeatedly turning on Hannah’s tormentors at full speed for a couple of blissful seconds before cutting them off again and again. Those wonderful sobs accompanying each stilling of the vibrators. It was driving Kristine crazy as she worked two fingers between her own lower lips, her thumb playing at her clit frantically.

Playing her remote game with her submissive wife helped build her towards an orgasm, but as she drew close to her own climax, so grew those horrible nerves. She tried to keep the intrusive thoughts at bay, to focus on the symphony of her slave’s begging for a climax and her own mounting pleasure, but she was already beginning to feel the familiar hopelessness consume her. She’d taken too long focusing on her wife’s pleasure again, as much fun as it was, and she knew her own hopes for bliss were probably already done for the night.

The anxiety got the better of her, and despite continuing her game for a few more minutes and a near constant rubbing of her personal pleasure button, she knew it was pointless. Yet again, she had gotten into her own mind and now there was a mental block preventing her from orgasming. It was so messed up and maddening. For the last several months she simply hadn’t been able to climax when they played. It made no sense, but a familiar pattern had appeared. One or the other of them would get horny, and that person would make a pass at the other. One thing would lead to another, and they would find themselves in a passionate moment of love, Hannah usually tied up and driven mad with denial or overwhelming pleasure, and Kristine would focus on the tied-up beauty and her submissive needs. Then when Kristine thought she was ready to orgasm herself, she would try but just couldn’t quite get there.

It had become the most vexing thing in Kristine’s life. She supposed that spoke more to her good fortune if not getting to cum was the worst of her worries, but it was still awful all the same. Nothing she tried seemed to alleviate the weird anxiety that came now every time she neared release. She had tried to focus more on the sexy movements of her wife bound and in subspace only to realize the more she focused on her wife, as fun as it was, she would simply get over fixated and completely forget about her own arousal and end up completely dry at the end of the night. In those instances, she had not lost her interest; she was simply so completely lost in sating her partner that nothing else mattered. She had sorted out that it was the weird conundrum that had started this whole self-imposed denial cycle. Somewhere along the line, she had gotten so transfixed on the needs of her sub that she had simply gotten into the habit of ignoring her own pleasure. It had become second nature.

Hannah, perceptive as always, had sorted out the problem, realizing that Kristine’s trait of putting the needs of others before her own, combined with her ability to hyper focus, had resulted in Kristine not being able to climax. It had led them both on a journey to find a way to carry Kristine over into a fulfilled state, but sadly, it hadn’t worked as of yet. They had spent several sessions with Hannah trying everything in her talented repertoire to get Kristine off. Instead, to both their frustrations, Kristine’s block persisted. It was even worse when Hannah tried to focus purely on Kristine, as it had the habit of making Kristine feel guilty about the focus being on her, and she’d often get lost in thinking about how to make it up to her doting submissive wife.

The worst part for the Domme member of the couple wasn’t that she couldn’t get off herself anymore, as terrible as that was, but how it was affecting Hannah’s happiness now, too. She was internalizing it and thinking it was all her fault somehow. It killed Kristine’s soul how Hannah looked so crestfallen each time she failed to service her mistress; her love. It turned their frequent play sessions from a bonding moment, highlighting their love to this ominous fear inducing thing. Today Hannah had come up with the idea that since Kristine could, on rare occasions, masturbate to completion when on her own, maybe creating some physical separation as they played might do the trick. Hence, why Kristine was on the other side of the door from her kind and loving wife, playing with an app instead of directly with her.

It just wasn’t working. *Fuck, what is wrong with me? I love her. She is beautiful, but I can’t fucking cum anymore with her!*The frustration boiled over again, and Kristine dialed Hannah’s vibrators up to max and left them there. Soon the forlorn sobs turned to shrieks of pleasure. Kristine rested her head against the door softly. She sighed and whispered to herself, “At least someone should enjoy themselves today.” She resolved to put on a brave face.

She would forget once more about her own pleasure and make sure to give Hannah such a good night that she wouldn’t turn to melancholy over Kristine’s continued denial. She flung the door open with false bravado. To her delight, the sight was indeed exquisite. Hannah’s dark-skinned body glistened with a luminescence in the warm lamplight of their bedroom. Every part of her body twitched and convulsed. Fingers and toes twisting in unnatural ways, as if possessed by an otherworldly entity. Her thighs clapped together as she knocked her knees against each other, and she thrusted her hips, humping the air under her suspended body. Hannah’s head thrashed about despite the horrendous pain that it caused by pulling on the rope entwined with her thick, curly hair.

Enraptured at the wonderful vision of her wife so completely broken by pleasure, Kristine crossed the room to the swaying, thrashing woman. She traced her hand along the sweat slicked skin. The suspended hogtie was actually for Kristine. It was one of her favorite positions to put Hannah in visually. She loved how Hannah’s back would arch, head and legs pulled painfully up, chest thrusted towards the ground. *Speaking of which*…Kristine let her hand drift to the pert, dark nipples she loved so much. Her fingers pinched them. Hannah, lost in ecstasy, seemed to barely note the gesture, but Kristine kept playing at them as Hannah’s body slowly adjusted to the sensation of her nearly continuous state of orgasm.

Realizing from experience that the vibrators soon wouldn’t be enough to keep the blissful state sustained, Kristine leapt into action, all but forgetting her own frustration for the moment, wholly focused once more on her submissive’s fun. She grabbed two clothespins and applied them to each nipple. The sensation wasn’t probably much, all things considered in the grand scheme of this setup, but it caused Hannah to increase her screaming back up an octave and sent a new wave of coughing spittle out from the pale blue ball gag crammed in Hannah’s mouth. The contrast between light blue silicone and dark lips was so pretty, Kristine adored it.

With no time to waste, though, Kristine rotated around Hannah until her face was between the violently shaking legs of her lover. She now connected a spreader bar to keep those legs apart for easier access. Kristine’s talented fingers next found their way to Hannah’s clit, and she began a familiar but highly effective sequence of twirling around the small pleasurable spot before pressing the pierced little bud fiercely. It worked like magic. Hannah’s beautiful form danced even more violently now. Her voice cracked and ceased, likely too far gone to sustain the volume her body demanded.

Kristine again switched it up slightly for one last push of pleasure. Using one hand to spread Hannah as open as possible, she alternated between tapping her wife’s clit softly and slapping it firmly. Combined with the two intruders incessantly and relentlessly buzzing away in Hannah’s pussy and ass, it sent another sustained shockwave through the submissive member of the couple. Kristine wasn’t sure how long Hannah’s continuous climax lasted, but it was certainly one of her longest. She was so happy and proud to have ripped so much pleasure from Hannah’s body.

By the time she cut off the vibrators, removed the clothespins, and lowered the woman to the floor, Hannah seemed to be in a blissful comatose state. She released the hogtie but retied Hannah’s wrists in front of her. Kristine then massaged her wife’s sore body until Hannah seemed to find her way back to conscious thought. Not ready to give up on their evening of fun, Kristine removed the ball gag, and after grabbing a wand vibrator, took a seat in the high-backed chair in their bedroom that they used as a throne. She’d try something that used to always work for her, and that would allow Hannah to recover some before her next round of fun, if she could even stand another round.

“Come here sweet,” the words were said in a seductive tone she knew Hannah loved.

When the tired form made no effort, Kristine repeated her refrain with a sweet tone that mismatched some of the words themselves. “Oh, my dear submissive, you’d better get over here now. I want you here worshiping my legs, or so help me, I will beat your ass so hard you can’t sit for a week. Move.”

That snapped Hannah back. “Promises, promises. Mistress,” she attempted to say temptingly, but her hoarse throat turned it more to a croak.

Kristine couldn’t help but chuckle ever so lightly. She set aside the wand she had selected for herself and grabbed a glass of water on their nightstand. She offered it to a lightly coughing Hannah, who seized the glass with bound hands. “Careful, not too fast,” Kristine worryingly cautioned. As her wife drank greedily, she rubbed her back reassuringly. “Want to stop?” Kristine sensed she had asked as much to avoid the anxiety of another failed personal orgasm, as out of her genuine concern for her wife.

Hannah sat the now half empty glass on the soft carpet. She rose into a kneeling position before saying, “No, Mistress. You need your fun, too.”

Kristine smiled. Hannah seemed relaxed. *Who wouldn’t be after that much pleasure?* Kristine didn’t want her issues to ruin that feeling. “Oh, I am good. Your idea with the door worked. I mean, why do you think I turned everything up to max?” Kristine hoped she sounded convincing in her lie.

Hannah still looked content, but she gave a disbelieving glare. *Was I that transparent?* Kristine thought. “Fine, follow.” Kristine strutted back to her throne. She reclined; legs open in command more than invitation. Hannah followed, hands remaining bound as she plucked the wand from beside the chair. She knelt before Kristine and turned the vibrator to the Domme’s favorite pulsing setting and applied it deftly to a well-known spot from their years of exploring each other’s bodies. A gasp leapt from Kristine’s lips. It was a wonderful feeling, yet ominous clouds filled her mind. It always started off feeling good, but she was too far gone already. Her mind betrayed her before her body could win. She dreaded making Hannah feel inadequate again.

She wrapped her pale legs around those smooth, dark shoulders. Her wife was a leg woman and instantly attacked, placing a series of kisses on her legs. It always felt good to Kristine, but this was most definitely more for the submissive member of the duo. It was a vain attempt again to distract Hannah from her Domme’s inability to derive pleasure anymore. It worked for a moment. Hannah seemed to lean into it, moaning as she planted kiss after delighted kiss, all the while undulating the wand in what in the past would have been a sure-fire way to appease Kristine’s lust.

Now, though, it was just a reminder of how broken Kristine had become. Frustrated, but wanting Hannah to at least enjoy the night, Kristine did the unthinkable. She tried to pass off the mild pleasure she was having as an orgasm. Perhaps, Hannah, distracted by the legs, wouldn’t notice the pathetic farce, but of course that wasn’t the case. Firm lips stopped tracing up a flexing thigh. “Really, Kristine?”

The dominant wife tried to feign ignorance of her own ploy, but knew it was pointless and caved in short order. “Sorry, HanHan. I…just, uh, don’t know what’s wrong with me. I promise it isn’t you. It’s me.” *Fuck, that sounded so cliché, even if it was actually true.* She couldn’t stomach looking at Hannah as she continued, “Look, let’s head over to the bed and I’ll strap you down and get you all worked up again. I’ll even do that thing you like with me smothering you with my chest.” She arose from her seat, and without looking down since she knew she couldn’t stand the thought of seeing the now too familiar look of sadness on Hannah’s face, she grabbed the rope holding her wife’s wrists bound and started for the bed.

She didn’t make it far before meeting resistance. She spun, surprised. Hannah was always such an obedient submissive. She’d always said she loved the feeling of completely giving into Kristine’s dominance, never really liking playing the brat. Maybe this was another attempt at trying something different. And it was, but not exactly what she thought. Hannah didn’t have a mischievous, bratty look. No, her expression was stone cold serious in a way that looked bizarre on her usually carefree face. “Untie me.”

“Wait, Hannah, we can still have fun.”

“Untie me. Now.”

Tears welled in Kristine’s eyes. *She’s finally done with me, and my screwed-up mind,* she thought. She complied, wiping away a tear.

To her surprise, a warm thumb brushed Kristine’s cheek where that tear had just been. “Do you trust me?” Kristine looked confused, but nodded. In a blur, Hannah flipped Kristine around and gently, but firmly, pressed her lover towards the bed. Kristine fell face first down on the soft comforter. She felt Hannah crawl atop her. A sweet and soft voice whispered in her ear. “Let me try something, and you try to relax.” The pressure on Kristine’s back shifted, but didn’t disappear. *What is she up to? It doesn’t matter. I won’t be able to climax anyway. I’ll humor her for now.*

Then something wrapped once, then twice, then thrice around her before she realized the feeling was a soft rope binding her wrists. Shock ignited in her. She was the Domme, the Madame of their little play, not the submissive.

“HanHan…Wha…” Her words ceased as Hannah cut her off. “Trust me, like I do you. Just let me do this for you this once.”

This seemed wrong. An inversion of their whole relationship, but then why was Kristine nodding assent? She had never found the idea of submitting appealing. No, she was the Domme. The one to control the situation, guide it to a place of mutual pleasure. Her heart fluttered as she felt one of their blindfolds descend over her head. *Why do I feel this ember smoldering in me then?* Hannah was gentle as she buckled the blindfold on and rolled Kristine onto her back. “It’s okay. You are safe, and I love you. Relax and let me show you all the love you have shown me over the years.” Hannah straddled Kristine once more. Her thighs squeezing the Domme turned submissive. It wasn’t painful. Far from it. Instead, it was a steady pressure that somehow felt reassuring as Hannah’s hands and lips danced across Kristine’s body. The control from her wife and the darkness of the blindfold seemed to quiet her anxiety. The weight of her lover pressing her into the soft bed like a comforting blanket.

What followed was a surprising night for Kristine. While she still considered herself a Domme, she found herself unexpectedly relishing the other side of the coin. Hannah proved adept as the dominant, likely from the years submitting. She was firm, but gentle, never inflicting pain but exerting control over her wife. Knots that secured, but didn’t bite. Focused, loving touches that made Kristine feel like the center of the universe. And then it finally happened. That talented tongue and those caring hands brought Kristine to her long-lost place of bliss.

Panting from behind the same pale blue gag that had earlier adorned Hannah, and that somehow had found its way to her mouth at some point, Kristine felt clarity overtake her. Even in all these years with Hannah, she had never truly allowed herself to be the pure focus of their play, even when commanding the woman to service her. She’d always placed Hannah’s desires first. She had been the dutiful Domme. She loved that, of course, but she also, clearly based on tonight, enjoyed relinquishing that role, even if only for a little while. Somehow, despite never recognizing that she was a switch, her brilliant wife had finally pieced it together and shown her irrevocable proof of it.

She felt Hannah settle in next to her, spooning her the way Kristine had so many nights before. A new symmetry was coalescing, and a new world was opening up to the couple that seemed so implausible. Tears of joy streaked down her cheeks as Kristine, still gagged, bound, and blindfolded, pressed herself back deeper into Hannah’s embrace. It felt so warm and fuzzy. *This must be what she feels all the time,* Kristine thought. It was worth submitting to the other woman. She purred contentedly as dark arms enveloped her in a tight hug. Nothing would be the same, but that was exhilarating.
