---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Starting with Dinner
authors:
- Mystified_Switch
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- bond
- corset
- oral
- anal
- electroplay
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2008-11-20 00:00:00
---

Respectfully and sincerely written for: Miss C.

The glow of the the dimmed lighting complimented the soft background music playing. He sat there quietly, ever grateful, and slowly ate the finely prepared dinner before him. This particular restaurant was not for the everyday consumer, but rather a prestigious five star Irish Steakhouse, and her personal favorite. It’s not her style to bring just anyone here, but of course he did not know that.

The business was a little slow for a Saturday afternoon, but that was just fine with him. He was hoping not to have too many people look at him, 'What if these people caught on to what she is doing to me?' He thought over and over.

Breathing normally was out the window, as was the typical male speed record eating habits that usually disgust most civilized and mature women. His breaths were controlled, as was the reduced pace in which he was forced to eat, although he didn’t mind either factor. He was rather comfortable in the situation he found himself navigating through.

Underneath his long sleeve light blue dress shirt, and the white tee shirt was the reason to his slow eating, and changed breathing pattern. But the corset was not completely closed. It has a closed measurement of thirty inches, but she only laced him down from his natural waist of thirty six inches down to thirty three. He was cinched, the pressure on his lower spine and abdomen actually forced him to sit properly and maintain a neat posture. Unlike of course, how most males slouch lazily in any given chair. After all, she wasn’t going to take him to such a reputable establishment only to have him slouching and pigging out like snot nosed schoolboy. Her tastes were more refined, she didn’t know him well enough to know that his were as well. As he felt the gentle constriction with every breath, he knew she could take it in more, and she had mentioned that earlier.

“ I expect you to be on your absolute best behavior while we are out, or having this corset fully laced and locked onto you will certainly be the last of your worries, slut, now do you understand?”

Her words still echoed in his mind. Instead of terror, like most men would feel in that instance, he only felt serenity. He looked up at her and smiled. His eyes were directed to the blouse that was hugging her pert breasts, but also conservatively hidden from others view by the knit loose and unbuttoned long sleeve shirt she was wearing. He enjoyed her dominance over him, and it felt completely smitten to him. He had absolutely no reason to resist her, nor did he want to.

She caught a glimpse of his stare and before he could cast his eyes back down, she made it known nonverbally to him that the eye contact was not acceptable. Reaching into the front pocket of her skirt she maneuvered with stealth precision a finger over the tiny button, clicking it into the box it was semi enclosed into. Just before she clicked it, she savored the thought of his instant reaction. He nearly stood up with the level of vibrations channeling from the device to his upper rectum and prostate area. His instincts told him to put his eyes down, both hands placed palms down on the table and sitting bolt upright he remained as motionless as he could with the intruder on a low setting, He thought to himself as his eyes focused on the table in front of him.. ‘God help me if she cranks up the setting to full, but I hope she does, mmmm’.

After a moment, and regaining his composure, he kept his eyes fixed down and his hands motionless before her upon the table. Realizing that he was biting his lip, he stopped. Then he softly whispered an apology to Miss C, and she happily accepted it and clicked the remote off. Now this response did please her, she smiled and resumed carving up her medium well Rib eye steak. She let it go at that, besides; she really did love his smile. Although it breaks the rules, she enjoyed seeing her sub smiling at her. Knowing that serving her pleases him so, stirs up warm and fuzzy feelings within her. She felt like a woman with a special purpose, and besides, what girl doesn’t like the attention from a boy.

His dinner was light, as she had ordered it for him. Her fear was he might order too much and make himself ill, so she chose to select his entrée of a six ounce prime rib steak with a few trimmings. The concern she had was the present state and circumference of his midsection, and how much fun she planned on having later finishing the job and cinching the garment completely shut.

She began to think back to earlier at the room. The image of standing behind him in the doorway leading to the restroom, as his hands were holding onto the top of the frame. She plays the earlier scene over in her mind. The way his stance made his body stretch. She loved the look of his nude body, and it looked so inviting to her. The sound of his shallow breathing as she drew the laces in. Moreover the sensations she began to develop between her thighs as the hourglass figure upon his waist became more pronounced, and his freedom being taken away that much more.

Her mind began to play out seeing him on the bed on all fours, with his back to her. She relished the fact that his arms fit in the single glove. Finally someone who respects himself enough to stay in reasonable shape. She had a difficult time keeping her composure as she looked at his bound form, The red ball filling his mouth and the black strap holding it in place, but she decided no blindfold though. No, oh no, this little slut was definitely going to see her as she exited the restroom, wearing only her satin bra with matching garter belt and thigh high stockings and of course her knee high boots.

The object that she wanted him to be fixated, on, however, not being the lingerie but instead was the eight inches of thick and soft ribbed rubber strapped around and just below her lower abdomen. She knew without a doubt she was shoving soft rubber in his mouth to humiliate him before taking him from behind. This slut was going to suck on her artificial member while she works herself into frenzy like none before. She has never made a sub cum with anal, but her research informed her it was possible. This she wanted to see for herself, and she decided that she was going to grab the belt over his corset, and use it for leverage to allow her to ram every last centimeter of the toy in and out of him.

She thought about him at the end of the bed, his ankles locked to a spreader bar and feet on the floor spread at shoulders length apart. Leaning back onto the bed his bottom was open to her and she craved the thought of walking up to him, grabing two handfulls of his round ass, and just using that to hold him steady while she looked him deep in the eyes before thrusting in and out of him. With his arms bound and him gagged it would be like walking a puppy through the park, no sweat. Her devious plan didn’t end there though…

The thought was making her so wet and needing a release, to which she knew she was soon to receive. She was determined, wanting and so excited to have the chance to violate her sub, nothing on this globe was going to stop the determination she held within herself. She decided to stop tugging the laces when the corset was halfway closed. Rationale and intelligence won over compulsion and masochism. She knew he needed some room as he moved around and ate, after all she was in control of him but not completely vindictive. She respected him, and she didn’t want to cause any real harm, so she gave the laces a once over, tucked in the excess in between the outer layer of the garment and the inner layer lacing protector, and for good measure took out a four inch wide leather belt from her suitcase and placed it around his already compressed waist. Keeping the roller buckle on his backside, she applied a few small locks through the holes and the side bars of the buckle.

“There we go slut, no going to the bathroom and taking this off for you.”

He looked down seeing only the back of the thick and tall leather belt, it’s smooth surface further compressing him with no way of removal. It was buckled tightly to him, with a seamless appearance almost like as if it was a part of the corset. She smiled as she tested her craftsmanship, and had tightened the belt enough so that the buckle could not be spun around to the front. She glanced back down at the belt before he put on the tee shirt and smiled to herself, realizing it was giving him a pipe stem waist effect, and would also provide her that much anticipated gripping point that would come in handy later on. Satisfied, she tucked all the lock keys away in her suitcase, no need to take them along with and risk losing them somewhere.

After his tee shirt was on, she stopped him. This is unexpected to him. He softly whispers to her with his eyes down, “Miss C, I don’t understa”…

She gently covers his mouth with her hand and smiles. “It’s okay, I want to have some fun with you while were out”.

His eyes cast down as he gives himself to her further, she picks this up and it pleases her that much more. She removes some items from her bag and lays them out in the bed. Next she tells him to get down on his knees. As he does this she steps behind him and places her hands on his shoulders and gently nudges him in a sign to get down on all fours. He does so without question. She places a blindfold on him, to enhance the surprise of which will highlight his evening out. He hears her moving around as anticipation for the unknown builds up within him. She steps back and admires the form in front of her. She just cannot resist and gives into the temptation of a playful smack across his left bottom cheek. Her hand bounces off and she watches his rump juggle for a moment, she definitely looks forward to getting back to violating that orifice later on tonight.

“This little slut just looks like too much fun for me to waste”, as she thinks to herself all the similar interests that they share.

She admires the curvy rump, and looks admirably on at him. Reaching down she grabs a pair of disposable latex gloves and puts them on. She then takes the tube of gel lubricant and applies a fair amount on her right hand index finger. Kneeling behind him, she takes her left hand and grabs his manhood stroking him to arousal, and she enjoys the low moaning sounds emitted by him.. after he is fully aroused she takes her right hand with the lubed finger and slowly works it in and up, gently distributing the lube and massaging the sphincter muscle to slowly stretch and relax it. After a few pleasurable moments she decides he is ready for the plug, weather he thinks he is ready or not is irrelevant to her..

“Now then, slut, Just to show you how much I own you, I’m going to plug and fill that round and pert little bubble butt of yours until I choose to un fill it, and there’s absolutely nothing you can do about it”. (Not that he would even think about trying to stop her).

“Something for you to think about, today while were out”, Miss C. continued in a casual conversational tone, “Is that tonight I am making you my little butt slut. You **will** learn how to take my strap on in your mouth without choking yourself, and when I am satisfied with that, I plan on bending you over in some form of strict inescapable bondage and fucking that tight little arse of yours until it makes me cum. I will make you cum again, but that doesn’t mean for a second that I’m done fucking you, bitch”

“As far as I am concerned, the point after you come is the actual starting point of me fucking you.” As she is speaking she remains in a calm conversational matter of fact tone. “I think it will be simply delicious to watch you cum, then still be fucked and unable to stop me from fucking you even more, and in different positions, with different sized dildos also. I think you’re going to have a very endurance tested evening, slut. Oh, and don’t think you’re getting off by getting fucked with the same dildo, because they increase in girth and length, and I will be changing the sizes up cycling through every single strap on dong in my **entire** collection. It appears that my attachments all want to take your tight slutty ass on a test ride, and for you my little slut there is no choice in it.”

“Now then, about the plug I will be inserting and filling you with. This particular model has dual function, first being inflatable, and second having a multi speed remote vibrator”.

With that she kneeled back down next to him and began with the plug. She enjoyed working the ribbed intruder up into him, he moaned, and his body squirmed slightly as she worked the plug in slowly, inflated a few pumps, released the air, and pulled out the plug. She repeated this several times, inflating a larger diameter after every series of inflations. The maximum amount of pumps needed to inflate the plug to capacity is twenty pumps, her goal is half of that for tonight’s excursions. Around the sixth re insertion she had nine pumps in the plug, and gently tugged at it to ensure that it’s seated firmly and won’t come out, assisted or not. But to humiliate him even more, she decided to lock the plug in with a leather harness assembly.

Noticing the erection she said to him, “this is unacceptable, we have to get rid of this before we leave”.

She moved him over to the high backed wooden chair at the desk, and placed a towel down over the seat. “ Sit down”, and he did so without question. She cuffed his wrists behind the back of the chair to hold him in place, and to keep his hands out of the way. She knew that he’s said that he’s not big on receiving oral, but this little slut hasn’t experienced HER touch, and Mistress is determined to show him how the job is done right. She is confident after she has had her way with him, his opinion will rapidly shift in the opposite direction.

She knelt down, taking him into her mouth, and gently worked his member with her right hand between her mouth and his body. She loves this part, and since he is her slut, who would he be to tell her no? She used her left hand to begin the vibrator on a medium speed. She noticed his head tilted back and eyes shut, she snuck in another pump of air forcing the plug deeper within him and expanding outwards against his rectal walls as well. This caused him to take in a sharp and deep gasp for air and after a moment she snuck in another pump or two. An increase of her sucking, pumping his member fast, and turning the vibrator to its full speed setting caused his entire muscular system to seize up. His breathing stopped completely and his body froze in position as he experienced a massive release and the most wonderful orgasm he has had ever had, (as far as he’s concerned).

Mistress was very pleased, and did not allow even one drop of slut’s sperm to go to waste. She smiled as she continued with the suction on his throbbing and now very sensitive member. After she was satisfied, she allowed him to catch his breath, and rest a few moments while she went to brush her teeth, and re apply her lipstick that subsequently rubbed off just a few short moments ago. Looking out of the bathroom at the white cotton panties she had forced him into, she decided to keep those off. She chuckled inward in the fact that their clothing sizes were nearly the same, and thus presenting her with numerous opportunities in that regard if she so chooses. “No need to soil such pretty panties, slut.”

She rustles through her gym bag and hands him an individually wrapped maxi pad with wings. “Here, remove the wrapper and paper over the adhesive strip and press it into the crotch of those panties. This should absorb any residual fluids or excess lube, and protect my panties from getting soiled.”

( She knew there would be no mess as she had taken the pleasure of forcing him into the bathroom earlier and administered a series of enemas. His reaction of being filled first with the two quart bag of warm soapy water amused her. She made him hold the mix, although she did cheat by inserting an inflatable plug in to prevent premature discharge or leaks. This rendered him unable to discharge the soapy effluent, and he was completely filled. She sat and watched him squirm and waited about ten minutes before having him sit on the commode while she released the valve holding in the air to the massively inflated plug. Once more with just warm water to remove any soapy residue, hold for ten minutes, and she was satisfied that he was clean back there. This would be an important step for later on.)

He complied, and in a moment had the panties on, over the harness and the intruder. He felt so embarrassed, being violated and then forced to wear the panties for her amusement. She picked up on his embarrassment right away and walked over to him, making a point to run her hands over the panties covering his rump. Slowly she squeezed and massaged handfuls of his arse, all the while seeing his reaction of mixed humiliation and pleasure.

“Okay” she says to him, “Now you may sit on the bed.”

‘Oh crap’ he thought, ‘Sit, with this still in me? She is kidding, right?’

His silent question answered by her a moment later with a gentle nudge towards the bed. He struggles to sit down slowly and once seated he feels tremendous pressure in his backside, although he has to admit is highly pleasurable. She walks over and helps herself to sit right down on his lap, both bodies facing the same direction. She playfully bounces up and down on his lap, and then grinds onto him, listening to his moans brings a smile across her face. She teases him by pushing her rear right down on his crotch. To further add to his humiliation she kneels before him and pulls up some sheer black thigh highs.

“Oh, guess we need something to hold these up, huh?”

“Stand up”, and with that she fastens a garter belt around him and attaches the stockings to the garter straps dangling from the belt. “You might be dressed normally on the exterior while were out, slut, but your under things will be of my choosing and we both will know just who is in charge. Every time you walk, or bend you’re going to feel the nylons and my panties squeezing you rump. Even in public your body must constantly and quietly submit to me”.

“Oh just wait till after were done this evening, then I’m really going to have my way with you”. She stands up, and waits patiently for him to finish dressing before they head out to the day of shopping and whatever else she feels like doing.

Sitting there and almost finishing her dinner she smiled as she reflected back on the day’s activities. She knew he had to be aroused, and probably so for some time but unable to do anything about it. They finish dinner and leave together. During the ride back to the room, his mind wandered of impending events to come. She looks over at him, and her crimson painted lips smile as she formulates her next step upon arriving to the room.

Before getting into the hotel, Mistress walks up to him, and reaching both her arms up over his shoulders she pulls him in and he reciprocates by wrapping his arms around her waist as they embrace in a warm slow hug under the stars in the cool autumn breeze. Miss looks at him, then without thought embraces him with a deep and sensuous kiss that almost throws him off balance. Feeling completely satisfied, both make their way back to the room for a mutually enjoyable evening together.
