---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiessz/sam_and_em26.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: Sam and Em
authors:
- ForeverAltered
tags:
- F/f
- F+/f
- fpov
- chastity
- bond
- rope
- gag
- shave
- tease
- denial
- latex
- catsuit
- vacbed
- shop
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-12-06 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 26

The poor woman trembled with anxiety as I examined her body. A blindfold covered her eyes, blocking out all sight and making her completely unaware of what I had planned for her. I couldn't blame my sister for being nervous, I had her fully bound to the bed with little room for release and I had not told her what I wanted to do, she was just glad to be rid of that metal contraption; even just for a few minutes.

It had been a week since I installed the chastity belt on her body. Seven full days without access to her sex and the ability to receive pleasure. The belt might have been thinner than the one I had to endure, but it was clear the results were the same, seven days later and Emily was begging for release. I watched as her fingers shook gently, bound against the wooden headboard of our bed, a sling went around her neck that brought her knees up and a long chain connected her ankles to the bottom of the bed. Each restraint worked with the other, allowing this position my sister was stuck in. Her hands were useless and her legs were brought up, giving me full access to her private area with no ability to stop me.

This was what she wanted, to be released from the damned device and I was more than willing to give her that wish. I took the padlock key off my necklace and brought it to the brass padlock, the shiny, silver material of the belt highlighted the lock, as if making it a goal for me.

Emily's breath quickened, she felt that I was close to her sex, so close to removing the one item that has caused her grief for an entire week. Luckily, I had the foresight to gag my sister, the last thing I wanted was for her to beg over and over for some form of stimulation, whether it be by my hand or by some toy. This allowed her moans to fill up the room. Quiet, accidental whimpers that were blocked by the plastic in her mouth, like music to my ears.

The lock clicked and released the second the key was turned, the sound alone caused Emily to jolt in place; startled by the sudden sound against the painful silence. I tried my hardest not to giggle as I removed the lock from the belt, allowing the metal keeping it in place to spring free. I pulled the device out from underneath her, showing off the bottom half of her naked form and her bound limbs unable to stop me from doing what I wanted.

It was a welcome sight. Despite Emily being chastity, it was lovely to see her sex once more, I even started to believe that I was missing it more than her. It was so tempting to indulge myself, take my tongue to it and tease her beyond anything before placing the restraint on her once more, but I had to control myself.

There was a reason I was removing the belt and it was more serious than just to have fun, I wanted to make sure Emily was clean first. I wanted to tease her, I wanted to push her beyond her limits, but I also wanted her to spend more time in the belt and have her desperate for my touch.

I was temporarily removing the chastity, but it was definitely not for her pleasure.

I grabbed the towel I picked up earlier, wiping her sex to clean it up. This caused some interrupted breaths from my sister, who was taking in any form of touch as pleasure. It was delicious to see her so ready for sex, to be my plaything, that any form of contact was helping her along that fantasy.

Once I finished with the towel, I grabbed a razor and shaving cream from the bathroom. It had been a week so a selection of pubic hairs had begun to grow, something that I wanted to keep shaven for my own pleasure. A selection of whimpers escaped my sister, first it was the odd, cool feeling of the foam being applied and then it was the sensation of the new razor blade gently gliding over her skin. I made sure it was brand new, and didn't want to accidentally cut my sister.

Taking my time was one thing I made sure of, I wanted to draw this out for as long as I could. I wanted my sister to wonder when I was going to finish with the necessary 'chores' and have my way with her. I wanted it to be agonising, I wanted it to be slow. I wanted her to be frustrated that I didn't touch her a single time before I replaced the belt, making her know that she has to endure the denial even longer before I finally gave her that release.

In a way, I was proud of myself. Before I met Emily was vanilla in every possible way, the fact that she struggled to go a week without an orgasm is something of an achievement. She gently twitched each time I 'accidentally' brushed against her exposed sex, purposefully making sure the time difference between each brush was inconsistent so she didn't expect it. It was harder not to laugh at her exposed and helpless state. I had tied her up before and I've teased her more times than I could count, but this was far more intense. She needed that orgasm, she would have traded anything in the world to feel that pleasure overcome her… and I was more than happy to deny her that.

I wiped her private area once more, taking off all the cream from her body and showing me her newly shaved form. Her body tensed even further and more violently this time, as I pushed the towel harder against her body.

"There… done," I said, standing up and admiring my work.

She was unable to answer me, that gag was far too tight into her mouth to give off anything other than a muffled grunt. Instead, she wiggled her legs back and forth, trying to bring my attention once more to her needs.

I actually licked my lips. Seeing her in that situation was such a turn on, she had no power and was desperate to feel something more down there before we heard the click of the key once more. I just stood there, imagining what I could say to her and how I could say it, to let her know that she wasn't going to receive her orgasm today and another seven days of denial awaited her before she had the chance to potentially come again.

I also wanted to tell her another rule I thought of. That she was to be blindfolded and tied each time the chastity belt was going to be released. Denying her orgasms was such a delicious idea and the thought of her being unable to touch or even see her sex for as long as she was locked was even more tasteful. I wanted complete and utter control over any form of pleasure she received.

She wanted a dominant Samantha, then that is the one she got.

A mixture of whimpering and confusion emanated from my sister as I brought the pieces of the belt together. First, it was the plate that covered her sex, removing any possibility of being able to touch that part of her body. At this point her hands began to thrash and pull at the restraints that connected her arms to the bed, even her legs jumped up and down, unable to free themselves from their bonds. This continued as I brought the two bands together, the two pieces of metal that hung over her hips and prevented the belt from being moved at all. I placed them together over the plate and returned the padlock to its original position.

My sister continued to whimper, pull and plead through the gag, desperate for the pleasure she was expecting. She only stopped when the click of the lock echoed through the room, something that sounded much louder than it should have been. She stopped moving her arms and legs, realising that she was restrained once more, but the groaning behind the gag continued, a final, desperate yelp that fell on deaf ears.

I relished the moment. Seeing her so helpless was making me regret locking her back up. I wanted her more than ever in that moment, her body bound to the bed with her sex safely locked away, her features hidden behind a gag and a large blindfold. It was nearly too much to walk away from.

I climbed on top of her and placed my lips over her gag, kissing the plastic ball lightly as if I were kissing her for real. This led to another moan escaping her, wishing so much that we were touching.

"Ready for a long day?" I asked, my voice as quiet as it could have been.

---

The day had gone by like normal. In fact it was far more normal than I was used to. Emily, Tanya and I worked throughout the morning, stocking shelves, dealing with customers who walked in and generally chatting about everyday life. It was only the odd, desperate look I was getting from my sister that reminded me of the current situation. Even the recent realisation that my mother was one of the makers of my suit had travelled to the back of my mind.

I took in Emily's form each time I could. A light, blue t-shirt covered her torso whilst a beautiful, white shirt hid her metal underwear, bouncing with each step but not jumping high enough to show the world what she was wearing underneath. The usual denim shorts covered the top of my legs and I decided to wear a crop top. Something much different than I was used to, but I was feeling much sexier today due to the scenario this morning.

I even caught Emily glancing at my exposed stomach, her mind exploring the potential options she had if she had control over the situation. The fact she was biting her lower lip revealed to me that her brain was going along with the fantasy, mentally touching my body with either her lips or her hands and releasing her sexual frustration through imagination; rather than real life.

I couldn't help but chuckle. Each time our eyes locked together, she instantly turned away and continued on with the job at hand, acting as if her mind wasn't going over my body inch by inch. She was in the middle of setting up a display. A human-sized mannequin sat in the corner of the room, its creamy, hard outer shell now covered with a latex suit, something similar to the one I had ages ago; the one Emily accidentally destroyed. It was a strange sight. We had stocked similar latex items before and even some far sexier outfits than the one that hung on the dummy, but they had always been strategically placed around the store, only viewable from customers who went out of their way to view them. This was the first time we had a latex suit on show, anyone who walked through the front door would immediately see the black, shiny material.

"Almost done, Em?" Tanya asked, writing on a clipboard as she came onto the shop floor.

The store owner had been busy. With a recent supply from the new company she was with, she was eager to have all the new products visible to any customers who came in. It seemed that the man we met at the convention was keeping our boss busy, not that Tanya ever complained about the workload.

"Yeah, I'm done here." My sister stood up and placed her hands out, as if presenting the mannequin like some sort of prize.

"Good job."

The store owner looked at the suit, her eyes travelling up and down along the slim figure in front of her. A large sigh left her lips before she continued writing down on the clipboard.

I tried to figure out if there was anything wrong with the presentation of the suit, "Is everything okay?"

"Yeah… yeah. It's great, Em," Tanya turned and walked behind the counter.

"It doesn't seem like it. What's the matter? You don't seem too happy with it. Also, I noticed you keep looking around the back, what's down there?"

"In the warehouse? Nothing."

"Tanya…"

"Everything is okay, Sam. It's just something stupid on my brain."

I finally took the clipboard out from her hands, placing it behind me and out of view from the store owner. "You've told me nothing is stupid, every thought means something. Now, tell us what's up?"

At this point Emily had walked over to us, joining the conversation as she placed both elbows on the glass cabinet beneath her. Tanya took a quick moment to look between us before giving in to my simple demand.

"It's nothing. We've had those new suits shipped in this morning"

"Yeah?"

"They are all the same colour and they come in three sizes, small, medium and large"

"Yeah, what is wrong with that?"

She cleared her throat, "It's honestly not a problem, I don't know why it's affecting me so much. Their large size is absolutely tiny, there is hardly any difference between medium and large"

"Is there not?"

"No. I tried one on this morning, before you both got here. I couldn't even get my leg in. If that is a large size, then what would a person my size be?"

I looked at my boss. Yes, she was a larger woman, but I would never say she was big at all. She was curvy and definitely a few sizes bigger than Emily and I, but it never really clicked with me that I had never seen any outfits that were designed for larger women.

She continued, "I just wanted to try it once. You two look so cute in your little outfits, Becky too. I just wanted to see how it felt being in that situation for once, with the feeling of latex on my skin"

"Why don't you ask the company guy to send you a larger outfit?" Emily asked, looking up at Tanya.

"I've looked at their catalogues, they don't do anything my size at all. There isn't really much demand for bigger gals like me to be in those suits" She cleared her throat again, "Don't worry about it, girls. It's just my brain thinkin' overtime"

"I placed my hand on her shoulder, "Is that why you keep looking at the back? Sure, we don't have any suits that would fit you, but we do have Thea's vacbed back there still"

"The thought has crossed my mind, but I couldn't. Also, it requires someone to operate it on the outside"

I smiled widely as an idea came to mind, "We'll do it for you, no problem"

"What? No, I can't ask that of you"

"It's really no problem at all, right Em?" I glanced towards my sister who gave a very enthusiastic nod.

"Really girls, I can't ask you to do that"

"Well, it's time to close for lunch anyway," I said, pointing towards the clock, "We'll close up shop for an hour, give you a go on the bed and then you'll be back to work before you even realise what's happened. You'll also finally understand how it feels to be encased in latex"

"I can't, sorry girls"

She was so dismissive of every advance I had towards the scenario. I could tell something was fighting behind her eyes, there was a part of her that really wanted to feel the sensation of being locked within the latex walls, but a smarter, more professional part of her remained still.

"Why not?" I asked, "Don't you trust us?"

"It's not that, it's just-"

Emily interrupted, "Just what? We will be careful and safe"

"I know you are," Tanya became a little agitated, "It's just that… I can't go through with it, as much as I want to"

I stepped forward, "What's the matter?"

"It's just that… it's just that… I've never had anyone take control. I've always been that person. I've always had control over you two whenever you are in your pet forms, or any other form of bondage you guys wanted to try. Heck, even in my relationships I am in charge. I've never been the submissive one and I am not sure it is something I would want to try."

"Well, if you've never felt it before, how would you know?" I questioned the store owner.

I gave a quick nod towards Emily, who swiftly left the counter and walked towards the entrance to the shop, locking the door and turning around the sign to indicate the store was temporarily closed. Tanya noticed Emily's movements, at first I expected the bigger woman to yell at us to re-open the door, or continue to fight the plan we were slowly putting into place, but she didn't. She remained silent, but went deep in thought.

"Tanya?" I questioned the woman again.

She suddenly came alive and turned to me, "If we are doing this, you have to follow some of my rules"

"Yeah, of course"

"If I make any worried noises, you let me out as quick as possible." She pulled on her fingers as she went over each rule. "Do not let me stay in there for longer than thirty minutes. I get out, we re-open the shop"

"That's understandable"

"Three. No touching"

"No, I won't accept that rule"

"What?"

"If you are going in there, I will be touching you. It will be a gentle nudge here and there, maybe a few swipes, but it will make the experience all the more intense for you. I've tried it before and you''ll love it"

She shook her head, "Fine. I'll skip that rule. If any customers knock on the door and want to come in, let them. I will not lose any business over this. If you do let anyone in, then let me out immediately afterwards, understand?"

I nodded, "Yes. Yes, I do"

"My fourth rule… is… is, umm…"

"What's that?"

"I don't think I have any more, actually"

"So, let you out if you sound worried, no going over half an hour and let you out if any customers want to come in?" I went over the rules, placing my fingers on top of mine in a copying manner.

"Yes. Just take care of me"

"Of course I will. Emily and I will make sure you enjoy every second. Now, lets get you naked"

---

"No." The store owner stood her ground.

I pleaded in return, "Please. You'll enjoy it more?"

"No"

"Please?"

"No, Sam. My underwear will stay on"

We had managed to make it to the warehouse before any fighting started. Now that Tanya was standing in front of the machine, it was clear her nerves were getting the better of her. The vacbed was still in the same position it was in when I was locked inside, it hadn't moved an inch or been taken apart despite the numerous times Thea had been to the store.

Emily and I watched in anticipation as the larger woman began taking off her clothes, a sight we had rarely seen before. Her shirt came off first and she placed it carefully on the ground, then she removed her high heeled shoes before taking off the leopard print leggings that hugged the bottom of her body. It wasn't long before she stood in front of us in her lacy, black underwear, but that was when she made the stand.

"We trust you when we are naked and vulnerable, you've never given us a reason not to"

"Samantha…"

"I can promise that you'll enjoy it much more naked"

She stared deeply into me, it was tough to stand against her, but I didn't want her to dip her toe into this world we lived in, I wanted her to jump head first into this experience. The moment she took her eyes off me, I knew I had won the battle. She placed her arm behind her back before she had the time to talk herself out of it. The bra flew open before she guided it to the floor, out came two giant breasts that bounced freely from every single movement the store owner made. Admittedly, it was the first time I had seen her bare chest before, as she had never stripped off her top half and it was only the persistence of my sister and I that allowed us to see the bottom half of her body that one time.

Her cheeks burned with an interesting shade of red, but she didn't stop or slow down. In a second swift move, she pulled her underwear down and brought her legs out of the fabric. That item of clothing was also placed on the ground with the rest of her clothes. She immediately turned around and faced the device, as if she was nervous about showing my sister and I her nudity. Emily slowly made her way to the machine, glancing over her shoulder the entire time at the smooth, ebony skinned woman as she opened up the latex device and allowed her to step into it.

"C'mon, let's get this over with," she commanded.

Despite always being the one in charge, it seemed that being naked had nullified the power she had before. However, I could not take my eyes away from her body. It was the exact same one that I had seen hundreds of times before clothed and the clothes she did wear did nothing to hide her curves, but it was a completely different sight without those layers protecting her. Her breasts were the main point my eyes kept coming back to, despite her eyes and her age, it seemed that her chest somehow defied gravity, standing high up whilst looking soft, delcious and inviting. Her butt was the second point of interest, sitting at the bottom of her arched back and somehow the widest part of her body. I could see the muscles in that area tensing and relaxing periodically as she came to terms with the situation she found herself in.

For some reason, I also struggled to take my eyes from her stomach. Easily, it was the part of the store owner that she disliked the most, with a roll of fat overlaying the area just above her sex, as if it highlighted her freshly shaved vagina and invited me to play with it.

The woman momentarily took control over the situation. Taking the lead during the time Emily and I were speechless and taking in the full form of her sexual body. She stepped onto the small platform that once held me and turned around. Emily guided the breathing tube towards her mouth and made sure it was fully in place before closing the latex around the older woman.

My sister moved towards the vacuum that was connected to the piping of the device and I moved towards the valve, getting ready to seal the suit the moment all of the air was sucked out from around our boss. It was a surreal moment, to be the ones finally in control of the situation after over a year of being the ones controlled by Tanya. It wasn't a feeling I could ever get used to as we both looked up to her and always saw her as the one in charge.

Emily gave me no time to get used to the scenario, turning on the vacuum seconds after she got to the machine. We stared at the sight in front of us in awe, watching the two layers of latex meet together in a tight embrace and cover the curvy figure of the woman inside. It took seconds for all the air to leave, at first revealing the massive breasts we couldn't take our eyes off, along with a set of erect nipples that poked through the material. Then the rest of her body followed, showing us the stomach and butt in extreme detail despite the latex covering her body, then her head and legs appeared at exactly the same time.

The poor shop owner even placed her hands forwards slightly, removing them from her sides and looking as if she was pushing against the material as it overwhelmed her. The vacbed made short work of her movements, sealing hands in place and forcing them to stay in that same position until we decided to let her out. I spun the valve once I noticed no more air was being taken out, sealing the woman in a tomb of her own fantasies. When I could no longer turn the valve, Emily turned off the vacuum and brought silence back to the warehouse.

My sister and I stood next to each other, unsure of what it was we managed to do. Somehow, we had placed our boss into bondage, the woman who had never been locked in latex before, the woman who was always in charge, our owner whenever we were pets. The sight of her rigid body behind the sexual material was an odd one, nothing remained of the woman we knew apart from her outline, the only ability to communicate with her through the breathing hole that was already through her mouth, meaning she was unable to talk to us properly.

I took a few steps forward, "Tanya?" I asked, "Are you okay?"

I could see her body trembling lightly, however the latex and vacuum did the best job at keeping her in place.

"Ah, huh." Her voice echoed through the tube, telling us she was in good spirits.

"Wow, I didn't realise it was that fast working. It seemed so slow when I was the one in there"

I placed my hand forwards, pressing against the device where the top of her stomach would be, this caused an immediate jolt and groan from the blind woman. If I wasn't paying attention to her body language, then I wouldn't have seen it. Cocooned inside the latex, it easily stopped the majority of the movement, allowing both Emily and I to see a small twitch.

My hand kept its place on the woman's stomach, I wanted her to get used to the feeling, to get used to the small amount of pressure I was placing on her. If I removed my body from hers, then I would have to touch her one more time, which would have resulted in another jump and might have made the trapped woman uneasy. She was already on edge from having her two submissives in complete control over her.

"How does it feel?" I placed my mouth close to her ear so she could hear me, "The feeling of the latex on your bare skin? It feels amazing, doesn't it? I know it personally"

"Mmmph, hmmph." Her voice travelled through the tube once again, agreeing with my statement.

"It's tight, but freeing. You are lost within its walls, yet your mind wanders and takes you to different places. You are locked behind the latex, but you are the most free you've ever been"

My voice turned into a whisper, unintentionally adding a sexual tone to the situation. Tanya didn't answer me, but the sound of her moaning came through the pipe. It was soft and subtle at first, but became harder and louder with each second that went past. That was when I realised my hand was no longer on her stomach, it had travelled upwards and began to explore her large breasts. As I looked down, my hand was cupping the bottom of it as my thumb lightly traced across her exposed nipple, causing it to expand and push against its shiny, black prison.

"Smmmph." Her tortured voice shot out, a mumble that had a hint of urgency to it, "Smmmph, sthhp"

"What was that?" I asked.

"I… I think she asked you to stop." Emily butted in, taking my attention away from my subject.

I glanced towards my sister who was standing in the entrance to the room, she hadn't moved since activating the vacuum, allowing me to play with my new toy as she watched from the sidelines. I couldn't tell if that was what she wanted, to be a voyeur to this scenario, or she was reluctant to join in with us.

I turned back towards the larger woman, "Is that what you really want? For me to stop?"

She went silent. It was the only ability the woman had left, the power of speech, yet she wasn't responding to me straight away. This caused a long, knowing grin to travel across my head, knowing that Tanya was now unsure on what she wanted, the rules she had set before had slowly become erased to us.

"I can stop right now," I continued, "Or we can have a little more fun?"

I brought my head down towards her other breast, placing the exposed nipple into my mouth as if we had little time to play. I gently bit down on it, as light as I could before sucking the sensitive tissue into my mouth. A groan escaped the latex, gentle tremors travelled across the older woman's body, as if the woman wanted to fall from the feeling but the material and vacuum was keeping her in place. There was nowhere she could run.

I brought my mouth back out, an oval shape of saliva covered her growing nipple, wanting me to come back to it, "Am I allowed to continue?"

My words were like a delicious poison to the store owner. This had been a line we had dared not cross before, yet we were going as far as we could with it. I had complete control over her, I could give her the pleasure I wanted, and I could torture her in any way I wanted to. It was a scenario that would likely never happen again, but I wanted to enjoy it whilst it lasted.

"Am I?" I repeated myself, "Say 'Uh-huh' for yes, and 'Nah-uh' for no."

Silence re-entered the room. Emily came in closer from beyond the entrance, as if she was just as invested in this as we were. I allowed the woman the ability to think, returning to just gently teasing her breasts with my thumbs, a reminder of what she could have if she said yes.

"Uh… huh," the store owner answered.

I smiled, "Good"

I turned towards my sister, nodding towards the bound woman to invite her to get a piece of the action. Emily steadily left the wall and cautiously took a few steps towards the device. I could see her hands shaking slightly, worried that we both had control of a situation that was entirely unique.

"You get the left breast, I get the right?" I asked as I guided her hands to their goal.

She nodded slowly and lightly, both of her thin hands grabbed her breast and moved her mouth over to her nipple. I made sure to time it so both my sister and I placed our lips on their respective areas at the same time. The familiar taste of the latex filled me as I sucked as hard as I could, as if I were trying to pull the nipple through the layer, Tanya threw her body back… well, as much as she could whilst trapped in the device and let out a painful mouth through the hole.

Emily and I did not let up, wrapping our tongues around her points whilst sucking at the area periodically. A selection of grunts and moans travelled through the breathing tube as her body twitched within its prison.

It wasn't difficult to imagine the sensation the store owner was feeling, I was in the same situation recently. Being trapped in darkness with several of your senses completely gone or muted, your body barely able to move a centimeter in any direction and forced to endure the pain and pleasure given to you by the person in control of your body. It was a chaotic feeling, with so much taken away from you, but what you get felt so extreme, so over-the-top, you feel like you are going mad.

I quickly brought out my phone and looked at the screen. Only five minutes had passed since we sealed the woman inside her tomb and already she was struggling and pushing against her restraints. The poor woman still had five times that amount of time to endure before we would decide to let her out. I honestly didn't think she would be able to take another five minutes, let alone longer.

Finally, I took my mouth away from her, allowing Emily to continue at her own pace as I brought my right hand back to her chest. Gently, I returned to the action of running my thumb over her now engorged area, feeling it move around my digit. Instead of continuing with the same motion, I instead brought my head next to Tanya's and whispered quietly in her ear. She was trembling lightly, stuck in a world of her own fantasy as she was forced to endure our touches. I continued whispering, hoping she was able to hear what I said behind the tight material.

Luckily, she did. I felt her body shake harder than ever before. The precise words I decided to say worked well in causing the woman more anxiety, but forcing her to become eager to know what to expect next. My left hand came up, as my right continued to tease her breast.

I started with my thumb and index finger lightly tracing the bottom of her neck, coming together at the bottom before moving down the middle of her chest. I continued whispering, asking the defenseless woman to make any noise to stop my movements, but she remained completely silent. My fingers barely grazed between her breasts, moving past my sister; who was eagerly sucking at her nipple like before. It travelled further and further down, tracing the front of her stomach, passing her belly button and then to the area where her sex would have been.

My fingers barely touched her body from outside the latex, my index and middle finger travelled up and down exactly where her clit would have been. I could feel her tremble become worse as she felt the slight touches to her sex, wishing I would go further. I could feel the heat, even outside of the texture.

"Do… Do you want me to go further?" I whispered again, rhythmically moving it up and down.

Heavy breathing came out of the tube, followed by, "Uh-huh"

I giggled lightly, "Good girl"

---

"Hmmm… I don't know," I said, placing my hands down my body until it reached the short, flowing dress that was connected to me.

It was one of the first choices Jane picked out. It was beautiful to a typical standard, something that would suit Emily completely, yet it wasn't something that seemed to fit my form, my attitude. The shoulders were a light lace, showing the entirety of the chest until it came to the breasts, which went into a much thicker material and only changed once it met the skirt, allowing for a more floaty feel. It was a girly dress, something that was nearly the exact opposite of me.

"Let's take a look at you," Jane's voice echoed from outside the changing room, "I want to see what you look like"

I took a glance into the mirror, taking in the unenthusiastic look that I naturally gave off since wearing this dress, the contrast between my black hair and the girly pink outfit was a clash, to me it didn't look like a good match at all, but in the end it was Jane's decision. I took a quick sigh before turning around and opening up the curtain.

Her face lit up the moment she saw me, her hands cupped her cheeks as she looked me up and down, starting at the similar coloured shoes that came with the dress, up past my bare legs and then the rest of the outfit, before meeting my eyes.

"Oh… Sam. You look like an angel." Her voice was so soft as she said this.

I stuttered, "Uh… thanks"

My cheeks went a little red. I knew Jane had a similar mind to Emily, so anything that was pink and colourful was beautiful in her eyes, but that compliment hit me harder than I thought. At a time I felt ugly and not right for the outfit, that compliment made me feel good about myself.

"Please let me take a picture for your father, he's going to love seeing you in that"

Without asking, she immediately began looking through her purse, bringing out a smartphone before clumsily going through the apps, trying to find the one that opened her camera. I could have said no, I could have placed the curtain between us once more and removed the dress before anyone else had the chance to see me in that way, but I knew it was no use. Jane would have stopped at nothing to get that picture of me wearing the pink dress, even if I said no, she would have convinced me otherwise.

So, I posed and smiled for the camera. Allowing a moment for the flash to light up the room before returning to my normal position.

"You look amazing," she said, looking down at the screen.

"Ta-da!" Emily yelled, pulling her own curtain open and allowing us to see the dress she was wearing.

It was identical to the one that was on me, the same type, the same pacing and the exact same colour. Both of our parents thought it would have been cute if we were wearing the same dress for their wedding, something that commented on how close we were, how sisterly we had become despite not being biologically related. It was a statement to say that we were all one big happy family.

"That's beautiful, Emily," Jane commented in a sweet tone.

She instantly turned her camera to her daughter and took the picture. She didn't ask for permission, just taking the shot as soon as she saw Emily in that dress. My partner didn't need the notification and posed for the camera as if it was expected that it was going to happen. The room lit up once more before Jane placed the camera down.

The older woman finally placed her phone in her bag, "Do you both like the dresses? Please say you do?"

"Yeah, they are amazing!" Emily chirped.

"Yeah, yeah… I'm happy with them," I lied.

I wasn't comfortable with the pink look, but staring at the mother-daughter duo easily melted my heart. Their happiness with the outfits overall was enough for me to change my mind. I could bear having this dress on for one day, if it makes other people happy.

"Great!" Jane said, her tone not able to hide her excitement, "Take them off and lets go get something to eat"

"Thank you!" Emily smiled.

I was about to respond, but something happened that gave me a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach. Emily spun to the right and held her dress tight against her body. To a normal person, this would look like she was just admiring the outfit, the material that hung loose around her legs and feeling the sensation of the fabric against her bare legs, but this wasn't an ordinary family. Jane was staring right at Emily as it happened, there was no denying she didn't see it. As Emily held the dress tight to her body, the outline of the chastity belt could be seen through the material, the structure of the item was entirely on show and the fabric did nothing to hide the details, the padlock and the plate nearly entirely on show to her audience of two, outlined perfectly against the dress.

She simply spun around and skipped back into the safety of the dressing room, pulling the curtain back and hiding herself away from us as she returned herself to her normal clothing. There was no doubt Jane didn't see the metal belt, the way Emily stood and the way she pulled the dress down forced our eyes to that exact point of her body. Whether she did it on purpose or not was unclear, I doubted she would have wanted her mother to see the belt she wore permanently, but the smile she had on her face seemed more knowing than usual.

"Well…" I turned around towards my own dressing room, "I better get dressed too"

I could feel the heat on my face, the embarrassment and the implications of Emily's actions forced my pale skin to burn a deep red, it was obvious as soon as I entered the small room and the mirror reflected my current self, showing how deep of a red was hovering over my cheeks. I wished to myself that Jane somehow did not see what her daughter was wearing, and if she did I was hoping it was something she would forget about or not bring up again. Just a moment to be forgotten and not look further into.

My dreams were dashed as soon as I heard the curtain being pulled open again before being closed once more. Immediately, I could sense the lingering presence of someone taller than me and it only took a quick glance in the mirror to see the form of Jane staring down, a look of confusion and frustration painted onto her face.

"Jane?…" I mumbled, slightly terrified of the woman's intentions.

"Do I even want to ask what I just saw?" She had her arms folded and her tone was one of scorn. I felt as if Jane was a disappointed mother who was about to scold her child.

I stumbled on my words, "I don't think it was anything, perhaps just the way Emily's underwear rubbed against the dress? Maybe?"

"Samantha. I am not that vanilla. I know exactly what my daughter was wearing and you do too, so lets stop with the lies and come to a conclusion on this"

"Jane… I don't know what you are talking ab-"

"Emily is wearing a chastity belt. You don't have to be into the things you are into to know that. Chastity belts have been around for centuries"

"I… uh… I…"

"As we've established that is what my daughter was wearing, perhaps you can tell me why?"

"Jane… I…"

"I know you and Emily are into some… interesting stuff. I am still trying to take that memory of walking in on you two away, but it's clear that it's more than just a normal relationship"

"It is a normal relationship, I swear"

"She also wears a slave collar. I had to look that one up, I knew it wasn't just a necklace. I've also seen you wearing it from time to time, which I guess means you two switch roles. I've also been to the sex shop you work at and seen the same products on the shelf, so it's easy to determine that is where you are getting all these items"

"Okay… you got me"

"It doesn't take a genius to work it out. Can you tell me why my daughter is wearing a chastity belt?"

She took a step closer, looking down at me with her piercing eyes.

"It's just fun things me and Emily like to do, you don't have to know everything about it"

She tutted, "Samantha. I told you that I'm not exactly vanilla either. So tell me why my daughter is wearing that and I won't tell you what your father and I got up to last night"

"Last night?"

"Yeah. When you and Emily were at the shop. Me and your Dad were home alone…"

"Don't worry about what Emily is wearing"

"I will. So, me and your Dad-"

"It's nothing, honestly"

"-we were up for something new. So I snuck into your bedroom and found that unopened nurse outfit Emily has, you know the shiny latex one?"

My mouth flew open, "You went into our bedroom?"

"Yeah. I found that and thought that your father could be my patient. So I tied him to the bed-"

"Oh my god!" I threw my hands over my ears, "I'm not listening to this!"

Jane immediately pulled my hands away and continued, "He was completely naked and I was wearing nothing but that nurse outfit. I had to take his temperature…"

"Oh god!" I jumped, "No, no, no! Okay, I'll tell you, just please stop!"

A huge smile travelled across her face as she leaned backwards with her arms crossed, relishing in the victory she had over me. I really didn't want to tell her what was going on between me and her daughter, but I liked that scenario more than listening to whatever our parents got up to the night prior.

I groaned, "Eww, you took Emily's nurse outfit?"

"I'll give it a good wash before I give it back to you, I promise"

"It's okay, please keep it. I'll let Emily know that it's gone"

Her grin widened, "That's good, because your dad really liked it. I’ve never seen him so worked up before, like he was desperate to touch me but couldn't because of the restraints. Not to mention that he was as hard as-"

"For the love of god, stop!" My voice cracked as I was about to return my hands to my ears.

"That's it. I promise… Now, you were going to say, about Emily?"

My shoulders fell as I gave in. I couldn't hear anymore about what she and my father got up to in the bedroom. I hadn't eaten all day, yet I was feeling the urge to be sick.

"She likes it. She loves the feeling of not being able to… y'know" I pointed downwards, towards my private area, "It was her idea first"

"But who purchased the belt?"

"I… it was… me, I bought it first and then…"

"Samantha. I don't care who purchased it, I just don't want my daughter wearing one. I have had to put up with a lot since you two got together and I am more than happy to, as Emily is very happy. Now, I am okay with the collar, I am okay with you two wearing those 'cat' outfits and I am happy that you are working in a sex shop and that Emily helps out there sometimes. I am not happy with the belt though, and I am requesting that you remove it from her right now."

"I…" I couldn't bring out a full sentence. It was hard to fight her, but I didn't want to lose the control I had over Emily. It was delicious, it added a whole new level to our relationship. Slowly, after clearing my throat and calming my body down, I managed to speak "No… I won't do that"

"That wasn't a request." She somehow grew with the commanding tone.

"I don't care if it's a request or not. Emily is no longer a young girl, she is a woman in a committed relationship and she is committed to me"

She stepped forwards, "Let me be clear on this, Samantha. I seriously don't want Emily to be wearing that thing on the day that I'm getting married. However, if you continue with that tone, I will make sure at least one of you is wearing that belt until I am walking up the aisle… and I favour Emily's chances. So, what is it going to be?"

I crossed my arms too, "Jane. I know you are worried about her, but I will never put Emily in any danger"

"I'm giving you to the count of five. One…"

"You're being unreasonable"

"Two… three"

"Jane!"

"Four… five!…"

I grunted, "Fine! Fine! Take the stupid key then!"

I pulled against the metal item on my neck. The key dangled lightly from a silver necklace that I had found, in anger I grabbed the thin key in both my index and middle finger and pulled down as hard as I could, breaking the link that connected the necklace together before dropping it into Jane's expecting hand.

She won.

I grunted again and turned around towards the mirror. Emily's mother thanked me in an emotionless tone and then left the small room, pulling the curtain across to allow me the privacy to return myself to my normal clothes. I stomped my foot on the ground, staring into the reflection of my own eyes. I could see the frustration and anger coming in from behind my pupils as several words and sentences came into my mind that I had wished I said to Emily's mother. I was angry and wanted to take my frustration out on something, but I knew that would only get me into more trouble.

My hands ran through my short, dark hair, trying my hardest to let go of the strangling feeling in the pit of my stomach. As much as I enjoyed Emily wearing that cage, it was a control over her that I had to let go. I didn't want to incur the wrath of Jane again, and I really didn't want to hear anything else her and my father got up to.

I sighed, "I guess we are going to have to throw out that nurse outfit… or at least let them keep it"

A shudder ran up my spine, knowing what little information about what our parents got up to was more than enough and I really didn't want to hear anything more. The sound of the curtain opening on the other side of the room indicated that Jane had walked into Emily's changing room, holding the key to her freedom. I imagined Emily having the widest smile as she realised her mother came to her help, taking away the power of the bad sister and allowing her the ability to feel herself down there… and receive pleasure as much as she wanted.

I know this was not what Jane had in mind. It was just the overall belt she was concerned with, the safety of her daughter and the hygiene issues of not having access to her sex without my authority. I wanted her to know that I took good care of everything, that I make sure she is clean and cared for, but this would not have been enough to calm the older woman down. She wanted her daughter out of the belt completely and there was nothing that would have stopped her from doing so.

My breath escaped from the back of my teeth, I breathed out one last time to expel any anger I still had in my body. I had lost and I just had to accept that. I pulled the dress off from her shoulders before letting the pink material fall to the floor, escaping my slim body. The moment that happened, I took a step away from the item of clothing before picking it up again and placing it on the clothes hanger. It was a nice dress… it just wasn't me.

I walked over towards my normal clothes, which were all placed into a bundle on the shelf in front of the mirror. This placement allowed me to take in my nearly naked form. My chest was completely bare as the dress showed off a bra strap far too easily and only my underwear and the socks on my feet were held onto my body.

For a moment, I was curious as to how Jane gave the key back to my sister. Did she just pass the key through the curtain? I had only heard the curtain open and close once since Jane left my company. So did she just pass the key? Or was she in the changing room with her? If she was, that was an amusing idea as Emily had no underwear to protect her shame, the belt itself was enough and I got a kick out of seeing her in that state.

If Jane was late enough, she might have spotted the belt against her naked form. The dress would have been by her feet like mine was earlier and there would have been nothing to protect Emily from her mother's gaze. That idea did cause a smile to stretch across my face, thinking of Emily in that vulnerable and compromised position, but the lack of sound was making me doubt that scenario, Emily would have easily screamed or squeaked at the presence of her mother.

An unintentional gasp left my body as my own curtain was pulled open, I instantly turned around and crossed my arms over my exposed breasts and crouched down to avoid my underwear being seen by the intruding person. It was Jane once more. The scenario in my head did not happen to my sister, but it was happening to me.

"Jane!" I screeched, "What are you doing?! I'm getting dressed"

"I've come to return this," she said, her voice relatively monotone.

My eyes widened as I caught the glimpse of metal in her right hand. It was the chastity belt, shining brightly in the unnatural light of the room, looking much thinner and smaller when it wasn't attached to my sister's body. For a moment, I was glad there were no other people around the changing area. The last thing I would want is for people outside our relationship seeing my step-mother walking around with a chastity belt in her hands.

"That was quick! Why are you bringing it to me? I have no place to put it"

"You know where it is going"

"I don't. Can't this wait for later? I'm naked here"

I pulled my arms together tighter, trying my hardest not to slack and show the older woman any of my nakedness. She pulled the curtain across, hiding us away from the world outside the changing room, but I was still vulnerable and nervous in front of the woman.

"Don't waste any time," she continued, pushing the belt towards me, "Put this on"

"Put it on?! I'm not wearing that thing!"

"Yes, you are. I said either you or Emily were going to wear it and it wasn't going to be my daughter"

"But… but you were counting to five, I gave it back to you before you got to five!"

"No you didn't, you gave it back to me after I said five"

"But I gave it back!" I repeated.

"After I counted, so you still get punished. Plus, you had an awful attitude in doing so"

"But…"

"No more buts. I will hold onto the key for now. Put this thing on"

I put my foot down, "No. I am not wearing it!"

She somehow came in even closer, the fact that I had to physically look up to Jane was daunting enough, but as I stepped forwards I felt smaller and smaller, which made it very tough to assert my dominance over the situation. My mind was racing, this was far too absurd to even comprehend. My step-mother was standing before me, threatening to lock my sex away in the same belt I had purchased for Emily, just because I was placing her in the same situation I was in months before.

I've already served my time in a chastity belt. It was for longer and was made of a much thicker metal. Emily had it much easier than I did, but I dreaded what would happen if I had told Jane that wearing these belts was initially her daughter's idea.

"So, is that still a no? Are you still going to put up a fight?" Jane asked, her tone turned into malice.

I nodded, "There is no way in hell you are going to make me wear that"

---

\*CLICK\*

I felt defeated. The simple click of the lock was enough to tell me that I had lost the situation. Emily was completely free from the hold of the belt and it had been placed on me by force. That and the burning sensation of a spanked butt was enough for me to surrender to the iron will her mother had. It wasn't painful at all, but the sensation was there. It was more the humiliation of having Jane bend me over, take down my underwear and give me one firm spank against my buttcheek. It told me that she was in control, that she had the ability to do that as often as she wished and she was more than happy to place me in similar humiliating scenarios in the future.

The only fortunate part of this was Jane was kind enough to give me the space to lock myself in. She walked out and closed the curtain, leaving me alone in the small room. I doubted she wanted to see any more of my naked form anyways.

Despite her leaving, she was still fully in charge. She was standing just outside and would not leave without knowing I was locked in. The padlock was open, but she had the only access to the key, meaning that I would be at her mercy until she was kind enough to give it back to me. In a way, I admired the simplistic, yet mute design of the belt. Just like with Emily before, the rolled metal hung tightly against my hips, digging into my soft skin lightly enough to hold the device in place, but not tight enough to cause any chafing or marks.

It felt so different to the belt I had become used to. That one was heavy and thick, it made you constantly aware of its existence and the fact that you had no access to your sex without the key. This one was much lighter, still had some weight to it but I felt that I could forget I was even wearing it. In fact, staring right into my reflection's eyes, I could swear I was wearing a strange kind of underwear; rather than some form of bondage.

However, it became all too real when my finger began to explore that area. My index finger pressed up against what should be the clitoris, sending some pleasure towards my brain; only to be met with the cold metal. My hands immediately travelled upwards, gripping the belt around my hips, hoping to move it in any direction and feel something move… but it never did. The belt was clinging onto my body with all the strength it could muster, only letting go of my form when I received the key once more.

I was locked in chastity… by Jane.

It was an odd feeling. I had been placed in bondage by Emily and Tanya before, even Becky had seen me in restraints before, but they were in my inner circle. I wouldn't think twice about being naked in front of them, or allowing them to take part in forms of submission and domination with them involved. Jane was different, she wasn't part of our little group, she was an outsider to our sex games. Yet, she was the one in control of the strictest form of bondage on me.

"Is it on yet?" she asked, pulling back the curtain once more.

I still jumped despite knowing she was just on the other side of the curtain. It felt so odd seeing her stare down at the steel that held itself against me, it was like she was looking through into an aspect of our lives that was far more personal than anything we've ever done before. Her tongue clicked against the roof of her mouth, she took a further step in and gingerly pressed her fingers against the metal material of the belt, allowing her to feel how tight the band was on me. Her stepping forwards revealed Emily was standing behind her, looking as meek as she always did in these types of scenarios. Sadly, it was becoming a little too often an adult conversation would happen between us and her mother and Emily always curled up into her shell.

Similar scenarios with Tanya were almost a complete opposite for her, she relished talking about our relationship with the store owner and even began opening up to Thea about what we got up to, despite our connection. It was only when her own mother saw behind the veil, that caused her to hide away from the events at hand; almost as if she was waiting to be scolded.

However, I was the only one being punished here. Jane was clear that she was taking the reins from now on, at least until the day of the wedding. I just had to endure the same punishment I had previously until then. Emily walked further into the room, taking in the full sight of her sister wearing the same object she was wearing just minutes before. It was as surreal for her as it was for me.

"Good… good," she nodded, "Thank you for being so co-operative with me"

I didn't say anything. I felt almost naked in front of her. The belt hid everything on my body, but the plate at the front was so thin that it felt as if I was just wearing a thong in front of my step mother. Taking a closer look, I could nearly see the lips of my sex, with only my clitoris being hidden by the metal. A sight that was sexy and cute on Emily, but hated on myself.

"Right. I'll leave you to it," Jane turned around, "Get dressed quickly, I'll meet you at the register"

Emily scooped up the pink dress on the floor and handed it to her mother. She swiftly left us alone with both of the dresses under her arm, something I was quite glad of as the room outside was slowly filling up with people. Voices echoed from behind the curtain, so I was glad she wasn't around to cause any unwanted attention our way, something I was glad of.

"I feel so naked," Emily giggled, twirling around on the spot.

This caused her skirt to fly upwards and almost reveal the sex I wanted to hide away. I then took my attention away from her to stare at the prisoned body I had.

"Well, think of it this way, Sam," she jumped forwards, "I'm still collared. So I'm locked up in a way, just like you are"

"I'm the one holding your key, though," I said back, "I have no idea where the key for this thing is"

"Mom's put it in her bra. She figured that was the last place you would try to get it"

I let out a sigh, "That's true"

"At least we can have fun tonight. I can feel what it's like to have an orgasm after a week"

"You shouldn't have moved your dress like that" I muttered, finally putting my crop top back on, "She saw the entire thing"

"I know. It was drastic, but I figured it would have worked"

I turned towards her, "You are making it sound you've done it on purpose"

She nodded with a large amount of enthusiasm, "I tried to make it look like an accident, did it work?"

"Wait, what?! You're telling me you did that on purpose"

"Yep!"

"Why? You knew your mother would see you"

"Yep"

"And you knew she would let you out"

"Yep. I am really horny, I can't help it"

I stuttered, "But… but…"

"I know it's going to be weird for a while… but I needed to get out of there. You've teased me so much"

"But…"

"Enough buts… it's now in the past" She leant forwards and gave me a quick kiss, "You're just going to have to put up with it for now. I'll meet you outside, don't be long"

"…But…"

She almost jumped out of the room, closing the curtain instantly behind her before anyone saw the state I was in. I was speechless, somehow Emily made this entire scenario happen, she knew her mother that well and what she would have done to get her daughter out of this belt. I was dumbfounded, there were no words to help me comprehend what just happened.

I leant down and pulled up my shorts, lifting them all the way to the top of my legs. I was eager to join the mother and daughter team again. I pulled and pulled at the shorts until they couldn't travel upwards anymore.

"Uh, oh," I numbly said.

It didn't matter how far up I pulled the shorts, they still sat below the top of the chastity belt. I then went to pull the shirt further down, but it was too tight and wouldn't go any further down than my belly button. No matter which article of clothing I tried to move, neither did anything to hide the item that was recently attached to me.

"Uh, oh," I repeated myself.

I jumped towards the curtain and poked my head through. The entire room was now much busier than it was before, several groups of people seemed to take over the rest of the changing rooms and some loitered in the waiting area.

"Emily!" I whispered loudly.

However, it was too late. I just caught a glimpse of my sister's bare leg as it passed the door towards the shop and showed no signs of coming back for me. I was alone, I was stuck in this humiliating situation with no way out of it. Running back to the mirror, I was once again greeted by the sight of me wearing my normal clothes, the metal bands of the belt revealing themselves easily on top of the items of clothing.

My brain went into overdrive, trying to figure out what to do, but there was no other way the belt would have been mistaken for anything else. I figured with the two metal bands going over my hips, people passing by might have assumed it was something like the strings of a thong, but the bands were far too thick for that and they met easily in the middle of my stomach.

It was a chastity belt. Anyone who saw it knew it was a chastity belt. Even if they were vanilla, it was clearly a chastity belt.

I breathed outwards, trying once again to bring my shorts upwards enough to cover the main plate, when that didn't work I tried to bring down my top once more and both attempts failed as it did previously.

"Damn it!" I yelled to myself.
