---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Handle With Care
authors:
- Phoebegetsit
tags:
- M/f
- tease
- insert
- toys
- sex
- climax
- caught
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2012-10-17 00:00:00
---

It happened quite subtly while they were making love. He was kissing her bottom and as he parted her cheeks, he flicked her little flower with his tongue. Mmm, she said. They finished as usual, her a sweaty mess and him rolling over to see the end of the game. The next day, she thought about the little caress, and the next time he was inside her, she said, "If you wash your hands, you can feel around in there a bit". He looked surprised, but jumped up and over to the sink. Sitting on him, she said, "OK, now put your finger in gently and feel yourself on the other side of the wall".

The effect on her Kegel muscles and his dick was was intense, and she slept through the night, without waking up involuntarily at 3 am to watch Leave It To Beaver in Spanish.

The next day he came home with a little secret in his pocket, and that night as they were going through the motions, he lubed it and slipped it into her anal cavity. "Ouch, what's that?" she said.

"It's a little steel butt plug with a jewel on the end, it makes you pretty". He felt the immediate effect and knew that it had been worth giving up his lunch hour to make the trip to the sex shop off the freeway in the seedy part of town.

'I could get used to this', she thought.

He handed her a small package on her birthday, which she tore open. Njoy, the box announced. "Ooh", she said, "and am I going to enjoy this?"

Opening it, she pulled out the gleaming steel plug and turned it over in her hand. "It's heavy", she said.

"That's the point", he said, "you can wear that all day and it's specially shaped to turn your tight little butt into an amusement park".

They went upstairs, and he produced an anal syringe and some lube and showed her how to prepare the way. "Does the little handle go up or down?" she asked.

"You have to try it both ways and see what works", was the reply.

"It hurts going in", she said, "I'll have to give it a chance and see how it goes".

So for the next week or two, she showered and put it in when she came home from work, at first for a few minutes, but as time went by she was wearing it through dinner, TV time and her new enthusiasm for penetration, and soon the little toy was joined by her almost forgotten Ben Wa balls, and the three, or was it four of them were going on little errands in the car, usually detouring over the rougher streets.

The little stretch as she pulled the plug in and out was becoming a lot more comfortable, but she had discovered that she could wear it dry, which made her smart a little more but eliminated the inevitable trickle of lube which left telltale stains on the back of her dresses and the seat of her pants. She decided to reward her lover, and made an appointment for an anal bleaching.

At Christmas he handed her another box. "That was the medium", he said, "but it's time to graduate".

"OK", she said, but the little stretch was too much and she inevitably ended up using the smaller plug. Then, shortly after the New Year, she broke a filling on a piece of candy. She called her dentist, who agreed to see her right away. 'This pain is awful', she thought, 'I'm going to put the large plug in and see if that distracts me'.

She lubed her ass, then the plug, and pushed hard to get it inside. She was relieved when her sphincter finally closed around it, and slipped a panty liner between her legs, to prevent leakage.

'Now I can't feel the tooth as much', she thought, as she got into the car and backed out of the garage.

The larger handle on this plug seemed to dig into her cheeks just a little more, but she decided it would be fine. Then as she sat in the chair, and the dentist's assistant was fussing with the instruments, she realized that the handle was causing her quite a lot of distress in a strange new way courtesy of the angle at which she was sitting. There was some relief when she finally reclined, but now the burning sensation around her butt was starting to make her really uncomfortable. She realized that she was going to be trapped in this position for about an hour.

Finally, the tooth was finished and she said to the assistant, "I have to pee so bad!" and jumped up and made a beeline for the bathroom.

She pulled her dress up and her panties down, and threw the lube soaked liner into the bin. She stood up a little and leaned forward, pulling at the handle, which was also wet with lube. She pulled at it and grimaced as her rectum protested, but it was definitely on its way out and relief was in sight.

Suddenly, it came free with a plop, and she lost her grip on the slimy metal and the plug tumbled out of her hand and hit the inside of the toilet bowl with a loud crack before falling into the water. Her shoes were wet. A little curved piece of the toilet bowl was lying on the floor, and a small flood was coming out of the hole, running under the door and out into the passageway . . .

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=372.0)
