---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/in_the_closet.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: In the Closet
authors:
- Selfhelp
tags:
- Sbm
- enema
- cupboard
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2002-11-04 00:00:00
---

A dark closet with absolutely no light under the door is a good
substitute for a hood. Until the moment of truth a flashlight will
do. The closet is upstairs in a room without windows.
It is a small one and when just into it I can reach the door handle from
behind and the shelf is chin high, a tight fit even when not tied.
Preparing it I screw in four metal eyelets, two underneath the shelf towards
the back, and the other two on the inside of the door frame about four
inches high. All my equipment is laid out except for ice cubes.
The penis dildo I attach with tape to a flat box, so that the back of the
box is against the wall, and can't move.

Equally important is the mental preparation. First order
of business is a quart and half enema, imagining that my dom is administering
it, playing with my nipples and cock. As the water fills me his hand
is slowly teasing my cock and bringing it to full staff. I lay there
reveling in the feeling, even placing some lubricant on my hand in order
to bring myself up and up, closer to orgasm, several times, but backing
off. Breathing heavy now, I rise to expel the enema.
It's raining outside now, and when finished, I remember I have never ever
gotten around to walking nude in the rain. Now is the time, so out
the back door, down the steps, and I walk down through my secluded large
back yard to the creek, feeling the soft, cool summer rain on my skin,
imagining while I hold my hands behind me, tied and being lead by my Master
through the woods.

Back in the house, out comes the razor, and while I shower I shave
my genitals. Hmmm. What a delicious feeling! Done that
many times before, but every time I marvel how smooth the balls are and
how they feel. I think of when in about an hour the weights will
be attached! (shudder).

Fully clean now, inside and out, I am ready. Upstairs
I put on my collar, wrist and ankle cuffs, locking the wrist cuffs
on with small locks. Next I put on a leather strap around my balls.
Now a leather boot lace is threaded from down under the strap and the end
brought over my balls and again inserted in the strap 180 degrees opposite
the first thread. This way I can pull each end of the strap tight
and as a result the area between my balls is compressed and makes them
stick out separated in their own separate sacs. Tight, too.
The ends of the leather lace are tied together preparatory to attach the
weights.

A long chain makes an excellent girdle, circling my waist and allowing
the loose end to be pulled through my crotch, locked to the backside of
the girdle, then passing again through my crotch up on the other side and
locked to the front. Not too tight, but tight enough to hold in the
little butt plug which I then insert. It's the T shaped plug turned
just upwards at the right place for pressure on the prostate. Hmmm.
Feels so good. Another check of equipment being in the right place.
Yes.

To the kitchen for the ice cubes. A glass of them will keep
the two I want cold until the moment of truth, and provide the right sizes.
Another check. Always checking. Yes, all the keys are on the
floor just to the left of the closet. I won't be able to get to them
until I can open the door and bend down and fall backwards on the floor.
And that won't happen until the ice stocking securing my neck collar melts.

It's about 11:15 now. I'm already sweating, the air conditioner
is off, and I am upstairs of course where heat rises. Nervous maybe
too. But now. it's SHOW TIME!

I bend down and attach the double ended snaps to the eyelets and
ankle cuffs. Legs are spread now. Good. Next comes the
2 pound weight attached about six inches below my balls and swinging ever
so deliciously, tugging and reminding me of the tension building within
me now. Deep breath. Okay...

Next I set up the ice cubes in the
stockings through the eyelets. Attached to the one which will secure
my nipple clamps is a rather heavy lock, so that when this ice cube (smaller
than the other one) melts, the lock will drop and exert downward pressure
on my nipples; or it will yank the clamps off in one fell swoop.
Owww. But the clamps feel SO good now. Next I pull the other
ice stocking end to my collar while maneuvering my mouth around the penis
dildo - his penis. As I thread the ice stocking through the
loop on my collar and pull it tight, it pulls my head forward and forcing
my mouth to take in as much of his cock as I can. Tight fit.
Full feeling. Good feeling. Almost time. My legs are
spread and secured at ankles; the ball weight is in place and
pulling downwards; tit clamps applied and secured by ice stocking
which when it melts will drop the lock, I know not when, but before the
collar stocking since that cube is larger. Sweating now. I
lock my left wrist behind me to the chain. Now I place the shank
of the master lock in the D ring of my right wrist cuff and reach up and
turn off the flashlight.

Darkness. Total darkness. Sweating profusely now.
One last mental check. Yes, everything accounted for and everything in
place. It's the proverbial moment of truth. Down goes
my right wrist now, behind me, assisting with left hand I find the correct
link and insert the shank into it. All that's left is to lock it.
Am I sure? Dumb question; of course I'm sure. Click!

I breathe deeply now and somehow with my mouth engulfed
with his penis, smile to myself. Heaven; pure heaven.
Maybe my Master has locked me in the closet for punishment (no ice stockings
in that case). Maybe he has locked me in the closet with ice stockings,
with instructions that when I'm free I can come to the bed and wake him
up gently with my mouth. Either way, I'm bound
for maybe an hour, since I've only used one cube. It's hard to stand
for two hours, and besides the closet is now getting warm. Gad, I'm
glad it's raining outside and the sun isn't beating down on the slanted
roof over the closet! It can get really hot down south in the summertime.
Oh, and good thing I did not place that hair dryer I saw downstairs in
the closet hanging free and on a timer.

I feel the tit clamps biting now. I moan but my throat is
filled and no words come out. Semi hard now, and with hands locked
behind me I can't reach it. The butt plug wiggles just a little when
I try, as I yank the chain tight between my buns. Wish I had a vibrating
plug. Next time. Also next time remember to tighten
the two belts around my chest for a more confining feeling.
Some of the ice cube has melted and I can move my head back and forth now,
sucking the cock in and out, moving my tongue over the tip.
This movement seems to transmit to my own cock and I'm getting harder now.
Whew!

Wow. Suddenly there is pain as the one ice cube melts and releases
my tit clamps which are pulled downwards by the heavy lock. AGGHH!
ouch ouch. But it doesn't yank off and I'll have to live with
the pain until released. How long? Can I make it?
It's HOT now, body all covered with sweat. I reach for the door handle
behind me to open it and cool off the closet. My hands are so slippery,
I can't turn it. Uh oh.

Time passes ever so slowly. Every now and then when I let
the cock slip out of my mouth to rest, I can hear his voice instructing
me to take his cock back and continue to suck ever so slowly. And
I do. And I love it.

Time passes, how long I have no idea.

Why haven't I realized it before? Seems that there's no
pulling pressure on my neck collar now. I scrunch down, trying to
bend my knees, and sure enough, the other ice stocking has melted.
A sense of relief overwhelms me. I am almost free now. Carefully
I again try the door knob, and most of the sweat on my hands has disappeared
so it's easy now. I feel the cool, cool air hit my back. Sigh.!
Then bending at the knees I can reach with my right hand and undo the double
ended clip on my ankle cuffs. It's a short fall now backwards and
I'm laying on the floor, able now to reach the clip on my left cuff.
But more importantly I can feel for the keys and unlock everything, then
reaching up and turning on the light.

Frantically I pull down a spare light mattress from against the
wall, laying on it, I start to stroke myself to erection. Grabbing
the thick butt plug I insert it quickly, pushing and letting it come
out again, and again and again, wondering if I will push it past it's wide
point and feel it swoosh up into me. No, it feels too good this way,
stretching, invading. A small pillow beneath me helps hold
the plug in place and without my pushing downwards it won't disappear within
me. My left hand is now clear to again torment my poor hard and sore
nipples, while my right hand finds the lube and trying to go slowly, but
not succeeding, I hurriedly bring myself to an explosive, hot and messy
orgasm.

Was all the planning and preparation worth it? You betcha.
Now I'm even planning for next Friday's adventure. Hmmm. What will
I do? What WILL I DO?
