---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: In the Photo Studio
authors:
- hotscribe
tags:
- n/a
---

I'm taking some more photographs of you in my studio where my assistant,
Duke, is arranging various props and set pieces. He's a young man in his
early twenties, handsome and eager to learn the business.
You're dressed in a blouse and wrap-around skirt. As he works around
you, setting things up, I notice you watching him closely, then I see you
bend over slightly to let your breasts brush lightly against his arm.
When he looks up at you, you give him a smile, pouting your lips in
a seductive way.

Then, a few moments later, I just happen to see you enticing him a bit
by pulling up your skirt and showing him some of your long naked leg. Hesitantly,
he reaches out to touch you and you slap his hand away. Obviously you're
being a flirt and a tease, and I decide I'd better teach you a lesson...

The next set of photos will include shotson a Victorian-styled daybed
with thin, iron railings.
I decide that something doesn't look right as I gaze through the viewfinder,
and I go to you, take one of your hands and put it on the railing.
Then, before you realize what has happened, I flick a handcuff around
your wrist and lock it in.
The other end snaps into place around the railing.
"What are you doing!?" you exclaim and bring the other hand over to
try and free yourself.
But I grab that hand, too, pull it back and snap a handcuff around
the wrist, then attach it to the opposite railing so that you lie T-shaped
sideways on the bed, the lower portion of your body half-dangling off the
edge, with your feet on the floor.
"You've been a bad girl, Kristy," I say to you quietly as I begin to
undo the buttons of your blouse one at a time, slowly. "You've been teasing
Duke, getting him hot and horny, then turning him away...That's really
not nice, you know."
"But, but---" you begin. "What are you going to do to me?"

There's a slight quaver in your voice, more of excitement than fear.
"You'll see," I reply as the last button comes undone and I part the
two halves of your blouse to reveal your firm breasts with their hard,
pink nipples. I take the teats between my fingers and thumbs, rub them
gently but firmly. You moan and squirm on the bed as you feel a shock travel
from your buds to your groin. You struggle, but you realize you can't get
free.
Now I unfasten your skirt, pull it away. Already your panties are wet
with dew and I slip them down your legs.
"Duke, come here," I call out. A moment later, my assistanrt appears.
"Take your clothes off."
He looks at me, a surprised look on his face, but he quickly gets out
of his clothes. Naked he stands before you, his cock already hard and throbbing.
"Go ahead," i say to him. "Take her."
Wide-eyed, you stare at me. "I'm just going to enjoy the show," I say
simply.

As Duke moves towards you, I unfasten my pants and push them and my
shorts to the floor, step out of them. I pull off my shirt. I take hold
of my own cock, begin to rub the skin back and forth as I was Duke move
between your legs. he lifts up your hips and without any sort of foreplay,
thrusts himself into you. Within a minute or two of quick stabs, he suddenly
pulls out of you, grasps his cock and jerks it quickly, shooting his warm
seed onto your belly.
You groan with disappointment at the quickness of it all, desiring
more, but with a finaly grin of thanks at me, he leaves.
I move to you, still fingering my cock, stand between your legs.
"You want more?" I inquire.
"Yes..." you whisper.
"Are you going to tease us again?"
You shake your head, but I know full well that you will. but it doesn't
matter. I like being turned on by you.
"All right then." That said, I sit on the floor between your legs,
pick up your thighs and rest them on my shoulders. Slowly, I begin to lick
my way up the inside of your thigh, tasting the bittersweet saltiness of
your sweat, then up further till I inhale the heady and stimulating muskiness
of your sex.

My tongue maneuvers its way back and forth along your labia, curling
around your clitoris,
stabbing every so slightly into the entrance of your cunt, tasting
your juices. You struggle against the
cuffs, but they hold you securely.
Now I lift your hips more, thrusting my hot tongue deep into your hole.

You cry out, begging for more. I slide my tongue back and forth, then
run it down to your anus, probe the puckered hole with quick light thrusts
and circling licks. You bounce on the bed as I move back to your clitoris,
rubbing it, sucking it, nibbling it with my tongue and teeth and lips until
you can stand it no more. You gasp aloud, calling out in ecstasy as waves
of delicious sensations ripple through your body and my tongue thrusts
deep into the very core of your sex, entering, retreating,
until, exhausted, you moan for me to stop.....
