---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Budding Film Star
authors:
- Robotunit8
tags:
- Solo-F
- actress
- MF+/f
- studio
- costume
- catsuit
- fitted
- boots
- set
- table
- transform
- F2android
- mind-control
- program
- bodymod
- enhance
- fembot
- mission
- space
- superheroine
- cons
- X
date: 2018-06-01 00:00:00
---

Stephanie had been the star of drama school, getting the
highest honours possible, however her career in films was not moving
quite in the direction she desired. Ironically being 22, blonde, very
pretty and exceedingly big breasted, meant all she seemed to get was
offers to work in adult movies which wasnt what she wanted to do. Don't
get me wrong she was no prude, but she just wanted to get herself a
meaningful acting career.

Finally her manager rang her up with a serious job offer, a sci-fi
film about a woman transformed into a female robot by scientists on
Earth to save her planet from attack by beings from another planet. The
story would tell of her adaption from human to robot, her being
victorious in the battle to save Earth, and living her life contentedly
afterwards as ‘Robo-girl’, a new superheroine looking after the Earth
after returning home victoriously when they are unable to return her
to a human form as planned. As her manager told her it was a major
acting task for such a young woman, as she would have to be able to
perform like a robot would for much of the film, but he thought she was
up to the role, and if she was good in the part it would almost
certainly lead to more serious acting roles in the future. She didnt
even have to do an audition as the studio wanted her so much for the
role.

“Well in that case, it sounds a fascinating role and I would love to
take it on. What do I have to do and when?“ she asked him.

“I’m glad you agreed, as I had already arranged for you to go to the
studios. Tomorrow morning you are to report to the ‘Mark Cohen Studios’
for a sizing for your robot outfit as it has to fit your body like a
second skin, so they need millimetric measurements of your body which
they are going to do with a body scanner, so take a leotard with you to
protect your modesty while they do it. You can't miss the place as there
is a big MC above the entrance.“ he replied.

“Fine.“ she said noting down the address as he gave it to her, “What
time do I report?”

“10am, I gather the scan will take about an hour or so to
complete, just let me know the outcome. They will also explain the plot
further and show you the fembot outfit that you will be wearing, or the
design of it anyway.“ he replied.

“I will,“ Stephanie said happily, “I’m so glad to finally get a
serious job offer.”

“So am I.“ said the manager after he had put the phone down, “She
just needs one break to make it as a true star and hopefully this will
be it.”

The next morning at 9.55 Stephanie was reporting to reception at
the studios, judging by the size of the studio the film was going to be
made mainly on location which would be very exciting for her as it
would be the first time she would do that. She was greeted by the
producer of the film and he ran through the plot briefly with her.

She would be playing a young woman, Laura Stevens, a computer expert
who would be cybernetically enhanced by scientists and transformed
into a powerful fembot machine after volunteering to help save the
Earth from invasion. This silver clad fembot would then be given a
special spaceship in which to carry out her mission. The reasoning
behind her cybernetic transformation was that the spaceship was
totally computer controlled and she would be directly linked into the
computer and operate everything through her fembot circuitry. Of course
as the ‘All American’ heroine she would succeed single handedly in her
mission and return to Earth a heroine. Unfortunately on her return to
Earth the scientists are unable to reverse the fembotic process as
they had thought they would be able to, and Laura has to live out her
life as ‘Robo-girl’, a highly intelligent and powerful superheroine
helping to fight evil both on Earth and throughout the solar system in
her spacecraft, while showing the world the illusion of Laura, by
wearing clothing over her new silver body. The rest of the film would
show her life as Laura, and her regular missions as Robo-girl
throughout the universe, with any luck the film would be the start of
Stephanie’s blossoming career.

“Are you interested in this role, there wouldn't be too many young
and pretty female actresses who would be prepared to wear such a skin
tight outfit, especially with your figure, and we will understand if you
don't want to do it.“ the producer asked her, “You will be naked under
the suit but we will be removing your nipples from the image by
computer effect, so that it looks like your body has breasts but no
nipples much as a robot would.”

Stephanie thought briefly, then smiling at him said, “Yes I would
love to make the film, and though I’m slightly nervous about the film
crew seeing my nipples through the outfit I will do it, it's still a lot
better than the adult film offers I get, when I would have to show
everything! What will this suit be made of by the way?”

“Its a very special formula of latex, quite thin but far easier than
normal latex to put on and far more comfortable to wear for long
periods of time as its a breathable polymer of rubber. You will be able
to slip it on in moments, and wear it for days at a time if it were
necessary to do so. This is a picture of the suit by the way.“ he said
showing Stephanie a picture.

She gasped in amazement, it was a complete silver body
suit, including a thin hood for her face, she really was going to be
sealed into this suit for filming. It had long black gloves and black
knee length boots and a true fembot look to the outfit. She thought to
herself, ’This is going to test my method acting skills!’ but just
smiled at the director. It looked really tight and she wondered just
how much her breasts would stand out in this really tight outfit.

“Can I ask a few things?“ Stephanie said after a few minutes.

“Of course,“ said the director, “fire away. ”

“If I’m going to be wearing this suit all day, how do I eat and
drink and err, how do I put this, relieve myself! Also if my face is
always behind the hood, how will people know its me in there and not a
computer image?”

“To answer your questions, the hood pulls back for eating and
drinking, and we will fit a tiny zip in the crotch for toilet
duties. We don't really plan for you to be in it for days anyway!“ he
said laughing, “and it will only be when you are in full robotic mode
that the hood will be over your face, every scene as Laura will clearly
show your very pretty face.”

“That's OK then.“ Stephanie said happily, “I gather I have to be
measured for the suit by a body scanner or something? When and where is
that to be done?”

“Here and now if you are willing, it would be better done in the
nude to get the suit absolutely skin tight, but if you want to wear a
thin leotard I would understand, we can provide a suitable one if you
do.“ he said, “However the only person who would see you would be the
technician doing the scan.”

Stephanie thought carefully for a moment, this was her big acting
chance and she didn't want to upset anyone, then said slightly
nervously, “If thats the case I will do it in the nude as you
wish, where do I have to go?”

The director smiled at her, “In that case Stephanie I think we can
say you have the role, my names Paul by the way. Just follow me. ”

Paul led Stephanie down a passageway and through a door into what
looked like a Doctors room. He introduced Stephanie to the technician
who would be doing the scan and showed her the booth where it would be
done. He pointed out where she had to stand and what would happen, and
she nodded happily as he told her all the details. A beam of light
would pass over her whole body taking millimetric measurements of
every part of her body and that the whole process would take about 30
minutes and she wouldn't be able to move during that time, or it would
affect the measurements. He then showed her a booth where she could
strip and gave her a towel to ‘cover her modesty’ until she was in the
scanner chamber. Stephanie removed all her clothes, wrapped the towel
around her and walked past the 2 men into the scanner room, hung up the
towel and stood where she had been told to. She looked herself over, her
big breasts sitting proudly on her chest, eyed the scanning device
nervously and then pressed the button on the pad in front of her, and
spoke through the intercom,

“I’m ready. ”

“Thank you Stephanie,“ said Paul, “I will leave you in the hands of
the technician and see you in about 30 minutes. Scan commencing in 30
seconds. ”

Paul left the room and Stephanie took a look at the walls of the
booth, there wasn't even a window to see anything through, the light in
the room went out and then all she could see was a red beam of light
approaching the top of her head. She tried to stand as still as a
models dummy, while at the same time trying to see what was happening
to her. She felt a very slight warm tingle as it commenced its journey
down her body, but nothing more, as it passed her eyes she blinked, but
that was her only reaction. Meanwhile in the lab area where the scan
was being controlled, Paul had returned with 3 other men. They looked
at her through the camera and one of the men said, “She will be perfect, just the woman we need for this role. ”

“I agree,“ said another, “just the girl we are seeking for
Robo-girl. Increase scan sensitivity for body area accordingly. ”

“Scan sensitivity setting to maximum as requested.“ said the
technician, and Stephanie thought she felt the beam heating up against
her skin, but just put it down to her imagination! As the beam passed
over her breasts her nipples grew hard and she giggled to
herself, hoping it wouldn't mess up her measurements. She even felt the
heat of the beam in her pussy as it passed under that area, and giggled
again wondering what on earth they wanted a measurement there for. As
the beam reached her feet, it began its journey upwards again, she
presumed just checking the measurements. After it had completed its
journey the light was again turned on in the room, and after she had
wrapped the towel around herself, she opened the door and was greeted
by Paul. He told her everything had gone perfectly and that she was to
return in 3 days time for a test fitting, and that filming would start
a week or 2 after that. Stephanie nodded excitedly, this could be her
big break in the movie world and she was determined to take it.

Three days later she arrived at the studio, looking forward to seeing
the finished article, though nervous at how she would look in such a
skintight outfit. When she was taken to Paul’s office to await him she
could see the outfit in the corner, and decided to sneak a quick look
at it while she waited. She gasped when she saw it, it was virtually
seamless, a complete bodysuit that would cover her from her head to her
toes! She couldn't even see how she possibly got into it, but assumed
there must be a way. She heard the door click behind her, and there was
Paul standing smiling at her.

“You like it?“ he asked her.

“Truly amazing,“ Stephanie replied, “but how do I get into it, I can't
get my whole body through that head hole!“ she added laughing.

Paul smiled at her, “There's a fastening running down the back of the
suit, you undo the seal like so,“ and he showed her how, “and then do it
back up in the same manner after you are in it, its designed to make it
look like a true fembot body with no obvious way of ‘human’ entry into
it. Then you simply pull the hood over your head, lower the face mask
and seal that onto the suit as well. Then at the end of the days
filming you are released in the same manner. ”

Stephanie just said, “Wow, thats amazing. So I assume you would like
me to try it on and make sure its OK?”

“Yes please Stephanie,“ said Paul, “my female assistant will show you
to the changing area, and then seal you in and bring you back here for
me to see", and calling on the intercom, “Susan, will you show Stephanie
to the changing area and help her into her suit please.”

Susan walked in and smiled, “Of course Paul, Stephanie if you will
follow me. ”

Stephanie trotted happily after Susan carrying the suit, Susan was a
little older than Stephanie, about 30 she guessed, but blonde and buxom
just like her. The suit surprised Stephanie as to how light it was, it
really would be like wearing a second skin. In the meanwhile Paul got
out a control box, there was a dial with 0-10 on it and a lever between
off, temporary and permanent, and an on/off switch to the whole box. He
set it to temporary level 10 and placed it back on his desk. Meanwhile
Susan was helping Stephanie into the suit after she had stripped
naked, it was remarkably easy to get into, but so clingy and
tight, Stephanie could see her big breasts standing out proudly, and her
nipples erect as she climbed in. It was amazing she had thought she
would at least need a bra, but Paul had told her no, her flesh had to
touch the suit everywhere and she would be fine, not to even wear
panties. She felt the suit slide neatly into her slit, filling that hole
tightly as well. Then the moment of truth, Susan sealed her in at the
back, she pulled the hood up and dropped the face mask over her face
and Susan sealed that down for her. She gasped in amazement as she saw
her image in the mirror, a perfect form in silver from head to toe. She
climbed into the black knee boots and they fitted as tightly as
everything else, she slid the long gloves on her arms, and looked
again, what an amazing sight, Paul would be delighted with her. She
walked proudly back to Paul’s office and knocked on the door.

“Come in Stephanie.“ he said, and she strode in, “How does it
feel. ”

“Absolutely fantastic,“ she said, “Laura Stevens, or is that Robo-girl
reporting for duty!”

“That's great Stephanie, just one last check then.“ he said and picked
up the control unit.

“What's th...“ Stephanie started to say as she was
temporarily frozen in position, then standing bolt upright
said, “Temporary fembot level 10 download initiated, also downloading
all other levels in the process. Permanent download levels not yet
initiated. Download will complete in 41.6 seconds.”

After the designated time she spoke again, “All temporary fembot
levels downloaded and activated, fembot unit Laura-1 now operational as
commanded at level 10. ”

Paul smiled and picked up the phone, “Roger, the suit works perfectly
I have set her to all temporary levels as requested so she will only
be controlled while wearing the suit, we will activate permanent
downloads when we are ‘making the movie’ with her, then she and the
suit will become as one. She will then be indistinguishable from normal
humans.”

“Excellent,“ said the voice at the end of the phone, “give her the
commands to not remember this event, then reset the suit to level 0 and
release her for now, tell her that filming the movie will commence one
week from now, and she is to report to the studio then. Tell her we will
be filming the internal scenes here before going on location and that
the first scenes filmed will be her cybernetic
transformation. Congratulations by the way.”

Paul put down the phone and turned to the frozen Stephanie, “Laura-1
will not be activated within this body unless suit is activated at
level 1 or higher, at all other times Stephanie must be permitted to
act as herself, in all non critical matters. She will not remember the
time lapse involved, but will simply remember having the suit checked
over for her comfort and being told about her co-stars. Unit Laura-1
confirms?”

“Laura-1 confirms these details Sir, programmed and downloaded. When
will permanent transfer be made into this female body?”

“One week from now, Laura-1 will absorb Stephanie King’s body, full
data linkage will be activated on that day. Until then Stephanie must
live primary lifestyle.“ Paul said.

“Laura-1 confirms and obeys.”

“Activate Stephanie memory bank.”

“Activating, Laura-1 becoming secondary body lifestyle.”

Paul spoke, “Stephanie, you will not remember any of this, all you
will remember is being checked for the comfort of the suit, and being
informed of when you will meet your co stars. Please confirm. ”

Stephanie spoke, “Details confirmed Sir. ”

“Excellent.“ said Paul and turned the dial back to level 0, and
Stephanie bounced back to life, “Stephanie as you know the suit fits
you perfectly, filming will commence a week today with the studio
shots, the first of which will be Laura’s cybernetic enhancement
scenes, I look forward to seeing you then.“ Then calling in Susan she
took Stephanie back to the changing room and she took off the suit and
put on her normal clothes. She admitted to Susan that she was really
looking forward to making the film and couldn't wait for next week to
come.

Meanwhile back in his office Paul was on the phone again, “Yes everything went perfectly, all we need to do now is make up all
the paperwork for Laura Stevens, and delete all records of Stephanie
King as of next Monday. We need to ensure that the new name of the
woman is fully prepared for the day of cybernetic transfer to a fembot
type body to bring Laura to life.”

A week later Stephanie woke up excitedly, this was the day that the
film that would make her name in movies was starting to be filmed, and
even if she was playing a fembot, and her face would be hidden some of
the time, she knew that if she impressed the critics it could only lead
to better and brighter things in the future. At least thats what
Stephanie thought would happen! She would make sure she was at the
studio bright and early to get ready for her big day.

**Chapter Two**

Stephanie made sure she was up bright and early for her first
day and on set for what she was calling ‘The start of her big movie
career’, so she could enjoy the build up to her first big scene.

Paul was there to greet her on her arrival, and introduce her to the
other actors who would be taking part in the scene and Stephanie
chatted politely and happily to them until she was called into
make-up. She was slightly surprised when all they did was unclip her
blonde hair so it hung to her shoulders, and put a little eye shadow on
her to enhance her big blue eyes. It was explained to her that the suit
would look better with her hair hung down, and that as most of her
would be covered up by the suit today there was little need for any
more make up than that.

After she was finished and ‘looking beautiful’ as Paul put it, he
explained the scene they would be shooting today, it would be the scene
where Laura was sealed into her body suit, then with various
cybernetic enhancement treatments she would be transformed into a fembot being
capable of being linked to her spaceship’s computers directly and to
be able to control the craft simply through her cybernetic
linkage. This scene would first involve Laura being given various
injections, ’Water of course’, Paul told her, then being linked
electronically to various machines to carry out her transformation, and
a helmet being lowered over her head so that it would look like her
mind was being enhanced with special data, and then with computer
imaging skills the whole suit would glow a bright white as Laura was
fembotised. He handed Stephanie a brief script which told her what to
say when the process was completed and hoped as it was only a few
lines that she would have little trouble remembering it. He did
jokingly say that her first days filming would mainly involve her
laying down tightly restrained saying nothing, so it would give her an
easy introduction to filming, but that after today life would become a
lot more exciting.

Stephanie giggled and blushed, saying that it was alright, and that a
fairly non active day would at least give her some idea of how a days
filming on a major film would go. Paul explained to her that she would
have to walk into the lab, agree to put on the suit so that the work
could be carried out, and then change and come back wearing the
suit. She would then declare that the cybernetic enhancements could
begin, lay on the table while she was prepared and then just answer the
questions her fellow actors asked her, remembering of course her name
was Laura. Stephanie nodded keenly, she was just dying to get on with
the filming! He asked if Stephanie was ready to start and she nodded
keenly, this was the moment she had been waiting for!

The scene was set, Paul gave everyone their instructions, and then
the call Stephanie had been waiting for, “Action. ". Stephanie walked
onto set and greeted the ‘Doctors’ who were waiting for her.

“Laura, we are simply so grateful that you have agreed to this
mission and all it entails. As you know we have already tested the
cybernisation suit in temporary mode and returned you safely
afterwards, but as this has obviously never been done with a full
download before on a human we can only promise you that as far as we
know after the mission we will be able to return you to human status
afterwards.", the head doctor said to her.

Laura gulped slightly then spoke quietly but firmly, “Yes I
understand this risk, but for the survival of Earth I am willing to
take the chance involved. By doing this to myself, and enabling my mind
and body to be linked directly into the spaceship’s computers it will
enable me to succeed in my mission and save my planet. ”

“In that case Laura, I think we should begin the process as time is
strictly limited.", the doctor replied.

“I know.“ said Laura firmly, “Where is my cyber suit, I will go and
prepare myself?”

“In the changing room through there, just return here when you are
ready.”

Laura nodded and left the room.

“Cut.“ said Paul, “That went perfectly, so Stephanie if you will now
go and get ready?", Stephanie nodded and went to where the suit was
awaiting her. This was going to be a very big scene as she was going to
have to act in a slightly robotic manner once the work had been
carried out, but as Paul had told her, not excessively so, as Laura would
still have a human appearance within the suit.

She stripped and climbed into the suit, and one of the make up girls
helped seal it up for her, then she walked back on set where Paul and
the ‘doctors’ were waiting to greet her.

“Do you want to run through the script at all Stephanie before we
start?", Paul asked her, “Or just get down to business?”

“How will I know when the scene is completed and I say my lines, its
not quite clear in the script?“ she asked.

“When the last of the machines are lifted off you, that's when you
say your lines, OK?“ Paul replied, “Don't worry it will be easy to know
when its right to do so, it will just come instinctively.”

Stephanie just nodded.

“In that case,“ Paul said, “shall we get started?”

“Yes, lets.“ said Stephanie keenly.

“OK everyone to their positions, and action.“ said Paul.

The head of the mission greeted Laura on her return, and said, “Thank
you for this, as without you Earth may well have been doomed. ”

Laura shook his hand, “My pleasure Sir, where do I lay, on this
table?”

“Yes Laura, you do.“ he said, and then she climbed up onto the metal
table, she was locked into position by the assistant doctors, and a
chamber lowered over her body and a helmet lowered over her head.

The head doctor then said to the other doctors, “Commence cybernetic
adaption preparations, raise computers and electrical powers to the
levels required.”

“Commencing preparations.“ One of them sitting at a nearby computer
said. Stephanie thought she could feel an electrical tingling
throughout the suit, and a gentle buzzing in her head, but didn't say
anything that might ruin the shot. A few moments later she heard the
same man say, “Preparations completed, we are ready to commence
cybernetic and fembotic adaptions on Laura.", and then Stephanie felt
the tingling and buzzing grow greatly in intensity as the head of the
mission said, “Commence all processes at maximum power. ”

Just as Stephanie was going to cry out in pain at all the
electricity pulsing through her, her body became motionless and she
went silent, the suit glowed a white light of great intensity and the
chamber containing her body lit up as many thousands of volts of
electricity surged through it, the only thing that stopped Stephanie’s
body being evaporated was the cyber suit she was wearing. In the
meanwhile 2 razor sharp needles injected themselves into her skull and
then directly into her brain, and passed more massive pulses of
electricity through her mind wiping away all Stephanie’s identity, and
replacing it with all Laura Stevens details. This process went on for
20 minutes or more, as every semblance of Stephanie disappeared and was
replaced entirely by an identity of Laura Stevens.

In the meanwhile Paul turned to the man acting as the head of the
mission and said, “I assume that all the necessary paperwork and
documentation for Laura Stevens is ready, and all evidence that
Stephanie King ever existed has been deleted?”

The man nodded, “Yes it has, as far as the world is now concerned
Stephanie King was never born, but Laura Stevens was, even though up to
now she has never existed beyond a computer system, albeit the most
advanced one ever known. Tell me, how will we know if the programme has
worked, because presumably she would claim to be Laura Stevens anyway?
Oh, and the cheque has been sent to her manager to keep him quiet about
things!”

“They have different scripts.“ said Paul, “Their status designations
are completely different depending on whether the process worked or
not, we will soon know one way or the other. ”

Shortly after this the men carrying out the operation informed them
that the process should now be completed, all permanent downloads were
within her newly created data bank and that the machinery and helmet
could now be removed. Once the assistants had removed it all and
released Laura from her restraints, the head of the mission asked her a
question, “Laura, are you alright, inform me of all designated statuses within
your system. ”

Laura sat up, and spoke, “I am fine Sir, and it's nice to have a body of my own instead of
being a mere virtual being after all this time. Unit Laura-1 reports
all downloads have functioned perfectly, and are permanently set in my
systems. Neural transfers are all completed, and all traces of the
previous occupant of this body have been deleted accordingly, unit name
is now Laura Stevens as designated. All circuitry and wiring fully
activated and operational. I am ready and prepared to serve my duty as
soon as you wish", then looking down at her ample curves, she added
smiling, “You’ve selected a nice figure for me!”

“And blonde and very pretty too.“ Paul added handing her a
mirror, and Laura smiled in delight at what she saw.

“Might try it out later!", Laura grinned, “I trust I’ve been
programmed that way!”

“Of course!", said Paul, “We wouldn't do anything less for you. We
ought to test the sensitivity of your sexual areas anyway, purely for
informative purposes. ”

“Of course you would!", grinned Laura,“ It will be interesting to
discover what real sex is like anyway rather than just having a
program run through your virtual body. When does my mission commence
anyway?”

“3 days time.“ the head of the project said, “Until then you are to
get used to the ways of your new body, and for the body to get used to
you as its been strengthened considerably and your IQ reading would be
about 4 times higher than the most intelligent human so the whole body
will have to get used to reacting far more quickly and adeptly than
before", then handing Laura a batch of cards and books, “You will need
these when moving around, they have all been prepared especially for
you with all your personal details and pictures of the former occupant
of this body, all details of her have been removed from every file, as
far as the world is now concerned she never existed! I suggest you just
relax, enjoy your new body and prepare yourself for 3 days time.”

Laura spent the rest of the day discovering how a ‘human’ body
reacted to things, though a cybernetically enhanced version of one, it
was the same shape and form and Laura found it fascinating and quite
arousing as her big breasts moved gently on her chest as she
breathed, and even more so as she walked for the first time, even in
flat shoes, and she giggled at the thought of wearing heels in the
future. Though she had no need to do so, as Stephanie had a substantial
clothes and shoe collection of her own (which had mysteriously
disappeared from Stephanie’s flat that morning!) and many outfits had
been provided for her as well, Laura found looking round clothes shops
that afternoon a fascinating experience, though she didn't plan to buy
anything for now. However like most young ladies of her age she
couldn't resist a little ‘retail therapy’ when she saw a pair of silver
knee length boots which she thought absolutely divine. She also
discovered that quality chocolate ice cream is something that most
girls love!

Paul smiled when he saw Laura returning shopping bag in
hand, thinking she was picking up female human habits quite easily! Paul
greeted Laura as she entered the building, “Laura, we need to run a few tests on you before your mission, make
sure there is no sign of rejection and to make sure all your
mechanisms are functioning fully. You also mentioned something about
experiencing real sex I believe?”

“I certainly did!“ grinned Laura, “It will be interesting to see what
humans see in it for myself!”

Paul and the other Doctors checked Laura over in the lab, she was
fine, Stephanie’s body was showing no signs of rejecting the new being
now controlling it, and all her circuitry and other functioning units
were working perfectly, no antibodies were trying to destroy all the
circuitry within Stephanie’s former body shell. Then Laura with a
wicked grin on her face said, “Well who’s going to show me what sex is like and test to see if
that part of me is working then?”

Well funnily enough there was no shortage of volunteers to make
love to a good looking buxom blonde, but Laura selected a
young, slightly nervous looking guy as her ‘victim’, but Laura promised
to be gentle with him! She removed the clothes she had put on after
the processing had been completed, and made a fine sight, something akin
to a buxom Scandinavian amazon I would guess, long blonde hair, a
massive bosom and a well shaped but very feminine body structure, and
of course a pussy dying to be filled. He removed his clothes steadily
until he stood naked before her, the sight of her fine strong body
having the desired effect on his cock. Laura climbed on the
transforming bed and signalled him to mount her which he did
nervously, but once there he worked superbly. Soon Laura was panting
with delight as he worked on her breasts and clit, the doctors
admitting surprise at how sensitive her genitals were and how aroused
a fembot girl could become, they had assumed that these feelings would
be deadened by the circuitry within her, but they were being proved
wrong.

Soon Laura had had enough foreplay and teased his very erect, and by
now damp cock into her body, she had to admit the sensation was nice
but not overly arousing to her. The young lad however was having a
marvellous time and after a short while all the stimulation he was
receiving from Laura resulted in him exploding the most massive climax
he had ever had inside her, bringing a resultant grin from Laura, “No way was he not coming!“ smiled Laura, “I’ve got some powerful
muscles down there and this computer has taught me how to use
them!“ Looking at his now limp cock, she smiled and asked, “Is that it, I
could keep going all night!”

“Yes you could Laura, but unfortunately we human men can't do the
same!” smiled the head of the mission.

Over the next couple of days Laura’s ‘mind and body’ were given a
full workout by the computer at the centre and passed every test, and
so everything was readied and prepared for her mission to begin the
next day. Laura said goodbye to everyone and climbed on board her space
ship and tested that the hyperspace engines were fully functional, then
she prepared herself for the big moment. The tight black spacesuit she
was wearing had jack-plug sockets on both of her breasts and a similar
one for her pussy hole, and she connected herself to the ships computer
banks by plugging wiring into these 3 sockets. She then lowered the
helmet over her head and 4 electrodes sealed themselves onto her
head, 2 on her temples, and 2 on her forehead and the computer activated
them, at this stage Laura and the spaceships computers became as
one, and her processors could activate any of the ships controls simply
by thought, or indeed if the computer deemed it necessary to control
her as well.

She called through to mission control, “All spaceship data feeds now registering as part of Laura-1, my
neural override system operating in same manner. Will switch on
hyperspace engines when clear of Earth’s atmosphere, until then craft
will operate on rocket engines. Spacecraft and Laura-1 both fully
operational for mission Sir. ”

“Thank you Laura, switch on rocket engines and take off sequence
will commence in 30 seconds,“ the voice said back to her.

“Laura-1 obeys.“ she said.

Paul and the other man heading mission control turned to each other
and Paul said, “If this works she will return a heroine, and if it
doesn't then Earth will probably be destroyed but no one will ever know
what we did to the human woman she was either way, which is probably
just as well!”

The other man smiled, “It probably will, there would be great concern
if they knew it was possible to erase a womans identity and turn her
into a virtual computer being, and control her accordingly!”

Laura’s craft took off perfectly, and once clear of the Earth’s
atmosphere she switched on the hyperspace engines and blasted away
from Earth at great speed. She would be on the edge of the solar system
in a matter of hours, and would meet her target very shortly after
that, she just hoped that the computers special weapons would still
operate then as they had on Earth in computerised tests. The computers
selected to place her in dormant mode for most of the flight and Laura
never saw the spectacular sight of all the other planets as she sailed
past them. She was brought back to full awareness as the craft passed
Neptune and readied for her mission, as masses of data whizzed into her
neural circuitry. Soon after her radar type units picked up her target
for the first time, and she instructed the computer by thought to set a
collision course with it, and the craft changed course accordingly,
slowing down ever so slightly so that she would not actually collide
with it.

Within 15 minutes or so, she could see for herself what would
destroy Earth if her mission wasnt successful, a massive comet on a
collision course with Earth. Using her deflection beams, and if
necessary her nuclear blasters she had to either deflect its course
through 1% or to evaporate it completely and save the planet of her
HBU as she termed it (human body unit) which was all Stephanie had
been to her. She closed in on the comet, and simply activated the
deflector beams by thought control and began her programmed duty. At
first the powerful deflector beams had little effect on the comet, and
Laura even felt a slight ‘headache’ with the strain of so much power
passing through her mind from the computer as they set out to complete
the task.

Just as Laura began to despair that the task would be
successfully completed and to try to destroy the comet with the
nuclear blasters, there was a buzzing in her head as the computer
registered a growing course deflection reading on the comet, and when
Laura was downloaded with the vital detail that the deflection
necessary had been achieved she switched off the deflector beams, and
simply tracked the comet for 50,000 miles or so to make sure it didn't
change course again, which of course it didn't. The mission was
successful and it was time for her to change course and return to
Earth. The moment she even thought about this, the ships computers set a
course for Earth from her position and started out on the journey back
to Earth, this time the computer leaving her fully functional so she
could enjoy the sight of the planets as she passed by them at
hyperspace speed. In time she saw Earth coming into sight and she
prepared the craft for landing, and between her and the computer she
landed safely back on Earth, and was greeted happily by the men behind
her mission. In time as predicted, the comet sailed past Earth at a
considerable distance and most people never knew what a danger it had
created.

The ‘powerful people’ who had created this situation in the first
place decided that it was better for people not to know what had
happened, and therefore the whole mission remained top secret. By the
time Laura returned to Earth her new life had been created for her. She
was ‘hyped up’ to the general public as the latest in a line of
beautiful young film stars, and offered a long term, multi million pound
contract to make films for MC studios, though none were ever likely to
be made in a studio that didn't truly exist! She duly ‘purchased’ a
luxury home with the money from the contract, which was provided with a
large garage area where the hyper drive spaceship she had used on the
mission mysteriously arrived soon after. The world soon after
discovered a genuine super heroine in their midst, a pretty and buxom
young woman calling herself Robo-girl who seemed to help the
authorities every time they needed her. Of course in between these
duties Robo girl would help ordinary people whenever she had the time
to. Her special talents were an amazing mind, and superhuman strength
and she could travel anywhere in the world rapidly in her high speed
transporter shuttle. She also used the spacecraft on special missions
throughout the solar system, though these were all hidden from the
general public on Earth, including exploratory missions to Mars as of
course she didn't actually need to breathe in a human manner.

Laura meanwhile had a normal human social life as well, relevant to
a pretty 22 year old girl, though of course none of her beaus ever knew
her secret identity, or her physical and mental capabilities. She
enjoyed an active sex life, though admitting her disappointment at
human mens incapability to keep erect after sex continued to be a blow
to her. Naturally the fact that she knew she couldn't get pregnant, or
catch any diseases as her body shell was not human flesh made this a
safe matter for her which would not be relevant to a human woman.

She didn't however remain a single woman all her life, as after a few
years of single life a male companion arrived in her life, Steve, a
friend found for her by Paul and his friends. As to whether he was a
‘true’ young man or another cybernetically enhanced unit I will leave
that matter for you to decide upon, but lets just say he managed to
keep Laura sexually satisfied! They did live happily together for
many, many years and he must surely have discovered Laura’s ‘little
secret’ in time, if he wasn't of course a CEU himself.

In time Robo-girl was given the ultimate honour for a super
heroine, her own computer animated series about her adventures, slightly
ironic I guess considering the way she was ‘born’!

\*\*\*

*(Yes the mission scenario and the hyper drive spaceship are
extremely far-fetched, but after all it is only fiction! The concept of
a super heroine called Robo-girl however is an interesting one, and I’m
surprised no one has done it yet, maybe I should copyright the name! My
main reason for leaving it like this is because it gives me the scope
to use the characters again, Laura and Steve, Robo-girl and I guess
Robo-boy maybe in the future, so didn't want to tie up the ends too
tightly. As usual comments, criticisms and real life roleplay
opportunities (for a UK based author) to the usual address [robotunit8@hotmail.com](mailto:%72%6f%62%6f%74%75%6e%69%74%38%40%68%6f%74%6d%61%69%6c%2e%63%6f%6d) )*
