---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge Series Two
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- Sbf
- F+-m
- M-f
- F-m
- latex
- vr
- bond
- electro
- machine
- costume
- clamps
- punish
- collar
- petgirl
- toys
- buttplug
- ponygirl
- harness
- cuffs
- armbinder
- oral
- sex
- messy
- whip
- enema
- mast
- anal
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-12-21 00:00:00
---

### Interactive Christmas Special

You wake up to find that it is bitterly cold and when you open your eyes you see snow swirling above you driven by a fierce, chill wind. You are lying on your back in a snowdrift along with your three escape room companions. You are all naked save for strategically wound cheesecloth scarves.

Sitting up, you feel the bite of the wind more fiercely and suppressing a shiver, you force yourself to look around. You see only a flat expanse of snow and ice extending to all horizons. The only exception is a steel door a few meters away bearing the sign: ‘Santa’s Secret Sex Toy Factory’

*If you want to try to open the door go to [CHAPTER 1](#CHAPTER-1).*

*If you want to explore the inhospitable snowy wastes wearing nothing but a scarf go to [EPILOGUE 1](#EPILOGUE-1).*

#### CHAPTER 1

You manage to force the door open and quickly stumble inside, your teeth chattering. You are in an entry hall. It is not very warm but you are at least out of the wind.

Beside you is a desk and a chair but, aside from the four of you, there is nobody else present. On the wall behind the desk is a calendar displaying an elfin looking girl in a minuscule red bikini with white fur trim and a Santa hat. The calendar reads ‘Employee of the Month: Miss December’. The days below are crossed off suggesting it is 23rd.

On the desk is a pile of colourful publicity flyers for a new console game that promises to be ‘the hit of the season’. It’s called: ‘Escape Room Girls - the Game’ and is based on the hit reality streaming show. The blurb states you can ‘Play as your favourite hot ER girl’ and very revealing images of the four of you state the choices of:

* Hot, willing and gorgeous cheerleader Charlotte Scarlet
* Slutty, buxom and bossy redhead Tiffany Tease
* Dusky, delightful and wickedly kinky Priya Prince
* Sexually repressed genius; everybody’s fantasy geek Isabel Schwarz.

Ahead of you are two security scanners and beside them is a bin with a sign stating ‘Clean Area Ahead - Deposit ALL outdoor clothing in bin provided before entry’.

*If you want to go through the scanner go to [CHAPTER 2](#CHAPTER-2).*

*If you want to obey the sign and shed your scarf (leaving you completely naked) jump to [CHAPTER 3](#CHAPTER-3).*

#### CHAPTER 2

As you enter the scanner, you hear a familiar voice: ‘Rule violation. Punishment initiated.’

Your nipple and clit implants give you a violent shock and you collapse to the floor wrapping your breasts protectively with one arm and sliding the other between your legs.

When you have recovered, you look up to find your fellow escape roomers laughing at you and reminding you of the importance of obeying Professor Kink’s rules.

Embarrassed and with your nipples throbbing you struggle to your feet, shed your scarf so that like the others you are naked and clear security.

*Warning: the next time, dear reader, you subject any of these poor girls to unnecessary punishment by a rule violation, you will get a FORFEIT too!*

*Go on to [CHAPTER 3](#CHAPTER-3).*

#### CHAPTER 3

As you emerge from security the now familiar disembodied voice states ‘Christmas Escape Room Challenge Activated: Select Player’

Ahead of you are four doors each suitably adorned with a picture of you.

*If you want to play as:*

* *Charlotte Scarlet - Go to [CHAPTER 4CS](#CHAPTER-4CS)*

* *Isabel Schwarz - Go to [CHAPTER 4IS](#CHAPTER-4IS)*

* *Priya Prince - Go to [CHAPTER 4PP](#CHAPTER-4PP)*

* *Tiffany Tease - Go to [CHAPTER 4TT](#CHAPTER-4TT)*

#### CHAPTER 4CS

Going through the Charlotte door you find one of Kink’s restraint rings. With a sigh and a toss of your long blonde hair you reach your hands up into the cylinders at the top, pushing them in to feel the familiar clunk as the locks snap shut around your wrists. Then you lift your legs and slide your feet into the lower cylinders which lock shut too, holding your beautifully toned cheerleader body helpless and spread eagled. A tingle of pleasure runs through you at this amplified by the ‘reward’ from your nipple and clit implants for being a good girl.

As you hang, helpless and feeling increasingly aroused, two arms emerge from the sides of the room. They carry hoses and support what appears to be some sort of spraygun. A moment later the system springs to life and a jet of hot black liquid spurts onto your breasts, the shock making your nipples jump to attention. You can smell the liquid now. It is rubber and, as you watch, the spray guns begin to coat your skin. After the initial shock, the treatment is not unpleasant; you’ve occasionally subjected your subs to hot waxing (and enjoyed it once yourself although only on the nipples) and this is not unlike it. By the time the jet is directed to your pussy, you’re tingling all over and more than just pleasantly aroused. The final touch is a shower of sparkling gold dust which sticks to the rubber so that when you are finally released you have shiny second skin of black rubber from your neck to your ankles and wrists that sparkles in the light.

And, dear reader, if you really want to get into the part of sexy Charlotte in her rubber skin you could wear any rubber clothing you have, a wetsuit if you have one, or maybe strip off and spray yourself with some body glitter. Don’t worry if you don’t have any of this, it’s unlikely Charlotte will keep her clothes on very long.

*From now on when you reach a chapter split into 4 sections (CS/IS/PP/TT) like this one choose option CS. For now go on to [CHAPTER 5](#CHAPTER-5).*

#### CHAPTER 4IS

You enter the booth to find a pile of clothes on a chair. You’re not surprised to find it’s a small pile. On the top is a red cape with white fur trim that, when you put it on, does little more than cover your shoulders. At least it has a hood which you think will be useful if you have to go outside again. For a moment, you consider refusing to wear it on the grounds that it will be humiliating and Christmas isn’t really your thing coming from a Jewish family. However, you are somewhat lapsed and, given the number of Christmas parties you’ve enjoyed, you can hardly take the moral high ground.

You’re also rewarded for putting it on by a pleasant buzz from your nipple implants.

You sigh when you see that there is also a pair of red shiny nipple tassels. You like your new breasts but are realising that wearing a bra is useful if you need to run. You sigh again and pick up the nipple tassels. They appear to be clip on ones - typical or Kink. You play with your nipples to give the clips something to cling onto and then clip them to your nipples. There is another buzz from your implants, a bigger one this time and a loud click along with a painful jolt in your nipples. When you examine your nipples, it is clear the tassels that have configured themselves to your nipples are now apparently locked in place. You think they are probably made of the same material as the suits you have found yourself wearing during some of your escapes. You pull on one of the tassels and feel your nipple being squeezed. On the bright side they probably won’t fall off.

There’s a thong too, a shiny red and sparkly tinsel one which is probably made of the same material. This encourages you to put it on and, alongside a little ‘reward’ from your clit implant you enjoy a very pleasant sensation as the thong configures itself to your body.

It seems churlish to eschew the red sparkly thigh boots with white fur trim even if they will make you walk on your toes for the whole of this escape challenge. You could have been a dancer, after all, if you hadn’t followed an academic calling. You are not surprised when the boots too lock themselves to your body.

Dressed and ready to meet Kink’s next erotic challenge, you walk towards the exit of the booth enjoying the gentle teasing of the nipple tassels as they swing from your breasts and the rub of the thong.

So, dear reader, you’ve chosen the sexy geek. If you really want to make this interactive and festive I’d suggest you don a thong and nipple tassels but I’m guessing most of us won’t have these to hand. I’m going to suggest some pegs on your nipples and tight crotch rope - and don’t forget the Santa hat. Don’t worry if you don’t have these items to hand, it’s unlikely Isabel will keep even these skimpy clothes on very long.

*From now on when you reach a chapter split into 4 sections (CS/IS/PP/TT) like this one choose option IS. For now go on to [CHAPTER 5](#CHAPTER-5).*

#### CHAPTER 4PP

As you enter the booth, you see a mannequin wearing a black leather choker and body harness. The harness is made of broad straps. There is a pair of black leather thigh boots with multiple shiny buckles and spiked heels too along with a long leather coat rather like the one Professor Kink seems to favour and a peaked military cap also in black leather. There are fingerless leather gloves too.

It’s a good look and you spend the next twenty minutes buckling yourself in. By the time you have finished you can see in the mirror that you have transformed into a hot dominatrix. Your pleasure at the sight of yourself like this is enhanced by your implants which buzz appreciatively. You stand admiring yourself for a few moments, running your hands down your body, cupping your bare breasts and teasing your nipples.

There is a coiled whip on the wall and you take it down, uncoiling it and giving it an experimental flick which produces a very satisfactory crack.

You are about to exit when you see that the number 6429 has been written on the wall beneath the hook where the whip was hanging. Beside it is the stylised ‘K’ that Kink Enterprises uses as a logo.

*From now on when you reach a chapter split into 4 sections (CS/IS/PP/TT) like this one choose option PP. For now go on to [CHAPTER 5](#CHAPTER-5).*

#### CHAPTER 4TT

As you enter the booth, you look in horror at the green satin lingerie that has been left for you. You hold it up to see that the bra is fairly substantial (something that your large breasts need) but is in the peephole style and are not surprised to find the knickers may be deep but they are also split crotch. There’s a red satin waspie and the look is completed with suspenders and red fishnet stockings. The patent leather shoes are very shiny and there is a green pointy hat.

You would rather go naked and throw the clothing on the floor. You turn to leave. That’s when your implants remind you there are certain rules to the challenges and you drop to your knees with a cry holding your breasts with one arm and pulling at your sex with the other.

‘Fuck you!’ you howl.

‘The demerit for your swearing violation has been logged,’ the familiar dispassionate voice says.

‘Yeah, right.’

‘Players are required to enter into the spirit of Christmas,’ the voice intones. ‘Please dress accordingly.’

‘Fuck off!’

Your implants deliver a more powerful shock to your nipples and clit making you collapse to the floor.

‘The demerit for your swearing violation has been logged.’

You growl but curb your tongue as you struggle to your knees and then onto your feet. Grudgingly you pull in the knickers. It does actually feel quite nice to be clothed for a change and, when you fasten the bra, you realise how much your breasts were aching. You do up the clasps of the waspie noting in the mirror what it does to your curves. Then pull on the stockings and clip them to the suspenders of the waspie. You sigh as you put on the shoes, they have silver buckles.

‘Do I really have to wear the hat?’ You ask the disembodied voice but there is no answer.

‘Fine!’

You pull on the hat and stand in front of the mirror rolling your eyes. The only consolation is that your nipple and clit implants now buzz encouragingly.

‘I look like a fucking Christmas elf!’

‘The demerit for your swearing violation has been logged.’

*So, dear reader, are you going to support your character and change into your sexiest lingerie (stockings and all) or at least a bra and knickers? If you don’t have these it will have to be the budgie smugglers and going topless. (To be honest, if you can’t do this, don’t worry, Tiffany will probably be naked soon).*

*AND, dear reader YOU have just earned a FORFEIT too. It’s not just the girls who will be suffering punishments in this adventure.*

*Your FORFEIT is to wear clothes pegs (or nipple clamps if you have them) on your nipples for the rest of the adventure.*

*DON’T CHEAT TIFFANY!*

*From now on when you reach a chapter split into 4 sections (CS/IS/PP/TT) like this one choose option TT. For now go on to [CHAPTER 5](#CHAPTER-5).*

#### CHAPTER 5

The four of you emerge from the changing booths into what must be Santa’s Toy Factory. The whole room is eerily silent at a time when you might expect the factory to be in full production. There are at least a dozen production lines; all completely still. At the end of one, rosaries of anal beads hang from hooks ready for packing while on another butt plugs and dildos are lined up, some boxed and some unboxed. These are mostly automated but the next line looks as if it should be manned; leather body harnesses, cuffs and collars are in various states of completion. The next line makes chains and shackles.

‘Where is everyone?’ you ask.

The others shrug.

Looking down, you see what appear to be foil wrappers littering the floor. They smell of chocolate and, now you think of it, there is a scent of chocolate in the air. There’s also a life size statue of a man made of chocolate.

In the corner at the end of a production line making gags of different varieties you see a sign which reads ‘Santa’s Office - Authorised Personal Only’.

*If you want to enter Santa’s office to search for clues jump to [CHAPTER 7](#CHAPTER-7).*

*If you want to explore the factory (this is likely to take several hours) move on to [CHAPTER 6](#CHAPTER-6).*

#### CHAPTER 6

You spend several hours exploring the factory floor discovering more sex toys as you go. Santa is clearly a very kinky guy. The final production line you come face to face with yourselves.

The line is dedicated to blow up dolls and has been producing four models: a blonde cheerleader in leather restraints who is lying in a spread-eagle posture, a busty redhead in lingerie who seems engineered to be on her knees, a brunette in a very kinky ballerina costume and a seemingly impossible pose and a dark skinned girl in a white leather collar who seems designed to be down on all fours ready to take it from behind although her head is lifted and, like the others she has an open and very receptive looking mouth. Deluxe models apparently come equipped with vibrators.

You are going to have to have a very serious talk with Kink when you finally escape - particularly about royalties.

*Having satisfied your curiosity about the factory you wander back to Santa’s Office. Go on to [CHAPTER 7](#CHAPTER-7).*

#### CHAPTER 7 (SANTA’S OFFICE)

The office has a desk, a chair and a filing cabinet. There is a poster on the wall that has clearly been torn from a calendar. It shows a woman wearing bunny ears and not much else reclining on what appears to be a throne. She is deliciously curvaceous with huge breasts and large brown nipples. Around her neck is a pink leather collar which bears the letters TEB. She has what is probably a bowl of chocolate beside her and is licking her index finger in a way that can only be described as ‘suggestive’; chocolate is running down her chin and there is a splash of it on her right breast. Her legs are crossed and her feet, in pink stiletto heels, are resting on the back of a man, kneeling there for the purpose. The man is well muscled and clearly restrained with heavy leather cuffs holding his arms behind his back, held in place by a strap to a thick padded leather collar. It’s difficult to tell from the angle of the shot but he appears to be wearing a tail plug and his cock is locked in a cage.

On the desk are more flyers for the Escape Room Girls Video Game and a computer terminal. There is also a book bearing the legend ‘Santa’s List’.

*If you want to check out the computer terminal jump to [CHAPTER 14](#CHAPTER-14).*

*If you want to investigate the filing cabinet jump to [CHAPTER 13](#CHAPTER-13).*

*If you want to read Santa’s List go on to [CHAPTER 8](#CHAPTER-8).*

#### CHAPTER 8

It’s Santa’s list of all good little boys and girls from the age of eighteen upwards and appears to detail all the naughty things they have done in the previous year.

Starting at Aababa Aabaa who appears to masturbate regularly you flip through to Zzung Zzuzu who seems to be a very naughty Chinese girl who has appeared in seven bondage videos in the last twelve months. The entry states that she skipped college to do the last three for free because she liked being tied up and used so much. Her rating, according to the list, is ‘Extremely naughty’ and states that her presents will be a slave collar, a set of wrist cuffs, a butt plug and a flogger which are to be delivered to her ‘Sugar Daddy’ in Beijing for safe keeping and to ensure she enjoys them fully.

*This book is a red herring and doesn’t really relate to the escape. You’d be better off going on to [CHAPTER 13](#CHAPTER-13) and looking in Santa’s filing cabinet but if you want to be a naughty girl and read your own entry then:*

* *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 11CS](#CHAPTER-11CS)*

* *As Isabel, go to [CHAPTER 11IS](#CHAPTER-11IS)*

* *As Priya, go to [CHAPTER 11PP](#CHAPTER-11PP)*

* *As Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 11TT](#CHAPTER-11TT)*

#### CHAPTER 11CS

Charlotte Scarlet. For all her wholesome cheerleader, girl next door appearance, Charlotte is as slutty as they come. She uses her looks and her body to get her own way. Charlotte’s personal mantra is ‘What Charlotte wants, Charlotte gets’. From stealing other girl’s boyfriends at school to manipulating everyone she meets at college, Charlotte is as devious as she is hot. She knows just whose buttons to press and how to press them. Sexually, she’s insatiable and always has a number of partners whom she strings along with the promise of sexual favours. Due to her abilities, Charlotte rarely goes down, preferring to dominate. She keeps a collection of accessories in her room to aid with this and, among those who have had the pleasure of her attention, is considered very skilled. She’s mostly been into boys but recently seems to have swayed the other way with an almost reckless lust for her neighbour which has frequently become requited. The jury is out as to whether sexy Charlotte has the self control to see it through. Rating: Primadonna Slut. Olympic Standard Naughtiness. Christmas gift: a taste of her own medicine - already delivered.

*Go on to [CHAPTER 12](#CHAPTER-12).*

#### CHAPTER 11IS

Isabel Schwarz. Flat chested escape room geek. Reasonably fit body. Rarely naughty. Recent activities in the Escape Room circuit have revealed Isabel’s true nature. Released from the constraints of her heretofore prissy, boring and geeky A\* student persona, Isabel has shown a penchant for bondage and lesbian sex that suggests a deeply kinky and carefully suppressed slutty nature. In the escape room, Isabel has been seen masturbating in public, failing escape challenges because of a rampant libido and willingly going down on one of her fellow ER girls. Rating: Closet slut. Very naughty. (Isabel is from a Jewish family but has been known to enjoy Christmas parties and was once snogged under the mistletoe). Christmas Gift: a taste for domination - already delivered.

*Go on to [CHAPTER 12](#CHAPTER-12).*

#### CHAPTER 11PP

Priya has been indulging in bondage fantasies for several years. She’s nearly been caught on several occasions, the latest when a friend came to visit and walked into her room without knocking. Priya had tied and gagged herself in the wardrobe and had to stay there sitting on her butt plug drooling uncontrollably around her new three inch ball gag while the friend took advantage of her absence to explore her room. She came very close to finding Priya’s box of toys but fortunately, Priya had put them back under her bed before tying herself. She did find the keys to Priya’s cuffs which were still on the bed but fortunately left these on her nightstand. Priya frequently sleeps in handcuffs wearing her favourite harness gag and collar. She has been known to attend lectures wearing nipple clamps and a chastity belt. Priya’s rating is: ‘Moderately naughty' but there is a note saying this is ‘under review' following your recent behaviour in the Escape Room. There is a note stating that Priya’s Christmas gift is also ‘under review’ and a comment that, as a Hindu, sensitivity must be applied.

*Go on to [CHAPTER 12](#CHAPTER-12).*

#### CHAPTER 11TT Tiffany Tease presents the appearance of a slut which she uses as a way of manipulating others. It is fortunate that Tiffany enjoys going down as she does it so often. She’s not averse to having her hands tied when she does so and has consented to a number of bondage sex shows where she will allow herself to be tied and stimulated for the pleasure of others. Some of these have been videoed and can be viewed online. One in particular of her in a red leather bondage suit shows her sucking off at least three men while being teased with a powerful vibrator and eagerly swallowing the fruits of her labours. For all her bravado, Tiffany has a soft core and is vulnerable - a result of her upbringing. Rating: Slut. Moderately naughty. Christmas gift: Support, friendship and understanding of her peers - delivery underway. *Go on to [CHAPTER 12](#CHAPTER-12).* CHAPTER 12 You are a very naughty girl sneaking a peek at Santa’s list! There is a FORFEIT for this! You must wear nipple clamps (or clothes pegs) for the rest of the adventure. If you already have these in place, you must put on four more pegs at least two of which must be on your genitalia. *If you want to check out the computer terminal jump to [CHAPTER 14](#CHAPTER-14).* *If you want to investigate the filing cabinet go on to [CHAPTER 13](#CHAPTER-13).* CHAPTER 13 The filing cabinet is locked but a quick search of the room reveals the key taped to the underside of the desk. You open the drawers to find them full of magazines, pictures and DVDs. You’ve clearly hit upon Santa’s porn stash and, if you hadn’t realised it by the Sex Toy factory and the poster of the bunny girl on the wall, the big guy is very kinky. His favourite thing seems to be pet girls, in particular bunnies - from 70s nightclub hostesses to full on hot AI generated 3D hum-bunny girls - as long as they have long furry ears and a little white fluffy tail, Santa appears to enjoy them. The woman in the wall features heavily in his fantasies and appears to be the personification of the Easter Bunny. She’s there in various poses flaunting her BBG assets from every angle and sliding amusingly shaped chocolate into every orifice. Allegedly, she’s a very dominant woman/bunny which fits with the poster and there are dozens of pictures of her subs/pets restrained in a various forms of bondage while she abuses them. Her favourite torture appears to be dripping hot chocolate onto various parts of their bodies but mostly their nipples and genitalia (her subs are men and women). There are corresponding images of her standing over these pets as they are made to (or perhaps enjoy) licking the chocolate off each other. One helpless guy, possibly the one on the poster, is stretched spread-eagle on a rack as two nude bunny girls with their hands bound lick his nipples while a third is sucking the chocolate from his stiffly erect cock. In another, a woman bound to the same rack is having chocolate licked from her pussy by a man on his knees wearing a gimp mask while the ‘Mistress’ Bunny drips molten chocolate onto the girl’s breasts. Chocolate enemas appear to be one of her things too. The final picture shows Mistress Bunny in her full glory (latex bustier and knickers and spike heeled thigh boots all in shocking pink) is flanked by half a dozen sexy bunny girls. The dominatrix is holding out an easter egg wrapped in foil as if offering it to you. The bunny girls all have long pink ears and seem to be restrained in pink leather single sleeves. Their legs are strapped together and they wear pink collars and pink ball gags. A couple of them have baskets of easter eggs hanging from clamps on their nipples. The words “Do you dare?” are printed across the image along with the words “Warning: this chocolate is addictive”. You notice that the wrapping on the easter eggs matches the foil you found on the floor of the factory. *Now go on to [CHAPTER 14](#CHAPTER-14).* CHAPTER 14 After a few attempts, you realise that Santa’s password is ‘SEXYBUNNY’ and this gives you access to his terminal. There’s a link to personnel records and clicking on this you find that Santa holds files on all his elves most of which contain compromising photos of them in sexually compromising and very explicit situations or maybe they are just testing the toys they are making. You’re not surprised to find that the elves are all female while the overseers are all male. Junior elves dress in green, mostly lingerie while more senior elves wear red and white often in the form of bikinis, nipple tassels and tinsel thongs. Another icon links to ‘Security camera footage’ and when you click on this you get access to cameras in various areas. *Select the footage you wish to review:* * *‘Reindeer Stables’ - go to [CHAPTER 15](#CHAPTER-15).* * *‘Staff Rest Room’ - go to [CHAPTER 16](#CHAPTER-16).* * *‘Sleigh Hanger’ - go to [CHAPTER 17](#CHAPTER-17).* * *‘Factory Floor’ - go to [CHAPTER 18](#CHAPTER-18).* CHAPTER 15 Each pair of reindeer appear to have their own stall. Given the nature of Santa’s enterprise, you are not the least bit surprised to find the reindeer are pretty similar to pony girls although they have antlers. Thus Donner and Blitzen as snuggled together in their stall asleep as are Comet and Cupid. Prancer and Vixen are a little more awake and currently tonguing at each other’s pussies. Dasher seems to be on her own. There’s no sign of Dancer. *Select the footage you wish to review next:* * *‘Staff Rest Room’ - go to [CHAPTER 16](#CHAPTER-16).* * *‘Sleigh Hanger’ - go to [CHAPTER 17](#CHAPTER-17).* * *‘Factory Floor’ - go to [CHAPTER 18](#CHAPTER-18).* CHAPTER 16 The staff rest room is currently empty but flicking back using rewind you see various elves taking their breaks. At these times, they clearly enjoy more than coffee. A number of them are playing with toys from the factory floor and you watch as two female elves enjoy the pleasures of a set of anal beads together while in the background a male overseer is using an inflatable Priya doll. *Use your imagination and, when you have finished, clear up the mess then select the footage you wish to review next:* * *‘Reindeer Stables’ - go to [CHAPTER 15](#CHAPTER-15).* * *‘Sleigh Hanger’ - go to [CHAPTER 17](#CHAPTER-17).* * *‘Factory Floor’ - go to [CHAPTER 18](#CHAPTER-18).* CHAPTER 17 The camera for the Sleigh Hanger doesn’t appear to be working, or perhaps is covered in something (that might be chocolate). *Select the footage you wish to review next:* * *‘Reindeer Stables’ - go to [CHAPTER 15](#CHAPTER-15).* * *‘Staff Rest Room’ - go to [CHAPTER 16](#CHAPTER-16).* * *‘Factory Floor’ - go to [CHAPTER 18](#CHAPTER-18).* CHAPTER 18 The security footage of the factory floor shows the sudden arrival of the Easter Bunny/Mistress Bunny at Santa’s Factory. She bursts in through a door marked ‘Sleigh Hanger’ accompanied by dozens of bunny girls with their long pink ears and fluffy white tails. They wear pink leotards and fishnet stockings and are all restrained in pink single sleeves. Their legs are tied together with pink straps so they are forced to hop around. As you watch the bunnies hop among the elves offering them eggs from the baskets that hang from their nipples. Mistress Bunny is tossing out eggs too and exhorting the elves to eat them. One by one the elves give in to temptation and, when they do, transform into bunny girls, different only from the attackers by pink ball gags and the lack of baskets of eggs hanging from their nipples. As you watch, an overseer runs towards Mistress Bunny but is surrounded by a cluster of pink bunny girls. When he reappears he is coated in chocolate which hardens. This, at least, explains the chocolate statue you saw on the factory floor. At this point Santa emerges from his office followed by a female elf who wears a single nipple tassel and is clutching what might be a red tinsel thong. The bracelet of a set of handcuffs is locked around her right wrist, the other hangs open beneath it. She attempts to put the thong on but trips and, as she falls, opens her mouth. At that moment an egg bounces from the basket of one of the bunnies and she, like her fellows, is transformed into a bondage bunny girl complete with pink ballgag. Santa faces up to the Easter Bunny shouldering his way through the pink bunny girl foot soldiers who try to surround him. He might have looked more intimidating if he didn’t have to hold up his trousers with one hand. He’s almost reached Mistress Bunny when she makes a gesture and Santa is forced to his knees. The bunnies overwhelm him and, when he reappears from the mass of female bodies, he’s locked in chains and wearing a gimp mask. Mistress Bunny picks up the chain locked to his collar and he is forced to follow her. The last view you get of Santa as he disappears through the door to the Sleigh Hanger is of him crawling on all fours beside Mistress Bunny surrounded by her host of pink bondage bunny girls/transformed elves. The image is probably spoiled by the fact that Santa is wearing a butt plug and doesn’t seem to be resisting as much as you might think. *Go on to [CHAPTER 19](#CHAPTER-19).* CHAPTER 19 It looks like you have a problem. It’s 23rd December and Santa has been kidnapped by the Easter Bunny. Unless you do something, all those naughty boys and girls won’t get their sex toys under the tree this Christmas. *What are you going to do?* *If you want to save Santa and save his kinky Christmas go on to [CHAPTER 20](#CHAPTER-20).* *If you’ve had enough and want to kick back for the rest of your escape room time then go to [EPILOGUE 2](#EPILOGUE-2).* CHAPTER 20 ‘To the Sleigh Hanger.’ You race out onto the factory floor past the chocolate ‘statue’, ignoring all the sex toys and easter egg wrappers and enter the Sleigh Hanger. It is a huge domed space with a view out over the frozen wastes outside where it is still snowing. It is cooler in here, especially for girls who are wearing very little but you barely notice this in your excitement. Santa’s sleigh is there on its runners simply radiating magic. All you need are a set of reindeer to pull it, someone to drive it and some idea of where you are going. Fortunately, there’s a launch manual. * Step 1: Summon reindeer. * Step 2: Enter coordinates in guidance system * Step 3: Harness reindeer to sleigh * Step 4: Give the magic signal. It seems all you have to do is call the reindeer. You do remember their names don’t you? They were given in a previous chapter. Please keep up, this is an escape room puzzle. *If you remember them, call them out and go on to [CHAPTER 21](#CHAPTER-21).* *If you don’t and have to look them up there is a FORFEIT. You’re doing the rest of the escape naked. Come on - get your kit off then go on to [CHAPTER 21](#CHAPTER-21).* CHAPTER 21 You call out the reindeer names and they appear one by one, all except Dancer. The reindeer are all gorgeous women around six feet tall who look a little like an exotic dance troupe from the Moulin Rouge or Folies Bergère. If they weren’t Santa’s reindeer, they’d certainly be dancing the cancan. All of them are wearing (or perhaps coated in) a layer of sparkly brown latex that is partly translucent, all are harnessed and bridled and wearing boots that turn their feet into hooves and make them even taller. They have antlers attached to their bridles, bells on their nipples and tails dangling from the obvious orifice. ‘Who are you?’ One of them asks. She has a tag on her collar identifying her as Dasher. You explain your situation and ask for the reindeers’ help. They agree, of course, but there is one slight snag. ‘Dancer ish being punisthed.’ Dasher tells you, struggling to speak around her bit. ‘He’sh been a naughdy boy.’ ‘Can we go without him?’ You ask. ‘No, the shleigh needs eighd reindeer do pull id. One of you will haf do shtep in.’ *Who is it going to be?* *Go on to the appropriate section for your character:* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 22CS](#CHAPTER-22CS)* * *As Isabel, go to [CHAPTER 22IS](#CHAPTER-22IS)* * *As Priya, go to [CHAPTER 22PP](#CHAPTER-22PP)* * *As Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 22TT](#CHAPTER-22TT)* CHAPTER 22CS You are the obvious choice. You’re athletic and fit and you look as gorgeous as the reindeer. You’re even wearing sparkly latex reindeer skin. You jump up and down with excitement saying ‘Me, Me, Me!’ Unfortunately, Isabel clearly wants to do it too. You know she loved being a pony girl at the show when you tried to escape on the river steamer and has told you she was very jealous that you were the one Priya chose to race with while she was left pumping milk from Tiffany. And you do have a thing with her at the moment. You really should let her do it. But Charlotte gets what Charlotte wants. ‘Well, if you really want to,’ you say to her, ‘I suppose you could.’ You stand close to her and touch one of the tassels hanging from her nipples, setting it swinging. She really does look hot in those tassels and that little red cowl with its white fur trim and that red tinsel thong is scandalous. You could go down on her right here, right now and tear that thong off with your teeth. ‘But…’ you say, stepping closer so that your breasts are touching and your face is inches from hers, ‘you are the brains of the outfit.’ Your hands brush her body and pull her close. You know which buttons to press. ‘And this way round you get to strap little Charlotte into a harness and have complete control over her helpless body.’ You see her waver. ‘And I love it when you dominate me.’ Isabel looks at you and you recognise the desire in her eyes. ‘Alright,’ she says. ‘You can take Dancer’s place.’ ‘Thank you, Mistress.’ You lean in and kiss her briefly on the lips, then you turn round and jump up and down shouting, ‘I’m going to be a reindeer girl!’ *Go on to [CHAPTER 23CS](#CHAPTER-23CS).* CHAPTER 22IS You would love to be a reindeer girl, if that is the right term. They are so beautiful and tall and elegant and they move with the poise of dancers even on their dainty hooves and with their arms restrained. You worked hard on your dancing as a child and wanted to become a ballerina. You might have succeeded if your parents hadn’t made you prioritise your studies. You briefly wonder what your parents think of their daughter now. They are probably horrified, probably have the best lawyers trying to get you out although you know now that, while you enjoy the challenge of escaping you have already passed up one opportunity to be free of this place. This whole place is an opportunity, an opportunity you have never had; a place where you can leave behind your inhibitions, where you can openly embrace the subject of sex and enjoy it to its full. A place where you enjoy constant sexual arousal. You were so horny when you played pony girl alongside Charlotte and at the moment the constant swing of your nipple tassels and the teasing of the tinsel thong are keeping you in a state of sexual agitation. That and Charlotte in that sparkly rubber body paint that shows every inch of her gorgeous body. When you fantasised about her before, you thought that, if anything happened, you would be the submissive one but now you’ve experienced the pleasures of dominating her, of owning her body, of binding it and punishing it, of gagging her and teasing her… When she comes to you and flirts with you, playing with one of your nipple tassels, you know what she is trying to do, trying to play on your affection to let her be the reindeer girl. But you resolve that you are not going to pass up this opportunity. That’s when she tells you how she likes you being dominant and how she loves being your slave and how you’ll get to harness and bridle her and have complete control over her body. Those cobalt blue eyes are just so adorable and those dimples when she smiles. ‘Alright,’ you say, ‘you can take Dancer’s place.’ ‘Thank you, Mistress.’ She leans in and kisses you briefly on the lips then turns round and jumps up and down shouting ‘I’m going to be a reindeer girl!’ *Go on to [CHAPTER 23IS](#CHAPTER-23IS).* CHAPTER 22PP You have no desire to be a reindeer and watch as Isabel and Charlotte square off, both wanting to flaunt their lithe, little bodies in harness. It is obvious who will get their way; Isabel may be the team leader but Charlotte will end up with what she wants. You glance at Tiffany and see her mouth the words ‘Charlotte gets what Charlotte wants’. That probably means Isabel will spend the next thirty minutes or so lovingly harnessing and bridling and generally fondling the little blonde minx and it seems a golden opportunity to explore the little side quest you found in your dressing booth. *Go on to [CHAPTER 23PP](#CHAPTER-23PP).* CHAPTER 22TT Tiffany doesn’t do exercise, unless it’s the horizontal sort. You’re not built for it. You realised from quite a young age that bouncing breasts are a distraction for both you and those around you when you play sports. Deep down, you are a little envious of those tall graceful girls and, sometimes, wish you were as sporty as Charlotte or as graceful as Isabel. That’s probably why you resent Charlotte so much. Isabel you can forgive but Charlotte is so in your face all the time with ‘look at me, I can do the splits’, ‘look at me, I can do a somersault in the air’, ‘look at me, I’m captain of the cheerleading team’… There’s that and her background, of course - every bloody privilege under the sun and she’s at your college on an athletics scholarship. In your dark moment you suggest that someone paid a lot of money to swing that but you know that she really is good at what she does and recently, you have warmed to her. Her background is just so different from yours; you had to fight for everything; what money you had as a child was usually stolen from punters on the fairground where your family worked. You had little choice but to use sex as a weapon and as a means of income although secretly you found you enjoyed a lot of it. You’re not a slut, you’re just paying the bills. (And having a bit of fun, especially with the boys who like to tie you up and film you). You watch with amusement as Charlotte and Isabel square off but it’s obvious who will get the gig; Isabel may be the team leader but Charlotte will end up getting her way. You glance at Priya and mouth the words ‘Charlotte gets what Charlotte wants’. *Go on to [CHAPTER 23TT](#CHAPTER-23TT).* CHAPTER 23CS There is some reindeer tack hanging in the hanger and you stand with your arms behind your back and your chest out as Isabel slides the single sleeve up your arms. It is a light tan colour, soft and supple and feels wonderful as it slides over your rubber coated skin. Isabel tightens the wrist straps and you feel a surge of pleasure. This adventure in Kink’s escape rooms has reminded you of the pleasures of submission. You have played sub before but until you came here, you’ve tended to take the dominant role and, not surprisingly, are very good at it. Being bound by Isabel is a thrill for you too and when she tugs the elbow strap tight you feel a surge of excitement that makes your nipples, already stiff in the chill of the hanger, harden more and your pussy warm. She reaches over your shoulders to tighten the straps and you can’t resist pressing yourself back against her. ‘Make sure it’s tight,’ you say. You can hear the excitement in your voice. Isabel does not reply but pulls so hard on the straps that your bare feet slide on the floor. You realise you can’t wait to wear the pony boots. You look up to see Isabel standing in front of you. ‘Is it just the cold?’ she asks, reaching out to touch one of your very stiff nipples. You shiver with excitement as Isabel takes hold of both your nipples and pulls you into a kiss. ‘Aren’t we in a hurry?’ You say around a mouthful of her hot tongue. You don’t mind being kissed like this especially when Isabel is holding you by the nipples and your arms are restrained but you are keen to be a reindeer. You’re also a little anxious about this new Isabel who seems to want to dominate you. You’re even more anxious to realise how much you enjoy it. ‘I think we may have a while,’ she tells you, ‘the others have gone exploring.’ ‘Put me in harness first,’ you say, ‘please.’ You flash her your dimples in a way that will hopefully give you a little control of the situation. ‘I thought I was in charge.’ Isabel says with a smile. ‘Of course you are, Mistress,’ you say, meaning the opposite. ‘Because, if you’re going to be naughty…’ Isabel picks up a whip that is hanging by the rest of your tack. You look at the whip, horrorstruck - not by the thought that she might use it on you but at the hope you feel that she will. ‘I promise to be a good girl, Mistress,’ you say quickly. ‘I should hope so, slave.’ Isabel says. You quiver inside. How can lovely Isabel be so dominant? How can Charlotte love it so much when she is? And she’s so gorgeous; that sexy little body in its little red cowl and those nipple tassels and that thong. You watch as she picks up your harness, again in soft, tan leather and hope she doesn’t see the way you shudder as she drapes it on your body. ‘Feeling the chill, slave?’ She asks and you know your body has betrayed you. She tightens the straps efficiently, as if she’s used to handling pony girls or reindeer girls - as if she’s used to being in charge. She was so utterly dominant in that escape from the Bondage University and she seems right back in that role now. You can’t help wondering if its all a hangover from her time as a Vampyr. Maybe it was that hidden steel she displayed in those escapes that attracted you to her. You have to fight the urge to beg her to let you go down on her. ‘Oh,’ she says teasingly, ‘this is interesting.’ She’s looking at the crotch strap of the harness. ‘No wonder all those reindeer are so happy.’ She pulls it between your legs and immediately you feel its effect. ‘Oh!’ She let out a little gasp. ‘Not going to be a naughty slave, I hope.’ ‘No, Mistress.’ You lift your head and look up at the far wall of the hanger trying to calm the raging heat that the strap has suddenly sparked inside you. You barely notice that you’ve just called her ‘Mistress’ again and you didn’t even stop to think about it. She tightens the strap again and you cum. ‘Sorry, Mistress.’ ‘If she’sh nod ushed to id, id will be a bid dishtacting for a while.’ Dasher says, walking up elegantly on her hooves. She’s so elegant and so beautiful as she walks around you, in her high stepping gait and you can imaging exactly why she walks like that. ‘Nod bad,’ she says to Isabel, ‘bud I shink you would hafe been prettier.’ Isabel blushes and looks at you and you realise in that gaze how much she loves you and how much it took to let you play reindeer and not her. You look down unable to meet her eyes. ‘Sorry, Iz,’ you whisper. Suddenly she’s standing in front of you with her hand in your hair lifting your head. ‘I know you, Charlotte,’ she says tenderly, ‘and that’s why I let you get what you want.’ She kisses you gently on the lips and turns away which is fortunate because there are tears in your eyes. Then she turns back. ‘I might love you, but if you cum without permission again or forget to call me ‘Mistress’, I will punish you.’ You nod, overwhelmed by desire for her. The bridle comes next, more supple tan leather. You open your mouth eagerly to accept the bit, enjoying the feel of it between your teeth taking you back to that time you wanted to be a pony as a little girl and the thrill of becoming one alongside Isabel at the county fair. When she kisses you again around the bridle and wipes the tears from your eyes you hope that after all this you’ll live together in a house with a stable and that some nights she will keep you there in a harness and bridle and exercise you in the paddock. ‘Ready?’ She says holding up the tail plug. ‘Yesh, Mishdresh.’ She takes your reins and guides you so that you bend forward. You feel the tip of the plug against your anus and want it inside you. You’ll have to have a tail when you’re Isabel’s pony. ‘Remember what we agreed, slave.’ She reminds you. ‘Yesh, Mishdresh.’ You try your best to be a good little reindeer girl but just bending over has reminded you about the crotch strap of the harness and, as your mistress pushes the plug inside you, your body betrays you again. ‘You are a bad girl.’ Isabel tells you. ‘That’s three demerits.’ ‘Yesh, Mishdresh.’ ‘Perhaps these will be a little reminder to be better behaved.’ Isabel holds up the nipple bells. ‘Perhaps, Mishdresh.’ You’re not convinced, you suspect that when Isabel starts playing with your nipples you’ll probably earn a fourth demerit. Again, you try very hard to be good and perhaps, if she didn’t ensure both your nipples were completely ready for the little clip on bells you might have succeeded but when she bends and gently bites each of your little nubs before attaching the bells you find yourself on six demerits and realise that your body is showing no signs of coming down again from its current sexual high. You have two more orgasms as she leads you to something that looks like a low vaulting horse and another as she makes you straddle it. By the time the dainty hooves are secured on your feet you’re well into double figures. Then, fully prepared as one of Santa’s reindeer, Dasher comes to give you a quick lesson in reindeer drill and you follow her around the hanger, imitating the high stepping gait as you practice walking and trotting and cantering. Despite your physical abilities, you feel clumsy beside her but the sensations between your legs and in your nipples are more than enough to compensate for this. By the end of this you are breathless and flushed and probably heading for some pretty protracted punishments from Mistress Isabel. *With Charlotte in this much trouble, you really need to do a FORFEIT. If you’re not naked it’s time to strip off for the rest of the adventure. If you’re not wearing nipple clamps (or pegs) then you should be. If you’re already enjoying these forfeits then you should be adding some weight (or ideally bells) to whatever you have on your nipples.* *Go on to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24).* CHAPTER 23IS You are disappointed not to be the reindeer. Inside, you know that these reindeer are about elegance rather than physical prowess. They have to be powered by magic or fairy dust or whatever the VR gives them - their role is to look good. On the plus side, you do get to carry on wearing these nipple tassels and the tinsel thong which are driving you crazy in a very good way and you get to dominate Charlotte again. You enjoyed being her mistress in the college escape and can’t resist the opportunity to take on that role again. You can also get a little payback for her taking what should obviously have been your role but Charlotte always gets what Charlotte wants. But not anymore. You start by strapping her into the single sleeve. You’re still a little surprised at the way she responds to bondage. You knew she played BDSM games but you always imagined her as the dominant one. She does, after all, get her own way in every other walk of life. You’re all constantly horny here in Kink’s world and you’ve been surprised how being tied up has excited you - of course, you’ve usually had little choice: while tied up you’ve usually been subjected to intense sexual stimulation and you assume that, to some extent, your body has been conditioned to enjoy bondage and other kinky sex. However, there is something about being in the dormant role. You’ve always led the ER team and always got a thrill from it but that was more by consensus. Being dominant, being fully in control, especially of the gorgeous, irrepressible, utterly adorable Charlotte gives you a buzz that is almost like orgasm. You can tell she enjoys it from the other side too. Though, typical of Charlotte, she does try to take control so you need to put in her place. She clearly wants to be out there with the reindeer but you’re only going to allow it in your own time. With her helpless in the single sleeve you take your time teasing her nipples, feeling them harden under your fingers as you pinch them. She protests but you kiss her and make her submit. It’s a battle of wills and yours is infinitely stronger. You can almost feel her slide from Charlotte who gets what Charlotte wants into subspace. You don’t miss her secret orgasm as you tighten the crotch strap of the harness and you know you have her - doling out demerits when she forgets to call you Mistress or cums without permission. Charlotte doesn’t really do details, she’s too free spirited for that so it’s like taking candy from a baby. Slowly, you begin to enjoy the total control you have over her body; the helplessness she radiates, her submission to the bridle and the tail plug and then your fingers are back on those sensitive nipples again, preparing them for the clip on nipple bells. You can see the lust in her eyes as you tease her little buds mercilessly, bending to kiss and nibble at them, sending her into another run of orgasms as she racks up the demerits. Then there’s the boots and the pleasure of making her sit on the horse while you strap her feet into the dainty hooves. Dominant as you are, you can’t help but enjoy kneeling at her feet and strapping them on. You feel a little buzz of pleasure and an urge to kiss those pretty feet. It’s probably the tinsel thong, it has a similar effect to the crotch strap of Charlotte’s harness; bending down makes your nipple tassels swing too. You enjoy a shudder of orgasm which you know Charlotte won’t notice because she’s cumming like there’s no tomorrow on that saddle. She’s even given up trying to hide it. You hope there’ll be plenty of time later for her to work off her demerits although it will probably take her until next Christmas. You can’t help wondering if you’ll still be taking on Kink’s escape room challenges then. You certainly hope so, especially if you’re able to do all this to Charlotte again and again. *Go on to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24).* CHAPTER 23PP While Isabel is turning Charlotte into a hot sexy reindeer, you take the opportunity to look around and, walking down a side corridor, find a door marked ‘Secure Area - No Admittance’. It bears the symbol of Kink Enterprises. The door is locked but has a keypad and you remember the code from the booth where you dressed. You do remember the code from the booth where you dressed don’t you? *If you didn’t remember it’s 6429 there’s a FORFEIT.* *Your FORFEIT is to take off your clothes and finish the story naked but if you want to put on a body harness or even a couple of belts just to get into the Priya role please do. (Remember she’s dressed as a hot dominatrix).* *Told you this was interactive!* *Don’t let Priya down!* You enter the key code and the door opens with a pneumatic hiss. Beyond is something that looks very like the airlock on the underwater base. On the other side of the airlock is another door which opens with the same code. You expect to find yourself outside in the snow again but when she steps through you enter an office that is way plusher than Santa’s. This one has dark wood panelling and a thick pile Indian carpet; there’s an impressive mahogany desk, a chaise-longue and a coat stand with an umbrella and a long leather coat. Behind the desk sits Professor Kink dressed in a black linen Nehru jacket. As you enter, he’s looking at a panel of screens which display various parts of Santa’s secret factory including the deserted factory floor, the office and the sleigh hanger. There’s an external view too, showing the door in the snow; there are other external shots too, some snowy and some with grass; there’s one of a seascape. On one screen, labelled ‘Dancer’s Stable’, you can see Tiffany in her sexy elf costume standing in front of a kneeling black man in chains. The man is obviously the missing reindeer, Dancer, and, other than the chains, it’s not entirely clear what his punishment involves given that he has the full attention of your buxom redheaded friend. ‘Miss Prince.’ Kink stands as you enter. ‘I’m so glad you found your way here.’ You nod in acknowledgement. ‘Professor…or should I call you Master?’ Kink smiles ignoring your question. ‘I trust you had no difficulties getting here.’ ‘It was a fairly simple puzzle,’ you say casually, ‘hardly a test for an escape room expert.’ You saunter towards him realising, not for the first time, how handsome he is. He’s a little overweight but then again, many Indian men in their early thirties are a little rotund too. If only he was Indian, he’d make excellent marriage material - he’s clearly a genius and he’s obviously very rich and he does seem to live up to his name. ‘Then I must challenge you a little more next time,’ he says, looking at you and clearly enjoying what he sees. The body harness and thigh boots look good on you and he’s clearly enjoying the sight of your bare breasts. Despite your bondage fetish, you’ve never really thought of yourself as submissive; you just enjoy being bound or chained but, since you’ve been in Kink’s world, you’ve had the opportunity to experience both submission and dominance. With the mask and the whip, you know you ooze dominance and wonder for a moment if you should try your luck with the Professor but then you see the handcuffs on the desk and the leash coiled beside it. You put the whip down on the desk and then slip off the long black leather coat, hanging it on the coat stand beside Kink’s, you hang the hat on top of it; then you strut back to desk and pick up the handcuffs. ‘I take it we have time,’ you say, slipping a cuff around your right wrist and ratcheting it shut, one click at a time. It’s always an exciting moment, cuffing yourself and you feel your body respond immediately. ‘I think they’ll be a while.’ Kink points to the main screen which shows a close up of Isabel turning Charlotte into one of Santa’s reindeer or, more accurately, having strapped her into the single sleeve, the brunette is playing rather intently with the blonde's nipples. Something Charlotte is clearly enjoying. ‘Good.’ You put your hands behind your back and lock your left wrist into the other cuff with practiced ease. ‘I must say it’s always so much nicer when you know there’s going to be someone to take them off again.’ ‘Who says I’m going to take them off again, Miss Prince.’ Kink says picking up the leash and clipping it to your collar. ‘Someone’s going to have to drive the sleigh,’ you remind him with a wink. ‘I’m sure that’s what your viewers are waiting for.’ ‘Perhaps,’ Kink says tugging on your leash and leading you towards the chaise longue. You notice the way he’s walking, pleased that the sight of your body is giving him so much pleasure. Kink sits on the chaise longue and you drop to your knees beside him like a good little sub. He reaches out and strokes your thick black hair. ‘You really are a most attractive woman, Miss Prince,’ Kink says looking into your eyes. ‘Thank you, Sir.’ He smiles and then draws you towards him with the leash and kisses you gently. You return the kiss but not too enthusiastically, you don’t want to seem too eager although there was a time when you dreamed about a man handcuffing you and then kissing you like this. However, you do feel your body respond, your nipples swelling and your pussy starting to drool. You’ve always been horny but since you’ve been in Kink’s escape rooms you can barely walk across a room without feeling the need to masturbate. It would have been hard to control yourself if you weren’t in bondage so often - something which only seems to make your need greater. It’s not long before Kink’s hand is on your breast, playing with your nipple. ‘Not going to use my implants, Sir?’ You ask with mock naivety. ‘I thought we could do it the old-fashioned way,’ he tells you. That’s fine by you, kneeling on the floor in a bondage harness with your hands cuffed and having your nipples toyed with is really getting you excited. He continues to play with your breasts and then bends to kiss your nipples. A flash on the screen makes you look away and you see a close up of Isabel bridling Charlotte. ‘I don’t want to hurry you, Sir, but should we move things along?’ Kink glances at the screen. ‘Hmm, perhaps we should.’ He reaches down and undoes the crotch strap of your harness and you feel a coolness between your thighs that you know means you are very wet down there. Then he stands and begins to unbutton his trousers while you crawl to the end of the couch, leaning to rest on it. It’s not as if this is really happening, it’s all virtual so there’s no reason not to enjoy it - just like the last time before you were transformed into a southern belle with two pony girls and a hucow in your stable; before he locked you into that delicious corset. You did it afterwards too. His cabin was on the top deck of the steamer; the one where you had to leave the other girls behind. While the others went back to their restraint rings to await the next scenario, Kink took you for another of his chats and well, one thing lead to another… And fortunately, he had the keys to get you out that corset. Being a virgin is, you now know, an over-rated virtue; your family still expects it, but here you can be a complete slut. He kneels behind you. You feel the tip of his shaft brush your labia and you resist the urge to push back eagerly. He took you this way the first time and you rather liked it. You were strapped into a single sleeve at the time and wearing nipple clamps and a gag which added to the fun. He enters you gently, just as he did before, pushing, teasing and you stifle a moan. You can’t believe Charlotte and Tiffany do this all the time. You thought they were sluts at first but now you know exactly why they do it - it feels so good. Isabel’s probably done it too - in the real. His hands come round to your breasts and do all kinds of nice things to your nipples as he kisses the side of your neck. You push back now, so that he’s deep inside you, enjoying the way his cock slides over your labia and then his balls push against the hood of your clitoris. He gasps and you smile. Being here has been quite an experience. You’ve learned all kinds of things that will be useful when you finally do need a husband including fellatio. Maybe, if you do this again, you’ll think about anal. He begins to thrust in and out and you move with him or, rather against him, ensuing her penetrates you deeply and you can enjoy his full length. You briefly wonder if all men are that big. (Unless, of course, his avatar in this VR setting has been enhanced - like Isabel’s breasts). You’ve read somewhere that it’s more comfortable to take a bigger man this way, down on your knees. He grabs your harness and begins to thrust more urgently. It’s obvious he’s getting close and you’re not far behind. You experiment squeezing him and he gives another moan. Even in handcuffs, a girl can be in control. But you’d like more bondage next time - unless you decide you want to dominate him. You feel the jolt of his orgasm and concentrate on riding him hard, pushing back to ensure you get as much pleasure as him and he obliges , continuing to thrust until you feel that surge of pleasure just like last time. You’ve read about scoring orgasms and think that one was probably a two. You’re looking forward to your first three. You lie there for a moment, enjoying the last few moments of the fading orgasm then look round at the screen. Charlotte appears to be fully harnessed and bridled, you can see her sparkly antlers and the excitement in her eyes. As the camera zooms out, you can see the little bells on her nipples. ‘I think I’d better get back,’ you say. ‘Of course, Miss Prince.’ Kink slides his cock out of you. ‘It’s been a pleasure as always.’ ‘You know,’ you say looking around the room, ‘if we’re going to do this regularly, I want more than a couch.’ He smiles at you. ‘I’ll make a note, Miss Prince.’ He climbs to his feet and buttons up his trousers. You stand and he refastens the crotch strap of your harness then fishes in his pocket for the key to your handcuffs. ‘Thank you, Sir.’ You rub your wrists noting the bruising. ‘Some softer restraints would be nice too.’ ‘I’ll make a note of that too.’ He smiles. You turn to go but he calls you back and unclips the leash and points to your coat and cap. ‘Thank you, Sir.’ You finish dressing then open his office door and head back to the sleigh hanger. *Go on to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24).* CHAPTER 23TT While Isabel is turning Charlotte into a hot sexy reindeer, you take the opportunity to look, explore and walk toward the door marked ‘Reindeer Stable - Keep Out’. ‘Keep Out’ signs have never applied to you and you go through it. Inside you see the reindeer stalls. All the doors are open except one which has a notice on it ‘Punishment in progress - do not enter’. You’re curious and, like Keep Out signs, ‘Do not enter’ had never applied to you either. If it did, you wouldn’t have half as much sexual experience as you do now. Pushing open the door, you see a reindeer who you assume must be Dancer. You’re surprised to find he’s a male reindeer - definitely male - a definite cock although it’s currently confined in a cock cage. It’s quite a big cage. You know he’s a reindeer because he has antlers. Other than this he looks human. He’s fit too. You might have an aversion to exercise yourself but you like fit guys and Dancer is certainly that. Rolling muscles that would put Dwayne ‘the Rock’ Johnson to shame. He’s black too. There’s something about black guys you like - apart from the obvious tendency to have large cocks. It probably stems back to the cop who used to come to the fairground. You’d tried to pickpocket him once but he’d caught you and cuffed you. There was only one way you were going to get out of that and you’d offered a trade. After you’d kept her word, he kept his, though there had been something about the way he’d had control over you, especially when you’d been cuffed. After that you began to play interesting games of cops and robbers. You even cuffed him once. You enjoyed having him completely at your mercy. You smile at the memory. And this one is completely at your mercy too. He’s on his knees, chained with his powerful arms apart; there are chains around his ankles too with heavy padlocks, and a collar that is holding him against the wall. He’s blindfolded and there is a huge red ball gag in his mouth. You can’t help wondering what he’s done to end up here but there is nothing to explain it. You briefly wonder if the keys to his bonds are around somewhere. Finding them and releasing him so he could pull the sleigh would piss Charlotte off if nothing else. However, all you can see is one small key that looks as if it fits a small padlock…like the one on…his cock cage! Thank you, God! *If you want to try the key, continue reading. If not, go on to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24).* The key fits. Thank you, God! I promise that when I get out of here I’ll go to confession. You undo the cage and remove it from his cock which immediately begins to stir at your touch. You begin to get an idea why he might be here being punished. You stand up and undo his blindfold. He blinks and looks up at you, his eyes seeking your face and then dropping to your breasts. He smiles broadly around the gag. It occurs to you that all the reindeer have neat little A or B cups, nothing to compare with your double-Fs. The elves you’ve seen are the same. He must think Christmas has come early especially when he leans forward to nuzzle them and you let him. ‘Want me to take this off?’ you ask, pulling on the straps of your bra. He nods enthusiastically and you reach behind you to undo the clasp. He clearly enjoys this and rubs the gag against one of your nipples. You allow him to do this for a few moments then pull his head in between your breasts to enjoy them more fully. As he does so, you reach round and undo his gag. ‘Thang you.’ He says. ‘I’fe been her quide a while.’ He tips his head from side to side and works his jaw. ‘That’s better.’ He looks at your breasts. ‘You’re not a typical elf.’ ‘I’m up here,’ you tell him. With an effort he looks up from your breasts. ‘Sorry, I really have been here a long time and I don’t get to see…that sort of thing…’ he nods towards your breasts, ‘very often.’ ‘Would you like to see them more closely?’ ‘That would be very nice.’ You lean in but when he goes towards your nipple you back off quickly and he misses. ‘What’s in it for me?’ you ask. ‘I’d have thought that was obvious, my copper headed goddess,’ he says looking down. You follow his gaze and understand why the cock cage was so large. You smile, bend and kiss him full on the lips. After that, there’s no stopping you. After a bit of tonsil hockey, where you rub your breasts against him and press yourself against his very large erection, you let him kiss and lick your breasts. He hasn’t shaved for a few days and the stubble is almost as good on your nipples as the buzz of your implants. When you’re feeling ready, you stand up and slide out of your knickers. His cock twitches and he arches forward in his chains. ‘Not yet, big boy,’ you tease. ‘I need some attention first.’ He grins up at you. ‘For a lady like you, it will be a pleasure.’ He presses his face into your sex and you feel his tongue rake over your sex eagerly. ‘Hey.’ You pull his head away. ‘There’s no rush.’ You pause. ‘And I thought I was a goddess.’ ‘Indeed there is no need to rush. And you are a goddess.’ He pushes his tongue between your legs again, more gently this time. ‘Oh, good boy.’ He is good and thorough and when your first orgasm hits, you pull his face hard against you. ‘So is it my turn now, my goddess of the copper hair?’ ‘I think you’ve earned it.’ You drop to your knees and kiss the tip of his now drooling cock, then lick it and finally stretch your mouth around it. It’s probably the biggest thing you’ve ever taken in your mouth. He moans in pleasure and you feel him continue to drool into your mouth. ‘It has been a long time,’ you say, releasing his tip. ‘Shall we make this special?’ ‘I’d like that, Goddess.’ You slide up over his thighs, spreading your legs. You have to kneel right up to get his cock under your slit then, holding onto his shaft, you lower yourself onto him inch by inch. ‘I hope there’s enough room.’ You hold onto him, looking into his eyes as you continue to impale yourself. He’s huge and it feels soooo good. You’re not sure you’ve ever been filled like this before - not by a real cock, at least. Some of the dildos you’ve taken have been this size but probably not as long. You can’t resist kissing him to thank him for being so big and so hard and inside you - every inch of him is exciting you in ways you can barely describe. Most of your relationships are based on sex and you suddenly realise that, if he’s not a murderer, you could probably fall in love with a man like this - especially if he treats you as a goddess. ‘Ohhhhh!’ You can’t help whimpering as he fills you up. Your pussy is throbbing and your sex feels so hot that it might catch fire. When his cock twitches you think you're going to cum and hold on so tightly with your pelvic muscles that he lets out a whimper. ‘There’s no rush,’ you remind him. ‘No, Goddess.’ There might not be any rush but Dancer has been in chains and chastity for sometime and you are becoming almost as hot with need. He whimpers again and you look into his eyes. This one is definitely a keeper. ‘Ready?’ you ask. ‘Yes, my goddess.’ You begin to ride him, sliding up and down his huge cock, enjoying its length and its girth. Your pleasure builds and you can see his doing the same. When he cums you can’t hold back and a feeling of pure ecstasy bursts out from your loins to engulf you with every spasm of his cock so that when it passes, you find yourself with your head slumped on his shoulder and your arms wrapped tightly around him. ‘Thank you,’ you whisper. ‘A pleasure, my goddess.’ You snuggle against him enjoying an overwhelming sensation of fullness and satisfaction. ‘Should we do that again?’ You ask as your strength returns. ‘I think you probably have to go,’ he tells you, ‘the reindeer were called a while back.’ ‘Oh yes.’ You remember now. ‘But do I get to see you again?’ ‘Maybe.’ He grins at you. ‘But we have met before.’ ‘Before?’ You sit up and feel his cock twitch in response. ‘Surely you remember me.’ His cock twitches and he throws back his head and howls. You remember now. ’You were the werewolf.’ You squeeze his cock. ‘Wait, is this bigger?’ ‘One of the advantages of VR.’ You look at him, trying to see the werewolf’s face but failing. ‘What do you really look like?’ ‘This is pretty much me.’ He gestures with his head. You frown. ’You weren’t my pony boy too, were you?’ ‘Oh, that.’ He shakes his head. ‘That was a guy called Joel, a punter. Won a competition to be in the show.’ He looks at you intently. ‘Wish it had been me though.’ ‘What’s your name?’ ‘Dancer.’ ‘Your real name.’ ‘Oh no. I’m really not allowed to tell you that. I’ve probably gone too far already.’ ‘Ok.’ You kiss him. ‘But I really hope I bump into you again.’ ‘Me too.’ Reluctantly, you slide off his cock, feeling suddenly very empty. ‘Should I gag you again?’ ‘Only if you must.’ ‘I’ll leave it.’ You turn to go. ‘Tiffany!’ He calls as you start to walk away. You turn back and he beckons you with a gesture of his head. You lean in. ‘Gabriel,’ he whispers, ‘my name is Gabriel.’ You smile and kiss the top of his head. ‘See you again, Gabriel.’ You whisper then you turn and go, bending to pick up your discarded bra and knickers as you leave to ensure he has a perfect view of your aching pussy. *Go on to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24).* CHAPTER 24 You are nearly ready to depart. With Charlotte harnessed by Dasher, Prancer by Vixen, Comet by Cupid and Donner by Blizen, Priya takes the reins while Isabel and Tiffany sit in the back seat under a blanket. Before you go you need to enter the coordinates of your destination into the sleigh’s guidance system. Unfortunately, (in good escape room fashion) the system has become corrupted and the destinations/courses are mixed up. You have a choice: * Destination 1: second star to the right and straight on until morning * Destination 2: over the rainbow * Destination 3: the land where it’s always winter and never Christmas * Destination 4: down the rabbit hole As you decide, Priya gives the magic whistle (as per ’Twas the Night Before Christmas’ - He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle, and away they all flew like the down of a thistle’). The reindeer leaps into the sky and the world rushes below. As soon as you have selected your destination you can settle back (except in the case of Charlotte) and enjoy the ride. If you decide to go to the ‘second star to the right and straight on until morning’ go to [CHAPTER 25](#CHAPTER-25). If you decide to go to ‘over the rainbow’ go to [CHAPTER 26](#CHAPTER-26). If you decide to go to ‘where it’s always winter and never Christmas’ go to [CHAPTER 27](#CHAPTER-27). If you decide to go to ‘down the rabbit hole’ go to [CHAPTER 28](#CHAPTER-28). CHAPTER 25 The sleigh travels towards the second star to the right and, when dawn comes, bumps down on a beach where a gang of rough boys surprises you. You start to run away but end up face to face with a gang of pirates, the leader of which has a hook in place of a right hand. The pirates overpower you, tie you up and take you to their ship. *Go to [EPILOGUE 3](#EPILOGUE-3).* CHAPTER 26 The sleigh flies into the sky, skimming along the arc of a rainbow. All is going well until you come into land and the sleigh knocks over a woman with green skin in a pointy hat. You climb out of the sleigh and Isabel tries some first aid but it is clear the woman is dead. A mob of small people surrounds you. They seem very pleased that the woman, obviously a witch, is dead and even sing a song about it. However, they do have very strict laws and they put you in chains and throw you in jail. *Go to [EPILOGUE 4](#EPILOGUE-4).* CHAPTER 27 The sleigh touches down in snow and you come to a halt beside a lamppost. A fawn appears (half man half goat) and invites you to his home for supper. To cut a long story short, he drugs you and, when you wake up, you’re all tied up. *Go to [EPILOGUE 5](#EPILOGUE-5).* CHAPTER 28 *Which character are you?* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 28CS](#CHAPTER-28CS)* * *As Isabel, go to [CHAPTER 28IS](#CHAPTER-28IS)* * *As Priya, go to [CHAPTER 28PP](#CHAPTER-28PP)* * *As Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 28TT](#CHAPTER-28TT)* CHAPTER 28CS Flying is like sex! It’s better than sex! It is sex and flying combined and being one of Santa’s reindeer in harness with antlers and a kinky tail and bells tinkling on your nipples. You could do this forever! You thought the harness was stimulating when your first put it on but now you’re up in the sky it seems to have come alive, caressing and teasing your body, like static electricity running over your skin stimulating every nerve ending, every erogenous zone; and then there are the magic bells in your nipples that are teasing them mercilessly and the tail and the magic boots and the bridle and you love having a bit between your teeth. You were born to be a pony or a reindeer, or maybe a unicorn; you don’t mind which, born to run in harness looking beautiful, your blonde hair streaming behind as you run on a carpet of fairy-dust, your gorgeous body sparkling as you take your place among other beautiful creatures. Above you the stars sparkle and it is as if you dance among them, as if, should you choose, you could fly all the way to the moon, the edge of the solar system, the galaxy. Below you the world speeds by: frozen wastes, ocean with leaping whales and dolphins, mountain ranges where you soar among eagles and plains where great herds of zebra and antelope and all kinds of other animals run beneath you. You feel at one with them and yet you pity them - it is only you and your fellow reindeer and the eagles that soar above the world. And, when you finally reach the rolling hills and grasses and fields that you know are the home of the Easter Bunny, you feel like you cannot bear to stop. You fight the reins as Priya tries to guide you down until you feel the whip on your haunches and are dragged from the sky by the power of the other reindeer. *Go on to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29).* CHAPTER 28IS The ride is exciting and you still wish you could have been a reindeer but what’s done is done and you do have the pleasure of watching eight hot reindeer girls dancing on fair-dust as you soar across the heavens. It is cold and the snow flurries around you but you snuggle against Tiffany under the warm blanket in the back of the sleigh. Tiffany is clearly enjoying the ride too. ‘Where did you get to?’ you ask as you soar over a sparkling ocean where dolphins porpoise and sail boats run before the wind. ‘Get to?’ Tiffany asks, her voice swept away by the wind. ‘Yes, earlier,’ you say with a slight smirk. ‘Nowhere.’ ‘Then why are your knickers inside out?’ Good observational skills are such an asset. Even in the chill of the wind you can feel her blush. She takes a breath. ’I had an…assignation,’ she confides with more than a degree of pleasure. ‘Oh, yes.’ Isabel Schwarz was never previously one to be drawn in by scandal but somehow things are different now. ‘Better than your wolf boy?’ you ask. ‘Just as good,’ Tiffany says. Then she looks around as if you might be overheard flying over an ocean in a magical sleigh. ‘His name is Gabriel.’ You smile and nudge her. ‘Hung like a donkey?’ You can’t resist asking. ‘Oh, yes.’ You giggle and hold Tiffany close for warmth and for comradeship and just for the joy if it until the sleigh begins to descend. *Go on to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29).* CHAPTER 28PP You whistle and flick the reins and the reindeer leap into the air. There’s some sort of magical forcefield over the hanger entrance but the reindeer simply plunge straight through it and suddenly you are outside under the stars. The air is freezing and snow is falling but somehow you are not cold, just exhilarated. Driving Isabel and Charlotte when you were the farmer at the country show was fun but this is another level entirely. Eight gorgeous reindeer girls obedient to your command pulling a magic sleigh in the sky. It is the stuff of dreams. You hope aunt Jaganmayee is watching; she will be so envious. You will have to mention this to her at every family gathering from now on, how you drove magic reindeer in the sky. Having such control is just so exciting. You like being tied up but this is probably better. Everyone knows about this now so you may as well make the most of it. You can embrace the BDSM lifestyle and you will explore dominance. Next time you meet Professor Kink, he’d better be on his guard! *Go on to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29).* CHAPTER 28TT The sleigh ride is magical but part of you just wants to be back the Dancer/Gabriel/your hot werewolf lover. You watch the reindeer galloping across the sky and Priya shaking the reins to encourage them. You are aware of Isabel next to you. You wish it was Priya. You can confide in Priya. To some degree, you’re both outsiders: the black face and the girl from the slums there on a scholarship. Then you feel Isabel snuggle closer. How she has changed since she came here. It’s almost as if Kink has actually done her a service. You recall the awkward interview for a place on her escape room team. She seemed so intelligent then, so far above you and you were desperate to prove yourself. You were the first in your family to get to an Ivy League college and you were damn well going to make your mark. You barely had any idea of what an escape room was but you were damn well going to be on the team. And here she is, Miss Ivory Tower, just as human as you, just as vulnerable; displaying just as many needs and as in need of sex and love and relationships as you are. When she snuggles against you, you can’t resist putting an arm round her bony shoulders and pulling her against you. How can anyone, you wonder, keep themselves that thin? It must be all the nervous energy she burns off. You might not be very fond of Charlotte but you feel, inch by inch, you are coming to like her even if all she stands for is an anathema to you. And, most importantly, she is making Isabel happy…and more human. You probably should have acted sooner but what could you have done save kidnap them, tie them up together and make them work it out. That’s when Isabel leans in and asks you what you’ve been up to. You can still feel the presence of Gabriel between your legs. The Isabel Schwarz you once knew would never have asked that. And when she tells you your knickers are inside out you want to laugh out loud even as you blush furiously and tell her every intimate detail of your encounter with the man you intend to marry. *Go on to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29).* CHAPTER 29 The sleigh bumps down on a field of rolling green grass, yellow buttercups and purple clover. There are butterflies fluttering among the flowers and birds singing. White fluffy clouds hover in a blue sky where a yellow sun shines brightly. There are bunny rabbits everywhere or, more accurately, bunny girls, hopping around; pink bunny rabbits with two legs and long ears; they are dressed in pink leotards; they have little white fluffy tails and they have to hop around because their legs are strapped together. Their arms are strapped tightly behind them too and most of them wear pink ball gags. Isabel and Tiffany climb out of the sleigh and in the time it takes for Priya to free Charlotte, you are surrounded by hopping pink bondage bunny girls eager to offer you chocolate eggs from the baskets that hang from their nipples and bounce up and down as they hop. *If you want to chase the bunnies away go to [CHAPTER 30](#CHAPTER-30).* *If you want to run away go to [CHAPTER 32](#CHAPTER-32).* *If you want to take a chocolate egg (the baskets do look quite heavy and some of the girls have very sore looking nipples) go to [CHAPTER 33](#CHAPTER-33).* *If you want to say ‘take me to your leader’ go to [CHAPTER 34](#CHAPTER-34).* CHAPTER 30 You try to chase the bunnies away but they are as persistent as they are cute. *If you want to try more aggressive tactics go to [CHAPTER 31](#CHAPTER-31).* *If you want to try another tactic go back to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29) and choose again.* CHAPTER 31 Priya takes the whip from the sleigh and uses it to drive the bunnies away. Things turn ugly and before you know it, you are overwhelmed by angry pink bunny girls who succeed in overpowering you by sheer weight of numbers. The bunny police arrive. These are kick ass bouncer type bunnies although they still dress in pink. They are not restrained but they quickly restrain you and drag you off *Go to [EPILOGUE 6](#EPILOGUE-6).* CHAPTER 32 You start to run and after some time manage to outpace the bunnies who have to hop after you because their ankles are strapped together. Before you pass out of sight of them, you are surprised how much noise they were making towards the end as they hopped after you - mewling and whimpering and gasping. If you didn’t know they were cuddly bunny rabbits, you’d think they were having an orgy. As you stop to rest you see a hole in the ground with a sign saying ‘Secret back entrance to the Easter Bunny’s Lair’. Naturally, you go inside and find yourselves in a tunnel that leads down. You follow the tunnel passing the occasional bunny hopping along but as they pass, they don’t seem to notice you. Finally, you come to a sign marked ‘Cells’ and follow this. You pass a number of doors of what might be cells but look more like kinky play rooms: a rubber themed room, a leather one, one in red velvet…. Finally you come to a stone cell and see Santa chained to the wall inside. The key is hanging outside and you unlock the door. When you enter, you see that the chains holding him are paper chains. You rip them and all run back through the tunnels to the sleigh. Santa jumps in and Charlotte takes her place beside Dasher as the rest of you jump into the sleigh behind him. Then you fly back to Santa's Sex Toy Factory. It all seems a bit easy really. You may have Santa but you don’t have his elves and without them, the naughty little boys and girls won’t be getting their presents. Needless to say, Santa’s a bit pissed off at your bungled escape plan. *Go to [EPILOGUE 7](#EPILOGUE-7).* CHAPTER 33 The bunnies are overjoyed that you will eat the eggs. The chocolate is sooo good - almost as good as sex. As you eat it, you look round at all those gorgeous bunny girls in their pink ears and pink leotards in their tight bondage and yearn to be one of them. *Go to [EPILOGUE 8](#EPILOGUE-8).* CHAPTER 34 *Which character are you?* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 34CS](#CHAPTER-34CS)* * *As Isabel, go to [CHAPTER 34IS](#CHAPTER-34IS)* * *As Priya, go to [CHAPTER 34PP](#CHAPTER-34PP)* * *As Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 34TT](#CHAPTER-34TT)* CHAPTER 34CS You’re still on a high from the sleigh ride and smile as Isabel says ‘Take me to your leader’. Honestly, that girl is so deliciously geeky, you could eat her up. Chocolate! If there’s something you love as much as Isabel, it’s chocolate - and being a pony-reindeer girl. You’ve just been freed from your harness and restraints and you’ve just pulled Santa’s sleigh, you deserve chocolate. Before anyone can stop you, you reach out and take an egg from the basket that hangs from the nipples of the nearest bunny girl. It’s the most delicious chocolate you’ve ever eaten! Before you know it you’ve taken another egg and are stuffing it into your mouth. You turn towards Isabel to tell her how wonderful it is and how she must try it but as you try to reach out your arm you find you can’t, it’s being pulled behind you and so is your other one. In a moment, your arms are pinned together behind your back and as you look down you see the straps of a single sleeve snaking over your shoulders pulling them back, forcing out their breasts. Then your nipples harden, jutting out with an increasing sensation of arousal. Something creeps over your breasts, turning them pink as your torso is encased in a pink leotard; fishnet stockings form over your legs. Then something slithers around your neck, a pink leather collar and you can’t look down anymore. You try to cry out but the chocolate is turning into a huge ball gag that fills your mouth. Then you can feel long ears forming on your head and then something pushes in from behind giving you a little fluffy white tail. Then there are the high heeled ankle boots and ankle hobble. Being bunnified like this is almost as good as being a reindeer - or a pony. Then you really feel something pushing inside you, something huge, pushing up between your legs. Something that will satisfy your cravings - just like chocolate. The bunnies around you seem to sense the change and begin to jump up and down. You join in and discover why the bunnies like to jump around so enthusiastically. You hop again and feel the huge thing inside you move. You probably should tell Isabel about it but you’re gagged and, quite frankly, you’re having too much fun. You are vaguely aware of Isabel asking you and your fellow bunnies to take her to your leader. You are excited by this as Isabel will probably eat some chocolate at some point and join you and you will now get to meet the Easter Bunny. *Go to [CHAPTER 35](#CHAPTER-35).* CHAPTER 34IS It’s obvious eating a chocolate egg will turn you into a bunny girl - that’s what happened to Santa’s elves. Who would fall for that? There are times when, as leader of the team you have to step up to the mark. You step forward, raise your hand for silence and say ‘take me to your leader’. There is a rush of excitement among the bunnies and they all swirl about you. You look round and to check everyone is still with you and realise that Charlotte hasn’t twigged the egg transformation thing and you can only watch as she eats an egg and is bunnified - arms pulled back in a pink single sleeve, pink leotard, fishnets, little pink booties, fluffy ears, large gag… You roll your eyes. To be honest you only picked her because you fancied her and it would give the escape room team some kudos to have the cheerleader captain as one of your number. On the other hand, she is cute. Very cute. You watch as she hops up and down and realise there is something going on there. That look in her eyes tells you she’s excited about something but the gag is too big for her to tell you anything. Oh well, these things usually work out - and now you have an excuse to punish her some more when you get the chance. The bunnies are moving off and you start to follow, reminded again that you are wearing a thong that is designed to tease you and those lovely nipple tassels. Though you try, it’s hard not to show you’re enjoying it. *Go to [CHAPTER 35](#CHAPTER-35).* CHAPTER 34PP The bunnies seem interested in you in your black leather coat and boots and the whip you are carrying. They’re clearly all very submissive and are obviously turned on by the sight of you. You hear Isabel say ‘take me to your leader’ and can’t help rolling your eyes. You wonder how many Sci-Fi movies the geekess has watched. And to think, you could have been the leader of the ER girls! On the bright side, there is your relationship with Kink! You’ve more or less forgiven him for that prison escapade. Is there a chance the family will let you marry him if you study diligently and get your law degree? Oh no! You sigh. I can’t believe the blonde bimbo has eaten a chocolate egg and is now hopping round like a demented fairy. If you’d been in charge, you’d have gone for Te Ling as your fourth. A couple of bunny girls are kneeling at your feet now, clearly desperate to lick your shiny black boots but the others are moving off so you shoo them away and start to follow the crowd. *Go to [CHAPTER 35](#CHAPTER-35).* CHAPTER 34TT Surrounded by all these bunny girls you can’t help wondering if there are bunny boys. You think back fondly to Gabriel. There just aren’t enough cocks in this place. You notice Isabel saying something about taking us to your leader and wonder if you really should have joined the geekess’ team. Yet there is something about this magical place and you feel happy and relaxed. You don’t even roll your eyes when Charlotte takes a chocolate egg and eats it turning herself into a bunny girl in the process. *Go to [CHAPTER 35](#CHAPTER-35).* CHAPTER 35 You arrive at the warren of the Easter Bunny and find the bunny queen in her throne room. She’s even more impressive in the flesh, a hugely voluptuous BBG who’s utterly gorgeous in her habitual bubble-gum pink; a rubber bustier that stretches across her massive breasts so thinly it looks as if it’s about to rip at any moment and a pair of matching knickers. She reclines on her throne (obviously made of chocolate) with her pink thigh-booted legs resting on the back of a slave who kneels at her feet bound in tight leather. Around her hundreds of bunny girls hop up and down in a mix of excitement and sexual frenzy. She acknowledges you with a languid wave and asks why you have come to her kingdom. *If you want to rush her and try to seize the throne go to [CHAPTER 36](#CHAPTER-36).* *If you believe in diplomacy and want to kowtow then ask her nicely to release Santa, go to [CHAPTER 37](#CHAPTER-37).* CHAPTER 36 You rush at her but are soon surrounded by angry bunnies who flock to the defence of their queen. They may be bound and gagged and unable to use their arms but there are an awful lot of them and you are soon overwhelmed. *Go to [EPILOGUE 9](#EPILOGUE-9).* CHAPTER 37 The Easter Bunny smiles in amusement as you ask her to release Santa and return his elves to their original form. You explain that if you don’t all the naughty boys and girls won’t get their much deserved presents. ‘Alright,’ she says. ‘But one of you must challenge me to Death by Chocolate and, if you fail, you must stay here and be transformed into bunny girls and live as my subjects like your companion here.’ Will you accept the challenge? *If you want to accept the challenge go on to [CHAPTER 38](#CHAPTER-38).* *If you think diplomacy has failed it’s a good time to rush her go back to [CHAPTER 36](#CHAPTER-36).* CHAPTER 38 You must choose your Death by Chocolate champion. *If you choose Charlotte go to [CHAPTER 39](#CHAPTER-39).* *If you choose Isabel go to [CHAPTER 40](#CHAPTER-40).* *If you choose Priya go to [CHAPTER 41](#CHAPTER-41).* *If you choose Tiffany go to [CHAPTER 45](#CHAPTER-45).* CHAPTER 39 Charlotte has been bunnified, she’s in no condition to fight even if she wanted to and, when the suggestion is made becomes quite agitated, jumping up and down then throwing herself at her mistress’ pink booted feet. *You’re getting a FORFEIT for this decision - I want you naked, in nipple clamps or pegs and with your wrists and ankles tied or cuffed. When you’ve done this go back to [CHAPTER 38](#CHAPTER-38) and make a more sensible choice.* CHAPTER 40 *Isabel is the fighter, but which character are you?* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 40CS](#CHAPTER-40CS)* * *As Isabel, go to [CHAPTER 40IS](#CHAPTER-40IS)* * *As Priya or Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 40PPTT](#CHAPTER-40PPTT)* CHAPTER 40CS You’re horrified that your best friend and lover is betraying you and attacking your queen. You become very agitated and begin to jump up and down squeaking into your gag. You have to be consoled by your fellow bunnies which takes your mind off it as the duel begins. You’re dimly aware of Isabel getting her ass kicked and having to go down on your queen in front of everyone. You’re also hugely jealous that you’re not part of this. You hop forward but are held back by Priya and Tiffany. This time, Charlotte isn’t getting what Charlotte wants. You pout around your pink ball gag but as you jump up and down in frustration you are reminded of the pleasures of being a bunny girl and your mind drifts off to more pleasurable things. After a string of orgasms you open your eyes to see that Priya and Tiffany are bunnies too. The three of you happily hop away together. A few days later you are joined by Isabel. *Go to [EPILOGUE 10](#EPILOGUE-10).* CHAPTER 40IS You are the team leader and it is your role to step up. You’re not sure exactly what Death by Chocolate is but you should be able to handle it. The Easter Bunny removes her feet from the back of her slave and begins to undress indicating you should do the same. You’re a little surprised to find that the nipple tassels come off so easily and try to hide the kick this gives your nipples as they are removed. You slide off the thong too - somewhat reluctantly. And those boots, you love ballet boots - you’re going to have to buy a pair when you get home (and have Charlotte lick them clean regularly). Once you are naked the crowd parts and you see a large pool of molten chocolate. It soon becomes clear that Death by Chocolate is essentially naked girl on girl (or girl on bunny) mud-wrestling. You look up at Mistress Bunny who’s at least a head taller than you even without her ears and at least double your weight - probably nearer three times. It’s a bloodbath - or rather a chocolate bath. In less than two minutes you’re face down in molten chocolate with a two hundred and fifty pound bunny on your back. All you can do is tap out. You submit and are dragged unceremoniously out of the chocolate, put in chains and find yourself on your knees in front of the throne where you’re forced to lick the coating of chocolate from your new queen. You’ve become the new royal footstool and sex toy - at least until the next one comes along. On the bright side, licking pussy coated in chocolate is not as unpleasant at all and if you close your eyes, you can imagine it’s Charlotte. You make a mental note to try this with your blonde lover when you finally escape - though plan to coat your breasts and sex in chocolate and have Charlotte do the licking. You’re a little sorry that you’ve failed the naughty boys and girls and let down your team but as Priya and Tiffany are swiftly forced to eat chocolate eggs and turn into pink bunny girls, you get the impression they’re not that unhappy about the ending. After a few days, Mistress Bunny tires of your tongue and turns you into one of her bunnies. You hop off to find your friends realising just how much fun it is to be a bunny girl. *Go to [EPILOGUE 10](#EPILOGUE-10).* CHAPTER 40PPTT You’re impressed as Isabel steps up. You’re pretty sure that this is going to be some sort of physical challenge. You’d probably have chosen Charlotte if that had been possible but, as she’s currently a mindless bondage bunny girl, Isabel seems to be a reasonable choice. You’re not prepared for exactly what Death by Chocolate involves and, when you realise it’s the equivalent of naked mud wrestling done in liquid chocolate, you know already that you’re going to end up bunnified. You start to say that it would be better if one of you took on the Easter Bunny but then Charlotte starts kicking off and you’re forced to restrain her and, by the time you’ve got her under control, Isabel and the Queen are both naked and wading into the bath of liquid chocolate. It’s a bit of a car-crash. Isabel keeps her distance but once the bunny queen gets hold of her, it’s all over. You can both wince as she takes a couple of body slams and then Mistress Bunny gets her in a pile-driver. After that it’s a splash - literally - as a dazed Isabel takes it full in the face from the buxom bunny’s huge breasts. After that, you can only watch as your leader is held down in molten chocolate until she submits and is then dragged out, put in chains and forced to clean the BBB (Big beautiful Bunny) with her tongue. Something you think she seems to be enjoying more than she should be. Charlotte kicks off again, apparently feeling she’s missing out on the attentions of Isabel’s tongue or wanting to be kneeling in her place showing homage to her voluptuous Bunny queen. Then easter eggs are stuffed in your mouths and you find yourself changing into bunny girls, tightly restrained, gagged and, surprisingly, penetrated by a pair of very persuasive dildos that make the whole experience extremely pleasurable. You now see why all the bunnies are so happy despite being kept in bondage and made to hop everywhere. In fact, with the dildos, you’d probably want to hop everywhere even if your ankles weren’t tied together. You forget your ER mission and happily hop off with Charlotte to be joined a few days later by Isabel. *Go to [EPILOGUE 10](#EPILOGUE-10).* CHAPTER 41 *Priya is the fighter, but which character are you?* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 41CS](#CHAPTER-41CS)* * *As Isabel or Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 41ISTT](#CHAPTER-41ISTT)* * *As Priya, go to [CHAPTER 41PP](#CHAPTER-41PP)* CHAPTER 41CS You’re rooting for your leader, of course, but a small part of you still recalls that Priya is on your side too. It causes a bit of confusion in your little bunny brain as the two adversaries climb into a wrestling ring. There’s quite a lot of posturing and you jump up and down in excitement cheering round your gag as they strip for action. Then, you get even more excited as you realise they are wrestling in liquid chocolate and, as they go at it like titans, they splash liquid chocolate over each other and everyone else in the process. You wish you weren’t gagged as you watch your fellow bunnies start to lick the delicious chocolate off the floor and each other but are soon consoled when some of them start to lick it off you too. Although you feel the pain of defeat when Mistress Bunny succumbs, your little bunny brain doesn’t mind that Priya is your new queen and you jump up and down excitedly inducing multiple orgasms in celebration until she releases you from your bunnified state. *Go to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* CHAPTER 41ISTT You watch as Priya steps up. Death by chocolate appears to involve some sort of wrestling completion - in chocolate! Sizewise, Priya’s definitely at a disadvantage but you vaguely recall that Priya was a wrestling captain at school - just like she was captain of pretty much everything else. She assumed she would be escape room captain too and seemed pretty unhappy when Isabel got the job. She nearly refused to join as part of Isabel’s team. Charlotte still doesn’t trust her but so far she’s always come through for you. However, you both had a nagging feeling that there is something going on between her and Kink. Whatever the truth, it’s a moot point. She’s hardly going to give in to Mistress Bunny and she might just win. Which presumably would make her Queen Bunny. What might that do to her? There’s no doubt she’s ambitious. You shrug - there’s nothing you can do but support your teammate as the spectacle unfolds. It’s just like pro-wrestling but a bit messier because of the chocolate ring with cheering crowds (even if they are all bunnies) and a lot of posturing. Priya does quite well until she takes a basketball size breast in the kisser - something that makes even Tiffany wince. Then the whole thing descends into naked mud-wrestling or, in this case, naked chocolate wrestling. You both roll your eyes realising the whole thing is being live-streamed although, it’s hardly the kinkiest thing that’s happened so far. As the chocolate splashes around you try not to eat any in case you are transformed into bunny girls. The bunnies around you, of course, aren’t worried about this and start to lick it off each other and you so that soon there are half a dozen sexy pink bunnies running their tongues over your bodies and pulling at your clothes to get at the chocolate that has got inside them. Although they’re bound, you’re in danger of being overwhelmed and as they probe more deeply with their tongues (it’s amazing the intimate spots chocolate will reach - just like sand on the beach) you begin to lose focus. Then suddenly Priya has won and all the bunnies are bouncing up and down cheering her. That’s when all your doubts about Priya come back. *If you think Priya is capable of double-crossing you go to [CHAPTER 44](#CHAPTER-44).* *If you have faith in your teammate go to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* CHAPTER 41PP You step forwards letting the coils of your whip fall. When you thought of trying dominance, you hadn’t realised your skills as a dominatrix would be tested quite so soon. The bunny queen rises to meet you and gestures towards what appears to be a wrestling ring. As you watch she leaps up onto the ropes and waves to her bunny followers who bounce up and down in excitement. With a dramatic flourish she tosses off her long pink robe and throws it into the excited crowd. A large sign illuminates behind her ‘Mistress Bunny’ and a silhouette of the Big Beautiful Bunny with a whip. She removes her crown and tosses it onto the crowd who cheer but are unable to catch it because they are all in tight bondage. Fortunately, Isabel is there. The crowd begin to chant ‘Bun-ny..bun-ny…bun-ny’, those who are gagged crying ‘ung-e…ung-e…ung-e’. She certainly has the advantage of the home crowd and, satisfied she has their full attention, she bends and picks up a whip like yours then she looks down at you and all eyes turn towards you. Some sort of show is clearly required. You’ve seen the wrestling shows. At least they haven’t mentioned your fighting weight - Aunt Jaganmayee would tut and shake her head at what you’ve let happen to your body. Young Indian girls are supposed to be slim - until they get a husband, at least. You nod to Isabel and Tiffany who seem to understand the vibe and you strut round the ring with your entourage of sexy elves - Tiffany in her green lingerie and Isabel looking surprisingly foxy in her red nipple tassels and thong and wearing her little red cowl with its white fur trim. In your corner, you climb up into the ring, surprised to find the floor of the ring is made of chocolate. Tiffany takes your coat and Isabel your hat. There is complete (and very obviously, hostile) silence. Then you face Mistress Bunny and the pair of you walk deliberately towards each other until you are more or less nose to nose, eyeball to eyeball, each trying to stare the other down. ‘I’m ready if you are, rodent,’ you say, ensuring only she can hear the last word. You see her eyes widen in anger and her face darken. The moment the bell rings, she lashes out with the whip and you have to duck back quickly to avoid being struck. She flicks the whip again but you are ready and catch it in your gloved hand, flicking out your own whip to open a rip in her bubble gum pink bustiere which splits further under the pressure of her huge breasts. As the match continues, you trade blows from the whip until Mistress Bunny’s top is hanging on by tiny threads of torn rubber which finally burst, spilling her huge breasts. The rubber recoils and pings past you into the crowd like an elastic band snapping. Mistress Bunny is angry now. Somehow, you seem to have got the better of her. The two of you continue to strut round the ring in your heels trading lashes of the whip. She has a number of wounds from your whip across her breasts, belly and thighs, her rubber knickers are ripped too. She’s still glaring at you and you watch as she tosses the whip away then deliberately rips the remains of her knickers off. Then, she beckons you in. You toss your own whip aside and shrug out of your harness leaving you in just the thigh boots. If she wants to wrestle, you’re more than up for the challenge. It’s a little bit of a surprise when the chocolate floor of the ring melts but you are undaunted. You merely roll your eyes. You’re disappointed. You don’t mind a bit of blatant titillation but you really thought naked mud-wresting was outdated. On the other hand, you thought the same about bunny girls. Perhaps Western feminism hasn’t achieved all it claims. You close, taking up the referee’s hold with the bunny queen. She’s bigger and you and heavier but you won prizes for wrestling in your school, even beating some of the boys in the illicit bouts behind the bicycle sheds after hours. She tries to throw you but you twist, rolling under her and sending her splashing into the chocolate which erupts up around her and sloshes out of the ring. Outside the ring, a number of bunnies hop forwards and begin to lick it up. You both stand, both liberally coated in chocolate now and face each other again. She’s warier now, circling you in a wrestler’s crouch. When you close again, she manages to throw you but as she falls on you, you roll aside and she splashes harmlessly in the chocolate. The next time you close, you are both almost completely coated in chocolate and she is slippery in your grasp. Nevertheless, you twist her into an armlock and force her down. However, you can’t hold it and she slips free, delivering a forearm smash as she climbs to her feet. You reel back, seeing stars for a moment and she follows up with another forearm smash before bouncing you into the ropes. Forty five pounds of bunny mammary slams into your face and you reel and then you’re down in the pool of chocolate with her straddling your face. You want to tell her you prefer not to eat meat but you don’t have the breath for it. She thinks she has you but you reach up in a rather unorthodox move that involves slamming both hands against her breasts and making them bounce. The momentum is enough to unseat her and you take advantage of her loss of balance to throw her off. The two of you grapple again as you roll in the chocolate like two Playboy models performing in the mansion. You realise she’s trying to pin you down again which would not be good. If it’s not her pussy across her face you’ll either be drowned in chocolate or smothered by one of her huge breasts. You roll round catching her arms and flipping her over then you spring to your feet - no mean feet wearing 5 inch heels in slippery chocolate. As she stands you drop kick her and run to the ropes, bouncing back and stepping on her back as she lies in the chocolate. As you bounce off the ropes again, you see she is rising to stand and you catch her with a flying dropkick knocking her down. Seeing your chance, you leap on her and use her own tactics, straddling her face, recalling it’s not the first time you’ve done this. At school this technique was mostly to get lunch money from the scrawny white kids; since school you’ve found other advantages even if you’ve always had your knickers on. When she’s almost smothered you flip her onto her front and push her face down into the chocolate. There’s no more struggle in her and eventually she submits. You allow her to lift her head and gasp in a lungful of air. Then you take your whip and use it to bind her wrists and ankles before leaping onto the ropes as she is left squirming helplessly in the chocolate pool. There is complete silence for a moment and you fear that you will now have to deal with some three hundred angry bunnies. They might all be tied up but there are an awful lot of them. Then suddenly, there is cheering and a lot of hoping up and down and then all the bunnies fall to their knees acknowledging their new queen. You heave Mistress Bunny out of the chocolate and deposit her at your feet as you take your rightful place on the bunny throne surrounded by your cheering subjects. There’s no denying it feels good, especially when your loyal subjects (the ones who aren’t gagged) begin to lick the chocolate from your body. You realise you could get used to this. *Go to [CHAPTER 42](#CHAPTER-42).* CHAPTER 42 You have a choice to make: *If you want to continue with the plan to rescue Santa go on to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* *If you want to cast aside previous loyalties and remain here as undisputed queen of the bunny kingdom go to [CHAPTER 43](#CHAPTER-43).* CHAPTER 43 Charlotte always had her suspicions about you and it seems she was right. How could you betray your fellow escape room girls - betray the sisterhood - like this! You laugh evilly and turn your former friend, Tiffany (she was more of an acquaintance really) into a big breasted bunny girl alongside Charlotte. You have a special fate planned for Isabel. You have never forgiven her for getting the leadership of the escape room team over you, so you use her to replace Mistress Bunny’s current footstool, having Isabel strapped down on her back arched over a low wooden table with her arms tied to the legs. You have her gagged too. She is completely helpless like this and there is nothing the uptight little bitch can do to close her spread legs which leaves her pussy gaping. You set up a rota of bunny girls to lick at her pussy every hour enjoying her squeals of frustration when they stop just before she reaches orgasm. Then you rest your booted feet on her taut belly and enjoy your victory. *Go to [EPILOGUE 11](#EPILOGUE-11).* CHAPTER 44 You’re damn right she would! Before you know it, Tiffany is transformed into a big breasted bunny girl who nearly falls over if she bounces too enthusiastically, while Isabel becomes the new queen’s footstool. *Go to [EPILOGUE 12](#EPILOGUE-12).* CHAPTER 45 *Tiffany is the fighter, but which character are you?* * *As Charlotte, go to [CHAPTER 45CS](#CHAPTER-45CS)* * *As Isabel or Priya, go to [CHAPTER 45ISPP](#CHAPTER-45ISPP)* * *As Tiffany, go to [CHAPTER 45TT](#CHAPTER-45TT)* CHAPTER 45CS You're rooting for your leader, of course, but a small part of you still recalls that Tiffany is on your side too. It causes a bit of confusion in your little bunny brain. You’re even more confused when Mistress Bunny lets herself be locked in a pillory facing your friend as they are both fitted with enema nozzles. It’s quite a sight really, the two buxom women bet over nose to nose and clearly trading insults. You watch them both stand stoically as the first enema goes in recalling that Tiffany has done this before and seemed pretty familiar with it. They both squirm when the second one is brought and even pale skinned Tiffany seems paler than usual. The third one - chilli chocolate - has them sweating and, before it’s over, Mistress Bunny admits defeat. Along with your fellow bunnies, you bounce up and down in excitement to celebrate your new queen. *Go to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* CHAPTER 45ISPP You look at each other with relief when you discover exactly what the trial entails. If any one can do this, it’s Tiffany. You’ve already seen her in action in Kink’s Kinky Kingdom. It turns out ‘Death by Chocolate’ is a trial of enemas. You watch (both clenching your anal sphincters firmly) as the two contestants are locked in pillories facing each other and have enema tubes inserted into them. There seems to be a bit of needling going in and you’re sure Queen Bunny has just called Tiffany ‘Ginger’. You’ve seen how she responds to this insult before and it’s not pretty. Victory is pretty much in the bag unless Tiffany completely loses it, breaks out of the pillory and smashes Queen Bunny in the face. Fortunately, the pillories look pretty solid. You watch them take the first one, then the second noting how both contestants are going steadily paler and are beginning to sweat. The needling continues and then Tiffany plays her trump card - choosing chilli chocolate. It’s really not going to be pretty afterwards but you know she’s won. *Go to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* CHAPTER 45TT This is no time to leave it to amateurs. Tiffany Tease has been in enough scraps in her time and done enough challenges to know she’s the one for this and, if it does actually involve eating a mountain of chocolate, you’re up for it. What you’re not prepared for is chocolate enemas! You roll your eyes. Why do you always get the fucking enemas! Mistress Bunny’s leather clad palace guards bring out two pillories and you’re forced to bend over in one while the bunny queen allows herself to be locked in to the other. The way you’re positioned leaves you almost nose to nose with the buxom bunny. ‘Sure you’re up to this?’ The bunny taunts as the enema nozzle is inserted. ‘Anytime!’ Mistress Bunny smiles evilly. ‘Then let the contest begin.’ You feel the first enema flowing inside you. It’s not that bad, the chocolate is gently warm and, after all, it’s not the first time you’ve endured an enema. You’ve taken a few for your sex videos and you did one in Kink’s Kinky Kingdom. As the enema ends, you feel full but not too uncomfortable. ‘Still time to back out Ginger!’ Queen Bunny taunts. ‘If you can’t take it.’ ‘I’m fine,’ you tell her, repressing the urge to insult her back. ‘Shall we go for salted caramel this time?’ The bunny asks. ‘Best use for it,’ you say, dryly. The second enema is more of a strain and you are left bloated and cramping but it’s clear Mistress Bunny is in the same situation; she’s sweating and her cheeks are pink. ‘Your turn to choose.’ Mistress Bunny says and you hear the strain in her voice. *So dear reader - before the denouement I’m going to ask how much do you want to support your character? Are you willing to wear a butt plug for the rest of the ordeal? Maybe you’d like to wear it for the rest of the story. If you’ve got one and are conversant with anal play then I’m suggesting you put it in. If you don’t, don’t try anything else, you’ll only be the butt of jokes at the local ER when you have to go there to get whatever you used removed.* *On with the story…* You’re still smarting from the ‘ginger’ insult. You’re going to win this. You can probably take one more! You figure the Easter Bunny has probably never been in a chilli eating contest and certainly never had one eaten out of her pussy. ‘Hot chilli and ginger,’ you say, adding the ginger just to be spiteful. The bunny queen looks a little pale but nods to her leather clad lackeys who prepare another pair of enemas from hot chilli, grating in some ginger just for added spice. You really feel this one going in! Fuck! You’re not sure you can hold this…the cramps…the burning… You know you’re dripping with sweat but the bunny is in a far worse state and about three quarters of the way in, she yields. You take the rest of the enema just to prove you can! Then, after relieving yourself of the enema you are crowned the Bunny Queen. Pink robes, pink corset, pink lingerie. All you have to do is command that Santa be released and, after enjoying the foot worship of a couple of your subjects you do so. *Go on to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46).* CHAPTER 46 With all of you restored, more or less to your clothes, cleaned of chocolate and Charlotte returned to human form you find yourselves in the cells on the lower levels of the bunny warren. It’s not so much a prison, more a series of kinky playrooms. You pass a rubber themed room, a leather one, one in red velvet…. Finally you come to a stone cell and see Santa inside. The big guy is unmistakable even if he is wearing a gimp suit and chained to the wall. The bushy white beard is a bit of a giveaway and the fact that the gimp suit is red with white fur trim helps. His ‘Ho…ho…ho’ sounds a bit weird through a ball gag but it’s clear enough as is his ‘No…no…no’. You’ve assumed that he’ll be pleased to see you but in fact he’s rather enjoying himself and isn’t the slightest bit interested in early release from his kinky prison. Time is ticking by, it must be Christmas Eve by now and you can hardly force him to come with you if he doesn’t want to. Is this the end of your ER scenario? *You probably should admit defeat and go to [EPILOGUE 13](#EPILOGUE-13).* Alternatively, one of you could try to persuade him to change his mind. *If you want to give it one final try go on to [CHAPTER 47](#CHAPTER-47).* CHAPTER 47 Clearly all of you are as hot as each other so you’re all eager to try it on with the big guy (even if one of you is Jewish and another Hindu - there’s professional ER girl pride at stake here). * *Charlotte Scarlet - Go to [CHAPTER 48CS](#CHAPTER-48CS)* * *Isabel Schwarz - Go to [CHAPTER 48IS](#CHAPTER-48IS)* * *Priya Prince - Go to [CHAPTER 48PP](#CHAPTER-48PP)* * *Tiffany Tease - Go to [CHAPTER 48TT](#CHAPTER-48TT)* CHAPTER 48CS If naked cheerleading was an Olympic sport, you would be a gold medalist. The same is true for naked rhythmic gymnastics. However, what moves Charlotte Scarlett can do in these events would probably be outlawed anyway. The words cock-tease were invented to describe you - though it’s not always just teasing. Freed from the spell of bunnification and gloriously naked, you flip into Santa’s cell ensuring you spring over slowly so he gets the full benefit of that lush pink pussy opening like a rosebud in front of him before coyly dropping into splits to show just how wide you can spread your legs. Then you do that thing that hot girls do, biting their lip to show just how hot you are for him. You’ve spent the last hour or more surfing on a wave of orgasms with every hole stuffed and right at this moment, you’re feeling very empty. You want him inside you, you want anything inside you - you’d probably kill for one of his sex toys right now. As he watches, you’re up in a handstand in front of him opening your legs just out of his reach. ‘Don’t you want this,’ your body screams at him, ‘don’t you want to touch this, don’t you want this pussy squeezing your cock, milking you…’ You glance up to watch Santa’s reaction and see his eyes bulging then, suddenly, you’re hit in the face by something white. It’s pretty forceful - Santa has been chained here a while. It coats your face and goes in your hair and over your lovely perky tits. This is more Tiffany’s department but you know you’ve won and you smile and lick the cum off your lips. ‘Got any more of that for me, Big Boy?’ you ask, grabbing his still spasming cock. Santa goes all alpha male and rips the chains out of the wall then chases you out of the cell. *Go to [CHAPTER 49CS](#CHAPTER-49CS).* CHAPTER 48IS You’re dressed as a hot elf in nipple tassels, a tinsel thong and heels. It’s not the first time you’ve demeaned yourself with a bit of burlesque and it probably won’t be the last. Charlotte already hinted that she wants you to dance for her wearing a whole lot less (though she has hinted she’d like you in leather too). You step forward and, catching hold of a suitable pole begin to bump and grind like there’s no tomorrow - which there might not be if you don’t get this right. It’s not just for Santa’s benefit: every time you move, your nipple tassels tease your nipples and that tinsel thong just won’t let up. You’re already horny as a result of being here and, after wearing the stuff all day, you’re fit to pop. It’s amazing you haven’t left a trail everywhere you’ve been with the juices that have been running down the inside of your legs. Within a few minutes, you’ve cum at least three times and have completely lost control; you gyrate your hips, stick out your butt and jiggle your breasts just for the hell of it; then you start masturbating on the pole. You wink at Santa who now has a huge bulge at the crotch of his gimp suit then look over at Charlotte to give her the come-on and see she has her hand firmly between her legs and is openly masturbating over your performance. She mouths something like ‘I want you,’ but before you can dance towards her you hear a grating sound. When you look back at Santa, he’s pulling at his chains with all his might and the stones they’re fastened to are slowly grinding out of the wall. You drop to your knees with one leg on either side of the pole, lick it lasciviously and then, unable to stop yourself any longer, stuff your fingers in your pussy and wank yourself to an earth shattering orgasm. Your climax leaves you so dazed Charlotte has to pull you to safety as Santa rips himself free and the cell around you collapses. *Go to [CHAPTER 49IS](#CHAPTER-49IS).* CHAPTER 48PP You pick up your whip and strut into Santa’s cell. He looks up at you and you can tell he likes what he sees. Older men are all the same - they all like being told what to do by a hot younger woman. You watch his eyes travel down your body, taking in the harness and the thigh boots and you know what he wants. ‘My boots are dirty, Slave!’ You say pushing your toe towards him. They’re not that dirty having been recently cleaned by the bunnies but if he’s lucky, he’ll find some chocolate they’ve left behind. Santa doesn’t hesitate, he lowers his head and begins to lick the leather. You let him enjoy himself for a few moments then tell him you want him on his belly doing the heel. He’s more than happy to obey and for being such a good boy, you tell him he can lick a little higher. And a little higher still. When he goes too far, you snap your whip and tell him he’s naughty and needs to be punished. ‘Yes, Mistress,’ he says. There are a number of sex toys hanging on the wall of his cell and you select a butt plug, making him bend over and then pushing it in through a flap in the gimp suit. Then you set him back to work grovelling at your feet. After some ten minutes, he’s wearing nipple clamps and a ring gag and is putty in your hands. You tell him he’s been a good boy and can come with you. He’s very eager for this and as a reward, you undo the crotch strap of your harness and let him kiss you between your legs before rubbing your crotch on his face. Needless to say he loves this, the submissive pussy. You snap a leash to his collar, rip through the paper chains that are holding him with your whip and lead him out of the cell, crawling on all fours at your heels. *Go to [CHAPTER 49PP](#CHAPTER-49PP).* CHAPTER 48TT You’ve dealt with enough scrawny boys in your time to know what to do. You might not be quite as voluptuous as Mistress Bunny but you can be pretty confident what Santa's looking for and it’s not skinny Isabel or sporty Charlotte. Santa’s clearly a man who values comfort over speed. You strut in flaunting your body, ensure his gaze is about eight inches below his face then undo your bra and let him have both barrels of your impressive cleavage. You see his response and encourage this by drawing his face in to enjoy it up close. You hold him for a while until he realises he can’t breathe, then you let him up for air while you slide your knickers off and when he’s clearly ready for more, you wrap your fat pussy around his face. He’s surprisingly good with his tongue and that beard is just divine on your most sensitive spot - so much so that you forget to let him breathe and Charlotte and Isabel have to pull you off before Santa suffocates. As he gasps in air, it’s obvious he wants to go again but it’s time to get tough. ‘Come on big boy,’ you tell him, bending to retrieve your discarded underwear and giving him a full view of your curvaceous butt, ‘you have work to do.’ Santa nods, watching intently but not moving. You roll your eyes and rip the paper chains holding him. Then you straddle his back and ride him out to the cell. *Go on to [CHAPTER 49TT](#CHAPTER-49TT).* CHAPTER 49CS Cocktease or not, back at the sleigh, there’s little you can do but spread your legs for Santa, lie back and think of Isabel. He does have a nice large cock and, to be fair, recently it's mostly been tongue and sex toys so having something big and fleshy inside you is quite a thrill. Not for the first time, you wish Isabel was a boy. It’s not that you don’t love her and are not willing to embark on a lesbian relationship with her, it’s just that you are reminded how much you love cock too. After thinking this you feel guilty and, having satisfied Santa (you really do have a lovely tight pussy) and persuaded him to climb aboard the sleigh, you sidle up to Isabel and try to redeem yourself (for this and your past misdeeds) by offering to let her take Dancer’s place with the reindeer. It’s probably one of the most unselfish things Charlotte has ever done - you should be proud of yourself and if you’re currently enduring a FORFEIT, you can remove those nipple clamps or loosen that bondage a little (if you want to). Isabel is delighted and virtually throws herself at you before pushing her tongue down your throat. *Go to [CHAPTER 50](#CHAPTER-50).* CHAPTER 49IS Having led Santa on so much, there’s little you can do but let him take what he’s been offered and, stripping off your thong, he does just that. You’re a little surprised he wants you on all fours but you were bumping and grinding. You’re even more surprised where he puts his cock after giving you a few playful slaps and telling you what a naughty girl you are. Taking it like this is definitely a new experience even if you’ve worn a tail plug when you played pony girl. After the initial shock you begin to enjoy it, particularly when he starts playing with your nipple tassels. Even after all you’ve endured, you blush at your response and, as he pumps away, you glance up at Charlotte wondering what she’s thinking. She winks at you and mouths ‘naughty girl’. You blush more and then Santa cums his load inside you and it’s all over. A bit disappointing, if you’re honest but a good ER girl is always willing to take one for the team and if Charlotte is going to spank you later for being a naughty girl then it will certainly be worthwhile. As Santa wipes his cock, you climb to your feet and are pleased to see Charlotte come towards you. ‘I really am going to spank you later, you filthy slut,’ she whispers. You’re a little shocked by this until she adds, ‘and then you’re put on a strap-on and do that to me.’ Things really have moved on in your sex life since you arrived here. You’re glad you came and glad you stayed. You’re even more pleased when Charlotte offers to let you be a reindeer girl on the way home. This is a very un-Charlotte like gesture and you suspect this might be because someone is going to have to transport all those bunnified elves back to Santa’s sex toy workshop. However, you are grateful and you want to encourage this sort of altruism in the love of your life so you leap on her and stick your tongue down her throat in gratitude. *Go to [CHAPTER 50](#CHAPTER-50).* CHAPTER 49PP You lead Santa back to the sleigh where he once again begs to worship you. You allow this, letting him go all the way up this time. He’s pretty good with his tongue and you enjoy a very pleasant orgasm - the beard helps. Then, he begs to be allowed to cum and you let him grovel at your feet and allow him his pathetic male orgasm before ordering him onto the sleigh. Then, very reluctantly, you watch as Queen Bunny is restored to her throne and try not to vomit as Isabel and Charlotte enjoy a very prolonged and unnecessarily deep French kiss. *Go to [CHAPTER 50](#CHAPTER-50).* CHAPTER 49TT You have always been a girl to go down - it keeps you out of trouble and earns you friends or, if not friends, then allies. After riding Santa out of the tunnels you decide he’s earned a reward and go down on your knees to take his lovely juicy cock in your mouth then let him finish off over your tits. Santa’s very happy about this and promises you a special visit when he makes his rounds. Things are looking quite promising and seem more so when you see Isabel and Charlotte enjoying a very prolonged and unnecessarily deep French kiss. You roll your eyes, you’d rather keep sex transactional - unless it’s with Dancer. *Go to [CHAPTER 50](#CHAPTER-50).* CHAPTER 50 With Mistress Bunny restored to her throne and Santa aboard his sleigh, all the bunnified elves are transformed back into their usual form leaving about five hundred very confused women dressed like Isabel and Tiffany. They are hugging each other and feeling suddenly very empty inside but Santa orders them aboard the sleigh. (It’s a magic sleigh and it carries presents all over the world, five hundred horny elves is nothing). With a wave of his hand Santa turns Isabel into a sexy reindeer complete with sparkly brown latex second skin and she takes her place beside Dasher discovering all the joys of the reindeer harness and its attachments, especially the nipple bells, tail plug and the dildo that magically appears inside her. Charlotte, not surprisingly snuggles up to Santa and asks to be allowed to drive and Tiffany and Priya squeeze in where they can. Then Charlotte cracks the whip and off you all go. * *Charlotte Scarlet - Go to [CHAPTER 51CS](#CHAPTER-51CS)* * *Isabel Schwarz - Go to [CHAPTER 51IS](#CHAPTER-51IS)* * *Priya Prince - Go to [CHAPTER 51PPTT](#CHAPTER-51PPTT)* * *Tiffany Tease - Go to [CHAPTER 51PPTT](#CHAPTER-51PPTT)* CHAPTER 51CS Of course Santa’s going to let you drive after what you’ve just done for him and besides, who wouldn’t want a hot naked blonde on their lap. As you sit firmly on something that’s clearly becoming firm again he passes you the reins and the whip. You have a moment of regret as you look at the eight sexy reindeer arrayed before you and then she shakes the reins and crack the whip ensuring you target Isabel. Then you lie back in Santa’s warm embrace, his beard tickling your neck as the sleigh leaps skyward. With both your hands occupied, there’s little you can do to stop the big man’s wandering hands but it's obvious he’s just ensuring your nipples don’t get cold in the wind. Now that you’re up here, it’s clear that flying a sleigh is almost as much fun as pulling one and watching all those nubile bodies and swinging tales is getting you rather excited - as are the fingers playing with your nipples and the grinding from below against your sex. As you fly out over the sea, you’re not surprised when there’s a bit of wriggling and something long and firm slides inside you. By this time, you’re so wet you don’t complain and, when you hit turbulence at 30,000ft you cum like the slut you are, smiling as you whip Isabel a few times for good measure. It’s always nice to have a spare sugar daddy. *Go to [CHAPTER 52](#CHAPTER-52).* CHAPTER 51IS You’re still marvelling at your transformation into a reindeer when you feel the whip crack across your buttocks and you leap into the sky along with your fellow reindeer like a prima ballerina, smiling around your bit both at the exhilaration and the fact you know Charlotte has targeted you among all those gorgeous reindeer bodies. The magic boots make you so light on your feet, you wish you’d had them when you were learning to dance - maybe if you’d been able to wear magic ballet slippers your parents would have had to let you become a ballerina. It’s not just the boots either, the harness is magical too or that’s the way it feels as do the plugs inside you. You know you should be horrified by how much you’re enjoying the butt plug but after what’s just happened you know you’re as much an anal slut as Tiffany. Maybe you’ll take the enema challenge next time it comes up - and it’s bound to at some point in one of the next escape scenarios. However, you’re not sure you want to do any more scenarios: harnessed like this you could run forever, it’s better than sex - well actually, a lot of it is sex. It’s as if the harness and bells and the sparkly brown latex coating your skin are designed to tease all your erogenous zones at once - and that’s before the dildos. You risk a glance at Dasher beside you and see she’s in the same state of exhilaration. What would it be like to have Charlotte next to you in harness like this - to be kept as ponies or reindeer or just kept? Together! Fuck, you love being being in bondage. It reminds you of the things Charlotte did to you in the theatre when you let her tie you up and she made you completely helpless and did all kinds of things to your willing and utterly helpless body. You look down and see the world below you and look up and see the stars and want to stay like this forever, forever in bondage with Charlotte controlling you, keeping you as her pet or her pony and playing with you everyday. *Go to [CHAPTER 52](#CHAPTER-52).* CHAPTER 51PPTT Squeezed in among the elves, you find out just what a randy bunch they are. As a rule, elves are svelte, pert and petite. The two of you with your fuller figures are suddenly very much the centre of attention. Before you know it, hands are slipping into your very limited clothing and exploring all your voluptuous curves. Nipples are tweaked, breasts squeezed and bottoms pinched. You try (somewhat half-heartedly, admittedly) to fight them off but before you know it those little hands have looped ropes around your wrists and ankles and suddenly you find yourselves on your knees with ring gags in your mouths to ensure you keep the noise down (Santa can be quite a taskmaster when he gets going and there is a learner driver in control of the sleigh) as they continue to fondle you. Then, when you’re good and ready, the elves call on your tongues to satisfy them. Neither of you is a dedicated pussy muncher, you both prefer cock but it is, after all Christmas and you quickly discover that your captors have more than a few magical sex toys stuffed down their jumpers (or stuffed wherever it is that horny elf girls hide their sex toys) and it very quickly becomes a matter of ‘you scratch my back (lick my pussy) and I’ll scratch yours (push something big and hard inside you). *Go on to [CHAPTER 52](#CHAPTER-52).* CHAPTER 52 The sleigh bumps down in lapland again and the elves scurry off to catch up with the backlog on their production lines. Isabel is gibbering something through her bit on the joys of being a reindeer and you decide she’s on such a high it's best to keep her tightly restrained and ensure the bit stays firmly in her mouth until a suitable ball gag can be found to keep her silent more effectively. Charlotte seems happy with this but only makes things worse by playing with her helpless body and tinkling her nipple bells. Santa guides you into his office and, reaching into his desk drawer, pulls out a 25 year old malt whisky and five glasses. He pours some generous shots and you pass them round. Isabel is going to have to fend for herself here. *Go on to [CHAPTER 53](#CHAPTER-53).* CHAPTER 53 Do you trust Santa? *If you don’t you should read [CHAPTER 54](#CHAPTER-54).* *If it’s bottoms up and throw the glasses into the fire then go on to [CHAPTER 55](#CHAPTER-55).* CHAPTER 54 He’s Santa for god’s sake. If you can’t trust him, who can you trust? He’s a big fat jolly guy who takes kids on his knees and asks them what they want then sneaks into their bedrooms at night to give it to them. *Go to [EPILOGUE 14](#EPILOGUE-14).* CHAPTER 55 Of course you trust Santa. You raise your glasses and take a drink (Charlotte does this for Isabel who’s still in reindeer bondage). _**CONGRATULATIONS***_You’ve solved Professor Kink’s Christmas Escape Room. A special door at the back of the office opens. You have one final choice:* _**You can EXIT through the gift shop and go back to your humdrum lives.***_OR* _**You can STAY in Kink’s world and enjoy more sexual torment, predicament bondage and more or less continuous orgasms.***_Please post EXIT or STAY in the [forum to decide what happens next to your favourite ER girls.* *For now, it’s GAME OVER* *(If you’re enjoying any FORFEITS you can end them now - assuming you want to).* *End of Professor Kink’s Escape Room Challenge Christmas Special.* _**[Don’t forget to vote - ‘EXIT' or ‘STAY’ (And leave comments on the series if you can).*** EPILOGUE 1 You wander round in the frozen wastes for another thirty minutes until you stop shivering then you collapse from hypothermia. But don’t worry, Kink won’t let you freeze to death - you’re too valuable an asset to him. However, he will punish you._GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 1](#CHAPTER-1) and try again.* EPILOGUE 2 You go back to the factory floor and gather up all the sex toys you think you are going to need then go into the Staff Restroom. There’s all kinds of stuff in there suggesting multiple orgies have taken place between all those hot nubile elves in their kinky costumes. Among the debris you find a soiled Priya doll and a set of used anal beads lying on the floor. There is alcohol and food and you settle in to celebrate Christmas together. If you do this in a suitably kinky way, preferably with lots of bondage and hot girl-on-girl action, it is possible Kink might not punish you too severely. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 20](#CHAPTER-20) and try again.* EPILOGUE 3 On the ship you are locked in chains and used as slaves by day, scrubbing the decks, cooking and cleaning. At night you are turned into sex slaves. Charlotte is particularly popular and regularly takes three at a time, one in each orifice. The crew enjoy playing with Tiffany’s large breasts and the use of Priya as a pony, riding her round the deck. This is Neverland, not the Kingdom of the Easter Bunny. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24) and try putting another destination into the satnav.* EPILOGUE 4 You are put on trial for dangerous driving and, not surprisingly, found guilty. Priya is in particular trouble because she can’t produce a license to say she is authorised to drive a sleigh and is given a whipping. Then all of you are sentenced to hard labour, working in the fields naked and in chains. This is Oz, not the Kingdom of the Easter Bunny. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24) and try putting another destination into the satnav.* EPILOGUE 5 The fawn dresses Isabel as a kinky rubber maid and makes her cook and clean his house. He turns Tiffany back into a hu-cow and keeps her in the stable, milking her daily and doing a few other things to her too. Charlotte becomes his pony and is kept stabled with Tiffany and he chains Priya to his bed to keep him warm at night. This is Narnia, not the Kingdom of the Easter Bunny. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 24](#CHAPTER-24) and try putting another destination into the satnav.* EPILOGUE 6 You are taken to bunny prison where you are locked into chastity belts and put to work harvesting chocolate eggs on the egg farm. After several months in chastity you are so horny you beg to be bunnified and soon find yourself hopping round as mindless pink bondage bunny girls complete with fluffy white tails, pink gags and the full sexy outfit. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29) and choose another option.* EPILOGUE 7 What can I say? You fell for the red herring. Don’t feel too bad, we’ve all done it. It doesn’t take a moment for Santa to have you all in bondage then he gives you all a good spanking. When your bottoms are all glowing red, he takes you to production line 10 where they make the sex dolls and packages you all as special edition life size bondage sex toys before shipping you off to the two naughtiest boys in the world (Priya and Tiffany) and the two naughtiest girls (Charlotte and Isabel). *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29) and choose another option.* EPILOGUE 8 You feel yourself begin to change, your arms drawn behind your back like when Kink’s suits draw you into bondage. Something begins to form over your hands and wrists and up your arms, pushing your palms and forearms and elbows together, then straps snap over your shoulders tightening everything some more. You look at your fellow escape room girls and find the same thing is happening to them, pulling their shoulders back, forcing out their breasts. You look down to see your own breasts thrust forward as if you were offering them to someone. Even as you watch you see and feel your nipples harden, jutting out with an increasing sensation of arousal. Something is creeping over your breasts, turning them pink. Your torso is being encased in a pink leotard; fishnet stockings begin to form over your legs. Then something slithers around your neck, a pink leather collar and you can’t look down anymore. You try to struggle but your arms are firmly strapped in place now and when you try to cry out a huge ball gag fills your mouth, the straps tightening behind your head. You can feel the ears forming on your head and then something pushes in from behind. It’s all pretty familiar now; a butt plug, this one to hold your little fluffy white tail. You squeal as you feel yourself stretched but the huge gag mutes most of the sound. The high heels and ankle hobble complete your outfit, the pink strap wrapping round your ankles and then down under your feet in front of your heels to keep them tightly together. Being bound like this makes you feel so safe, so secure… You look at your fellow escape room bunnies and can’t help smiling around your gag. They are smiling too. Being bound like this is a relief; there’ll be no more challenging escape puzzles, and you won’t have the pressure of working out how to rescue Santa - Mistress Bunny will take care of you and you can hop around her sunny fields. Maybe at some point you’ll get a basket for your nipples, your very hard, erect nipples and be able to offer people the delicious magical chocolate eggs. Easter is so much nicer than Christmas. You are so happy… Then you really feel something to smile about, something pushing inside you; it’s huge, huge like your wonderful gag and that delightful butt plug. It’s pushing up between your legs, easing itself inside you. It’s just so big and delicious, like eating chocolate only better and you feel a wonderful satisfaction at the way it fills you up and satisfies your cravings - just like chocolate. The other bunnies are becoming very excited now, hopping up and down and they begin to rub against you, their lovely bodies pressing against you, their breasts rubbing yours. You can feel their hard nipples and sense their excitement - their very sexual excitement. You want to join in with them and when you take your first little hop, you discover why the bunnies like to jump around so enthusiastically. You hop again and feel the huge thing inside you move and you can’t resist hopping again. On the fourth hop you have your first orgasm and a few hops later you have another one. All the bunny girls are very excited now, all hopping up and down and you and your fellows are hopping around with them enjoying multiple orgasms. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 29](#CHAPTER-29) and choose another option (but you could stay here a little longer and just enjoy a few more orgasms…)* EPILOGUE 9 The palace guards soon arrive. These are not pink fluffy bunnies and they are not in bondage though they do wear pink - pink leather vests, extremely tight pink leather breeches and high heeled leather boots. They also carry night sticks and you are soon subdued, handcuffed and dragged off to the palace interrogation room. After several days of brutal treatment during which you are repeatedly required to provide sexual pleasure to your captors, you are put in chains and sent to the chocolate mines far below the warren where the regime is even harsher. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 35](#CHAPTER-35) and consider a more diplomatic approach.* EPILOGUE 10 You spend the next few months as bunnies hopping around enjoying the dildos that bounce constantly inside you and the presence of your tails. You take part in the nightly bunny orgies which largely involve pogo dancing until you drop and then snuggling together for the night. Eventually, you become senior enough to be given baskets of eggs which are clipped to your nipples. Bizarrely, despite what you expect, the bounce of these baskets only adds to your pleasure. You hope that you get to stay here for a long time. *GAME OVER or go back to [CHAPTER 38](#CHAPTER-38) and choose another champion.* EPILOGUE 11 Ok, your character can stay as the bunny queen but you, dear reader, are going to get a serious FORFEIT for what you’ve just done! *I want you naked and I want you gagged. You’ve probably got nipple clamps on already but if you haven’t you should have and you’d better add some weights - the heavier the better. Finally, I want you straddling something, something hard and uncomfortable - a saw horse if you have one or the edge of the bath, maybe the arm of the sofa if there is nothing else. You will spend at least ten minutes contemplating what a terrible person you are and then it’s GAME OVER or you can go back to [CHAPTER 42](#CHAPTER-42).* EPILOGUE 12 Priya is the new bunny queen, Charlotte and Tiffany are drooling bunny girls and Isabel is now Priya’s footstool. It seems Priya has harboured a grudge against Isabel since they both applied to be leader of the escape room team and Isabel got the job. Now Priya is wreaking her revenge - she has Isabel tied to a low table with her legs spread and nominates one of her bunny subjects to tease her to the edge of orgasm every hour but not let her cum. *Sadly it’s GAME OVER. You can take this or you can go back to [CHAPTER 41](#CHAPTER-41) and have a bit more faith in your teammate!* EPILOGUE 13 Which of you gave up? * *Charlotte Scarlet - Go to [EPILOGUE 13CS](#EPILOGUE-13CS)* * *Isabel Schwarz - Go to [EPILOGUE 13IS](#EPILOGUE-13IS)* * *Priya Prince - Go to [EPILOGUE 13PP](#EPILOGUE-13PP)* * *Tiffany Tease - Go to [EPILOGUE 13TT](#EPILOGUE-13TT)* EPILOGUE 13CS You’ve been a busy bunny for the last hour or so so you can be forgiven for your poor choice. However, now you’re a hot blonde and you’re completely naked. (When I said ‘restored more or less to your clothes’ it was ‘less’ in your case - your sparkly black rubber second skin has gone). If anyone can tempt Santa out of his submissive play session, it’s you and, let’s face it, if you had Santa wrapped around your little finger, think of all those things you could wish for at Christmas. *It could be GAME OVER, or you could go to [CHAPTER 48](#CHAPTER-48) and give it a try.* EPILOGUE 13IS That’s a bit defeatist but, to be fair, you are Jewish so all this Christmas stuff isn’t real anyway - even if you have been snogged under the mistletoe at a few Christmas parties. On the other hand, you are the leader of this ER group and should probably show some initiative now. You’re just considering the dilemma when Charlotte sidles up to you. She’s completely naked now and she presses her hot firm body against yours. ‘I love that costume,’ she whispers, her lips brushing yours. ‘Shall we go somewhere and see how easy it is to take off?’ Her arms wrap around you and any thoughts of rescuing Santa drift away. Before you know it, you’re in one of the playrooms (the rubber one) and Charlotte has you bent over a spanking bench with your wrists and ankles cuffed. ‘You,’ she says, breathily, picking up a rubber coated paddle, ‘are a very naughty girl.’ ‘Yes, Mistress,’ you say. ‘I have been very bad.’ Slap. She hits you with the paddle. *You know where this is going. From the point of view of the ER scenario, it’s GAME OVER but if you want to try to finish the escape, you can go back to [CHAPTER 47](#CHAPTER-47) and try again.* EPILOGUE 13PP That’s a bit disappointing and I don’t think you are trying. Having said that, what’s the point? You don’t really believe in Christmas anyway and you’re now Queen Bunny. This place isn’t bad but you need to make it a bit more interesting - a bit darker. You go back to your throne and retrieve your whip. Then you decree that all bunnies must dress in black leather, institute conscription into the bunny army and make a grab for world domination. *GAME OVER. You could go back to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46) and try a bit harder but you probably don’t want to.* EPILOGUE 13TT You’ve had enough of this shit. You’re the bunny queen now. If Santa doesn’t want to do his job, it’s up to Tiffany. How hard can it be to deliver sex toys to kinky boys and girls all over the world? You might even stop to show a few of them how they work. You go back to Santa’s sleigh, kidnap eight bunnies to pull it and go back to the lovely, big-cocked Dancer. After a good solid fucking, you find the keys to his chains, harness him as lead pony/reindeer/bunny boy, load up your huge sack of sex toys and go travelling around the world exploring every kink you can find. Eventually, you and Dancer settle down with your eight hot bunny slaves and have lots of little Tiffanys and baby reindeers. *GAME OVER. But if you really want to, you could go back to [CHAPTER 46](#CHAPTER-46) and complete this escape.* EPILOGUE 14 It's one of these ‘you have to believe it’ situations - like Tinkerbell - except that Santa’s not happy that you don’t trust him. So near and yet so far! It doesn’t take a moment for Santa to have you all in bondage (Isabel is there already) then he gives you all a good spanking. When your bottoms are all glowing red, he packages Charlotte and Priya as a special edition life size bondage sex toys. Charlotte is dispatched to Priya’s Aunt Jaganmayee to be a pony girl on her plantation and Priya is sent c/o Kink Enterprises Inc to one Professor Keith Kink. Santa’s taken something of a shine to Tiffany - he likes buxom girls - so he turns her into a rubber clad sex toy and keeps her chained up in his office and, recognising Isabel’s talent for organising things (and the fact she looks so fucking hot in her elf costume) he puts her in charge of the sex toy factory so he can spend more time making use of his new Tiffany sex toy. *It’s GAME OVER, I’m afraid - or you can choose to trust Santa and take a drink in which case go back to [CHAPTER 53](#CHAPTER-53).* \*\*\*END\*\*\*
