---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/thetherapist4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'The Therapist Part 4: Kaitlynn''s Take-down'
authors:
- Anne Woolsey
tags:
- F/f
- FF/f
- captive
- force
- bond
- zipties
- gag
- bfold
- hogtie
- transport
- cartrunk
- reluct/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Therapist Part 3: Catharine's Basement**](thetherapist3.html))

**Part 4: Kaitlynn's Take-down**

Kaitlynn Lee!

I had hoped never to see her again… or her pal Samantha Blake.

Well, Samantha maybe, she was a total babe!

Kaitlynn was a total bitch!

They had kidnapped me and held me for their sexual pleasure before leaving me bound and gagged in a hotel room. This had happened maybe a year ago… OK; it was exactly ten months and 3 days ago. The ’games’ they had played with me were what had led me to engage Catharine as my therapist.

To be fair, not that Kaitlynn deserved it, what they did was pay back for my …ah …shall we say similar actions with Samantha.

Any way here they were! I had no idea how they found me. I was only sure I was totally fucked!

They were dressed for business, their business being kidnapping! Both of them were in all black with watch caps hiding their hair. Samantha carried a large shoulder bag that I remembered from our other encounter. It held the tools of the kidnap trade.

After the initial shock, Catharine and I spoke at the same time; me, “Oh shit!” Catharine said, “What…how do you get in? Who are you?”

Kaitlynn smirked! “Addison knows who I am! Don’t you, Addison?”

“Fuck you!”

She laughed again, a nasty laugh that was reflected in her expression. “Oh, so you do remember our last meeting, Addison. It was quite enjoyable... for me!”

Catharine, taking this ‘conversation’ in, finally tumbled to who these interlopers were.

“You… you’re the ones who …abused her… Addison before!”

“Abused her? She got exactly what she gives out… and deserves. It is quite amusing to see her bound like this! Did she let you do it or were you able to capture her?”

To me she said, “Have you become a switch, Addison dear?”

Neither of us answered. Catharine, temporarily, was at a loss for words, but she was gaining on it. She had heard, in detail, what these two had done to me. She looked at me and I could see in her expression that she saw where this would go.

“Well, Ms. Black, it doesn’t really matter; you’ve made my job easier!”

Catharine found her voice. “Get out of my house! Right now or I’ll call the police!”

“Catharine… may I call you Catharine?” Without waiting for a reply, Kaitlynn continued. “I am going to be leaving very shortly… and the both of you are coming with me!”

“No fucking way…!”

Without warning, Kaitlynn advanced on Catharine in some kind of shuffling marital arts maneuver. Sam hung back, staying in the doorway, a smug expression on her face that indicated that Catharine was toast!

As Kaitlynn was assuming the position, Catharine ran at her and launched a vicious kick that caught Kaitlynn right on the jaw. Kaitlynn flew backwards, banged off the wall and lay on her belly, stunned.

As soon as Kaitlynn hit the wall, Samantha dropped the bag and shot up the stairs, doors banging as she fled the premises. What the fuck?

Catharine was on her in a flash and snagged one of the long cable ties. She managed to wrap the tie around Kaitlynn’s neck and tighten it by pulling both ends. Kaitlynn’s hands shot up to her neck to try and gain some play in the tie because it was tight, tight, tight around her neck. She immediately began to struggle for breath, clawing frantically at the unforgiving plastic.

“Put your hands behind your back!” Catharine hung on; holding the plastic like it was the reins of a horse and kept up the pressure as Kaitlynn crossed her wrists in the small of her back.

To emphasize her resolve, Catharine slipped the free end of the tie into the locking end and pulled the tie snug around Kaitlynn’s neck.

“All’s I have to do is yank on the end and you’re done! Understand?”

Kaitlynn rasped out a yes.

Catharine snatched up another tie and bound Kaitlynn’s wrists and with a second tie did her ankles.

Catharine looked to the stairs. I thought she might go after the fleeing Samantha!

“Let her go! The one of the floor is the brains, such as they are!”

She hesitated for a moment and then turned her attention back to Kaitlynn.

She cut the tie free from Kaitlynn’s neck with the EMT scissors that had tumbled out of the bag with the ties. A nasty red welt encircled Kaitlynn’s neck; she gulped in air.

While Kaitlynn struggled to suck in sufficient oxygen, Catharine pulled her legs up behind her and secured them to her wrists with another cable tie.

Kaitlynn offered no resistance; she was concentrating on breathing! When she could finally speak, she said, “Big mistake, bitches! She’ll be back!”

Without a second’s delay, Catharine scrambled over, grabbed a ball gag and forced it into Kaitlynn’s mouth. She buckled it so tightly that the ball all but disappeared behind Kaitlynn’s lips.

I was astounded! Catharine had just defeated an experienced kidnapping team, capturing one and scaring off the second! Catharine went from being on the verge of being gagged and bagged to queen of the hill in a matter of seconds! And she’d done it while totally naked!

She dragged herself over to the sofa and sagged down onto it. She was shaking, her face in her hands.

“Are you OK?” I asked.

She didn’t answer at first. Then in a quiet voice she said “I can’t believe this whole thing! It’s…it’s… I don’t know… it’s all so weird.”

“I guess it is a little different than your usual Friday night!”

She smiled a bit. “I’ve never done anything like this before. I mean I never even got into a fight with anyone! I don’t know where this came from!”

Kaitlynn snorted around her gag from her space on the floor. Together, Catharine and I shouted “Shut up!”

That seemed to refocus Catharine.

“I better untie you. I meant what I said about letting you go! And about you not bothering me again!”

Kaitlynn snickered again. Catharine asked her in a matter of fact voice, it she’d like to have the cable tie re-applied to her neck. Kaitlynn turned her face away and was silent.

“Listen! We need to decide what to do with her.” I motioned over to the glaring Kaitlynn.

Catharine looked surprised. “We’re going to call the cops! She… they broke in!”

“We could do that.” I paused. “There are other things we could do too!”

“Other things? Oh, no! Right now we are all legal and everything. She broke in; we caught her and tied her up to detain her. We’re good with that! We call the cops; they take her away, end of story! We do anything but that and we are in as much trouble as she is!”

“You are such a straight laced wuss, Catharine!” I used a ‘miss goody two shoes’ voice. “Oh, you can tie me up, but do it nicely! Oh we can’t do anything bad to this poor misguided soul! Jeez! What a Pollyanna! I’m not talking about killing her!”

At the word killing, Kaitlynn looked up.

“Not that you don’t deserve it, bitch!” She mmpph-ed what could only have been a curse.

Catharine was now royally pissed off, at me, at the situation, at Kaitlynn.

She stood looking down at me, arms crossed, a frown pinching her forehead.

“Look, Catharine, why don’t you untie me. Then we can both go upstairs and make sure her”, I jerked my head in Kaitlynn’s direction, “brave and loyal accomplice is really gone.”

She started and jerked her head in the direction of the stairs. It was obvious that she had forgotten about Samantha.

She looked at me and then back at the stairs.

Finally, she scooped up the scissors and knelt beside me.

“You try anything and you’ll regret it!”

“That was a lucky kick.”

“Really? Both of them?”

OK so she hadn’t been lucky; she had some skill and training, but in a fair fight I thought I could take her. I wanted out so I said nothing.

She snipped the tie on my ankles and then my wrists. I rubbed the red indentations the ties had left. I was a little stiff and my chest hurt where she had kicked me.

Catharine moved away from me and watched me warily.

“Jeez, truce, OK! We have bigger problems to deal with!” I gestured to Kaitlynn. Catharine relaxed a bit. “We should make sure Samantha’s gone. We should check out the upstairs.”

“Right! Right! I have some clothes in the dryer!” Now that the action was over, Catharine was less certain and decisive in her speech and movements as if the adrenaline had worn off and she was realizing what she had done.

She skirted around Kaitlynn and went into the unfinished part of the basement. I heard the dryer door open.

I knelt next to Kaitlynn and whispered in her ear.

“I am so going to fuck you over, bitch! You will regret ever, ever messing with me!” She turned her head and stared, naked hate in her eyes.

Catharine returned with some underwear, sweats and socks. We dressed silently, each with our own thoughts.

“Ready?” Catharine nodded, seemingly settled and back in control of her emotions.

“Wait! Before we go up let me secure this one!”

I took a long cable tie and yanked Kaitlynn’s elbows together and then tightened the hogtie link until her hands were touching her heels. I pulled the watch cap down over her face and used a cable tie to tighten it over her eyes. The cap was some kind of a weave that would let her breathe, but being blindfolded with it would certainly slow her down.

We went up the stairs slowly and at the top split up. We searched everywhere and put on lights as we went. We did the same thing upstairs and in the garage. We put on shoes and went around the outside of the house and checked the street.

No Samantha anywhere. She had totally fled the scene. I wondered what that meant, but I didn’t bring it up to Catharine. No sense in spooking her.

“Looks like she’s gone!”

“Yeah, but will she be back?”

“I doubt it. Like I said, Kaitlynn is the brains. Samantha is just window dressing!”

Catharine didn’t look convinced, but she dropped the subject.

“Let’s get her up here. I don’t like leaving her alone.”

“You mean untie her?”

“Nah! We can carry her up.”

And so we carried Kaitlynn Lee up the stairs.

The dining room table seemed like a good spot to put her. Still in her uncomfortable hogtie, she made quite a bizarre centerpiece. I just had to take some pictures of her with and without her hat pulled over her face.

If looks could harm, Lee, with her face exposed, would have put me in my grave!

Catharine tsk-ed her disapproval of me taking pictures, but I knew I could use them in my side business and for blackmailing the little bitch.

We were both hungry. Catharine found some bagels and she made coffee. We sat at the table with the hogtied Lee, ate and discussed Lee’s fate. It was a kick to do it in front of her!

Catharine was still in favor of calling the police, but I pointed put that the time for that had passed. We had kept Lee captive too long, which had been my strategy all along. Catharine caught on and shook her head.

“You are such an incorrigible bitch! This is why I would never, ever trust you!”

“Come on, Catharine! You know I’m right. We do what I want and we’re home free!”

“Home free? What if she decides to come after me? You’ll be gone to who knows where and it will be me tied up on some dining room table!”

Lee murmured her agreement to that. I jabbed her hard in her side and told her to shut up.

“Look! We have some pictures of her to use as persuasion to keep her in line.”

“That won’t work; she doesn’t seem the type to worry about that! And what about her partner?”

“Forget about her partner. What you don’t know about Ms. Lee here is that she is, in her vanilla life, a very visible business woman. Like in the paper and on the news way too often! Isn’t that right, Lee?”

Lee seemed to have frozen. I could sense the tension in her.

“That’s right, Kaitlynn. I know who you are and how I can take you down!”

To Catharine I said, “We have leverage on her; she won’t bother you! Right, Kaitlynn?”

Lee grunted.

“Nod your head if you get it, Lee!” She nodded. That appeared to take down Catharine’s stress level a bit.

“So what exactly is your plan?”

I too relaxed a bit sensing that I was close to getting what I wanted.

“OK! We put her in your car and drive over to my rental. We transfer her into the rental and drive to some dive-y motel. You follow me in your car. We leave her tied up in a room, leave the rental car and we’re out of there. She won’t talk! She’ll be embarrassed of course, but so what and you and I will be happy and out of it!”

“We can’t leave her like this! What if she chokes or passes out! God! ”

“We won’t leave like this. We can tie her to the bed or a chair and use a whiffle ball gag so she can breathe. The car is rented in a bogus name; I’ll rent the room with the same card. Sure, they’ll see me, but so what. I’m a chameleon! No one will ever be able to identify me. The whole point of this is to have her found by the motel people and have to deal with it!”

“Right! Just like she did to you!”

“Yeah, except we won’t be raping her!”

She blushed red. “Sorry, Addison, that was insensitive of me!”

“No problem, I’m all over that!” Right! As if!

Catharine was quiet for a while. I knew she was going to buy it, so I kept quiet too.

After several minutes, Catharine sighed. “OK, we’ll do it your way! Let’s get it over with.”

“Good decision, Catharine! Our only problem might be if someone sees us making the transfer to the rental and the room. We’ll have to be careful when we do it, is all!”

“I’m going to change. When we get arrested, I want to look presentable!” She trudged off upstairs.

I whispered to Lee. “You’re not getting out of this that easy, you little skank!” I wanted her to stress out a little. Then I went to collect my stuff down in the basement including my toys and wet clothes.

Catharine reappeared in a black sweater and jeans tucked into black boots. She shrugged into a jeans jacket. I stayed in my borrowed sweats and trainers.

We trundled Lee out to Catharine’s car and put her in the back where Catharine had been just a few hours ago. I covered her with the Catharine’s coat. I drove; Catharine was a little down, quiet, and I knew she wasn’t really into it.

We got to the parking lot with no trouble. At this time of night, it was deserted with only a few cars still there. I pulled next to the rental and shut off the engine. I had pulled forward enough so that the rear hatch of her car was even with the back door of the rental. We got out and looked and listened for a minute. I unlocked the rental, started it and opened its back door.

Catharine was very nervous, looking around and just about vibrating in place.

“Relax, will you? We’re almost done!” She didn’t answer.

There was no time like the present, so I popped the hatch and we grabbed Lee and lifted her out. It took only a few seconds to shove her into the back seat of the rental. I shut the hatch and the rental’s door and hopped into the rental.

I slipped it into gear and pulled forward, yelling out of the open window, “OK, Catharine, follow me!”

“Wait! I need my keys!”

“That’s right you do, don’t you!” I stepped on the gas and peeled out, tossing the keys out the window. I watched in the mirror. She froze for a few seconds and then ran to get the keys.

I knew that by the time she found the keys and started her car, I would be out of sight.

I felt a little guilty about tricking her, but she was right. I was incorrigible and not to be trusted.

Since guilt is really a foreign emotion to me, the moment passed.

As I drove, I occupied my mind with thoughts of what I was going to do to Kaitlynn Lee.

10.08.13

story continues in [**The Therapist Part 5: Prologue**](thetherapist5.html)

o0o
