---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Plough
authors:
- missytv
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- caught
- F/m
- D/s
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2003-10-27 00:00:00
---

It had been sometime since I had last indulged in self bondage and I
wanted it to be something different. Looking at some pictures that I had
found on the internet I found my inspiration.
 
The basic position resembled the yoga posture called the plough with
the wrists and ankles secured to what looked like thirty inch spreader
bars. The wrists were secured behind the back with ropes leading from each
wrist to one support post in the attic and the feet lifted up and over
the head and secured in the center of the spreader bar to the base of another
support post just beyond the head.
 
The ropes at each wrist would lead to a rope ratchet secured to a center
ring held to the post by a nylon stocking filled with about six ice cubes
in a plastic bag. This would eventually melt allowing the arms to be released
from a tightly restrained position.
 
A special modification would allow me to use a spreader bar and still
secure my wrists and the rest of my restraints. Using heavy two inch closet
rod I made two spreader bars. The first one for my ankles had an eye bolt
at each end with one in the center.
 
The second one was a bit more complex. First I cut the rod to thirty
inches and then cut it in half so that I now had two pieces fifteen inches
long. At one end of each rod I attached the eye bolts the same as for the
ankle spreader. At the other end I cut a notch one eighth inch wide and
three inches deep. I put a piece of eighth inch thick bar stock five inches
long and drilled a hole two and a half inches from the end of the rods
through the bar stock and the rods.
 
It was a simple matter to secure the bar stock to the rod with a pair
of recessed nuts and bolts, and to secure them with a bit of super glue.
 
I then took a piece of two inch pvc pipe nine inches long that would
slide over the rod and placed it onto the spreader bar. Using two turks
head knots I tied one near the eye bolt end of one rod and five inches
from the center on the other.
 
What I had now was a spreader bar that would fold up in the middle,
but by pulling the bar straight and sliding the pipe toward the center
would become rigid and separate the wrists. I tested the fit of the folding
spreader bar and found that it worked as planned.
 
Now it was time to ready the rest of my bondage items and prepare.
 
I started by putting on a red waist cincher, bustier with garters.
I then pulled up the black seamed stockings and secured them with the garters.
 
Since I was not going to be walking or standing for any length of time
I put on my red, seven inch high heeled, patent leathered oxford booties
and locked them on with small padlocks.
 
It was the work of a moment to secure the waistband of the cock harness
about my waist and to pull my penis and balls through the cock ring of
the crotch strap.
 
I then knelt to continue my preparations. Gently stroking my penis
I got it hard and at attention. I then rolled a condom down its rigid length.
This was a carefully modified condom with a short length of aquarium hose
inserted through the tip that was taped and glued to the end. Using a piece
of adhesive tape I secured the end of the condom to the base of the shaft
of my shaved penis.
 
I then placed a cock ring harness around my penis and balls pulling
the strap around the base very tight before locking it on to keep my penis
swollen and rigid for some time to come. Now even if I did not lock on
the cock belt harness it would not come off until the ring harness was
released.
 
Placing some lube on my fingers I carefully coated my vibrating, inflatable
butt plug and after lubing my anus slowly began inserting it. After a few
minutes I was able to slowly take in the entire length of it and it slid
firmly into place held tightly by the narrow neck and the rigid embrace
of my anus. Carefully I pressed the pump and inflated it just a bit and
tested the good vibrations from the freshly replaced batteries. I quickly
placed the pump bulb and controls to the vibrator to the front of the cock
harness belt where they would be out of reach once I secured my wrists.
 
Now I pulled the crotch strap through the buckle in the rear of the
cock harness and pulled it tight to secure the butt plug. Once again small
padlocks fasten both the waist strap and the crotch strap locking the butt
plug securely in its place.
 
I placed a ring gag harness behind my lips and secured the gag strap
behind my head. Likewise I fastened the head strap and chin strap. I secured
the gag and chin strap with some more small padlocks and left the head
strap lock unlocked but in place for now.
 
I walked over to the far post in the attic and secured the rope holding
the nylon stocking and the ice cubes with the ring to it. I then fastened
the two rope ratchets to the ring and ran the two doubled lengths of rope
back up to the folding spreader bar. It took only a moment to fasten the
slack ends of the rope to the eye bolts with the knots so they would be
well out of reach and leave the pulling ends so that I could find them
after my wrists were restrained.
 
It was getting close to time to begin my final preparations. I should
be secure for about two hours from previous experience with this amount
of ice. Mistress was due home in about two and a half hours and if I was
still helpless she would take steps to ensure I stayed bound much longer.
 
I gently stroked my sheathed penis and considered what was left to
do.
 
I took the key ring with all of the keys on it and clipped it to the
center of the ankle spreader bar with a double clip. If I got my hands
freed it would be convenient to find there. If I was still restrained when
Mistress arrived home it would be easy for Her to find the keys.
 
For some comfort I laid a thin foam pad on the floor where my back
would be and covered it with a light blanket. Nearby I lay out the strap,
the paddle, a cane, and a riding crop. Hopefully I would be free before
Mistress arrived to make use of them, but it would be well to have them
out for her.
 
Laying down on the floor with my feet to the rope ratchets and my head
to the other support post I rolled back up and put my feet to the floor
over my head. I was a bit too close to the bar so I slid down towards the
rope ratchets and tried the position again.
 
This time when my feet touched the floor above my head I was looking
up at my rigid and restrained cock with the hose just brushing my face.
Perfect. I rolled back down and sat up.
 
Taking two locks I put ankle cuffs on and secured them to the ends
of the spreader bar. I set two more locks into the ends of the folding
spreader bar, and pulled on shoulder length satin gloves, before putting
leather wrist cuffs on over them.
 
I then put a wide posture collar around my throat and locked it on
in back with another small padlock. I then picked up a hollow penis gag
and inserted the length of it into my mouth through the open center of
the ring gag. With the ring securely locked in place I was helpless to
resist the invasion of this soft plastic phallus, and I fellated it slowly
as I let it fill my mouth. Inserted all the way it forced its way in and
yet my tongue could still swirl all around the head of it and I could just
barely put the tip of my tongue over the opening in the end.
 
Now I pulled the gag strap of the penis gag tight and secured it with
a lock of it's own and I let my tongue and mouth surround
its' captive fullness.
 
Rolling back I lifted my feet up and over so that the eye bolt in the
center of the spreader bar met the eye bolt at the base of the post behind
me. Reaching my hands over my head I shuddered at the authoritative click!
as I snapped the lock shut.
 
Looking up I can see my restrained penis with the tube sticking down
from the condom straight towards my face and as I reach up and stroke the
length of it a bit of precum dribbles into the tube. Smiling behind the
ring gag and the penis gag I put the end of the tube securely into the
passage through the penis gag and when I suck I feel the vacuum on the
end of my penis.
 
Lifting my head I unfasten the head strap of the ring gag harness and
pull a blindfold over my eyes. In the darkness now imposed I reach for
two more padlocks, one to secure the blindfold and the other the head strap
on the harness.
 
Moaning into the gagged darkness I caress myself to feel the extent
of my bonds so far. My nipples stiffen briefly as I caress them and I feel
the taut smoothness of my stockinged legs and bare cheeks.
 
Reaching to my waist I slowly give the butt plug about five pumps and
feel it swell within me. Carefully I adjust the vibrator and feel it writhe
in my anal passage. A few more pumps and I feel it vibrating on my prostrate
and I shudder at the caress of the vibrator. For a moment I run it up and
let the vibrations fill me but then I carefully turn it down so that I
am only just aroused by the gentle touch.
 
If I cum it is going to be some time before it happens.
 
Now I feel beneath and behind me to find the ends of the folded spreader
bar. I fasten the wrist cuffs to the eyebolts with the locks placed there
and then carefully stretch my wrists apart. It starts to feel so wonderfully
secure and I pull my hands to the sides straightening the length of the
spreader bar.
 
Lifting my right hand up off the floor I tilt the length of the spreader
bar while holding it as straight as possible. Carefully jiggling the entire
spreader bar the sleeve slides down over the pivot in the center making
it rigid and secure holding my wrists far apart from each other.
 
Then I carefully feel for the ropes back to the ratchets and begin
to take the slack out of the ratchet ropes until my arms are pulled tight
and secure away from my ankles that are restrained over my head. Each gentle
pull on the ropes tightens my bonds until I am left bent over on the floor
helpless and restrained.
 
In the darkness I can only moan and suck on the invader in my mouth
as the invader in my ass caresses me and brings me towards pleasure.
 
As I adjust to my bonds I luxuriate in the caress of the women's lingerie,
the tight restraint of the bustier, the soft caress of the nylons and the
hard feel of the shoes. My feet are held in a hard pointed arch with my
toes carefully pinioned in the fashionable confinement of the high heels.
 
I flex my anus and feel the soft touch of the plug invading my nether
passages, softly vibrating to caress my inner recesses. I push hard and
feel the plug try to escape only to be confined by the degree of inflation
and the locked crotch strap defeating my futile efforts toward release
of one sort.
 
In the quiet darkness of the blindfold I relax in my bonds and slowly
run my tongue around the fullness of the penis gag. Pursing my lips I softly
suck on the phallus silently gagging me. The fullness of its shape fills
my mouth while the ring gag holds my mouth helplessly open. I know in my
helpless restraint that if the penis gag were to be removed I would be
unable to resist the invasion of a real penis.
 
This thought makes me suck harder upon the rubber one in my mouth and
I taste a drop of precum as it flows from my sheathed cock and I am unable
to stop it from dribbling in. Should I cum before I am released I will
be just as unable to prevent eating my load. I shudder in excitement with
anticipation and dread.
 
Should Mistress return home before the ice melts and I can escape my
bonds, swallowing my load will be the least of my worries.
 
Slowly time passes and I concentrate on the feel of the varied restraint
my body is undergoing.
 
The tight caress of the shaft of my penis where the cock ring grasps
it tightly. The fullness of the restraint of the leather strap where it
holds the base of the shaft and the fullness of the balls which are tightly
strapped and separated.
 
The band of flesh on my body where it is naked between the top of the
stockings to the bottom of the bustier. The taut caress of the elastic
garter strap across my buttocks, tying the stockings to the bustier.
 
The gently breeze of the fan, moving the cool air of the attic across
my flesh. My anus clenches and releases around the invading butt plug that
it is as helpless to resist as my lips are the penis gag. I suck harder
on the cock in my mouth as the plug in my ass caresses me and more precum
rolls against my tongue.
 
In the dark I fantasize how it might be to be restrained as I am with
a real penis in place of the plug. To be used as a nameless, faceless sex
toy and to be helpless to resist the rape of my lips and to give pleasure
all unknowing. I caress and suck on my oral invader and taste the precum
that I can not prevent from entering my mouth.
 
My helplessness builds and I blindly suck and strain at my bonds wondering
what my fate will be. Will I cum before the ice melts and I can free myself?
Will I have no choice about swallowing my load in one form of exploding
release? Or will I merely have the precum dribbled bit by bit past my lips
to roll across my tongue as I become more and more frantic to cum?
 
In my helplessness I lose all track of time. Surely the ice cubes have
melted enough to begin my release. I struggle against my bonds, helplessly
sucking on the phallus locked past my lips, my precum sliding forth slowly
bringing me further to the brink.
 
I pull against the ropes holding my wrists taut behind me, straining
to see if the ice has melted enough to release them. Then from below I
hear the sound of a key in the door.
 
Mistress is home and I am still bound. She will know that when I do
not answer her, and the attic stairs are down that I am bound helpless
up here. I have to get free. I tug at the ropes holding my arms but the
ice still has not melted enough.
 
Now I hear her calling me and the tap of her heels on the floor of
the hallway. Slowly she climbs the stairs into the attic to take in the
sight before her.
 
I hear her footsteps all around me as she views the bondage that I
have put myself into. Walking over to the far end of the attic I feel the
tug and pull of the ropes to my wrists as she makes an adjustment to the
way it is tied.
 
"Well, missy, it is a good thing that I came home when I did. Those
ice cubes in your release were nearly all melted and your ropes almost
came undone. But I made sure that the rope will stay nice and tight until
I decide to release them."
 
I moan into the confines of the gag at this.
 
"No, don't thank me yet," she says, "I'll be back in a few minutes
after I change into something a bit more appropriate."
 
As her footsteps recede and go back down the attic steps, I shudder
in my bonds, feeling the full extent of my helpless position, now restrained
so that there is no possibility of release. With no chance of release I
suck at the dildo in my mouth as I wonder just what uses Mistress will
put me through for the rest of the evening.

.
.
