---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Should’ve Locked The Door
authors:
- Max Roper
tags:
- Sbm
- rope
- gag
- fantasy
- caught
- F/m
- bond
- hum
- tease
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2010-12-17 00:00:00
---

He was floating down a city street. It was night time. There was a noirish feel to the scene. He was meeting a woman. It promised to be a good meeting. He could feel it in his loins. He had no idea who she was, where he was, even who he was. And that was fine. The way it was supposed to be.

“I've been watching you.”

His head jerked up. He stared in shocked disbelief at the woman standing in the doorway of the trailer, then started frantically working his wrists free.

“Don't,” she said, putting her palm on his chest.

“All I have to do is give a little push,” she demonstrated, lifting the front legs of the chair off the floor. “And you'd fall right over. Probably hurt yourself. Sit still?”

He nodded, his face burning with embarrassment.

She walked behind him and did something to the rope on his wrists. No quick release now.

“There,” she said, brushing her hands together theatrically. “Isn't that better? Now you're really tied up.”

She sat down on the floor facing him.

“I saw your lights so I came to say hello but I peeked in the window first and, well...wow! Took me a few seconds to realize – you did this to yourself!”

She looked him over, ignoring the muffled complaints issuing from under his gag.

“I know it's called self bondage. It's a sexual thing. But you just sit there. I mean, I watched you for over half an hour. Your eyes were sorta half open and glazed over. And you twitched once in a while. Like a dreaming dog. Didn't look like you were masturbating. So where were you? What's the deal?”

He grunted some more.

“Oh, yeah, right. Lemme just...” She reached behind him and removed the gag. “I'm gonna leave you tied up though. From what I've seen, you're kinda weird.”

“Can I have some water?” he asked, licking his lips, trying to buy some time.

“Water? Sure.”

She pulled a bottle from her pack and helped him drink.

Being caught in the act was one of his greatest fears. The utter humiliation of being laughed at while in such a vulnerable state was horrifying. He had been so careful. A little trailer at the end of a private dead end road in the middle of nowhere. Although he had used a lot of rope, there were no intricate knots, with just a simple twisted loop for his wrists. He had timed his escape from this particular chair tie at less than a minute. Nothing could go wrong. Except he hadn't felt her watching. Hadn't heard her climbing the stairs and opening the door. Or else he had felt her presence and had incorporated her into the vision.

“So I count, let's see, seven, no eight ropes, three mirrors and a two piece gag. Lotta stuff. Did I miss anything?”

“Nine ropes,” he said sheepishly, nodding at his lap.

“Oh! I see. Under the cutoffs. So it is sexual.”

“Well sorta,” he replied. “Listen, couldn't we have this conversation after you let me go?”

“No, not a good idea.” She smiled mischievously. “Kinky guy like you, all alone out here, you'd probably wanna tie me up and do unspeakable things to my helpless body all night. No, I don't think so. I'm comfortable with things the way they are. So. You were about to tell me. Is this some elaborate way to jerk off, or what?”

He sighed. “Do you have any idea how absolutely mortified I am? This is my place and I'm doing something very personal and very private. You're trespassing. And, technically, this is probably kidnapping.”

“Oh relax,” she said. “I'm not gonna hurt you. And you're not gonna call the cops. You think you're mortified now, wait til you try explaining this to a bunch of DA's and such. Besides, isn't this what happens in the fantasy stories? Some hottie comes along and catches you all tied up? Of course I'm no Jennifer Aniston.” She laughed, self consciously patting her ample hips.

“But still, here I am. And there you are, all trussed up.” She reached out and gently stroked his bare chest. He involuntarily shivered at her touch as he felt himself begin to respond.

“So I can go if you want, but I gotta figure out a way for me and your distributor rotor to get a good head start. Or I could stick around, you could stay tied up, and we could have a little chat. Your choice.”

“Please, don't mess with my truck!” he begged. “I'll do what you want. I don't know who you are or where you came from. I won't try to follow you. Just tell me what you want.”

“I think I know how to do this now,” she said, and set about retying all his carefully arranged slip knots into tight little square knots. It would now take a lot longer than a minute to free himself from the chair. After making sure he was secure, she gathered up his collection of emergency rope-cutting implements and took them outside, then resumed her seat in front of him.

“Tell you what,” she offered. “If it'd make it easier, I'll go first.”

“Go first at what?” he asked.

“My story,” she replied. “Why I'm here. Shall I?”

“Please, go ahead.”

“I'm a peeper.”

“A peeper?”

“Yeah. I like to peep in windows. Just to watch what people are doing, how they live. Not in a sexual sense. Just peeping. I make up stories about 'em. And before you say anything, yeah, I know it's weird. Maybe not as weird as what you do, but still, I know it's unusual.”

He squirmed and felt the blush returning.

“And I also know it's dangerous. There's some real old-west kinda guys up here who might shoot first and ask questions later. But they mostly know me as 'That Crazy Witch Lady' so if someone sees me wandering around in the dark, they'll likely just shake their heads and shoo me off. Besides, a little danger adds to the fun. And by the way, this isn't the first time I've peeped you. I once sat behind your trailer and listened to you play your guitar for a while. But I never saw you all tied up before. So now it's your turn. How come you're all roped up to that chair with all these mirrors, hmmm?”

“Okay, here's the deal. It is sexual. Or it started that way. But now it's, well, I'm not sure what it is. When I was a kid, I discovered that I could tie myself up, wriggle around a bit, and boom! instant orgasm. Then the tie-ups started to get more elaborate and eventually it became so time consuming that the payoff wasn't worth it. There were easier ways to masturbate, so the bondage tapered off. A while back I tried it again, but this time with a goal of seeing how excited I could get without ejaculating. The idea was to learn to last longer, to be a better lover. And what happened was, as I spent longer and longer amounts of time in sexual denial, I'd find myself drifting into a trance state. Not asleep, but not really awake. Sometimes I have dream-like visions. I was just getting into one when you came busting in,” he added petulantly.

“Sorry,” she said, as if she meant it. “So you don't have orgasms when you do this?”

“Not usually,” he replied. “And when I do, it's often related to what happens in the vision.”

“So tell me about the visions,” she asked.

“They're all different, but they usually start with me floating through a doorway. Then things start to happen. Most of them are in my notebooks. But I could tell you a couple of them. When do you suppose I could get out of these ropes? I've been here for...” he craned his neck to look at the watch on her arm “...jeez, over an hour!”

She ignored his question and started leafing through the notebooks and drawings that were piled on the table.

“Nice drawings,” she murmured. “Some of these are pretty hot. No wonder you get off on this.”

“Hey!” he cried indignantly. “That's really personal stuff.”

“Oh hush,” she said. “Don't make me put the gag back in. I'm reading here.”

He subsided into resigned silence as she made her way through his writings and pictures. Suddenly she looked up, her eyes wide with surprise.

“This is too strange!”

He nodded, almost sadly. “You got to the story where a woman found me tied to a chair, didn't you?”

“You mean where I found you tied to a chair. But what does this mean?! How could you know? It's not exact, but damn near. You've even got me saying I don't look like Jennifer Aniston! And you think I have 'ample hips', do you?” She shook her head in mock disapproval.

She picked up the last notebook again. “Let's see what happens next, shall we?”

Having written the words she was reading, he knew what happened next. Eventually she smiled and put down the notebook. She placed the bag of remaining ropes in easy reach on the table and moved behind him.

“Open wide, dear,” she said, as she held the gag up to his mouth.

Uh-oh, he thought, as he opened wide.
