---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Renter 15&16
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- n/a
---

(story continues from [**The Renter 13&14**](renter07.html))

 \*
\*
**The Renter**
**by Studbound**
Chapter 15 Robbery

Now, as I've said, I'm a rather sound sleeper. But for some reason,
I woke up Saturday night. Something didn't feel right, and I couldn't tell
what it was. I heard something - maybe felt something - to this day I don't
know what it was. I thought someone looked into my room, and then went
away. I listened, and dimly I thought I heard voices. It's two flights
down from my room to the main floor, and, after pulling on a pair of boxer
shorts, I slowly moved out into the hall and to the head of the stairs.
I was then sure that I heard voices - men's voices.

I went down stairs slowly, finally getting to the main floor. I walked
into the living and was stunned to see Victoria sitting in a chair with
a man next to her. He was dressed in black, his face covered, and he clearly
had a gun pointed at Victoria. 
Unfortunately, he saw me.

"You," he shouted. "You get in here and do it quick if you don't want
to see her get hurt."

I slowly walked into the living room, and stood near Victoria. Another
man appeared out of the back bedroom. "No furniture here," he said, "But
some good stuff in the other bedroom. "I'll check upstairs."

Before he could go, a third man appeared out of the kitchen. "You won't
believe what I found in the basement," he said. "Where did he come from?"

The man with the gun explained that I had come down the stairs.

"Anyone else in the house?" he asked us.

"No," I answered honestly. Ruth had gone home to see her parents, and
Lila was out on a very late date - maybe sleeping over with her boy friend,
I didn't know.

"Bring them down the basement," said the man who had come out of the
kitchen. I think we can take care of them really well. And be careful,"
he warned, "the door shuts behind you and if it closes, there's no way
out."

All five of us headed to the kitchen, and down the stairs. Once inside
the dungeon, careful to block the door so it wouldn't lock them in, the
two men who had been upstairs were astounded at the equipment they found.
While the third man took the gun and held it on Victoria and me, the others
walked around looking at the straitjackets, gags, harnesses, bondage chairs,
and so on.

"What do you do here?" asked one of the men.

"We tie people up," said Victoria flatly.

"Really!"

"Really," she scowled.

"Well, lady, I think we're going to tie you up. How about that?"

"Whatever," she said.

After some discussion, the three men settled on the two large X-shaped
crosses against the far wall.

"What do these people wear when you tie them up?" asked one of the men.

At this I shuddered, wondering what Victoria would say. "Nothing," she
shot out quickly.

"So, strip sister," he demanded, and then he looked at me and said,
"You too buster."

So Victoria and I stripped, piling our clothes on the bondage chairs
in the middle of the room. Then while the third man held his gun at the
ready, the other two took us to the crosses. They figured out how the straps
worked, and after a while, Victoria and I were securely bound, each to
our own cross. Once we were trussed up, the third man put away the gun,
and walked around.

"Are these gags?" he asked looking at Victoria.

"What do you think, fool," she snapped.

"This one should fit you just fine," he said. He took the ball gag down
from its hook, took it over and after a bit of a struggle and a little
resistance on her part, got it into Victoria's mouth. He fastened the straps
while one of the other men picked out a leather gag for me. Now both of
us were secure in place and gagged.

All three men explored the dungeon. They found a cupboard with its supply
of duct tape. For fun, they reinforced our gags with wraps of the silver-colored
tape. They found the little locker with the padlocks, and realized that
all of the strap-fittings on the crosses could be locked in place. Slowly,
they brought out locks and put them on each strap that bound both me and
Victoria. The man who had carried the gun pocketed all of the keys. I groaned,
wondering how we would eventually be freed. They even removed enough tape
to put a lock on the gags, and then retaped them in place. We were really
bound up good and proper as if we were meant to stay there for a while.

Finally, the men tired of the dungeon, and the leader, the one who carried
the gun, indicated that they needed to get going before someone else found
them.  Taking all of the keys, they turned off the lights, leaving
us in darkness, and left, letting the door close behind them.

In the quiet of the dungeon, we could hear the men upstairs now and
then. It sounded like they were really tearing the house apart. We could
only guess what they were taking, and what they were damaging.

Victoria and I stood bound to our respective crosses all the rest of
the night. It must have been some time the next morning that we heard noise
upstairs - what sounded like a scream. We learned later that it was Lila
who had finally come home, walked in, and discovered that the house had
been robbed, that much of the furniture had been taken, and that the place
had been more or less ransacked.

Lila apparently called the police. Victoria and I stood in the dark
and waited. Considerable time passed - we learned that the police aren't
really quick to respond to domestic burglaries. But finally a policeman
came. He spent some time with Lila, and then decided to look around. Finally
he found his way into the basement, the dungeon light came on, he walked
in, and stood still in his tracks -- unfortunately letting the door swing
closed behind him!

Not realizing that he was now locked in, he walked over to us saying,
"What the hell is going on here?!!!"

I made what noise I could in the gag, but the cop just looked around
the room like he had never seen anything like it before, which was probably
true. Eventually he approached us, and looked at the straps that held us
to the crosses, moving his hand to the padlocks.

"Somebody didn't want you two go to anywhere, did they?" he asked rhetorically.
"How the hell do you expect to get out of here?"

Well, naturally, we didn't answer. Victoria was the stoic one, I mumphed
and grumphed into my gag, but that didn't do any good either.

"I got to get some help," he said. "Nobody is going to believe this."
Then the cop turned and walked toward the door. That was when he made his
discovery. He was locked in. He started shouting and hollering, banging
on the door, and making all the noise he could. After about fifteen minutes,
Lila finally came down, opened the door, and walked in.

"Oh hell," she said, looking at the two of us bound to the two crosses.
She saw the locks on the straps, and went to the cupboard to get the keys,
which, of course, were gone. "Did they take the keys?" she said, looking
at us.

"Mmmmmm MMmmmmmmm," I screamed, nodding my head up and down.

"We need bolt cutters," said Lila to the cop. "Do you have any in your
car."

"Lady, we don't hardly ever need bolt cutters," he said. "I'll have
to go and try to find something."

With that, the cop left. Lila stayed with us until he returned, about
an hour and a half later. Quickly the bolts were cut away, and we were
freed.

Dressed, and upstairs, we gave statements to the police - there were
four or five on the premises now, looking about at our equipment, noting
what had been stolen. Of course, the television sets were gone, and all
the computers in the house. Some of the furniture was gone too.

The police said that a gang had been working the neighborhood, and this
looked like their work, although they had never left anyone so elaborately
bound and gagged before.

We never did get back the things that had been stolen, but insurance
covered some of the loss, and the women upgraded some of the things as
they replaced items.

I had to chuckle a week or so later. I was sitting in the living room
on the sofa, one of the things not stolen, when two men came for a bondage
session with Victoria. I knew I had seen them somewhere, and finally I
realized that they were two of the cops who had investigated the robbery.
Victoria told me later she did a nice job on them, securing them to the
crosses and keeping them there for a few hours. I never knew who might
come around wanting to be tied up, and I was often surprised.

Chapter 16 The Donation

After my birthday party, Janice and I more or less announced our engagement,
avoiding any questions about what, exactly, we had been doing at the time
of the proposal. I doubted that some would understand why I was naked,
bound and gagged at the moment that I asked Janice to marry me. Since then,
Janice and I had made very good use of the rope, cuffs, and gag that I
had received as birthday gifts. I discovered that Janice was indeed excited
at the prospect of keeping me tied up, and my only fear was that she would
get carried away with it some time. So far that hadn't happened.

It turned out that the web site, for which I posed, brought in new business.
A flow of unfamiliar men and women came to the house looking to be tied
up, and increasingly often one of the women had to turn people away or
book them for a later date. Lila also had many new business cards printed,
all showing the URL for the web site, and the three of them tried to spread
the cards around town.

In the days following our robbery, Ruth, Lila, and Victoria had been
working to return the house to normal. In the process, they decided that
they needed to clean out things that they no longer needed. Four boxes
appeared in the living room - one large packing crate about four feet on
a side which Lila found in the garage, a cardboard box that Victoria got
from a store that sold appliances, and two wooden boxes that once held
apples which Ruth said she brought from home. The wooden boxes appeared
to be quite old as I don't think anyone has sold apples in boxes for a
long time.

Clothes, a few appliances, used sports equipment, some pieces of furniture,
unused pots and pans, books - many books - all went into the respective
boxes. It took about a week, but slowly the house took shape, and the three
girls cleaned out their closets, storage rooms, the kitchen, and the rest
of the place. I even added to the pile, throwing some of my out-of-date
clothes into the large packing crate. Lila had contacted the Goodwill and
they agreed to come around and pick up the donation.

Lila and I were eating lunch in the kitchen, and Ruth was working up
in her bedroom, when someone came to the door. Lila answered it, and brought
in a man who she introduced as Chuck. Chuck worked for a company that sold
bondage equipment, and he was in the city, passing through on his way to
deliver some thing to another party some distance away. Lila, Ruth, and
Victoria had been good customers of the company, and so Chuck had been
instructed to drop by and see if there was anything the women wanted to
order, and in the process, demonstrate a few new gadgets and devices. We
sat in the kitchen and chatted for a while. Chuck talked about things that
were now on the market such as Velcro fastened arm binders and leg binders,
and a variety of gags that were supposed to be more efficient.

One item that caught Lila's eye was what Chuck called the "Easy Bondage
Box." Chuck said it would be best to demonstrate, and as it happened, he
had one with him. We watched while Chuck went out to his truck, and brought
in, on a hand truck, a black wooden box. It stood just over two and a half
feet high, about two feet wide, and about three feet long. The top opened
on hinges at the back, the front opened with hinges on the side, and there
were hasps that could be used to close those two doors and lock them. The
bottom and back of the box was padded with thick foam. I noted some holes
in the side of the box.

Chuck said it would be easiest if he could demonstrate, and asked if
I would be willing.

"Willing to do what?" I asked demonstrating considerable naiveté.

"Willing to let me put you in the box," he said.

"What do I need to do?"

He turned to Lila - "How do you want people dressed when you tie them
up?" he asked.

"We have them either nude, or in one of these." Lila walked to the cupboard
and brought out a jock-o-thong.

"Put this on," he said, handing it to me. "You have been tied up before,
haven't you?" he said.

"Yes," I said as I went into the back bedroom, stripped, piled up my
clothes, and pulled on the tiny jock-o-thong.

When I returned, Lila stood there holding a leather plug gag. She walked
up and started to put it on me.

"Not so fast," I said, turning my head away. "First of all, this is
just a demonstration, so I don't think a gag is necessary."

"Yes it is," said Lila firmly. "It has to be a real demonstration, and
we always gag clients."

"OK, granted," I admitted, "But then I stay in the box tied only for
the length of the demonstration – which should last only a little while.
The you let me go right away, agreed?"

Grumbling, Lila agreed.

"After all," I added, "how many times have you told me to nail down
an contract before I let anyone tie me up?"

"You're right," said Lila as she inserted the gag, and then cinched
it up as tight as it would go – probably tighter than it needed to be.

Chuck came over to me with a length of light rope about ten feet long.
He bound my wrists, tying the rope and cinching it careful to see that
no knots were near my fingers. Then he guided me over to the box. With
his help, I sat down with my back up against the padded back of the box.
My shoulders almost touched the box on either side, and I could tell that
when the lid was closed, my head would just barely clear the top, maybe
touch it also.

Once seated, Chuck had me draw up my legs so that my knees were bent
and my heels almost touched my body, so that my feet were inside the box.
Chuck had me put my arms down on either side of my bent legs with my tied
wrists in front of my ankles. Moving to the side of the box, Chuck picked
up a long black rod, and he stuck it into a hole in the side of the box
The rod passed over my bent elbows, under my knees, and out the other side
of the box. I then saw the simplicity of the device. There was no way I
could move my arms much, or squirm around much in the tight confines of
the box.

"... and the padding cuts noise, so even if he tries to say anything
in that gag," Chuck continued talking to Lila, "it would be hard to hear
him unless you listened closely." Chuck then explained how he used cotter
pins to fix the rod so that I couldn't dislodge it. I was in that box for
sure as long as they left me. Fortunately, I had negotiated a quick release.

Chuck then closed the front door of the box, and then lowered the lid.
I could hear him shut the hasps, and he told Lila that he was then putting
a lock on each hasp.

Lila commented on how she liked the box a lot, and would probably order
two of them. Then, after talking about the box, Lila asked Chuck if he
would go with her into the dungeon and look at some equipment that seemed
to be causing some problems. He agreed. Lila said into the box, "We'll
be right back, Dave. We want your impressions after you're been in there
ten or fifteen minutes. That's part of the test."

I sat in the darkness of the box, able to see only little pin holes
of light that indicated the air holes. I waited.

Then heard something - faint in the distance. Knocking. And a voice.
"Is anybody there? Hello! Is someone home?"

"I'm here," I heard Ruth shout down from upstairs.

"We're here from the Rescue Mission for your donations."

"Take all the boxes in the living room," I heard Ruth shout.

"Okay, lady."

I couldn't make out everything the men said – there seemed to be two
of them, but they set about moving out the boxes, getting a hand truck
for the large crate. Then, suddenly, I felt the box I was in being moved,
jostled around. I moaned and shouted into the gag, but between the padding
and their chatter, they either didn't hear, or ignored me. They moved the
box, not careful when they bounced it down the stairs to the street level.
I felt it move, and then apparently they lifted it up into a truck, shoved
it around a bit, and then left. I heard loud noises - maybe doors closing.
Then I felt the motion. They were driving away, with me, bound, gagged
in the box in the truck!

It seemed to go on forever. My best guess was that they were making
pick-ups all over town. The motion stopped for a while now and then, sometimes
for longer than others. Finally, the motion stopped, and I heard nothing.
And that seemed to go on forever too.

At last, I heard things. I made what noise I could, but nothing. Then
I felt someone move the box. They slid it across the floor, and dropped
it down once, jolting me in a most uncomfortable way.

"What's in the box?" I heard someone say.

"Don't know. It's locked."

"Well those locks aren't anything special. Get that box of keys over
there, and see if one of them will open either of those locks."

I heard fiddling, I grunted, but nothing. Finally, I heard someone say,
"Hey, this key works. It works on both locks."

"Good, open the box."

The lid opened, and I saw a strange face look in. A kid with long straggly
hair, pierced ears up the gazoo, a pierced nose, and a broken tooth. "Holy
shit," he said. "There's a doooood in here!"

Another face appeared, and the two of them looked at me with considerable
disbelief. Now it was obvious that neither of these guys were the brightest
lights in the forest. That really showed when one of them said, "Why would
someone give this away?"

About that time, a third man appeared - one who looked a bit brighter.
"Get away," he said. "There's been a mistake and you two idiots took a
box you weren't supposed to take. There's been a woman on the phone hysterical
about this box. She should be here any time now, so close the box, and
pretend like we never looked inside."

So, those giant intellects, despite my protests, closed the box and
replaced the locks. Some time later, Lila arrived, opened the box, and
let me out, removing the gag and untying my hands. She had brought some
clothes, so I dressed. The three men sat and watched like it was some kind
of a show. Lila and I thanked them for looking after me so carefully (yeah,
right!), and then we lifted the box and carried it our to Lila's car where
we managed to get it in the trunk, with the lid open, and we drove home.

Lila was a mass of apologies for what had happened. But she did want
to know what I thought of the box. I endorsed it. Nice device. I'm sure
there are people who will love it. Maybe not for as long as I was in it,
but they will love it. In the end, she bought three. One went in the main
floor bedroom. The others went in the garage.

End of Part 16
**[The
story continues in](renter09.html)**
**[Part
Seventeen](renter09.html)**
 21/02/02

story continues in [**The Renter 17&18**](renter09.html)

o0o
