---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Snuggie Walk
authors:
- theitguy
tags:
- Sbm
- M-m
- mpov
- rope
- toys
- remote
- tease
- public
- zipties
- caught
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-07-21 00:00:00
---

First a little about me, I had always enjoyed the risk of self bondage and the only thing better was being tied up by someone else. Over the years the fantasies had turned into realities as I found other people that were willing to tie me up; these always had limited and downsides as they never wanted to go as far as me; even when I got married the wife had always been willing to let me play out my kinky side but it had always had limits and lines that should not be crossed.

A work trip out of town that I did solo would give me the chance to stretch out what I was able to do as I would have no supervision this trip and have time to kill before I had to get to the office in the morning. I packed up a collection of rope, my big fuzzy snuggie and my internet enabled vibrator and headed out the door as this was going to be my big chance.

After driving to the hotel and getting settled I figured out the route I was going to take, there was a convenience store only about a mile and a half away from the hotel and that would be the target of the walk with the excuse being that I had gone up there to get a soda as everything else had closed for the night. Using the rope I firmly tied the vibrator in the perfect place to jiggle my balls and cock and ran the rope off my shoulders; then tied all together I walked around the room for a while to make sure that it wouldn't come undone.

Afterwards I grabbed a remote control link with a one-minute-per-person timer and then posted it online on a forum I had used for such adventures with the note of "have fun with me while I walk" and threw on the snuggie and my shoes on, ziptied my wrists together inside the pocket of the snuggie and walked out of the hotel room dress in nothing more and started to head to the store.

I had just made it outside of the lobby when the toy jumped to life as someone had found the link and was adjusting it. It didn't take long for me to be rock hard and I realized that there was a flaw in my plan, while hard it was painful to walk tied up and the soft snuggie was dragging back and forth across the head of my penis. I decided that this would all be part of the fun and kept on walking and much to my disappointment the link timed out for that user so I was left uncompleted. My hands were stuck too high up to do anything about it and I slowly started to shrink back down, however after only a few more minutes the toy was back alive again but again their turn timed out before I was able to finish, this process happened over and over again as I continued to walk to the store.

Listening to the pace / directions in my headset I realized that I was not making very good time and it was going to take almost two hours to make the round trip and I wondered if I should just go back to the hotel; however the toy sprang back to life right as I was thinking about it and it inspired me to keep on trekking even though at this point all I wanted to do was cum but had no way to finish on my own. After forty five minutes I was finally almost to the store and it started to drizzle. This caused a couple of new issues starting with that it would be very cold if I got wet and that the snuggie would stick to my body and make it really clear the sort of trouble I was up to. This would require a plan change so I decided to go into the store and look around while I tried to wait out the rain and come up with a plan for if it didn't stop raining soon.

In hindsight I should have realized how suspicious I looked. I was dressed in a snuggie with bare legs below the knee, wasn't taking my hands out of the front pocket, and trying to avoid people so they couldn't hear the toy kick in when people would start to use the link again. After about ten minutes of shopping I heard a deep voice behind me say "can I help you?" and I turned around to find this massive gym rat in a rent-a-cop uniform.

I quickly told him that I was all good and tried to walk away; he blocked the way saying "you are making the girl up front nervous, and based on how you are acting something is clearly going on."

After what seems like forever the silence is broken by the sound of the toy kicking off as someone else has clicked the link. He looks down at my waist and raises an eyebrow and says "I think it's best if you come with me."
I followed him to the back of the store and into the employee room, at this point I was rock hard as the toy was working me over and I was having to move quickly. He turned around, looked and saw the state I am in and said, "I think you have options here, you either let me look at what is going on here or I call the cops and they can figure this out."

Given getting questioned by the cops wasn't part of the plan and I am mostly sure that it will end up with me in jail I quickly agree that he can do whatever he needs to do. He reaches into the front pocket of the snuggie, finds my phone, the hotel key, and most embarrassingly zip ties holding together my two wrists. A smirk quickly flashed across his face as he pulled out my wrists and in a quick motion cut the zip ties.

"Lets see what's going on underneath this," and before I can react he pulls up the snuggie above my head and my hidden adventure is now very clear. He laughs and starts pushing me backwards, I am quickly disoriented as I am currently blind and my arms and stuck in my snuggie and most of me is exposed for the world to see.

He presses me up against a wire rack and then very quickly I hear and feel the terrifying sound of my wrists being attached to the shelf. At this point he lets the snuggie back down and tells me "I have no authority here, the girl up front is my girl friend and I am sure she is going to be very fascinated to see you and decide what needs done."
Standby for part two.
