---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Well, Shit
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- Sbf
- toys
- cuffs
- stuck
- gag
- blindfold
- caught
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2025-09-20 00:00:00
---

*Well, shit*, Alex thought to herself. She had just wanted to indulge in a little stress relief, and now she was panicking and stressing about her chosen stress relief. She let out a long sigh into her gag. Why did I think this was such a good idea? The thought crossed her mind just as the vibrator tied to her pussy started up yet again.

“Mmphh!” was all that came out of her throat as the bane of her existence for the last two hours started stimulating her again. The sensation between her legs spurred her tired body back to action. She began feeling around her room with her bare feet, frantically hoping to feel something metallic. All Alex could feel though was the cold wooden floor on her soles and toes. She tried to sweep across swathes of floor quickly, well at least as much as the ankle shackles and hobble chain would allow, desperate to find the errant key that held her in her current predicament.

The heat between her legs grew as the vibrator started an all too familiar 5-minute cycle, slowly ramping up from barely noticeable to its maximum setting. Alex, despite her best efforts to stay focused on finding the key, that little metal bastard, kept getting distracted as the vibrations between her legs continued to grow. Grunts and pants were now coming out past the ball gag she’d wedged into her mouth and locked onto her head when this all started. She flicked her right foot out only to stub her toe on the corner of the bed. “Mmphh, Fugh!” escaped her gagged mouth. She wondered how she had ended up back over by the bed. She was sure she was closer to the dresser. With Alex’s poor sense of direction and the blindfold currently padlocked over her eyes, she couldn’t help but wonder if it really was a surprise she had been so far off.

Just as her toe’s pain began to subside, the vibrator reached the zenith of its cycle. “Mmphh! Mmphh!” she moaned into her gag, her body doubling over at the waist as the sensation took her to the edge of orgasm. Just as her knees buckled and slammed to the floor, the vibrator cut off suddenly, leaving her just shy of the desired destination.

Her frustration was unreal. For two hours the plastic devil at her crotch, held there by a rope tied off by Alex herself, had teased her to the edge of too many missed orgasms. She screamed as loud as she could into her gag, throwing herself onto her back. Just a few more seconds was all she needed each time, but each time those precious few extra seconds failed to materialize thanks to the uncaring tormentor’s preprogrammed setting. Thinking about being bound and edged like this caused her to thrash against her bonds. Her arms pinned behind her flailing side to side as the handcuffs binding them gave no quarter and scrapped against the wooden floor. She slammed her legs and feet down several times, the rattle of the short hobble chain running between the two ankle shackles a mocking jingle reminding her of the current predicament.

Alex took in her situation, a couple of hours earlier she had locked a variety of bondage items on herself to enjoy a bit of kinky relaxation. She knew it had been two hours because she had set up a recurring hourly timer on her phone. The annoying chirp had gone off twice now taunting her. She couldn’t actually see anything thanks to the padlocked blindfold covering her eyes. In fact, most of her restraints were locked on with a set of small padlocks she used for her fairly frequent self-bondage sessions. Besides her blindfold, the ball gag in her mouth and the collar locked around her neck had small padlocks ensuring Alex needed keys for them as well. The ankle shackles and handcuffs she wore were locked on, and each needed a separate key. The only restraint that didn’t require a key was the damn rope harness she had, in her wisdom, tied around her waist and looped through her crotch to hold the buzzing bastard in her pussy. Even this wasn’t something she could remedy, as she had tied it off on her front side where her handcuffed hands couldn’t reach. Damn her own foresight on that.

Of course, none of this would have mattered normally. The keys to the cuffs and padlocks were all held in a safe next to the bed, and her practiced hands usually had no issues opening said safe with the one key she had for it. Alex huffed at the words “usually” and “normally” in her head. That one key that opened the safe containing the rest of her keys had decided to walk off and play a terrible game of hide and seek with her bound and blinded form. Well, really it had just been a stupid careless move on Alex’s part, but she was in no mood to take culpability for that particular fuck up just yet.

The vibrator buzzed to life again, its infuriating five-minute cycle starting again. Alex tensed feeling the pleasurable sensations return, but knowing they would stop just before the finale. As she approached that peak, she started trying to rub her nude self across the floor in the hope it might give her just that little extra boost to get her across the finish line. As her tits and crotch ground down on the hard, but cool, wood she could feel herself edging ever so close. Her frustrated mind began to think she might at least get that orgasm she had been chasing finally, but fate and the uncaring plastic monster at her pussy seemed to disagree. With an orgasm just in reach the machine once again fell suddenly silent.

“HHMMMMPH!,” She screamed into the ball gag, her feet slamming into the floor repeatedly. Alex threw a small tantrum for several minutes. Eventually, Alex managed to get herself back under control a bit. At this point, she didn’t care if she found the missing key or she finally got an orgasm, she just needed one of those to happen now. With the vibrator off and her hands bound, the latter option was not going to happen anytime soon, so Alex stumbled back up to her feet. Blinded, she tentatively began to feel around her bedroom again with her feet.

She couldn’t figure out where the safe key had gone. Earlier she had heard it clatter from its usually safe place on her nightstand. She had invertedly kicked the nightstand after 30 frustrating minutes of the edge play. It had all sounded like fun and games. A bit of exquisite teasing before she released her restraints and turned the infernal plastic devil up to its max setting and got the real release she craved. Instead, she had spent two maddening hours edging herself thanks to one errant and careless kick of frustration. If only she had a backup key. She knew there was a strong possibility that the small key had gotten wedged under a piece of furniture where she might never find it. She shuddered at the thought. What would she do if that was the case? No, it had to be within reach, she just needed to find it. Her toes extended out hoping to graze the small piece of metal that held the promise of two different forms of release.

Her mind focused on her predicament, and the maddening need for an orgasm must have dampened her senses a bit because she was completely surprised when she heard someone inside her apartment call out her name. “Alex, are, um are you okay?” a soft delicate and unsure feminine voice tentatively called out.

Alex’s mind raced, how was someone in her apartment? She knew she had turned the lock on the doorknob; sure, she had forgotten the dead bolt, but just the lower lock should have been enough. Then like lightning it hit her, she had been having issues with the door latch for the knob. The building manager had assured her that it was taken care of two days ago. The lazy bastard must have lied.

“Um…Alex, is everything okay? I kept hearing knocking and banging…I just thought I’d see…y-you know if you are, um okay?” the concerned and soft female voice continued drawing closer as the intruder appeared to be coming down the apartment’s hallway. Alex faintly recognized the voice, but couldn’t quite place it yet. The person at least knew her name.

Alex’s eyes were wide behind her blindfold, unsure what to do. Her first reaction was to remain quiet and hope the person would simply go away so she wasn’t caught in her current compromising predicament. On the other hand, a small rational voice at the back of her panicked mind reminded her that there was a strong possibility she would need someone to find the missing key for her, and this might be the one opportunity to enlist some help. She was torn. Should she try to get the person’s attention or remain quiet and wait for them to leave? Surely, they would when they got no response, right?

Then the decision was made for her. The teasing cycle on the vibrator started up again. The sudden panic at being discovered and the return of the stimulation between her legs caused her to let out a muffled, but still quite audible grunt. She bit down on the rubber ball in her mouth in an effort to stifle any further noise, but the damage was already done. To her horror, and honestly a bit of excitement, she heard the voice call out louder now, “Alex! Are you okay? W-What was that?” as light footfalls grew closer to her bedroom. Alex still couldn’t quite place the woman’s voice, but that became the least of her worries as she heard the doorknob to her bedroom turn and the door fly open. Alex froze, the damn vibrator still buzzing away.

“Oh god! Alex what happened to you?” a sweet soft melodic voice laced with concern asked. Alex heard footsteps approaching her as the disembodied voice continued, “W-What uh happened?” With a jump, Alex felt a delicate hand touch her arm. The soft touch recoiled when Alex’s body jerked at the sensation. “Um, wh-who…uh…d-did this to you?” the voice asked, trembling before trailing off like whispers on the wind. It finally hit Alex who the owner of the soft voice and touch were, it was her neighbor from downstairs.

She could picture the small, sheepish, introverted woman who lived there. She wore a beanie no matter the weather, it partially hid her platinum blond hair with streaks of unnatural blues, pinks, or purples that were always changing. The woman usually wore baggy graphic tees that depicted bands Alex had never heard of or video games she’d never played. Her neighbor always seemed to have chipped dark painted nails and dark eye liner. Not exactly Alex’s usual type, but she had to admit the woman was cute. Alex had even tried to figure out if she might be interested in women once or twice flirting with her a bit in the hallway. Her neighbor had not exactly been talkative on those occasions. Hell, Alex was struggling to even remember her name, though that probably had more to do with the situation than anything else.

It was humiliating to be found like this by someone she actually knew, even if just in passing. How would she ever face her neighbor in the hallway or at the mailbox after this? It was embarrassing, but also Alex couldn’t deny it was kind of hot. The slowly building vibrator was helping with that, but the thought of being caught by, and at the mercy of, her cute neighbor had an altogether new heat building in her.

Her fantasy was jolted by the next words out of the neighbor’s mouth, “Um, sh-should…um…should I call the police?...Yeah, that’s right…call, uh the police…” The words cut through the horny haze Alex had started to slip into. Alex panicked, it was bad enough being found by a cute neighbor, but the police? How would she explain this to them? She’d die of embarrassment. With the gag it would be impossible to tell her neighbor no, but she had to stop her somehow. Alex began shaking her blindfolded and gagged head back and forth violently, while trying to grunt out a no. The only sound escaping her ball gag was garbled and frantic, “MPPHH! MMPHH!”

Somehow it must have worked as she heard her neighbor quizzically ask, “Wait, you don’t want me to call the police?” The vibrator continued to reach towards the peak of its cycle causing Alex to fidget in her bonds. Alex didn’t want to admit that nothing nefarious was afoot, but she really didn’t want the police called either. It would be utterly humiliating, but she had to make sure her neighbor left the police out of this. Summoning whatever strength she could, she did the unthinkable and she nodded her head admitting this didn’t warrant the authorities.

At the same moment the vibrator kicked into its highest setting. Alex expected she’d make it just to the edge again before the devil device switched off again, but something was different this time. Before the vibrator cut off, she felt herself cresting into an orgasm. The mixture of the vibrator, embarrassment of being found by her attractive neighbor, and then the humiliation of admitting to said neighbor this kinky get up was not some burglar’s doing was too much for Alex’s body. As the orgasm she had been chasing for the past two hours finally slammed into her, she let out a horrendous moan, “HHHHGGGNNNGHHH!” Alex’s fit body tensed, she could feel her legs giving out, but she didn’t care in that moment. In that small moment she was in heaven. Screw that she had been found out, screw that her key was still missing, this was bliss. Her addled mind was only vaguely aware that she was falling towards the floor as time seemed to slow. Some part of her mind registered that a hard landing on her wood floors was coming and coming fast. Yet, instead of the painful impact, she felt the delicate hands from before return, and as she landed a warm soft body greeted her instead of unforgiving wood. The device between her legs cut off suddenly, but she had finally won a round against the awful thing.

Alex panted into her gag, her heart racing. Her senses began to return, the reality of what had transpired dawning on her. She went beet red; she had just orgasmed in front of her neighbor while in bondage. It was worse than that though, Alex’s body had given out and her concerned neighbor had tried to hold her up, but instead turned into a cushion for Alex’s fall. She heard a small pained groan come from the smaller woman beneath her. Fuck, Alex thought, she’d better be okay. If she had hurt the poor woman, she wouldn’t forgive herself. It was one thing for her stupid game to inconvenience or pain her; it was another thing altogether for it to harm someone else. Quickly, Alex rolled off of her neighbor’s body. She still couldn’t quite remember her name. It was something like Erin, but that wasn’t right.

Alex curled up into a ball on the floor, her entire body wracked by humiliation. The room went dead silent for way too long. Alex started to wonder if she had knocked her neighbor out with the fall. Just as Alex considered breaking the silence herself, she heard the person on the floor begin to rustle and stand up. The gentle voice returned, even more unsteady than before, “So, uh, that…um that…y-you just…and I, uh…you don’t w-want the po-police…hm, uh that was, um that was…” Alex hadn’t knocked her unconscious, but she had certainly broken her brain. A part of Alex smiled at that.

“So uh, I guess um, y-your…your boyfriend did…um, did this, huh?” The woman asked. Alex rolled her eyes behind her blindfold thinking to herself, *girl, if you only knew how far from the truth that was*. Alex shook her head. “Oh, uh, so um no boyfriend huh?” Alex’s mind clocked the odd emphasis on ‘no boyfriend’ in that sentence. Was her post orgasm mind imagining that though? Alex realized that the woman, her neighbor, had moved closer and was now squatting next to her. In a random moment of clarity Alex finally remembered her neighbor’s name, it was Eris. A bit odd, but it fit her she supposed. Alex contemplated what was next, but Eris continued to talk now in a hushed tone as if she was worried someone would hear her next words, “Uh, okay, uh…d-does uh, that um, does that mean…you uh, did this to yourself?”

Alex considered how to respond. She sat up and faced blindly in the direction the faint voice had come from, and moved her head hesitantly in a slow nod of acknowledgement. Alex thanked the fates that the vibrator was off or she might have climaxed again, as she nearly did anyways from the humiliation alone. The other woman responded in her gentle but apologetic voice, “Oh, um, I uh see…I’m s-sorry, I didn’t uh, mean to, you know, um…interrupt. I-It’s just, the banging and noises…you see, I uh thought…uh I d-don’t know uh what I thought, and then the door was ajar, so um, yeah. I’m sorry.” The awkward word vomit spewing from Eris, only made Alex think she was cuter. Besides who could blame the woman for the difficulty finding words. It wasn’t everyday you found your neighbor nude and in self-inflicted bondage.

“Uh, um, yeah…so I, uh guess um that I…uh should leave you to it, and um…r-really sorry,” Eris stumbled to her feet, and Alex heard the wood creaking slightly with each step as her neighbor made for the bedroom door. She couldn’t let Eris leave just yet; she still needed the woman’s help. Alex, with all the strength her lungs could muster, started yelling into the gag. She slammed her feet on the floor and shook her head back and forth emphatically. The tantrum appeared to do the trick as she heard the voice again, “Um, you don’t want me to g…g-go?” The last words seemed to catch in Eris’s throat a bit before she pushed them out.

Alex immediately changed her head motion to a clear nod, her yelling turning to something more like a grateful whine. The bound woman stood and shook her hands showing off the handcuffs. Then feeling about, she found and pointed to the safe by her bed. Eris had followed her patiently as she had made her way around the room awkwardly in her bondage, and now the neighbor seemed to put a part of the puzzle together. “You um, need your uh keys to get out?” Alex felt relief wash over her, she nodded again making a squeaky noise that she hoped came off as a yes. It also registered that Eris seemed to sound a little bit disappointed. Did she think Alex wanted her to stay for some other reason? The notion sent Alex’s mind to a very particular place, but surely, she had just imagined the tone.

Eris knelt down to look at the safe, her shoulder brushing Alex’s leg. A small shiver ran up the bound woman’s leg, but more than anything she was grateful that she was hopefully about to be set free. Her neighbor, still bent down, admitted, “This, um seems locked, uh I suppose the key is here somewhere else?”

Again, Alex nodded, she knew the damn vibrator would be kicking in again soon. She needed to somehow relay to Eris that she would need to search for the key. Turning around, Alex put her backside to where she thought the nightstand should be, and backed cautiously into it. Once there, she tapped her bound hands on the table top, and then made a sliding motion. As she repeated the bondage mime show a second time, Eris got the message, “The keys, they were there, but they uh, got knocked or um something? And you need me to help find them?”

This was it, she had succeeded. Eris now knew the mission; Alex was beyond grateful. “Okay, uh wait there, I guess? Um…I’ll uh find the key.” Alex could hear her neighbor rummaging through the room as the vibrator kicked back on, but it was just an annoyance at first. Thankfully she heard a small elated shout from Eris, “Ah! Found it! Just…uh, got to, um…reach it. There! Got it!” Alex, feeling the vibrator build back up, shuffled to where the bed was and sat against it. In short order, she heard the safe click open and felt her neighbor approach her, the merciful jingle of metal keys clinking the whole way. Unlocking everything proved to be an awkward process as Eris fumbled with each key and lock trying to figure out which went together. Alex remained patient, her breath panting as she rode out the vibrator’s edging cycle. Neither woman said a word as the last item, the blindfold, dropped from Alex’s body.

Finally, able to see, Alex let her eyes adjust before she took in her rescuer. The woman really was adorable; she had a sweet and awkward look on her face. Her eyes a pale blue that seemed to sparkle in the light, highlighted by the strong black eyeliner ringing them. She had a small button nose, and seemed devoid of any additional makeup. Her skin had a natural flawed beauty to it. As their eyes met, Eris’s shot to the floor. Her hand reaching up and rubbing the back of her neck. It called Alex’s attention to the mix of blond and pink hair pushed down by the gray beanie on her neighbor’s head. She was missing the flannel shirt or cardigan that usually covered her arms. Instead, her arms were completely exposed by the black tank top she wore with the letter N and the number 7 in white and red on it. Alex got her first glance ever at the other woman’s arms, which were a mosaic of color and design, tattoos running from her elbows to her shoulders.

Eris still wasn’t looking at the nude Alex as she stood and began backing out of the room. “I uh, guess that’s it, uh right? I, um, should probably get going, um but if you ever…I mean if you need, uh well, um…never mind, sorry for interrupting you!” and with that final awkward rant Eris practically ran out of the apartment.

Alex sat exhausted in stunned silence. The last two hours had been grueling, and could have been worse if her neighbor hadn’t investigated the noises she was making. The poor woman was probably traumatized. Then again…Alex couldn’t shake the feeling that there had been something else ever present at the back of Eris's voice, the way she touched Alex, and the look on her face. Alex tried to tell herself she was just too damn horny during it all and she was reading into it. Still, she felt terrible for putting her neighbor through the whole thing. She needed to march downstairs to explain what had happened and to apologize for accidently inconveniencing Eris with such a lewd display. It would be awkward, but it was the right thing to do, she thought. Her tired eyes flitted to the discarded bondage gear near the bed. A mischievous grin grew on Alex’s lips as she considered what “clothing” would be most appropriate to make her apology in.
