---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/yes_please2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Yes, Please
authors:
- Igor Stravinsky
tags:
- F/m
- M/f
- MF
- bond
- rom
- tease
- cuffs
- spreader
- gag
- blindfold
- analhook
- cons
- X
date: 2020-03-22 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](yes_please.html)

### Part 2 – No, Thank You

Dominic felt like he was in heaven. Of course, for a given value of “heaven.” There are many people in the world who would disagree strongly with his assessment of his current condition – would it be better to describe it as a “plight” or even perhaps a “predicament?” Dominic himself wasn’t sure. He just knew he didn’t want to be anywhere else, or be doing anything else, at the moment.

He was naked, tied to a sturdy wooden chair with many feet of rope. It ran around his waist, holding him firmly to the seat. It ran around his chest, pinning him to the back. It ran around his ankles and his thighs, holding his feet off the ground and his legs wide and immobile. His hands were the only thing not restrained by rope. They, instead, were held behind the chair by a pair of metal handcuffs, locked and double-locked. The shape of the chair put an ever-so-slight strain on his arms and shoulders, as he was reminded every time he pulled at them, futilely.

He had been bound this way by his girlfriend, Beth. They had discovered a mutual interest in bondage recently during a heavy make-out session, and Dominic was delighted to learn that Beth enjoyed tying him up as much as he relished being tied. He loved it when the diminutive, beautiful Beth dominated his large, athletic frame. She liked to joke that his nickname “Dom” was about the least accurate ever.

Beth had also, after tying him to the chair, stuffed a pair of her panties into Dominic’s mouth, and sealed them in with multiple wraps of duct tape around his head. He had opened his mouth and accepted them willingly, gladly even, their scent more intoxicating than strong liquor. The makeshift gag reduced his attempts at speech into a series of unintelligible groans, moans, and mumbles.

“Mph! Mph! Unh! Ah!” he forced out weakly through the gag.

He was moaning because Beth had her head in his lap, using her mouth to slowly slide up and down his hard cock, causing him to shudder occasionally in addition to his mumbled pleas. She had been doing this for, it seemed to Dominic, an unreasonably long time, and his desire was building to a point of no return. But Beth was skilled, always able to push him a little bit farther without giving him the relief he craved. That she was dressed in a red leather corset that pushed up, but didn’t cover, her breasts and matching panties only heightened his arousal and discomfort.

“Nnnnnhhh,” he begged piteously, but Beth silently kept working. Dominic tugged uselessly at his bonds, feeling he would go mad soon if he got no relief. But Beth was skilled, and he knew she enjoyed teasing him like this. He also knew that eventually she would fulfil his desire – he just didn’t know how long it would take. And the waiting and uncertainty made the satisfaction ever the greater. Beth kept gently but firmly working his cock, sucking, squeezing, sliding and licking. *Please, Beth,* he thought.

Suddenly, Beth stopped. He made a questioning grunt. She raised her head to him, and the look in her eyes stopped Dominic’s heart. She appeared incredibly sad, and he wanted to reach out to her, which was of course impossible. She slowly stood up and looked at him.

“I... don’t think I want to do this anymore,” she said quietly. Dominic tried to talk to her but was of course prevented by the panties and duct tape. Beth went to the dresser and picked up a small key attached to a chain and snap hook. She went around behind Dominic and clipped it to his handcuffs, ensuring he could grab them without dropping them on the floor. She then unzipped the corset and threw it on the bed unceremoniously, walking to the closet to retrieve an oversized rope to cover her nearly naked body.

“You can let yourself out. I’m going to watch some TV,” she said blankly, and abruptly turned and left the room. Moments later, the sound of the television came down the hall of Beth’s house to Dominic’s ears.

*What’s going on?* he thought. *Beth, what happened? Did I do something? I’m sorry!* His swimming thoughts paralyzed him for a few minutes, and he simply sat in his bonds, unable to move. His erection slowly faded, from worry, sadness, and embarrassment. He was finally able to fumble the keys into the holes on the handcuffs and pop his hands free. He then began the laborious task of undoing the seeming miles of rope Beth had attached him to the chair with. He stretched his limbs, unable to savor the feeling of freedom the way he usually did. Finally, he carefully peeled the duct tape from around his head, pulled Beth’s undergarment from his mouth, and deposited it on the bed with the ropes and handcuffs. The tape was rolled into a ball and deposited in a small garbage can in the adjacent bathroom. Dominic then covered his own nakedness with another bathrobe and walked slowly to the living room, confused and concerned. Beth sat on the couch, watching television, and did not look up as he entered.

He stood next to the couch, towering over Beth, hands deep in the pockets of the robe, silent, waiting. She finally turned her head to him.

“What?” she asked flatly.

“What?” he replied. “What? What do you mean, what? What just happened in there?” His voice betrayed his frustration at her cryptic remark.

“Thought I told you,” she continued, still unemotional. “I just don’t want to do it anymore.” She turned back to the television.

“Beth, what the hell are you talking about?” His voice rose slightly. “’Don’t want to do it anymore?’ What does that mean? Are we breaking up?” He shoved his hands further into the pockets of the robe.

“Maybe. I don’t know,” she said.

“Just like that?” he demanded. “No talking about it? No ‘Dominic, we need to discuss something?’ No care about what I think? What I feel?”

She turned to him again, emotional finally evident in her face – anger. “What you feel? This hasn’t been about anything *but* what you feel!” She started gesturing in the air. “Since the beginning of this thing, I haven’t been anything but a complicated sex toy to you! How do you think that makes *me* feel?” She crossed her arms and huffed angrily.

“How can you say that?” Dominic said, voice raised considerably now. “You wanted to do it as much as I did! You never said that you didn’t want to or wanted to do something else! I mean, am I supposed to read your damned mind? It sure looked like what you wanted!”

Beth stood up and faced him, looking up at him, but with fire in her gaze. “You don’t have any idea what I want!” she shouted back at him.

He crossed his own arms and looked down at her. “Fine!” he shouted. “Why don’t you tell me what you want?” He glared and waited.

“I want to go for walks!” Her words came out in a rush. “I want to watch movies! I want to be normal, and talk, and cuddle, and... and have regular sex sometimes! And yes, I like tying you up, and I like that you like it! But sometimes I... I just want you to hold me!” She sputtered to a finish.

“Fine!” he said. “You want me to hold you?” He picked her up around her midsection, pinning her arms to her sides. She struggled, but he easily held her small form against him.

“Let me go!” she demanded, continuing to squirm in his grip. He held her like a vise, her head nearly at his level now.

“You said you wanted me to hold you, so I am!” he said. “I’m just giving you what you want!”

“Dominic. Let. Me. Go!” Her voice was still firm, but there was a hint of fear in her eyes.

“No!” He increased the pressure of his grip slightly, immobilizing her further.

“Dominic, you’re scaring me!” Fear evident in her voice now, too.

“Why?”

“You’re going to hurt me!”

“I would never hurt you!”

“How do I know that? Dominic, please, let me go!”

“Because I love you, that’s how you know!” She stopped struggling suddenly, looking up at him with wide eyes. His grip remained firm, holding her close.

“Jesus, Dominic,” she said quietly. He inclined his head to hers and they kissed for a long time. She grew limp in his arms, allowing him to hold her tight, relaxing in the safety of his grasp. He easily continued to support her, and finally broke the kiss. Beth moaned contentedly.

“I love you, Beth,” he said again, the simplicity of his voice emphasizing the emotion behind his words. “I’ve loved you for a long time now. I’m so sorry that I didn’t think more of what you needed. You’re just so strong, and so sexy, and so confident. It was easy to forget you needed someone to think about you too.” He lowered her to the floor.

“Oh, Dominic,” she said gently. “I love you, too. I should have said something earlier.” She put her hands on his arms, stroking them slowly.

“So, then, let’s talk,” he said directly. “We need to figure this out, because it’s too good to screw up.”

“Fine,” she said, self-assured again. “Lay down on the couch.” She pointed at it firmly.

“There’s my girl,” he said, moving to the couch.

“Your girl?” Beth said brusquely. “Watch yourself, mister.” She lay down on top of Dominic, face to face with him.

“Alright,” he said. “What do you want to talk about?”

“First, I do like tying you up,” she said. “It’s not that I don’t want to. It makes me feel so good when you’re helpless –“

“Me too,” he interjected.

“Shut up,” she said. “It makes me feel... powerful. Wanted. Sexy. So, yes, that’s all good. I just need more.”

“Like?” he asked.

“I told you!” she said with mock irritation. “In fact, I shouted it at you! Weren’t you listening?”

“Sorry! Sorry!” he said, holding up his hands in surrender.

“You know. Movies. Dinner. Snuggling. TV. Just holding.”

“Well, we got that last one, for sure.”

“We did, yes. That was something.” She got a dreamy look in her eyes.

“Well, was it okay?” he asked.

“Oh yes,” she said. “You finally took charge. It felt really good.”

“You looked scared at first,” he said, concerned.

“Yes, you were a little bit scary! You’re so much stronger! But even then, I could feel that you wouldn’t really hurt me, and the fear was kind of a turn-on. I was helpless in your arms, and it felt really good.”

“Well, well, well,” he said. “That *is* interesting.”

“Stop it,” she said. “I’m trying to be serious here. I’m just glad I can feel safe and protected with you.”

“Yes, you can, Beth. I would never hurt you,” he said.

“Thank you so much,” she said sincerely. She grabbed his arms, pulled them over his head, and kissed him again, lingering joyously. She pulled away, and he got a dreamy look in his eyes.

“Well, what do you want to do now?” he asked her. “Make out? I mean, I could, you know, use a little...” He glanced meaningfully at his crotch.

“Can that wait a little? Right now,” she said firmly. “I want to watch ‘Law and Order.’” She sat up and pulled him next to her.

“Yes, ma’am,” he said, and put his arm around her, pulling her close. She nestled in the crook of his arm, humming with contentment, as they settled down for an evening of television reruns. Dominic felt like he was in heaven.

\*\*\*

The next weeks were a whirlwind, as both Beth and Dominic discovered that they were in the mood for some old-fashioned romance. They gained a deep knowledge and appreciation for each other, discovering each other’s favorite restaurants, going to the movies, making dinner, and often just talking hours into the night. Beth was still very much the assertive one, with Dominic happy to please her, developing the habit of acquiescing to her with a simple “Yes, ma’am” that allowed him to show his obedience in public without raising any eyebrows. It was a naughty secret they shared. In fact, occasionally one of Beth’s friends would make a remark along the lines of “My, you have him trained well!” and they would exchange a knowing glance. However, Dominic was also learning to be proactive about both Beth’s needs, and especially his own.

This is not to say there was no sex. There was plenty, just not any bondage, although to apply the adjective “vanilla” to their coupling would do a disservice to their passion, energy and creativity. Again, Beth was very much in command. Dominic learned that Beth would simply say “Go” in a firm voice, and that was his signal to go to the bedroom and disrobe, standing in the middle of the room with his legs spread slightly and his hands behind his head. Sometimes Beth would join him almost immediately, sometimes she would make him wait. He always stood still for her, and when she did join him, he enjoyed the way she frankly examined his naked body, his erection always growing in response.

Then, sometimes...

...she would push him down on his back, on the bed, and straddle him, slowly raising and lowering onto him, teasing him and herself as well, gradually increasing her tempo until she was rocking forcefully on him...

...she would jump on the bed on all fours, presenting her bottom to him, shaking it provocatively. He would get behind her, grab her hips roughly, and pull himself into her, both of them developing a rocking rhythm...

...she would suddenly jump onto him as he stood, wrapping her arms around his neck. He would support her and draw her closer, lowering her onto him, then push her against the wall with his whole body, thrusting powerfully...

...once, she presented herself to him in the living room wearing nothing but several strategically placed dollops of whipped cream, covering just her nipples and pussy. She raised one arm along the side of the doorway. “Cheesy, I know,” she said. “But I always thought it was sexy. Do I look delicious?” His answer was to hungrily lick the cream off her and continue licking, driving her to a frenzy...

Occasionally, Beth wanted Dominic to take control. She would say “Take me” in a breathy voice. That was Dominic’s cue. He would grab her arms, easily pinning them behind her with one strong hand. Then he would grab her hair and pull her head slightly back, dragging her to the bedroom, ignoring her half-hearted protests. He would rudely pull her clothes off, manhandling her as her protests became weaker and her breath faster. Then he would throw her on the bed, treating her small frame like a toy. He would force her legs far apart with his knees and hold her arms high above her head. She would make a feeble struggle, relishing the sensation. During these times, Beth was always ready, and Dominic would easily slide into her. Her cries would eventually change from weak objection to helpless begging. “Fuck me, please. Please!” He would drive into her almost barbarically, and she would cry out with pleasure.

And always, one, the other, or more often both of them would explode with a savage orgasm, shouting incoherently. Energy spent, they would then gently clean each other and lay for a long time, Dominic stroking Beth’s hair or Beth running her hands up and down Dominic’s muscular arms or his chest.

\*\*\*

One Saturday morning, they sat in the living room, Beth nestled in the crook of Dominic’s arm, a place she was becoming intimately familiar with.

“Dominic, honey, get me a cup of coffee please?” she asked.

Dominic raised his arm and went to the kitchen. He returned with two full, steaming cups and presented one to Beth, who took it in both hands and sipped gingerly. He sat back down next to her, and they were quiet for a long moment, enjoying the morning sounds. Finally, Dominic broke the silence.

“Who are you, really, and what were you before? What did you do and what did you think?”

They had watched “Casablanca” the night before, and though Beth didn’t remember all the lines, she knew this one and didn’t miss a beat.

“We said no questions,” she said with an exaggerated accent.

“Here’s looking at you, kid,” Dominic raised his coffee cup and took a sip.

“Hey,” she said briefly.

“Hmm?” he replied.

“How are we doing, really?” She looked at him seriously.

“Beth!” he replied in surprise. “This is amazing! *You* are amazing! I’m the luckiest man alive. What do *you* think?” He was animated, eyes glinting.

“Oh, yes!” she said. “It’s been great. Just about... the ‘other’ thing, you know?” He knew she was referring to their previous bondage pastimes.

“Beth,” he replied. “I don’t care if we never do that. You are so sexy, and being with you is such a turn-on, and the way you move is just... Mmh! My god, please don’t worry about that!”

Her expression changed from serious to coy. “Well, I *do* know it is a real turn-on for you, and I was thinking I might like to...”

“Like to what?” he asked, interested but wary.

“Well... you have been great, and I think we both have learned so much. You are amazing, too. It’s just that before, you were a little inattentive, and I don’t think you were ever properly... punished for that, don’t you think?” She ran her hand over his crotch, placing gentle pressure on him and feeling the beginning of a bulge forming.

Dominic closed his eyes, enjoying Beth’s attention. He opened his eyes dreamily and said, “Oh yes, ma’am. I have to admit a proper punishment is in order. Is that what you want?”

“I do, honey,” she said. “I do very much. Now, go,” in her firmest voice. “Down to the basement this time. Wait for me there.”

“Yes, ma’am!” Dominic practically jumped up and ran to the basement door. He was already peeling off his shirt as he went down the stairs, almost falling in his excitement. He reached the bottom and finished undressing, standing naked in the middle of the basement floor, legs spread, hands behind his head, as always before. The floor was cool on his bare feet, and the clammy air made his nipples stiff. His erection was already full and upright. He waited, silent and still, not wanting to disappoint Beth or ruin the moment, but his mind was racing.

She made him wait longer than she ever had, and if he didn’t know better, he would have thought she forgot about him. But finally, he heard her footsteps on the stairs, and she came around in front of him, still fully dressed and carrying a cloth bag that rattled menacingly when she set it down. She looked him up and down without speaking, and he kept his eyes forward. Eventually, she approached him and ever so lightly brushed her hand against the tip of his cock. The smallest whimper escaped his lips. She reached up and pulled his head down from behind so he could look at her, and finally broke her silence.

“Well, well, has someone been a bad boy?” she asked impishly.

“Yes, ma’am, very naughty,” he replied, barely able to keep still.

“I agree, very naughty, indeed,” she said, and flicked one of his nipples. He gasped. “So, the question is, what should we do about that, hmm?”

“Naughty boys should be punished,” he said, breathing heavier now. “Punished very severely.”

“*Very* severely?” she asked.

“Yes, ma’am, very, very severely,” he replied.

“Are you sure?” she asked. “I have been thinking a lot lately, and I will be *quite* severe. Be careful what you ask for.” She then grabbed each of his nipples between her fingers and started to twirl them, gradually increasing her pressure.

His voice was a whisper now, interspersed with helpless gasps as he trembled with desire. “Oh, yes, ma’am,” he breathed. “I am... quite sure. I have been... very bad... I need... the worst... punishment you can give... I trust... you will be as... harsh... as necessary, ma’am.” He could barely speak at the end.

“Fine,” she said, releasing his nipples to a groan. “Get the leather cuffs out of that bag. Lock them on. Come on, we don’t have all day!” He finally released his hands from behind his head and jumped to comply. He pulled out the cuffs and quickly fastened them as tightly as he could around his wrists, securing each with a small padlock, ensuring they would not come off without a key. He didn’t notice, but while he was doing that Beth came back with a stepladder. She grabbed a length of chain and several sturdy locks from the bag.

“Hands in front!” she demanded, locking his cuffs together and to the chain. She then climbed the ladder, pulling up his chain and locking the other end to a thick eyelet in the ceiling he hadn’t noticed before. His hands were now held high above his head, and the thickness of the cuffs and chain made sure he would not be moving any time soon.

Beth came back down from the ladder and pulled out two more cuffs from the bag. She leaned down and fastened them around his ankles. She then went to a shelf and brought back a long metal bar. She pushed, encouraging him to spread his legs farther, and clipped each ankle cuff to an end of the bar. His legs were now held spread wide, lowering his body and putting additional pressure on his wrists. He had to stretch to keep from pulling on them too much.

“There we go,” she said, satisfied. “How does that feel? Severe enough yet?”

“I think it can be much more severe, ma’am. Bad boys deserve the most severe punishment.”

“Okay,” she said. “I need to make sure that I don’t get any backtalk or trying to weasel out.” She grabbed an array of straps attached to a bright red ball from the bag. “Open up,” she demanded. “Time to keep you quiet so I can work.” We wordlessly opened his mouth wide. She had to step back up on the ladder to easily set the ball in his mouth and fasten the harness around his head. She gave each strap an extra tug before securing the buckles, eliciting a series of grunts from him. She followed the gag with a high, stiff collar that forced his head up and prevented him from turning to the side more than a few millimeters.

“Still sure you want me to be as severe as I can?” she asked, playful now.

“Mph! Ungh. Esh! Mmmmh!” he mumbled through the cruelly tight harness gag.

“Fine, here we go,” she said. She pulled a few more small items out of the bag. First, she slid a snug elastic ring around his cock, causing him to groan as she slid it all the way to the base. It seemed impossible, but it made him even harder. She then snapped a leather ring around the base of his balls and attached it to a piece of cord. She pulled the cord around the spread bar and back up yanking on his balls. His wrist cuffs prevented him from lowering his body further to reduce the pressure, so he could only remain still and grunt in protest as the pull increased beyond comfortable. When she finished and tied it off, he began to whine pleadingly.

“You said most severe,” she said. “I’m just giving you what you want. Now, what’s next? Oh yes.” She dangled a pair of clover clamps from a thin chain in front of him, and his eyes widened. “Lucky for me, those little nubs are already nice and hard. Pretty sensitive, too, I bet.” She pulled up on his left nipple and let the clamp close over it. He squealed.

“Don’t be such a baby,” she said, applying the second clamp to his right nipple. His breath came fast now, ragged.

“Mph! Unh! Ahhhh!” he cried incoherently.

“Oh, we’re not done yet,” she said. She took a hefty padlock and closed it over the chain, letting it drop.

“Nnnngh!” he cried, as the lock pulled on his nipples. She repeated the process with two more locks, leaving all three dangling from his nipples. Now, any movement of his body caused the locks to swing and pinch harder. His head was swimming. How much more could there be?

He was about to find out. Beth took something from the bag, keeping it from his view, and went around behind him. He couldn’t turn to see what she was doing, and he was nervous about what would happen. Finally, he felt something cold and hard press up against his ass. as Beth applied pressure. He squealed and began to buck, shaking his head “no” as much as he could, frantically trying to get her to stop. She relented for a moment and whispered to him.

“I know baby,” she breathed. “This is new. I understand if you don’t want to. It’s okay. But I really want you to try. For me. Please? Can you try?” She waited. He closed his eyes and held his breath.

“Mmh-hmm,” he mumbled, opening his eyes. “Esh.”

“If you really need to stop, hum ‘Happy Birthday’ and it’s done,” she said. “Here we go.” She began to push the metal hook into him, pressing the ball on the end against his ass. She had coated it with a generous amount of lubricant. “Relax,” she said. “It’s fine.” Finally, it slipped in with a grunt from Dominic. He squirmed, getting used to the unfamiliar sensation, but not hating it. Beth then attached another piece of strong cord to the ring on the end of the hook and got back up off the stepladder. She fed the other end of the cord through a ring on top of his head harness, and began to slowly pull, yanking his head back and the hook deeper into his ass.

“MMMMMHHHH!” he shouted, but persevered. Soon his head was held cruelly back, and any pulling on it jostled the metal hook now violating his backside. He wasn’t sure he could handle it, but he took several quick breaths and calmed somewhat.

“Now that's what I call ‘severe’,” Beth said. “Perfect for a very naughty boy like you.” He was restrained, clamped and pulled in every direction at once. He wasn’t sure yet if it was heaven or hell, but he wanted to give it some time and find out. Beth got back up one last time and snapped a blindfold across the front of Dominic’s gag harness, plunging him into darkness.

“Are you going to be okay?” she whispered in his ear. “Really? Just hum it and we’ll stop. Can you keep going? Can you stay like this for a while?”

“Un-huh,” was his brief reply.

“Such a good boy,” she whispered again, sultry this time. “I’m so proud of my brave boy, taking his punishment so well. I’ll leave you here for a little while to think about what you’ve done and how you can make it up to me. When I come back, we’ll see about the rest of your punishment, you naughty boy.” With that, she gave the chain connecting his nipple clamps a playful bat, causing him to yelp in pain, and then he could hear her footsteps going across the floor and up the stairs.

*The rest of my punishment? Oh, my god! How much more can there be? Can I take this? I’m not sure I can take this! Beth! Please come back! Jesus, this is so hard. But it’s so amazing!*

He writhed in his bonds as much as he could, causing pinching and pulling in his most sensitive parts, and he whined and moaned to the empty basement, and waited, unable to do more in the darkness.

\*\*\*

It seemed like an eternity to Dominic, but Beth eventually returned. He couldn’t hear her – there was no sound of footsteps – but she came up and stroked the side of his body, causing him to start, and mumble excitedly.

“How is that naughty boy?” she asked playfully. “Has he had time to think about what he did wrong?” Dominic grunted in the affirmative, unable to nod.

“Good,” she said. “Now we can finish your punishment. We’ll keep the blindfold on for now. Make it a surprise.” She became silent for a time, and Dominic strained to hear what was happening.

Suddenly, he felt a painful sting on the left cheek of his behind. She was paddling him!

“Mmmh! Ngh! AHHH! NNNNHHH!” He yelled into his gag.

“That’s right, you are getting a spanking!” she said. “I have this lovely paddle – I’ll show it to you when we’re done – to keep my hand from getting sore. At first, I thought ‘He should get ten swats.’ Then I thought that might be a little bit lenient. So, I thought that maybe we should up it to fifteen.”

“Ohh! Eeeee!” he begged, but she ignored him.

“Then I remembered what you said,” she continued. “’Very naughty, indeed,’ you said. ‘Very, *very* severely,’ you said.” He whined pitifully. “So, I finally thought that twenty-five should do the trick.”

“Ahhh! Ohhh! Leeee! Ohhh!” he shouted.

“I agree,” she said. “It won’t balance out with the same number on each cheek. So, we’ll make it twenty-six. That first one was just for practice, by the way. So, my naughty, naughty boy, get ready for your spanking.”

She proceeded to pull the wooden paddle back and deliver a firm swat to his read. He jumped and squirmed, causing the clamps to jump, the hook to wiggle, and the cord attached to his balls to pull harder. But he was helpless, and not sure he wanted it to stop. It was so painful, and yet so arousing. He was slowly being driven from sanity by each slap of the paddle. He lost count and was in a haze of pain and desire. Finally, Beth stopped slapping his ass. He started to mumble and whimper uncontrollably.

“There, there, baby,” she said. She untied the cord from his head and very gently slid the hook from his ass. He yelped as it popped free and she set it down on the floor. He held his head straight again. She reached up and pulled off the blindfold. They looked into each other’s eyes. Her eyes were warm, and his were pleading. He could see that now, instead of her regular clothes, she again wore her red leather corset, but this time with no panties. He was transfixed

“Such a good boy,” she said quietly. “You took that so well. Have you learned your lesson?” she teased. He nodded as vigorously as he could with the stiff collar.

“Very good,” she said. “Since you were so good, I think it’s time to give you a little reward. What do you think, have you earned a reward?”

“Esh! Esh! Esh! Leeee!” he begged. He was so stiff and aroused he could hardly stand it. Beth came up to him and rubbed her body seductively against his.

“Okay,” she said. “Just a little reward. We’ll see what we can do.” With that, she got down, so her head was on a level with his pulsing member. She opened her mouth and slowly took him in, sliding up and down, teasing him mercilessly, pulling on the chain connecting his clamps at the same time. She kept it up for what seemed like forever, Dominic’s whining and whimpering gradually rising in pitch and volume, betraying his increasing desperation. Finally, Beth bore down on him firmly, sucking hard and licking up and down his shaft. Dominic could bear it no longer, and experienced a powerful shuddering orgasm, yanking at his bonds and groaning loudly as Beth took him all in. It lasted for a long time, and finally Dominic slumped, hanging from his cuffs.

Beth wiped her mouth and reached up to take the clamps off Dominic’s nipples. He screamed into the gag as she opened them, feeling rushing back.

“I’m going to let you out now, baby,” she said. “Try to stay up. I can’t catch you if you fall.” With that, she got up on the ladder and released his hands from the chain, and his arms fell to his sides. Next, she unhooked the cuffs from the spreader bar, and untied the cord attaching it to his balls. He stood, unfettered again.

“Lean down, honey,” Beth said, and he complied. She undid the straps around his head and pulled the ball gag out of his mouth. He grabbed her and kissed her, tasting himself on her lips.

“Beth,” he said, and stopped. He said no more.

“I know,” she said. “Let’s get the rest of this off and clean up.” He helped her remove the cuffs from his ankles and wrists, and finally removed the leather ring around his balls and the cock ring. He was, truly now, naked. She took his hand and they went up the stairs.

The shower they took together was one of the most satisfying and relaxing he ever took. His body ached, but he was as deeply satisfied as he ever had been. They washed each other, caressed, kissed over and over. After they dried each other, they dressed simply in robes and went to the living room, cuddling on the couch for a long time, enjoying each other’s presence, saying nothing, for nothing needed to be said.

Finally, Beth spoke. “Are you okay?” she asked.

“Oh, yes, ma’am,” he replied happily. “Very, very okay. How about you?”

“Yes, definitely okay,” she replied. “That was... something else.”

“It was, yes.”

“So, I have to ask.”

“Yes, ma’am?”

“Did that naughty boy learn his lesson?”

“I’m not sure.”

“What should we do about that?”

“I think he should be punished.”

“Do you?”

“Yes. Very, *very* severely.”

“I think we could manage that. I need a little time to think of something... appropriate.”

“Yes, ma’am.”
