---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/morethaniwanted.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: More Than I Wanted
authors:
- JCB
tags:
- M/m
- bond
- naked
- boots
- cuffs
- chast
- waistcincher
- cell
- basement
- sen-dep
- hood
- collar
- pole
- straps
- stuck
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2014-04-15 00:00:00
---

What the fuck was I thinking? How could I trust a perfect stranger to do this to me? I’m not sure how long I’ve been here since he left me in the bondage I desired to be in. All sense of time has left me. Has it been just minutes? Hours? Feels more like days. It really doesn’t matter, though. I no longer desire to be here. I desire freedom. But, how far is that from now? I just wanted out!

It all started by surfing Craigslist on Thursday night. I was simply looking for a car at a decent price. But, when nothing of interest appeared, I decided to look through the personals section, mostly for shits and giggles. That’s when I came across an ad titled ‘Make Your Bondage Dreams Come True’. I’ve always played a little with selfbondage, but never been tied by another person. That’s when I clicked on the link.

The ad was just the typical CL ad. It described a man in his 40’s who enjoyed being a dominant and bringing submissive fantasies to reality in his homemade dungeon. He invited women and men to be tied up by him. Being a college-aged guy, this piqued my interest.

I just couldn’t let this chance pass by. I sent a message to him that described myself and my desires. I, of course, sent a couple images of myself to go along with the description. A reply came not too long after saying how he would love to have me come over and told me to give him a call to the number provided. We talked on the phone for nearly an hour about my fantasies and what we wanted from each other. We finally agreed to meet at his place the next night.

My mind was racing all day on Friday. I was excited and scared. Was I really going to do this? Should I just call the thing off? But, I really wanted it.

After my classes and job were done for the day, I went to the address that he provided for me. It was a house located in a normal neighborhood on the other side of town from campus. I took a deep breath and walked up to the door.

After a couple knocks, the man answered. I was surprised to find an athletic man who looked younger than his actual age. Nearly a half foot taller than me, he looked down and smiled, “Hello! Come on in. Been looking forward to meeting you all day.” I shook his hand and walked in.

He offered me some water and we sat at the kitchen table to discuss a little more about what we were about to do. Knowing this was my first time, I think he was mainly just trying to calm my nerves. After a few moments, we got up and he led me to his basement where I was amazed to find so much bondage gear and equipment. My heart was pounding so hard at this point. It almost felt like a dream at this point. Was I really doing this?

He stopped, turned around, and looked my up and down. “Okay. The first thing you need to do is strip completely down.” We discussed how I would be nude, but this didn’t make the statement any less shocking to me. I never undressed in front of another man like this before. He smiled and said, “Don’t worry. I don’t judge.” I undressed and he had me place my clothing in a combination lock box. I guess this was going to happen.

He then led me to a room in the corner of the basement where he had prepared for my bondage. The room was a small cell with four concrete walls and only the steel door as an exit. There was a steel pole in the middle of the cell that went from the floor to the ceiling. Finally, I saw a table full of bondage equipment that I knew that I would be wearing very soon.

He went over to the table to grab the first item. “I want you to put this on first. It’ll add to the excitement of the bondage.” What he held was a chastity device. I backed away. I’ve never seen one in person before and found it to be intimidating. He smiled. “Don’t worry. It’ll be fun.” I took a deep breath and took the device. After trying on the different rings and spacers to get the perfect fit, he snapped a small padlock and locked the cage onto me.

I couldn’t stop looking at the cage and soon discovered how well it worked when I found out how uncomfortable getting hard in it was. I looked up to see that he was already bringing over some leather cuffs. Each were wrapped around my wrists, ankles, and just above the elbows. Each of those cuffs were locked on with some small padlocks.

A leather waist cincher would be the next thing. Wrapping it around me, he tightened it slow enough to allow me to get used to it. With each tug, I had to work a little harder for my breath. I finally had to protest that it was too tight. He just gave a quick chuckle with one last tug and finally tied it off. I felt him doing something with the back of the waist cincher. My eyes went wide when I heard the sound of two more padlocks locking me into the garment.

He had me sit in a chair for the next part: a pair of shoes. But, not just any pair of shoes. They were ballet boots. “You’re not going to be standing or walking in them. They’re purely for visual pleasure.” They were slid onto each foot, the top of them ended just below where my ankle cuffs were resting. He tightly tied them to my feet and then the strap of each shoe went around the ankle and completed with yet more padlocks. I guess there was no running away now.

I was then helped over to the pole. Even a couple of steps in these shoes was a struggle. I couldn’t imagine standing in them for too long. He had me kneel with my back to the pole and my calves to each side of it. A padlock was used to link my ankle cuffs together. My wrists were pulled together behind my back and the pole with a padlock between each cuff. A short chain was then ran between the elbow cuffs behind the pole. This pulled my shoulders a little further back, but didn’t seem to cause too much discomfort for me. I was thankful that he wasn’t going to try to pull them any closer together.

I’m now in the position I would be stuck in for the next couple of hours. Of course, he was far from being done with. My cock tried to get hard again, but the cage once again proved it’s purpose. The next thing to come were a couple of plugs that went into my ears. While sounds were muffled, I could still hear him speaking to me.

Then, my world then went black. A leather hood was pulled over my head. The hood came built with an inflatable gag and a blindfold leaving only a hole for my nose to be exposed. He laced it until my entire head was being compressed by the leather. I couldn’t help but play with the rubber intruder that no occupied my mouth with my tongue. I knew it would soon fill to capacity and silence me.

I felt a posture collar being wrapped around my neck at this time. Not only did it hold my head in place, but sealed the hood to my head. Then came the click of another padlock. This guy really liked using those locks. Who could blame him, though? They sure did send a clear message of who was in control here. I knew I would not be getting out on my own.

Three straps were wrapped around me and the pole at my thighs, waist, and chest levels. He tightened them to force my body against the pole. A chain was then ran between the top of the hood to some place on the pole. This immobilized my head even further than it already was by the collar. My feet were then pulled up as far possible with another strap around the pole. My hands were now basically trapped between my butt  and feet. Only my knees now touching the ground. I also soon discovered my muscles were not much of a fan of this, but I thought that to be part of bondage. The excitement, the pleasure, and the pain.

The bladder in my mouth finally began to expand. He kept pumping it until I had to mmph in protest. He stopped, but then gave it two more pumps. My bondage was complete. It was beyond everything that I could imagine. Then I heard his voice.

“Alright. We are all done here. You should see yourself. You look great. I’ll take some pictures for you. I’m sure it feels great, too.”

I mmphed my approval as best as I could.

“Awesome. I got a surprise for you. Those plugs in your ears are actually headphones. They will be playing white noise for the duration of your bondage. That will cut off all outside noises from you. It will really increase your feeling of isolation. But, there is one more big surprise for you…..”

More surprises? What could he possibly do to add to my situation?

“I’m not going to let you go tonight.”

Wait, what? “MMMPH!?”

“Don’t worry. I’m not going to hurt you and I will let you go, but a lot of work went into getting into like that and I can’t just let you out after a couple hours. So….. I won’t release you until Sunday night.”

Sunday night!? That’s 48 hours away! I can’t stay like this for that long. My reaction was to struggle against my bonds and scream through my gag. But, I found that my bondage was a reality and I would not be escaping. That’s when I felt his hands on my shoulders.

“Stop. There is no need to waste your energy or hurt yourself. You’re not getting out until I release you. So, you might as well relax and enjoy your bondage. Now I’m going to turn on the white noise audio and leave you. I’ll be back in a couple nights to let you out. Have fun!” I pleaded through the gag for him not to leave as the white noise came on.

My cries would not be heard as he had already left the room. He closed the steel door and locked it shut with three heavy duty deadbolt locks. He flipped a switch next to the door that turned off the lights inside the room. The room would be left in complete darkness, although I was not aware of this because of the hood I wore. He turned around and walked up the stairs out of the basement.

Back in the room, I finally began to calm down. I knew I wasn’t getting out. I was hoping he was just screwing with me. But, he was not. I would be left alone with my thoughts….. and that annoying white noise….. for the next 48 hours.. This weekend will be the longest of my life.

This is exactly what I wanted. I was bound by another person and my freedom was now in their hands. What the fuck was I thinking?

Would love to hear what you thought of the story. You can contact me at JCBTiedUp@yahoo.com.
