---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/transformation/storiessz/whatwitchnow.html
subcategory: Buried & Sinking
title: What Witch Now?
authors:
- Shelly O'Kelly
tags:
- F/m
- M2f
- transform
- magic
- object
- bodyswap
- cons
- X
date: 2008-09-13 00:00:00
---

Jack was what one might call a peeping Tom.

He was more
sophisticated than your average voyeur, he would sneak into
places he no man had been able to before. Locker rooms, health
spas, saunas, and other places only women could go.

Jack was an excellent transvestite. He could go to the
swimming pool in a sundress, enter the women's changing room,
change clothes (in the privacy of a dressing room), come out in a
bathing suit, swim, sunbathe, etc. and none would be the wiser.

He was a small man (5'3") and of light build. He was blonde
and frequently got asked out when dressed as a woman. He always
declined, as that was not what he was after. But he appeared
female as often if not more than male.

He went to work as a man,
came home and changed into his "going out garb" and went to the
YWCA where he spent much time in the women's locker room. He
would go to the women's jacuzzi at the health spa where he was a
member (under the name of Erica Kelly). He always stayed in his
swimming suit, but not all the patrons of the jacuzzi did.
Frequently he would have to stay in the pool for long amounts of
time waiting for his erection to fade so that he might go change.

As it came to pass, a woman eventually found out what he
was, but she was no ordinary woman. She was a witch of many
centuries of power. When she found this man in his petty
voyeurism, she was mad. And she did things when she was mad.
There came a time when only the two of them were in the
jacuzzi.

She looked at Jack and said, "You have spent much time
being something you are not, now you will be many things more."

Jack did not know what she meant, and didn't have time to worry
for she made a motion and he had become a one-piece swimming
suit.
The witch smiled and put him on. Although he was an
inanimate object, he could feel everything as if it were his
skin. He was pressed against her. Her breasts were huge and
warm, her stomach was flat and firm, and her vagina was warm,
hairy and he could smell her sweet sex. She got out of the jacuzzi and made a movement, her breasts
rubbed firmly against his "skin".

Suddenly she transported them
to her mansion, by her bed. She laid down on the bed and moved
all of her body in slow, circular motions. Her skin rubbed his.
Her ass was firm, her breasts were soft, her vagina was
moistening.

She said something, and he became a dildo, long, straight
and smooth. She probed her sex with him, and his whole stiffness
warmed. Her huge vagina swelled before him, and around him as
she slid him up and down and made circles with his tip. Then she
slid him in and out, warm moistness flowed around him.
Plunged into darkness, perfectly warm, perfectly surrounded.
Slick, warm, he could taste and smell still, taste and smell
her juices, her inside skin. The smell, oh the smell and the
taste, they were almost too much, too exciting.

He was pushed
tighter and tighter, further and further, in and out, out and
in. The walls of her vagina danced around him like wonderful
arms massaging him.

When she became thoroughly aroused, she muttered again, and
he became a tight fitting teddy, with a hole in the crotch.
She put him on and he felt even more than he did when he was
a swimming suit. He could feel every move she made, every breath
she took, as if he was her skin. She put other clothing on over
him and soon he felt another body pressing him against the woman.
He felt himself being rubbed through his clothing. His body,
being clothing, was surrounded by warmth, he warmed, and grew
excited.

Slowly he felt with more intensity what her body was doing.
Slowly he discovered he had become her skin, and her lips, and
her tongue. Soon he was the woman, feeling everything, yet
controlling nothing. He could see a man and they were sucking on
his penis. He could feel the penis in the what was becoming his
mouth, feel himself/herself choking with each thrust, but he could
not pull away.
He could not control the pulse quickening inside this new
body of his. There was a growing need for contact between his
legs, only instead of wanting to slide inside his partner, his
female body begged to be penetrated.

The man they were arousing started to moan softly and the
penis was pulled from their mouth. Jack's hand held onto it as
it was guided down the woman's body. He felt it between their
breasts. His hand let go and pressed the breasts against the
man's penis. He could tell that the man was getting even more
aroused by this, but rather than stopping, his body writhed
against the hard shaft.
He could feel the growing intensity of his partner, smell
the strong masculine sweat mixed with the perfume from his/her
own sweat on the hard stomach muscles pressed in his face. The
smooth, soft arms of his body were wrapped around his lover's
torso, drawing him closer to climax.

The man slid down until Jack could feel his legs being
spread wide and the hard, warm, wonderful penis pressed against
his clitoris.
As the man's face came into view, Jack realized he was in
control of her body, she was no longer male in any way, no longer
controlled by another being. She could stop this before this man
slid inside her body.
Her lips met his, and his tongue was inside her mouth. It
felt wonderful. She responded by tilting her hips and pressing
her tongue against her lover's. She felt his tongue with hers,
breathed his breath with hers.

Suddenly, she felt the tip of her lover against her vagina.
She moved and it filled her. She moved again, and it filled her
more. With one great thrust, the man's shaft was completely
inside her.
Once again she felt controlled by another. But this time
there was no supernatural magic, it was the magic of lovers
locked in passion. With each thrust, she felt a rush of
excitement which built on the last. She pushed against her lover
with her hips and sought his mouth desperately with her own.
She found she was moaning uncontrollably, louder and louder.
She could not stop.

Then, rushing through her entire body was
the most complete orgasm Jack had ever known. And it did not
stop. Her body rocked and shook with pleasure, she screamed in
shear ecstacy and locked her legs around her man.
Suddenly, she felt his body stiffen as he thrust himself
even deeper inside her. She could feel the slight thrumming of
his orgasm. Tilting her hips, she squeezed with muscles she
never knew she had. Her lover moaned and gripped her more
tightly.

She looked at her lover and was shocked to see the
resemblance to the witch. Looking past him, she saw her
reflection an overhead mirror and was doubly shocked to see that
she was in a very real, and very female version of her male body.

"Now, you can have a choice," the warlock said, "You can be
yourself as a woman for the rest of your life, or become me as
a woman and take over my life."

"What about being me?"

"You forfeited that. I need a change of pace, and as you
are not you very much, I decided to be you." With that the
man's features changed and became Jack, only perhaps a little
more masculine than Jack had allowed himself to become.

"I'll be me as a woman, if you will take me as your wife."

"Only if you agree to bear children for me."

"I do."

And so Jack no longer was a voyeur, instead he was a happily
married couple for the rest of their physical lives.
