---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Holly 2845
authors:
- Zephyr
tags:
- Solo-F
- store
- dolls
- FM+/f
- roleplay
- sexbot
- public
- naked
- display
- touch
- fondle
- M/f
- force
- cuffs
- rough
- fpov
- tease
- susp
- clean
- boxed
- straps
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
date: 2018-06-01 00:00:00
---

*Author's Note: This story sprung from a story by another author here on the Plaza. Many stories from this author can be found in the Doll Stories section and elsewhere under the name "SparkyMira". The story "A Prank Gone Awry" was fascinating and my thoughts on how I would handle the same situation led to this story. Permisson was kindly extended to work from the same premise for which I am grateful. If you like this story you will doubtless also like the works of SparkyMira as well. I certainly do!*
*Summary: A young college woman with a dolly fetish pretends to be a high-end sex bot at a sex-bot store for a day. If she’s caught she goes to jail and her life is ruined. Can she play the sexbot and handle all that is required of her until closing?*

Leah and I had several college classes together and were very close as girlfriends. I knew she worked in a high-end sex shop, one in a huge building that sold the new sex bots and some really esoteric, hard-to-find gear for other sexual preferences like bondage or rubber, but mostly it was the biggest single place to find sex-bot dolls for about a thousand miles. All in a quiet unassuming building that looked like any other warehouse around it from the outside.

I was a thin, trim 22-year old, long blond hair, 36C pushing 36D breasts, legs that tended a little more to thin than toned, nice all-over tan that I came by naturally. In short, I could play the California Beach girl with ease although I had never been there in my entire life. In college I had a 3.45 GPA and was a little more than a year from graduation with a degree in Organic Chemistry.

I had been in to Leah's store a few times to visit her. It was clean, professional, not sleazy at all. What went on inside was a little scary, but I found the sex bots... interesting in a need to go home and have a huge orgasm sort of way. The sex bot dolls on display, if they weren't naked, were wearing things so scandalous most women wouldn't even dream of wearing it except for the few seconds just before their husband or boyfriend ripped it off their bodies and screwed them for hours. Some of the bots were still in opened display boxes, wire or heavy plastic clamps wrapped around their necks and arms and legs to hold them safely in the box. Ummm. Dollys.

When she had first given me the tour we had gone into the back and she showed me the stock aisles with some more sex bots still in their boxes leaned against the shelves, a machine where they could change a bot's hair color, a tiled area with a raised rim and a drain that Leah said was the wash stand where they waxed and serviced the bots after use. Cleaning.

Cleaning? I had asked Leah. It turned out that customers both male and a few female (there were male sex bots in the store too, of course) customers could "test drive" them with absolutely no concern or moral issues. They weren't alive, just machines. Some of the sex bot dolls were still pretty fake but some of the more expensive ones were getting better as technology progressed. Leah told me the AIs were advancing right along with the bodies. People could come in and get a first-hand look at the sex-bots. For a small price they could take one into an area in one end of the store where there were several rooms. They all had different color panels on the door, which Leah told me corresponded to the card keys they had up front that opened the door. And please, she said, no jokes about what was behind the green door. Most of them were set up like bedrooms but two were like BDSM playgrounds. Almost all of the larger equipment in them was also things they sold, so that room served a dual purpose. Leah had admitted there were times that it was obvious that one or both of the dungeons had been rented out after hours and sex bots were not the ones the equipment there had been used on. She took me on a tour of the area the second time I visited. Most of the bedrooms were like what you'd find at a high-end hotel but the dungeons were dark and had all sorts of equipment that I had heard about but never actually seen: a working rack, several types of full-body size x-crosses, stocks, spanking benches, even a branding brazier in one of the rooms. And a lot of things I had no idea about but might research later.

She ran me through the BDSM sales floor section, its own large room separate from the main part of the store. There were some deactivated bots in the room that were suspended by their wrists from the ceiling or on other equipment, playing the part of captive left to their fate in a dungeon.

We'd talk about it sometimes when we were out carousing or just blowing off steam, both the things some of the customers did when they checked out the bots as well as some of the customers themselves. Leah was lesbian and she had made it clear she thought I was gorgeous but when I told her I was straight she sighed but smiled and after offering to show me why I might like girls if I ever wanted she otherwise left it alone.

I wasn't into girls, I mean, I had dabbled in that a bit and could take it or leave it, but I had my own fantasies which tied into why I found Leah's store so interesting and disturbing. I was into dolls and doll-play, but up until now only by myself. And the thought of being one of those sex-bots, used sexually without regard or concern, was pure narcotic to me. I loved the thought, helpless, unable to speak back or protest, used for wanton pleasure and then just pushed into a closet or made to do menial chores until the time arrived for more wanton pleasure. It was guaranteed to bring a good orgasm no matter how many times I traveled that road in my mind.

I mean, it was a good fantasy. I was a bot at Leah's store, left leaning deactivated against a wall, or in a display box straps around my neck and arms and legs holding me still and on display, helpless. Men wandering by, talking about me, how much fun it would be to take me to one of the rooms and fuck me. And never knowing that they were talking about an actual woman and not a machine. Some of them doing that, and me having to play the part of the sex bot, sometimes because I wanted to, sometimes because somehow I had gotten a chip implanted in my neck and it limited my actions and responses so I seemed like one of the sex bots. And over and over being taken back to a room and forced to bring to life the fantasies the customer wanted. Blow jobs, straight sex, anal, bondage, anything, never knowing what I was going to get going in, only knowing that I must perform perfectly and not let the man realize I am real or.... well, I never came up with that but it was bad and I was really desperate to avoid it. Yeah, it was kind of out there, but it was mine.

I screwed up and told Leah about it one night when we were at her place continuing to drink after visiting a bar. I had obviously drunk a little too heavily and I said things I probably should have kept to myself, which happened more than once. She just listened. I wondered if she thought I was silly. I wondered how much I had told her, afraid that I had told her everything. She’d been to my place and it was easy for her to see I had a dolly fetish and those times I told her about my fantasies but I couldn't remember how much or how long. I do remember one part; I confessed that the thought had crossed my mind of sneaking into her store and posing as a sex-bot to see how it worked. I remembered that she had just laughed, helped by the alcohol and not at me. She said she sympathized a bit, but sometimes the sex bots got really rough treatment. Sometimes they were used as testers for the fetish equipment too. Besides, if I got caught standing orders from the store manager was to have me arrested. The dolls didn't wear much; it would be twice as bad, not just arrested, but arrested and carted off downtown and into the police station at best wearing things that make bikinis look like floor-length fur coats. Nice dream, but I was better off keeping it that way.

One Thursday she called me up. "Holly, you got to come see this. We got one of the latest sex bots and the damn think looks just like you!" She urged me to come and see it so I told her sure I'd swing by.

I came by and she took me to one corner of the store where several of the dolls were leaning against a wall. None of them were wearing clothes of course, and the level of detail looked just fine. She was right. It did look a lot like me, but the again the California Beach Bunny look I had wasn't exactly rare. The height and measurements were pretty close. The doll's hair was platinum blond and I was dishwater. It's hair was waist length, mine was only down a bit below my bra straps (when I wore them) but otherwise Leah was right. It did look a lot like me.

We chatted and talked for about an hour until the store closed. Leah mentioned they normally didn't bring out new sex bot models until Saturday around noon so if I wanted to see my twin in action feel free to stop by Saturday afternoon. After I said my good-nights and was driving home, I realized a plan was hatching. But could I do it? It was daring, but I came so hard that night I knew I had to try. The thought of my doppelganger fascinated me. Leaning against the wall until someone wanted to use it, used, then taken to the back to have all my private areas cleaned and inspected.

I didn't get to sleep until one thirty. I had a long, drawn out session, stopping when I got too close, imaging myself as that doll, being treated and handled as a robot. Finally I goofed up and went over the edge and once it was over the next thing I remembered was the alarm going off at 7 AM.

Saturday morning just after opening I breezed in. I successfully avoided all the store employees, especially Leah. I headed for the back where my twin was. It, she was still there, leaning against a wall, naked with several other dolls around it, waxy skin looking a bit too reflective, dormant, waiting. Waiting to be used. I wanted to rub myself to an orgasm right there in the store.

I took a deep breath, and decided to go for it. I wasn't wearing much, tennis shoes, shorts, and a tank top. The only thing else I had with me was the key to my car in my shorts. I looked around, no one was anywhere in sight. There were only two or three other customers in the store and they were all up front.

Off came my clothes. I folded them neatly and hid them in the back of a nearby clothes cabinet. Completely naked, shivering with excitement, I positioned myself right next to the real sex doll that looked so much like me.

I had studied up on the tech of sex-bots since finding out about Leah's store. I had played at being a dolly often at home. I knew I could hold still for a long period of time and breathe so shallow so that the movement of my chest wasn't noticeable. Good thing because a set of college guys were wandering into the area. I steeled myself for my first test. Could I pass as just another sex bot? I was so turned on I was worried I might drip. That would ruin the whole charade.

They wandered by. I held completely still, just watched them walk past me, ogling me and the other dolls leaning up against the wall.

"Yeah, they all look great." One of them reached out, grabbed my left breast and gave it a squeeze. It felt good and I was scared stiff but managed somehow not to change the look on my face or move. "It's just incredible." He said after giving my breast a second firm squeeze and shake and letting go, rubbing across my nipple as he let go. Fortunately my nipples were already firmly erect, or that might have been a problem. "They sure look nice, and they feel so life-like these days." And they moved on.

I almost felt like letting out a squeal of glee. I did it! I passed! My fantasies of being a dolly were coming true, at least for a while.

There was no one else in the area for about ten minutes after, then business picked up. I was never really able to relax after that, somebody seemed to always be in potential vision of me. I so wanted to reach down and rub myself, it probably wouldn't take 30 seconds to get me to the orgasm I more and more desperately wanted. There was one point where I got about 15 seconds working myself, and it felt so, so good, but I screamed silently as I had to stop as people were walking by. That was torture. A major lurch toward that desperately wanted orgasm and it slipped away as I held completely still as people walked by. I kept desperately wishing for just 30 seconds of alone but to my agony time after repeated time it never came. I really needed that release bad!

Then disaster struck. One of the other workers, an older woman who didn't seem like she was much fun, came by and was talking about the sex bots to a very handsome man of about 30. She noticed me and gave a frown, apologized to the customer and said that I must have just gotten in last night and she “didn't know anything about that one.” But she talked to the man about the other sex-bots. The man left and as he was leaving my blood turned to ice as she yelled across the store for Leah.

As Leah approached the woman, whose name was Harriet, called out to Leah. "We seem to have gotten a new sex-bot in last night. Do you know anything about it?" I froze. I remembered what Leah had said when we were drinking that night. She'd know immediately, and I'd be arrested an on my way downtown. Hopefully I could get back into my clothes first.

Leah looked nice, a blouse and short skirt and heels, didn't look like any hose. She came around the corner and saw me. Her jaw dropped then she got a frown. I wondered if I made a dive for it if I could get to my clothes. And then her frown changed to a wicked smile.

It was fleeting. "Oh yeah, Harriet. Ted left me a note and I forgot to tell you when you came in. Latest from Alpha-Tech, demonstration model. Super-high tech, incredible AI, they're really proud of it. They think it's going to set a new standard for realistic. It doesn't even have a power switch. It's voice activated." She turned and addressed me. "Holly, wake up!"

Panicked but committed, I blinked twice, straightened up a touch, then in my best pleasant machine voice answer: "Unit Holly 345-2845 on line."

Leah continued to Harriet: "Ted said he didn't have a chance to prep it and check it and asked me if I could do it before it got busy. I have someone at the checkout, could you take it back and set it up for cleaning and if it's ok with you I'll get it prepped as soon as I am free."

Harriet didn't look happy but nodded. "Holly, follow me." As Harriet turned around and walked away Leah shot me an incredulous look, almost breaking out in a quiet giggle. Stuck in my role, I padded on bare feet after Harriet into the back of the store.

I was holding my breath, at least if they left me back here for a few minutes I could finger myself the 3 gentle flicks it would take right now to blow me wide open with an orgasm that I'd not have to stifle. But I got a sinking feeling in my stomach as Harriet led me around to the wash rack. It had something I hadn't noticed when Leah gave me the tour. Ropes were coming from the ground on each side, heading toward the middle, with loops at the inner ends that looked like they were meant for ankles. And hanging down from what I could now see was a winch above the wash rack was a spreader bar with two suspension cuffs hanging down on short chains. They were attached to the spreader bar with short chains and study clips. It'd be easy enough to open the clips and get in and out of them when there was slack but if I was hanging from it...

I had stopped at the edge of the wash rack. Harriet looked at me like she expected me to do something but I didn't know and didn't want to break character so I just stood there straight and still.
Harriet after a second from behind me sighed in disgust. "Holly-bot!" She started. "Did Ted show you the cleaning procedures?"
Without moving I answered. "No." I was grateful to have what looked like an easy out.
"Well, damn the lazy asshole anyway. Holly-bot. After each encounter or when ordered you will come back here for cleaning and inspection. You will remove any clothing you are wearing, disconnect and put on the suspension cuffs, and then put the loops of those two ropes" she indicated the ones on the ground "around your ankles."
There was nothing to do but the thought of putting myself into bondage might make this sex-bot dolly a little more leaky between the legs than she currently was.

"After that" Harriet continued "You will reattach the wrist cuffs to the spreader bar up there and then push the red button on the control box hanging beside the bar. Begin."

I was helpless to do anything except what Harriet had told me. I wondered what she would do once I was hanging and helpless. I wondered if she suspected I wasn't a bot. With no choice but to play it out I walked to the middle of the wash rack and put myself in place as she had directed. I could just reach the controller and grabbed it with the close hand and with a breath I hoped Harriet didn't see pushed the red button. The winch above me began to hum and then took on a deeper tone as it encountered my body weight. Undeterred, I felt myself go up on my tiptoes and then off the ground altogether. The ropes on my ankles started to tighten, pulling my ankles apart, and I braced myself for pain and steeled myself not to cry out once the slack was gone. Harriet didn't seem to be worried about it or reaching for the control box to turn it back off and I had about three seconds before it got tight enough to be a problem.

It turned out not to be a problem. The winch shut off by itself just as the ankle ropes, now spreading my ankles about three feet apart, became snug. I was hanging, I was spread, but I wasn't stretched. I inwardly gave a sigh of relief but still made no noise or reaction. Harriet nodded with satisfaction and walked away without a word. A moment later I heard the door to the store open and close. The warehouse / back area was silent except for occasional clicking or humming of machinery. And now I had plenty of time alone, my need to orgasm was getting so bad it was physically starting to hurt, and I couldn't do a damn thing about it. I couldn't even squeeze my legs together, which at this point probably would have been enough. I cursed my condition as I hung there, still wet, probably dripping, and wondered how long I would be hanging here and what would be my fate. I knew one element of my fate that wasn't going to happen. Dammit.

It turned out to be about 10 minutes. I heard the door to the store open and close and the clicking sound of heels approaching. Around the corner came Leah, my clothes in her hand. She stopped in front of me and looked me up and down. Hopefully she liked what she saw. She was lez and I was naked.

"Holly Milbank." She started deliberately. "What in the hell were you thinking?"

I stayed still. She caught on. "There is nobody else back here. You don't have to pretend."

"Well," I started. "I told you I have a dolly fetish."

She looked up at my suspended body. "You realize that the manager's instructions are if someone tries to do this we're supposed to have them arrested. That's the price of getting caught."

"I can do it. I would have done it if you hadn't noticed me."

"These dolls can get treated pretty rough. Do you really know what you're in for if you do this? Are you willing to have sex with three or four guys today, any sort of sex they want? At least once for sure, probably three or four times?"

"I can do it. Sounds like fun."

Leah continued. "Some guys come in and use the dolls for therapy, things they're too smart or too scared to try with a real woman. You might get one of the sickos who plays rough. I will do what I can, but the odds are that if you do this you're going to get used several times today, maybe roughly. They get to do anything they want to the bots and you have to give it to them. Are you really sure you want to go through that?"

I didn't hesitate. "You've told me that. Sex bots obey. Yes. I can handle it. I will handle it. I will have to."

She looked at me hard for a long moment. I held my breath. Either my dream was about to come true, or Leah was going to do the smart and safe thing and leave me hanging right where I was until the PD arrived to take me away. Then she shook her head.

"Do you really want to do this?" She asked. "If you say yes, there's no backing out until the store closes at 10 tonight."

I nodded. "If I do this for you," she continued, "once we close you come home with me and make me a very happy woman, yes?"

I nodded yes eagerly. If this really happened I'd owe Leah huge. I'd be happy to.

"Last chance. You can say no and I'll give you your clothes and let you slip out the back door. Do you really want to do this?"

I nodded a slow and solemn yes. Leah looked up at me and sighed. "Fine" she muttered under her breath.

She walked over to a set of lockers off to the side and I watched as she opened a lock then tossed my clothes inside. Re-locking it and closing it with a slam that echoed she looked over at me. "Sex bots don't have clothes. You are now a Holly sex bot. If you decide to run away, you can't get your clothes and your car key back, and good luck trying to make it anywhere near your place either naked or wearing anything available here."

She stopped in front of the wash pit, a bottle and a rag in her hand, looked up at me and smiled. "Gotcha." She said, beaming. "Your ass, and everything else, is mine now."

"Just so you know," she continued, "after our talk on Thursday I figured there was a chance you'd try something like this. I started to fantasize about what I'd do with you, and I've got a lot of ideas all of which I am going to try to make happen today and tonight. And you will do everything in your power to make them happen?" I nodded eagerly.

"Keep in mind you've got to stay in character and if you fail you get arrested and I probably get fired." I nodded.

She put down the bottle and the rag and walked up to me. She ran a finger down my slit, which was wet and I gave a loud squeak. She looked up at me with a devilish grin. "Oh, yes,” I breathed, “I want to come so bad. Please don't stop."

She looked up at me. "Sex bots don't make requests. They only follow orders and provide pleasure." I gulped.

She took off all of her clothes. She had a great figure. It wasn’t my normal style but later tonight would be no problem. She told me: "We normally either wear coveralls or strip when waxing a bot so the wax doesn't get on our clothing. And the other workers know I'm waxing the bot and might be naked back here so no one will disturb us."

She hungrily attacked my nipples, which were at face level for her. "I've wanted you for forever!" She whispered. I just nodded. She took a long time, savoring my helpless body, licking and chewing and sucking. It was wonderful and agonizing both. She stayed clear of my clit. She wasn't going to get me off.

She wheeled a tall wash stand into the rack, probably so the person working on the bot could get to the upper areas of the suspended machine without having to spend long times reaching over their head. But Leah parked it right in front of me then climbed up on to the top step. I instantly saw what this was about. Her crotch, musky with her feminine smell, was right at my face.

"Testing time. If you can't do this really good you can't be a bot. They all are programmed to please women too. Show me you're fit." And with that she shoved her pussy into my face. I was plenty horny and happy to oblige. I licked and teased her slit and clit as best I knew how. It was messy work, but ten minutes later she gave a cry, grabbed the rails on the stand. She moved back a little but I could still feel her trembling as the waves crashed over her.

When they had lessened she climbed back down, looked up at me. "Yup. You pass. I knew you would. I can't wait to get you home."

She then got the bottle and the rag and began wiping me down. "It's the wax we use to clean the bots. It won't hurt you, it's safe for human skin but it will make you smell right and look shiny like a bot. As long as you don't break character no one should suspect." She took her time, rubbing the wax onto every square inch of my body. She inserted a small hose and washed me out vaginally, then cleaned it and did the same to my anal entrance. After a triple flush there I was clean as a whistle and would not cause any problems should that be one of my tasks today. She told me the rinse fluid had a lubricating effect. Finally she let me down a bit, waxed my ankles where the ropes had been holding them, then let me down the rest of the way and did my wrists. Already in character I stood there impassively and let it all be done to me.

She was finally finished. She re-dressed and then leaned over and whispered in my ear, "First thing we do when we get home, baby is take a shower together and I'll clean all this off you, ok?"

I cracked a little smile. "Yes, mistress." She smiled.

She took her makeup kit out of her locker and redid, maybe over-did my eyebrows and lips a little but I knew it was just to make me look more like one of the bots so I was grateful. She brushed out my hair and put a little hairspray into it until it looked perfect and would stay that way.

When she was finished she looked over with approval. "Good. You are now Holly bot. Fuck up and we're both screwed. Do it right and we're both going to have a blast today. You were warned."

She straightened up. "Holly-bot, follow me." She walked away, heels clicking on the concrete, my still bare and now shiny feet padding behind her. A lamb to the slaughter. Off to my fate.

We only made a little stir walking to the front of the store. The people at first did a start to see a naked woman walking around in the store but then they saw me and how shiny my waxed skin looked and realized it was just a bot and although a curiosity it wasn't that interesting. If they only knew they were right the first time. It was a trip, however, walking buck naked through the store and everybody staring for at least a few seconds.

We reached the front of the store. Harriet was there along with the third person working, Carl. He was a bit older than Leah and I, maybe late twenties. He had a decent figure and wasn't bad looking but didn't blow any of my whistles.

Leah walked up to him. "Hey Carl, we need to do one last test. I've cleaned it out and waxed it, but can you take it into one of the rooms and make sure it's programmed ok? See if it gives you an ok standard blow job and then come inside of it, maybe?"

He looked me up and down with a practiced eye. "Sure. Just a second. Where's the controller?"

"It doesn't have one. New tech. Voice commands only. Hyper-realistic. It responds to 'Holly'."

Carl nodded. "'Bout time they figured that out."

I heard a snarky male comment from someone behind me who was in line. Yeah, tough job, having to test machines like that. He'd do it for free.

I was frozen. Yeah, that was part of the fantasy, wasn't it? To be used by people? It was much easier when it was just in my head and I could control everything but this was nothing like that. This man was going to take me to one of the bedrooms where I was expected to suck him off like a pro and then he was going to slide between my legs and plow me until he came inside me. And I was going to have to play the sex-bot the entire time.

I wanted to shake. I wanted to scream. I wanted to run, to escape, but that would be stupid. Leah was right. I wasn't wearing a stitch of clothing and my clothes along with my car key were in a locked locker. I'd be caught and arrested. Leah would get fired. I'd be carted off to jail shiny and naked. Police reports were public things, word would get out how I was arrested, what I was doing at the time and what I wasn't wearing. I'd be ruined. Flat ruined. Couldn't finish college. Have to find another college, try to start a new life, always in fear that this would catch up with me and ruin the life I rebuilt.

Or I could do just what I had set myself up to do. Forced myself to do. Be a sex doll. Go with Carl back to a room. Blow him like a pro then let him to fuck his brains out inside of me. And whatever else happened. And walk away at 10 PM, life still intact, fantasy fulfilled. I saw now I'd probably never do this again, it was fun in my head and up until now but now it was stupid plan. But I was stuck. Running, fighting would take me down a path that ended up with me naked in jail and ruined. I gave up. I had boxed myself in perfectly.

Carl finished ringing up his customer and grabbed a card key from under the register. He didn't even look up. "Holly, follow." And he headed for the back rooms.

The moment of truth: Either I freaked out now and somehow went for freedom or I walked after him. If I did, I knew I'd do everything he said to and everything else everyone else said to. I thought about where the front door was. I thought about all the people around me. Wondered how far toward the door, out the door I could get. What I could do once I made it outside to the parking lot and the bright sunshine. If I made it that far. There were a lot of male customers right here who would probably be happy to tackle me and hold me down until the police arrived.

I turned around and followed Carl.

----------------

I found after a sex-doll was used they put the doll back on the rack and cleaned her up and washed it out before taking it back into the store. I followed quietly as Carl led me back to the wash rack, obediently hooked myself up to the rig and pushed the button that would pull me helplessly off the ground. The man who had just had sex with me nonchalantly pushed the hose up into my pussy and washed me out. When that was done he wiped me down with a towel and touched up the wax on my legs with a cloth. I stayed fully still, limp, daring to hardly breathe. He didn't say a thing to me and it was unreasonable for me to start a conversation.

Once he was done and had released me he disappeared for a moment then returned with a blue silk teddy and 3-inch hooker heels. "Put these on." He ordered me as he lowered me to the ground.

"Yes." I loosened myself from the rig and he handed the clothes to me. I slipped them on. They were so little and sheer and so tight that I would have been less naked without them.

"Follow." He said and I followed him to the front of the store.

"It passes." Carl told Leah and Harriet. "All cleaned up and ready for display." Harriet just turned away to her duties but once Carl's view was elsewhere Leah raised an eyebrow in astonishment to me. I, being a bot, made no response.

They had me standing near the checkout counter interacting with the customers, talking to them, introducing myself. It was easy enough. I had studied up on sex bots and knew how to do a sales pitch. Leah was impressed. Some customers wanted to touch me or squeeze certain parts of me which of course I welcomed and encouraged. I always was a fast thinker and the story of the experimental test sex-bot from Alpha-Tech named Holly took form.

About an hour into it an older man came to the counter. Leah was working it. She saw the man and smiled at him. "Good to see you again." She greeted him and he returned the welcome. "The usual today?" She asked. He nodded and then looked at me. "Who is this here? She looks incredibly life-like."

"This is Holly from Alpha-Tech." Leah explained and I chimed in a hello. "It's a preview model of one of their hyper-advanced bots. Aren't you, Holly?"

"Yes I am!" I responded, moving smoothly into the sales pitch. I walked up to him and shook his hand. It was probably the first time an apparently near-naked woman had done that to him. "I am Holly 2845 from Alpha-Tech. I am fully functional, have a complete touch-sensitive surface and an A.I. unlike any other doll on the..."

He nodded and I stopped. Leah had grabbed the brown room key and pressed it into my hand. "Holly, this is Gary who comes in every few weeks. Take him to the Brown room and be very pleasing to him."

In a lower voice she whispered. "This is the Gary I told you about. The tech exec. Go have fun with him!" She smiled at me. She didn't seem troubled at it. I could see she expected no problems and thought the two of us together would be a wonderful thing.

When we were out drinking we had sometimes talked about some of the people who came in to use the bots. Leah had told me about him and called him a sweet guy. He was a vice-president at a high-tech firm here in town. His wife had suffered a nervous breakdown and their sex life was over. He would come by every so often and “test drive” a bot to meet those needs and still stay faithful to his wife. He was always very, very good with the bots, never had been problem at all.

I took the key then took Gary's hand. "Shall we go?" I led him off, apparently the bots he normally encountered probably didn't have anywhere near that much initiative.

We walked back, holding hands. He looked late forties, maybe fifties. He was about four inches taller than me and with a bit of gray hair. He was well dressed, well groomed and smelled faintly of a popular cologne. He had an air of control, of being in charge. He seemed a little bemused by the sex bot dragging him off to the bedroom but what the hell, I thought.

He closed the door behind us and I sat down on the bed and slowly, sexily took the heels off and stretched my long legs. "How can I be pleasing to you, Gary?" I asked with a smile in a sultry voice.

He smiled, laughed for a second, removed his tie and began unbuttoning his shirt. He had a healthy chest of hair under the shirt, a plus for me.

"You're quite the advanced model, aren't you?"

I just shrugged and smiled what I hoped he would see as sweetly. "I am what I am, but I guess that's true of all of us, isn't it?"

He smiled, sat down beside me, starting taking off his pants. "Why don't you tell me a little more about you?" I asked him.

"Why would you want to know?" He asked.

"Well," I started, "It's always nice to get to know people."

"You ask a lot of questions. Why?"

I smiled. I had a good answer for this one. "Leah told you that I am an experimental release. My designers at Alpha-Tech have seen that while sex-bots sell now, the real coming market is for companion bots. Companion bots will do well enough here but it's expected to be phenomenal overseas." He snorted, knowing exactly which area of the world I was talking about. "There were ten of us made, an Aoki and a Bernice all the way to India and Jennifer." I smiled. "We have a tremendous memory and processing power, skin that bruises even bleeds and they've programmed us as best they can. The only way to go further, get better, is to go out and interact with humans. That’s who I am. So who are you?"

He stopped for a second. He asked me how much information I retained about people I interacted with; he had privacy concerns. I told him I could retain as little as he wanted, right down to just a text transcript of our encounter. Or even nothing at all if he wished but certain things could be inferred afterward from skin sensors and my status. The more information the software designers had the better but privacy needs were completely understood. I asked him how much I should remember.

He smiled and told me not to retain any images or personally identifiable information. Other than that it was fine. He told me what I already knew, that he was an IT executive and had no ready partner for sexual things and did not want one. Sex bots worked just fine for him.

I smiled and thanked him and confirmed his information storage request. "So who would you like in bed with you today?" I asked, running a fingernail down through his chest hair. I loved doing that with a man. It was working, he was stiffening up.

I put on a deep Russian "Natasha" accent, rolling my "r"s horribly. "I can be a sexy spy, sent to lower your guard and steal your company secrets for Mother Russia, dahlink!" He laughed and I did too. I changed personas. "I can be a scared innocent little virgin." I put on a schoolgirl voice and look on my face. "Like, oh wow!. I've never really done this sort of thing before, but I gotta make him happy, and I don't know if it'll fit, he's so, ooh, \*Big\*!" He laughed and shook his head no.

"But what's your primary program?" He asked.

I winced inside but smoothly gestured at my face and body. "College girl." I answered. "Actually I have learned my appearance was modeled after a woman here in town, a friend of Leah's. So there's someone who looks just like me but she's real. I understand her name is Holly too." I shook my head.

"So if you're a college student" he asked, "what's your major?"

"Well, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics of course!" We laughed. "I have wide enough data that I could probably fake a few others, but if you wanted in depth discussions I could do that but I'd have to go retrieve the information and that would take a little while."

Gary thankfully brushed it off. I was a bit of a geek, I could probably pull that off, and I didn't want to get too close to the real me. "The college girl will work. But why is a college girl here in this room with me?"

I took his hand, smiled into his eyes. "Perhaps I'm doing a sociology experiment. Pretending to be a sex-bot to find out what people do with sex dolls. Or hey, you're IT management. Maybe you're inspecting a new product."

"Well." He answered after a second. “Ok, you’re a sociology student but all I am is a man who wants to make love to a beautiful woman.” I smiled and blushed a little, grateful for the compliment. I’d do my best to live up to my role.

He was fully hard and ready. He pulled me toward him, it was easy to go. We started off by kissing, then moved on to other things, finally getting to intercourse. He even let me have mine before getting his own. If I were his age and he wasn't married I would have thought hard about finding a way to not let him get away.

But it did end. It was sort of sad. When things ended the magic died and he started treating me like a machine, getting dressed and not talking to me at all. He dressed and left without a backward glance. I knew he'd be checking out at the counter and I was expected to clean up here and then be found in the back, suspended in the wash rack and waiting for someone to come clean me. So I changed the sheets and straightened up the room; it didn’t take long. I padded out the back door of the hallway into the warehouse, put myself in the rig as I had been shown and pushed the button. Up I slowly went until I was suspended off the ground, arms and legs spread, wondering which of the three was going to attend to me and how long I would hang here until then.

It was about ten minutes and it was Leah. We talked about the encounter. She seemed happy to hear it had gone so well and happy that Gary had a good time.

Leah handed me a shiny yellow wild weasel bikini that went well with my blond hair and skin color. I followed her to the front of the store and resumed my previous role, interacting with customers as they checked out. Leah seemed to be relaxing, and where before she had stuck close to me she was going off with customers when needed, sometimes for more than a few minutes. I too was getting comfortable, sinking into Holly 2845 and getting comfortable there.

A man came up to the counter. He looked thin, rough, wiry, a little scary. It was one of the times when Leah was away and Harriet was with me at the checkout counter.

"I'd like to test-drive that one." He said, pointing to me.

Harriet obviously knew him and I sensed she didn’t really like him. "Holly here is an experimental test model on loan to us. You'd need to be careful with it." He insisted that he would but Harriet wasn't convinced, telling him the repair cost on this one might be considerably higher, was he sure he didn't want one of the others? But no, he insisted on me. “She looks like Stephanie should.” He insisted. Harriet took his credit card and ran it then returned it with a room key. He looked at it then looked up at me. "Well, come on Stephanie." And he walked off toward the rooms. I didn't understand, he had been told my correct name, but he had obviously been talking to me so I guess I was Stephanie for the next while. I hurried to catch up with him. I couldn't recall talking with Lean about him, so he was a blank. He took a firm grasp on my arm, kept muttering things I couldn't quite hear except for "Stephanie" a few times. All in all I decided I would try to get this over quicker rather than longer. He was starting to scare me.

We got into the room OK. I turned toward him, started to ask him what he wanted to do but he cut me off. "Just stand still there Stephanie and don't move. I'll be with you in a minute." Supposed to be a bot I stopped still. I was facing toward the back of the room, away from him as I heard him began to rummage through the dresser drawers.

Leah had shown me them on my initial tour. They were full of things from the store, from lube and sex toys to lingerie and nice clothing to bondage equipment of all types. I figured it wouldn't hurt so I reached behind my neck and started to pull on the string to my top.

Then I heard him yell "No dammit Stephanie, no!"

As I turned toward him I barely had a second's notice. Out of the corner of my eye I saw something coming toward my face, fast. The back of his hand. I had no chance, no time to react as he backhanded me hard across the face, spinning me around so that I fell face-first onto the bed. The sound it made was like running into a brick wall. My head spun, fear and adrenaline and anger coursed through me but I found the controlling emotion, sadly enough, is that I was scared. I just lay there face down on the bed, the world spinning around me for several seconds.

I thought about fighting back. Yeah, it would go poorly for me and Leah but that didn't matter. I thought about trying to hold it together, to just lay still and to pretend to be the bot I was supposed to be. To not respond and avoid provoking him again. I started to stand up to beat the hell out of him but I had taken too long and it was too late. He had climbed onto the bed, planted a knee in my back and had pinned me down. I struggled and yelled but I couldn't get out from under him. Then I felt what he was doing: I felt a handcuff closing around my left wrist, then that wrist being drawn toward the center of my back and the other wrist being drawn to join it. I was still a little dizzy and didn’t respond fast enough; the other half of the handcuffs closed on my other wrist and they were trapped. I struggled harder but nothing came of it. I had waited too long. It was too late.

It was bad I thought. Leah had told me the rooms were all soundproofed and there were no cameras in the rooms. Management had decided that while a camera would be better for the store the customers would be very much less likely to use the rooms if they even thought they were being recorded. It was a risk but the people in the room only had bots, machines, and if they broke them or abused them they had already signed an agreement as part of the rental to pay full price for the unit or repairs. With my hands cuffed behind my back I was at a huge disadvantage trying to work the door knob and get out of the room. He'd probably just grab me by my long hair and drag me back to the bed and beat me some more. So no one could see or hear me, hear my yell I made when the bastard backhanded me or anything else that was going to happen and I had really no chance of getting away. I was on my own.

He rolled me over on my back. I braced myself for another backhand but it wasn't coming.

"Dammit Stephanie, I told you to hold still. Now will you do that, dammit?"

I nodded my head, the warmth still blossoming on my right cheek from where he hit me. "Yes, sir, I will. Very still."

"Good." He grunted. "That's my girl."

It wasn’t hard. Now that I was trapped I was terrified but I kept that under control too. He could choke a doll out until it played dead but he could actually kill me.

He told me to stand up and I did while he untied my bikini and then removed his clothes. He had an average size prick and unlike Gary he didn’t smell that good. Not horrible just not cleaned up like a decent person would before getting intimate with someone else. But I supposed with a bot, he didn’t care or think it mattered.

“Suck it!” He commanded, nodding his head toward his rapidly hardening cock. I took a deep breath, got down on my knees and began to work.

I can’t say I enjoyed it. Blow jobs for me are normally fun but for me it’s playing with the guy’s state of arousal as well as his body, but none of that here. He didn’t taste good either. I ignored it, going back to the original plan of just getting this over as fast as possible and hopefully not getting further hurt.

I thought things were going well, I was changing up on him and trying to drive things along as fast as I could, but in the middle of it he stopped me and pulled me off him, not gently, by my hair. “That’s good Stephanie. Now wait a minute.”

He took all the pillows on the bed and stacked them in the middle. He then told me to “lie down on the bed, ass in the air, right now.”

I started to freeze up again. I didn’t know what I was going to do if he wanted me anally, and if he wanted that this was the right position for it. I wanted to run but there was no way I’d get out of the room and even if I did what would I do then? I feared he’d be as considerate in my butt as he was in every other way and that could hurt me bad. I wanted to run but what could I do? Leah had warned me it could get rough but I just blew her off. That wouldn’t ever happen. No, it wouldn’t, not in your fantasies, but this was far from them. She had said she’d protect me, but here I was. Before he could get mad and physical with me again I laid down as ordered. I had no choice. He could screw me up but he couldn’t kill me. I just had to get through it and get free of him. And stay in character. I shuddered to think what he’d do if he thought I was human and pretending and he knew if I objected he could have me arrested.

He climbed on top of me and I braced myself for the pain of a non-gentle anal entry but he slid himself into my pussy instead. There was zero lube from me but fortunately Leah was right about what they rinsed me out with and it was enough. He rammed me hard and I just closed my eyes and endured, dreaming I was somewhere else, grunting as he banged way too hard into me, which he seemed to like. I thought about suppressing that just to strike back but in the end I didn’t care. Just do your shit, you bastard, and get it over with. And I will do my best to never see you again. And if I do I swear I will cave your fucking head in. I calmed down as time passed.

And then he stopped. He didn’t act like he had cum; I wondered what was going on. It wasn’t like I wasn’t doing my part. All I could do is lay there and let him ravage me and I was doing it. But I felt him pull out and a second later he was fumbling with the handcuffs, as best as I could tell unlocking them.

He indeed did. I was confused, but felt better that I was no longer quite so helpless. But he only undid one. Then he dragged the open wrist across the bed and upward, rolling me on to my back. Before I really knew what was happening he had secured the open end of the cuff to the corner of the headboard.

Still trapped but not as bad. At least my anus was down on the mattress and he likely wouldn’t be doing anything there. He could continue fucking me or make me blow him, either was preferable, both I could handle, just get it over with.

He walked back to the dresser and got another pair of handcuffs. I didn’t resist as he cuffed my other wrist to the other end of the headboard, locking me on my back with my hands spread wide. I wondered why he bothered. If I were really a bot he could order me to hold position and a bot would do that, no handcuffs needed. But whatever. Just get it over with so I can start never seeing you again.

He climbed on top of me, mounted me again, began the rough in and out he had been inflicting on me earlier. What was I supposed to do? Pretend I like it? What would a bot do?

He was rough. He pushed down on my breasts with his hands and his full weight. Compacting them. It hurt but I said and did nothing. He could do worse, put his hands a few inches higher around my throat or stick fingers deep into my mouth. I just kept my eyes closed and continued grunting involuntarily as he rammed into me. My mind started to drift away. I wasn’t here. I didn’t want to be here. Just do what you’re going to do, you heartless bastard, and get it over with.

It seemed to take forever while he thrust hard in and out of me. And then he quickened and with a shove harder than all the others jammed and held in me. I felt him pulse three, four times and then just hold in place, slowly shriveling inside me. It was over. I had won. He’d leave now, I hoped, and I could walk, crawl back to the wash rack and scream inside and wash all his cum out of me. That couldn’t happen fast enough. I was willing to break character and just do the washout myself and not wait.

He crawled off the bed and started putting on his clothes. I decided not to complain or say anything. I was still cuffed to the headboard so I waited. He’d release me I’m sure once he was dressed.

But he grabbed his things and headed for the door. “Sir?” I asked tentatively. “Will you release me before you go?”

“No.” The door clicked shut behind him.

But he was gone. I could see the door key on the dresser. The door had clicked shut; he couldn’t get back in. I was still trapped but I was safe. He was gone.

I found I was numb. Just lying there, trapped on the bed where I had been beaten and raped. Unable to get off the bed. Locked in the position where he used me. Unable to get away. Just having to lay there, his cum still inside me, unable to get physical or emotional distance from what had been done to me.

Sooner or later someone would go into the back and expect to find me on the wash rack and then come check here when I wasn’t there. I would eventually be found. Hopefully by Leah. I could maintain character if I had to in front of Harriet or Carl, but I needed to break out of that for a while.

It turned out to be about five minutes and it was Leah. She burst into the room, a frightened look on her face. “Oh damn, Holly. I’m so sorry. Oh damn. Oh damn.”

She let me go, got me off the bed, and just held me as I cried. She had only heard from Harriet that a customer had taken me back to a room. She had no idea who it was until she saw him walking out the door and then she came to find me at a run. And she was so, so terribly sorry. She wasn’t, she swore, wasn’t going to let this happen again.

I finally stopped crying. I worried out loud that it might be a problem she was in here so long but she brushed it off. It was known that he often left rooms needing more time than normal to get back into shape. I asked her if we could go to the wash rack now instead of fixing up the room first, I really, really, really wanted to rinse his cum out of me.

We did. She didn’t string me up like normal, just had me stand there while I got a triple flush. Much calmer, we went back and put the room back together. I asked Leah if at all possible if I got sent back with a customer again to not send me to this room. I really never wanted to be in the room again.

Leah nodded. She asked me if I wanted to call it a day. She said she could say I was treated a little too roughly and she had just put me back into the box in the back room. I could get dressed and slip out the back and be gone. She still hoped to have a night with me but could understand if it wasn’t tonight.

I shook my head no. It was behind me now. Leah had warned me and she had promised she’d make sure it didn’t happen again. I told her I was otherwise still having a blast and remained willing to go home with her tonight. I was sorta looking forward to that too. I mean, she had promised to help me wash all this wax off my body, I joked. She told me I was crazy but her face had a wan smile on it. That was something that hadn’t been on her face since she came blasting in the door.

She asked me if I was really serious about keeping going. I nodded yes. She told me again I was crazy, but she was happy I was still willing and she was going to watch me like a hawk to keep me safe. Leah asked me to wait in the hallway while she got me something to wear.

She returned with harem girl costume this time, bangles and all. I smiled and put it on. It was sheer and didn’t really cover a damn thing anywhere on my body. Yes, there was fabric, sheer as hell everywhere. The spots where it connected were very thin hook and loop fasteners. It was designed to hold on my body well enough but to be pulled off without any real effort or danger to the fabric. Whatever. I had been naked often enough pretty much ever since I walked in the door this morning and when I wasn’t I might as well have been. It was funny, in real life, in normal life I was as modest as the next person. Holly Milbank wouldn’t be caught dead walking around naked in public. But right now I was Holly 2845 and nudity or very close to it, my body on wanton display, was my natural and normal state. It was expected and it didn’t bother me. I didn’t understand that at all but postponed thinking about it until later.

Leah brought a bot box from the back of the store. It was large enough to hold a bot, or me, with a clear lid so the merchandise could be seen. The back was hard poly plastic under some foam cut so the doll fit partially into the foam. The bot was secured the rest of the way by quick-release clamps that held the doll's ankles about two feet wide and her arms pinned a little out from her sides. Leah placed the box upright off to the side of the cash register where everyone checking out would have enormous opportunity to check me out as closely as they wanted. I shivered. I'd have gotten wet if I wasn't already. Dolly was going into her box.

"Holly, in." Leah ordered. Obediently I backed into the box and settled into the spacing cut into the foam. Leah smiled at me as the clamps around my neck, wrists, ankles, thighs and forearms were flipped into the closed position and ratcheted down tight. I was helpless, wearing clothing so tiny and sheer that I was effectively naked, completely on view, and I would all day remind Leah of what was coming later tonight.

"It's the box your twin came in." Leah told me quietly. "It's from the same body model so it will fit you. You're still active so you're expected to respond to questions and events. Have fun!" And with me thoroughly secured she went back to work.

Customers came by. One couple about my age came by, commenting on how lifelike the dolls were getting. Leah told them this one was the absolute latest in technology. She invited the couple to touch me to feel how real the skin felt. "It even has pulses in the expected places." Leah bragged. The woman reached out tentatively, ran her hand across my stomach. She drew back, impressed. "It does have that give like real skin, doesn't it?" The man reached out and grabbed a breast. I held my breath, trying desperately to remain frozen, not to react. He squeezed it firmly, a little painfully, slowly closing his hand through the sheer fabric as my breast slipped through it, ending with my nipple, to which he gave a hard pinch as a parting gift.

"Ouch!" I said, unable to control myself. The man stepped back, surprised and a little confused. Leah was right there.
"It's the A.I." Leah told them. "It's supposed to be lifelike so it reacts to stimuli and the environment. Watch how it helps when I pull these things off." She grabbed my bra by the middle between my breasts, pulled kept pulling. Even though I was secured in the box I leaned a little forward so Leah could pull the bra out from behind me. It came off easily in her hand as is was designed to. She then grabbed the top front of my panties and pulled them off too. I was still strapped firmly into the box but I was now completely naked to their gaze.
"Nice." The man said, again reaching out to run his hand through my pubic hair, briefly passing over my sensitive clit. I winced, it was allowed and hard to avoid. He squeezed my breast a little. "Do they lactate?"
Leah was fast on the response. "Most recent bots can. I don't know if that is turned on in this one. Why don't you give it a try and see how it reacts?"
He looked at his girlfriend who just shrugged, unthreatened by a machine. He leaned over and took my nipple into his mouth, sucking hard. It felt good, but in the current situation it was a little scary. I clenched my fists. "Ooooh." I moaned quietly. "That feels good." It did.
He sucked for a minute longer then drew back up. "Nope, nothing there."
"Sorry about that." Leah apologized. "We don’t always load that up here in the store." The couple wandered off and Leah turned to deal with a customer who had come to check out. What little I had been wearing was now dropped on the counter ten feet away and I was strapped tightly into a box, unable to do a thing about it.
More customers came and went. Most just looked, a few touched but it was a squeeze of my breast or to run a finger through my pussy hair. I wasn't in a condition to complain. I wondered if a yawn would be in character for an idle sex bot. I wondered how I would do it with my arms pinned at my sides with heavy plastic clips.

More people passed, most looked me over. A few spoke to me, and I answered as best I could as a bot would. Mostly I just stayed still, reacting as little as possible to my surroundings, as a bot would. Leah stayed close just in case but nobody showed a great deal of interest.

Then the world again turned sideways. It was in character for me to move my head and interact a little with the customers as they walked by if it seemed warranted, saying hello and telling them I was "Holly from Alpha-Tech". And then someone walked in. Someone other than Leah that I knew from real life. And he could be my undoing.

He was Chuck Haynes. He attended college with Leah and me. I knew him well, real well in fact, and he knew me reasonably well. We were lab partners in Particle Chemistry last semester. He was a nice guy, smart and kinda funny and very sweet. Tall, clean shaven in a nice polo and jeans. Leah saw him, recognized him and got a wild look in her eyes. I would have except it was out of character. I would have run and hidden except I was locked into the box, stark naked and somewhere he could not help but see me in three.. two... one...

He turned the corner about 10 feet in front of me, just in front of the check stand. He came to a dead stop, staring at my naked body. I had caught him from time to time at school checking me out when my outfits were on the more revealing side, especially when the skirts were short or the top was low. I had teased him a bit (only a little on purpose, but as I reflected, a lot) when I was in the mood, a tight low cut top and my bust pushed together and me innocently or seemingly unknowingly leaning toward him every chance I got. It meant he really wasn't much good as a partner that day in lab but I had enjoyed it. Miniskirts when I wore them, especially with heels tended to have the same effect. Standard male. He was a good lab partner and never went over the line. The problem was, every once in a while, when I needed a male figure for my fantasy life back then I'd pick him. He was cute, around, and available. I had plenty of wild dreams about him finding and pushing my hidden button, turning me into doll mode and then taking me somewhere comfortable and ravaging his dolly all night long. Gulp. Double-gulp.

Worse, I think that at least one point when we had been drinking I had told Leah about my fantasies.

I wondered why he never asked me out. I would have gone out with him and likely gone home with him if the date had gone ok but he had never asked. But every once in a while it's good for a girl to turn a guy to jello just to prove she still could. Well, it was my turn to become jello.

Fortunately I was clamped into place and all I had to do was not react. But I barely did it. He had probably wondered what was under those blouses and skirts a lot. He had a real good view right now.

"Hi... Chuck" Leah started out. "I see you've noticed our latest sex bot, the Holly 2845 from Alpha-Tech."

It took him a second to recover. "It’s a bot?" He looked over to Leah, who was nodding. "They made a bot to look like Holly Milbank? And it's named Holly? What the hell?"

Leah looked flustered for a second. “Yes, but please don't tell anyone at school and especially never tell Holly. I mean, they've got to look like something and you can order them up any way you want. I think Mr. Jensen must have seen Holly in the store one day and decided to order up the bot to look like her. You got to admit, Holly is the classic surfer girl."

"Well, yes." He came up and was giving every inch of my naked body a really careful once-over. I felt like the box behind me was a slide for a microscope and he was eagerly looking through it. Curiously, I found I liked that thought. Ummm. I felt like goose-bumps were forming on my skin but hoped it wasn't true.

"Is it on?" He reached behind my neck, looking for the bump that would be subcutaneous power switch.

"No switches. It's a really advanced model, state of the art AI. It has 172 degrees of motion while the next nearest competitor only has 88. It has a 4 kilowatt-hour battery for extended life; you can take it on road trips. Huge processing, 370 terabytes of processor, it's crazy. The e-skin is so high tech it's unreal how real it feels. Pressure and heat receptors on every bit of it. It bruises and bleeds and when warranted it gets wet down.... well, you know. Holly-bot. Full active mode."

I blinked twice. "Hello Leah. Hello Chuck."

Chuck was suspicious. "How'd it know my name?"

Leah sighed at him. "I used it when I first saw you. It was active and listening, just had the AI turned down. The A.I.s are smart enough to figure stuff like that out from its surroundings."

"Oh. OK." He seemed at least mollified. He reached out, ran a finger over my belly, making a circle that spiraled into my navel. Then the finger ran up and I felt shivers that I suppressed and a fresh warmth between my legs. All my fantasies came back to me. He could definitely blow a few whistles of mine.

Then his finger dropped down and a second later I felt him thrust it deep inside my wet and aching pussy. I gave a start and a gulp, which surprised him, then went "Mmmmm. Feels good." Which it did.

Chuck looked over at Leah, who shrugged. "A.I. It's supposed to act real."

He spent a long time wiggling his finger in my pussy. Leah had her composure back and was now looking like she was trying to suppress a giggle. She actually didn't have to worry too much about it since Chuck was facing me and away from her but I could see it in her face. It wasn’t hard to not react to the face Leah was trying hard not to make. What was hard is not reacting to the finger still doing very, very pleasurable things where I most wanted. Then again, perhaps I didn't need to.

I quit trying to hold it in. Just like one of my fantasies. "Oohhh, yeah, Chuck, slide it around. It feels so good. Keep it going, I'm getting there!" Leah was fighting so hard not to laugh or react that she had to grab the counter.

He kept going with that finger. I was very glad I wasn’t being asked to talk. "So what exactly is this? And who named it Holly?"

"Well," Leah began, "It'll go by any name you give it, but that's the name that came on the certificate. Guess why. It's a model 2845 from Alpha-Tech, a companion bot demonstration model. We can't sell this one but we can take orders and for a trim little $16,500 you can have one of your own."

He pulled back his finger, still wet with my juices. Dammit. He sniffed it. I hoped he didn't stick it in his mouth. Or mine. But I really hoped he’d put it back where it had just been. "Even smells like the real thing."

"Yup, for that much money you'd expect that."

He looked over at Leah who had fully recovered and then back at me. "Does the real Holly know about this?"

"We only got it last night, and I think I need to prep her for this."

"Yeah, I'll bet."

Lean walked over and undid the clamps. "Holly. Come out." I obediently stepped out and stood a few feet away from Chuck.

"Holly." Leah instructed me. "Chuck loves you and you love Chuck. You haven't seen him in two months. Begin."

I blinked three times to let the panic fade. This was going to be fun. I lunged at him, grabbed him in my arms and pulled him close against my naked body. I stood on my tiptoes to smother his face with kisses. Yeah, just like some of my fantasies. "I've missed you so bad. I'm so glad you're back." I paused to stop the surface kisses and grab his face and plunge my tongue deep into his mouth. I didn't care about the doll-bot right now. I just wanted to kiss him, real hard and full on, and see how close my fantasies had been. Besides, he had made me terribly horny and it felt way good.

It took him aback for a moment but I had him much too tightly for him to get away. After a second he stopped resisting, reached to hold my head and began seriously returning the kisses. His tongue exploring my mouth, it was heavenly. He was good. I decided I needed to get drunk out at a bar one night and call him to come rescue me.

Finally after about twenty seconds, I broke the kiss. I think, from the sounds around us, that we were starting to draw an audience. I broke away and whispered loud enough to be heard by the others. "I've missed you baby. Take me somewhere alone and let me show you how much." And then I pulled back.

Leah was back to discreetly holding the counter. About six people had gathered to watch the sex-bot in action. Chuck, bless his soul, looked stunned. Good.

Leah broke the spell. "That, ladies and gentlemen, is the Alpha-Tech 2845. First in their line of companion bots, but that of course is not all they are good for. Bleeding edge A.I and e-skin, fully voice controlled, doesn't even come with a remote. It can be made, male or female and to any appearance you want. It will do simple household tasks and Alpha-Tech promises that functionality will get better within six months. And you can order yours here."

"How much?" Someone asked.

"Sixteen-five." That killed the crowd. They were impressed but that was a lot of money. They wandered off, leaving Leah and Chuck and I alone.

I was back into doll mode, standing still a few feet away from Chuck. "Back into the box." Leah admonished me but Chuck cut her off. "No. Not yet."

Why Chuck! I thought but of course made no outward reaction.

He reached up and ran his fingers through my hair, brushing it back away from my face. "She... it seems so real."

"Good kisser, huh?" Leah needled him.

"Yeah, not bad at all." He wiped his mouth, cleaning the drool that had wound up there after our lip-lock. I had some on me and semi-mechanically reached up and did the same then resumed position.

"I always wondered what she.. what the real Holly would be like. I tried to ask her out a couple of times last semester but it never worked out." Really? When did I miss that?

"Yeah," he continued. "It’s not so bad now, we're not lab partners and we only see each other every once in a while, but yeah, I think she's..." He stopped. "You gotta promise me you'll never repeat this to her."

"No problem." Leah agreed. "Whatever you say, I guarantee the real Holly won’t hear it from me. Ever."

"Well, I think she's gorgeous. I mean, the whole deal, beauty and brains. I kick myself sometimes that I didn't get to know her better. Maybe I can get another class with her and work it out." Well, if that's how he feels the chances of going home with him after that date had just gone up substantially.

"Yeah" Chuck continued. "I'm sure she beats guys off with a stick.” As a bot I couldn’t laugh. No, not hardly. Not at all. Sure, sometimes the real Holly went out drinking with Leah but mostly just me and my dolly fantasies. Too shy to ask anyone out. Lonely.

”I'll have to try harder.” He continued. “Maybe I can convince her to miss when she takes that stick and swings at me." He took a long look at me standing still in front of him.

Leah gave him an understanding smile. "I know buying a unit is probably out of reach but if you'll fill out an interest form and pay a cleaning fee, you can take Holly here back to one of the rooms and.. take it for a test drive? You'll get a few phone calls from the sales department. You can tell them you're no longer interested and they'll not bother you after that."

"How much?"

"A hundred. It's considered interest fee, applicable to the purchase price if you do, gone if you don't."

Chuck laughed. "Buying one? Fat chance of that happening any time soon. Besides, I'd rather have the real Holly. But yeah, where do I sign? It's not her but it's close and better than my dreams." Oh wow! Him too? About me? Damn we’ve wasted so much time.

“Yeah.” Leah responded. “Right now, it’s probably about as close to the real Holly as one can ever get.” I couldn’t laugh and I couldn’t roll my eyes or glare at her. But I was going to get her for that one. How she kept a straight face I’ll never know.

He went over to the far side of the register and filled out the paperwork and Holly tucked it away for data entry later than night. He pulled out five twenties and Leah rang up and handed him a room card key. "OK, ground rules.” Leah started. “These bots are very lifelike and you can't treat it like a plastic dildo. I mean, don't do anything with it you wouldn't do to the real Holly if you knew she'd happily do anything you wanted. And while we're on the subject, what sort of experience do you want?"

Chuck looked confused. "What?"

"The A.I.s can be programmed to be anything you wanted. I mean, in Enhanced mode if you owned one you could set it up to run as real life, and the idiot thing will get 'headaches' every once in a while. But for this, what sort of person is this Holly? Scared virgin? Cougar in training? Horribly horny or do you want to have to talk her into things? That sort of stuff."

"Well, where we were wasn't bad. How about like the real Holly. That's sort of the point."

Leah smiled again. "I figured that but wanted to ask. Ok. Get ready, enhanced mode is really something." she turned and faced me. "Holly 2845. Scenario change."

I stiffened. "Ready."

"You are a college student, a chemistry major. Chuck is a friend who was your lab partner last semester. You think he's a nice person and you like him a lot. You secretly have wondered for a long time what he would be like in bed and now you have a chance to find out and you are going to take it. Standard sexual parameters, random outliers. When you are done, report to the wash rack and lock in for cleaning. Accept."

"Accepted." I answered back in a monotone. My toes were curling. I hoped nobody noticed. This set up was everything I could have asked for. I now owed Leah a second one.

"What's that bit about standard sexual parameters mean?" Chuck asked.

Leah answered. "The A.I. will be fine with normal sexual activity, like blow jobs and normal sex. Things other than that, like bondage or anal or things like that it's just picked a random level of interest and it may or may not like doing them, just like a human being. With some of those things, you might have to convince it to do it with you, like a real person. Some of them you might have to fight it or tie it up to get it to let you do it. But keep in mind it's just a machine that’s programmed to be as realistic as possible but it's programmed to please you. It won't hurt you and will never finally say no but it might resist to one degree or another. If it gets too much, just say 'Holly scenario override' and it will stop and listen and then you can tell it to act however you want."

She handed him the key but didn't let go of it. "Just remember what, you agreed to it in the papers you signed but I don't think you read. The bots are breakable and you can't throw it around or do stupid things with it. This one bruises and bleeds and we have to take extra time to repair those. If you break it you bought it, all sixteen-thousand five of it. So don't treat in any worse than you would the real Holly, a Holly who is happy to do anything you want."

Chuck laughed. "No problem."

Leah looked at me. "Holly. Enhanced mode on. Activate scenario."

I did my blink three times thing then popped up. I took the key from Chuck's hand and from the color coding I knew where we were going.

This was great! I didn't have to act at all, and would probably get an orgasm out of it to boot. I took Chuck's hand and looked up into his eyes. "Come with me." I said, locking eyes with him. "I've been waiting a long time for this and I don't think I want to wait any longer."

I led him by the hand to the back rooms, the shiny naked sex bot leading a young, slightly confused young man.

We entered the green suite and I locked the door behind us. I pressed the passkey back into his hand. We stopped, stared at each other for a long second, me waiting for him to make a move. He didn't so I closed with him. As I pulled his shirt over his head I whispered to him "Chuck Haynes, I've been wondering about this ever since I met you." (I pretty much had, of course). "I'm glad to finally find out." I began working at the buttons on his jeans. I sat him down, pulled his shoes and socks and finally his pants and undershorts off. His cock was average size, maybe a little longer than normal and rock hard. I helped him up then I pushed him back to lay flat on the bed then lay on top of him, smothering his neck and ears with kisses. "I will do anything you want. I only want to please you. Tell me what you want to do." In response he gently pushed my shoulders downward.

I took that hard member into my mouth. It was filling but I wasn't going to choke. I went over it with care, licking it up and down, playing with his ball sac, sucking hard on the tip. From the small groans and twitches he was liking it.

Then suddenly he grabbed me and pulled me on to the bed. I felt him lay me on my back then climb on top of me. I was dancing a jig inside as he inserted that long hard cock into me and began to rock me with slow, strong strokes.

Again, no acting skill was needed. I cried out, grabbed around his back, held him close while he drove in and out of me. It was wonderful. I felt my orgasm boiling up like an exploding volcano.

"Oh yes, I'm coming. Oh oh, Chuck, I'm coming... ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" It was marvelous. It was glorious. It was like floating down from a cloud on a feather. As good as I could have hoped for. Kindly he had stopped and waited.

When I recovered I gave him a quick kiss. "Thank you for waiting, Your turn." He went back to work and about five minutes later I felt him stiffen up, give a little cry then felt him spurt a bunch of times inside of me. It seemed like he dumped a lot of cum in me. He must not have drained that tank recently, poor soul. I didn't see why. If he treated a sex bot like this he'd probably be a dream for most real women.

"Thank you baby." I murmured as I smothered him with kisses. "You're so good. You're wonderful."

He smiled. "You were pretty good too." My heart panicked. Did he know I wasn't a bot? Had the one who had been fooled this whole time been me? Then he shrugged and laughed and shook his head. "Silly of me to say that to a robot."

I went down on him a little more to clean my juices off him, then helped him get dressed. He left without a backward glance but then again he wouldn't for a bot or a dolly. I sighed then straightened up the room and changed the linen. I then walked over to the wash rack. I really would have preferred not to do this, but was afraid not to be already hanging in place if anyone but Leah came in. I fastened the wrist cuffs on me, bent down and tightened the rope loops around my ankles, then attached each wrist cuff to the spreader bar above me. I unfortunately could reach the control box when I was on the ground, but it would be out of reach beneath me once I triggered it. With a sigh of regret I did. A dolly does as she is commanded. The button clicked and the control box fell from my hand as the winch again lifted me two feet off the ground, the ankle ropes going tight and pulling my ankles wide, and there I hung once again, naked, alone, and with Chuck's cum slowly oozing down my right leg, a dolly, a sex-bot dolly, awaiting its fate.

It took a bit longer than normal but finally Leah came back to tend to me. She apologized but she had been talking with Chuck before he left. Leah told me as far as she could tell I had fooled him completely. “Yeah, he’s male.” Leah laughed. “Wave your naked body in front of him and I bet it wasn’t that hard.” I just smiled. It was fun. It was dreamy. He was good, and I’d find a way to go on that date with him if he ever asked. Or maybe I would. Or maybe I’d just stick with the original thought about getting him to rescue a drunk me from a bar. It’d save on the preliminaries.

It was actually getting late. It was a little after eight and the flow of customers had slowed down. I spent the rest of the night at the register like before in a nice silk teddy, doing the sales pitch and engaging customers in conversation as they came by.

And then it was closing. Leah had the bot take its box back to the store room and in theory boxed it up and put it away. “It was only a one-day trial.” Leah announced. Actually we spent a few minutes kissing while I was still naked and then she gave me my clothes back and let me out the back door. I promised I’d be waiting for her outside her house when she got there. She smiled and shook her head as I slipped out the door. “You are one crazy woman, Holly, but I think I like that kind of crazy.”
