---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Bound he is
authors:
- Adam Egg
tags:
- Sbm
- F-m
- tickle
- cons
- X
date: 2003-05-22 00:00:00
---

Bound he is
by Adam Egg
'This
story is fiction'

Don't try this at home (unless you know what you are doing).

After our Saturday afternoon of fun, Linda talked a few times about
doing it again.  Of course, I was ready to go at any time.  Even
though the experience had been very pleasurable, it had also been somewhat
stressful and more than two or three sessions a month might be too much. 
The following Saturday morning I made a short grocery list.  Just
before noon I gave her the list with the instruction that she should leave
exactly at noon, keep an eye on her watch and return in no less that 30
minutes but no more the 40 minutes.  Also, she was to get the items
on the list and nothing else.  There was a puzzled look on her face
so I said, "Trust me, I will have a surprise for YOU."  Emphasis on
the 'you'.  The store was close by and there was nothing perishable
on the list so she should have no problem. 
 
At the stroke of noon she left and I got started.  First, a note
on the door, 'Linda, come in and lock the door behind you.  Leave
the groceries in the living room and follow the arrows upstairs.' 
Next, several large arrows were placed on the floor, first toward the stairs,
than up and finally into the main bedroom where the closed circuit TV was
placed on the dresser.  Then I went into the spare bedroom, closed
the door and removed every stitch of clothing including my watch. 
There was a clock in the wall so I could keep track of time.  First,
I rapped a Velcro strap around my scrotum and attached a string and small
weight.  The weight was placed in the table for now.  After stepping
in front of the T, I slipped a belt around my thighs, tied my ankles and
knees with straps and belted my hips and waist.  The thigh belt was
removed.

Next, the vibrator was attached at the base of my penis with a light
rubber band and the control was placed on the table beside the weight. 
Next, a belt went around my upper chest, the gag in my mouth and the blind
fold on my forehead.  Last, the wrist cuffs and now I wait while holding
the nipple clips in one hand.  It's 12:27 pm.  I was hoping curiosity
would get the best of her and it did.  She drove up less the two minutes
later.  I listened for the car door to close and finished the last
few steps.  Bang went the door, on went the nipple clips, on went
the vibrator, down went the weight, click and click went the buckles on
the wrist cuffs, and down went the blind fold.  I waited again for
the front door to close and, hopefully, lock before I pull to release the
slip knots.  Only a few seconds passed and it was time to pull. 
Now the fun can begin.
 
"Adam, where are you?  What's going on?"  Of course, I couldn't
reply.  "Adam, are you up here?"  Her voice was clearer now and
she should be in the bedroom.  The TV was already on with another
note taped to the screen.  'My dearest Linda,  This is the surprise
I spoke of about 30 minutes ago.  As you can see on the monitor, I
am very securely tied as you were last week.  I put myself in this
only a few minutes ago as you drove up.  Remembering all that happened
last Saturday, PLEASE do to me what ever you want.  You may begin
at any time.  All my love, Adam.'  I was reasonable sure she
was in the bedroom and hoped she had read the note.  It was time to
give her a little show.  While rocking my hips I shook my chest a
little and made a few moaning sounds.  I would do this for a while
then stop to rest.  It was actually harder work than I thought it
would be.  I hoped she enjoyed watching, I enjoyed thinking that she
would be watching.  I managed to fade into my pleasure and forgot
about the passage of time until the door clicked and brought me back to
reality.  She was there.

"Well, this IS a surprise.  I never would have expected this. 
The shopping trip was a good diversion."  She placed her hand on my
side and gently rubbed.  Since the vibrator was on low, I had become
a little 'soft' but her touch changed that.  "Oh, it looks like someone
is happy to see me." she teased while giving my penis a light stroke on
top.  This helped even more.  "You know, those groceries are
going to nag at me if I don't put then away.  I won't be able to concentrate
properly until that's done.  And this vibrator just isn't doing a
very good job.  It should be turned up a little.  Don't go away,
hon, I'll be right back.", she teased and the door clicked closed. 
'Oh crap', I thought, but I did the same to her so it's only fair. 
I listened hard but couldn't hear anything.  Did she go down stairs? 
Did she go into the other bedroom?  Or was she playing a trick and
still stand right there?  (I wish!)  Oh, well, this may take
a while so I should enjoy myself.  With a little twisting at the waist
I could make the weight swing and pull my scrotum side to side.  That
fells good.  With the vibrator on medium, my level of arousal was
increasing and my nipples were starting to stiffen a little.  Some
chest shaking made them feel good too but the clips weren't heavy enough
to continue swinging.  I tried rocking my hips but this didn't do
very much for me.  And I should try moaning a little now and then,
just to make a good show.  All of this was a fair amount of work. 
I hope she was actually watching and not messing with the stupid groceries.
 
Once again, the door clicked and returned me to earth.  "I'm back,
and I'm so glad to see that you waited for me.  I'm sorry it took
so long, I just had a million things to do.  Have you been enjoying
yourself?  I hope so, I've enjoyed thinking about you."  Tease,
tease, tease. Come on babe, let's get this show on the road, I thought. 
"I can see the vibrator was working harder so I can turn it down. 
I was wondering, was that TV here last week?"  A nod yes.  "Where's
the camera?"  I tried to point to the corner of the room.  "Oh,
there it is.  No wonder I didn’t see it before.  Did you make
a video last week?"  Head shake no.  She took the chain for the
nipple clips and pulled a little.  "You wouldn't lie to me, would
you?"  As she pulled a little harder, I shook my head about as hard
as I could.  "Alright, take it easy, but if you aren't tell the truth,
you will be punished."  Oh no, did I bite off more than I could chew,
what kind of trouble am I in.  At least I'm not a total idiot. 
I added an extra release to one of the water jugs.  The jug is tied
by a slip knot with a string running to the wrist cuff.  A little
tug and I'm outta here.

"We are going to do things a little differently this time.  Last
week, you turned off the vibrator when I wanted it the most.  But
I won't be that mean to you.  Tickling is very erotic and I know first
hand.  I would like you to experience the same feeling.  Do you
agree?"  A vigorous nod yes.  "I'm glad, but I was going to,
no matter what you said.  Since you started at the bottom so will
I but first I need to do something about this 'guy' in my face." 
(I could make a suggestion...)  She sat on the chair, selected a 1/4"
wide leather strap and threaded behind the hip belt.  She was gentle
but the scraping of her finger nails on my stomach was a wonderful prelude
to what would be coming soon.  I tried not to twitch but couldn't
resist.  "Do you like that?"  Another nod.  The strap was
in place and gently tied.

"Here's how this will work.  The gag and blind fold stay on. 
Little by little you will be tickled anywhere I can reach.  I will
watch your head at all times and as soon as you indicate 'no' I will stop,
then move to another area.  In a little while, I will ask if you want
to take a break.  Your head will tell yes or no.  Do you understand?"
A nod.  "I think we're ready."  A quick nod and she was into
my knees, rubbing, squeezing, scraping, scratching, the feeling shot through
me like a rocket.  Finger nails are the best when done right. 
She seemed to know more about this than I had originally thought. 
Maybe a lot more.  Next, she slid her finger tips and nails up my
thigh squeezing all the way.  More writhing, more twitching, more
of this strange but great feeling.  I'm noticing that my erection
as become considerably harder and my nipples aren't far behind.  I
have no idea how long it lasted, seconds, minutes, but I finally gave in
and shook my head 'no'.

True to her word, she stopped and I fell limp in my bounds.  "You
lasted quite a long time, you must really have liked it."  I was drained
but recovering and even with my head hanging down I was able to give a
slow nod.  "Do you need a break?"  Another slow nod.  "Of
course you do, you have been hanging here for over 30 minutes."  She
removed the gag and blind fold then lifted the jugs to release my arms
and restore the blood flow.  With my jaw back in order I ask to have
the vibrator turned off and the nipple clips removed.  There was a
sharp pain as the blood returned but she eased me through it, not only
with her fingers but also her tongue.  Now that was good.  She
left, heading for the kitchen to get something to drink, but I could hear
movement in the bedroom.  Later, there were noises in the kitchen
and in less that a minute she was back but wearing her robe instead of
clothes.  "Did you undress?", I questioned.
    "I really don't think that is any of your business.",
she said with a laughing tone.
    "OK, but normally, the person tied is the person
nude.
    "Don't worry about it.  Drink?"  Those
four words are usually a clue that you should worry.
    After a few sips I said, "I've recovered. 
Ready to go again?"
 
Jugs down, gag in, blind fold on, and fingers straight into the ribs. 
Wow!  That wasn't just a rocket, that was the whole arsenal. 
It only lasted a few seconds, but what a great few seconds.  I wouldn't
have held out very long, the feeling was too much and she knew it. 
She eased up and started working at the base of my ribs.  Finger tips
and nails, small circles here, larger circles there, working in and out
while constantly working upward.  Little by little she moves closer
to my arm pits.  All the while I'm twitching and squirming, involuntary
movement in an effort to escape but I didn't really want to get away. 
As she moves higher the feeling is too strong, I give in and shake my head. 
She stops instantly and I fell limp again.  She slipped off the blind
fold and held my head.  "Are you OK?"  I give a little nod as
she removes the gag.  "That was a long time again, you must like this
a much as I do.  You must really be sensitive up here."  I jump
as she placed her hands on my upper ribs near my arm pits.  "That
gives me and idea.  Have you recovered?"  "Yes.", I reply as
she replaces the blind fold and stood on the chair.

"I'm going to place something on your lips.  It won't be bad so
don't pull away.  Do you know what it is?"   "Is it your
nipple?"
   
"That's right.  Here's what we are going to.  As long as
you can give me enough pleasure to keep me distracted I won't tickle your
arm pits, but the instant you ease up, your going to get it."  I instantly
inhaled her nipple, areole and part of her breast into my mouth. 
After clamping with my lips I start to work with my tongue.  
"O-h-h, you understand fully.  You should have some pleasure too." 
She started to gently rub my upper ribs and chest in an effort to distract
me.  I stopped using my tongue and she started right in with her nails. 
Better keep up the tongue action.  "As you can see, this distraction
works both ways.  O-h-h, that is so good, do the other one." 
The other nipple had hardened a little which made it better for her. 
After several minutes of switching nipples and mild tickling, she stopped
and stepped off the chair.  I can hear things being moved around the
room, then the leather strap was removed from my penis.  Next, I feel
her breasts push against my chest and her lips touch mine.  She must
be standing on something as she whispers, "Time to 'shake' your 'earth'."
 
Comments on this story or Bound she is can be e-mailed to:
 adamegg6751@yahoo.com
