---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Crimean Girl In Exile
authors:
- Rojer1209
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- shackles
- chain
- kidnap
- captive
- rape
- anal
- sex
- oral
- corset
- hood
- rope
- crotchrope
- bed-tie
- reluct
- nc
- cons
- XX
date: 2020-05-24 00:00:00
---

Continues from [part one](crimean_girl1.html)

M/F, MF, anal, reluctant, sex, bond, cuffs, chain, corset, crotchrope, bed-tie, bodymod, reluctant, shackles, hood, insert, toys, captive, kidnap, revenge, transported, sen-dep,

After Anna realised that she was alone and being transported somewhere, she bent down and attempted to remove the hood. She found the zip and began opening it. The zip kept stopping where her hair was trapped and so opening the hood took her a few minutes.

She dropped it on the floor and had a look around her. Her flimsy shoes and the wrap from her shoulders were at the back of the trailer with the empty cardboard box. She moved her hands along the divider bar to see if there was any way to remove the release bolts but they were way out of reach.

Danny knew that the hood was tight fitting and gave the person wearing it a headache after a short time so he pulled over in an isolated layby. He could hear her shouting and so he opened the door of the trailer.

The sight before him wasn’t as he expected. Anna was standing, turned as far as she could towards him without the hood on. Her hair was a mess and with her bikini and shorts on she looked like an actress in an Amazon jungle movie or Jane from Tarzan. He wanted to fuck her right and then but that wasn’t practical.

“Get these fucking cuffs off me!” She demanded.

“No! I only came to remove the hood but I see you’ve managed that yourself,” he said. “Try to make yourself comfortable, we have about another twenty minutes to go yet.” He exited the trailer.

“Fuck you!” she shouted, as he locked the door again.

Before driving off, he continued with his revenge plan by calling the immigration authorities and blowing the whistle on Ivan and the rest of the immigrants, including those living at Anna’s address. He’d planned this for a long time and knew that they would all quickly be arrested and then deported.

It felt really satisfying and he was now on a high. He could hear Anna shouting for help and kicking the sides of the trailer so he set off again to the old chapel, his new home.

The old converted chapel had been equipped by Danny for the purpose of him serving out his revenge on Anna by keeping her captive. He had installed an electric winch attached to one of the roof beams up in the loft area close to one of the walls.

Hanging from the hook was a long chain which went all the way down against the wall, from the roof to the floor. Where the chain touched the floor, using a thick lock, he had attached Ivan’s shackles that he had discovered in the stables. He had fitted brackets to and bolted an iron framed bed to the stone floor so that it couldn’t be moved, close to the wall where the chain hung down.

Danny parked his truck outside and entered the old chapel alone, via the set of heavy wooden porch doors at the front. Over at the bed, he pulled the shackles through the iron framed headboard and pressed the DOWN button on the remote controller for the winch. The chain lowered down the wall allowing him to pull five meters of it through the headboard.

He hung the shackles over the end of his dining table, picked up a coil of rope, then went outside and opened the ramp at the back of the trailer.

“Where the fuck are we?” she shouted.

“Your new home.” Her eyes were more fixed on the rope in his hands rather than on the scene outside the open door of the trailer. “Now we can do this the easy way, or you can struggle. The outcome will be the same.”

“What are you going to do to me?”

He approached her on the same side of the trailer divider, uncoiling the rope as he walked. He tied her elbows tightly together in front of her stomach then passed the two trailing ends of the rope down between her legs and brought them up behind her, pulling the ropes up tightly into her crotch. He tied the ropes behind her then brought them back around above her arse cheeks either side of her and back to her front where he tied them off around her elbows again. He then wrapped his arms around her chest from behind her and kissed the side of her head.

“I’m not going to hurt you,” he whispered in her ear. When he let go she turned her head and shoulders to face him.

“I fucking hate you!” she said, then spat in his face.

He stopped and looked at her. After wiping his face with his hand, he sniffed his fingers and then licked them in front of her with a look of enjoyment on his face.

“I’m going to be licking the juices from between your legs,” he said, “spitting at me is like foreplay.” He took the keys out of his pocket and removed the cuffs from around the divider bar then immediately re-cuffed her hands in front of her. They walked to the back of the trailer where she put her flimsy beach shoes back on and continued with him down the horse trailer ramp.

As they walked into the old chapel through two sets of high, thick wooden doors at either side of a porch, Anna looked all around her, noticing how isolated this place was and realising that screaming for help out here would do her no good.

They entered their new home together where she had her first look at what a high standard of finish the building conversion was and how grand it looked with its high ceiling and restored stained glass windows. He walked her over to the dining table where she recognised the shackles and knew immediately that they were for her.

“You don’t have to do this,” she said.

“Save your breath.”

He sat her down on a dining chair and removed her handcuffs, leaving her elbows still tied together. He then opened one of the shackles and closed it around her wrist.

Next he threaded the locking pin through all the aligned holes on the opposite side to the hinge and fitted the small padlock through the little hole at the end of the locking pin. “These will be much more comfortable than those handcuffs.”

Anna just shook her head in disgust as he repeated the process of shackling her other wrist, looking her in the eye and smiling at her as he clicked the second lock shut.

“There. Now don’t they look good? Ivan chose well,” he said, sarcastically. She held one of the cuffs and rotated her wrist around in it. “Let me show you how this works,” he said, showing her the remote controller for the winch.

He pressed the UP button. The steel wire cable of the winch retracted its hook up the wall, pulling the chain, causing it to begin clanking its way through the metal bed frame and up the wall, pulling the middle link of her shackles with it.

“No! STOP IT!” she shouted.

Danny just stepped back and watched her beautiful tightly denim clad arse rock her hips as she reluctantly walked away from him. She gave little resistance as she was dragged by the machinery over to the bed where he let go of the UP button, allowing her to stop, leaving just over a meter of chain free.

“Sit down.” He told her.

He walked over to her as she sat on the bed. He unfastened the knot at the end of the rope and untied her elbows.

“Don’t you touch me,” she said, in a stern voice.

“We can play with the rope later, if you like it that much,” he joked, “now lay down.” She lay on her side and brought her legs up onto the white linen bedding.

Anna was from a part of Crimea called Balaclava, which was a deprived area, and she had grown up in poverty. She had to work in the Ukraine to pay for her time at university and lived in shitty accommodation there too. She had a small un-equipped flat when she worked for the government but had to run away to Croatia after she was found to be responsible for the death of the government official.

She never slept in a bed for the whole of her journey from Croatia to Italy, through France and eventually to England. Her two week journey wasn’t something she ever talked about because she was forced to do whatever it took, to the men who saw her desperation and took advantage of her.

Even her accommodation in the UK was basic and so as she lay on the bed, the first thing she noticed was how luxurious the bedding was and how thick and soft the mattress felt. She had never imagined she could be impressed by something as simple as a soft bed with good quality linen sheets.

He pressed the UP button again and the winch continued to retract the chain, pulling the shackles all the way to the metal frame at the head of the bed. This was the end of travel for the winch, it was the length of chain that Danny had to measure to ensure that he could never accidently pull her wrists through the bed frame. She lay on her back on the mattress in her bikini top and shorts with her hair randomly spread around on the pillow and her hands shackled above her head. Danny sat on the mattress next to her.

“Why are you doing this?” she asked.

“Let’s just say it’s a citizen’s arrest, shall we? Ivan and all your other colleagues are about to be arrested and deported. They’ll think that you were picked up first and grassed on the rest of them. It’s just you and me now. Nobody knows that you exist in this country; nobody knows you are here and nobody’s going to know how long you’ve actually been here. I can just explain that I had to restrain you because you were fighting me and that you’ve only been here a couple of hours. The length of time it took for any authorities to arrive should anybody find out about you.”

“But why me?”

“You cost me my wife, child and home, with your get rich quick scheming plans. I fell for you and your honey-trap because you are so beautiful. You had me hooked. I must have been easy prey for you.”

She looked at him and said, “thank you. And for the record, I liked you too. It was Ivan who forced me to let him film us. You have no idea how dangerous he is. I loved having sex with you and I too was heart broken about what happened.”

She looked up and pulled at the cuffs. “You didn’t have to do this to me. I would have still liked you if you hadn’t done any of this.”

“You never stop, do you? There you go again using your sex appeal to your advantage.”

“That’s not true! I can prove it to you. Remove the cuffs and we can make love.”

He laughed. “No. How about we make love and I leave the cuffs on.”

“Trust me Danny. You’re an attractive guy. If it’s a replacement wife you’re looking for then this isn’t the way to treat me. Just please remove these cuffs.”

He laughed again. “Nice try,” he said, “you’re going to say anything to get out of here.”

“Try me,” she said, “make love to me and then we can remove the cuffs. It’ll be just like we did in the stable, remember?”

They stared at each other for a while before he made his move, laying on top of her and kissing her. He stopped for a moment and saw that her eyes were closed. “I’ll remove the cuffs, when we have both made love.”

“So make love to me then, Mr Danny.”

He knew she was playing him just to get released, but couldn’t help himself. He so much wanted to fuck her. He removed her bikini top and began kissing her nipples. He then moved down to her naval and on to her crotch where he pressed his face into her camel toe caused by her tight fitting shorts. He encouraged her to roll onto her front where he kissed, fondled, nibbled and fell in love with her arse cheeks. His mind was made up. He left her momentarily and picked up some baby oil from the bathroom. He kissed her and then sat up and removed her shorts.

“I want you, Mr Danny,” she said, making sure to keep him seduced and interested.

“Call me Danny,” he said, as he removed her bikini bottoms and kissed her again. He pulled the pillows from under her head and put them under her stomach then rolled her back over onto them. With her facing down, he poured baby oil on the crack of her arse cheeks and massaged it all the way as it ran down between her legs, past her arse hole and lips, concentrating his fingers on her clitoris.

“We need protection,” she whispered.

*Shit!* He thought, but he was too aroused. He poured a little more oil on and brought his hand back up between her legs but this time he tested the tightness of her oily arse hole with his finger.

“No!” she shouted. He lay on top of her and pressed his pulsing cock down between her legs, rubbing it over her lips, still tempted to go ahead without contraception.

“Is that what you want?” he asked.

“Can I turn over?”

“No.” He put his knees between her legs, spread them apart and squirted more oil over her. He pressed the slippery tip of his cock against her arse hole and pushed firmly a few times, trying to break through the threshold, but she wouldn’t relax her sphincter and let him in.

Realising that this was the only way to get her freedom, she momentarily relaxed as he pressed again and slowly his tip broke through. She cried out in discomfort as he entered her. He continued to push in through her lubricated arsehole as she clamped up her sphincter again around his cock, attempting to stop him. It was too late, he was already inside her and more aroused than ever. He lay his chest on her back with his hands up through her armpits holding on to her shoulders from her front.

Anna continued to cry out for the next few minutes each time he moved in and out of her until the point when he finally stopped the motion, holding himself all the way in. He pulled down on her shoulders and pushed up with his cock allowing his body to fire four shots of cum inside her. He pulled himself out and lay next to her breathing heavily. He put the pillows back under her head and she rolled over onto her back, pulling down on her cuffs as she did. She was so glad it was over but even more happy with the knowledge that she had just earned her freedom.

“Did you like that?” she asked him.

He kissed her. “You are so fucking beautiful.”

“I need to take a shit?”

“Of course,” he replied, thinking about what he had just deposited inside her.

He reached for the remote control, pressed the DOWN button and began pulling the chain through the frame at the head of the bed, coiling it up on the mattress in between them.

“There you go. The bathroom is through there,” he said, pointing towards an open doorway.

“You’ll have to unfasten these cuffs.”

“No. There is enough chain for you to go to the bathroom and into the kitchen.”

“What?” she shouted, “You promised that you would release me after we made love.”

“We didn’t make love, that was just me fucking you. It doesn’t make me trust you any more than before.”

“You bastard!” she shouted.

Danny jumped off the bed and ran away out of her reach as she tried to attack him. She stopped at the end of her chain, turned and began to cry. She then ran into the bathroom.

Anna came out of the bathroom to see Danny holding the winch remote control in his hand.

“Are we going to have anymore little outbursts like that again?” he asked.

“Fuck you!”

He held up the remote controller in front of her face. “Let me remind you who’s in charge here.” He pressed the UP button, and the chain began to take up the slack.

“No!” she shouted, and tried to pull against the chain but it just dragged her slowly across the floor over to the bed. He allowed it to go all the way until the winch cut out as it was fully recoiled and her shackles were back up to the metal frame at the head of the bed again.

“Is it because you didn’t cum too?” he asked, sarcastically. Then he pressed the DOWN button and gave her all the slack again. He washed himself, got dressed and went out in his truck, leaving her to get used to her new home.

He drove past her house and Ivan’s house, to find them empty. He spoke to a neighbour who explained that he had just missed the commotion, as the police and what looked like immigration had just swooped down and arrested about seven people from both the houses.

Meanwhile Anna was dressed and looking around the kitchen and bathroom for any keys or cutting tools so that she could escape. She went back over to the bed and saw her chance. Right in front of her was the hook at the bottom of the steel winch rope where the end of the chain was attached. It was within reach, allowing her to remove the end link of the chain from the hook then pull it through the bed frame.

She thought, *how could he overlook such an obvious mistake?* She gathered up the chain into a large bundle in her arms and headed for the door. She caught her first breath of freedom as she opened the second set of heavy wooden doors of the porch and ran outside, cradling the chain in her arms.

The rough ground was not suitable for her flimsy beach shoes but she wasn’t going to let that stop her. Her run for freedom quickly turned to a run of panic when she saw his truck over a field on the road leading to the driveway. It began to speed up, heading towards her. Anna didn’t stand a chance as he caught her up, jumped out and wrestled her to the ground.

“Where the fuck are you going?” he asked.

“Let me go!” she screamed.

She continued to scream for help as he dragged her by the chain back into the old chapel and over to the wall where the hook was hanging down. He grabbed the remote, hooked a link of the chain close to her shackles onto the hook and held it in place as he pressed the UP button. She knew exactly what was about to happen, the question was how high up the wall was he going to pull her arms.

“Okay, okay, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she told him, purposely not kicking out at him because she wanted some sort of mercy. He didn’t stop the winch until he saw her rise up onto her tiptoes.

“AGGGHHHHHH,” she shouted. “that’s too much!”

He left her hanging there whilst he retrieved the other set of shackles, planted by Anna in the stables. “I didn’t want to have to use these,” he said, holding them in front of her.

She just wanted this to be over and so let him attach them around her ankles and lock them in place. He lowered the winch, unhooked the chain and threaded it through the bed frame again.

“You’ve just lost your freedom to roam around when I’m not here,” he told her and then hooked the end of the chain back onto the winch cable. She watched as the hook was raised up high enough to be out of reach of her hands.

“I’m sorry,” she said and sat on the bed.

“I knew I couldn’t trust you.”

---

She was allowed the full length of chain when they were cooking and eating. In a kitchen drawer she noticed a silver nutcracker. She looked at the size of it and when he had his back turned, picked it up. Under the table she put the hinge of the nutcracker through the shank of the small padlock on one of her cuffs. A little ray of hope landed on her as it fit through the lock, so she quickly hid it in her pocket.

Danny then shortened her chain slightly so that he could have a shower. When she heard him enter the shower she pulled out the nut-cracker and inserted the hinge through the shank of the padlock on one of her ankle shackles. Using both hands she prised the nutcracker open, forcing the padlock.

Her heart skipped a beat when the lock sprung open.

She quickly broke off the other lock and removed the ankle shackles, then inserted the nutcracker hinge through the lock on one of her wrist shackles. Opening the handles was not so easy this time because she needed both hands to pry the handles open.

“Shit,” she said as she heard the water turn off. She placed one handle on the other side of the bed frame and pulled the opposite handle towards her, snapping the lock open.

Danny heard a clang noise from the bathroom, causing him to curiously poke his head out of the door. He couldn’t believe it when he saw both of her ankles and one of her wrists unrestrained. He ran over, tackled the nutcracker from her hand, sat on her waist and pressed her arms into the bed. He checked the lock was still in place on her remaining cuff, then stepped back away from her and raised the winch, pulling only one of her arms up to the headboard.

He retrieved his standard handcuffs and locked her free wrist to the headboard as she screamed and shouted at him. He then picked up the ankle shackles and attached them through the bars at the foot of the bed, onto her ankles.

“You do not learn, do you?”

The shackles were not locked but it didn’t matter because she wasn’t able to reach them.

He got dressed then disappeared outside for a while to collect some tools.

Anna watched in horror as he returned carrying a huge hammer with a long handle in one hand and a smaller hammer in the other.

Sitting on the bed by her feet, he freed one of her ankles and removed the chain from around the bed frame then refitted it to her leg again. He picked up the head of the large twenty pound sledge hammer in one hand and rested it on the bed, pressing it against the head of the locking pin of the shackle. The other end of the locking pin was protruding through the locking holes of the shackle, awaiting its small padlock which was now destroyed.

He hit this end of the locking pin with the other smaller hammer numerous times, until the hole for the padlock was completely collapsed in and the end of the pin splayed out like a rivet head, making it too large to go back through the intermeshing locking holes. He repeated this process with the other leg cuff, again using the sledge hammer as an anvil and mushrooming the narrow end of the locking pin so that it could no longer be removed without cutting equipment. He then moved up the bed to her shackled wrist and removed the small padlock. Using the two hammers, he made this shackle a permanent fixture of her wrist. Her final limb was un-cuffed from the bedframe, placed it in the awaiting shackle and locked in place with the hammers, permanently fitting it to her other wrist.

Anna inspected the distorted locking pins and panicked a little when she realised they could no longer be removed by means of a key. “Tell me you haven’t just done that?” she asked.

“Sorry, I can’t risk you escaping,” he told her, still sitting next to her on the bed. “I don’t want you running away.”

She looked at him and shouted, “You could have had me with a simple ring on my finger, not with all this shit!”

“It wouldn’t have been the same,” he told her, “you see, I fell in love with you when you told me you wanted me to make you feel helpless.”

She watched him stand up off the bed and she muttered quietly, “That was when I liked you.”

He walked away and came back to the bed with the coil of rope. He tied it around one of her ankles, just below her shackle and then threaded it around one of the bars of the frame at the bottom of the bed. He then threaded the rope around another of the bars and tied her other ankle, pulling them apart as far as the chain would allow. The purpose was not to spread her legs out wide but only to stop her from hitting him with her knees.

“What are you doing that for?” she asked.

He straddled her legs and sat on her thighs facing her. He then played with her nipples and lay on her chest. “What would be a real bonus is if you were ticklish.”

“Fuck off, Danny!”

He looked her in the eyes and smiled. “You are, aren’t you?”

“No.”

“Do you honestly think that I’m not going to check?” He put his fingers under her armpits, at the top of her ribcage. She took in a tiny gasp of air and flinched her upper body left, then right when his fingers touched her. He began the fast finger poking and drilling action of tickling her hard under her arms, down her sides and across her stomach.

“No!” she screamed, and thrashed in her bonds whilst giggling at the top of her voice. He stopped tickling her. “Fuck off! That is not fair and not funny!”

“Not funny eh? Let me just see.”

“AAAGGHHHHH! NO!” she shouted out, as he repeated the finger rib drilling over her chest again. There was nothing she could do to stop him. When he did eventually stop, he lay on her chest, held her head and kissed her tightly closed lips.

“I fucking love you.”

“Fuck you,” she told him, “get these fucking chains off me if you love me!”

“No. What could be more of a turn on than a helpless semi-naked beautiful girl, spread out and chained to your bed every night?”

She paused and thought for a while, then told him, “being stretched out like this hurts you know.”

He untied her legs so that she could bend her knees and lowered the winch allowing her enough slack to curl up into a ball in the middle of the mattress. Then he curled up behind her on the bed and tried to put his arm around her, saying, “I can look after you. I won’t let any harm come to you.” She just rolled away from him and said nothing. They slept in the same bed but he wanted her to build up some trust in him and so he never touched her again throughout the night.

After eating, Anna realised that she wasn’t able to remove her shorts because of her leg shackles. Her bikini bottoms and top both tied at each side so they could be removed.

She had to sit down in the shower with her shorts outside of the curtain then wash her feet later, separately. She complained about this and also about the pain the shackles caused on her ankles when she walked. Danny immediately recognised this as a problem and so began writing a list of essentials he needed to buy for her.

Anna had to spend three immensely long and boring hours alone on the bed with only two meters of chain so that she couldn’t reach the hook, during the time he was out shopping. This gave her time to reflect on the situation and the fact that she wasn’t actually in any danger, just temporarily imprisoned in the UK, instead of her alternative which was life behind bars in a Ukrainian prison.

She was being held captive by an attractive guy who was obsessed with her and so this could only work in her favour, all she had to do was play along with his demands; after all, this was nothing new to her.

She now knew that he liked it when she was chained to the bed, helpless and available. She was pretty sure that any punishments from now on were going to involve her being tickled into submission, so physical harm was out. He had kidnaped her as an act of revenge for the part she had played in him losing his wife and child so surely all she had to do to get through this was cook, clean and not reject his advances. She had to make good of her circumstance because the alternative of her being deported like Ivan and the rest of his colleagues at the click of Danny’s fingers wasn’t an option for her.

She was feeling more relaxed now and found herself actually relieved to see him when he returned home. She greeted him with a smile and stood up to see what he had bought for her. He lowered the winch to release the rest of the chain and they both stood at the dining table. A pair of black ankle boots with fur lined padding around the top which would allow her shackles to rest on.

“These will prevent the pain in your tendons as they press against the shackles when you walk.” She liked the thought of this and so tried the boots on immediately, to find that they were absolutely fine, not too small and not too tight.

Next were three pairs of thigh high socks which could be passed individually against her skin, through each shackle, all the way up the leg to keep her legs warm. Five more bikinis, all different colours but the same style as she was wearing, having the tie strings at both sides of her hips and chest.

“These can be used as your replaceable underwear so that you can keep on top of washing them.” He then showed her a cream metal boned corset which could be unfastened and wrapped around her torso then laced up at the back. “I bought you this as a top. It’s not possible get your arms through anything else wearing those cuffs and this simply wraps around.”

To play along with him, she picked up the corset and pretended to like it. “Wow,” she said, and held it up to her chest.

“I thought about a skirt or a summer dress, but they wouldn’t show that beautiful hourglass waist and hips of yours off as good as a fitted corset.”

“And finally,” he said, then pulled out a vibrator from a separate bag, “I bought you this, to warm you up when you’re not quite in the same mood as me.” She couldn’t help but look shocked at the sight of it and picked up the box immediately. It wasn’t huge but an inferior man would be proud to boast of having a cock that size. Another smaller part spurred off at a tangent near the base of the device, to press against the clitoris. It was described as a Bluetooth operated clitoris stimulating love toy, operated by a smartphone downloadable app.

Danny placed the vibrator on charge and began cooking for them as she walked around the building, checking out the limits of her bonds. “Could you unhook this chain so that I can walk around now that you’re here watching me?”

“No,” he said. However, that gave him an idea. An existing original feature of the chapel was a thick black painted pipe running most of the way around the inside of the building, feeding the antique cast iron radiators from the boiler.

Close to the wall, the pipe was raised six inches from the floor by securing clamps, each spaced two feet apart which rose up, over and around the door frame, now hidden by curtains on either side of the doorway. After eating, he walked over to the tall interior doors leading to the porch and grasped hold of the sturdy pipe, taking note of the size of the screw heads drilled into the stonework fixing the clamps. The pipe over the doorway was high up and out of reach but he could tell it was as secure as the vertical sections on either side of the stone door frame. He was confident enough that the winch cable would reach far enough to be hung over the pipe, between two of the clamps which would in turn stop the steel cable from being pulled down either side and therefore keep the hook high up out of her reach.

“The weather is hot outside, why don’t you come and remind yourself what freedom looks like?” He teased.

He then lowered the winch cable down the wall and unhooked the end of the chain from it, then continued to lower the winch as he walked with the hook over to the door. The cable strung diagonally across the room from the ceiling to the door where he swung it up over the pipe, having enough slack to be able to reach it again as it fell down the other side.

“Come on,” he said, “bring your chain.” She gathered up the chain in her arms and walked over to him. With a good idea in her mind of what he was going to do next she presented him with the end link. Sure enough the chain link was placed back on the hook then retracted with his remote controller until it was out of reach.

This now gave her enough spare chain to go outside the porch with three meters remaining outside to play with. Anna was so relieved about the thick cushioned, fur lined top of the ankle boots supporting the shackles, allowing her to walk comfortably as she followed him outside.

He had a garden table and two chairs made from wrought iron near the door, which he dragged over for her to sit on. They sat and talked for a while, but Danny panicked when he saw a delivery van driving along the road, signalling to turn towards them and beginning to slow down as it approached their driveway at the end of the field.

“Inside. Quick,” he ordered.

“Don’t panic,” she replied, “I won’t try anything.”

“Inside. Now,” he told her.

“It’ll be fine.” she said and remained seated.

He pressed the UP button and the chain began to pull her to her feet and back into the porch. “Oh fuck off!” she shouted.

Danny was now both panicking and annoyed. He followed behind her keeping his finger on the button until her arms were pulled all the way inside and up above her head aiming towards the pipe.

“Aaahhh!” she shouted, as she was pulled up onto her tiptoes just as he stopped the winch. “That hurts.”

He lowered her back down so that she could stand properly on her feet. “I gave you an inch and you think you can take a mile.” She watched him run and disappear into another room. Her legs went weak when she saw him coming back over to her carrying the dreaded leather hood in his hand.

“Danny, no, please,” she begged, “please no, Danny, no.” He saw her look up at her shackles and try to pull one of them off over her hand whilst trying to step back away from him. “Danny, I’m begging you. Please don’t put that thing on me again. Please. I can’t breathe with that on.”

He continued walking towards her. She was now swinging from her chains, pulling down on them so much that her feet were lifting off the floor. He glanced out of the window, confirming that the delivery van was still approaching then he stood in front of her. She tried to push him away by lifting her legs up and kicking him out of reach but he simply spun her around and held her from behind with his arm around her waist.

“Please. I won’t try anything stupid. Don’t make me wear that. What is it that you want?”

“I want you,” he whispered in her ear, “but first I want you to be quiet.”

“Okay, you’ve got me. I won’t say anything, I promise.” He could feel her shaking as she spoke.

“I’m sorry. It’ll only be for a moment.” He quickly pressed the leather mask part against her face and pulled the rest of the hood over her head, zipping it up as he did. He then walked out to meet the delivery driver, closing both sets of doors behind him. It was an envelope he was expecting, requiring a signature. After calmly thanking the driver, he quickly ran back inside to remove the hood. The hood was ripped off, messing up her hair and thrown onto the table.

“Why did you have to do that?”

“I’m sorry,” he said, straightening her hair with his hands. He held up the package and said, “This is for you.” The winch began to move, allowing her hands to lower all the way down in front of her. “Open it.” He handed the envelope to her.

Hating him for the hood incident, but too curious of what was in the package, she took it from him, tore it open and had a look of confusion on her face when she found herself holding a British passport.

“And?” she said.

“Open it.”

Disbelief and hope struck her when she saw the picture of her that Danny had taken months earlier in the stables, with the name Candy Kovanofsky and a date of birth that was not hers.

“Oh my god,” she said. If this was real it was the answer to her prayers. Her ticket to freedom. “Is this real?”

“As real as mine is,” he said. “It isn’t a forgery; it was done with a batch of others by a corrupt IT guy working at the passport office. It cost me ten thousand pounds.”

The passport began to shake as she realised just how valuable this little booklet in her hand was. It was her pardon, her new life, her escape, her new future. This meant everything to her. Unable to speak, she thought she might cry. She put her chained arms over his head and pulled him in close to her hugging him tightly.

“Why?” she asked, “I destroyed your life and you are offering me a new one. Why?”

There was a clanking noise as her arms were raised back up above her head. He gently took the passport from her fingers as they went up past her head. Danny then removed her bikini top and her shorts, letting them fall to the floor.

“Time to get you dressed.” She didn’t reply with any words but just watched him walk over to the table and bring back the corset. “We have a new and different life ahead of us. I want to give you a taste of how it’s going to be.”

After unfastening the metal clips at the front of the corset he wrapped it around her waist and refastened them in front of her. The laces at the back were already loosely tied, ready to be pulled tight and allow the corset to take its shape. Starting at the top he tugged at the laces, working his way down. He continued to pull them, bringing each of the metal lace holes closer together. Once he reached the bottom, he repeated the process again by starting at the top, this time pulling her whole body backwards each time he pulled on the laces. It was now pretty tight, she had to breathe out, hold her breath, then go through the motion of breathing in without drawing any air, to pull her stomach in and relieve the pressure on her waist.

“Okay, okay,” she said, “that’s tight enough.” The corset was designed to cover the wearer’s breasts without putting pressure on them after tightening. He repeated the process once more, this time pulling the corset fully closed. “Fucking hell,” she said, with a shallow breath. There was a lot of surplus lace hanging from the bottom holes so he tied them off in a double knot and let them hang down to the floor. He then disappeared and came back with the baby oil and vibrator.

“Don’t we make love in my new life?” she asked.

He didn’t answer but pulled her bikini bottoms down slightly, rubbed the lubricating baby oil all over her lips and the vibrator, then he presented it to her entrance. The sex toy slipped in easily enough when he slowly and carefully manipulated it into position. Next he pulled up her bikini bottoms, followed by her shorts.

“Let’s see how this thing works,” he said holding his smart phone in his hand. As the app was downloading, she asked him if he would lower her arms down a little so she could touch him, to which he declined and stood face to face with her. He put his hands on her hips and followed the contours of her enhanced shape up and down from her arms to her arse.

“I didn’t think anybody could look so beautiful,” he told her, “helpless remember? That’s your new life.” Then he kissed her. “You look sexier with your arms up so that’s how I would like you to be.”

He looked back at his phone and began pressing the screen. Her leg movement confirmed the vibrator awakening inside her as he heard her ankle chain jingle once. He put his hand between her legs to confirm the vibrations.

The long trailing ends of the laces were hanging down behind her so he pulled them through her crotch, to her front and tied them together in a knot just below the top button of her shorts. The two laces then went either side, around her waist, through her belt loops, crossing behind her and meeting at the front again where he tied them tightly. This caused her shorts to be pulled up higher at the same time as tightening the makeshift crotch rope, increasing the pressure on the vibrator against her clitoris. Standing behind her he put his hand between her legs and adjusted the vibrator setting until he found the maximum. He sniffed her hair and kissed her neck. Rubbing his hands all over her curves, pressing his erection against the tight denim of her crotch rope enhanced arse. Danny felt like his cock was about to burst.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

“I can handle this, if that’s what you mean,” she told him, “and by the way, you don’t need to worry about me running off again.” She smiled at him. “I don’t mind letting you take care of me and keeping me like this, if that’s what you want.”

“You have no idea how much I want you.” He kissed her. With both hands on her arse, he turned her around and pulled her vibrating crotch onto his erection. Still kissing, he rubbed himself up and down against her with a dry humping action. He then moved his hands up and around her tightly compressed waistline, still aroused; he concluded that it would take too long to strip her clothes off and fuck her.

Pulling his mouth away, he asked “Are you sure you’re okay?”

“Yes. If being with you, like this, is all I have to do to earn my freedom from the Ukrainian authorities, then I’m more than happy.” She then moved her head towards him and kissed him. “By the way these vibrations are working on me,” she whispered.

That tipped him over the edge. He held her tightly against him and hoped that her smiling back didn’t mean that she had noticed him make a mess in the front of his own pants. She was pleased and relieved that she was gaining ground and beginning to understand him.

He kissed her again, let go of her waist then stepped away from her and pressed the DOWN button, all the way until the hook was within reach. He unhooked her chain and raised the winch up again, allowing it to swing back over from the pipe to the wall above the bed. He gave her the passport again.

“Candy Kovanofsky,” he said, “you need to learn your new identity.”

She looked at the date of birth. “This makes me three years younger. I should be twenty five not twenty two.”

“Candy Kovanofsky had a Ukrainian father and an American mother. She was born in the UK, but moved with her parents back to the Ukraine, where she died aged six. I obtained a copy of her birth certificate, and that’s the name I used for you.” He turned to her and smiled “You know, a marriage certificate and a genuine change of passport would strengthen your new identity.”

She was overwhelmed, hoping that she understood correctly what he had just suggested.

“Let me take care of you,” he said, “I promise I won’t hurt you.”

“Married?” she asked, “why would you do that for me after what I have done to you?”

“Because this is what I want,” he said, “you’re so beautiful, sexy and sweet.” He kissed her, touched her curves and lifted her chain a little in front of her face. ”Especially when you’re like this. Besides, it was me who was unfaithful to my wife, not you. I didn’t realise how much of a threat Ivan was to you and I can now see that none of this was your fault.”

She put the chain of her cuffs over his head and held him in closer. “Obviously the answer is yes,” she said. then pulled him over to the bed and threw herself on top of him. This time her kiss was meaningful and passionate. She pressed her vibrating crotch against his thigh.

“Who would that make me, then?”

“Mrs Candy Armstrong,” he replied, “age twenty two.”

“I love it,” she said, planting her lips back on his, grinding herself harder against his upper leg, “and you’re not going to hurt me?”

“Did it hurt when I tickled you?”

“Yes,” she smiled.

“That’s unfortunate,” he smiled back, “I have to go out for a while.”

She pulled the chain from behind his back and took hold of his hands, pinning them above his head in the soft bedding. “Not yet, you’re not,” she told him, “I’m about to make a mess in my pants too.”

He loved the way she rubbed herself against him, moaning and breathing fast through her nose with her lips stuck to his face. The vibrations proved successful, confirming her enjoyment as she shook and bucked when her orgasm took over. He switched off the sex toy and they lay there for a short time before Danny stood up to get changed.

She unfastened the laces from around her waist, removed them from between her legs and pulled her shorts down. She untied the knot behind her at the bottom of the corset and began the lengthy process of loosening the laces going up her back. He came back into the room to find her struggling with the laces.

“Good luck with those,” he said. He walked over to her and kissed her. “Baby, I’m so sorry but I’m going to have to chain you up whilst I go out.”

“No, you don’t have to, I won’t run. We are going to be married you know.”

“It’s your new life, remember, and this is what I want.”

She couldn’t argue. This was what she had agreed to after all and so she watched as he hooked the chain through the bedframe then hoisted it up the wall out of her reach, leaving only two meters of slack.

“I’m going to your old home, to collect your things before they get thrown out.” He picked up some paper and a pen. “I need a list of what you want.”

---

They were both disappointed when he returned empty handed after finding that the locks had been changed and the house looked to have been cleared out.

It took a further week for Danny to find someone in Scotland who he could bribe for a marriage certificate but he managed it eventually. He also struggled to get hold of the correct contraception but again he had success in the end. When the certificate arrived in the post, all that was left to do was sign it and get her passport sent off for the name change. This was such an exciting time for Anna, or Candy as she was now known. She practised her new signature and they agreed on the best passport photograph to use.

That was it, the documents were signed and they were now officially husband and wife. She couldn’t quite believe that he was doing all this for her. She would soon be Candy Armstrong and no longer a fugitive facing life in a Ukrainian prison. All the paperwork was filled in and sealed in an envelope, ready to be posted for updating.

Before he walked towards the door she put her chained wrists over his head and kissed him. “I think I might actually have fallen in love with you.”

He placed the envelope on the table, picked her up by her arse cheeks as she held onto him, and carried her over to the bed where he then lay on top of her.

“Remember when I told you that I would remove these shackles after we have both made love?” he said, “well I think that might be about to happen.” They rolled around on the bed, heavy breathing and kissing all over each other, pulling each others’ clothes off.

As they began to make love, she raised her arms above her head and told him to pull the chain tight up to the headboard. He obliged with the remote controller and climbed back on top of her.

“Tell me that this is really happening,” she said.

“Is this what you want?”

She pulled down on the chain connecting her wrists and arched her back. “I’m in heaven. This is definitely what I want.”

He controlled himself, guaranteeing a magical moment when they orgasmed together.

“I love you Mrs Armstrong.”

“I love you too, Mr Armstrong.”

They cuddled together for a while.

“Do you want to come out with me today so that we can post the documents together?” he asked. She was stunned and stared at him in disbelief. He simply kissed her, went to his tool chest and brought back a metal saw. Resting her wrist cuffs on the dining table he began cutting off the distorted end of the locking pin.

It was a relief when the first pin was removed and the cuff swung open, releasing her wrist from its snug circle. “Are you going to hit me when I remove this one?” he asked, as he started attacking the other locking pin.

She smiled. “There was a time when I would have lashed out at you, but right now I’m thinking it’s a shame that you have to destroy these cuffs.”

“Oh they're not destroyed,” he said, “I have a simple spot welder that will get these back on again. Besides, we still have the original handcuffs remember?”

“I can’t wait,” She joked with a smile. The saw did its work and he pulled the pin out, releasing her other wrist. “Thank you,” was all she said.

He asked her to lay on the floor so that he could cut off her leg shackles. The freedom felt good when she stood up again and was able to walk around free from any chains at last. They showered and she borrowed a white shirt of his, tying it closed in a knot at the front as it was far too big for her, leaving her belly button on show.

He drove them both into town where they dropped the envelope off at the post office. She watched as he passed it to the cashier and let go, confirming the fate of her new future. This time the documents would all come back legal without having to bribe anybody.

“Done,” he said, with a beaming smile on his face, “shall we celebrate?”

She made the most of the evening, drinking, laughing and chatting. Danny loved being with her. It didn’t matter to him that he had to remain sober enough to drive them home, he was on such a high anyway. She was drunk and slurring her words on the way home.

“Are you going to chain me up again tonight?” she asked before unclipping her seatbelt.

“I’d like to. Would you be ok with that?”

“So long as you make it special like last time.”

He carried her over the threshold, through both sets of doors and lay her on the bed. They got naked and were about to make love when she brought up the subject of not being chained. Danny stood up, grabbed the wrist shackles and opened the large lock attaching the long winch chain to the middle link of the shackle chain.

“Are you sure about this?”

Still drunk, she replied, “do your worst!”

He poured her another drink then disappeared naked for a minute to pick up his spot welder. She let him fit one of the shackles around her wrist and watched him thread the locking pin through the set of holes opposite the hinge. The now two inch pin was cut off flush with the edge of the cuff and no longer protruded beyond the length of the locking holes. He brought the spot welder over and switched it on.

“Hold still,” he said, touching one of the electrodes on the domed head of the locking pin. A bright blue flash happened when the other electrode was touched on the cut off end of the pin, welding it to the side of the hole which it was pushed through. He repeated this several times all around the end of the pin until the metal was completely fused together and the end of it could no longer be distinguished from the surrounding metal of the hole.

He kissed her and looked into her eyes. “How about behind your back?” She rolled her eyes and moved her hands behind her, allowing him to fit the other shackle around her free wrist and insert the locking pin holding it closed. He quickly welded this in place as he had done with the first cuff.

She looked at each cuff by pulling her arms in turn to either side of her, paying particular attention to the security of the welds on the locking pins. Pulling on the twelve inch connecting chain she lifted one of her arms up towards her face and pointed out that she was going to find it difficult to eat like this. He didn’t answer, just guided her restrained naked body over to the bed.
