---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/the_test.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Test
authors:
- RA
tags:
- n/a
---

"Nnnunghh?"  grunted Martha Adams as a sharp
pain from her left nipple jolted her awake.  Blinking away the sleep
from her eyes she looked down at her breast and was aghast to see a large
evil looking alligator clip biting into her tender nubbin.  It was
the type used by most electricians with serrated jaws designed for a firm,
tight, solid connection.  Her nipple was engorged with blood to a
deep red stiffness, but it was no match for the strong spring and sharp
teeth of the steel gadget digging into her flesh. She groaned, knowing
all too well she could do nothing to remove it.  Her Master wished
it to be on her poor nipple and there it would stay!

 Martha was really amazed that she had even
been able to sleep at all, considering her predicament!  She stood
bare-footed on her tiptoes, with her hands tied and hoisted almost to the
ceiling.  She did not know how long she had been standing, but her
fingers were numb, her shoulders ached and the cords had dug painfully
into her wrists from bearing her full weight as she hung sleeping. 
A large red rubber ball was wedged between her teeth, held by a tight strap
buckled at the nape of her neck.  Her full lips sealed wetly around
the ball and a small stream of saliva drooled over her bottom lip, down
her chin and onto her chest where it mingled with the sweat of her exertion.

Still trying to separate dreams from reality,
she hardly noticed when a male hand reached out and flicked the end of
the clip adorning her breast, sending another sharp pain coursing through
her body.  She looked at him and gave a mournful moan through her
gag.  "Gotcha!  he said with a laugh and ruefully she nodded
her head in silent agreement.

"Good rest?"  he asked.  She moaned,
shaking her head, eyes pleading, then whimpered with relief when he lowered
her hands and peeled the rope out of her flesh.  She rubbed her wrists,
longing to reach up and remove the clip from her nipple, but knowing better
than to try.  He fastened a leather cuff on each of her wrists and
helped her into a harness which crossed her upper back with straps over
and under each shoulder and a fastening buckle in the center of her chest. 
The harness had a buckle on top of each shoulder and each wrist in turn
was pulled behind her back, up to the opposite shoulder and strapped to
the buckle.  The result was a strenuous double hammerlock.  He
stepped back and admired her, almost as a work of art.  She stood
erect, gasping, shoulders back and breasts out thrust from the taut confinement
of her arms.  He knelt and chained her ankles a foot apart and with
a smile pulled a second clip from his pocket.  Martha's eyes grew
wide and she shook her head, whimpering negatively, while backing away
as he approached.

"Stop!"  he commanded sharply, reaching for
her free breast.  He gently stroked the pink bud and traitorously
it sprang stiffly to life.  Their eyes met and Martha groaned softly
as the clip joined its mate.  She stomped her foot angrily, inarticulate
protests slipping from her stoppered mouth.
"Now you know you like it," he said, reaching
for the confirming wetness between her legs, "so don't pretend or you won't
get this..."

As he spoke he dropped his pants, revealing his
large throbbing rod.  With a lustful groan she dropped to her knees,
rubbing her gagged mouth wetly around the red tip of his organ.
"So we ARE excited," he laughed, listening to
her moan with frustration as he pushed her away.  "You can have it,
but you must work for it!"  He said, reaching for a length of light
chain.  "Munnght?"  she whimpered curiously as he fastened a
short chain to each nipple clip, linking her breasts.  He tugged gently
at the chain and she gasped with pain, rising to her feet as he pulled
upward.  Her tender nipples made her follow as be led her out of the
room, to the foot of the stairs leading to the bedroom.

He opened the closet and she gasped wetly as be
withdrew another chain attached to a round black object - a bowling ball! 
"It's a kind of a ball and chain," he explained to his captive.  "But
instead of your wrist or ankle, it will be attached to your breasts! 
With that he attached the heavy chain to the tight chain between her nipple
clips.  He drew her to him, mashing her breasts painfully against
his chest and rubbing his rod between the moist red petals of her sex.
"I'll be waiting upstairs, so all you have to
do is come up!"  he said, kissing her cheek where it bulged above
the gag strap.  With that he disappeared up the stairs.

Martha weighed her options: somehow get the bowling
ball up the stairs or remain bound, gagged and nipple clipped until he
chose to release her!  She hobbled backward to take up the slack in
the chain and gave an exploratory tug.
"Maybe the clips will pull off," she thought
to herself.  No such luck. The strong springs slipped not at all,
the serrated teeth dug more painfully into her pink flesh and her breast
and nipple stretched at the end of the taut chain.  She sighed, knowing
that she couldn't grasp the chain with her hands or teeth.  She took
a deep breath and hopped up the stairs until the chain was extended. 
With a step. "OOOOOOHHH!", she wailed, tears coming to her eyes from the
pain of her punished nipples.  She looked down, half expecting her
flesh to be torn, but her buds were if anything a deeper red, more erect
and excited.

Slowly, step by step, Martha moved closer to the
top step and with a triumphant grunt she pulled the ball onto the landing. 
She stood gasping for breath, sweating with the effort of her ordeal, but
her eyes were bright with excitement and the effort of her ordeal, and
her loins were still hot and wet with pent-up desire.  Quickly she
shuffled into the bedroom, dragging her load behind her.  He was waiting
on the bed naked, his rampant erection signaling that he shared her excitement. 
Martha moved into the bedroom and with an urgent moan she dropped to her
knees on the floor beside the bed.  He removed the ball and chain
and used the short chain linking her breasts to urge her to her feet and
onto the bed beside him.  She flopped onto the bed with an eager whimper
and lay on her back, mindless of the discomfort of her arms underneath
her.

He unchained her ankles and his hand roamed up
her legs, stopped momentarily at her hot wet snatch and continued up her
torso.  He quickly removed the clip from her left breast and his lips
fastened on the hurt nubbin in a soothing, moist kiss.  Martha moaned
with ecstasy and gratitude.  Nothing had ever felt so good and her
nipple grew impossibly large and incredibly stiff under the ministrations
of his lips and tongue.  He released her other breast and his scalding
lips moved tantalizingly from one turgid nipple to the other.  She
closed her eyes with a groan, concentrating on the exquisite sensation.

Suddenly he slipped inside her and her orgasm
was instantaneous, quickly building to a second, then a third before he
spent himself hotly inside her. She lay contented in the aftermath, not
caring if he ever unbound her arms or removed her gag.  She opened
her eyes as he toyed with her still sore nipple.
"More?"  he asked softly.  Her eager
wiggle and soft moan gave him the answer.
