---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/batgirlvsprofessor10.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 10: Aftermath'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- MFF/ffff
- FF
- trap
- capture
- mum
- cage
- bond
- bdsm
- mc
- oral
- cons/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 9: Visitors**](batgirlvsprofessor9.html))

**Part 10: Aftermath**

Batgirl was taken down from her perch on the X-frame, but ordered not to move.  Her cape was taken off and draped over a chair.  After giving her orders on what to do and what not to do, she went and helped the Professor bring each of the kittens back to the testing center.

Each kitten had fallen into a different and unique trap.  The first kitten, falling through the floor outside the testing center, had been caught in sticky webbing that enveloped her body like a cocoon. She had been gassed and knocked out, rolled in the center on a 4-wheeled cart and left on the floor.

The second kitten ran strait into a thin plastic sheet stretched across the hallway.  Instantly, the wrap collapsed around her and shrank till she was trapped in a tight little ball.  The good news was the plastic was breathable, so the sexy girl was in not in danger of suffocating.  However, she did not utter a word as she was brought back and laid next to the first kitten.  Then rolled around a bit in the plastic bubble she was shrink wrapped in.

Kitten three was caught in the same type of spider web-like fiber strands Batgirl and Annie had been nabbed in a few hours earlier.  Still awake, she was strapped to a 2-wheel dolly and rolled back to the center to join her partners.   The Professor gave her a quick spray of knock-out gas when she started pleading to be released.

Catwoman had made good progress and almost made it out of the building when she slipped through a trap door, down a tube and into the same trap that first caught Batgirl several days ago.  The plastic cage had tightly formed around her awesome figure, immobilizing her entire body from the neck down in a clear plastic-like body forming cage.  A small motorized platform, with a crane like attachment, was moved in.  The crane lifted the still consensus Catwoman from the tub and over the cart, which carried her swinging from the hook back to the testing center.  To Batgirl, it reminded her of how they use to leave the bodies of pirates hang on the docks in England.

The entire route back to the center, Catwoman flipped back and forth between threatening the Professor and attempting to make deals for her release.

Both fell on deaf ears.

By now, all the kittens were awake.  Miss Goodbody, now dressed in a tight black PVC tube dress, white lab coat, nude stay up stockings and her locking black heels, had returned to the center.   She’s had been busy repositioning the kittens into various bondage devices, preventing their escape or aiding their mistress.

The first kitten was still in her web cocoon, lying near the flogging tormenter the Professor had demonstrated earlier in preparation for being placed in the device.  The trapped kitten was awake enough to make the large egg shaped ball wiggle around with her struggles.  Batgirl though it looked like a chicken’s egg right before the chick was about to break through.

The second kitten was free from her tight stringy bondage and tied spread eagle and suspended within a large rectangular tubular frame by wide leather straps.  Another strap wrapped around her waist, keeping her from moving away from a large vibrator was pressed against her crotch, adding stimulation to her restrained body.  The device had a motorized pulley system that could stretch the intended victim further, literally ripping them apart if desired. Several large strips of black tape had been applied across her mouth, all but eliminating her besieged groans.

The third kitten, now topless, was within the modernized hydraulic rack system that Batgirl was twice experience already.  She had been stretched tight and too was under sexual attack from several devices pressed against her crotch and breasts. A leather gag covered her mouth, but she still was moaning and groaning.

But the devices were set not to bring their victims to orgasm, but to stimulate and deny them those pleasures.

“Professor, I’ll give you a million dollars to release me!”  Catwoman cried when they reached room’s center.  “It’s all I have right now, but I promise you the entire take of my next capper. With Batgirl out of the way, thanks to you, I can easily double that price.  Now, let me out of this and I’ll get you your money.”

By now, the egg had been cracked open and Annie was strapping the ball gagged kitten into the old torture rack.  Annie removed the kitten’s vinyl top and strung up her nipples to the rack as Batgirl strapped her in and tightened the ropes, pulling her body taught.  A vibrator was pressed against her crotch and turned on to torment her further.

“You can make it 5 million or 10 and it wouldn’t change my mind.”  He said as he spun Catwoman around on the hook.  “No deal.”

“You bastard!” she cried as she twisted on the hook.  “I’ll get you for this!”

He stopped her spinning and laughed.  “How might you do that?  I have you and your kittens.  No one is coming to save you.  And you sure can’t count on Batgirl here for help.  And I certainly don’t think Joker or the lot of them will give a single thought regarding what is about to happen to you.” He said.  Since Catwoman’s breasts were poking through the webbing, he pinched her nipples through her latex catsuit, making her groan.  “However, they might like the results.  Oh yes, I should have thought of that before.  I can turn this into a nice profit.”

“What are you going to do with me?” Catwoman cried under from both his verbal and physical torments.

Batgirl couldn’t help but notice how she wasn’t worried about her nearby kittens, all who were presently moaning and groaning to sexual exploits being heaped upon their helpless bodies bound in the deadly devices.

The Professor grinned.  “You’ve not asked why Batgirl is not intervening.  Normally, would you think she’d be standing here idle while all of this is going on?

Catwoman looked over at the purple & black clad crime fighter, who completed her tasks of helping secure the kittens and was passively standing by, with her hands behind her back and feet together.  “Why are you just standing there?  Arrest him!  Rescue me!  Call Batman!  Do something you prissy purple bitch!!”

“She can’t and she won’t.” the Professor said with an evil grin.  “She’s been reprogrammed with Mind Bender, my mind altering system.  Very affective, don’t you think?  And soon you, and your kittens, will be too.”

“Mind programming?  You’re crazy!  There is no such thing.  Even if there was, you’ll never program my mind!”  Catwoman defiantly announced.

“Miss Goodbody, remove you coat and come here.” The Professor ordered.  Having removed the last kitten’s top, she was busy fondling the sexually frustrated kitten.  At his command, she took off the white lab coat and walked right over to the Professor, standing next to Batgirl.

“Miss Goodbody, Batgirl, make passionate love to one another.” He ordered.

Batgirl turned to the sexy beauty queen, who looked ravishing in her shiny black PVC dress.  While Batgirl enjoy the sight of a sexy female figure (dressed or nude), she never voluntarily desired to have a lesbian encounter.  Many had been forced on her, including the black clad captive watching them, but never did she pursue or give into the advancements of numerous women who desired and pleaded for an erotic encounter with the purple crime fighter.

Even as her mind resisted, desire and lust filled Batgirl.  The two women immediately embraced and started to make out with one another.   They moaned into one another mouths as their hands roamed over one another bodies.  They dropped to the floor and began rolling around, each trying to get on top of the other to better grope the one below.

“You see Catwoman,” the Professor began, “they have no will or control of their own.  They do what I order, no matter what I tell them.  They will do this as long as they have the energy to continue or until I command them to stop.”

By now, Barbara had gained the advantage on top of her partner, sucking on Annie’s freshly exposed breasts and groping the free nipple.  Annie, moaning with lust, had wrapped her legs around Batgirl’s body, humping her from below as her hands held Batgirls head.

“Very kinky Professor.” The female thief said.  “You may have worked some kind of brain washing on that dim-witted beauty babe and control that weak minded Bat-bitch, but you’ll never get control of me!”

“So both of these ladies said to me.”  The Professor said, resuming his nipple pinching.  “You can’t resist and soon your mind will be as blank as a piece of paper.  You’ll see the result first hand when I reprogram your kittens and make them into mindless sex units. Their sole desire will be to sexually please any man or woman they are told to service.  I have a business partner in the Middle East who will pay top dollar to add three lovely sex slaves to his harem.”

Catwoman groaned as he pinched her nipples harder.  A smile came across his face as he heard all the moans and groans coming from the helpless captives and mind controlled ladies around him.

“But for you, I have something extra special.  A simply marvelous idea.  When I’m finished, you won’t remember a thing.  You will no longer be Catwoman, the strong, domineering mistress of thieves.  You will be a mindless submissive, programmed to do whatever your new master, or even better, a mistress desires.  A living machine, your only desire will be to serve, no matter what that desire is.  It is your fate for defying me!”

“No Professor, please, anything but that!” the captive cat cried.

By now, Batgirl was busily licking at Annie’s clit, bring her to orgasm.  Annie let out a long, deep groan as the orgasm rumbled over her body, pulling on her own nipples to heighten the stimulation.

Surprisingly, Batgirl found it erotic that she could make a woman climax so quickly.

“Batgirl, Miss Goodbody, enough.” The Professor ordered.  “Get dressed.  We have work to do.”



18.08.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 11: The Next Victims**](batgirlvsprofessor11.html)

o0o
