---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storiesad/adam.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: Adam has always been a little odd
authors:
- Tyrannos
tags:
- 'F/m: latex'
- wrap
- saran
- palletwrap
- tape
- bfold
- cocoon
- insert
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Adam has always been a little odd. He never was good at expressing
himself and his girlfriend Ashley was always really understanding of this
fact. One day Adam made the mistake of dumping Ashley during a fight
that was his fault anyway. Well we all know how the saying goes;
you don't know what you have until you've lost it. Adam became really
depressed and had noticed what if felt like to be without her. No
one could make him feel like Ashley had, no one made him feel whole.
So one day he got the courage up to talk to her again, and this is where
our story begins.

Adam had first talked to Ashley and he had expressed how sorry he was
for making her sad after he had abruptly ended their relationship, and
he also had to apologize for being so mean to Ashley's friends, even though
they were really nice people and they always were nice to him. Adam
tried to express how sorry he was but he knew words could never show how
sorry he really felt, so he thought it best that he be punished, and rightfully
so. He said that Ashley should show no mercy in his punishment, and
his astonishment she actually knew just how to do so. She had explained
to Adam that the only way to be truly forgiven was to drop his status,
but in an interesting way. He was to drop his status as a human and
become her pet, and in some instances, her toy.

This could be done in a few ways but she decided it best if she started
simple early on, with maybe a few surprises in between. She had ordered
him to come to the house, in which he would become her property.
He had come in, wearing his usual skull shirt and corduroy pants, not knowing
what to expect, and boy was he in for a surprise. First she ordered
him to strip completely, leaving him bare of all his earthly belongings.
This first step was quite easily taken, in which Adam was still quite aware
this was not all there was to his status' degradation. The
next step was mental preparation, in which Ashley told him that there was
no turning back for him no matter how much he pleaded if he let her make
him her play toy. Adam, who was beginning to be turned on by his
lack of power in the situation, said he was comfortable with her taking
total control of him and him not being able to do anything about it.
Ashley then ordered Adam to kneel where he was, while she changed into
something more comfortable.

After a few minutes Adam was starting to get worried about Ashley and
why there was no noise coming from the room she just walked into, just
then she came out, clad in a latex suit, in which covered about three inches
below her waist, up to the top of her nipples, in which would sometimes
briefly peek themselves over if she bent a certain way. She ordered
him to stand, in which he did without pause. She then moved behind
the door she had previously come in, and dragged a large black vinyl gym
bag out from behind the door. The first thing she produced from the
bag was a large white ball gag. Adam saw this and was pretty sure
that would eliminate all his verbal capacities. She then ordered
him to open, and once he reluctantly did, she shoved the gag in his mouth
and quickly key locked it behind his head. She gave him a few minutes
to feel the gag and the lock. He had become quite engrossed in feeling
his new attachment, she quickly dangle a large key ring with keys of every
shape and of every kind. She then tossed the key ring into the bag,
leaving Adam with the feeling that he wouldn't be seeing those for a little
while.

She then led Adam to a long black table, in which he was ordered to
stretch out upon. She then pulled a long roll of saran wrap, in which
she started to wrap his legs individually, which she did so flawlessly.
After she had finished she wrapped both his legs together up to his upper
thighs, still leaving his sexual section uncovered. She then quickly
wrapped his chest with saran wrap along with each individual arm.
She then proceeded to wrap his arms together, leaving no room to spare.
To top off her work on the chest area, she wrapped the arms to the chest
for reduced maneuverability.

The only things not now wrapped were the head and the sexual equator.
Adam had been a great sport about all of this and was wondering what he
would look like when he was done. Ashley then put down the saran
wrap, wanting for stronger bindings. She produced a gigantic industrial
roll of duct tape. She then wrapped every inch of Adam's body that
had been previously wrapped in saran wrap, Adam giving little resistance.
Ashley decided it was time that Adam not hear or see anything, because
the next part of his transformation would be much more fun with him blindfolded
and deafened. This being realized, she then put a pair of earplugs
in his ears, which got rid of almost any noise he could then perceive.
She then added cotton pads to his eyes, securing them by wrapping his head
in saran wrap, only poking two holes for him to breathe. She didn't
want him peeking, so she then wrapped all showing saran wrap on his head
with duct tape.

By now Adam had lost all sense of reality, and from then on most things
were a blur. He was left with only one sense, touch, in which Ashley
took advantage of. She slowly ran her hand on her newly acquired
toy but decided it wasn't finished yet. Adam felt Ashley's hand run
over his now hard cock and was eager to find out what she was going to
do. He felt her leave him for a few seconds, and then all of a sudden
he felt her mouth engulf his bulbous member, getting it to its peak point
in mere seconds. Just as Adam was about to climax he felt a cold
metal ring close over the base of his shaft, trapping the blood inside.
He then felt her turn him over, which puzzled Adam at first.

He thought she had left him alone for a few minutes, but a touch on
his ass had shown him that she was still there. He then felt something
cold and oily rub against his rear, which had made him curious. Then
his curiosity was dismissed when he felt a large cylindrical mass being
forced up his rectum, which was very cold to the touch. He then felt
its end touch the outer limits of his hole, in which he was glad that was
as far in as it was going. He then felt Ashley fiddle with this mass
for a second, but then almost jump as it came alive, vibrating with the
utmost amount of power. His penis was then pushed down, which was
secured by saran wrap, as was the vibrating butt plug Ashley had used.
She then duct taped up what saran wrap was showing on his sexual equator.

She stood back to admire her work, and there was much to behold.
The tape was almost seamless, leaving Adam with absolutely no ability to
move. He was now restless and was making futile attempts at moving
any part of his body that he could, but the most he could manage was a
mere twitch. She could hear him moaning through the gag, but
it was his punishment, and he had to serve it to be forgiven.
Ashley was extremely pleased with her new toy and decided it was time that
she is rewarded for her hard work, in which she slipped a vibrator into
her panties and went to go lay down and relax after her first of many long
punishment sessions with Adam.

30.01.07 (10.12.02)
