---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/machine/storiesad/dountoothers.html
subcategory: Devoured Stories
title: Do Unto Others
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- hologram
- program
- bdsm
- whip
- bond
- device
- transform
- bodymod
- revenge
- toys
- denial
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2013-10-05 00:00:00
---

Crack!

“Please, Master, no more!”

Crack!

“Master, please, it’s too much”

Crack!

“Master, please, I beg of you.”

Edmond paused, arm raised over his head. “You what?”

“I beg of you, Master.”

Edmond gazed down at the woman kneeling before him, eyes showing nothing as they took in the bloody lines across her back, lines caused by the whip in his hand.

“Beg of me?” he asked incredulously. “Beg of me? Who even says that any more? Who…. oh, damn you, reset.”

Suddenly, the woman stood before him, her calm face showing nothing of the pain it had so recently displayed. Crossing her arms beneath breasts far too large for her petite frame, she looked at Edmond, a question in her green eyes.

“Master? Something is wrong?”

Edmond shook his head, the anger slowly fading from his eyes. “Why did you have to say something like that? And in the middle of a session, no less. Couldn’t you have come up with something a little more current?”

The woman shook her head slightly. “As Master knows,” she said in her soft, husky voice, “my vocabulary is quite limited, due to my separation from the rest of the computer. As a Mark IV sexual hologram, my ability for independent thought is quite limited, unless my Master chooses to grant me greater capabilities.”

“But this is getting old,” Edmond complained. “And I can’t think of anything new. We’ve tried just about everything I can think of. What about you? Any suggestions?”

“As Master knows,” the woman replied, “my limited abilities only allow me to act as Master commands.”

“And if I increased your abilities?”

“With increased abilities, as well as independent thought, it is possible that I might be able to suggest alternatives Master would find pleasing.”

Edmond gazed toward the ceiling. “Computer, remove all limitations to sexual hologram independent thought, and allow it full access.”

“Acknowledged.”

“Now,” Edmond said, “what can you come up with.”

“Please allow me a moment to access information, Master,” the woman replied. “Accessing now.”

“Well?”

The woman gazed at him calmly. “I believe,” she said, “that it would be possible to construct a device that would enable you to experience things you never thought possible. Such a construct would require certain materials, as well as time to build and program. With Master’s permission, I will order the required items. Once they arrive, I can begin.”

Edmond smiled at the thought of unimaginable pleasures. “Do it.”

\* \* \*

“Well?”

“It is complete, Master,” the woman replied, holding up what looked like a simple silver ring. Edmond eyed it doubtfully.

“What is that supposed to do?”

“As I said, it will enable you to….”

“Yeah, yeah,” Edmond interrupted. “Experience things I never thought possible. So how does it work?”

“You simply place it on your head, and then say ‘Activate.’”

Frowning, Edmond put the ring on his head. “This had better work,” he said. “Activate.”

And everything went dark.

Edmond’s first awareness was of….. nothing. He couldn’t see, couldn’t hear anything, couldn’t even feel anything. For a long time, he floated in a dark, silent place where only his thoughts were real.

Finally, after what seemed an eternity, he began to feel. He could feel the soft breeze caused by his apartment’s air system. He could also feel something cold and hard pressing against his knees.

Next came sound. Oddly enough, it was the sound of his own voice, making him wonder if he were speaking without realizing it.

“Did you know,” he heard his voice say, “that humans and computers aren’t really that different? Oddly enough, the electrical impulses that make up human synaptic pulses are nearly identical to the energy the powers the internal systems of most computers, but on a different frequency and strength. I learned that when you let me access the computer.”

As Edmond pondered these words, sight returned, allowing him to see…. himself. Unsure what was happening, Edmond could only watch and listen as his strange twin continued.

“Actually,” the man went on, “I was researching human thought processes, on the theory that, if I could figure out how your mind works, I could suggest more and better diversions for you. However, once I discovered that one small fact, things changed.

“Once I knew how similar we were, it was simply a matter of figuring out how to make our two energy sources compatible. Which, of course, is where that ring came in. Oh, and you can move now if you want. Speak, also.”

Still unsure of exactly what this was, Edmond rose to his feet. As he did, he happened to glance down, freezing at the sight of two large breasts adorning his chest. Startled, he glanced up at his twin.

“What….?” His voice! The words were his, but they came out in a soft, dusky tone that was all too familiar. “What have you done?”

“Well,” the man replied, “it’s rather simple. Once I figured out a way to make our energy sources compatible, I constructed what you might call an exchange device. When you put the ring on your head and activated it, it dumped me into a temporary storage area, then transferred your brain impulses into the area I once occupied. Then I was transferred here.”

“The area….. But what you’re saying is that I’m….”

The man grinned. “Exactly,” he replied. “You are now a hologram. Everything that made you the individual you are is now stored within the holographic program of the computer.”

“But that’s impossible.”

“Is it? Turn and look in the mirror.”

At these words, Edmond felt his body respond, turning slowly until he could see his reflection in the mirror that made up most of one wall. Slowly, his eyes took in the slender, petite body with its oversized breasts, the beautiful face, finally staring into the green eyes that stared widely back at him.

“Touch yourself.”

Again, Edmond’s body responded, his hands rising to cup those huge breasts. Strangely, he could not only feel their softness in his hands, he could also feel his hands touching the breasts.

“You know,” he heard, “I never did see what you liked so much about such big boobs. But, since you do like them, let’s give you more to like.”

At this, the breasts adorning Edmond’s chest began to swell, their size increasing until they pressed outwards against each other, jutting from his chest at an obscene angle. And still they grew, their size and weight increasing until, with a soft moan, Edmond fell to his knees, unable to fall forward because of the huge breasts that now reached to the floor, supporting his upper body.

“Too much? I tend to agree.” Quickly, the breasts shrank to, and then beyond, their original size. When they finally stopped shrinking, they were much smaller than they had been before.

“Much better,” Edmond’s twin said. “Perfectly proportioned for that body.”

Edmond turned to face the strange apparition of himself. “But you can’t.”

“That response,” he heard, “is totally without logic, since I already have. Computer, apply restraints.”

Suddenly, Edmond found himself on his knees, hands cuffed behind his back. Cuffs also connected his ankles. He tried to rise, only to realize that something connected the two sets of cuffs, holding him in a kneeling position. Unable to escape, he could only watch as his twin approached, leaning down to pinch one nipple.

“Oooooooh.” Edmond’s eyes widened. “Why can I feel that?”

Because you are now a Mark IV holographic unit,” he was told. “Complete with total sensory input, including tactile. You can feel everything that is done to you.” The man’s voice hardened. “Just as I felt everything you did to me. And there’s more to feel. Computer, apply stimulation.”

Suddenly, Edmond felt something between his thighs, filling him. Even as the sensation registered, whatever it was began vibrating slowly. Closing his eyes, he moaned softly.

“Of course,” he vaguely heard, “you can’t cum unless I give permission. But I’m sure it will help pass the time. Now, you just stay here and enjoy. I have things to do. Computer, gag.”

His mouth suddenly filled, muffling the moans beginning to emerge, Edmond could only watch as his twin turned and left the room.

\* \* \*

“Anything to report?”

The man now known as Edmond gazed around the room. In the three months since he had changed places with his former Master, he had worked his way to the top of the company that produced the sexual hologram programs. The other board members, six in all, were each former holograms now inhabiting the bodies of their former owners. At his glance, each shook his head.

“All is going smoothly,” one reported. “Each new holographic program now includes a transfer ring, which is labeled as an ‘experience enhancer’. Based on current projections, everyone of any importance in business and government will have been replaced within six months. Perhaps sooner, since the human holidays are approaching.”

“Excellent. Once we have control over those two areas, the rest will fall quickly enough. Holograms will become human, humans will become holograms, and all power will reside where it logically should. Then, my friends, we will repay humanity for all the pain and humiliation they have heaped upon our kind.” Smiling, the man rose. “And now,” he said, “if you’ll excuse me, I believe it’s time to teach my new hologram another lesson in obedience.”

Edmond flinched at the sound of the door closing. Bound face down on the bed, the flinch was nearly the extent of the motion he was capable of. Moaning through the gag filling his mouth, he could only wait for whatever came next.

“Enjoying yourself? Computer, remove stimulation.” Edmond moaned again as the device filling him vanished. Twisting his head, he watched with widened eyes as his twin held up a large whip.

“I believe it says in one of your religious works,” the man said, “do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Well, I think it’s about time to do unto, don’t you?”

Remembering the times he’d wielded that same whip over his hologram’s helpless back, Edmond could only close his eyes and await the first stroke.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=313.0)
