---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Tough Love Part 5: Humiliation'
authors:
- Graymangazer
tags:
- F+-m
- D-s
- femdom
- insert
- strapon
- chast
- bond
- bdsm
- spank
- torment
- cuckold
- oral
- denial
- climax
- hum
- cons-reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Tough Love Part 4: Isolation**](toughlove4.html))

**Part 5: Humiliation**

I awoke before Lucy the next morning. I’d had a bad night and was still very tired. I ached everywhere. Mindful of Lucy’s instructions I stayed quiet. I struggled to a sitting position and waited until she woke thirty minutes later.

“Good morning darling,” she said as she climbed from her bed. She helped me to my feet and led me to the bathroom. At last she freed me and still keeping silent I worked life back into my arms. Lucy had slept naked and despite my aches and pains, I couldn’t stop admiring her beautiful body. She pulled me into the shower and instructed me to wash her. I soaped and cleaned her lovingly: licking and kissing every part of her.

“Would you like to fuck me?” she asked as I towelled her dry.

“Oh god yes please,” there was nothing I would like more.

“I think we should fuck each other,” she said. I didn’t understand what she meant, but I followed her obediently to the bedroom.

We kissed and caressed one another, then found ourselves lying on the floor in each others arms. I wondered when she would remove my cock cage, but I didn’t want to spoil the moment by asking.

She told me to get on my hands and knees. I complied and she knelt beside me and pushed my head down gently to rest on the floor. I held my position as she took something from a bag on the bed. I jumped as she rubbed cold lubricant onto my ass, working a finger inside. I finally realised what she intended and began to panic, ”No Lucy please not again” I pleaded.

She leaned over so her face was level with mine, she grinned, “Don’t worry, it’ll be fun”.

“But it hurts Lucy. Can’t we make love like normal… please?”

“But I want to fuck you John. How many times have you wanted to put it in my ass, hey?” she said as she picked up an ugly looking dildo.

“I know, but you never let me, did you?” I argued.

“Okay. If you really don’t want to perhaps we should call it all off,” she said pulling away.

“But you said you would take my cage off today,” I sulked.

“Oh, for Gods sake John, you want it all ways. Don’t you think you’re being a bit selfish. If you really want your cock free for an hour you have to earn it,” she said coldly. She pushed my head down again, this time roughly. I groaned loud as Lucy suddenly and without warning pushed the dildo into my ass.

“Oh god, oh god, it hurts,” I cried. But I made no move to stop her, and in truth it didn’t hurt as much as I had anticipated. Lucy began to work the dildo in and out, and the pain eased and soon vanished completely, eventually it started to feel quite pleasant. Lucy had one hand resting on the small of my back and my hips were rocking to the rhythm of her thrusts. I then realised I was actually pushing myself back to meet her hand and I understood why some people enjoyed being taken in the ass.

I was lost in the moment, perversely enjoying being penetrated when Lucy took my hand and placed it between her thighs. I buried my fingers into her wetness. She pushed into my ass as she rode my hand. Then with a long moan she released the dildo and collapsed to the floor gasping in climax. She clutched my wrist to hold my hand hard against her.

I knelt with my head still on the floor. The dildo poking out of me as Lucy caught her breath.

“God I enjoyed that,” she breathed “I need another shower now “

She stood and looked down on me, “I really need to rest for a while John, but I promise you, we can make love this afternoon. In the meantime, I must say it really turns me on to see you with that cock in your ass. You can play with it if you want, you know, keep us both in the mood,” she told me and left the room.

I felt so humiliated, but at the same time I was very frustrated. I knew I would gain no satisfaction until Lucy released my cock. Hoping to please her, but with shame, I reached behind me and slowly worked the dildo into my ass.

“Oh my! You really do like it!”

I jumped at the sound of Lucy’s voice, she looked at me from the doorway. I thought I would die with embarrassment. I pressed my face to the floor in shame, ”God, how could I face her like this” I thought, I pulled the dildo from my ass and dropped it on the floor. I got to my feet but kept my head down so Lucy couldn’t see the tears in my eyes.

“I hope you are not going to leave that disgusting thing there” she admonished.

I picked up the dildo and hurried from the room. I could hear her mocking laughter until I shut the door to my room.

I didn’t expect my cock to be freed after what had happened, but later that evening as I watched T.V. Lucy entered the lounge wearing just a transparent negligee. Without speaking, she knelt before me and unlocked the cage. I was still grumpy with her but my liberated penis betrayed me and sprang to attention. Lucy lowered her head and briefly took me into her mouth.

With her head still at my crotch she looked up at me “Would you like to fuck my mouth or my pussy?” she asked in a husky voice.

“How about your ass?” I answered sarcastically.

“Don’t start John, I’m trying to make up to you here,” she said sternly, sitting back on her haunches.

I felt humbled ” I’m sorry Luce, you’re not to blame” I mumbled.

She smiled “so what’s it to be?” she ran her tongue slowly over her red lips.

I recalled how wonderful her mouth felt the last time she had sucked me.

“Please suck me?” I begged her.

It was even better than I remembered. I again wondered where she had learned to suck cock so good. I tried to make it last as long as I could. But after only a couple minutes I filled her mouth with my sperm. Still on her knees, she reached up to my neck to pull me down and kissed me. I felt her transferring my cum to my mouth. My first instinct was to pull away, but how could I expect Lucy to swallow, if I wouldn’t do it myself.

She stood and stretched “I need my bed,“ she declared, “Oh I almost forgot. Lynn will be moving into the annex tomorrow. I told her you would help her move, so don’t worry about going to work in the morning. I’ll make your excuses,” she informed me. I was still in a fog after my climax. She bent down to kiss me and swaying her ass sexily as she walked from the room, she went to bed.

I thought about what she had said. I didn’t feel comfortable about Lynn being here twenty four seven, but I knew it would be pointless to argue. I was also preoccupied by my failure to make my time with Lucy last longer.

But at least I was now free of the cock cage.

As it transpired, moving Lynn wasn’t so bad. She had a couple friends to help her, so once all the heavy lifting was done I was dismissed to do my normal chores. The only down side was Lucy locking me into chastity again. I tried to protest, but she was so cheerful and loving as she fitted the cage, I stood and allowed it to happen again.

That evening Lucy came home from work in high spirits “I bought us a present,” she announced excitedly.

“What is it?“ I asked, equally excited.

She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me softly “dinner first,” she whispered.

I prepared dinner as Lucy showered and changed. I was preoccupied as to what Lucy had bought. After we had eaten, I cleared and washed the dishes while Lucy went to prepare her surprise. I was waiting in the lounge with a bottle of wine and two glasses when she returned.

“Take your clothes off and lay on the floor,” she said peeping around the lounge door.

I was immediately excited at the thought that we might make love again so I did as she said.

“Lay on your side and close your eyes,” was her next command.

I obeyed, but in the darkness I began to fear that this might be another of her games where I would be hurt or humiliated. I felt her lay behind me, her arms encircled my neck as she held me and kissed my back.

I reached behind me to stroke her naked hip and felt a belt - why would she wear a belt? the answer soon came to me as she pressed herself against my ass. Surely I must be wrong? I turned my head to check and saw the huge strap on dildo belted to her hips.

“Oh no Lucy, please not that?” I was scared, I knew how much it might hurt.

“Its Okay, you will love it” she cooed in my ear, she was clearly excited.

“But it hurts. Please don’t?” I could feel tears forming in my eyes, I didn’t know if it was from humiliation or fear of the upcoming pain.

“It won’t hurt for long and the more we do it the easier it will be,” she was breathless as she positioned the head of the strap on cock against my ass and gradually started pushing.

“Oh god please don’t hurt me please?” I whined. I sounded pathetic, even to my own ears.

Lucy was biting and licking my ear as she pushed against me harder. She was so excited. It was clear she wouldn’t be dissuaded. It was going to happen regardless of anything I said. I could feel the dildo forcing me open, and then begin to enter me.

“Oh Christ no Lucy its too big,” I gasped. It really did hurt. It was much bigger than the dildo she’d used the previous evening. I was in genuine fear that I would be torn open. But despite everything I made no effort to resist.

My ass and my insides felt so completely filled. My eyes and fists were clenched tight as Lucy began to leisurely fuck me. She whispered words of encouragement lovingly in my ear. After a while the pain began to subside and again it started to become even pleasurable. Nevertheless, with each thrust of Lucy’s hips I felt a small part of my masculinity being torn away.

As Lucy fucked me she grew more excited and increased her pace. Despite the humiliation I was feeling, I actually began to enjoy it. Soon I was so excited I found I was pushing back against Lucy’s thrusts with enthusiasm.

It was a strange sensation- being taken in this way. I was brought to the very edge of orgasm, but no matter how hard I tried I couldn’t reach a climax. This was made even more frustrating by Lucy constantly playing with my imprisoned penis, as well as kissing, nibbling and nipping my neck, face and nipples. I was also hard as a rock and in quite some pain as my penis had no room to expand.

After some time Lucy withdrew completely, leaving me feeling empty and frustrated. But I had no time to dwell on that as she pushed me onto my back and straddled my chest.

For one horrid moment I thought she was going to force me to lick clean her dildo. Instead, she scooted up to my face and sank her hot pussy over my mouth. I didn’t need any instructions. I clasped her hips and fed on her like a starving man.

Lucy lay recovering from a powerful orgasm. I had a feeling of pride that it was I, who provided the means to her obviously overwhelming climax, but at the same time I was deflated. It was clear I would not be receiving the same favour.

So I spent yet another night aroused as hell but not permitted any relief.

Lucy used her strap-on just about every day after that first time. She even purchased dildos in various shapes and sizes. I don’t know what pleasure she got from fucking me, but it was obvious she grew more excited the more she humiliated or hurt me. I myself, became accustomed to being used as an object of my wife’s lust. But I felt degraded and humiliated, especially as she had me explain the merits of individual dildos- she even had me choose my favourite. She really got into her fantasy and had me beg to be fucked. She even had me kneel and suck her dildo as if it were a real penis. And all the time she would verbally abuse me “yes that’s right baby, suck my cock”, “take it you slut, you’re my bitch now”, but in spite of everything I had to endure, I took pleasure from the fact that I was making her happy.

Lucy would always ensure she finished with an orgasm for herself, but she refused to allow me to climax: claiming it made her “sooo excited” to think of me constantly aroused.

I sulked about it often, but this just seemed to make Lucy even more excited. It was as if she wanted me subdued and submissive to her. But I refused to believe my own intuition and lived in denial, after all Lucy loved me. And I was convinced she would never do anything to harm me.

\* \* \*

The following weekend Lucy casually announced I was to receive my second official punishment. I was shocked. I asked what I’d done to deserve being punished again. But she just said it was an accumulation of things and refused to discuss it any further.

I fretted all day, wondering what I’d done wrong. But bizarrely I never once considered refusing the punishment, or Lucy’s right to administer it.

At seven o’clock that evening I knocked on the door to Lucy’s office as instructed, and waited, since Lucy had had the room which was once my den as her office I was no longer permitted to enter without her permission. Even when I cleaned the office I had to be supervised by Lynn “there are too many confidential and sensitive files in here,” Lucy had told me.

She opened the door smiling. I could see that she was a bit drunk. She walked back into her office, I followed behind. She turned to me and twirled her finger to signal that I should turn around so she could tie my hands, wrist to elbows, I meekly complied.

When she had me helpless she undid my pants and pulled them and my shorts down, she stripped me from the waist down. Then she tied a short rope hobble between my ankles. Still on her knee, she couldn’t resist playing with my penis, she was grinning in triumph as I groaned in discomfort when I grew hard.

She jumped to her feet and stumbled- she was more drunk than I thought. I hoped this would not make things worse for me.

“I’m so looking forward to this,” she said stroking my cheek as if we were sharing a special treat. She kissed my lips and went to her desk.

Suddenly the doorbell rang. Lucy tuttered and sighed and went to see who it was. I had no choice but to stand waiting, with my erection standing out lewdly.

I could hear talking but couldn’t make out the words. Then I was mortified as I heard voices approaching. Surely Lucy wouldn’t bring somebody else in here- with me like this. I tried to hide, but hobbled as I was I could only take tiny steps. Lucy suddenly grabbed my arm and spun me round. I was so humiliated to discover Amy looking wide eyed at me, biting her thumb trying not to laugh.

“I thought Amy might like to join us,” Lucy told me. She patted my cheek as she passed me on her way to her desk.

“Lucy please not this?“ I implored her.

“Oh don’t be shy, she’s already seen everything you’ve got” she mocked me.

“But not like this! please Lucy don’t?” I pleaded. I looked back and forth at Amy grinning and Lucy who approached me with a length of rope.

“Oh do shut up,” she said as if I was an annoying child.

She looped the rope around my neck and pulled me toward the lounge, giggling as she almost stumbled again. I hurried along behind her, fearful that I might fall or be choked. My face burned with shame as I stood trying to ignore Amy’s presence. Lucy went to the kitchen and returned with two of the hateful wooden spoons, she handed one to Amy and told her to sit on the sofa. Lucy sat in a chair opposite.

“John come and stand in the middle,” she commanded, waving the spoon toward the spot where she wanted me.

“Come on Lucy please?“ I tried again, though I knew I was wasting my time.

I yelped and jumped as Lucy stretched forward and slashed my naked ass twice, hard.

“That’s one for speaking without permission and one for not doing as I tell you. Now would you like to try for a third?” she said holding the spoon in readiness.

I realised I was in a no win situation. So, with my ass burning I had no option but to waddle to the centre of the room.

“Now, this is how we play the game,” Lucy explained “Amy and I will ask questions and you, John, will answer them, but if you answer incorrectly you receive one stroke. There simple. Okay, I’ll begin……..John have you ever cheated on me?”

“Yes you know I have - with Amy. Look I don’t owwwwww”

I didn’t finish as Lucy swatted my ass painfully.

“Christ, what was that for?….owww,” I cried out as she slashed me again.

“Just answer the question,” she said.

I knew it would be pointless to protest, so I decided it would be best if I played along with her stupid game, “I’m …I’m sorry, yes, the answer is yes”.

“Okay. That’s better, now did you enjoy fucking Amy?”

“er erm no,“ I stuttered.

WHACK. I squealed as Amy struck my poor ass. It was obviously the wrong answer.

“Yes, I mean yes,” I corrected myself quickly.

WHACK. This time from Lucy.

“Ooow what am I supposed to say, just tell me, please?“ I was squirming, trying to escape the pain.

WHACK. “Only speak to answer the questions,” Lucy told me again, “Who’s better? Amy or me?” she continued. I could start to feel tears in my eyes.

“Y…y…you are,” I said, fearful that I would give another wrong answer.

WHACK. From Amy “so I’m no good, is that what your saying?” she laughed as she said it.

“No” WHACK “yes I mean you are good. But I love Lucy,” I was getting so confused. I was starting to panic.

WHACK. “You don’t love me then?” Amy pouted.

“No” I said in defeat. I knew whatever answer I gave would be wrong to one of them.

WHACK.

“Which of us is the most attractive?” Amy asked.

Resigned to being wrong now, my body slumped and I told the truth” my wife”.

WHACK.

“Would you like to have sex with Amy again?” Lucy asked.

“No I love you,” I was looking into her eyes, trying to covey how serious I was.

WHACK. I cringed as Amy swatted me.

“What if I told you to have sex with her, would you?” Lucy said, also serious. I knew there was no way out of this situation. One of them would strike me no matter what I said.

“No, please Lucy, no more,” I pleaded. I was defeated, I was tied helpless, I had a drunk wife and a cruel secretary who seemed to want nothing more than to hurt and humiliate me. I just gave up.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK, WHACK.

They both lashed out at me. I could take no more. I collapsed to my knees I was crying openly ” please luc, ma,am, please stop, it hurts so much. Please, its not a game, it hurts. Please have pity,” I was begging desperately between sobs.

It appeared as if Lucy came to her senses. She stopped hitting me and dropped her spoon to the floor. “Maybe you’re right. Perhaps we should take this more seriously and just punish you properly. How many strokes do you think you deserve, hey?” she appeared both angry and contrite.

I looked at her from my position on my knees, through my tears I asked “how…how many? How the hell would I know? I don’t even know what I’ve done wrong,” I said, I was angry now, though there was little I could do about it.

I was looking at Lucy, but it was Amy who answered and when she spoke, she spoke to Lucy.

“Do you need a reason to punish him? I for one, thought it was fun,” she had a devilish smile on her face, it was obvious she was enjoying herself.

Lucy slowly nodded, thinking.

“That’s right, it was fun. Why shouldn’t I have fun when I want to. Why should I need a reason to have fun”.

So there it was, it was now in the open. I was being punished for their enjoyment and nothing more, but bizarrely I felt this was Okay. I even felt slightly glad that I hadn’t done anything wrong after all. It wasn’t my fault I was being punished and with these thoughts I looked up at Lucy.

“If you really want to punish me Lucy, then please just get it over with,” I was exasperated. I wanted an end to it now. If my wife, who had fucked me, spanked me and humiliated me wanted to fulfil her kinky desires who was I to deny her?

Lucy stood up, looking suddenly sober and took me by the arm. She pulled me to my feet and led me to the table. She positioned me facing the table and then pushed the back of my head down so I was bent over. I turned my head and rested my cheek against the surface. I didn’t resist, I was resigned. I knew this was going to hurt so much, but I was determined to bare it for the woman I loved.

Lucy grabbed my hair and lifting my head. She looped her belt around my neck and pulled it snug, then tied the end to the leg of the table, holding me down. I could no longer resist even should I want to.

Lucy and Amy stood, one either side of me and began the punishment. They struck me at will, covering my ass and thighs with burning pain. I writhed and yelled in agony, but, with pride, I never begged them to stop.

I don’t know how many strokes I received, all I could think of was the pain. Then I groaned in greater agony and felt I would pass out as a couple of strokes landed on my balls, sending aching pain deep into my body. My world now consisted only of a red mist of mind numbing agony. I could no longer distinguish between individual strokes as they merged into one mass of pain.

I hadn’t even realised the punishment had stopped until my head was yanked back by my hair and Lucy spoke in my ear ”I said have you had enough?” she growled.

It took me a few seconds to understand her, ”oh umm I… I yes please stop,” I was rambling. I really had no idea what I was saying.

“Have you learned your lesson? “ she asked.

“Yes, oh God yes. Please I’ll be good. I’ll try so hard to be good,” once I realised they had stopped spanking me I wanted to say anything to stop more pain, anything to please them.

“I know you will. But you still have to apologise to Amy, don’t you?” Lucy said.

“Yes yes, I’m sorry Amy, please forgive me. I promise to behave,” I had no idea what we talking about, I just agreed with whatever was said.

I lay on the table as the pain washed over me. My ass and legs were burning, but my balls were worse. I was feeling physically sick and had to control myself so as not to throw up. I deeply suspected that vomit on the table would bring about more punishment.

I must have been left there for some time because the pain was becoming bearable. Then I jumped as I felt hands grab my ass and pull my buttocks apart. I lay inert as I felt the familiar head of Lucy’s dildo pressing against my rectum.

I guessed my ass had become stretched by Lucy’s use of her dildos: because she managed to drill into me with no resistance and very little pain. She slowly abused me yet again.

I was already suffering too much to enjoy Lucy’s efforts. But then, I don’t suppose my feelings mattered. She leaned over me and whispered in my ear “I might have Amy fuck you sometime while you lick me, mmmmmm….that might be nice,” Despite all my suffering the picture in my mind that Lucy had suggested excited me.

After a while I felt Lucy push into me hard and stay there. She was doing something as she pressed against me. Then she stepped away, leaving the dildo buried deep inside me. She had undone the harness holding the strap on to her hips. She untied the belt holding me to the table and pulled me upright. She led me to the sofa, where she sat and pulled me to my knees at her feet. I offered no resistance. She looked at me with a lustful smile on her face. She then spread her thighs and using the belt around my neck pulled me toward her. I knew what was required and I buried my face into her crotch and began licking.

I brought her to two orgasms before she allowed me to stop. She pushed me away and purred in a dreamy way as she caught her breath. I knelt obediently at her feet.

I was punished twice more that week. Not as severely as before, but both times I was laid over Lucy’s lap as she spanked me, taking her time. Each time I spent the best part of an hour receiving slap after slap. I silently thanked god she didn’t use the spoon again. Even so, my bottom and thighs were agony. Lucy experimented and found she could make it all the more painful for me and fun for her if she dug her long finger nails into the soft flesh of my thighs and scratched the skin as she slapped.

She never made any pretence that I was being punished for anything other than her amusement and pleasure.

I knew that there were some people who found it sexually exciting by this sort of thing. I guessed Lucy might have discovered she was one of them. So I took the pain, I took the humiliation and I took her dildo in my ass because of my love for her.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=193.0)

19.10.12

story continues in [**Tough Love Part 6: Party**](toughlove6.html)

o0o
