---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Take Out Dinner
authors:
- Riptieron
tags:
- F-m
- mum
- enwraped
- swallow
- snake
- vore
- reluct
- XX
date: 2005-12-21 00:00:00
---

Talking
with a special friend online, I found my attention for the forums and the porn
sites waning. It had been about six months since my last posting, and it
seemed my involvement was never missed. I had gotten very caught up in my
work, and not given much thought to my kink.

In
all of my fantasies, I was constantly being treated like an object. This had
many different angles, but in every scenario, I was the center of attention.  I
think that I become blind to the needs of others, and this “fantasy” that
I have to be mummified, or encased, is just proof. I feel selfish and
negligent. Had I not the ability to carry a relationship? No, certainly there
was someone out there for me… and I would find them.

My
personal kink had led me to many outlandish experiments. One involved dough,
another foam, most dealt with plaster. I had built my own vacuum bed, and
created a air mattress that holds me inside it. I built many different bondage
structures that I could tie myself to, and I have used them all.

I
am still unfulfilled. I desire to lose control, and find ecstasy.  I
enjoy breath games with myself, ignoring the dangers, and flirting with some
extreme consequences. Bagging myself is a regular fantasy, and practice,
forcing ejaculation on myself involuntarily. All of this is growing mundane to
me.

I
would have a new fantasy soon; it is part of the tide in my life. I get bored
repeating the same fantasies, and look outward to new things and form ideas
that achieve the results I desire. Some are radically different; others are
subtly close to the original script of another, save a vital detail or two. I
yearned for an outside element to intervene in my fantasy, to give life to my
tired repetitive ritual.

I
wanted this badly, so badly that I had researched all different manner of
automated devices, and struggled to educate myself on solenoids, motors,
timers, and robotic mechanisms. This did not yield the results that I craved,
only the knowledge that I did not possess the skill or funds to create the
things that I wanted.

In
all of my searching I could not imagine the fate that was soon to befall me.
This is my story, one I will never tell. It begins on a Thursday, when I went
out to see a good friend at his store. He was a manager at a large pet store,
hundreds of square feet. This store had everything from small animals to fish;
it even had a bird room and reptile room.

Having
known him for years, I was familiar with the staff, and the store. I strolled
in and said hi to the young blonde behind the counter, Sally. She was a fiery
little girl of 19, trim and stacked. I enjoyed seeing the young workers that
Engoldbret would hire, they were of the highest quality eye candy to be found.
Tonight I was meeting Engoldbret, and then we were going out to a party.  Most
of his staff would eventually find their way to this party, after a long week,
party was prescribed.

Engoldbret
was an outgoing guy, he strolled into the party - Mark’s house, one of the
workers, and began to converse with Mark’s wife June. I headed out to the
deck, where I knew a keg was waiting. The night was young, and I was going to
hope for a lucky break with one of Engoldbret’s lovely greeters…

After
about two hours of drinking, and picking over the table of chips, dips, and
various munchies surrounding the keg, I was beginning to slip into an
uninhibited state of consciousness. Talking to the girls was getting easier,
and Sally showed up to brighten my buzz.

“Sally!”
I exclaimed as she rounded the corner to fill her plastic cup with beer.
“You’re heeeere!” I approached her and smiled widely at her, not letting
anything slow my quickness to show my affections for her. I was positively
beaming at her. She turned to me in surprise of my advance; she was not
accustom to the slurred speech, and blatantly obvious advance on her.

Smiling,
she noticed right away that I was drunk, and grinned. “Hello, Ron!” she
said flirting.

“Are
you ready to party?” I asked her.

“Am
I ever!” she announced, “I have had the worst week…” she trailed off
into a long description of soap-opera lifestyle and utterly meaningless
dialogue, all of which I just nodded to, trying to imply interest. We began
talking and testing each other on the amount of bullshit our lives, the
standard “I went thru a horrible thing back when…” conversations. I
thought I was getting somewhere, I thought she was truly digging me. I was
incapable of realizing the deviousness of the female mind while intoxicated.

At
the time - it all seemed so good - I was wonderfully happy, talking to a
gorgeous girl, and she was seemingly unwary of my ultimate plan to take
advantage of her for a night.

This
thought this misguided fantasy, was supported by her willingness, and fond
flirtation. I was a total buffoon. She was playing to my inhibitions, and
setting me up. There were a number of people gathering around us and our
conversation. I credited this to the shift of the conversation to sexual
topics, bondage, and candle wax, stuff like that.

“You
like having hot wax dripped onto your nipples?” I blurted out, “someone
tying you down, making you endure pain?”

“Yes,
of course, who wouldn’t?” she stated with a matter of fact tone. What I
didn’t see was her glance at her friends and the shrug indicating that she
really had no clue of what I was getting at; and was only playing at this to
get me to talk more about it. There were laughs in the surrounding crowd, and
smirks.

Ten
minutes later I was rambling about mummification and automated eroticism,
going on about every fetish and latent desire that I ever had. I clearly
spelled out the boundaries of my kink. I was blitzed. No idea of how I was
being manipulated. Soon after midnight the main crowd had dwindled down to a
few of us, Sally was still sitting next to me, and her friend, Alice was there
as well.  They kept my cup full,
and kept asking about my fantasies. By two in the morning, they knew all of my
desires. I would not recall most of this night. Engoldbret was in the house
rambling with his newest love, Brenda.  So
he could not restore the missing timeline to my knowledge.

I
awoke to an ache in my nose, following stiffness in my left ankle, then leg,
delivering a queasy feeling in my gut, giving way to a throbbing in my head,
preceding a climax of pain emitting from every hair follicle on my head
(including eyebrows). When I opened my eyes, and the blurred vision
dissipated, I saw that I was in Mark’s living room, alone, on the sofa. A
foggy representation of the night flashed over my mind. I didn’t exactly
know what I had said to Sally. I knew I had been talking about sex - so it
could not have been that bad, or so I thought.

A
couple of days later I was into Monday. Drudge of the weekday overtaking my
worries of social anxiety. The day was long and I got thru it by drinking
coffee and multiple trips to the water cooler. My hangover was behind me and
the feeling of haze had lifted, but I still had the gaps in my memory.

That
evening I called Sally, to see what she remembered about – my behavior that
night. This was a technique that I found valuable, both to research a girl’s
feelings for me, and to set myself up for the wounded and humble man.

“Sally?”
I said, “This is Ron…”

“Oh,
Hey Ron,” Sally said energetically, “I was wondering when you would
call…”

“Um…
really?” I asked.

“Yes”
she said.

“I
wanted to know… if I did anything that was - offensive to you the other
night.” I said slowly and softly.

“No…
not really anything… I was very interested in you, someone with so many
passions.” She said with excitement. I felt worried, and concern for what I
had told her.

“Why
don’t you come over to my house this evening, and we can talk about it more
intimately?” she said hopefully, giving me the impression that she had a lot
of interest in me. Her voice suggested that she had a kink of her own; the
only drawback was I didn’t know what part of my fantasies I had relayed to
her that night. What would I say?

“What
time would you like me to be there?” I asked.

“About
7:30, I get off at 5:00, so I can be ready for you by then.” She explained.
She gave me directions to her house, and said goodbye.

I
was really excited over this. I seemed to be getting somewhere with this girl,
and I think she was thinking action tonight. Wow.

**The House Call**

I
didn’t know exactly where her house was so I got a little lost on the way
there, but I figured it out. I rang the doorbell and stood there waiting. She
opened the door and walked back inside, leaving the door open for me.

“Your
late.” She stated. I followed her back to the kitchen. She handed me a drink
and started drinking one of her own. It was Cool-Aid or something fruity like
that. I didn’t know what to say so I just stood there drinking. After a few
seconds of just staring at me, she put down her drink.

“You
need to get out of those clothes to start with, then I can see what I have to
work with…” she stated. I swallowed the drink hard and took a deep breath.

“What?”
I asked.

“This
is your idea…” she started, “I’m willing to go along with it, but you
can't be all in my face about it - you need to shut up if you want me to be in
charge!” I quickly closed my mouth. I began to remove my clothes, right
there in the kitchen. She watched me as I remove each piece nervously. I felt
degraded.

“Put
them here, and fold them up neatly, I don’t want to touch them.” She
pointed to a box at the kitchen table. After doing as requested I turn back to
her and waited. She stared at me for a moment, and then signaled for me to
“come” with her finger, as she backed down the hallway.

It
was getting hotter in the house, I felt very warm. I was getting tired too; I
have to shake it off. I was about to have a lot of fun. I couldn’t fall
asleep at a time like this.

“Hurry
dear…” she said, urging me on to the bedroom. By the time I made the
doorway I was almost falling, I braced myself against the door and leaned in -
the room was empty but for a sheet of plastic on the floor and lots of bandage
looking things draped on the floor in the center of the plastic. She was going
to wrap me.

As
I started into the room, I felt myself spinning. She caught me just before I
fell. Guiding me down to the floor - she laid me on the gauze, in the center. I
lost consciousness.

When
I awoke, I was totally wrapped in the gauze, head to toe, and very stuck. She
had put something gooey onto the bandages; it was sort of like dough. I did
not know where she was, but I wasn’t going go looking for her. My cock was
wrapped separate, and it protruded out above the cocoon. I was very horny. I
knew that she was still in the house, but I was unable to speak, there was
something in my mouth, like a gag, but more like a wad of dough, it was gooey
and firm, but didn’t seem to break down, it held its shape.

I
squirmed a little to feel around for what else was going on. I could feel some
pressure around my ass; bandages were wrapped tightly about my ass, and held
something up in my asshole. I could not be sure but it might be a butt plug.

“My
little burrito is awake now!” said Sally, delighted to see me awake, “I
can start stuffing your insides with the fillings!” Her enthusiasm was
starting to frighten me, and I know I didn’t want to be stuffed full of
anything.

“Your
going to get the protein paste injected into your body, and then you’ll be
ready for Ginger.” She said sprightly. “Oh, don’t worry, I have measured
just the right amount for your intestines, you won’t feel too bad.”

She
left the room and returned carrying a large plastic bag full of what could
only be the “Protein Paste” that she spoke of. She hooked it up to the
wall near my feet, about four feet above me. She left the room again, and
returned with a large tube. She hook the tube up to a receptacle under my ass,
and then placed the other end up to the bag, clamping it on tight. I saw the
paste slowly making its way down the long tube towards my body. Soon it would
push into my ass and make its way into my guts. Having no way to move, all I
could do is watch. Sally sat on a chair watching me as the liquid made its way
down.

I
was feeling very helpless as this happened. My erection grew however, as the
first bit of paste hit my ass, and started to press into me. It was slow, but
thick and didn’t stop. It seemed like forever, but the paste was filling me
up. I felt tighter inside the wrappings. My gut was growing. After an hour,
Sally left the room, and returned with yet another bag! I couldn’t believe
this!

“This
one goes down into your stomach, and will fill the opposite side of your
insides. Its going to absorb all of your stomach juices and make you more
‘digestive friendly’ for Ginger.” Sally explained.

What
was going to happen, and who was Ginger? I was really worried now. I was going
to be food? What could eat me? I would just have to wait. It is all I could do
anyway.

Sally
took the tube to the bag and fed it into a hole at the front of my mouth, that
I could not see, but I felt it hit the back of my mouth as she pushed it
deeper down my esophagus. It slide past my throat and in it went, I had a very
uncomfortable time with it at first, but I was getting used to it as time
passed.

Just
like the other bag, she hooked it up to the bag full of paste. Even as the
other bag was close to finishing, the new bag at my head was just beginning.
There was a grey color to the paste, and I watched the mixture slide down the
tube and into my mouth, passing within inches of my eyes, going down into my
stomach. There looked like bits of ground up things in it.

“I
made it myself, it a mix of whey protein, cornmeal, egg whites, broccoli, and
vitamin mix. I had wrapped smaller animals, rats, guinea pigs, and then onto
pigs... you aren’t so different.” She said proudly. “I have one other
thing you will appreciate too. It’s a bone softener, takes about an hour to
work, but it will make your last moments much more relaxing. I got it from a
guy I know in
South America
.”

She
brought a pouch of what looked like saline in to the room, and hooked it into
an IV that was already in my arm. It burned going in, and I didn’t like it.
I felt it making its way around my body, and things started to change. It was
bad enough that the paste in my stomach was almost full, and cutting my
breathing off, I had little room to take a breath.the paste was everywhere
inside of me. Now this ‘bone softener’ was doing something else. I felt my
hips go limp - and all at once I slumped as the paste inside pushed my bones
out of the way. I felt nothing, nothing but the paste moving around. My cock
was still very hard however. Sally pushed the bag at my feet and forced the
last bit of paste into the tube. I felt the pressure grow, and my body relaxed
to accept the last bit. All of my muscles were not working now. The ‘bone
softener’ had rendered them useless.

Sally
took all the tubes out and plugged them up. She dragged me out of the room and
into the hall, struggling to get me to move. Down the hall to the last room,
she opened the door, and pushed me inside, then shut the door behind me. I was
alone, and I smelled something foul. It was an animal, or something not human.
It smelled like the reptile room! What did she have in here with me? I could
not move, and I was  too full to
even if I could. I heard a door slide open, and saw the closet door opening,
beyond the door was a whole room, the closet had no back wall. This was very
bad indeed. I could see a part of a snake, a giant snake. What had I gotten
myself into? I was snake food.

The
snake didn’t get near me in the first hour. I lay there waiting for it to
get closer. After a time it the snake circled my body, and rubbed close to my
cocoon feeling my warmth. I could see the body of this snake; it was about
thirty to forty inches around at its center, bigger than me for sure! I
hadn’t seen the snakes head yet, but I know it would soon start to smell
around me. My body was wrapped up in cotton gauze, soaked and packed with the
same protein mix, only dried to a claylike hardness; it was packed over my
whole body. The snake obviously recognized this as its food; Sally had been
feeding this to the snake all its life. This was not so different to the pigs
for Ginger.

The
snake finally started its dinner, it lifted my ankles and slide under, and
circled three more times as it wound about my body. It was lifting me up- and
moving me as it did so- I was getting dragged closer to the closet, back to
its lair. It was getting tighter around my body, squeezing me firmly. I was
totally limp - no control at all. The paste inside me began to slosh up and
down my body cavity as the pressure moved to different parts of my cocoon. I
didn’t feel human anymore, I felt like a sack of paste surrounded by skin. I
gagged as it began squeezing tighter still, and I knew it was going to swallow
me soon. I felt a pressure at my feet as it unlocked its jaw around my calves.
It slowly worked me forward into its mouth with its body as it walked its jaws
up my legs. I could not stand this, my raging hard on was next, and I would be
enveloped by this monster. As it went over my thighs, it constricted on my
feet and I was pulled powerfully downward.

It
was up to my cock, and it opened more to take it in, wetness was saturating my
cocoon, salvia would start to work on me sooner or later. Ginger was up to my
stomach, and the paste inside my body was being pushed upward as she firmly
squeezed up my body, the next hump was this bulge of the paste collecting at
my chest. Ginger opened wide and topped the bulge, and it evened out instantly
and I slid in up to my neck with its contracting. This was it, I thought, one
or two more contractions and I am done for.

It seemed like a long time but it
only took a second, Ginger contracted on me and I slid deeper, under its front
nose. My head in her mouth, I was feeling the dribbles of its breath on my
head. Another contraction and I was in the dark, just out of the mouth, Ginger
closed her mouth and I felt the contraction going again, pulling me deeper,
and the muscles of the stomach tightly pressed into my face. I was starving
for air. I could not breath. I had no control, I felt the muscles squeezing my
cock, and I came as I was pulled deeper and deeper, then… nothing.

Sally
picked up the box of clothes and carried it to the trash, pitching it in.
Returning to the house, she looked into the reptile window to Ginger’s room,
and smiled.

**THE
END**
