---
original_url: https://www.maidbots.net/storieslr/metalmaid.html
subcategory: Pony & Pet Girl
title: Metal Maid
authors:
- Robotunit8
tags:
- MM/f
- laboratory
- maid-bot
- problem
- offer
- encased
- transport
- display
- malfunction
- ai
- embed
- mind-control
- nanobots
- transform
- stuck
- arousal
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2018-06-14 00:00:00
---

*(The inspiration for this story comes from 2
sources, the first being Sue-Chan's many Metal Maid type images and
transformation, the second being a more ‘extreme' design in a picture
by someone called Chasti-Permalock which was sent to me a couple of
years ago, or maybe even more, which has intrigued me with story
potential ever since. The fact that said maid is so enclosed that
chastity is a permanent state for her makes it impossible to use it
literally for this story, so I've made it a slightly less chaste
outfit, making it a sexually ‘usable' outfit. )*

She stood in the middle of the lab, the perfect image of
femininity dressed in a trim maid's outfit, looking stunning. Trouble
was, that by this stage of proceedings it wasn't the young lab
assistant Stephanie that should be wearing it, but the ‘Metal Maid'
who was due to be displayed for the first time at the ‘Grand Design
Exhibition' starting the next day. But unfortunately during the last 2
days before the big event, the complex AI of the Metal Maid had
started to malfunction badly, and she currently stood motionless in
the corner of the room.

They had managed to coax Stephanie into the sexy looking outfit
because she was more or less the same shape and height as the Metal
Maid, and they needed to make sure it would fit just in case they
finally solved the problem. Stephanie had simply been used as a human
test dummy to check that when the Maid moved and flexed that the
outfit wouldn't be ‘too' revealing when she moved about. They were
happy with that side of business, but not so happy with trying to get
the Maid to function properly! For some reason the command functions
they gave her just didn't seem to match up to her actions.

Metal Maid was at the cutting edge of modern day AI technologies, a
controllable, programmable unit perfect to surprise visitors and
dinner guests with her presence. About 5ft 6 tall, with a figure (and
curves) to die for, she could either come with a standard human type
face with all the standard facial features, or a clever ‘de-luxe'
version that simply screamed ‘machine' at you if that was your
desire. This model had no facial features at all beyond 2 tiny red
lenses which sent a visual image of the outside world to the AI
system, and the maid would react to this perfectly. Beyond that she
had a perfect little O of a mouth for those rare occasions when she
needed to speak. Paul had joked to Andy that the perfect little mouth
could be used for another purpose, but not when any of the girls were
about! Caps on the nipples covered up the receptors for signals which
simply opened and shut with a gentle touch. The only other openings
were seamless panels in the vaginal and anal areas for check ups, and
charging sessions.

But at the moment she wasn't functioning at all! And tomorrow was
supposedly her big day!

As Stephanie went off to change back into her everyday clothing,
Paul turned to Andy and said, “You know of course, there is one way round this problem to get us
through tomorrow.”

“There is?” asked Andy racking his brains for what it could
possibly be, “I suspect we could crack the problem in about 24 hours,
but its getting that far without being laughed at. So come on
Einstein, how do we avoid disaster tomorrow?”

Paul grinned, “Well all the gadgetry and AI units that make ‘her'
function are basically inlaid into the shell of the unit, so there is
plenty of room for someone to slip inside the Metal Maid. I know the
system uses the nano-links to connect front to back of the unit, but
while its deactivated those functions cant operate. And even if the AI
system was functioning, the nano-links are on a seperate control panel
anyway because of the safety factor, we wouldn't want those linking up
while a person was inside, because I'm not yet convinced they would
retract through a human body. Lets face it, we designed it with the
prospect of a person being inside it, so all we need
is...”

“...Someone to go inside her and act as the
Metal Maid would do! Great idea in practice, but at 5ft 6 tall you
need to find someone pretty short in stature to do that. And someone
who doesn't suffer from claustrophobia too, remember this is one of the
models with the ‘vidi-screen' system not proper eye openings.” Andy
replied.

“I know, I know, and we have to find her by noon tomorrow, and she
has to know how to act like a maid. Alright its a silly idea, but its
the best I can come up with.” Paul said, now suitably deflated.

Andy started searching the HR records for anyone suitable, and to
his surprise 1 person fitted their needs... their lab assistant
Stephanie. Not only was she the perfect height for the ‘Maid', but
apparantly one of her jobs as a teenager had been as a waitress in a
hotel. No details were given as to whether she was claustrophobic or
not, but she knew all about the project. Just one snag, she was very
shy, and this would involve performing in front of thousands of
people, so would she do it, even to save the project? He could only
ask her.

Just at that moment Stephanie walked back into the room dressed in
her normal everyday clothes, ready to go home as she'd been told she
could do. Andy took all the courage of his convictions and asked
her,

“ Err, Stephanie, how would you feel about becoming the Metal Maid
for a day tomorrow? The unit has sufficient space for you to slip
inside through the back panel, and as long as the AI systems are all
actually switched off you would be perfectly safe. And without those
switched on the nano-linking system can't possibly work. Alright you'd
be a bit confined, but it would only be for a few hours, and I'm sure
we can hide a drinks bottle in there somewhere for you. I've checked,
I know you've been a waitress before so you would know what to do, and
this basic demonstration is hardly going to test your skills. So will
you do it?”

She smiled nervously, “Well I'd err... love to help
the project but... ” desperately trying to think of a way of
getting out of being confined in that metal chamber for several hours,
and then it dawned on her, " How am I going to see where I'm going,
part of the AI system is sensor awareness to stop her bumping into
things, and as a human I don't have that!”

Andy smiled gently back, knowing she was trying to find a way out
of this without looking to be letting down the project, "I'll spend a
couple of hours tonight resiting the vidi screen so that you can see
through that, there are no problems with that, and as you were the one
that ran the initial tests using it you know how to read the
images.”

She groaned inwardly, she'd forgotten that in her desire to get out
of being sealed in. It wasn't that she didn't want to help, she did, the
project was currently paying her wages, it was just that she really
didn't like the idea of pretending to be Metal Maid in front of several
hundred people at the various displays. She was shy, and that idea
didn't appeal at all. Acting as the Maid wouldn't be the problem, she
wouldn't be doing any more than handing out drinks and nibbles which
she had done before, it was the large number of people she would be
doing it in front of. She didn't want to do it, but without her help
the project might be written off, and she didn't want that to happen.
She just hoped she could remember to act like a robot though.

After a few moments hesitation, and plucking up all her courage she
said, “Alright I'll do it tomorrow then, but please fix her soon, I
don't want to have to pretend to be a Metal Maid all weekend,
especially as Saturday and Sunday that would mean more than 12 hours
confinement inside ‘her'.”

Paul sighed with relief, just hoping Stephanie could pull it
off. Before he could say anything Andy beat him to it, “Thanks Stephanie, I promise I'll work on it this evening, as well
as repositioning the vidi-screen for you. We're pretty sure that 24
hours more will solve all the problems. So if you come here about 10
tomorrow morning we will slip you inside, and arrange the transfer to
the exhibition site. This is a very special offer Stephanie, I'm sure
a bonus will be slipped in your wage packet for this if it works
out.”

She left, wondering what she had let herself in for!

Andy and Paul worked on for a couple of hours resiting the screen
so Stephanie would be able to see the ‘outside world' through it the
next day, as well as carrying on trying to sort out the bugs in the
system. Then finally Paul had to go, Andy saying he'd work on a little
longer as they seemed close to curing it. And finally he did! He wrote
Paul a quick note saying that everything was now running fine, he
would leave the AI activated, and there was now no need for Stephanie
to be sealed inside the next day as it would operate
itself. Unfortunately the note blew onto the floor, and the cleaner
swept it away with the rest of the rubbish.

\* \* \*

She woke up the next morning, trying not to think about what she
was going to have to do that day. Chronically shy, the thought of
‘performing' to hundreds of people as a Metal Maid Robot was not her
first choice of roles. But if doing this would keep the project
going... She guessed it was going to be pretty warm (if not
hotter) inside that metal casing, even more so with all the lights
that would be on in the hall, but the idea of being barely clothed or
nude surrounded by all that wiring and gadgetry didn't terribly appeal,
apart from which she would need help to get inside, and she didn't like
the idea of being just dressed in bra and panties, or even heaven
forbid, naked in front of Paul. But being that lightly dressed would
at least help to keep herself comfortable temperature wise. She knew
one thing though, she was glad the nano-link system wasn't being
connected up, the thoughts of the Metal Maid linking to her body just
made her shudder at the thought. That system wasn't designed to work
with a human in it, but she knew it would if activated. It was
designed to make the Maid ‘flow' in her movements as all the systems
joined together, but the thought of a human body in the way of it made
her shudder. Still, she had been told it wasn't on, and that was good
enough for her, she guessed.

Arriving at work a couple of hours later she swiped her card to
enter the lab, and there ‘She' was, stood motionless with Paul stood
beside her waiting, just checking over 1 or 2 things. She noticed he
had the back entry panel open already awaiting her arrival. He cast a
relieved smile when he saw her arrive, “Thanks for doing this Stephanie, I don't know how we can all thank
you enough, I'm sure you will do a wonderful job. Oh, and the MD has
been contacted, and he tells me there will be a large bonus in your
wages next month for doing this if things go OK. The vidi-screen is
all set up for you to view through it, but I will check you're happy
with it before I seal you in. There is a large fluid bottle in there
with a straw attached, so just place that in your mouth, suck when
necessary and everything should be fine.”

Stephanie smiled uncertainly, she wasn't going to back out now, that
wasn't in her nature, but that didn't mean she liked the thought of
being sealed in that metal shell, “Can I just ask a few questions before I get in?” she asked.

Paul, hoping this wasn't going to be her get out clause nodded, “How hot is it going to get in there being confined for so many
hours, I was wondering how much clothing I should wear. Also do I have
an escape button in case of emergencies. And err... how do I put
this, the most important thing, how do I go to the toilet, as I
remember she doesn't have a hole down there for that, being a robot she
doesn't need to, and how do I let you know I want to go anyway?”

Paul breathed a sigh of relief, these weren't hard to answer.

“It will get hot in there Stephanie, so as little clothing as you
feel comfortable in would be best, or indeed nude if you were really
being brave. Sorry, there is no escape button built in, but we will
check on you between each display session. The toilet matter was
easily solved, we simply changed over the vaginal panel on the unit so
you will be able to go quite easily. The suit as you know is very
flexible so we will give you ‘toilet breaks' between each display if
you need it. Mind as you will probably sweat away a lot of fluid you
should need it less often than normal.”

Stephanie blushed bright red at the thought of entering the Metal
Maid nude, more because of Paul seeing her naked body than anything
else though. She'd deliberately put on a very thin bra and pantie set,
and she now decided just to wear those. She knew it meant that most of
her body would be touched by the wiring and circuitry, but as it wasn't
switched on it shouldn't matter, and she guessed she would probably
feel it through the flimsy underwear anyway. The escape button wasn't a
problem, as long as she was being checked on which she was promised
she would be.

Paul looked at his watch knowing time was moving on, " So are you
ready?” he asked her.

She nodded, “I'll get ready.” and slipped off her outer layings of
clothing until she was stood there just in her undies. Paul looked at
her and wondered why she hid her body so much, she had a nice shapely
but petite figure for a girl of her height, certainly nothing to
hide. And though she'd never believe him, quite pretty too. She
slipped her clothes in a bag and handed it to him. Inspiring herself
to a moment of bravery she said, “Lets get on with it then, seal me in the Metal Maid.", and with
Paul's help she clambered in.

It was quite a tight fit, but apart from
squeezing her head into the Maid's head it wasn't too bad. Yes, she
could feel all the circuitry against her head, especially when she
pushed her head upwards into the cap of the Maid, but once she had
checked that she could see through the vidi-screen, and that the fluid
tube was easy to slip into her mouth she seemed content, and Paul
sealed the back of the unit up. She felt herself being placed in a
transfer box, and the almost invisible nasal openings allowed her to
breathe quite easily. She wasn't going to be in there for long, but
even so Paul made a few air hole openings in the box for her. She took
a couple of sips of fluid, and just waited patiently. A few minutes
later she felt the box picked up, taken to a van and then she endured
the journey to the centre. Endured was the word, as it was only meant
to be a machine there wasn't a great deal of padding in the box, and
she got bumped around a fair bit. And the men who carried her out at
the other end certainly weren't gentle in handling her.

“Hope it doesn't set any of the mechanisms off!” she thought to
herself, “Even though the AI alone would only be a help if it worked
properly, but don't want those nano-links trying me out for size!” Not
knowing that of course the AI was already activated, and was by now
beginning to recognise a human ‘induction loop potential' within the
unit, and preparing to start its work. It had initiated 45 minutes
earlier when she had climbed in, but that was the delay mechanism in
case internal servicing was being carried out, but when no movement
was shown at the end of that time, it began the work of linking the AI
into the human body inside it.

All of a sudden Stephanie recognised the tell tale signs that the
AI was linking into her, a gentle tingling feeling throughout her body
which grew stronger by the minute as the circuitry began to activate
and attach itself to her body. She cried out for help, but of course
no one heard her. Not that she was too worried, she knew that the guys
knew she was inside the Maid, and when they came to release her,
deactivation would take place and she would be fine, and she even knew
what the sensation would be like as she had been the ‘guinea pig' for
this more than once before. It would all be fine as long
as... as long as the Nano-link didn't start! One last cry
for help in the moments before she knew the neural AI locked in still
brought no shining knight to rescue her.

And then for now at least, too late! She felt the throbbing grow in
her head as the circuitry embedded in the skull cap began to send
overriding signals directly to her brain, and her thoughts of worry
were eased away by the programming transforming her into a highly
competent, highly industrious maid who couldn't be fazed by
anything. it simply melded any relevant thoughts she may have had into
the Maid's AI programming, and simply switched off all other parts of
her mind overriding them with necessary commands and duties for the
day. In essence she became part of the Metal Maid, though any ‘deemed'
necessary personality traits would be her own. Thankfully Andy had
ensured the day's duties were loaded into the AI of the Maid the night
before when he was happy with it, so her work would be seamless.

So when 45 minutes or so later Andy released the Metal Maid from
its container he didn't notice anything wrong, lets face it why should
he, he didn't even realise Stephanie was in there! And Paul who did
know was deep in conversation with potential buyers. Andy was
surprised he hadn't seen Stephanie in the hall now she didn't need to be
inside the Maid, but just put it down to her chronic shyness making
her less than keen to ‘meet and greet' that way. Andy even thought
about using the nano-link to make the Maid work even more smoothly,
but as he hadn't tested that out since fixing the AI he wasn't taking
any chances. Stephanie would have been pleased at this, but by this
time she wasn't even truly aware of Andy's presence. The Maid knew he
was there, but didn't consider this as relevant information for
Stephanie to ‘need to know'. He powered the Maid up, switched on her
motion units and led her to back stage and waited his turn. After a
few minutes Paul joined him back stage, and asked him,

“Did you check she's OK, after all she's been in there nearly 2
hours already? Didn't like having to seal her in before the Maid
arrived here, but thought it was wiser that way.”

Andy looked at him in a mix of surprise and concern, "Didn't you
see the note, I fixed the AI finally last night and left it activated
so... oh well its too late now, would take her 45
minutes to recover her thoughts, and we don't have 2! Probably better
just to let her function that way now. Oh my god, I nearly activated
the nano-links assuming it was just the Maid, doesn't bear thinking
about!”

“Glad you didn't!” said Paul, “At least this way an hour after the
end of the ‘big event' she will be back to normal, but if you'd
activated that........!”

“I'm sure we would have got her out eventually, but she wouldn't
have been happy!” said Andy.

“Glad you're so sure that it is reversible through a human, I'm
still to be convinced on that one. No way would I want to try it out
on someone as yet.” said Paul in reply.

At that moment they were called forward, and they placed 2 trays in
the Maid's hands which she carried confidently on stage to gasps of
amazement from the audience, even wiggling her metal rear for extra
effect. Paul and Andy laughed to themselves, they certainly knew that
wasn't Stephanie's influence! As they explained all the technical
details of the design ‘Metal Maid' sashayed along the first rows of
the audience offering them drinks from her trays. It just seemed some
of the men couldn't resist the temptation to press the metal caps that
were the Maid's ‘nipples', or to give her large breasts a big
squeeze. Of course even with the limited awareness permitted to her by
the AI, Stephanie never felt a thing. Finally, with all the drinks
handed out to the gasping audience the Metal Maid walked calmly back
on stage and gave a big curtsey to the audience. The applause was
deafening.

What happened next could never quite be explained. The Metal Maid
set the 2 trays down on the table as planned, she was then meant to
take a step back and again curtsey to the audience. But instead she
curtseyed before taking the step back, and gently bumped against the
table, bringing mild amusement to the audience. However she then took
her step back and everything seemed fine, so the guys didn't
worry.

But inside the suit...

The bump against the table caused an almost unnoticeable spark of
electricity to arc across the front of the suit. The trouble was that
spark activated the nano-links! The transformation was almost
immediate and highly dramatic. Stephanie's mouth was opened by the AI
programming and a metal tube entered her throat full of the
nano-particles. It grew rapidly in length, sliding easily down her
throat before splitting at her chest, one tube entering each breast
and linking to the capped nipples in the metal. The other tube slipped
further down her body finally splitting as one tube entered her vagina
before appearing out of her slit and sealing to the vaginal entry to
the suit. The final tube came out of her rear, and again sealed to the
suit. Suddenly Stephanie's awareness levels were raised just
as the tubes began to tease and stimulate all her erogenous zones, she
started to moan loudly though no one could hear her through the
suit. She could feel herself building to one massive great orgasm, she
tried to hold back in case the Maid ‘twitched' but the whole effect
was too much. With a loud squeal of delight the orgasm rocked her
whole body, and she shuddered within the suit. The moment her sticky
juices touched the metal they welded her to the suit, 2 gushes of milk
from her nipples having the same effect. But because the AI in the
Maid allowed for it, to the audience nothing happened.

At this moment the AI and Stephanie's mind literally melded into
one unit, the AI turning her into the perfect maid while absorbing
Stephanie's mind so that she was aware of everything happening while
not being in control of it. The thing that surprised her was that the
‘nice tingling' didn't go away, it continued to arouse her gently,
without ever quite allowing her to reach release again.

For the next 15 minutes or so the Maid stood there placidly as Paul
and Andy took dozens of orders.

Finally she was whisked off stage and Andy turned to talk
to her, “We've turned the AI off now Stephanie, you should be fine in 45
minutes or so. But thanks you were... well both of you were
amazing.”

Paul could hear muffled panic noises coming from within the suit,
so he checked her over, a few moments later he turned to Andy with a
grim look on his face, “It must have been that bump against the table that done it, but
somehow... somehow she's activated the
nano-link. Currently she's sealed within the suit with Nano tubes
connected up through her breasts, slit and rear, and I mean sealed, it
must have been set on full linkage setting. She's err... quite
literally stuck in there. And judging by the moans its still
stimulating her at present.”

Andy looked concerned, “Well that at least I can solve
straightaway.", and plugging in a console control he switched off the
stimulation settings, “But getting her out is another matter!”

When Stephanie heard this she began to panic, “Please... PLEASE... get me out of here as soon as
possible!” she begged, “Apart from anything else all this stimulation
has got me SO aroused, I need something to bring me to orgasm, and
quick!”

Paul laughed, “Well if thats what you want?" and she nodded
desperately, “Never thought I'd make love to a robot!” he said
laughing, but dropping his trousers the erection seemed to suggest the
idea did appeal to him. Stephanie would have suggested a vibrator
would have done the job just as well, but guessed somehow one might
not be available! However when she saw Paul's large and firm erection
something within her mind said how nice it would be to be fucked by
that. Whether it was the AI still working on her brain, the
nano-linkage reacting to the sight of that cock sexually, or just her
aroused horniness she didn't know, but she wanted that inside her and
soon! Thankfully Paul didn't let her down.

He opened the vaginal slit on the suit, and slid his cock inside
the metal casing, and the complex nano controlled vagina eagerly
sucked it in. Both of them found the effect amazing, Paul enjoying the
strong, pleasant sensation as his cock was eagerly played with by her
enhanced vaginal muscles, she enjoying the incredible stimulation
which was being enhanced by the nano system within her. Within minutes
both were ready to burst forth, and for Stephanie at least it almost
seemed like there were bells ringing in her head as the whole event
took place. Then Paul let out a loud moan of pleasure as he shot a
heavy load of cum into her, and Stephanie squealed in delight as the
most powerful orgasm racked her whole body. It took her several
minutes to recover with her eyes closed in delight at what had
happened, but still the bells were ringing in her
ears...

She opened her eyes, and to her shock and delight she was laying in
her bed with the alarm clock bell ringing merrily. She leaned across
and switched it off. So had they managed to release her, or was it
all... just a dream! Looking at the date on her calendar she
realised it was the latter and let out a sigh of relief. She blushed
however when she ran her fingers down her thighs to find them
absolutely sodden with her juices.

“Guess for some reason the thought of that happening to me was
quite a turn on!” she giggled, " Might have been the thought of Paul
making love to me, but I doubt it. He's a nice guy, but didn't think I
fancied him like that!”

Mind, she guessed she knew the reason for the strange dream. The
day before the AI system in the Metal Maid that her team had developed
had crashed completely, and despite many hours work they'd failed to
make it function again. And today was the day that she was being
introduced to the world! They didn't want to cancel if they could help
it but... how could they avoid it? In
fact it had been Stephanie herself who had mentioned that it was
possible for someone of her height and size to slip inside the Metal
Maid, and with her previous job while in college as a waitress, she
had the necessary skills to pass herself off as the maid. All she
needed was for the screen to be adjusted so she could see the outside
world while inside her. As they all said, as long as the AI was
switched off she was perfectly safe, and without the AI switched on
the nano-link system couldnt possibly work. And they were sure the
screen image could be made functional without the AI being switched
on. Paul and Andy had given her a big hug, told her they would work on
it during the evening, and if necessary would take her up on her
wonderful offer. After that dream she hoped they had solved the
problem!

She showered fully, had breakfast, then set off to work to see what
the news was. Paul and Andy were already there, and she knew the
answer as to whether the maid was functional just by their faces,
clearly she wasn't.

Andy smiled at her when he saw her nervous face, “Stephanie, are
you still prepared to carry out that generous offer you made
yesterday, we worked until late yesterday evening, and again this
morning, but haven't been able to fix the problem. It will only be for
a few hours, you will be perfectly safe in there with the AI not
functioning, and we'll even slip a drinks bottle inside for you. I
hope you will, you are our only hope with this.”

Stephanie smiled back, and having plucked up her courage said,
“Yes, I'll still do it. Just promise me one thing?”

“Certainly. What's that?” replied Andy.

“Check the AI is actually switched off, and not just non
functional. I know the AI alone can't do me any great harm, but I just
don't want to take any chances.” she replied.

Andy laughed, “Believe me Stephanie, in its current state its not
likely to work anyway! And yes its off, but we will prove it to you
before you get in.”

Paul moved across to check and gasped, “For some reason the AI had
got left in the on position, good job Stephanie got us to check or she
might not have known too much about her performance if for any reason
it had come to life. And if the AI had then gone wrong, she wouldn't
have been able to act her way out of trouble. And it doesn't bear
thinking about that it might have then activated the nano-linkage!
Just glad you got us to check Stephanie, what ever inspired you to do
so?”

Stephanie just smiled sweetly, “Oh, no idea. Just a thought that
came to me in bed last night.”

\* \* \*

She pulled off the display with ease, acting perfectly the role of
robot maid, and even at this stage guaranteeing many sales. 2 days
later the team solved the AI problem, and the world never knew of the
problems there had been.

The prototype model was never sold, indeed she was used to test out
new programmes and styles before being released to the public. Guess
who served the drinks at the company christmas party! And guess who
was inside her at the time! The new AI system developed by then
allowed Stephanie to be controlled by the AI linking into her mind,
but with her being aware of everything that was going on around
her. For some reason she enjoyed every minute of it. Though she
declined to ever test out the nano-linkage even when they made it
safely human retractable, no idea why!

*( Thanks again to my 2 sources of inspiration for this, without
whom I might not have come up with this wonderful story concept. As to
whether I would allow myself to be sealed into something like this
given the ‘transformations' it can do..............well ask! Comments
etc to the usual address [robotunit8@hotmail.com](mailto:%72%6f%62%6f%74%75%6e%69%74%38%40%68%6f%74%6d%61%69%6c%2e%63%6f%6d) , thanks.)*
