---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Elevator
authors:
- Tony-B
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- stuck
- oral
- reluct
- X
date: 2008-05-12 00:00:00
---

We were in the elevator, going down, when the lights flickered, went out, and the elevator stopped between floors.

I was in the Emergency Ward of Chicago’s General Hospital.

I had fallen and broken my leg.  ‘Broken’ isn’t exactly the right word – it was only a severe fracture.  “Broken” was a colloquialism.  Anyway, the doctor put a cast on my leg to hold it immobile while the fracture healed, and the orderly was taking me down to my room so I could get dressed and go home, after the final x-rays were taken.  I was wearing only my underwear, one shoe, and the hospital bathrobe.

I hadn’t paid much attention to the orderly as he wheeled me into the elevator and stood behind the chair.  It was a regulation wheelchair with a seatbelt, designed to hold a patient so that she couldn’t fall out of the chair.  I say “she”, but automatically include the pronoun “he”.  I use “she” because I’m a young woman, and express my thoughts about the world from a feminine viewpoint.

Suddenly, the lights flickered, went out, and the elevator stopped between floors.  And I felt trapped!

“Damn!”, I said, to no one in particular.  “I’m claustrophobic!”

“You’re alright”, the orderly said, as he reached out and touched my shoulder reassuringly.

“If the lights don’t come back on, I’m going to panic”, I said.  I had experiences like this before, and it only took a few minutes for me to go bananas!

“You’ll be alright”, he said.  “The emergency generators will come on in a few seconds, and power will be restored.”

“I hope so”, I said.  “I don’t want to be stuck here forever!”

I was starting to feel afraid.  I knew the panic was coming!

There was silence for a moment, then I felt the orderly grab my hands and pull them back behind the wheelchair.  Swiftly, he tied my wrists together with a piece of rubber tubing, and I was belted, and bound to the chair.  My leg had been strapped down to a metal platform that stuck out in font of the chair, so that I couldn’t move it, and I realized that I was a total prisoner in the chair!

The orderly grabbed me by the hair and pulled my head back, and demanded that I open my mouth.  With a growing fear inside me – from the darkness, and this sudden turn of events, I obeyed, and opened by mouth.

He stuck his finger into my mouth as far as it would go, and said, “Now close it!”

Again, I obeyed.

His thumb and middle finger pressed my cheeks together hard, so I couldn’t bite him, and he held me there.  He released my hair and dropped his other hand to my shoulder, holding me still.

I tried to shake my head to get him to withdraw his finger, but whichever way my head turned, his hand turned also.  There was no use, his finger was going to be there for as long as he wanted it to be.

I tried to relax, to quell my growing fear.

“Now suck my finger, like it was your favorite boyfriend’s dick!”, he commanded.

Obediently, I started to move my tongue around, rubbing his finger.

“Good”, he said.  “Now think about how much you like it in your mouth like this…..”

He started to move his finger in and out of my mouth, and I thought about how I had sucked my boyfriend’s dick the previous weekend when we had discussed going up to the mountains and skiing.

I closed my eyes, to try to get a better mental picture.

The orderly pressed his finger down, forcing my tongue down to the bottom of my mouth.

“Now moan a little, like you’re enjoying it!”, he ordered.  “Let me know how good it feels in your mouth!”

I began a soft moan…..

“Louder!”, he commanded – “I can’t hear you!”

I increased the volume, and moaned again.  I was beginning to get turned on!

“That’s it!”, he said.  “Now keep moaning, and make little sounds to tell me that you’re enjoying it!”

Once again, I obeyed.  I moaned, and made little gasping sounds as he plunged his finger in and out of my wet mouth.

I felt his hand slip off my shoulder, and down the front of my body, seeking my breast.  I knew he was going to feel my breast, and I wanted him to.  I was lost in the moment!

As he cupped my breast, he started to squeeze it in time with his probing finger.  As he pushed his finger into my mouth, he squeezed…  As he pulled his finger out, he released my breast.

It felt so good, I could feel my vagina start to twitch!

He moved his hand to my other breast, and squeezed again.  He was paying attention to both of them, as he increased the speed of his finger, pressing in and out of my mouth!

I could dream of cumming for him.  I increased the speed of my moans, to match the speed of his finger dipping in and out between my lips.  He held me there, and I was experiencing a pleasure that I had never known before.  I didn’t know exactly what it was, but it was something new to me, and I liked it!

He leaned forward, over my shoulder, and whispered in my ear how much he wanted to fuck me…..  How he was GOING to fuck me, and make me his sex slave!

I melted!  I was willing for him to take me.  I WANTED him to take me.  I wanted to know the pleasure of having his dick up inside me, and riding me for all he was worth!  I wanted him to fuck me, long, and hard.  I wanted to feel him cum in me, and feel his sperm dripping out of my cunt!

His hand slid down the front of my body.  Past my waist, and over my tummy.  I knew he was going to touch me.  His fingers touched my hair through the fabric of my panties

“Let’s play ‘Doctor’”, he said as he gently pushed my knees apart, and pushed the panties aside to gain access to my genitals.

Willingly, I opened my knees to give him full access to my hot pussy!

His fingers touched my labia, and sought out the most sensitive part of my sex.

As his fingers found my clit, and pressed gently, I could have screamed, had it not been for his dick-finger in my mouth!

He continued to fuck my mouth, and rub my clit, in sync!  I knew he was going to bring me off, and it would happen in just a few seconds!

My body prepared for the orgasm!  My muscles stiffened, and I was ready to cum!

My moans grew louder, and I was not faking them!  They were real, and I was enjoying everything he was doing to me.

Suddenly, the lights came on, and the back door of the elevator opened.  We hadn’t realized that we had actually stopped on a floor, just before the elevator doors opened, when the power went out.

It happened so suddenly, we were both caught by surprise.  He pulled his finger out of my mouth, and his hand away from my snatch, as he turned and left me there.  I turned my head, and saw him walking down the hall very fast, and remembered that he was a tall black man, dressed in a white orderly uniform.  He turned a corner, and disappeared!

The front door of the elevator opened, and my Mom and Dad were standing there, waiting for me.

They took one look, and saw that I was strapped to the chair with my hands tied behind my back and my bathrobe pulled open.

“What in the world?”, Mom said, as she rushed in to pull the bathrobe over my exposed body.

“Who did this to you?” my father demanded!

I could only tell him that it was a tall, black man.

“That won’t do the police any good”, he said …..  “This is Chicago General, and virtually all of the orderlies are tall, black men”

As Dad untied my hands, and Mom covered my body, I realized that I had not panicked in the elevator, and that I was no longer claustrophobic!  He had given me something else to think about, and in a sense, had cured me.

“Do you know who did this to you?”, my father insisted.

I did, but I wasn’t going to tell my father… I wanted to come back next week, and hoped for a follow-up exam in the elevator!!!
