---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Saga of Alys
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- chastity
- tease
- denial
- collar
- cuffs
- oral
- rope
- susp
- whip
- toys
- clamps
- buttplug
- tape
- straitjacket
- slave
- strapon
- anal
- mast
- climax
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-06-08 00:00:00
---

### Promise of Steel

#### Chapter 1

Absently humming to herself and tapping a toe to the nonexistent beat, Alys shifted her weight as she watched the numbers on the display slowly climb. Normally she much preferred to use the stairs, both for the exercise and the fact that it allowed her to avoid the frustrations of using this ancient, creaky, and painfully slow beast. Still, at least the elevator worked. Given how low the rent was she supposed she shouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth. And besides, today she was tired and wanted nothing more than to go home, put her feet up and spend the evening with her girlfriend. Or would slave be more appropriate? That set a familiar tingle of arousal racing through her body and, as she adjusted the weight of the backpack thrown casually over her shoulder, a slight but still rather wicked grin touched her dark lips. The day had been long, let it never be said that modeling wasn’t an exhausting profession at times, but it had also been enjoyable as well. It was always fun trying out new toys, and while it wasn’t her favorite position by any means, even she could enjoy submitting to the ropes from time to time. Still, as enjoyable as the day had been she had a feeling that the night was going to be even better. At least if she had anything to say about it. Grinning, she took to watching the numbers again and, after what felt like an eternity of waiting, the soft chiming of a bell announced her arrival as the elevator lurched to a stop. Smile widening in anticipation, she stepped out into the hallway and rolled her neck as she made the short walk down to her apartment door, already digging through her jeans for the keys. Reaching her destination, Alys re-adjusted the backpack again and bent down to open the lock with an ease born of much practice before nudging the door open with her foot she stepped into the small, but cozy living room and deposited her pack on the coffee table carefully, mindful of the delicate cargo within.

Tossing the keys down and kicking off her shoes, she spared a moment to pop her back and called out, “I’m home!”

She had never really been able to explain the urge to say those words, but it was still something of a thrill now that she actually had someone to come home *to*.

Peeking out from around the cabinets that separated the kitchenette from the living area Ophelia smiled at her, the now familiar stainless steel collar glinting around her neck, “Welcome home, mistress.”

Smiling broadly now, Alys padded across the room on bare feet to embrace the smaller girl, running her hands up and down Ophelia’s bare back as she drew their lips together in to a kiss. Almost smirking at the way the girl moaned under her attentions, the brunette took the opportunity to plunge her tongue deep into Ophelia’s mouth and spent several long moments exploring her most thoroughly. Finally, after far too short of a time, they broke apart again, arms still wrapped around each other as if reluctant to let go. Grinning still at the softly blushing girl in her arms, Alys drank in the slender shape of Ophelia’s pale body and noted, as she slid her hands down to cup the girl’s ass, that she was naked save for the apron hanging from her neck. One thing was for certain, the girl certainly knew how to greet her mistress at the end of the day.

“And how was your day?” Alys asked as she gently kneaded those perfect cheeks.

“Dull.” Ophelia managed to respond, even as she bit the edge of her lip to stifle a moan at her mistress’s fondling, eyes betraying just how much she enjoyed it, “At least until you arrived, mistress. How was your photo shoot?”

“Tiring.” Alys admitted with a smile of her own, “But fun.” Again she let her eyes roam greedily over Ophelia’s barely clad form, gaze fixed on the generous amount of cleavage on display, “But you know, I’m thinking you’re just too cute like this. I should bring you along next time. Really give them something to look at.”

Ophelia smiled a bit, “Anything you like, mistress. Anything at all.”

“Careful what you say, my lovely slave, I may just take you up on that.” still grinning and shifting her grip to gently hold the girl in her arms, Alys chuckled softly, “Still, seeing you like this makes me feel distinctly over-dressed for dinner. I think I need to change.”

Ophelia tilted her chin up to accept a parting kiss with a smile of her own, “I’ll be waiting when you’re ready, mistress.”

Leaving her slave behind to continue cooking, quite well aware of the fact that she was next to useless in a kitchen, Alys retreated deeper into the apartment. Humming to herself once again and pulling her t-shirt over her head before she even made it into the hallway, revealing that she had neglected to put her bra back on, the tattooed woman could not help but smile. Oh yes, today was going to be a very good day. Tossing her shirt on the floor as she stepped into the bedroom with her jeans quickly following, Alys stretched the kinks out of her muscles before working off her socks and underwear until she was completely naked, pausing just a moment to admire the pale, tattooed form, that greeted her in the mirror. Smiling at her reflection, and cupping her breasts to idly toy with her the rings pierced through her nipples, she struck a pose and blew herself a kiss. *‘Oh yeah, who’s a sexy bitch?’*

Her tiredness worn away by excitement, she shook her head, chuckling under her breath at her own antics and began to dig through her dresser for something more… appropriate. Or less appropriate, as the case may be. She started with a pair of old fishnets, artfully torn, and slowly slid the stockings onto her legs, snapping them playfully on her thighs as she did. A pair of black high heels followed and, as she adjusted to the towering stilettos, Alys checked the mirror again, nodded to herself as she did. It was a good start, she had always loved how high heels made her already long legs look, but she needed something more, something… *special* for what she had planned. Nodding again, she quickly walked out the door and made her way to the room at the very end of the hallway. Their “playroom” for lack of a better term. It wasn’t quite a dungeon yet, but Alys was working on it.

Without pausing, she crossed the small room and threw open the closet doors to rummage through the small but growing collection of fetish gear stored there, looking for something more appropriate. Or, as she reminded herself with a smile, less appropriate. Despite the impressive selection of leather, lace and rubber on display nothing quite seemed to suit her mood. Until she came upon something that made her smile. Hanging there in the back was one of her first, and favorite, corsets. Pulling it free from the closet, Alys held the garment up to the light, admiring the smooth black leather and the bright red inserts while gently caressing the steel boning and mirror-polished clasps with her fingers. Nodding at the decision she slipped the garment around her waist and struggled to seal it. The laces had been tightened long ago to make it possible to dress herself, but it was still a struggle to get it seated properly, not to mention having to exhale deeply before it finally closed around her waist. Still she managed and, brushing her fingers across the leather again, Alys admired the corset once more, especially the way it sheathed her body and compressed her waist. She had never really tried to alter her figure overmuch with these things, not like some people she knew, but she loved the way the garment enforced her hourglass shape and constricted her body. And in this particular model she loved the way the quarter cups lifted and separated her breasts without actually covering them in any way. Victoria Secret, eat your heart out.

Pausing a moment to attach the garter belts to her stockings, and grabbing a thin leather choker from atop the dresser to complete the look, Alys could not help but smile as she ran her hands down her body. Despite the discomfort, there was just something about dressing like this that made her feel so incredibly powerful. And so incredibly sexy. Idly digging a pair of handcuffs out of one of the drawers, the tattooed brunette began to spin them playfully around her finger as she stepped back into the hallway. Heading for her kitchen, practically strutting as her heels clicked on the floor in a most satisfying way, Alys grinned to herself, anticipation building in her chest.

Ophelia had just finished laying out dinner on the kitchen table when her mistress re-emerged and as soon as her eyes fell upon that leather clad form a familiar pulse of desire re-ignited and she had to fight the urge to fall to her knees. Her mistress was truly home now. Bowing her head, neither said a word as Alys walked up and placed a finger under her slave’s chin, lifting her lips into another kiss. A fierce, domineering kiss that paralyzed Ophelia with its intensity and left her no choice but to submit to the will of the powerful woman standing over her. Moaning softly in her throat as she allowed Alys to plunder her mouth, smooth but firm hands slid down her arms and gripped her wrists, pulling them behind her back. The soft, familiar click of handcuffs that followed did not surprise or bother her in the least. Unless she was alone, and sometimes even then, she was bound, it was just the way of things and honestly she could not say she didn’t like it. Not that she was really thinking about anything at the moment, still locked into the midst of that kiss. Slowly, however, she did become aware of her mistress’s hands as they began to rise to the back of her neck to untie her apron, allowing the cloth to fall away from her chest and leaving her completely topless.

The kiss broke then, leaving Ophelia breathless with her lips feeling almost bruised, but she still did not say not a word, save to utter a shuddering sigh as Alys’ hands slid down her chest to cup her now bare breasts. A deeper moan followed as those hands then began to knead those soft mounds of flesh, pinching and rolling already rock hard nipples between thumb and forefinger before playing with the piercings. In time, one of those hands slipped around behind her back, much to her disappointment, and down to her waist to untie the last knot, letting the apron fall to the floor and leaving her completely naked then. A soft kiss at her pulse and the feeling of soft fingers gently rubbing her sex drew a gasp from the young slave, but as she trembled in aroused excitement and closed her eyes in anticipation, Ophelia was to be disappointed again as those cruel, talented fingers left her.

“Let’s eat.” Alys whispered into her ear as she guided Ophelia to her knees and slid into a chair herself.

Having little choice Ophelia obeyed, waiting and grinning contently as a hand found her breast once more. It was a simple meal, sushi of a type that Ophelia was particularly fond of and had introduced to her mistress, but as far as both were concerned it was the entertainment rather than the food that made these dinners so interesting. Keeping her left hand firmly affixed to Ophelia’s right breast, kneading and caressing the delicate mound, drawing forth the most wonderful sighs and moans, Alys took her time as she explored the girl, occasionally taking a bite or sharing with her slave. There was just something so fantastically sexy about it, of Ophelia being utterly dependent upon her, unable to even feed herself without help. Of course, it was even sexier to feed the girl through a ring gag, but it was also a much more complex process that only worked with certain foods and tonight she was happy to do without. Between the simplicity of the dish, and the distraction of playing with Ophelia’s body, it was also a short meal with few words spoken between them. Besides, words didn’t really serve much of a purpose for either of them at this point. When they had both finished, Alys set her chopsticks down, feeling pleasantly full though she suspected her corset had something to do with that, and finally removed her hand from Ophelia’s chest. Pouting in disappointment, the pink-haired girl glanced up and leaned against the chair before placing a series of delicate kisses against her mistress’s thigh, pleading silently.

“Taking some liberties, I see.” Alys quipped as she reached down to tangle her fingers in Ophelia’s hair and let a wry smile touch her lips. There was no answer, only those earnest brown eyes gazing into hers from beneath a fringe of pink hair. Knowing well that this battle was already lost, it was difficult to say no to someone when they were asking for something you wanted as well after all, Alys twisted to the side and spread her legs, fully exposing her pierced and hairless sex. “Just a taste, you haven’t earned any dessert yet.”

Ophelia needed no further prompting. With a nod of acknowledgment, she leaned in and began to gently lap at her mistress’ pussy, teasing each of the numerous rings piercing through those nether lips before as she worked her way up and down, again and again as she waited for the signal to dive in. Alys let out a long, low moan of her own, gripping the edges of the chair tightly as she observed her lover work through half-lidded eyes. Ophelia knew her well, perhaps too well, licking and teasing all the right places to drive her into a frenzy. She wasn’t sure how long it lasted, that obscenely skilled tongue working her ever closer to orgasm, but never quite over the peak. Just a taste, as she had said. Leaning back against the chair, muscles clenched taut, Alys had to suppress the urge to jump in surprise as Ophelia found a particularly sensitive spot and that tongue began to tease her clit. There was no command, no orders given, Alys just tangled both hands in Ophelia’s hair and mashed those lips against her sex. Gasping ever so slightly, the bound girl immediately responded by capturing those nether lips in a deep and penetrating kiss, all the while fighting down the urge to grin in triumph as Alys threw her head back and moaned in delight. Beneath that furious assault of tongue and lips and teeth, the brunette’s resolve was rapidly fading and, tightening her grip, Alys clamped down on herself even as she began to pant against the overwhelming sensations of pleasure washing over her. It was almost too much.

Almost.

Eyes closed tightly she drew a shaky breath and forced out through clenched teeth, “Don’t you dare stop, slave. Don’t you dare!”

That was the signal she had been waiting for. Abandoning her earlier strategy, Ophelia took her mistress’s clit between her lips and sucked, hard. Gasping in surprise and pleasure, Alys moaned loudly under the assault, remembering well a time when it had been her own lips on her slave’s sweet flesh, Ophelia moaning and thrashing beneath this very technique. It seemed the girl had learned well. As much as she wanted to try, Alys couldn’t hold back any longer no matter how wonderful this felt. Clamping her thighs tight around Ophelia’s head to trap her in place, she threw her own head back and screamed as that wonderfully pierced tongue finally pushed her over the edge and an orgasm seemed to explode from within her.

Ophelia didn’t stop though, instead she greedily drank down her mistress’s fluids, reveling in the spicy yet sweet taste as she proceeded to lick Alys clean with quick, even strokes. Aftershocks assaulting her body, each flash of pleasure teased from her flesh under the direction of that skillful tongue, Alys could not help but moan and shudder and sigh before she finally came down and marshaled enough self control to open her legs and pull that obscenely talented mouth from her aching core. Tongue still sticking out of her mouth as if surprised, Ophelia looked up to find herself frozen in the burning, sea green gaze of her mistress. With surprising strength, Alys pulled the kneeling girl into her lap and slammed their lips together, breasts crushed between them as she embraced her slave tightly, tasting herself there on the smaller girl’s lips as she plundered that sweet mouth.

It aroused her more than she would admit and, when the kiss finally broke, she began to lick Ophelia’s face clean like an overly large cat and dropped a hand between the girl’s legs to test her own arousal. As expected, Ophelia’s pussy was soaking wet and, if the intensity of the moan she received over a simple touch was any indication, eager as well.

Good.

Taking the girl by her bound arms, Alys eased Ophelia out of the chair and back onto her feet before standing and roughly guiding her slave out of the kitchen and out into the living room. Biting her lip in frustration, Ophelia followed obediently but could not help but be a bit disappointed. That was twice now her mistress had teased her and she had a feeling it would not be the last. After a brief walk, they paused at a spot near the couch and Ophelia gasped in surprise as a band of cloth was suddenly tied around her eyes, plunging her into darkness. Standing perfectly still, the girl could do nothing but listen as Alys left her side, her heels clicking on the floor as she moved around the room. Although it was only a few heartbeats, a minute at most, trapped in darkness as she was, it felt like a small eternity to Ophelia before she felt a rope being tied tightly around each of her ankles in turn. After being nudged by a foot she obediently spread her legs, sliding them apart about twice shoulder length before Alys tied the ropes down to eye-bolts in the floor, locking the girl in place. Ophelia heard the click and felt the handcuffs fall away, but before she could even contemplate moving her arms or rubbing her wrists, Alys took both of her hands and tied them together in front of her, cinching the ropes tight. The young submissive did yelp in surprise then as her arms were then quickly lifted over her head and pulled tight to the ceiling. So tight that she was forced to perch on the balls of her feet, her entire body pulled painfully taut. Almost as an afterthought another length of rope was draped around her neck and woven around her chest in an intricate pattern as Alys trapped her breasts in a snug harness. A parting pinch to her nipples made Ophelia moan, but then there was nothing, the sensation gone.

Breathing somewhat roughly, blind, helpless and more than a little aroused by it all, Ophelia could do naught but listen to the click of heels on the floor as Alys circled her, hands brushing against her body randomly. Her sides, her arms, her legs, her hips and waist, then finally her breasts and a lingering but far too soft touch against her eager sex. Just as suddenly the loud **crack** of a leather strap against her ass brought a scream from the girl’s mouth, from shock as much as pain. A second, third, forth and even a fifth followed quickly, Ophelia flinching behind her blindfold and crying out with each stroke, but still carefully keeping count in case her mistress demanded to know. The pain stopped just as suddenly as it had begun and a pair of soft breasts pressed against her back, a quiet moan escaping her throat as hardened nipples and the small rings pierced through them scraped against her skin as those mounds began to glide down along her spine and over her throbbing ass in a strange and yet utterly sensual massage. At the same time eager hands swooped around to cup her own bound and sensitive breasts, squeezing playfully before Alys began to slide back up her slave’s back, those hands dropping to trace the edges of her ribs and the muscles of her stomach before pausing to caress her inner thighs. Ophelia whimpered in frustration, wiggling in her restraints as best she could in a silent plea but those hands refused to move to her aching center no matter how much she begged.

Chucking softly at the girl’s frustration, Alys nipped her ear softly and whispered, “I brought some new toys I want to show you, my lovely little bitch. Do you want to feel them?”

“Yes, mistress.” Ophelia breathed out, voice thick with want and frustration.

“So eager.” Alys continued, nuzzling her neck, “Do you remember the rule?”

“Yes, mistress.” Ophelia practically whimpered.

“Say it for me.” the brunette insisted.

“I… I’m not allowed to cum without permission.” she whispered.

A hand smacking harshly against her already sore ass made her jump, “Louder!”

Biting her lip to suppress a moan, the blow sending a pulse of heat through her core, Ophelia threw her head back, “I’m not allowed to cum without permission, mistress!”

Pleased with the response, Alys began to gently knead her flesh, soothing the hurt of that blow, “Yes, slave, exactly that. Don’t cum unless I give you permission.” She moved closer to whisper in the bound girl’s ear, a smile evident in her tone, “Now wait here until I get back.”

Ophelia felt her own lips quirk ever so slightly at that rather old joke, but still tried to strain her ears and follow what was going on, but the room was almost eerily quiet. The sound of a zipper being opened and then nothing, not even the familiar peel of her mistress’s footsteps. And then, just as suddenly she jerked in surprise as Alys appeared without warning, again pressing her breasts against the bound girl’s back and resting a hand on her stomach. How in the world had she moved so quietly in those heels? There was no time to ponder that mystery as she also felt something different about Alys' touch, a cool plastic disk in the palm of that hand and what almost felt like thimbles on her two middle fingers. She twitched again and gasped as Alys nipped at her neck and the objects attached to her hand began to vibrate.

Alys chuckled as she began to slowly grind herself against her slave’s back, “I got to test drive this earlier today. Shockingly powerful, yes?”

“Yes.” Ophelia whispered in a strained voice as her mistress’s hand began to make lazy circles over her stomach, spiraling ever downward.

A long, desperate moan escaped her as those vibrating fingertips found her sex and began to stroke the lips of her labia, up and down, in some strange parody of how she had teased Alys but a few moment before. Swallowing hard, Ophelia tried to control her breathing as the indeed shockingly powerful devices began to work their magic on her but it was a losing proposition. The sensations only intensified as the vibrations increased, as did the pace of the fingers teasing her and the feel of the warm, lush body writhing against her back. In the midst of this, Alys’ free hand found her breast once more, stroking and caressing and squeezing softly before pinching her nipples and playing with her own piercings. Even stretched out as she was, barely able to move, Ophelia began to fight against her bonds and attempted to buck her hips to intensify the pleasure but no matter how hard she struggled or squirmed against the hands holding her Alys refused to take her over the edge.

Panting now, and dripping wet she bit her lip to try and hold back, begging in a strained whimper, “Please, mistress!”

There was no answer, just the incessant vibrations against her eager sex and Ophelia could do nothing but moan in earnest, a strangled cry dying in her throat as those hands suddenly left her body just as she neared the peak but before she could crest over. Crying out in frustration at the failed orgasm, a hint of tears in the corner of her eyes, that cry became a scream as Ophelia felt her mistress’s body move away from her only to be replaced by another stroke of the leather strap against her already sore backside. Two more strokes followed quickly before Alys finally spoke.

“Naughty bitch, you were going to cum, weren’t you.”

Ophelia hung her head, gasping as those hands returned to her body before admitting in a small voice, “Yes, mistress.”

Alys clicked her tongue disapprovingly before resuming her former position and molding her body against the bound girl’s back, “Let’s try this again.”

The vibrators activated again, and again Ophelia moaned in desperate arousal as they roamed over her flesh, gliding up her stomach and past her ribs to massage her breasts and tease her nipples, the small buds achingly hard now, before dropping down again to slide into the juncture between her legs. Alys probed deeply with her fingers, sliding the tiny devices up and down the bound girl’s slit, teasing her flesh until her clit eagerly presented itself. Pouncing on that opportunity, Alys began to caress that tiny, sensitive nub, tearing shuddering moans from her slave’s throat and again making the girl twitch and jerk in her bonds.

“Please, mistress!” she managed to force out between pants, “Please may I cum!”

Alys paused for a moment, as if pondering to herself before responding before kissing the girl’s neck and whispering into her ear, almost cruelly, “No.”

Ophelia let out a frustrated whimper and bit her lip again as she tried to hold back the inevitable. She liked pain, true enough, and loved being edged, but this was the most exquisitely devious torture she had ever endured, which only excited her more and made it harder still to hold back the flood. Skin flushed, breath ragged and body twitching Alys seemed to hold her there on the precipice for what felt like an eternity, but even she reached her breaking point eventually.

Panting, barely able to speak, Ophelia pleaded with her mistress, begging for release, “Please! Please, mistress, I can’t… I can’t hold it!”

And with that pronouncement those hands left her once again, body perched upon the peak but unfulfilled as a strangled cry of desperate frustration escaped her throat. The lash returned, five strokes this time, and as she screamed under the blows in a mix of pain and frustrated pleasure, tears leaked from her eyes. That scream became a yelp as a pair of clover clamps bit onto her achingly hard nipples, the weighted chain between then tugging harder as her chest heaved with each breath.

Embracing the girl again and nipping at her ear, Alys’ voice was hard, almost cruel but with an almost playful hint buried underneath that made Ophelia shiver, “Maybe that will cool you down, pet.”

There was no pretense of foreplay this time. Ophelia moaned, low and throaty, as Alys jammed her fingers, and the tiny vibrators sheathing them, deep inside the bound girl’s body and began to stroke internally. Those moans became near screams when the palm vibrator finally entered the fray, Alys pressing it tightly to her slave’s aching clit before beginning to rub with short, sharp motions. With her piercing transmitting the vibrations under her skin and thus attacking her clit from all sides at once, Ophelia didn’t stand a chance. Desperate moans quickly became loud cries and unrestrained shouts of pleasure as she bucked her hips intensely, fighting against the ropes holding her wrists, desperate and pleading but unable to escape. Panting between clenched teeth, her skin flushed darker than her hair, the muscles in her thighs and stomach clenched tightly in a desperate attempt to stave off the monstrous orgasm building within her, Ophelia could do nothing but dangle there helplessly and hope that her mistress would relent. Snaking her free arm around the bound girl’s waist, Alys pressed their bodies together and began to grind against her back, hot kisses practically branding her bare neck and shoulders, but still she did not let up in the slightest.

“Don’t you cum, slave.” she whispered, harshly, “Don’t you dare!”

Something seemed to break inside of her as Ophelia arched her back almost painfully, crying out, “Please, mistress! Please!”

An aborted cry of pleasure suddenly became a scream of pain as the hand teasing her so deftly suddenly left her sex and in a single deft move tore the clamps from her breasts, the pressure stretching her nipples painfully for the fraction of a second it took for the devices to pop free. Her whole body jerked at the sudden sting, even as a wave of heat filled her and her pussy clenched, as Ophelia instinctively pulled hard against the ropes, but at the same time Alys used the opportunity to jam a gag into her open mouth, the massive rubber ball muffling her scream before being strapped down with almost brutal tightness.

“I’m getting very tired of all this noise.” Alys announced, her low tone almost a growl, “Clearly I’ve been too generous. You have no self-control at all, do you, my lovely little bitch?”

Flushed and crying, practically sobbing into her gag, Ophelia shook her head.

Alys sighed, “Oh very well, one last chance.”

Slowly, and with great ceremony, Alys began to pleasure her slave with the vibrators once more. Much more slowly this time, stroking her pussy and teasing her clit then drawing back as Ophelia began to pant behind her gag, only to return and repeat the process again and again and *again*. It was only when she was sure that her slave was wound as tightly as she could be, every muscle tense and breath as heavy as if she had just run a marathon, that Alys finally plunged back in, inserting her fingers and pressing the palm vibrator hard against Ophelia’s pussy. Only this time Alys twisted her fingers in just the right way to strike all of the girl’s most sensitive spots. An act that, when combined with the second vibrator hammering away at her clit, would make the girl cum like a freight train in no time at all. She waited and watched as Ophelia’s flushed and sweating body began to twitch against the ropes, until the girl was moaning like a bitch in heat even through the massive gag, teeth sinking into the soft rubber ball as muscles clenched tight around the intrusions. Alys knew it was almost time and when she at last felt the internal twitch that would herald climax and heard that strangled moan echo deep in the girl’s throat, she pulled her hands away as quickly as she could. Ophelia literally screamed into the gag in response, howling like a banshee as she practically convulsed within her bonds, utter frustration written on every line of her body as she she jerking against the ropes with bruising intensity, desperate to get her hands between her legs and at last have the massive orgasm her mistress had been working her towards, and yet constantly denying her, all evening.

This time Alys did not continue, she deactivated the device and stripped it from her hand, offering one last parting lash against Ophelia’s much abused backside before walking around the front of her slave and pulling the blindfold away. Red, tear-stained eyes and a face painted with running mascara greeted her, the girl blinking rapidly against the sudden influx of light. Smiling softly, Alys kissed the tears away and Ophelia watched silently, able to do little else as she hung limply in her bonds, while her mistress untied the chords around her breasts before massaging the delicate mounds to erase the rope marks. Moaning softly in relief as that suddenly delicate touch soothed her skin, she gasped when Alys took the rope and tied it around her waist, leaving the ends dangling from behind. Reaching into her backpack again, Alys retrieved a pair of vibrating eggs, short wires connecting them to a small power pack. Lubricating the toys against her own damp sex, she inserted one of the eggs deep into Ophelia’s pussy while the second slid smoothly into her ass with a groan. Grinning now, Alys then pulled the ropes between her slave’s legs and cinched them into a snug crotch tie to ensure that the toys wouldn’t be going anywhere. But she didn’t activate them just yet. Rather, retrieving a few rolls of black vet wrap from her pack, the brunette knelt down to untie both of Ophelia’s ankles and forced them together, wrapping her legs with the tape, slowly mummifying the girl to the waist. Once she was certain that Ophelia’s legs were completely immobilized did Alys stand and appraise her work with a smile.

Satisfied, she circled around the bound girl’s back and untied Ophelia’s wrists. Shaky legs collapsing as the bonds holding her upright were suddenly cut, the girl let out a muffled cry of surprise as she fell only to be caught in Alys’ strong arms. Gently massaging the poor girl’s sore arms, and kissing the rope burns at her wrists, Alys steadied her and presented the last item she had prepared for the night, a straightjacket of shiny black leather. Wrapped in tape as she was, and knowing it was impossible to masturbate now, Ophelia dutifully raised her arms and allowed her mistress to slip the jacket onto her. The strange garment was skin tight, as if it was made for her and, as Alys tightened the straps at the back, the material conformed to every one of Ophelia’s curves like a second skin. Bending the girl’s arms into a helpless self-embrace, Alys strapped the sleeves down one at a time, trapping her there. Satisfied with her work, the tattooed woman caressed her slave’s face and offered a tiny smile before pressing a soft kiss to the gag protruding from her lips. Ophelia just groaned in response, but that sparkle in her bloodshot brown eyes told the full story.

Despite it all, they were both enjoying this.

In a somewhat awkward half-carry/half-drag Alys managed to maneuver her slave down the hall and into their bedroom before laying her down on the bed with some effort. Carefully making sure the bound girl was settled, she smiled again before kicking off her high heels and unclasping her corset, tossing the garment casually into the pile with her street clothes from earlier. Clad now only in her fishnets, she climbed into the bed and straddled Ophelia’s tightly bound and gagged form, activating the two toys buried within her slave’s sweet and very frustrated body as she did so. Ophelia moaned softly, squirming in her bonds and rolling her shoulders against the straitjacket as the vibrator in her ass activated, the low and steady buzz pleasant, but not nearly enough to do anything but keep her frustrated. The second, sharp sensation within her sex made her gasp and twitch, but just as quickly it ended. When it activated again a moment later in another short, sharp burst then cut into a dull, steady moan she realized, in a sudden flash of insight, that it was on a randomizer. Her horrified look must have registered because Alys’ lips bloomed into a wicked grin as she began to rub the bandages over her lover’s imprisoned and very frustrated sex.

“Those should keep you nice and warm all night, pet. In fact, I bet you’ll be practically stewing in your own juices by morning.” Eyes tearing up again, Ophelia shook her head and tried to plead through her gag, but Alys just reached down and cupped her cheeks, “Do you want to cum?”

A frantic, wide-eyed nod was her only answer.

With a swift motion Alys popped the gag from her slave’s mouth and positioned her own sex over the girl’s lips. “Then make *me* come, and I’ll consider it.”

Almost instantly Ophelia struck, tongue snaked out of her mouth as she began to lick and lap at her mistress’s pierced curves with abandon. Moaning under the sudden, frenzied assault, Alys had to grab the headboard of the bed to support herself as she ground her hips into Ophelia’s face, desperation adding an entirely new level of skill to her slave’s technique. It didn’t take much of that licking and sucking, to say nothing of the feel of that wondrously skilled tongue practically burrowing into her lap at the velvety heat within, before Alys came with a loud, satisfied cry. Frozen there for a moment, panting as her slave continued to lick her clean, swallowing her fluids and sending pleasant shocks through her body, Alys finally dismounted the girl and bent down to kiss her, plundering Ophelia’s helpless mouth for several long moments. But before the bound girl could even think of begging, Alys grabbed a panel gag off of the night stand and slid the large, mouth-filling plug between the girl’s lips before strapping it in. Biting down on the gag, as if testing it, breath wheezing through her nose, Ophelia speared her mistress with a pleading look, but Alys just smiled and turned off the light before lowering herself down onto the bed.

Radiating contentment in a maddening way, Alys rolled onto her side and pressed herself against Ophelia’s bound form, taking the girl in a tight embrace and wrapping a leg around her waist before pillowing her head on the girl’s shoulder, “You know, if frustration improves your technique that much, I may never let you cum again.” Ignoring Ophelia’s muffled protest, she just snuggled against the girl even tighter and kissed her cheek, “Pleasant dreams, my lovely little bitch.”

Trapped as she was, Ophelia could only sigh and collapse against the bed, wiggling her hips as best she could as another jolt of pleasure surged through her crotch. Once again it proved sufficient to push her that little bit to the edge, but not enough to go over, and she knew then it was going to be a very, *very* long night.

#### Chapter 2

For what seemed like the millionth time, Ophelia found herself counting the dots in the ceiling tiles as she lay helpless on her back, occasionally testing the bonds practically mummifying her while the silicone cock she was all but deep throating muffled all but the tiniest of whimpers as the *little monster* buried in her sex pushed her to the bleeding edge of orgasm again and again but never once leaving her satisfied. Thanks to sheer exhaustion she had managed to catch a few hours of sleep, off and on, but it seemed like just as soon as she slipped into the escape of dreams that damned vibrator would activate again and jar her awake. Although, what few dreams she had managed proved to be rather interesting.

Of course, all of this was not helped by her mistress’s nearly nude body pressed tightly against her, sleeping the deep sleep of the well and truly sated and clearly enjoying a very pleasant dream. Lucky bitch. And if the clock was right, in addition to rubbing against and caressing her slave’s tightly bound body, that hand had been fondling her breast for over an hour. At this point Ophelia feared that she might actually explode if she didn’t get some kind of release and, as if to complicate matters further, her shoulders were starting to ache from the strain of the straitjacket and her very full bladder was demanding attention.

She liked testing her limits, she liked being controlled and she really liked having her pleasure drawn out but this was just ridiculous! Ophelia had never been more convinced in her life that if she didn’t cum *right now* she was going to die. She knew how to endure pain and draw pleasure from it, it was part of what had drawn her into this lifestyle in the first place, but she had never imagined that pleasure itself could be used as a weapon. If nothing else she had to admire her mistress’s deviousness. As if summoned by those thoughts the hand fondling her breast suddenly stopped and reached up to trace the outline of her sore jaw. Twisting as best she could, Ophelia looked to her right to stare into Alys’ blue-green eyes, an impish smile etched onto the young woman’s face. Gently caressing her slave’s jawline for several more seconds, eventually the brunette levering herself upright to loom over Ophelia’s body on all fours.

Leaning down to kiss the bound girl on the tip of her nose, Alys’ grin widened, “Did you sleep well?”

Ophelia just offered a blank stare, as if the dark circles around her eyes, that had nothing to do with makeup this time, weren’t enough of an answer.

Alys could not help but laugh, “I know what you want. You want to cum, don’t you?”

Eyes widening, Ophelia nodded her head almost frantically.

Letting a hand glide down the bound woman’s helplessly mummified body, Alys switched the two vibrators off, “No.”

Ophelia whined deep in her throat at that refusal, eyes pleading as she fought her bonds and begged, every sound she made reduced to unintelligible whimpers by the massive gag filling her mouth. Alys just smirked again and ducked down to kiss her slave on the cheek before climbing out of bed. Stretching the kinks out of her muscles with a groan of relief, which did wonders for her chest, the tattooed brunette grinned again at the way Ophelia’s eyes were following her. A wicked light burning in her own eyes she cupped a breast and dropped her other hand between her legs, slipping two fingers inside herself. Closing her eyes she moaned, long and low as she began to masturbate, teasing her nipples and playing with her piercings as she did so. Squirming within her bonds, and feeling the almost unbearable heat of arousal simmering in her veins, Ophelia could do nothing but watch the tableau, frozen in place and unable to look away as Alys moaned and sighed, doubling over as she worked herself to orgasm. Within moments, the young woman’s eyes slid closed as she played with the trio of rings through her lower lip with the tip of her tongue before gritting her teeth and letting out a strangled little scream as she came. Opening her eyes just slightly as that first wave of pleasure passed, body still twitching a little with aftershocks as she continued to work her delicate flesh. she locking gazes with her slave and raised her fingers to her mouth to slowly, sensually licked them clean.

Grinned at her slave’s pleading eyes and the low whimpers she let out as she struggled, Alys grabbed the girl’s legs and spun her around to pull her to the edge of the bed. Slowly unwrapping the bandages before wadding them up and tossing them in a nearby trash can, Ophelia’s legs were free in short order, exposing her soaked and throbbing pussy to the morning air. Teasing her a bit with a few errant brushes of the fingers, Alys slowly untied the crotch rope and pulled the two vibrators free by their cords, grinning at the soft, muffled sound the girl made. Grabbing her by the shoulders then, Ophelia was quickly pulled to her feet and guided on shaky legs out of the bedroom and into the bathroom across the hallway. Flipping the lights on casually, and leaving her slave bound in the jacket and tightly gagged, Alys set the girl down on the toilet and left the room to give her some privacy, as well as gather some bath supplies and more bondage gear.

When she returned a few moments later, Ophelia was blushing slightly, but Alys said not a word as she cleaned her slave and flushed the toilet before turning on the shower and letting the water adjust. Only then did she unstrap the gag and pull the massive plug from between the poor girl’s lips, Ophelia coughing several times as it was removed. Before she could speak, Alys drew their lips together into a quick but deep kiss, thrusting her tongue deep into the pink-haired girl’s mouth, grinning ever so slightly at the tiny moan she could feel in the other girl’s throat. Lips still locked, she began to loosen the buckles and straps of the straitjacket and slid it off the girl’s shoulders, pulling it away as their lips parted and she stepped back. Setting the jacket carefully on the counter, Alys took the girl into a soft embrace, an embrace which Ophelia gratefully returned, leaning against her mistress’s body with a sigh. Reveling in the feel of so much soft skin pressed against her own for several long moments, Alys eventually stepped into the shower, dragging the smaller girl with her and letting the spray of water wash away the scent of sweat and sex. It had become something of a custom for them to shower together, and often they made love while bathing, but today there was an almost unhurried detachment as the brunette slowly scrubbed the young submissive clean. Lingering on her more sensitive parts, and batting away her hands as the girl tried to gain some degree of relief from the sensations swirling inside of her, Alys just hummed, unconcerned. When she finished, Alys embraced her again, kissing her with a sudden fierceness as they ducked under the water to wash the shampoo from their hair and Ophelia desperately threw her arms around her mistress, moaning softly as she was pressed tightly against the cool wall.

“Please, mistress.” the pink-haired girl begged as she tried to grind her hips against Alys’ thigh, “Please don’t tease me, I can’t take it anymore.”

“All in good time.” Alys whispered back as she reversed their position, pressing her own back to the cool, tiled wall, while she guided her slave to her knees, keeping hold of both wrists. Ophelia knew what was being asked of her and, despite the difficulties presented by the water sluicing over their bodies, she began to lick and tease her mistress’s sex, running her tongue along those delicate folds and lapping at the thin metal rings pierced through them, guided all the while by the throaty moans every touch of her tongue elicited until Alys’ clit presented itself. Instantly taking the bud of flesh between her lips, she began to suck and lick in earnest, swirling her tongue around the nub just as she had been taught. Despite the insistent throbbing between her own legs, Ophelia nevertheless felt the same thrill as always as her mistress twisted and moaned underneath her ministrations. It was flattering, in a way, that Alys enjoyed her attentions so much though given her seemingly bottomless appetite for pleasure, sometimes she wondered if the woman was a nymphomaniac. Whatever the case she redoubled her efforts and sucked harder, occasionally pausing to run her tongue across her mistress’s nether lips or to tease the hot velvety flesh within, reveling in the feeling of the tattooed woman’s body tightening around her. After a handful of heartbeats Alys came under the assault, a shattering scream filling the air as she climaxed, jerking hard against the wall and tightening her grip almost painfully. And yet, despite everything, Ophelia could not help but smile just a little. Cumming vicariously might not be much, but she would take what she could get at the moment.

Just as suddenly she was pulled to her feet again and a pair of fierce lips found her own in a hard but much briefer kiss than before. When that kiss broke, the pair smiled at each other for a long moment before Alys shut off the water and stepped out of the tub, gesturing for Ophelia to follow her. Nodding obediently, and shivering a bit at the way the cool air caressed her body, she allowed her mistress to dry her off and style her hair before the straitjacket was presented once again. Biting her lip in frustration, Ophelia resisted the urge to sigh as she lifted her arms, stepping back into the garment that had imprisoned her for the night, shivering again as it slid snugly over her body. Once again the skintight leather accentuated every curve of her pale frame, especially her painfully hard nipples, and her arms were trapped in an inescapably tight self-embrace. To her slight surprise, and great relief, the massive plug gag was not replaced. Instead a ring gag was popped behind her teeth with little resistance, forcing her mouth open and ensuring that she would have to concentrate to keep from drooling. Brushing a few strands of pink hair from the bound girl’s face, Alys smiled and once again Ophelia found herself guided out of the room by her completely nude mistress, part of her deeply amused by the fact that Alys loved to walk around the house without any cloths. Not that she was complaining. After a short walk, Ophelia was brought to the kitchenette and guided down to her knees by the side of the table.

Left to her own devices for several moments, Ophelia just watched as Alys cleared away the dishes from last night’s meal and proceeded to set out breakfast. Perhaps owing to her lack of culinary skill, or perhaps just in the interests of speed she chose simple foods. Juice, fruit, oatmeal, nothing that couldn’t be eaten through a gag. Finished setting the table, the young mistress took her seat, crossing her legs properly as if it wasn’t odd that she was sitting naked at the breakfast table with a girl in a straitjacket kneeling beside her. Then again, for them it wasn’t odd at all. Owing to her slave’s inability to chew anything while her mouth was held open by a ring, breakfast proved to be a somewhat longer meal. With the aid of a funnel Ophelia managed to drink, if in small sips, and the fruit was soft enough, and cut small enough, to allow her to swallow it whole. She sadly missed much of the taste, but the way Alys teased her by rubbing each piece of fruit against her lips before finally allowing her to have it somewhat made up for this. The oatmeal was last, carefully spooned through the ring where Ophelia could lap it up, a sight that made Alys bite her lip, well remembering all the things that tongue could do to her and had done to her. It was something she had noticed when they first started dating and had only become more obvious with time; Ophelia had a talent for making even the tiniest little thing look impossibly sexy. By the end of the meal Alys was seriously contemplating demanding another round of oral sex, but in the end she thought better of it. She had other plans, after all.

Giving her slave a few sips of water to clear her mouth and finish the meal, Alys helped the girl back to her feet and once more took her into the living room. In fact, took her back to the exact same spot where she had been suspended the previous evening. Rather than tying her there, though, Alys just took the rope that was still dangling from the ceiling and tied it to Ophelia’s collar, forcing her to stay put or risk choking herself. Taking a step back, Alys set her hands on her hips and observed the girl. The way the gag held her mouth open and provided a clear view of her pierced tongue, the way the straitjacket completely imprisoned her upper body and, especially the way her outfit framed the glistening flesh of her cleanly shaved sex that must have been screaming in frustration, the tiny ring of a hood piercing glinting amid the pink flesh. All of it combined into a breathtakingly sexy image and feeling another grin tug at her lips, Alys nodded absently to herself, her grin widened just a bit more when she realized that now was also the perfect time for her big surprise. Circling her slave once, twice, then three times Alys absently brushed her fingers against Ophelia’s exposed skin, following the slender turn of her hips, the soft hollow between her thighs and finally the perfect curve of her ass. The bound girl moaned and wriggled several times in response, but the ropes forced her to stay mostly still. Mostly. Facing her, Alys reached up and brushed Ophelia’s hair away from her face again, granting a clear view of deep brown eyes, before popping the ring gag out of her mouth. Gently cupping the girl’s face, she smiled and caressed those delicate cheekbones with the pads of her thumbs before leaned in for a kiss. It was not a soft kiss or a playful kiss, it was a domineering kiss, a powerful kiss that asked for nothing and demanded everything. Ophelia moaned loudly and seemed to melt into her mistress’s embrace, leaving her no choice but to submit as Alys’ tongue entered her mouth and brushed against her teeth before probing deeper and entwining with her own. For several long moments they battled like that, tongues dueling as Alys again asserted her authority. She didn’t want her lovers to simply fall into her arms, she wanted to be forced to subdue them, to dominate them, to *take* them.

Ophelia was one of the first she had ever met who truly understood that.

For her part, Ophelia was not thinking deep thoughts, she was literally caught in a daze as Alys broke the contact and a hot kiss pressed hard to the pulse in her throat before those lips wandered down her bound body, even suckling on a leather encased nipple as they went. At last, Alys was on her knees, gently rubbing her slave’s eager pussy with her palm. Ophelia moaned under that touch, even though it wasn’t quite enough to push her over the edge, then threw her head back as far as the rope would allow when Alys ran her tongue along the length of her sex just once, her mistress’ twin tongue studs only enhancing the sensation. Flicking the girl’s piercing with the tip of her tongue once, then twice, Alys leaned back, resting her cheek on her slave’s thigh even as she continued to caress the edges of her sex, yet always avoiding that eager core.

“You’re boiling, aren’t you?”

It took a moment for Ophelia to realize that she had been asked a question, but when she did she nodded helplessly, “Yes.”

“Pulsing, throbbing, burning up inside?” Alys wondered.

“Yes.” she admitted softly, “*Please*, mistress…”

Alys’ fingers began to draw nonsense patterns on Ophelia’s back as she spoke, “But you like it.”

It was not a question, but Ophelia still struggled to find an answer, “I…”

Alys did not let up, “When I tease you and lick you, taking you to the very edge but not letting you crest, holding you there while you pant and moan and *beg* like the bitch you are. You love it, don’t you?”

Ophelia dropped her head, feeling her eyes water just a bit, “Yes, mistress.”

The stroking stopped then as Alys stood, pressing a soft, almost chaste kiss to her slave’s lips, “Then my lovely little bitch, you’re going to absolutely *love* this.”

Leaning over the coffee table, Alys reached for her backpack, which had been laying there all night, and pulled the last major item she had brought with her. Stepping back in front of Ophelia to present the large cardboard box with little fanfare, “This is what I really wanted to show you, the vibrator was just a warm up.” And with that somewhat ominous announcement, she drew the item within free from the packing foam and held up her prize triumphantly, “Recognize this?”

Ophelia felt her mouth go dry, brown eyes widening as she took in the collection of metal straps her mistress was holding. The numerous measurements, the plaster casts of her hips and waist in every conceivable position, the quivering excitement over what was to come, oh yes she remembered. Drinking in the sleek stainless curves of the chastity belt, as brightly polished as her collar, Ophelia felt a small trill of anticipation run down her spine. Taking in the device, the desperate *want* in her loins momentarily forgotten, Ophelia felt an entirely new type of arousal course through her, the slave within her rejoicing at the thought of a new restraint, eager to feel that metal on her flesh. Yet, just as quickly the reality that her hyper-stimulated sex was about to be locked away in a cage of metal hit and Ophelia found herself trembling slightly at the thought.

Still she nodded and managed an answer even as she fought the urge to look down, “Yes, mistress.”

There was no further ceremony, no further words, and knowing that begging would be useless, Ophelia just closed her eyes as Alys rolled up the lower edges of the straitjacket and began to lock her in. The waistband encircled her just above the hips, compressing her flesh slightly, but not painfully as it was snapped shut. The slender metal strip of the shield followed the curve of her body perfectly as it bisected her cheeks, expanding into an eyelet to allow her to… function before narrowing to slip between her legs, then expanding again to cover her sex. The feel of the chilled metal against her skin temporarily cooled her ardor, only to bring a moan to her lips as the smooth surfaces rubbed against her *just right* as her labia and clit poked through the slit in the front. The entire belt tightened then, making her inhale sharply as the shield was attached to the waistband and the click of a slender brass padlock, almost identical to the one on her collar, sealed her within. Eyes still closed, she moaned again desperately as Alys gently caressed her still exposed sex before locking the secondary shield on with a second, smaller padlock. The numerous tiny holes drilled in the band would allow liquids to pass through, but nothing else.

She was well and truly chaste now, and totally at her mistress’s mercy.

Opening her eyes, and seeing her mistress admiring the chastity belt, Ophelia looked down to study the thin steel bands that imprisoned her sex tightly. Biting her lip, she shifted her hips experimentally, almost moaning at the way the smooth metal moved against her. It was… interesting to say the least. Not exactly painful, maybe a bit uncomfortably, rather like her collar before she had gotten used to it now that she thought about it. And it looked as if she’d have no choice but to get used to this. Looking up at her mistress, she barely had time to react before fingers tangled themselves in her hair and Alys caught her in another deep kiss. The joy and sheer passion she could *feel* in those lips calmed her considerably and as they broke apart to reveal Alys’ smile, Ophelia could not help but think that, perhaps, this wouldn’t be so bad after all.

“We have a long day ahead of us, pet.” Alys announced, touching their foreheads together, “Best get started.”

Then again…

---

A soft, silken sensation, almost like spider’s legs flitting across her face, at last roused Ophelia from her slumber. Slowly cracking open her eyes and blinking several times against the light as the world came back into focus, she tried to shake the cobwebs loose from her mind and take stock of herself. She was stretched out on the couch with her head resting on her mistress’s lap, a hand gently stroking her hair, clearly the source of the pleasant sensation that had woken her. She was also still strapped into the straitjacket as the ache in her shoulders confirmed and, of course, that chastity belt was still imprisoning her loins. Realizing that she had also been re-gagged, Ophelia just looked up past the swell of Alys’ still bare chest and caught her eyes.

Pausing then, Alys shifted and smiled down at her, “Welcome back, you were more tired than I thought.”

Given that the panel gag with its massive plug silenced her completely, Ophelia just nodded, and stretched as best she could in her confinement. The ache in her shoulders was worsening, but that was no surprise given how busy the day had been. No sooner had the belt been locked on than this new phase of her training had begun. Learning to adapt to the belt’s presence upon her body, how to tolerate it and compensate for it. How to walk, sit, jog, lay and bend over without the metal digging in or chaffing painfully. Learning what restrictions it placed upon her, how it impeded her movement and most embarrassingly how to relieve herself through the metal as well as how to keep it clean and dry. It had all seemed deceptively simply, but had proven to be far more complex and far more taxing that she had imagined. And today was just one day, the first day, of what promised to be a very long process. Luckily after a late lunch Alys had allowed her to lay down on the couch where she had unexpectedly fallen asleep. It seemed her vibrator induced insomnia had finally caught up to her.

“Do you feel alright?” Alys continued, as she resumed stroking her slave’s hair.

Considering that, Ophelia took stock of her body. Her jaw was a bit sore from the gag, but that was a familiar pain, a pleasant one, while her sex was throbbing under the stainless steel shield covering it. Even the way the metal moved against her skin seemed to heighten her stimulation, though going into the thing in such a state of extreme frustration probably hadn’t helped. Indeed, the chastity belt certainly hadn’t killed her sex drive (as some wearers she had spoken to claimed), if anything it seemed to have amplified it with the lure of the forbidden, with the knowledge that there was nothing she could do about the simmering in her loins until her mistress allowed it. It was mostly in her head, she knew, but that didn’t make it any easier to bear. Looking up, the sight of a second key on Alys’ necklace was unmistakable and Ophelia could not help but grin underneath her gag. Still, baring the ache in her shoulders, she was forced to admit that she felt rather good all told and so nodded her agreement.

“Good.” Alys said, “Now sit up.”

Ophelia did as she was told, struggling a bit to lift herself with her arms bound and careful not to allow the waistband of her chastity belt to dig into her waist. Still, she managed it and as soon as she was upright, Alys began to unbuckle the straitjacket, freeing the girl’s arms and eliciting a soft sigh of relief before removing the garment completely. Setting it aside carefully, Alys guided her slave back onto the couch and prodded her to roll over on her stomach. Curious, Ophelia complied and once she had Alys straddled her hips and began to massage her shoulders, well aware of how uncomfortable the jacket could be after extended wear. Closing her eyes, Ophelia moaned even through the gag as the tension fled her body. Occasionally the moans became a bit deeper when Alys let her hands wander over the tattoos that covered the girl’s back and slide down to tease her sides, or when she deviated from standard procedures and used her own breasts rather than her hands to massage that soft, pale body. After a few minutes of that Ophelia was practically a puddle on the couch, relaxed despite it all, and smiling widely around the large plug between her lips.

Pleased with the results, Alys lifted herself off the couch and turned to walk back down the hallway, glancing over her shoulder, “Now stay here.”

Even with her hands now free for the first time in nearly twenty hours Ophelia knew better than to remove the gag, but did rouse herself enough to turn over and, for the first time, truly explore her chastity belt. Despite having worn the thing for hours so far, somehow touching it with her hands made it real. And yet, it felt so strange to place her hands between her own legs and feel nothing but the smooth curve of metal. Running her hands over the bands and shields she was amazed at the way it seemed to mold to her body and how tightly it seemed to fit her. Despite her best efforts she couldn’t even slip a finger between the shield and her skin. She really wasn't going to have any orgasms unless Alys allowed it. That thought only served to arouse her more. She quickly removed her hands at the sound of approaching footsteps and looked up to see her mistress return with a length of rope. Declining to comment on the change of position, the tattooed brunette silently offered her slave a hand and Ophelia was pulled to her feet and once more taken back to the center of the room. Sizing her up, Alys draped the rope around Ophelia’s neck and swiftly bound her chest in a snug breast harness before circling behind her. Taking one hand, and then the other, she secured both of her slave’s wrists together and to the trailing ends of the harness, locking the girl helplessly into a loose reverse prayer position. With a grin, and allowing her fingers to brush against the pale skin of Ophelia’s hip, Alys circled the bound woman and dropped down to one knee so that she could unlock and remove the chastity belt. Carefully inspecting the flesh underneath she was pleased to note that despite some redness and lines pressed into her skin, which some gentle rubbing erased, Ophelia did not seem to have suffered and problems. No irritation or serious chafing, although it would probably take several weeks or months before she had completely adapted to it. Satisfied with her inspection, Alys stood and at last removed the gag.

Again, Ophelia coughed a few times as the large plug was freed from her throat, then licked her lips, working her jaw to ease the discomfort, “Thank you, mistress.”

“Are you hungry, thirsty?” Alys asked.

Ophelia shook her head, “No, mistress.”

“Good, good,” Alys noted with an absent nod, “because I have one more thing I want to show you before the day is done.”

With that, Ophelia watched as Alys pulled the very last item out of her backpack and wet her lips for an entirely different reason as her mistress slowly tightened the new strap-on around her hips, moaning softly as the pair of attached plugs slid deeply into her body. Taking the impressively sized dildo in hand, Alys signed, then moaned as she began to stroke it, as if masturbating, before beckoning with a finger as she sat back down on the couch and spread her legs. As if mesmerized, Ophelia followed, kneeling between her mistress’ legs as Alys continued to stroke the toy.

“This isn’t an ordinary strap-on.” Alys announced, “In fact, it’s very special. You could probably guess that the plugs are vibrators, but it's much more than that. There are pressure switches inside the dildo itself, very sensitive ones that adjust the amount and intensity of the vibration depending on the,” she hissed as she squeezed the silicone cock tightly, “amount of stimulation. I’ll feel everything you do.”

Ophelia could only stare.

Alys chuckled and cupped the girl’s cheek, tracing the curl of her ear and the rings pierced through it, “That was pretty much my reaction when I first got fucked with one of these things. Does it shock you to know that your mistress occasionally plays the sub?” There was no answer, but she didn’t expect one, “But in your case, it's a good thing we got rid of that nasty gag reflex.”

This was… new. She was quite familiar with oral sex, giving and receiving, but of a decidedly different sort. The art of the blowjob was not one that had ever found cause to study and Ophelia hesitated for a moment, but impatient hands drew her closer and left little choice. Thankful that she was being allowed to proceed at her own pace, Ophelia began to kiss and lick the toy gently, the soft hmm from Alys indicating that her mistress either appreciated the efforts or was enjoying the show. Perhaps both. Emboldened, she began to lick up and down the length of the dildo before taking the tip between her lips, sucking and teasing it with her tongue. Alys’ breath caught in her throat at the sudden sensation and Ophelia chose that moment to dive in, taking the silicone member as deeply into her mouth as she could, running her tongue along its surface as she did so and swallowing to keep from gagging. Instantly she clamped her lips around the base, sucking as hard as she could as she drew back to again clamp the tip hard between her lips before repeating the process.

Alys moaned loudly, arching her back as she leaned backwards into the couch, tangling her hands in Ophelia’s hair as she urged her slave to go faster and deeper, almost surprised as the strength of the sensations echoing through her. Panting now, Alys had to fight to keep her hips still as Ophelia worked the strap-on very thoroughly, bobbing up and down in a steady rhythm. Eyes clenched shut she twisted and moaned and let out strange, half-strangled cries of pleasure as she was pushed ever closer to the edge. And just as suddenly she came, screaming out her ecstasy to anyone that could hear (at times Alys could not help but wonder what the neighbors must think) and pulled Ophelia down, hard, impaling the girl on the dildo and forcing her to deep throat the entire length. The young submissive let out of squawk of surprise and several choking sounds at the sudden action before she was able to relax her throat but Alys was oblivious to this, eyes still closed tightly and crying out as aftershocks assaulted her frame, the vibrators buried within her still hammering away at her flesh. At last, though, she had the wherewithal to release her grip and Ophelia immediately pulled away, coughing several more times as her throat was cleared and she struggled to catch her breath. The vibrators off now, Alys managed to gather herself and slowly opened her eyes, grinning down at her slave despite the shortness of breath.

Leaning forward she grabbed Ophelia’s hair again and kissed her before softly admitting, “That was more intense than I expected.”

Ophelia nodded her head slightly, “Yes, mistress. May I…”

Alys cut her off, “Would you like me to fuck you?”

“Yes, mistress!” she answered with, perhaps, more enthusiasm than she had intended and a nod that was almost frantic.

Alys just laughed and stood, pulling her slave along with her. Once again she was taken back to the rope dangling from the ceiling, but this time Alys released her from the reverse prayer only to bind her wrists together with that rope and pull it hard, jerking her into a strappado. Forced to bend over harshly to relieve that strain on her shoulders, Ophelia cried out in surprise and pain as her hips and sex were now fully exposed and very vulnerable. Biting her lip, she groaned under the pressure on her shoulders, but felt herself grown even more damp in anticipation.

This was it, this really was it.

“Spread your legs.” Alys commanded and the girl instantly obeyed, anticipation of release building in her chest and her loins. Wrapping her hands around Ophelia’s waist, Alys began to rub the toy against her slave’s sex, lubricating it to an ever greater degree. “Are you ready?”

Nodding almost frantically, Ophelia answered enthusiastically, “Yes, mistress!”

“Good, but remember, I never said *where* I’d fuck you.”

And with that, ignoring a surprised gasp, she slowly slid the dildo into the girl’s ass until it was fully sheathed. Crying out at the sudden intrusion, Ophelia then moaned, long and low, as she was filled only to jerk and moan even more loudly as Alys began to fuck her in earnest. Only the sounds of harsh breathing, the increasingly loud moans of the two women and the steady slap of flesh on flesh filling the air. The hands around her waist tightening almost painfully, Ophelia could hear her mistress’s cries of pleasure even as she began to twist in her bonds, bucking her hips against her mistress to intensify the sensation in the desperate hopes for an orgasm, a thin sheen of sweat covering her pale skin from her exertions. It felt wonderful, incredible even, to be taken so thoroughly, claimed so roughly, but it wasn’t going to be enough. She knew it wasn’t, she never had been able to have an orgasm like this, and the throbbing heat between her legs was only intensifying with each thrust. A sinking feeling began to grow in her heart, that she’d been tricked again and that her mistress had no intention of letting her cum anytime soon. At the same time Alys pace was growing almost frenzied, her breath harsh in her throat as she moaned under the intensity of the toys within her, her strokes harsh and irregular as she pounded her slave with abandon. Hands reached around to fondle the bound girl’s breasts roughly and Ophelia moaned at the sudden contact, twisting her head and clenching her eyes shut as she began to grind against Alys even harder.

Lost in her own world of pleasure, Alys scarcely noticed, the tightness of her slave’s flesh pushing the vibrators into overdrive. Eyes barely open and jaw tight as she fought down her climax, struggling to stretch this out as long as possible, she began to pump harder and harder, pulling Ophelia’s body back to meet each thrust. Sweat covering her own tattooed skin, breasts bouncing wildly and muscles growing tired from the repeated movements, she squeezed Ophelia tight with almost bruising force before thrusting forward with all her strength, the shattering cry of an orgasm filling the room as she did so. Refusing to stop, she redoubled her efforts, pumping her hips even faster, screaming in utter ecstasy as her climax passed that blissful point into a multiple orgasm. Alys wasn’t sure how long it lasted but, panting harshly now, and still twitching as her breath caught in her throat, she slowly released her slave’s helpless body, listening to the soft sound of the girl panting, before pulling out completely. Taking a moment to collect herself, aftershocks battering her flesh and fire still racing through her veins, the young mistress brushed her hair out of her eyes and ran a hand along her disheveled and still very frustrated slave’s back. Giving her ass a smack for good measure, making the girl jump slightly, she retrieved the chastity belt, eliciting a soft whine.

“Something to say, slave?” she asked.

Hanging her head, Ophelia could not keep a dejected note out of her voice, “I was hoping to cum, mistress.”

Alys considered that for a moment before holding the belt up, “What is this?”

Glancing back to look at her mistress, and with a sinking feeling that she knew where this was going, the pink haired girl answered, “A chastity belt, mistress.”

“And what is it for?” her mistress asked.

A soft sigh escaped her as she collapsed back into her bonds, held up only by the rope holding her wrists, “To keep me chaste, mistress.”

Still not quite finished, Alys stepped closer, “For how long?”

Eyes closed and head bowed, Ophelia practically whispered, “Until you say, mistress.”

“That’s right, slave.” Alys agreed, “Until *I* say.”

Ophelia sighed again and bit her lip as Alys locked her up, wincing softly as the belt was tightened and secured before the secondary shield was locked down. Her eyes flew open again when a ball gag was suddenly jammed into her mouth and strapped down. She protested as best she could, but Alys just patted her on the back, that damned grin more than evident in her tone as she spoke.

“You’re going to have that fire inside for a good long time, my lovely little bitch. So why don’t you spend the night here and cool down?”

And with that Alys gathered up the various pieces of bondage gear and retreated into their bedroom. Ophelia just watched her go, eyes wide and fighting the ropes, trying her best to protest through the gag, almost unable to believe what was happening. Surely her mistress wouldn’t leave her like this for the entire night?

Surely.

#### Chapter 3

She moaned, deeply, around the ball between her teeth and struggled against the padded cuffs securing her wrists to the headboard, but the inconveniences of her bondage were entirely secondary to Ophelia’s mind. Eyes closed tightly, she moaned again and spread her legs as she felt warm, soft and inviting hands slide across her body, fingers brushing as light as feathers over her painfully hard nipples as a dildo entered her and began to thrust slowly, oh so painfully slowly, in and out. Whimpering as the fires within her were stoked, but not sated, she furrowed her brow and bit into the gag even as she struggled desperately against her bonds. Yet the tempo never increased, always holding her just this side of the explosion of pure, blessed relief she *knew* was waiting in the wings. Making a noise of disappointment deep in her throat, she arched her back unconsciously and began to buck her hips against the source of her pleasure, seeking the orgasm that had so long been denied her.

It didn’t seem to matter.

She could feel the sensations growing, the fires within her blazing to a terrible intensity with each thrust of the toy into her aching flesh, and so she increased the tempo of her own thrusts in response, gyrating almost madly, harder and faster in an almost frenzied search for release. Yet maddeningly, like before, it didn’t seem to help. Eyes still closed, she began to pant in earnest, sweat prickling her skin as she tossed her head side to side, moaning and groaning deep in her throat, practically whimpering as muscles clenched and body shivered under the unrelenting assault. Not sure what else to do, she thrust harder, urging her phantom lover on, but it wasn’t enough, it was never enough. She was close, *so bloody close*, and yet her body refused to crest that final peak and let her loose into that waiting sea of purest pleasure.

‘*Please, please, please!’* she chanted in her frazzled mind, not sure who she was begging, ‘*Just a little more! Please!’*

A sharp pain suddenly flared and Ophelia’s eyes snapped open to find herself staring up at a very familiar ceiling. Blinking a few times to clear her eyes she quickly recognized that she was still lying on the bed she shared with her mistress, though she had lost her blanket at some point. A dream, it had been nothing more than a dream, if a particularly intense one. That truth almost made her want to cry. Sweat still prickled skin flushed from her exertions, her wrists were still cuffed to the headboard, a large ball gag was still filling her mouth and her nipples were still rock hard. And, of course, the chastity belt was still locked tightly around her waist imprisoning her aching sex from the world. There had been no phantom lover, no sex, no almost orgasm, just a far too real dream born of a feverish imagination and the sensation of the metal rubbing against her throbbing pussy as she’d rocked her hips in her sleep. At that revelation, Ophelia blinked away a few sudden tears then screamed in frustration, muffled though it was by the gag, and began to kick the mattress. It wasn’t fair! It just wasn't fair! If she didn’t have an orgasm soon she was going to go insane, she knew it!

After a moment of thrashing about, Ophelia forced herself to take a deep breath and relax. This was her reality now and she was just going to have to deal with it.

Still, she felt better after working *that* out of her system, but apparently the noise had attracted attention. A familiar form, skin still glistening from her morning shower and completely naked as she often was, entered the doorway. From her vantage point, Alys took in the sight of her helplessly bound and desperately horny slave while drying her hair with a small towel, but made no further moves. Ophelia just swallowed around the sudden dryness in her throat and stared at the sight, those perfect curves, that slim waist, pert breasts and the web of tattoos that covered paper-white skin all shimmering with a faint sheen of water. Damn it all, what was it about this woman that held her eye even after all this time? It wasn’t as if she wasn’t intimately familiar with her mistress’s body, but perhaps that was it. Alys was a sight she never got tired of seeing and hoped she never would. What made it worse this particular morning was that Alys seemed to realize it as well. Smirking, her lips rings glinting in the half light, Alys draped the towel casually over her shoulders in such a way that it didn’t cover anything, and began to stalk over to the bed. Not walk, not strut, but *stalk*. Like a lioness, or a tiger, each step was charged with dangerous, sensual power and imbued with feline grace. At times like this no one could doubt her status, her dominance. Ophelia would have wet her lips had the gag not been in the way.

Mounting the bed, the young mistress crawled on hands and knees until she towered over Ophelia’s body, leaning down so close that they could *feel* the heat of each other’s skin. Perched on all fours, offering the girl a clear, uninterrupted view of her full breasts, she slowly lowered her body until their nipples were just gently touching. Shifting slightly to elicit a soft moan from the tightly wound girl, Alys kissed the ball protruding from her slave’s mouth with a smile. Somehow, being gagged made Ophelia seem all the more kissable and the girl somehow seemed to agree as she moaned again at the contact, but Alys just leaned back to straddle her hips, denying her yet again. Grinning widely she began to softly trace the girl’s ribs and tease the sides of her breasts with her fingertips, eliciting soft shudders and sharp breaths as she did.

“Finally awake, I see.” Alys whispered, voice little more than a purr, “And it looks as if my poor slave was having some very *interesting* dreams.”

Ophelia just nodded tiredly.

“There, there,” Alys crooned, brushing away the last traces of her slave’s tears, “You’ve been a very good girl, and I think it’s time for you to have your reward.”

It took a moment for those words to pierce her consciousness, but when they did excitement shone in Ophelia’s eyes. She let out a shuddering breath of anticipation, accompanied by another moan, as Alys shifted down, letting her breasts glide along her slave’s taut stomach before using the key dangling from the chain around her neck to unlock the chastity belt. Moaning in desperate excitement as the thing was removed, somewhat awkwardly, from her prone body Ophelia could not help but sign contentedly as cool air reached her heated flesh, soothing her just a bit. She moaned again, even more loudly, and closed her eyes as Alys began to gently rub the red marks that the metal had left behind along her waist and especially on her hips, slowly massaging them from her skin, and yet, once again, seemed to avoid any more interesting places.

“No chafing, no sores, no rashes.” Alys commented, almost to herself, “Very good, my lovely little bitch, your body seems to be adapting just fine.”

It was the truth and, although it had only been a few days, Ophelia *was* much more comfortable in the belt. To be perfectly honest she wasn’t sure how she felt about that.

“Still,” Alys concluded, “a break is probably in order.”

With that, the brunette set the belt aside and reached up to unlock the handcuffs around Ophelia’s pale wrists with the key on the nightstand, but before the pink-haired girl could even consider enjoying her freedom, she found herself quickly rolled onto her stomach and her wrists once again cuffed behind her back. She protested through the gag, but Alys ignored her, clearly having something else in mind.

“There we are. Now come along, I have a surprise for you.”

Grabbing hold of Ophelia’s collar, the young mistress pulled her slave off the bed and onto her feet. Standing somewhat unsteadily, Ophelia struggled to regain her balance before Alys took a handful of bright pink and blonde hair, eliciting a cry of surprise from the tightly gagged girl, and began to lead her down the hall into their playroom. As always it was perfectly tidy, various pieces of bondage gear in the cabinets and dressers, their ever growing collection of fetish clothing tucked away in the closet, and various ropes and chains dangling from the hooks on the ceiling. Everything ready, everything prepared. Of course, Alys already had a bag of goodies set up, which made her feel somewhat like a demented and kinky Santa Claus as she guided her slave into the exact center of the room, forcing her to stand on a rough patch of floor. Ophelia winced slightly as the grains of uncooked rice, a perennial favorite for foot torture, bit into the sensitive soles of her feet. But even then her eyes started to lose their focus slightly as she readied herself for what was to come. Silently, Alys went to work, first shifting Ophelia’s cuffs to the front before securing them to the ceiling, pulling the rope tight to make sure the girl was perched on the balls of her feet, suspended vertically from her wrists. Grinning slightly at that tantalizing sight, Alys wet her lips for the show that was to come, quite literally, for she *always* kept her promises, and reached into the bag to pull out a Hitachi. Presenting the vibrator proudly, and grinned wickedly as Ophelia’s eyes widened, she positioned the magic wand between Ophelia’s thighs, pressing it tight to the girl’s dripping sex before closing her legs to hold it in position.

“Now pet, hold on to that.” she said with a peck to the cheek.

Ophelia immediately did as commanded, anticipation already building in her chest and, of course, her recently freed pussy. Returning to the bag for several rolls of black vet wrap, exactly what she had used to partially mummify the girl a few days ago, Alys began to tape Ophelia’s legs together, practically welding the girl’s lower body into a single mass. Paying special attention to make sure the vibrator was secured between those firm thighs, she alternated the wrappings, crossing them carefully to make sure that Ophelia’s sex and her perfectly proportioned, and wonderfully pale, ass were fully exposed. Pausing only a moment to check the vibrator’s position, and press a soft kiss to the helpless girl’s eager clit, she continued wrapping, encasing Ophelia’s slender torso and crossing the bandages once again in such a way as to leave the young woman’s breasts, and her hard, pierced nipples available for whatever her mistress might choose to do with them. The last stage proved to be the most awkward, however, finding some way to wrap Ophelia’s arms while leaving her head uncovered. She wanted to make sure that the lovely expressions on that even lovelier face were on display for all the world to see. Still, it took a lot longer than she would have liked, but Alys eventually managed it and when she stepped back to look at the helpless mummy dangling before her and moaning through the massive gag she could only smile.

Oh yes, this was perfect.

Nodding in satisfaction at a job well done, Alys stepped aside to select some appropriate clothing, leaving the poor girl dangling there, shivering with anticipation and drooling helplessly around the ball between her lips. Still, it was important to set the mood in a situation like this, to wait for the just the right moment, letting the excitement and anticipation build to an appropriate crescendo before applying the master stroke. Taking her time, Alys tossed the towel still around her shoulders aside and slipped on a pair of fishnets stocking as well as one of her favorite black thongs. Perusing the closet for a moment, passing by various pieces of fetish gear, she shook her head and turned away, deciding that the bare essentially best matched her mood. Pulling on a fishnet shirt and slipping in to a pair of high heels to complete the ensemble, she chose to draw out the torment just a little bit more by taking a seat at the old dresser, in full view of Ophelia’s helplessly bound form, and proceeding to fix her mostly dry hair and apply her makeup, carefully painting her lips a deep red that was almost black in this light before shading her eyes and outlining them with a pencil. It wasn’t perfect, but it would do. Satisfied, she winked at herself and gave the mirror a kiss before turning her attention back to Ophelia’s mummified and eager body.

Fondling the girl’s breasts, teasing beautifully long moans from her tightly gagged mouth, Alys pressed another small kiss to Ophelia’s lower lip, nipping one of the two rings as she did so, before slipping behind her slave, trailing her hands down the tightly wrapped form, letting the girl’s moans guide her. Reaching for the leather strap on the dresser behind her with one hand, Alys leaned forward and whispered, “Are you ready, pet?”

A frantic nod answered her, and with that Alys reached around with her free hand to activate the vibrator, it’s dull buzz and the harsh intake of Ophelia’s breath filling the room before her body arched against the sensations and she moaned, long and deep as pleasure so long denied flooded her. For a handful of moments Alys just let her slave enjoy the sensations before pulling the strap tight between her hands with a wicked grin. Muffled moans then became a muffled scream as Alys brought the leather strap down, hard, across Ophelia’s bare and inviting ass, leaving a darkening red mark. In response, the girl twisted against her bonds, jerking away from the sudden stab of pain, her entire body shaking as another, more sensuous, scream echoed on the heels of the first. Alys grinned and struck again, continuing the lashing, back and forth, one cheek and then the other, forcing the bound girl to twist left and right as she realized her slave had just had an orgasm, her first in two days.

Eyes wide and unfocused as ecstasy and pain intertwined in an impossibly erotic combination, heart pounding in her chest, and pleasure exploding between her legs, Ophelia was hardly aware of her mistress’ thoughts on the matter. The only thing she was aware of were the vibrations hammering against her most delicate flesh, the shards of welcome pleasure shooting through her veins along with the wondrous sting of leather against bare skin. It was all too much. Breath little more than a ragged pant while uncontrollable moans echoed from her throat, muffled by the massive rubber ball between her teeth, she just continued to fight and struggle and wriggle her hips to try and enhance the sensations, to urge on the blessed relief after so many days of frustrated torment. Tears leaking from her eyes and face contorted in ecstasy, she screamed again and again as climax after climax burst free, the sting of the lash only driving her on to greater and greater heights. It was overwhelming, and yet so incredibly good. Silently, before higher thoughts were completely swallowed by the rising tide of bliss, she hoped that her mistress wouldn’t stop.

Long moments passed as Alys continued to flog the girl, screams and moans filling the room as dark red welts blossomed on pale skin. Grinning ever wider and feeling her own arousal grow as those moans punctuated by screams continued to escape Ophelia’s throat, each one betraying the orgasms that were being ripped from the bound girl’s body. Pausing for a moment, Alys wound the lash around her hand and stepped around the wriggling form, idly tapping the rolled up strap against her hip as she looked Ophelia in the eye. The girl was flushed pink, almost as pink as her hair, as she drooled uncontrollably around the gag, droplets pouring down her chin to land on firm breasts heaving with each breath, pierced nipples proudly erect, while the bandages around her crotch were soaked with the evidence of the orgasmic release she was experiencing. Smiling slightly, Alys reached up and teased those nipples gently with her fingers, eliciting a shuddering moan as Ophelia bit down hard on the gag and threw her head back as far as she could, that little push enough to send another orgasm ripping through her helpless frame. Chuckling at how sensitive the girl was, Alys took her slave’s head between her hands and popped the gag loose, the ball sliding free without resistance. Panting hard, jaw incredibly sore for being gagged for over twelve hours, Ophelia struggled to get hold of herself, to bring her breath under control as she licked her lips clean, eyes lost in the sea-green gaze of her mistress.

Alys did not give her time to recover, “How many?”

It took a handful of heartbeats for the question to register, or for her to understand what it meant. It was hard to think, so hard to think, but when she did, Ophelia swallowed, managing to force out a response between pants, “Si..six.”

“Six?” Alys wondered aloud, “Now that, my lovely little bitch, is quite impressive. Do you like?”

Ophelia moaned helplessly, complete sentences beyond her at this point, as the vibrations continued to echo through her, “Yes, oh yes! So good, mistress, so good!”

The grip on her cheeks tightened slightly. “And what do we say?”

“Th… thank you, mistress.” she managed, shudderingly.

Alys grinned, almost pleasantly, “You’re very welcome, pet. Now, keep count for me.”

She barely had time to acknowledge the order before the pair of clover clamps that Alys had kept concealed *somewhere* on her person slammed down on the poor girl’s painfully hard nipples and Ophelia found herself both moaning and screaming as pain shot through her veins, pushing her that last bit over the edge and into another wave of ecstasy. “Seven!” she screamed, riding that jolt of forced, but welcome, pleasure. Seconds later, before she even had time to recover from the last climax, another scream tore itself loose from Ophelia’s throat as the lash struck out at her chest, first striking the left breast and then quickly across her right, back and forth in a lazy arc, shaking and twisting the clamps painfully with each stroke. Panting heavily, Ophelia closed her eyes, it was getting harder and harder to keep any semblance of control as pleasure and pain mingled together until it was all just a haze of sensations shrouding the brain. “Eight!” she counted, she didn’t dare not keep count, her training saw to that. She was cumming harder and faster now, a growing tingle of pain beginning to lance through her pleasure even as she continued to moan and twist and buck her hips helplessly.

Alys just watched once again, idly playing with one of her own breasts through the mesh of her shirt as she applied a little more pressure with each stroke, a little more force. With each strike, Ophelia jerked, long, shuddering moans and beautiful cries of painful pleasure escaping her throat as the soft mounds of her breasts bounced under each blow and her own frantic struggles, jostling the clamps and twisting sensitive nipples. Eyes squeezed shut, skin glistening, and the gag dangling around her neck like some demented accessory, Ophelia just moaned and panted and cried out with each strike, writhing helplessly against her bonds and straining against the bandages, though whether it was to escape or enhance the sensations, neither she nor her mistress could say. It was useless though, the strips of cloth binding her may as well have been bands of steel for all that Ophelia could do against them.

Obediently, though, she continued to count.

By the time they hit “Eleven!” Ophelia was flushed red, sweat pouring down her body, face locked in a grimace as pain began to overtake forced pleasure as her exhausted body was pushed to its limits. At “Twelve!” the girl screamed like a banshee when one of the clamps popped off, wrenching her flesh painfully. The second, heralded by an equally impressive scream, popped off at “Thirteen!” While at “Fourteen!” her entire body was shaking, muscles clenched and spasming as she tried to hold back her orgasm, pain now beginning to overwhelm pleasure as she was pushed past her limits into a whole new level of intensity. And once again she failed, screaming even louder than before as the relentless vibrator sealed between her thighs forced her past climax and into realms of sensation she had never before touched. At that point something seemed to break within her as yet another orgasm was torn from her body and Ophelia threw her head back and screamed, eyes clenched tightly and tears pouring down her cheeks. Breath ragged as she tried and failed to keep even the tiniest thread of self control, Ophelia gasped as she felt her mistress’s hand clamp around her throat, if gently, and again she was forced to meet the taller girl’s gaze.

Biting her lip against the pain radiating from her much abused pussy, Ophelia forced herself to speak, “P… please, mistress.” she managed, in a small, shaky voice, “Pl… please, no… no more.”

Alys seemed amused, “Now what’s this? You were begging me, *pleading* with me to let you cum, and now you don’t want to?”

Ophelia drew a breath, “Please, mistress! It hurts!”

Alys tsked, “Oh?”

Struggling to hold back yet another growing orgasm, Ophelia let a note of desperation enter her tone, “My body’s on fire, mistress. It hurts, it hurts to cum. I can’t take it, I can’t…!”

Alys’ tone suddenly became stern as she cut her slave off, “You can’t stop it, can you?”

Almost panicking now, feeling the pressure building up within her, Ophelia struggled to speak, “N… no.”

“You’re completely helpless.”

Very close now her body tensed, muscles clamping as tightly as spun steel, “Y… yes, yes mistress!”

Alys’ hand found a breast and squeezed, almost painfully, “And who owns this body?”

Clenching her eyes shut and struggling not to moan as she forced the orgasm down, or tried to, Ophelia practically gasped, “You do, mistress! Everything belongs to you!”

Ophelia’s eyes suddenly went wide, her building orgasm momentarily forgotten as the gag was slammed between her lips once more, silencing her. Grinning softly, voice quiet yet intense, Alys practically purred, “That’s right, pet. *Everything* belongs to me.” Her hand dropped down and Ophelia’s eyes went even wider as her most intimate piercing was pushed up against the head of the vibrator, the sensations on her aching clit seeming to double as the vibrations assaulted it from front and back, “You’re done when I say you’re done.”

Alys ignored the girl’s wide, pleading eyes as she stepped back and lifted herself onto the dresser, resting her hands on her thighs and leaning forward with a cruel half-smile twisting her lips. Letting out a tortured moan, Ophelia closed her eyes and began to fight her bonds with renewed vigor, biting down hard on the gag as she tried in vain to resist the onslaught of orgasms. The girl’s eyes suddenly shot open as she screamed, twisting violently as her body spasmed with a potent combination of pleasure and pain. Painful pleasure or pleasurable pain? It was impossible to know. Wetting her lips with the tip of her tongue, Alys slowly lifted her shirt to slide a hand beneath the thin layer of cloth shielding her sex. As Ophelia’s body began to shake yet again, muscles trembling, face locked in a grimace of concentration as she bucked her hips to try and dislodge the vibrator, Alys began to slowly stroke her most sensitive flesh, biting her lip to contain a moan. When Ophelia screamed for a second (or seventeenth) time, her bound body almost convulsing under the onslaught, Alys began to masturbate in earnest, unable to hold back any longer.

Ophelia could only watch helplessly as her mistress began to slowly pleasure herself while the vibrator inexorably ripped orgasm after orgasm from her already exhausted body and throbbing sex. Her breath quickened until she was practically hyperventilating as she could *feel* yet another orgasm building within her and, unable to help herself, began to cry in earnest, sobs and pleas lost beneath the gag and her mistress’s own hard breathing. Indeed, Alys seemed almost unaware of her slave, eyes closed as she pleasured herself, free hand roaming across her nearly naked flesh as she did. There was no moan this time, just a shuddering, broken scream, muffled though it was by the rubber ball in her mouth, as a painful jolt exploded between her legs and in response Ophelia pulled against her bonds so hard that she actually managed to lift herself off the floor slightly. Not that it helped. She was only barely aware of the pain on her feet as she landed again on the grains of rice, though in the back of her mind she was grateful for the padding on the cuffs, otherwise her wrists would likely be bruised and bleeding by now. All of that was lost, however, when she could feel yet another climax pulsing deep within her flesh rising fast on the heels of the first and she began to panic. Never before in her life had Ophelia cursed being multi-orgasmic, but here and now, with this relentless vibrator taped between her thighs tearing climax and after climax out of her in a never-ending string, harder and harder, faster and faster until she felt as if she might die, she cursed long and loud.

Not that anyone could hear.

The tremble started in her knees this time, but it quickly spread through her body, slowly traveling up her legs until it seemed as if she was having a seizure of some type. Ophelia paid it little mind, far more concerned about the monstrous orgasm trying to break free. Tears leaking down her cheeks, she screamed and yelled, pleading with her mistress for mercy through the massive gag silencing her, but Alys didn’t seem to hear, too lost in her own world. The girl felt her concentration shatter then as *it* happened. Something truly seemed to break within her at that moment and Ophelia threw her head back, eyes wide and mouth locked around the ball in a silent scream as she came, hard, harder than she could ever remember cumming before. For a spit second she felt almost numb, then the calm before the storm passed and she found her voice. Screaming in a terrible mix of agony and ecstasy, louder than she had ever screamed before, loud enough to put the proverbial banshee to shame and hurt her throat with its intensity. Loud enough to drown out the accompanying cry of pleasure as Alys reached her own peak. Literally feeling her eyes roll back into her head under the onslaught, Ophelia’s vision grew blurry as she spent a few awful seconds locked in that pose before her body simply seemed to let go and collapsed in its bonds, dangling like a helpless marionette.

Afterwards she would have sworn she passed out.

It did not last more than a few seconds though before she awoke once more and with awareness came fresh tears, of relief this time rather than pain as the vibrator had at last stopped its relentless assault and soft fingers cupped her chin gently. Despite it all she managed to smile a little as her mistress held her like that and popped the gag free from her aching mouth for the last time. A crushing kiss replaced the rubber ball before she even had a chance to speak and Ophelia closed her eyes as she let the kiss wash over her, taking comfort in this simple act, relishing this reassurance of her mistress’s love as she took in the woman’s familiar, comforting scent and taste.

When their lips at last parted she didn’t dare to open her eyes, but did dare to speak, whispering with a raspy voice and a throat sore from screaming,“Please, mistress… Please! I don’t want to cum anymore.”

Those lips gently touched her forehead and Ophelia finally opened her eyes to find herself face to face with Alys’ own sea green gaze. A gentle smile touched the young woman’s lips, although that twinkle of mischief was still bright in her eyes, “You won’t have to, I promise.”

Feeling more tears build in her eyes, Ophelia let her chin drop to her chest, muttering, “thank you,” over and over as she felt nimble fingers begin to unwrap her, slowly removing the bandages from her flushed and sweaty skin, cool air raising goose bumps all over her flesh. When her lower body was finally unsealed, she breathed a sigh of relief that she could at last spread her legs and rid herself of the vibrator, though she did flinch slightly when Alys’ fingers brushed between her legs, inspecting her curves and folds for injury. She was sore, but it wasn’t that bad, not really, and Ophelia could remember some truly wild, truly passionate nights where she had been left in worse condition. *That* made her smile. Now that it was over, she could admit that after days of teasing, of being taken to the edge again and again by skilled fingers then held there by cruel chastity, the overwhelming release *had* been welcome. A bit *intense*, perhaps, but intense was good, if a bit painful.

Of course, the pain had only made it better, the grand truth at the core of herself and her relationship with Alys.

The soft clink of metal drew Ophelia’s attention out of her thoughts and back to the here and now. When she looked up, the young slave felt her eyes widen and a pit form in her stomach, previous comfort washed away by what she saw. With a very *pleased* smile her mistress was standing before her, holding the familiar form of a chastity belt and its padlocks in both hands. More than that, the device seemed as if it had *gained* a number of additions recently. Namely a pair of stainless-steel plugs attached to the shield. A rather large dildo composed of stacked metal spheres and a much smaller, if still thick, butt plug. She had spent time with plugs locked inside of herself before, but this… This would be new. She looked up to meet her mistress’ eyes and saw amusement there.

“Now, pet, you know I *always* keep my word.” Alys reminded her, smile growing into an almost smirk, “And now I *promise*, you’ll never cum again.”

---

Twirling a pencil between her fingers while reclining back in her chair, idly twisting back and forth as she focused on nothing at all, Ophelia just sighed and pushed the, admittedly pleasant, memory aside. It had been a week since her plunge into more or less permanent chastity and often she found herself thinking about little else. Life with Alys was always an adventure, which was part of what had attracted them to each other in the first place, but this adventure was proving to be remarkably intense. More intense even than submitted to the woman she loved in the first place, and that was rather remarkable. It was also rather remarkable, as she stopped to think about it with a tiny smirk, that she was managing to have such a fantastic sex life without actually having sex. Especially if Alys’ comments on her much improved oral performance were any indication. Her mistress had been right, somehow chastity did seem to improve her… talents and she could not say she wasn’t a bit proud of that fact. Letting a hand rest on her stomach, feeling the waistband of her chastity belt through her shirt, Ophelia just sighed again. She was more used to the thing now, but some days, like today, she was simply too distracted to actually focus on anything else. So, rather than doing something unfortunate in class, like screaming or suddenly hammering on her crotch with a fist, she had simply ducked out early and, after locking herself in a bathroom and trying desperately and unsuccessfully to masturbate, had retreated back to their apartment to try and take her mind off things with marginal at best results.

*‘Be careful what you wish for.’* she chided herself, *‘I don’t want to cum anymore? What was I* _**thinking***_?’*

Of course, Ophelia had to laugh a little bit. She had never, ever regretted promising anything to her mistress, and she wasn’t about to start now. It wasn’t as if this was truly a surprise, not really, they had been crafting and discussing this particular fantasy for a long time. And she *had* been looking forward to it, a chance to challenge herself in a new way. It was simply that the exact *when* of the belt’s arrival had not been made known to her though, as Alys had said, it *was* meant to be a surprise of sorts. Still, if she was being honest with herself it wasn’t as if she hated this. Perhaps it was her submissive streak, or the thread of masochism that ran through it, but despite the frustrations or perhaps because of them, in the time she had been acquainted with her chastity belt Ophelia had been surprised at how much she enjoyed it. As her mistress had pointed out on that fateful night, she liked teasing and denial, and the way the tight metal embraced her body was simply… indescribably incredible. The massive plugs that seemed to fill her to capacity didn’t help matters, shifting within her at the tiniest of movements, teasing with each step, with practically every breath, and that was not to mention the last devious little device that her mistress that… introduced her to the previous night.

Letting a finger trace the zipper of her jeans, and feeling the metal underneath that imprisoned her loins, Ophelia considered the tiny wire clip coated in soft rubber that her clit rode in like a stirrup. The *things* that little monster did to her were almost unbelievable. The torment, the frustration, constantly riding the ragged edge of pleasure without ever crossing over into the sea or release she knew awaited just a short step away. Yes, *that* was the reason for today’s special frustrations, and the walk home had been… intense to say the least. She knew, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that it was going to take a *very* long time to get used to that, if it was at all possible. Not that she wasn’t going to get the chance to try, of course.

It was bliss, and it was hell, all at the same time.

But if she really stopped to analyze it, and Ophelia tried not to get into the habit of lying to herself about things like this, she suspected that a large percentage of her enjoyment was from the complete and utter lack of control over her own body. Surrendering herself to Alys had been one of the most erotic, not to mention enjoyable and fulfilling, things she had ever done in her life. And now, with the chastity belt in place, her ownership, her *submission,* not just symbolic but utterly real, Alys had complete control of her now. And the truth was that Ophelia relished it. And *that*, to be perfectly honest, was precisely the problem. The more she enjoyed chastity the more frustrated she got, the more frustrated she became, the more she enjoyed it. It was a magnificent paradox. A wonderfully torturous cycle. Proof that Alys knew her so very well indeed. Idly tracing the edges of the chastity belt again, Ophelia smiled softly. If nothing else, the future was going to be very interesting indeed.

Letting out a breath she hadn’t even been aware that she was holding, Ophelia set the much abused pencil down and glanced over the papers covering the battered old desk in the makeshift office that she shared with her mistress. It was an old habit that she had picked up in childhood, the artistic part of herself seeking to banish her frustrations onto paper. Given the exact… nature of today’s frustration, the roughly sketched figures produced this afternoon had taken on a rather erotic tone. Shaking her head at the various scenes she had sketched, Ophelia quickly brushed them into a loose stack and set them aside before leaning back even further. While she normally found art to be rather relaxing, today it just wasn’t working. Worrying her lip for a moment, she seemed to reach some sort of decision and slowly peeled off her shirt, tossing the garment aside casually without care. The cool air felt good on her skin as she gently began to trace her own ribs, exploring the few places where the tattoos on her back arched around her sides. Clad now only in her jeans and a bra, the chastity belt fully visible around her waist, Ophelia cupped her breasts through the lacy material covering them. Moaning softly as her fingers brushed across already hardened nipples, she slowly ran her hands down the smooth, pale expanse of her stomach before settling on the belt once more.

The steel, she noted, was no longer cold.

Closing her eyes, letting touch be her guide, she traced the smooth, slim outlines of the waistband, memorizing every curve and edge, tracing the plate where the various bands hooked together and outlining the small brass padlock that sealed her in. Eyes still closed, and feeling a pulse of anticipation within her loins, Ophelia slowly unbuttoned her jeans and began to open them, exposing more and more of the chastity belt as she did. Letting her fingers slide down the stainless steel, following the edges of the primary shield before tracing back up along the sides of the smaller secondary shield, feeling the numerous tiny holes punched into it. At last her fingers brushed against the locking stud and the second, smaller padlock that completed her imprisonment. She moaned again as she shifted her hips slightly, the various devices locked upon and within her sending a trill along exhausted nerve endings to race up her spine. The reality of her chastity belt was impossible to deny, it never truly allowed her to forget its presence, but even so it still felt odd to run her hands between her legs and feel only metal just a hair’s breadth above her aching flesh.

She doubted she would ever get used to that.

A pair of hands suddenly cupping her breasts from behind made her gasp, eyes snapping back open instantly, only to slide closed again with a moan as fingers began to knead her flesh knowingly. Hair brushed across her bare shoulder and a soft breath hissed past her ear before soft lips, and hard teeth, nipped the lobe gently and an achingly familiar voice thick with amusement seemed to envelop her, “Is my naughty little slave playing without me?”

“Y… yes, mistress.” Ophelia managed before another moan swallowed her voice and her bra was pulled down, hard nipples tensing even further upon contact with the cool afternoon air.

Her chair was suddenly spun around and Ophelia opened her eyes once again as the taller, curvier girl settled into her lap, Alys’ open blouse exposing her own nude torso. Bodies dovetailing together, her smaller breasts almost crushed beneath her mistress’s larger pair, Ophelia moaned again as those hands cupped her face and brought their lips together in a kiss. Soft at first, but slowly growing in intensity as time passed. Hands limp at her sides, she allowed herself to be dominated by that kiss, had had no choice really as their lips crushed together while tongues dueled, their piercings occasionally catching against each other.

She actually whimpered as that kiss broke and yet another soft moan escaped her throat when their bodies parted and Alys’ hands dropped to her breasts once more, fingers drawing lazy circles on her skin, almost but not quite a tickle. Lost between the wondrous sensations filling her chest and the accompanying throb between her legs, it took a moment for Ophelia to realize that her mistress was talking.

“You look frustrated.” Alys commented, the faintest note of concern underlining the amused tone of her voice “Any problems?”

Brain clouded with frustrated pleasure, it took a moment for the deeper meaning behind those words to penetrate, but when they did Ophelia’s eyes almost went wide at the realization. Lost in the fantasy she had almost forgotten the truth of what this was. This was her chance, *the* chance, the chance to say no. It was the power she had, it was the power she’d always had in their relationship. The power to decide whether or not to continue. The power, simply enough, to say no. Gazing deep into her mistress’s sea green eyes for several more heartbeats, sensing just a trace of uncertainty there, Ophelia smiled, knowing in her heart that she had already decided, and wrapped her arms around the taller girl’s neck, pulling their lips together for another kiss. Taking charge, just this once. But just before their lips could touch, she whispered her answer, so softly that no one else could have heard it had they been in the room.

This was for Alys and Alys alone.

“Frustrated, yes.” Ophelia admitted, softly, “But I like it.” Yes, she realized as she smiled even more widely, the decision was already made but only here, and now, affirmed. “So please, don’t ever let me go.”

At the sudden light in Alys’ eye, and the intensity she felt as her lips were buried under the eagerness of the second kiss, Ophelia knew that she had made the right decision and that her mistress was only all too happy to oblige.
