---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A.P.P.I
authors:
- Armourer
tags:
- Machine-f
- capture
- gag
- insert
- enema
- wrap
- tape
- cocoon
- balltie
- reluct
- X
date: 2003-04-28 00:00:00
---

Automated Packaging Processes Incorporated, better known as A.P.P.I.
Invented, constructed and marketed the leading packaging technology on
the planet; their systems were the fastest and the most reliable. However
not always the cheapest. They tended to sell the bulk of their machines
to high technology component manufactures who needed products delicately
handled as well as companies that made surgical equipment that needed to
be treated hygienically.

APPI had a reasonably profitable business producing equipment for niche
markets. One of their latest devices was designed with under sea exploration
in mind; it could package artefacts under water preserving them against
damage from transportation, changes in pressure current etc. Allowing sunken
artefacts to be handled far better than any human. Ned Ramstien, the director
of special projects handled the manufacture of these one off machines.
Not only was he an expert with mechanical devices and chemical processes
but he had a very methodical mind. He could look at a problem take it to
pieces and come up with a very comprehensive solution.

Now the design brief he was looking at, was to put it simply was for
something quite kinky. The automated mummification machine that he was
being asked to design had absolutely no practical application outside of
a bondage club. However he was being prudish, he corrected himself his
company was being paid a large amount of money to build this thing. Looking
at the figures again, his percentage though small would make him some good
cash. He began to look through the design brief and plan how he was going
to build this machine. The project was code-named 'The AMM' so that there
would be no unwanted attention from other members of staff not in the loop.
It would take his team about a week to build this thing and a further two
to teach it how to do its job right.

(About a week later) Shirley was a very pretty woman tall blond with
huge breasts firm and pert. A tiny waist firm round buttocks clear skin
pouting lips, nice face short hair etc. She was also Ned Ramstien's clerical
assistant or secretary, she basically handled all the figures, logistics,
invoicing etc that came through the special projects office. While Ned
spent his time inventing and tinkering. Every one had gone home at APPI
except Shirley; she was working on the files for a project code named AMM.
The problem was that someone had left the files in the lab. Now normally
Shirley didn't go anywhere near the lab, she was the organisational brains
in the office but she wanted to do the paperwork. She just ignored the
warning signs and entered the workshop/lab looking for the files. She should
have paid attention.

The files were on the floor beside a machine, the machine was silvery
about 5 feet tall, cylindrical with many closed hatches. There was a red
safety line printed 4 foot around the machine. Shirley stepped on the activation
button without realising it, then she got close enough for the little sensor
dome to analyse her. Shirley was just bending down to pick up the files
when the machine activated.

Let the count down begin.

Two arms with padded clamps grab Shirley's wrists, popping out of compartments
from the machine, making the AMM look like R2D2's bigger brother. As they
pulled her upright a 3rd arm pops out and undoes the buttons of her shirt,
the same arm undoes her belt. As she is lifted off the ground a fourth
and fifth arm pop out of the machine. Attachments hook into her skirt,
panties, stockings and 3 inch heels and pull the lot off, her bra and shirt
following quickly. Shirley didn't have time to scream nor even to think.
Suddenly she was totally naked.

Total time elapsed 13 seconds.

The two arms holding Shirley's wrists spin round pulling Shirley's hands
behind her back and up into a reverse prayer position. An arm attachment
quickly wraps each of Shirley's fingers together, using shiny black tape.
Then at hyper speed the machine wraps her arms from fingertip to elbow
pulling her elbows together and thrusting her breasts out. The machine
then quickly wraps Shirley's arms from elbow to shoulder rewrapping her
elbows to wrists. At this point Shirley was very glad to have done gymnastics
for several years making this position only very uncomfortable, at this
moment Shirley was quite frightened she had obviously accidentally activated
something and was about to get packaged, but she wondered what the machine
was meant to do?

Total time elapsed 27 seconds.

The machine continues, a large arm of a special design comes out of
the machine something like a balloon is pushed into Shirley's mouth, it
begins to fill with a liquid pushing Shirley's tongue down and completely
gagging her. The mechanical arm seals the balloon when it can't expand
anymore, leaving Shirley with the taste of a large rubber balloon in her
mouth that she can't eject. Quickly the rubber mixture in her mouth hardens
to form a solid gag inside the balloon. The arm begins to travel down until
it reaches her vagina, Shirley's plugged again. This time the balloon is
different it has a ribbed texture that begins to get Shirley stimulated
as it expands. When she thinks that it can't get any bigger, the ballooning
plug stops expanding. The machine arm travels around behind Shirley before
she can work out what its doing, it does it. A different fitting from the
same arm begins to insert itself into Shirley. Her eyes bulge and she begins
to squirm. An enema is rapidly administered, then when she's clean her
ass gets plugged the same way as her vagina. This is beginning to make
Shirley fairly horney especially the attention to her ass and pussy very
stimulating.

Total time elapsed 1 min 23 seconds.

The machine begins to get ready for the final process, Shirley's been
held by two arms around her waist, different attachments to the same arms
that held her wrists. A wrapping arm begins at her feet by securing her
toes together. A hook attaches to this binding and Shirley is rotating,
the wrapping arm begins at her ankles then slowly moves up her body sealing
her legs together with a continuous role of shiny black tape. Then the
machine moves up her waist keeping the wrapping very tight. The machine
stops when it gets to her waist, the arms begin to reposition Shirley,
then it continues wrapping her up. The binding is so tight over her chest
and breasts that Shirley is having a little trouble breathing. Her breasts
are compressed but still quite visible. She's quite excited but also fairly
worried about what happens when the machine reaches her neck. A plastic
posture collar is the answer; similar to the ones used for neck trauma
it is fitted by the machine locking Shirley's neck in place. The machine
finishes covering Shirley except for her nose, then it completes the job
by wrapping her feet.

Total time elapse 2 min 34 seconds.

The machine was not quite finished yet Shirley found herself being forced
into a ball, legs bent, torso being pushed down. Finally when she couldn't
move any more a mechanical whiring could be heard, a strap was tightened
and locked keeping her ball tied in this manner, finally a note was glued
to her ass like a postage stamp proclaiming all her details and the exact
time in processing, then the machine went quiet. Leaving a completely horney
and gagged Shirley to do the only thing she could do, wiggle her toes a
bit.

Total time elapsed 2 min 43 seconds.

The arms retracted into the cylindrical machine hatches, closed the
machine and took on an unassuming guise as it powered down and switched
itself off. Leaving Shirley completely helpless. When Ned and his team
got into work the following morning they had a big surprise and even more
surprising they had someone quite willing to do some more product testing
for them.
