---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ton 80
authors:
- Normand
tags:
- MF
- F/f
- games
- bet
- x-frame
- bond
- bdsm
- flogger
- nipple
- toys
- semi-true
- cons
- X
date: 2013-02-03 00:00:00
---

Both she and Lisa were down to their panties. She knew Norm was stringing Drew along. He never played his A game with Drew. In fact, he said it was a pleasant challenge to lose convincingly. Not that he lost much. He usually beat Drew two out of three. Threw him the occasional bone as it were. But Drew was throwing well. Throwing better than she'd ever seen him throw. Still, Norm kept on him. Almost matching him point for point. Almost. He'd let him open up a decent lead.

Then Drew threw the ton 80, three trip 20s, not only closing the 20s, but racking up 120 points. Norm closed out the bulls and added 100 points of his own, but he had given Drew a lead, maybe a too big lead.

Or was this part of his plan?

They had come up with the game a few months back. Yes, alcoholic beverage were involved and they had eroded Lisa's normal prudishness, brought out the competitor in her. And she liked to compete. Give her a couple of drinks and she'd go into slut mode just like that.

Physically, Lisa and she were opposites. Lisa was quintessentially Chinese. "Flat" was the word that came to mind. Her face was kind of flat, looked a bit pushed in. Her small tits and small ass, combined with a thickish waist made her look two dimensional. Not that she was fat. If anything, she was thin, almost skinny. Just, well, flat. Not like herself.

She was Lisa's polar opposite: big boobs, a slim waist, but a belly that was unresponsive to countless sit-ups, and a big ass that would have made her look bottom heavy if it hadn't been for her chest.

For some reason Lisa and Norm hit it off - really hit it off. That was odd because they, too, were opposites. Lisa was a rigid, by the book type, my way or the highway type. Norm was, well, Norm. Why do something today if you can put it off until tomorrow?

But he toed the line around Lisa and she let her hair down around him. Then again, Drew was a bit stuffy and as for herself, well, she was a hippie. On reflection it seemed Norm and Lisa were the middle ground. So there you go.

Well, it was about a year ago that they'd started the competitions. Norm and Drew were playing pool and Drew was losing and Lisa, half way through a pitcher of margaritas, flashed her tits.

"Miss it!"

Of course Norm didn't miss. Was distracted, yes, but he made the shot.

And so it started.

And she had flashed her tits, too. Though it proved more distracting for Drew. They had dated, seriously dated in high school. But Norm had stolen her away from him. How they all came to be friends is anybody's guess. But Drew had never gotten farther than groping her under her sweater back then. So seeing her tits was a definite distraction. There were a couple of episodes a few years back where he got to see everything, play with everything, adult beverages were involved, as was rope and handcuffs and, well, other stuff, but that's water under the bridge.

The tit flashing thing kind of wore off, so they came up with strip darts. The game was cricket. The penalty one item of clothing per game - for the girls that is. The girl on the losing team. The winning team had to drink a shot. Given the fact she and Lisa were down to their panties, do the math: Ts, shorts, bras, panties, shoes, and socks. Everybody had had five shots ... not counting the beers they sipped.

And she had her own reaction to booze. She was a collared slave. She belonged to Norm. Belonged in a way Lisa and Drew would never understand. They were into kink, but they were a vanilla couple with a kinky habit. She was Norm's slave, his property, period, full stop, end of sentence. But a bit of a buzz put her into a difference mindset - a dominant mindset. Unlike Norm, she didn't pull any punches. When she and Lisa got into compete mode it was no holds barred. And so she was looking forward to strapping Lisa to the X-frame. Because that's what would have happened once Lisa lost her panties. Norm would win the next game and a naked Lisa would be strapped down and to the vibrator, er, victor would go the spoils. But now she was peeling off her own panties. And Lisa was whooping and clapping. She and Drew clinked shot glasses, tossed back their drinks. She gave Norm a wtf look. He just smiled.

They diddled for the middle and Norm won. She breathed a sigh of relief. He'd never lost a game if he won the diddle. He'd win this game, Lisa would doff her panties, then he'd win the next, and she'd get some up close and personal time with her girlfriend. Yeah baby!

But he didn't win.

Unbelievably, inexplicably, Drew threw a second ton 80! In all the games she'd watched, Drew couldn't buy a trip 20 if his life depended on it and here he was with back to back ton 80s. Hell! It was hard for Norm to throw them! WTF!

Lisa was clapping and squealing, dancing around her.

"Loser! Ha! Ha!"

Lisa wagged the shot glass in her face, she grabbed it and downed it. They weren't supposed to lose. Losing was for Lisa. It was the rule. Truth is, Lisa liked to lose, to be the naked, helpless girl - the center of attention, of course. But they hadn't lost.

She backed up to the X-frame, Drew fastened her wrists and ankles. Norm showed him how to adjust things and soon she was stretched out pretty tight.

Thanks, Master.

The good thing was Lisa didn't know diddly about BDSM. She had told her about their adventures in bondage, which amounted to a pair of fuzzy handcuffs, some rope and a few sex toys. They didn't even have a proper ball gag because of her TMJ. So when they lost at darts she would fasten Lisa to the frame and "spank" her with the toy flogger.

Lisa held up the large, black ball gag. She opened her mouth and Lisa pushed it in, wedged it behind her teeth. Then Lisa pressed the bllindfold to her eyes. As she did she caught a glimpse of two of the items on the table. The real flogger and the serious clamps.

Oh shit.

The pain, when it came was unbearable. It felt like her left nipple was being separated from her tit. She bit down on the rubber ball so hard she saw stars.

Oh fuck! Oh God! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Goddamnit, Lisa, the clamps are adjustable!

It was a good thing she was gagged, a good thing she wore the blindfold. It absorbed the tears. Then the searing pain came to her right nipple.

Oh God! Oh God! Oh god!

Her breaths came in ragged, shallow gasps. Gritting her teeth, clenching her fists did nothing. She'd just have to go with it. Eventually it would abate.

But it didn't abate. Lisa had turned the flogger on her. Obviously she had seen too many porn movies. You know the kind. The ones where the striker hauls back and makes full swing contact, yet leaves barely a mark. She could feel the marks. Not that she hadn't been struck that hard before. Honestly, she'd experienced worse on her trips to subspace, but at those times her brain was flooded with endorphens. And, yes, Lisa managed a few direct hits on her nipples.

\*\*\*

They were sitting on the couch, the gas fire glowed, they had one last nightcap in hand.

"I could have done without the clamps, but overall it was kind of meh." She wagged her hand. "Painful, but nothing to write home about. And someone really needs to teach her how to use a flogger."

"Yeah. The play flogger we use on her isn't quite the same thing."

"Yeah, no shit, er, Master."

He hugged her, kissed her hair.

"It was like she did all the right things, but did them wrong."

"She'll learn."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning I've been coaching Drew. The trip 20s? Not a big deal. Kind of makes him a one-trick pony. But I see more wins in his future."

"So you DID lose on purpose!"

"Excuse me?"

"Huh? Oh, sorry, you lost on purpose, right, Master?"

"Yeah. Yeah, I did. I coulda blown out the 20s early, but like I said, I've been coaching him, so I gave him a shot, as it were."

"Three shots by my count, Master."

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=585.0)
