---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/mind_diary_of_a_judicial_slave3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 642, Mind Diary of a Judicial Slave
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- F-f
- F+-f+
- fpov
- slave
- training
- anal
- buttplug
- toys
- bond
- straps
- remote
- climax
- electro
- oral
- tease
- denial
- reluct
- nc
- XX
date: 2026-02-01 00:00:00
---

### **Chapter Three - *Training to Please a Man_**_

_#### **Cycle 4378, Day 169_*

It has been over a month since my night with Master. I have seen him several times since then in the hallways here at the House of Burcroft, but I don’t know if he saw me. Perhaps I am insignificant to him. Besides, I am in training from the time that lucida wakes me in the morning until I stagger back to my bed long after darkness has fallen. I never realized there was so much to learn about being a personal sex slave.

The day after my night with Master, I was summoned to the quarters of Madame Loretta, the chief slave. She is a very imposing woman who stands almost as tall as Master. Her blue eye pearl and tattooed eye shadow proclaim her a permanent slave. But unlike other permanent slaves, she still has the hair on her head and between her legs. Both are bright orange. That, and something about her demeanor, proclaim her to be a very powerful woman.

As I approach, I see that her rope looks… different. It is properly braided and hangs down the center of her back, but the individual segments of the rope are also braided. The rope is a braid of braids. I quickly try to remember the rules for braiding a rope. They are very, very specific, but they say nothing about how the individual segments must be. Her rope is… wrong… but it is legal. Something makes me think that the braid is not the only thing about Madame Loretta which is wrong but legal.

Her eyes are deep blue– almost as blue as the slave pearl at the outside edge of them that proclaims her a permanent slave. Those slave blue eyes seemed to burn through me as she said, “I understand that you are almost a virgin.” Then she laughed. “But Karl says you have the heart of a slut deep within.” She laughed again and said, “We will bring that slut out in the open so that you can be a very happy slut slave.”

I gasped slightly, not because she said I was a natural slut, but because she had called Master by his first name. She must have understood my shock because she put her face right in front of mine and said softly and slowly, “Master Karl and I go way back. You will learn to please him properly because that will please me. If you do not please him, that will not please me.” She almost snarled as she said, “And you do not want to see me when I have been displeased.”

Then her face became almost scarily blank and her voice changed. I can’t really describe it, but it was as if there was a cold laughter in her voice as she said, “A new slave often makes many mistakes. Master Karl is very merciful. He will forgive your mistakes.” She then pulled back slightly and said very firmly, “I will not!”

“Yes Ma’am,” I sputtered in response.

“Close,” she said with a smile, “but when you speak to me it will always be, ‘Madame Loretta.’”

“Yes, Madame Loretta,” I said firmly. “I will remember that.”

She smiled at me and said, “We just might get along.” Then she pointed to a low, padded leather table and said, “Get up on the table so I can examine you.”

I had no idea what she wanted, but I automatically obeyed her command and lay on my back on the table.

“Raise your legs,” she said, and I did.

She stood between my legs and pushed her fingers into my cunt. I was surprised at how easily they went inside. She must have lubricated them while I was climbing onto the table.

“Squeeze my fingers,” she said firmly.

I tried, but was evidently not successful because she barked at me, “I said squeeze my fingers.”

“I’m sorry,” I almost sobbed, “that’s the best I can do.”

“Progo,” she said almost angrily.

“I don’t know what you mean,” I replied. I was truly sobbing now.

“Progo position,” she snapped.

I still didn’t know what she wanted and then an image of a Progo running across one of the fields outside the city flashed through my mind. I don’t know what planet the Progo was originally from, but it was brought here as a meat animal. It has very large hind legs and much smaller front legs. It spends most of its time bent over grazing on the grasses, but if startled, it can raise up on its rear legs and run in a strange bounding way. I rolled over and got on my knees and elbows.

I probably looked like a small Progo. I had never really thought about it before, but the Progo’s genitals are extremely exposed as they bend over to graze. That thought was erased from my mind as I felt Madame Loretta’s fingers probing my asshole.

“No tearing,” she said softly. She inserted two fingers and then spread them slightly.

“Very tight,” she said as I gasped. Then she added, “… too tight.”

She leaned slightly forward so she could look at my face and asked, “Did Master Karl use the Muntoo stick on you to loosen you up?”

The Muntoo is a very tall, very skinny tree that grows on the edges of the living areas where light does not penetrate except for a short time each day.

“He used a glass rod with a bunch of glass balls on it,” I answered and she laughed.

She held up a glass rod like Master had used on me and said, “This is a Muntoo stick.” She handed it to me and said firmly, “You will use it each morning on yourself before you report to me. Then you will insert a presentation plug to keep yourself ready at all times.”

I looked at her blankly and asked, “How do I…?”

“How do you what?” she replied sternly.

“How do I… use this on myself?” I finally said.

“You have a personal servant,” Madame Loretta said almost angrily. “You could have her fuck your ass with this each morning.” She paused and smiled before saying, “I think lucida would enjoy that.”

“I wouldn’t,” I replied quickly… perhaps too quickly. I tilted my head down so I was looking at the floor and said softly, “If it would prepare me properly for my Master, I would rather do it myself, Madame Loretta. Is that possible?”

She laughed and replied, “Everything is possible except fucking someone standing up in a hammock.” Then she laughed at her own joke. I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to laugh so I just kept my eyes cast downward and remained silent.

“On the floor,” she said firmly and I rolled off the table to stand in front of her.

“Knees” she said, pointing down at the floor and I dropped to my knees.

“Bend your knees,” she ordered and I started lowering my rear end toward the floor.

I suddenly gasped. She had set the Muntoo stick on the floor with its pointed end touching my rosebud.

“It’s lubricated,” she said flatly. “Push yourself down on it.”

I did and it began to slip inside me. After I had pushed two of the glass balls inside me she said curtly, “Back up one ball.”

I raised myself slightly and the heavy glass rod slid slightly out of my ass. She pushed down on my shoulders and ordered, “Down two, back up one, slowly and steadily. Keep repeating that until you feel the big shaft inside you. Then move on it ten times.”

I slowly did what she had commanded. When I got to the final big ball with the large shaft after it, I could feel my ass pushing against her hands as she held the Muntoo stick. I bounced ten times as she had ordered and then I heard her say, “Raise yourself up off the stick.”

I did and she pushed something heavy and slick into my hand.

“Now put this in,” she ordered almost harshly.

I glanced down to see what was in my hand and it was a shiny metal butt plug with a bright jewel of some sort on the outside. I pushed against my opening, but it didn’t want to go in. I was trying to figure out what to do when I felt a hand on top of my own. She pushed– hard– and the plug popped into place.

“If you can’t get that in place by yourself,” she said firmly, “ask lucida to help you.”

“Yes, Madame Loretta,” I answered, but I knew that I would bounce on the bedrail and drive it into my ass before I asked lucida to do something like that.

“Now let’s start with strengthening your love muscles,” she said firmly as she handed me a strange-looking dildo. It was a dull gray metal and was oddly shaped. The head was quite a bit larger than the shaft. It tapered down to a shaft about the size of a large penis.

“Shove that in and then stand with your legs spread,” she ordered and I quickly did as she said.

I was glad it was heavily lubricated as it went in, but then Madame Loretta said sternly, “Put your hands behind your head! Hold it in place with your cunt muscles!”

I tried. I really did. But it started to slowly slide out. She reached down and shoved it back up into me and ordered almost angrily, “Squeeze your muscles! Tighten up like you are trying to keep from shitting! Pull everything up!”

Madame Loretta can really be scary when she yells at you without raising her voice. My whole body was shaking slightly, but I did as she told me and tightened up everything down there. I was waiting for her to yell again when her face softened and she smiled at me.

“See,” she said softly, “you can do it. You just need to exercise those muscles and make them stronger.” She stroked me lightly on the front of my cunt and said, “Hold that up there for three minutes, then you can relax and let it slide out slightly.”

I watched the clock on the wall behind her. The first minute wasn’t too bad. I had to squeeze tighter and tighter during the second minute. The third minute was agony. I could feel the strange dildo starting to slowly slide out of me. Each time I would squeeze harder, I could feel it move back up just a little, but unless I kept squeezing as hard as I could, it would continue its slide down. Finally, the third minute ended.

“Very good,” Madame Loretta said smiling. Then her face got much harder and she said firmly, “Now repeat that five more times.”

When I looked at her totally scared, she said softly, “Wait six minutes between sets.” She chuckled and said, “And remove the weighted dildo between times.”

I smiled at her, which maybe wasn’t the right thing to do. She barked almost angrily, “And make sure you lubricate it thoroughly before you put it back in.”

With that she walked out of the room. I pulled the heavy dildo out of my cunt and sat back on the low table. The six minutes seemed to fly by, but the next three minutes were long, slow agony. By the time I got to the sixth set, my entire body hurt. I wasn’t able to keep the dildo all the way in my cunt, but it didn’t drop out. I was totally drained when the final three minutes were up.

Madame Loretta must have been watching me because as soon as I removed the dildo the final time she came back into the room. “You will do that three times a day,” she said firmly. Then she added, “And twice a day, you will report to the gym for physical training. Mistress Elaine will instruct you as to what exercises you are to do to strengthen and shape your body.” She chuckled and said, “We don’t want you to become muscular, we want you to become sexier.”

Mistress Elaine is actually an employee of Master Karl. But she is still a Mistress. Madame Loretta had lucida take me over to her as soon as I had wiped myself… and the heavy dildo… totally clean. It was somewhat difficult walking slow enough for lucida to keep up with her short hobble chain. The gym was actually a separate building with a long, enclosed swimming pool connecting it to the main house.

I didn’t know what to expect but Mistress Elaine didn’t look like any gym teacher or female body builder I had ever seen. She was almost thin, but in a curvy, very female sort of way. And she was wearing a white bikini-style swimsuit that looked like it had been painted on. I could see everything. She laughed when I stood in front of her. Then she said, “I’m not what you expected, am I?”

I looked down at the ground and said, “No, Mistress.”

“What did you expect?” she asked sharply, and I answered without thinking, “I was expecting the female equivalent of a muscle head.”

I gasped when I realized what I said, but she just gave a short laugh and said, “Master Karl said you were alarmingly honest.” Then she reached over and grabbed lucida by the waist and lifted her up over her head. She stood there with lucida trying to stay still above her and said, “Is this more like what you expected?”

“Yes, I guess,” I said, “but you are so…”

“Beautiful,” she said with a smile. “That’s because I know how to build up strength without ruining my body.” She set lucida down and said firmly, “And that’s what I am going to teach you. I am going to teach you how to become beautifully strong.”

Evidently becoming beautifully strong means doing hours of exercises with small weights, learning how to dance, running for miles, and swimming hundreds of laps each day. At least that was what it seemed like as she explained what was expected of me.

Then she told me that my mind and body needed to remember that I was trying to be beautiful as well as strong. I didn’t know what she meant and still didn’t understand when she handed me what looked like the elastic for a pair of panties. There was a waist band and leg bands but no fabric. In the front, the leg elastic and the waist elastic attached to a small triangular frame with a large bead in the middle of it.

“Do you know what an ergobattery is?” she asked.

“I think it is a battery that charges itself as you run or walk around,” I answered.

“Exactly correct,” she replied. Then she held up the triangular frame and tapped the large bead. “There is an ergobattery in there,” she said firmly, “and do you know what it powers?”

“No…” I said cautiously.

“Well, you are about to find out,” she answered. Then she handed the strange thing to me and said, “Put this on.”

I assumed it went on like a pair of panties and she didn’t say anything as I slipped it up my legs. When I pulled it all the way up, I realized that the large bead hung right over my clit and pressed firmly on it.

“Now do you know what the ergobattery powers?” she asked, lifting my head.

I felt myself blushing. After everything I had been through, I should have learned not to blush, but I still did. “It’s a vibrator,” I said softly.

“Exactly correct once again,” she said. “Three laps around the track to see if it is working properly.”

“Yes, Mistress,” I said and immediately started running. About half way around the second lap I started to feel a slight tingle. By the time I had finished the third lap my clit was engorged and I was having to work to keep my steps even.

“You will leave that in your locker here in the gym,” Mistress Elaine said firmly. Now you have another session with Madame Loretta before your noon meal and then you report back to me to actually start on your training.

I quickly put it and my small weights in a special locker with my name on it and started back to the chief slave’s quarters. I was walking slowly so that lucida could keep up. Mistress Elaine called out to me, “You will RUN between sessions. Slave lucida will catch up with you… eventually.”

I wasn’t sure I could find my way back to Madame Loretta’s room on my own, but I started running. Somehow I was able to make the correct turns and ended up back at Madame Loretta’s.

She told me to do my six repetitions with the weighted dildo. I didn’t know that I had muscles there, but evidently I do because they were aching by the time I was finished. The weighted dildo had slipped out only once. I thought that was pretty good, but Madame Loretta obviously wasn’t pleased.

“Let’s get in one session of orgasm control and then you can go to lunch,” she said flatly.

I had no idea what orgasm control might mean. Well, I knew it meant controlling my orgasms, but I didn’t have a clue as to how Madame Loretta planned on training me for that. It became pretty obvious when she rolled out a slut’s bull. I know there is some official name for them, but at the bar I used to go to once in a while, they were called the slut’s bull. Men would have their slaves, wives, or girlfriends ride them and take bets as to how long she could last. Basically it was a vibrating saddle sometimes with one or even two dildos sticking up from it. It vibrated like mad and rocked back and forth and forward and back. Sometimes a girl only lasted a minute or two before losing it and having an orgasm in public.

Once one of the girls in the office lost a bet of some sort and had to ride the bull. That was the first time I had seen it done. I remember being embarrassed for Beatrice because everyone in the bar was clapping and cheering as she rode naked on the slut’s bull. I never thought that I would ever ride one, but Madame Loretta said, “Get on,” and so I did.

There were no dildos in place, so I just sat in the saddle. Then Madame Loretta reached under the bull and brought up some straps from each side. There was a wide belt connected to one of the straps. She adjusted them slightly and wrapped the belt around my waist. Then with both straps connected to the belt, she pulled them tight so I was held tightly in place.

“We are going to start you off pretty slow,” she told me. “The programs will get more severe as you learn to control yourself.”

I just nodded my head. Then she said, “And lucida will be providing some extra incentive.”

She handed lucida a remote control and said firmly, “You press the red button when she has an orgasm and you hold it down for three seconds.” Her voice got really rough and she added, “If you press it before she has an orgasm or if you hold it down for more than three seconds, I will strap you on that bull and burn your ass off. Do you understand that!?”

“Yes, Mistress Loretta,” lucida sputtered back. I’d never seen lucida act afraid like that, but as I said, Madame Loretta can be really scary.

“Answer properly,” Madame Loretta said, sounding very, very angry, and lucida quickly sputtered out, “I’m sorry, Madame Loretta. I’m really sorry. I meant to say Yes, Madame Loretta.”

“I see we understand each other,” Madame Loretta said in a low voice. I wasn’t sure if she was talking to me or lucida, but I was glad that I had just gone to the bathroom. Otherwise I would have peed myself then and there.

She looked at me and said, “This will go through five cycles… unless that is, you lose control. If you lose control, that cycle doesn’t count. You will stay on that bull until you successfully hold off your orgasm until the chime sounds. Do you understand that?”

“Yes, Madame Loretta,” I said. My voice sounded a little shaky, but at least I got the words out of my mouth.

“What must you do?” Madame Loretta asked moving her face close to mine and again making me glad my bladder was already empty.

“I can’t cum until the bell rings,” I said. Fear had caused my voice to sound more firm, but inside I was shaking even more than before.

“And…?” Madame Loretta said ominously.

“And I have to do that five times,” I answered.

She didn’t say anything. Instead, she pushed a button or something on the base of the bull and it started humming. Soon the humming became a thrumming and the vibrations started flowing into my legs and my crotch. The vibrations got stronger and started feeling really good. In just a few moments, I knew that I was in trouble. I had no idea how long I had to hold on, but I was pretty sure that I wasn’t going to make it.

“Hey, passion mouse!” lucida said loudly. She calls me that when she wants to irritate me. I opened my eyes and she was holding the remote right in front of my face. I could see her thumb on the red button.

“I’m going to really enjoy shocking you,” she said with a smile. “I hope you scream the whole three seconds.”

I stared at her thumb. It was all I could see or think about. I knew that I was going to lose control and I knew that lucida was going to shock me. I was climbing the mountain. I was standing on the edge of the cliff. There was no way I could keep from jumping off.

“Do you want to get shocked, passion mouse?” lucida said. She was making fun of me. She knew I was going to fail and she was just waiting to shock me.

I knew that she could tell I was about to orgasm. I saw her thumb lift up slightly getting ready to press the button. In my mind I could see myself on the edge of the cliff. I was holding my body stiff, but I had to jump off. I had to let the orgasm flow through my body.

Then I heard her laugh. It was that slow, soft laugh she used when she watched other slaves get punished. Somehow I stepped back just slightly from the edge. But it didn’t last. I felt myself creep closer and closer. My body was leaning over the precipice. I couldn’t stop myself. I was going to… I was going to…

And then “Ding!” The bell rang and all the vibrations stopped. I had made it. I could let myself go. And I did. I screamed and thrashed and humped the saddle of the bull trying to get more stimulation so I could go even higher.

Finally my body came back down off the mountain and I opened my eyes. My fellow slave, lucida was standing in front of me grinning. “That’s one,” she said. “Only four more to go.”

I barely had time for a few deep breaths when the bull once again began humming. This time my body got ahead of me. It was as if I ran to the top of the mountain and threw myself off. My orgasm had barely begun when lightning struck the inside of my legs and my crotch. I struggled to raise my cunt off the saddle, but the shocks still seemed to go right inside of me. I screamed and yelled and called lucida every nasty name I could think of.

Then it stopped. “And that’s one failure,” lucida said smiling. “Still four more to go.”

I don’t know if it was my anger at lucida or perhaps at myself, but this time the vibrations didn’t overwhelm me. I wasn’t even at the top of the mountain when the timer bell rang. I just sat on the bull breathing heavily and waiting for the next round to begin.

“Three more to go,” lucida said brightly. Then, just as the bull started humming again, she held up the remote and added, “And maybe a couple times where I will have some fun.”

I glared at her. Or at least I tried to. The vibrations seemed to get a lot more intense a lot faster this time and I had to concentrate on slowing down my climb up orgasm mountain. I had my eyes closed and was doing a pretty good job at holding back when suddenly I felt fingers on my nipples.

“Ooohhh,” I groaned out and opened my eyes. Madame Loretta was stroking my breasts and tweaking my nipples. “You can do it, shishi,” she said firmly. “You can hold back.”

Then she smiled. It was a very wicked smile. And she said, “And if you lose control this time, lucida gets to push the button for six seconds.”

Her face became totally blank as she stood there massaging my breasts and pulling and tweaking my nipples. I could hear myself grunting each time she pulled on one of my nipples. For an instant, I could see Master’s face rather than hers and I almost lost it. Then I concentrated on her face and on how much she scared me and on how much six seconds of that torment would hurt.

When the timer bell rang, she smiled slightly and said, “I knew you could do it. You are a natural sex slave.”

I exploded in a very intense orgasm. When I finally came down, she was still standing in front of me. She raised her eyebrows and cocked her head before saying, “It’s always the quiet ones that surprise you.” Then she walked away.

“Two more,” lucida said. “Maybe I will still get lucky.”

“Maybe you won’t,” I said curtly. I was going to say something else, but the bull came to life and I had to concentrate on keeping the vibrations from setting me off.

I was doing a really good job. I wasn’t even rocking in the saddle. Then I relaxed… or got distracted… or something and boom, I started into an orgasm.

My groan of passion immediately became a scream of pain as lucida pressed the red button. This time I couldn’t even lift my cunt off the saddle. I don’t know if my legs were tired or if I decided to just take my punishment, but I sat on the saddle for the whole three seconds while the lightning tore through my thighs and my cunt.

“Two more,” lucida said flatly as the bull again began to hum.

This time I thought I was doing pretty well, but lucida suddenly yelled at me, “passion mouse! Do you want me to press this button?”

When I opened my eyes to look at her I realized that my body was undulating in the saddle. I was breathing really deeply and my breasts felt like they were on fire. I was right on the edge of an orgasm. It was only lucida’s thumb on that damned red button which kept me from popping off.

“Hold on, passion mouse,” lucida said firmly, “or I press this button and hold it for three seconds.”

I held on… at least until the bell rang. Then I let go and had a strong orgasm. For the first time in my life, I didn’t enjoy it. It was an orgasm, but it wasn’t really pleasurable. It was like it was some sort of task I had to finish.

“One more,” lucida said.

This time she didn’t even have to hold the button in front of my face. I waited for the bell and then let my body cleanse itself of the pent-up sexual energy. I slumped wearily in the saddle.

“It changed in your mind, didn’t it?” lucida asked.

“What do you mean?” I responded.

“Your orgasm became part of your duties,” she replied. “That changes everything. It means you can control it, but it also means that you aren’t giving yourself to your pleasure. You have to be able to still give yourself or Master will be able to tell. You have to control your pleasure without destroying it.”

I suddenly realized that lucida actually cared about me. She wasn’t being mean with the remote, she was trying to help me learn. Maybe she did get a sadistic thrill out of shocking me, but she also wanted me to properly learn to control my orgasms.

Madame Loretta began unstrapping me from the bull. “You two may go to your noon meal and then you have one hour to relax before reporting to Mistress Elaine.”

We went to my room and I lay on my bed. “I think I need a short nap,” I said to lucida.

“I know what you need,” she said as she crawled into bed with me. She began to stroke my legs and said, “What you need is to be able to give yourself to your pleasure so you don’t forget how to do that.”

“What do you mean?” I asked, but then I threw back by head and let out a deep groan as lucida’s tongue found my clit which was still engorged and very sensitive.

“No, no,” I tried to say, but very quickly all I could do was grunt as lucida’s expert hands and mouth took me to the very top of the mountain.

“Hold on,” she said firmly. “Hold on for me.”

I don’t know how I did it, but I floated at the very edge for many minutes while lucida licked and slurped at my cunt and played with my breasts. Then she pinched both of my nipples, said, “Now!” and immediately sucked my clit hard into her mouth.

I literally exploded. It was stronger than any of the orgasms I had on the bull. Slave lucida kept her fingers tight on my nipples and her mouth clamped on my clit until I finally stopped thrashing.

“That,” she said brightly, “is the difference between holding off out of fear or holding off for someone… like Master Karl.” She grinned at me and added, “And when you can fake that, you’ve got it made.”

By the time both of us had cleaned up and eaten we barely made it to the gym in time for my session with Mistress Elaine. Running with that throbbing stone against my love button had been hard enough in the morning, but it was pure torment in the afternoon. I almost drowned when I lost it swimming laps and had a tremendous orgasm in the pool. I was afraid Mistress Elaine would punish me, but she just said, “Madame Loretta will take care of that… eventually.”

The evening session with Madame Loretta added a new machine. After I finished my six repetitions with the weighted dildo and then five cycles on the bull, she had me push this big, soft dildo into myself. Then she told me that I was going to have to squeeze only where it shocked me. I was bracing myself for the pain, but it wasn’t that kind of a shock. Instead, it was a soft tingle about a third of the way up the shaft.

“Only squeeze where you felt the shock,” Madame Loretta said, “or you will get a punishment shock.”

I squeezed down on the dildo, but evidently I didn’t do it right because there was a single, intense shock that caused me to yelp.

“Don’t worry,” she said, “it will repeat twenty times so you will have the chance to get it right.”

I didn’t… not that first time. In fact, I got twenty punishment shocks and continued to get twenty punishment shocks every session for over a week. Then one day it didn’t shock me bad. I didn’t even realize I was doing something different, but after the tingle I squeezed and then it just gave me another tingle farther up. The tingles went all the way to the top of the dildo and then started again almost outside my cunt and I didn’t get punished once. Madame Loretta was watching me, as always. When I didn’t yelp at all, she smiled and said, “Now it will teach your cunt how to milk.”

I didn’t know what she meant, but then I realized that I was squeezing the dildo in a rhythmic motion from its base to its tip as if I were “milking” a cock in my cunt.

“You will learn to do that automatically when a man is about to spurt inside you,” she said matter-of-factly. “Not every woman can do it, even with the training. But you will master it. You will become the perfect personal sex slave for Master Karl.”

I was barely able to stay awake during the evening meal and fell asleep as soon as lucida and I returned to my room. It seemed like only moments later that she was slapping my ass and cunt with that soft flogger and telling me it was time to get up.

That same routine repeated itself everyday. I soon could see the muscles of my body becoming stronger and more beautiful. The muscles I couldn’t see were also becoming stronger. I could hold the weighted dildo within me without much effort even though Madame Loretta switched it for one that was heavier and wasn’t so large at the top. I could even milk it as I waited for the timer to ring.

The one thing that took much longer to improve was my orgasm control. But that wasn’t my fault. Madame Loretta kept adding things to the bull. First it was a dildo, then a dildo and an ass probe, then the dildo started wobbling and thrusting, and finally the whole bull began rocking and bouncing. Each time I got to where I could hold off my orgasms, she added something else. The last thing she added were two strange nipple covers that gave me mild shocks and even felt like they were suckling at my breasts. I think lucida liked those because she got to shock me a lot that day. She makes it up to me when we go back to our room, though, I think she likes the taste of my cunt because she eats me so eagerly.
