---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Undercover 2
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- Solo-M
- transform
- M2f
- undercover
- apartment
- F+-f
- new-life
- lesb
- naked
- tease
- kiss
- embarrass
- mast
- denial
- caught
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2017-09-29 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Undercover**](undercover.html))

**Part Two**

One nice thing about salads, Joey thought as he rinsed his plate and put it in the drainer. With salads, dishes were so much easier to deal with. Too bad laundry couldn't be so easy. Smiling, he turned away from the sink and moved into the living room.

In the three days since he moved in, Joey had grown quite familiar with his new apartment. Large, spacious, the apartment took up the entire third floor of the building. In addition to the living room and kitchen, the place boasted a pair of good sized bedrooms, two full baths, laundry room, pantry, and an small extra room set up as a gym. There was even a balcony. Entry to the building was through a single door in the front corner. Inside, just to the right of the door, was an elevator. On each floor, the apartment was reached via a door at the far end of the hall that stretched the length of that side of the building. This put the living room at the rear, while the bedrooms shared the front wall. Not a normal arrangement, as far as he knew, but he liked it.

Stepping onto the balcony, Joey gazed out at what lay beyond. The building, he'd quickly discovered, had been built at the edge of a small ridge. Below lay undeveloped land, a stretch of woods and meadows that stretched for several miles. To either side, he knew, the neighboring buildings lay several hundred yards away. Great for privacy, he thought, not so great for learning the secrets inside.

Staring out, Joey considered the reason he was here. To get to know the four women who lived here, to learn their secrets, and to gather evidence of any illegal activities they might be involved in. Not something he was used to doing. If not for the threat of numerous indictments hanging over his head, he would never have agreed to this job. Not to mention the other thing he'd agreed to, he thought, glancing down at his shirt, the fabric slightly stretched by the breasts beneath.

In a way, he could understand the reasoning behind his change. These women, apparently extremely paranoid about strangers, would never have allowed a man to move in, which meant it had to be a woman. He still didn't know how they'd changed him into one, but he sincerely hoped they knew how to change him back when this job was finished.

"Anybody home?"

Smiling, Joey turned away from the view. The women here followed an open door policy, one he saw no reason not to join. You never knew who would pop in, or when. Or how, he thought, seeing who his visitor was.

"Hey, Jo-Jo, how they hanging?"

Joey laughed. "Not as free as yours, Esmer."

Laughing, Esmerelda cupped her large breasts, causing Joey to shake his head. Since the first time the group had visited, he had not once seen her with anything resembling clothing. Not that he minded, of course. Trying not to stare at her lush body, Joey idly asked himself if there were anything resembling a straight line among all those curves.

"Dressing for comfort today?"

Glancing down at his baggy shorts and loose top, Joey shrugged. "Just didn't feel like having anything right up against me today," he replied. Especially, his mind added, seams in the most inconvenient places. Bad enough that his nipples were poking against even this loose material, not that the view in front of him helped that any.

"Nothing?" Cocking her head, Esmerelda pouted playfully. "Such a shame".

Joey shook his head. "Why is it," he asked, "no matter what you say, I seem to hear, 'and let's go to bed" at the end of it?"

"I didn't say that out loud," Esmerelda replied, her voice teasing. "Did I? It does sound like fun." Dropping her hands, she drew back her shoulders, thrusting her chest out proudly.

Joey felt his throat grow dry. Oh hell, he thought, if I were me... "So what's up? I thought you and Beth were going out today?"

"In a bit," Esmerelda replied, shrugging. In spite of himself, Joey couldn't help but watch as her breasts rose, then fell with the motions. "I'm just not in any hurry to get ready. Clothes are such a bother, really. If I could, I'd go naked all the time."

And the rest of the world, Joey thought, would have black eyes from walking into things. "What about the others?" he asked, wondering how she could turn any conversation into something sexual.

"Last I saw," Esmerelda replied, "Fel was on the phone with her accountant. And Rena's camped out on her couch, watching one of those soap box operas." She shook her head. "I don't see how she can stand those things. They're so boring."

"Besides," Joey said teasingly, "everyone has clothes on."

Esmerelda laughed. "Exactly. I knew you'd understand."

"What I don't understand," Joey said, "is how you can be so free with your body. I'm not sure I could be that way."

"Neither could I." Seeing Joey's eyes widen, she smiled briefly. "Everyone," she said, her voice turning serious, "thinks I'm some kind of slut, some kind of nympho. Ok, so I don't like clothes. And yes, I make it very plain when I see someone I'm attracted to. But I don't show my body to just anybody, and I definitely don't share it. Right now, there are only three people I want touching me." Pointedly, she gazed at Joey. "Though I'm hoping to make it four very soon."

"Oh?" Joey smiled. "Are you saying you don't want me touching you now?"

"Ok," Esmerelda said, stepping up to Joey, "maybe I spoke wrong. What I should have said was, there are only three people I want touching me who actually do." Grasping Joey's wrists, she drew his hands up until they pressed against her breasts. "So you got me on that one. Now, what are you going to do with me?"

In spite of himself, Joey felt his fingers curl, gently squeezing the soft, firm mounds. Somehow, he found the will to lower his hands.

"What's wrong? Don't you want me?"

"Want?" Joey couldn't help but laugh. "Want? Right now, there's nothing in this world I want more. Hell, nothing in this universe." Except, he thought, my old body. If I had that, I'd show you in a heartbeat what I want.

"Then why won't you?"

"Esmer, I..." Joey paused. "Esmerelda," he finally said, "I do want you. Just being this close to you makes me feel things I've never felt before." That much, at least, was true, considering the short time he'd had this body. "The thing, the problem, is that I like you. And, in spite of the fact that we only just met, I do care about you." Even as he spoke, Joey realized just how true his words were. Even so, it surprised him to know he could actually think this way. "I just don't want to ruin this by doing something you could wind up regretting."

"The only thing I could possibly regret about you," Esmerelda declared softly, "would be not doing what I know we both want to do." Slowly, she leaned forward until her lips touched Joey's

"Esmer, where are you? Have you even started getting ready yet?"

Leaning back, Esmerelda shook her head. "Saved by the Beth," she said ruefully. Reaching up, she softly stroked Joey's cheek. "Just think about it," she said, "please."

"I will." As if I'll be able to think about anything else for a while, he thought.

"Coming, Beth." Esmerelda grinned. "Although," she said softly, "I'd much rather be cumming. With you, that is." Turning, she slipped out the door.

"Damn." Reaching down, Joey touched the crotch of his shorts, pressing them against himself and feeling the dampness soaking through the material. "I have no idea what a woman feels when she cums, but I'm pretty sure I damn near found out."

"Hey Jo-Jo."

Quickly, Joey pulled his hand away from himself. "Hey Fel, what's up?"

Stepping into the apartment, Felicity gazed at Joey, her eyes quickly focusing on the large dark patch on his shorts. Seeing this, Joey felt himself blush.

"I take it Esmer was just here," Felicity said with a smile. "You know, Jo-Jo, you might as well just give her what she wants. She doesn't ask it of very many people. Besides," she added, her smile becoming a grin, "if you give in to her, maybe you'll stop keeping your distance from the rest of us. We've all grown fond of you, you know."

"But it's only been three days."

Felicity shook her head. "Doesn't matter," she said. "Some things, you just know. And we know you belong here, with us." Stepping forward, she locked eyes with Joey. "You know it, too," she said softly. Reaching up, she touched Joey's forehead. "You know it here," she said, then lowered her hand to rest between Joey's breasts. "You know it here." Letting her hand drop, she pressed it between Joey's thighs. "And you know it here. What I don't understand is why you don't just accept it."

Joey gasped softly. "Fel," he said softly, "please."

Nodding, Felicity stepped back. "When you're ready," she said, turning toward the door, "you'll let us know." At the door, she paused, looking back. "Just don't take too long, ok? Esmer can get a bit impatient when she wants something." Reaching up, she slowly licked her fingers, the sight forcing Joey to bite his tongue to keep from moaning out loud. "And so can the rest of us." With this, she vanished from view.

Alone, Joey struggled to slow his racing thoughts, only partially succeeding when he was interrupted by the ringing of his cel phone. Eager for any distraction, he grabbed up the phone, swiping the screen and holding it to his head.

"Hello?"

"Anything to report?"

It was Bert, of course. Nobody else had this number. "I'm in," Joey replied. "I've met the others, and I think they've all started to trust me."

"That's good to hear. As you know, we planned this to be a long-term operation. Still, the faster you can gain their trust, the faster you can complete the mission. Do you have access to their apartments?"

"Everyone here," Joey replied, "has access to everything." Fingering the dark patch on his shorts, he shivered slightly. "Well," he amended, "almost everything. If there's anything hidden here, I'm sure I'll be able to find it."

"Excellent. Do whatever you need to do. Hell, take them shopping if it helps. Just remember, our funding isn't infinite, only almost. I'll keep in touch on an irregular basis." With that, the phone went dead.

"Whatever I need to do." Frowning, Joey put the phone down. "What I need," he said softly, "you can't afford. And I'm not sure I can."

Moving across the room, Joey closed and locked the door. What he needed now, he knew, was time to think, without interruption. Especially the kind he'd been getting so far. After pouring himself a glass of wine, he sank onto the couch, mind racing.

What am I doing? he asked himself. I have a job here. One job. Keep myself out of prison by making sure these four go there. I'm not here to be friends with these people, and I'm definitely not here for a lesbian marathon.

So why is it, asked a voice in his head, that you're not working. You're acting like you actually are Jo Morris, pretty little rich girl. You liked playing with Esmerelda's tits, and you loved it when Felicity touched your pussy.

"So?" Glancing around, Joey hoped nobody had heard him talking to himself, but he didn't stop. "Who wouldn't like playing with her. As for the other, who wouldn't enjoy Fel's attention between their legs. Besides, they gave me this body. If I like how it feels when someone touches it, it's their fault, not mine."

So why aren't you doing your job? the voice demanded. Esmerelda's gone, but you're not checking out her apartment while you can. You're too busy playing with yourself.

"I'm not..." Glancing down, Joey realized that he was, indeed, softly stroking between his own thighs. Frowning, he pulled his hand away. That voice was irritating, he knew, but it was also right. It was time to get to work. Unlocking the door, he quickly made his way to Esmerelda's apartment.

Once inside, Joey began searching. Anything secret, he knew, wouldn't be put someplace obvious. That was the surest way to get caught. So he started by checking the less obvious places. Underneath drawers, behind pictures. Once those possibilities had been eliminated, he moved to the center of the living room, looking around him for anyplace else to check.

"Jo-Jo?"

Spinning, Joey saw Esmerelda standing in the front doorway, a surprised look on her face. "What are you doing here?"

Since childhood, Joey had been known for the quick comeback. Never had he been more grateful for that talent than now. "Well," he said, his mind racing, "maybe I wanted to remind myself what you look like with clothes on."

Esmerelda glanced down at herself. What she had on did qualify as clothing, but only just, the short skirt and halter top revealing nearly as much as it covered. "And? Do you like me better with clothes on?"

"Yes and no."

Esmerelda looked puzzled. "Why both?"

"No," Joey explained, "because that body should never be covered. Yes because what you can't see, you have to imagine."

Esmerelda smiled. "So," she asked, "which do you prefer?"

"Imagination is nice," Joey said, "but reality is so much nicer."

"Good answer." With quick motions, Esmerelda stripped off her clothes. "But is that really why you're here?"

"Maybe." Suddenly nervous, Joey slowly removed his shorts and top. "And maybe," he said, a totally different feeling beginning to drown the nervousness out, "I decided what to do with you."

story continues in [**Undercover 3**](undercover3.html)

o0o
