---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Nadia’s Thrill
authors:
- Pegasus
tags:
- Sbf
- outdoors
- caught
- M/f
- bond
- mum
- sex
- toys
- reluct/cons
- X
date: 2004-11-22 00:00:00
---

Nadia had been trying out new ways to excite herself, she had found
a great web site on time-release self-bondage, one of the simplest but
most effective forms she found was freezing keys in ice. Through varying
the amount of ice the key was frozen in, temperature of the ice and the
environments temperature the ice would take longer or shorter to thaw out.

Nadia lives on the second floor of a four story high tenement flat,
sharing with one other girl but she was away for the weekend. On her own
this was when her thoughts often turned to self-bondage.

Nadia had pulled on her bodystocking, black in colour and covered every
inch of her soft, supple and curvaceous body. She sealed it up all the
way and then went through to get her key out the freezer. It was frozen
in a golf ball size lump, she walked over to the back window and threw
it out over her shoulder so she would have no idea where it went…

She went to her room and pulled out a small box, from this she retrieved
a gag, nipple clamps, handcuffs, and lengths of rope. Nadia put on the
gag, the nipple clamps and got the rope. She first of all tied her legs
together at the ankles and then twice at the knees. After that she got
a length of rope and tied her elbows together behind her and then rigged
up a cinch knot to the rope that was round her ankles. These in place she
put on her handcuffs and the proceeded to cinch up the rope to her ankles
and wrists, pulling them taunt together behind her back.

Nadia moved to the door and kicked out the wedge that was holding it
open, she hopped out with the door closing firmly behind her. Now she had
no option but to go down and find the keys or be discovered.

Getting down the stairs would be tough she thought, last thing she wanted
was to go falling down and injure herself. She moved over to the wall to
help keep her balance and to give her the confidence to move on. She hopped
down the stairs, pausing every so often to catch her breath; it took her
almost an hour to go all the way down. She wondered what she would do if
someone came in or out of their flat, or if some heard her and came to
see what the noise was. But that was part of the thrill, the excitement…

Once she made it do the garden at the back she could barely see a thing,
it was pitch dark. How would she find the key out here? She would never
see it she thought to herself, silently cursing herself a being so stupid.

After a minute she calmed down, her eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness
and the cool air helped her relax. She moved out into the middle of the
garden to look around, there she stood out in the open wearing nothing
but her bodystocking held in her self-bondage.

Suddenly a security light went off…. the whole garden was flooded with
light… she wasn’t alone…

“What’s this now, someone out for some air?”

Nadia never felt so vulnerable in her life, she tried to move back,
away from the light, away from the man. She hopped back several meters
as fast as she could, she fell, straight down and landed hard with no use
of her arms to brace her fall...

Nadia awoke lying down on a mattress, she opened her eyes to look around,
she didn’t know where she was, it all looked alien to her. The room was
almost empty, the walls had brackets and hooks dotted around and the ceiling
a number of pulley mechanisms. She lay there terrified, what the hell had
she got herself into now?

The man came back into the room, as soon as she saw him she was filled
with terror, she tried to scream but the gag muffled nearly all her cry.
He stood there, over six feet tall, muscles rippling under his tight T-shirt
and shorts. She was terrified of what he could do to her, she wouldn’t
be able to stop him but secretly felt herself getting moist. He could do
what he wanted with her and she secretly thought she might even enjoy it
as well.

He walked over to her and stroked her breasts, encircling her nipples
and giving the nipple clamps a tug. Nadia’s heart raced as he played with
her breasts, what was he going to do, what is going to do? The thought
raced through her mind over and over again. Suddenly he got up and walked
away.

Shortly latter he came back with a large black bag and sat it down next
to the mattress.

“I had been wondering when you’d come down. I was out earlier having
a smoke and saw that lump of ice coming out the window, nearly took my
head off! I noticed the key in it so I thought I’d stick around to see
who it belonged to. I couldn’t have hoped for a better looker than yourself
“

He moved away and went to the bag, out of it he pulled two lengths of
rope. He came back over and pulled her upright, then tied one end of each
rope to her wrists and picked open the handcuffs. He went away and got
a step ladder, picked up the ends of ropes and pulled them into the pulleys,
and then he started to pull on them... Nadia tried to resist but could
do nothing to stop it and was forced to stand erect.

“Now don’t be a silly girl, no-one knows you’re here and no-one can
help. Stand still or you may regret it”

She did as he said, she didn’t know what he was capable of and was in
no position to argue.

He went back to the ropes and pulled on them again, pulling her arms
higher and higher until her whole body was stretched upwards and she was
on the tips of her toes. He fastened the ropes onto a bracket on the wall
and walked back over to Nadia’s taunt, exposed semi-naked body. He started
at her legs caressing his hands slowly and sensually up, up her thighs
and then round over her bottom. He moved on up her waist up her chest,
moving his hands onto her breasts. He took off the nipple clamps and discarded
them, then messaged her breasts and played with her nipples. He moved down
again to her pussy, it was so wet her bodystocking was stuck to her all
around her sumptuous mound .

“Good to see your enjoying yourself as much as I am. Your probably wondering
what’s coming next, well you’ll just have to wait and see. I have some
ideas in my head that I want to try out, I been visiting some websites
on the Internet and found some interesting stuff!”

Nadia had been to some of these sites as well. Which ones had he been
to and what was he planning next? She had to admit so far she had enjoyed
this, but what was to come?

The man went back to the bag and pulled out more kit. He came back to
Nadia with a knife and cut off the ropes holding her legs together.

“Bet you were worried there! I didn’t want those in the way and for
what I’ve got planned. They might affect your blood circulation, and we
don’t want that now do we?!”

He then picked up a roll of industrial pallet wrap, a thousand meters
long, it clings to itself like glue, stretches then shrinks back to its
original size and is extremely tough.

Oh God she thought, he’s going to mummify me!

 Nadia had seen this done to other women on the internet but had
never tried it herself, afraid that she might get stuck.

He started on her feet, wrapping them individually at first, then together.
Once they were done he started up her calves, pulling the wrap as tight
as he could laying layer apon layer so that nothing could be seen underneath.
He moved on up over her knees and onto her thighs, he crushed them into
a solid mass so they looked like the one limb.

He then cut down her arms, she tried to swing out but there was no strength
in them with all the blood drained out them. He quickly forced them down
under the wrapping on her bottom, tying them secure.

The wrapping went on, her mid-rift was soon gone and her breasts soon
followed. She stood there, unable to struggle slowly vanishing under the
mountain of pallet wrap. With every breath she wondered how far he would
go, would she ever be freed?

He carefully wrapped up round her neck and over her head, keeping it
tight but not painfully so.

Nadia now stood there completely wrapped from head to toe, unable to
move a thing.

The man, now finished in wrapping his victim, brought over a heat gun.
He moved it slowly over the surface of the wrap, melting it into one layer
and shrinking it down. Nadia underneath felt the pressure building and
building but was unable to do a thing about it. She started to sweat all
over; she felt the moistness of her bodystocking, clinging to every curve,
the pressure and heat. She soon felt moistness build in her crotch, she
needed to play with her pussy, she needed to cum so bad…

Nadia remained standing up, all alone and very vulnerable. She knew
that no-one was there to help her.

Many hours passed, she had no idea how many, when she felt the stranger
cutting off the pallet wrap. The cool air was so refreshing on her hot moist
body. Every breathe seemed to be ecstasy now that she could take a deep
breathe. She stretched out her arms and legs, working the blood back into
them, she felt like a new born creature, fully formed.

She looked apon the man’s face, he looked uncertain, this was the first
time his captive was free to strike out. Nadia had no thoughts of fighting
or running away, after several hours of extreme bondage she wanted one
thing, a good fucking. She strode straight to him, grabbing him, kissing
him, stroking him, pulling him. Soon they were down on the ground writhing
around making passionate sex like wild animals.

For hours they continued, each time they recovered their strength they
started again, never uttering a word to each other, their bodies did it
all. Each time was a frenzy, like it was the first time or the last time
they would have. Each time the sensation was so strong, the pleasure went
like waves through their bodies, over and over again.

Eventually, when Nadia saw the man had no more to give, she got up and
made for the door. The last thing the man saw was Nadia’s gorgeous body
leaving through the door, her bodystocking ripped to shreds…

Nadia found her way out into the garden and then back up to her flat.

Sitting
down she thought to herself, how long before I down again?
