---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Silkbound Into Slavery 2
authors:
- Mike Silklover
tags:
- F/f
- mum
- silk
- cocoon
- bond
- nc
- X
date: 2005-01-01 00:00:00
---

**Part Two**

Miss Jones knew the number of her removal firm by heart and she happily 
tapped in the digits for the East London firm whilst humming a Frank Sinatra
tune to herself. She was extremey content with the way things had gone
so far, and was looking forward to her cruise with great anticipation.

"Put me on to Mr Cratchett would you please", she said as the receptionist
answered at the other end. "Ah Cratchett, it's Miss Jones here. I have
a removal  job for you. Another one of those international assignments
that you do so well. I need you to get a crate and packing materials sorted
out and get them down to  me by tomorrow afternoon. I will also need
you and your unsavoury colleague  Jenks to accompany the package and
look after its contents throughout the trip. Plan on a Size 14 crate but
you will probably need extra packing materials. This  particular package
is a litle more lively than most you have handled in the past."

Stephanie finished the call by going through one or two administrative
points  about the arrangements and then hung up, satisfied that her
colleagues would deliver the crate on time and to specification. Cratchett
was without doubt a  rogue and a criminal, and had graduated from
furniture removals to human  removals some years ago when he realised
how profitable it was.

He had been recommended to Stephanie by a good friend from Birmingham
who was  also in the slavery business, and so far he had proved totally
reliable. Unsurprisingly, competent 'removal' firms were few and far between,
and Stephanie had to accept Cratchett's rather sadistic manner as one of
the drawbacks of doing business. That said, the goods he delivered were
always  securely packed, and although he and Jenks were far from gentle
with their charges, they always arrived in a generally healthy condition.

Her phone call completed, Stephanie stopped in the doorway to the spare 
bedroom as she headed for the kitchen to put on supper. Her newest acquisition
was exactly where Stephanie had left her, a bound gagged, hooded and muffled
silk mummy, roped securely into the centre of the king size bed. The regular
inflating and deflating of the tight silk pillowcase hood told Stephanie
that  Sarah was still alive, and the throaty rasping noise that came
from beneath the muffling silk scarves told her that Sarah was unlikely
to be wasting her valuable breath on calling for help.

She smiled to herself and gave a little shudder of delight as she imagined
the torment and discomfort that Sarah would be suffering as she struggled
to breathe through the multiple layers of silk. She was rather looking
forward to tomorrow morning, when she would unwrap Sarah and feed and water
her before  preparing her for her long voyage.

She fondly remembered the look of horror on the faces of her previous 
captives as they saw, for the first time, the crate that was to be their
prison  for the next three weeks. Indeed she often dreamed about it.
She ached inwardly to see that same expression on Sarah's face tomorrow,
as she realised that her bondage until then had merely been a mild diversion.

Stephanie slept like a log that night, wrapped up in the white silk
sheets of  her king size bed, and buoyed by erotic dreams of the look
on Sarah's face as she removed her blindfolding scarf and allowed her to
look into the specially  prepared crate.

Sarah meanwhile had a fitful and interrupted sleep. Aching from the
tightness  of the ropes that cruelly encircled her from ankle to chest,
she was fearful that if she slept, the many layers of silk that bound her
face would cause her  to suffocate. So she valiantly fought the onset
of sleep, completely unaware of the passing of the hours. Despite her best
efforts however, she eventually succumbed to her exhaustion and drifted
off into a troubled sleep.

As Stephanie still slumbered the next morning, her mind full of the 
possibilities offered by a first class cabin on a three week cruise, next
door,  the silk bound mummy that enclosed Sarah in its tight folds,
started to stir.

As Sarah came slowly to consciousness she realised that she was completely
disoriented. She at first thought that the darkness was from the closed
curtain  in her flat in Godstone. She tried to roll over and go back
to sleep, but  realised that for some unknown reason she had no control
over her arms or legs. Despite trying, she remained completely immobile,
lying on her back, unable to move a muscle.

Many sensations and feelings now assaulted her senses as she tried to 
understand what was amiss. Not only was she unable to move her arms or
legs, which seemed to be welded to her side, but her mouth seemed to be
stuffed full of soft material and a tight and muffling bandage covered
her face and head.

Suddenly it all came flooding back; her new weekend gardening job, the
drugged lemonade, her bizarre kidnapping by Miss Jones and the severe gagging 
and hooding that had accompanied her silk sheet mummification and roping
to the  bed.

A feeling of overwhelming panic sudenly overtook her whole being and
she threw herself uncontrollably against the tight bonds in a forlorn bid
to escape the clinging silk. At the same time she let rip a piercing scream
that would, under normal circumstances have woken the whole of Esher on
that quiet Sunday  morning. However, Sarah's predicament was far from
normal, and all that emerged  from her silk stuffed mouth was a muffled
but frightened squeal.

Nevertheless, it still carried to Stephanie's room where it served to
rouse  the lady of the house from her blissful but shallow slumber.

Sarah's blind panic continued unabated as the layers of silk covering
her  head sucked against her face as she tried to gather enough air
for a second  scream. Her mouth was stuffed full and her only access
to air was through her  nose, now covered by the silk scarves and
the pillow case Stephanie had applied yesterday.

Only with the strongest application of self control did Sarah manage
to get  her panic under control and she managed to get her breathing
slowly back to the  shallow, laboured breathing that she had found
worked best in maintaining an adeqaute air supply.

Fortunately for her, the silk scarves that had become so damp and clingy
last  night had dried during the night, allowing more air to pass
through them. On the other side of the coin, Stephanie's red silk scarf
that filled her mouth had  also dried during the night, and the folds
of silk had dried and stuck to the roof of Sarah's mouth. The size of the
gag stuffing did not allow her to move her tongue around to moisten the
silk and she laid on the bed dejected and in  intense discomfort,
as she tested once again the bonds that held her so securely.

Her spirits sagged further as she realised that all that awaited her
today was yet more time in the hateful silk cocoon and then incarceration
in a crate for shipment to Thailand. If her eyes had not been so tightly
bound by the silk scarf she would have cried at the pain, discomfort and
sheer injustice of the  whole affair.

The squeal from Sarah's room stirred Stephanie and she slipped from
beneath  the luxurious silk sheets and sat up on the side of the bed.
She always slept  naked because she loved the feel of the cool silk
caressing her body. Without  bothering to slip on the silk gown hanging
on the back of the bedroom door, she padded across the deep pile carpet
to the doorway of the bedroom inside which  Sarah was a bound prisoner.
By the time she got there Sarah had regained her composure somewhat and
the silk covered mummy was still. Stephanie sighed in disappointment that
she had missed the entertainment.

"So, you're awake at last Sarah!", she said in a voice loud enough to
startle  the body beneath the ropes and silk sheets, "and making far
too much noise. I  clearly underestimated you. I know it is early
in the morning but I think I will start on your preparations as soon as
I have had breakfast."

"If I have time", and she made a mental note to make time, "I will explain
to  you the rigours of your coming cruise and tell you some of the
unpleasant things that have befallen previous slaves on their journey."

Sarah 'mmphed as best she could into the dry silk packing her mouth.
She had spent over 14 hours unable to hear anything but the rustling of
the silk from  the layers of scarves tied around her head, and she
was glad to hear a human voice again. On the down side, she was chilled
to hear Miss Jones deliver her  words in such a cruel and arrogant
tone. This was truly a very dangerous and deranged lady.

"Don't go away while I shower and change will you my dear? There is
so much  for me to tell you about your coming trip, and the measures
we will be taking to ensure your security and cooperation. Once I come
back, I will let you have a shower and the opportunity to freshen up, albeit
a short lived one".

As Stephanie walked back to her own bedroom to shower and dress, Sarah's
spirits soared. Not only was she to be released from her suffocating silk
prison sooner than she had expected, but there might also be the opportunity
to escape. Stephanie would have to untie her to allow her to use the bathroom.
If she was to be untied she would stand a good chance of escape.

Stephanie was tall and slim, but in a fair fight Sarah knew she could
defeat her without too much problem. Also, the drug from the lemonade had
now left her  system and she would have all her senses with which
to plot her escape. On the down side, her limbs ached after being bound
for so long and she wasn't at all sure that they would work if called to
act in a hurry.

The minutes dragged by incredibly slowly as Sarah waited for her opportunity. 
She tested the limits of the muffling layers of silk once again, trying
to suck as much air into her lungs as possible before the silk clamped
itself back over her nose and prevented further inhalation. She would need
to be as fit as  possible when Stephanie untied her.

She did not hear Stephanie re-enter the bedroom and jumped again as
Stephanie  spoke.

"Now. Let's get you untied my dear so that you can freshen up. If you
are a  good girl and promise not to do anything silly, I will even
let you use the  toilet on your own." Stephanie's voice had changed
back to her normal friendly tone and Sarah allowed herself to believe that
she had imagined Stephanie's  earlier chilling tone of voice.

Stephanie had dressed in an immaculately pressed, fine white cotton
blouse,  with a crisp red silk square folded cravat style at her neck,
similar to the one that now packed Sarah's tender mouth. The crisp white
blouse offset the very short black leather miniskirt and the high heeled
black shoes that adorned her feet. Her white silk panties were clearly
visible below the skirt, as was the black suspender belt that held up the
sheer black stockings with a seam up the back.

The outfit made her look just like one of the dominas from the Betty
Page era  she thought, and she was pleased with the effect. Although
the shoes were thoroughly impractical on the deep pile of the bedroom carpet,
she wished to  make an impression on Sarah that she would take with
her while confined in her  her crate. Stephanie loved the dominatrix
look, almost as much as she enjoyed the activities and behaviour that such
a persona allowed her to indulge.

Sarah felt hands working on the ropes that bound her mummified body
to the bed. "My, my! These are very tight. You poor thing, you must have
struggled very  hard for these to have tightened so much. I bet they
were very uncomfortable for you my dear. Such a shame that you didn't take
my advice to just lie still and accept your fate. Never mind, we will soon
have you free!"

Although the irony was lost on Sarah due to her current position, Stephanie's 
gentle and solicitous words were distinctly at odds with the expression
of cruel  amusement on her face as she started on the unwrapping of
her mummified  captive.

As Stephanie moved from coil to coil, unwinding the constricting rope,
Sarah felt a huge sense of freedom. Although she was still securely mummified
within the silk sheet cocoon, the ropes had become a cause of severe discomfort,
and  she felt her morale rise as each new layer of rope was untied
and discarded.  Stephanie started at Sarah's shoulders and worked
down towards her feet, coiling  each length of unwound rope in turn
and laying it neatly on the side of the bed  next to Sarah.

Finally, Stephanie came to the rope that secured Sarah's silk wrapped
legs to  the ring bolt at the end of the bed. Untying the final knot
and shaking loose the rope, Stephanie unwound the silk sheet that wrapped
Sarah's feet.

"You will appreciate my dear that I can not allow you complete freedom
while you refresh yourself. I will need to hobble your ankles so that you
can not run away from me." Sarah's spirits took a dive at this news. Realistically,
there  was no way she could have expected to be completely freed.
Maybe Stephanie's new  arrangement would allow her an opportunity
to free herself later if she could  get enough time unobserved.

Stephanie took a pile of brightly coloured silk scarves from the dressing 
table and started to fold a number of them into wide silk bandages. Taking
one of the folded scarves she proceeded to wrap it tightly around Sarah's
right  ankle, winding it around her tanned limb three times before
pulling the ends and  securing them in a tight double knot. She repeated
the operation with another scarf on Sarah's left ankle and then took a
narrowly folded scarf and threaded it beneath the windings on each ankle.
She pulled the ends so that Sarah's ankles were brought tightly together,
before tying off the joining scarf in a  double knot.

"There. I hope that's not too uncomfortable. You should be able to stand
and walk in very tiny steps to the bathroom. It will no doubt take you
a long time, but then we are not in a rush today, are we?"

Sarah tested her range of movement against the scarf hobble and realised
that  there was just enough free play in the hobble to allow her to
take the very short steps Stephanie had mentioned. Running while hobbled
like this would be out of the question, she would fall flat on her face.
Not what she was hoping  for at all, but at least she would have a
small amount of mobility.

Stephanie continued to roll up the long pillowcase and unwrap the silk
sheets  that had proved such an effective means of mummifying Sarah.
As she reached  Sarah's waist, she inserted her hands underneath Sarah's
body and with a big heave flipped Sarah unceremoniously over onto her front.

Now don't panic," she cautioned, as Sarah started to struggle. "Just
lie there quietly and breathe carefully while I tie your wrists behind
your back. I  know you may find it more difficult to do your ablutions,
but I am afraid I am  not prepared to take the risk of having your
arms in front of you."

Stephanie grasped Sarah's wrists together palm to palm and wrapped a
broadly folded silk scarf around them, pulling the folds tight as she went
round the  wrists three times. She hauled in on the ends and Sarah
squealed in pain as her  wrists were mashed together. Stephanie tied
a double knot in the silk bandage and took another scarf to cinch the already
tight binding, wrapping it  vertically between the existing binding,
and pulling the existing loops together  before securing it in a double
knot.

Taking another couple of folded scarves she moved further up Sarah's
back and  proceeded to tie her elbows together in a similar fashion.
"I wouldn't want you  to do yourself any harm in the bathroom my dear,
so we will just stop your arms  flapping about first".

"What a stupid reason", thought Sarah as she felt her elbows being drawn
painfully together by the soft folds of silk.

"She's doing it because she enjoys it", realised Sarah, the reason for
her unnnecessarily tight and overwhelming incarceration now becoming clear.

Stephanie took hold of Sarah's bound arms and used them as a lever to
flip Sarah over onto her back once more, her tightly bound wrists and elbows
now  trapped beneath her against the mattress.

"There now we can help you to breathe a little easier." Stephanie rolled
the pillow case up and lifted it off Sarah's head. As Sarah's head emerged,
Stephanie could see that Sarah's hair was damp and matted against her head. 
Despite the sweat and Sarah's spirited struggling, Stephanie's scarf gagging
and blindfolding had held up remarkably effectively. She reached forward
to the bridge of Sarah's nose and unpicked the double knot in the white
silk Hermes  scarf that served as Sarah's blindfold, gently easing
the now loosened silk bandage down so that it rested around Sarah's neck.

As it came away from her nose, Sarah breathed in deeply, her breathing
unrestricted for the first time in many hours. Despite the darkness of
the room, achieved by blackout curtains that secured the window from prying
local eyes,  Sarah blinked wildly as her eyes tried to recover from
the hours of total blackness.

Slowly, as her eyes were able to focus more clearly, she did a double
take as  she saw Stephanie standing proudly in her domina outfit.
Although not into  S&M, Sarah recognised power dressing when she
saw it and her heart chilled, realising that she was the helpless captive
of this woman who enjoyed inflicting discomfort on her victims. Sarah's
resolve to escape was strengthened, although  it was tinged with fear
as to the consequences should she try but fail.

"I am afraid that we must also reinforce your gag my dear. Your squealing
is just too loud for my rather staid neighbours. We wouldn't want them
to become  curious, would we?"

Stephanie reached behind Sarah's neck and loosened the first of the
double knots in the white cleave scarf that held the deep red silk packed
firmly into  Sarah's mouth. "Let's first of all make sure this is
secure shall we?" Although already excruciatingly tight, Stephanie put
all her strength into pulling the  ends of the scarf even tighter,
forcing the now dampening red silk deeper into  Sarah's mouth. The
stretching of the narrow cleave scarf cut painfully into the corners of
Sarah's already bruised lips. Satisfied that there was no more give possible
in the tightly stretched silk, Stephanie knotted the ends of the scarf 
in a tight double knot.

"I know it may be a little more uncomfortable my dear, but by stretching
your  lips back we can get more packing inside your mouth and reduce
the amount of noise you can make. Just hold still now while we add a little
more silk. I think  you will find this interesting to say the least".

Sarah looked on in horror as the classically dressed dominatrix lifted
up her  short leather skirt to fully reveal the expensive but skimpy
white silk panties  that clung tightly to the curves of Stephanie's
shapely bottom. Hooking a thumb  in each side of the waist band she
proceeded to roll them slowly and sensuously down her legs, all the while
hungrily drinking in the look of horror that filled  Sarah's face.

"I think there's probably just enough room left in your pretty mouth
for my  panties, don't you Sarah? Just think what an honour it will
be for you to have  such a close reminder of your mistress."

Sarah turned her head towards the wall in disgust but Stephanie grabbed
a  large handful of her captive's damp hair and wrenched her head
back to the front. As she looked deep into Sarah's frightened eyes, Stephanie
dropped the  intimate white silk panties onto Sarah's face and then,
after a pause to allow  Sarah to inhale the perfume, used her fingers
to prod the damp silk deep into  Sarah's mouth, forcing the silk in
either side of the tightly stretched white  cleave scarf.

The musky smell of the damp panties assailed Sarah's nostrils as Stephanie
completed the stuffing of Sarah's mouth. This was just unbearable, thought
Sarah as her mouth expanded against the tight cleave scarf.

"There, that's your packing sorted. Now let's just make sure you can't
expel it in a hurry." Stephanie picked up a large white silk headsquare
and folded it  on the diagonal before carefully folding it into a
bandage some five inches wide. Picking it up in both hands she placed it
across the lower part of Sarah's already tightly gagged face. With the
lower part beneath her chin, and the upper  edge well above the bridge
of her nose, Stephanie drew the ends back behind  Sarah's neck and
tied the ends very tightly in a triple knot.

Sarah's ability to breathe suddenly took a turn for the worse as the
tight silk pressed against her nose, the effect of the scarf being to pull
her lower jaw upwards and, if it was possible, to clamp the hateful silk
panties even  tighter in her mouth. Sarah groaned at the severity
and cruelty of her continued but now reinforced gagging. Stephanie smiled
to herself as she gazed deep into Sarah's eyes and enjoyed Sarah's obvious
discomfiture.

Stephanie was not yet finished. Ensuring that Sarah could see what she
was holding, she held up what looked to be a luxury quality black silk
scarf in her  hands. "Before I get you up on your feet and let you
use the bathroom, there is just one more precaution I need to take. This
is a special silk hood that will allow you a small amount of vision so
that you can just about see what you are doing. Consider your freedom from
a full blindfold a small act of kindness on my  part, before I hand
you over to the less than gentle attentions of my accomplices this afternoon".

Stephanie shook out the hood and advanced towards Sarah to pull it over
her  head. Sarah was terrified at being rendered blind again but managed
to control  her desire to fight the hooding. After all, any small
kindness offered by this  crazy woman was to be taken advantage of.

Stephanie placed the hood on top of Stephanie's head and unrolled the
tight  silk down her face and over the scarf gag that bound the whole
of her lower  face. The delicate fabric of the hood was offset by
a thick webbing drawcord arrangement at the neck of the hood, and Stephanie
threaded the webbing strap  into its buckle and drew the silk hood
closed against Sarah's neck.

"I won't make it too tight around your neck my dear, so you can breathe
quite  easily", said Stephanie as she secured the strap into the large
buckle so that  there was about an inch gap between the hood and Sarah's
neck. Stephanie then pressed a small button on the outside of the buckle
and a tiny red LED glowed  brightly on the outside of the buckle.

"There. We're all set. Let's get you up on your feet and into the bathroom."
Sarah tried to help herself get off the bed, but with her arms bound tightly
behind her and the tight hobble at her ankles she needed Stephanie's help
in dragging her to the side of the bed, where she rolled into a sitting
position.

Stephanie held Sarah tight as a wave of dizziness overtook the newly
released  captive. The hours of inactivity and tight restraint was
not good for the circulation, and Sarah had to sit still for quite some
minutes until the blood  started flowing again and the dizzines eased.

She tentatively eased herself into a standing position as Stephanie
took her shoulders and pointed her in the direction of the ensuite bathroom.
Sarah was still nude, save for the skimpy green silk thong, and the coolness
of the air conditioned room, after her incarceration in many layers of
warm silk, caused  goosebumps to appear all over her body.

Much to Sarah's surprise the black silk hood allowed her to see through
it quite easily and it was actually not a hindrance. "Had Stephanie made
a mistake in not making it more difficult for her?", she wonderd to herself
as she started  taking teetering steps towards the bathroom.

"I can see that you have got your bearings OK Sarah, so I'll leave you
to it for a little while. 've got a couple more phone calls to make but
I will be back very shortly". With that Stephanie turned on her high black
heels and walked out of the room.

Sarah could not believe her luck. Left alone, her chances of escape
looked more realistic, although the tight bonds on her arms and the restrictive
hobble would need to be overcome somehow. Sarah speeded up her tiny steps
and settled  into a swinging gait that made her progress much faster.

A few minutes later she reached the theshold of the bathroom and headed
for  the loo. Plonking herself on the seat she managed to move the
silk of her green thong to one side and 'refreshed' herself, as Stephanie
had so delicately put it.

The immediate business concluded, Sarah's mind turned to escape.

She managed to stand up and stood swaying sightly in the well equipped
bathroom, wondering what on earth she could do to effect her escape.

end of Part 2

This story now continues in [Part
Three](silkbound_slavery3.html)

.
