---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/a_womans_role8.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Woman's Role
authors:
- Shyguy
tags:
- M+/f+
- F/f+
- gag
- slave
- training
- glue
- petgirl
- latex
- catsuit
- mittens
- buttplug
- toys
- remote
- hum
- climax
- chain
- cuffs
- drug
- oral
- mast
- cons
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-07-26 00:00:00
---

### **Ch.8**

#### **Unorthodox Orgasms**

Samantha's work was steady for the next few hours, and as the dinner rush hit she found herself in a state of flow, still chasing the relief of an orgasm, but in a zen state of awareness that her focus needed to remain on her current task. The only way forward was charming, winsome obedience, and she found herself actually enjoying the positive attention she got from some of the men. In her normal life, men were never this direct, and neither was she, everyone was too guarded and polite. But she felt a strange sense of validation in the constant displays of femininity and sexuality she used to endear herself to her tables.

And she found that when she did so, some of the men treated her very well. She'd been re-gagged with a mouthplug and bright red lipstuck by a nice man who was there with his wife. He paid to have her take off her tray and sit with him for an hour, telling her about the threesomes he and his wife, who was bi and even more handsy with Samantha than he was, liked to have with submissive women. Samantha somehow found that she wasn't half bad as a conversationalist while gagged, realizing quickly that emoting, using body language and wordless tone of voice, and being very attentive and reactive kept people engaged and talking to her. And the more they talked to her and engaged with her, the more likely they were to buy time with her, or to make her orgasm, as the man who'd finally freed her from the cock gag had done while his wife kissed her glued lips.

Samantha had never been bi, but she strangely found it pleasurable. She'd noticed since she'd been training that the affection of the women around her meant a lot more to her, and she was becoming more affectionate towards them as well. She supposed it was natural that a woman, who was helpless, silenced, and dependent on pleasing those around her, would find herself looking for reassurance, comfort, affection, and loyal relationships with her fellow slaves.

She'd always struggled with female friends, always having to be the cleverest, the firebrand, and the center of attention. But now, she found herself hoping that she wouldn't screw things up with her roommates, even Lisa, who it seemed would naturally hate her in the outside world. Maybe this experience was actually bringing out something positive in her, she thought.

She served a table of six very nerdy-looking young men who couldn't have been over twenty-one. Only two of them ordered alcohol, so maybe some were younger. One of them said, "hey, she looks just like your mom, Kevin!"

"Shut the fuck up, dude!"

"Sorry bro, it's not my fault your mom's hot."

"Hey, do you guys wanna make her a cat-girl? That'd be kind of funny."

"Aw, I wanted to do that to that blue-haired chick, she looks like the feminist bitch in my English class."

"Someone already did that, bro, just look! C'mon, let's kittie-fy Kevin's mom here. Hey, ma'am, you're pretty sexy for an older lady. I'd totally bang you."

"Bro, she's a slavegirl, you don't call her ma'am."

Samantha wanted so badly to roll her eyes, or to yell at these dipshits to stop calling her old, but somehow she found herself appreciative of their attention. They had the same power as any of the other guests over her, after all, and they had the rewards she wanted at their fingertips. Plus these guys looked like total losers, and she was sure they'd be easy to please with a little attention they'd never get elsewhere.

This was probably the only time in their lives they'd felt really powerful over a woman, really had something a woman wanted, and they weren't abusing her or mistreating her, they just wanted to dress her up like a catgirl. It was almost sweet. Almost.

One of the boys pulled out his phone and tipped her, her vibroshock pulsing three times. With each pulse, she looked the young men in the eyes and made a performance of groaning, sighing, and thanking the men in her wordless, submissive way. The boys giggled and elbowed each other. They seemed to be enjoying her performance, so she leaned in, putting a hand on the boy who had tipped her, whispering, "mhhm, mm mmmh!" She fluttered her eyelashes at the boys and gave a sexy giggle. She was putting on a performance for her young masters and they were eating it up. The lube in the suit was warming her skin again, and her pussy was beginning to pulse with blood.

Samantha had to make this good for them if she wanted to get that release her body needed, and maybe these boys would be more generous than most if she could please them. Plus she was having a little bit of fun teasing them.

"Okay, so, let's get the headband and tail and stuff for Kevin's mom," said one of the boys, and Kevin turned red in the face and grumbled something as Samantha's vibroshock led her away, back to the supply room.

She passed by Lisa on her way back. Lisa was on her knees and elbows on a table, her wrists bound to her arms just below the shoulder and her ankles bound the same way to her upper thighs with tight leather straps that dug deeply into her latex-coated flesh. This kept her limbs bent and forced her to walk on her elbows and knees. She was still wearing the blue tail and ears, but someone had put a blue permaseal over her ballgag, totally muting her and continuing the theme of her restraints matching her hair. They'd put blue latex mitts with pink paw prints on her hands, and were building her very slowly up to an orgasm.

As she passed by, she reached out and stroked Lisa's face, cooing softly through her mouthplug and glued lips. Lisa closed her eyes and leaned slightly into her hand, continuing to moan. Samantha was glad to have shared a little affection with her roommate, and as she walked back into the supply room, she found herself hoping that Lisa would like her and support her. She began to feel like she needed the other women, needed their companionship and their support. She was determined to build friendships with them, as much as they could in their states of captivity.

She was led, as she'd suspected she would be, to a tube containing a headband with red cat ears, a long red cat tail attached to a plug she wasn't looking forward to feeling, and a permaseal plaster in her skin tone with what looked like a drawn-on anime-style mouth that looked like a 'w' with little white triangular teeth and little black whiskers on the cheeks. She was surprised that HaremCo made something so specific, but if their clientele included young men like those geeks at her table, she supposed it was probably more popular than she suspected. At least it wasn't a FreakPet suit, she thought with a shudder. She thought she remembered Barbie saying something about dollsuits made to look like anime or cartoon characters at the dollhouse on her tour, too. This might not be the last time she had to do something like this.

Plus, she thought, it seemed like Dominic liked petplay. She'd have to remember that.

She got back to the young men's table and found a guard already waiting for her, ready to apply the items the nerds had ordered.

She was blushing as she walked back over, but she kept a sexy swagger to her walk and gave her hips a little shimmy as the boys whistled, the lube in the suit keeping her on edge. She was so distracted with her performance, the boys, and her thoughts about Dominic that she hardly realized the guard was behind her and reaching between her asscheeks with the tail plug.

"MMMph! MMmmph!" she grunted, then sighed in resignation as the plug slid into her, filling and stretching her ass. The lube and stimulant inside the suit, along with the teasing of the men she was serving and the attention of the guard, had gotten her pretty worked up. Her whole body felt warm and tingled with sensitivity. She felt herself flush with arousal and she panted as the plug filled her. Her asshole felt burning hot and distracting, while the pressure in her ass pressed her back wall harder against the vibe in her pussy. She had underestimated how pleasurable, if almost unbearable, she would find the plug, and she felt flashes of orgasmic energy and knew she'd need to cum again soon or she'd get desperate.

The headband went on next, and lastly the guard stretched and pressed the permaseal over her already glued lips, not bothering to remove the lipstuck or her mouthplug first. She supposed they'd come out once solvent was applied to the plaster anyway. For now, she had an anime-style cat mouth that silently grinned at the giggling, shy nerdy young men. The guard walked away, and she looked her table over, from one to the next. They were totally transfixed, in some cases their jaws were literally hanging open.

She put her hands together like a begging kitty's paws, mewing and wiggling for the dorks. This was so silly, but it felt like they liked her. The more they liked her, the more likely they were to give her an orgasm. And, she admitted, she liked to feel wanted and appreciated.

She stepped up and nuzzled the boy next to her with her anime mouth. She couldn't use her tongue to purr properly, but she gave a low guttural groan that she thought was close enough. The boy blushed, and the others egged him on, "dude, she wants you!"

"She's like, nuzzling you, dude! She's into you!"

"Hey, are you gonna pet her, or what?!"

Samantha knelt down and put her head in the young man's lap, nuzzling his cock through his pants with her nose. His friends hooted and cheered, and he jumped in surprise at first, then began stroking her hair.

"Good girl, that's right," he said, confidence building in his voice, "sexy kitty wants some cock, doesn't she?"

Samantha didn't want to fuck this dweeb half her age but she sure did need to cum. She nodded and let out a pathetically desperate and cloying, "mmmmm-HHMMMMMMMM…"

The young man's phone chirped out an alert, and he sighed. "Dammit, we only paid for three minutes. Well, we'll still be able to watch her as she works. That blue haired chick, too. Hey, do you guys want to bring her over here and make her cum? Or do we not have enough money left?"

Samantha groaned in frustration as he pressed a button on his phone and gave her three buzzes that now she felt in her ass as well, the tingling from the lube on her anal sheath feeling like lingering cascades of sparks. She thought for sure she was going to get an orgasm out of this table with that performance, but they were talking about Lisa.

She couldn't believe how frustrated she felt as she stood and turned, leaving her table behind to find her way to the bar for the next set of drinks. She'd really thought that those boys would like her, would want to keep playing with her, that they would want to give her an orgasm, maybe a bunch of them. But they hadn't.

Her body was so sensitive and ready, she'd never wanted to cum so badly in her life. Her ass throbbed with every step and her pussy ached, the feeling of her nipples against the suit making her shiver. She needed a man to pay to make her cum. She was desperate to be used and played with and to please. It was like her brain had switched into a different gear, one she couldn't think her way out of.

After a few drink runs, she found herself back in the supply closet, vibed infuriatingly close to orgasm once she found her spot at the shelf where the trays were stored. Someone must have bought some time with her. She hoped desperately that they would have the money for a few orgasms.

She was led to a table in the far corner of the bar, where a lone man wearing sunglasses indoors sat brooding over an old-fashioned. She waved cutely to him, and he lifted a finger in a begrudging response, then sipped more whiskey.

A guard approached her with a stick of solvent and rubbed it on her permaseal, spending a few more seconds on her lips to dissolve the lipstuck as well. He took the mouthplug from her mouth and she gasped and drooled but remained silent, wondering what gag the man had chosen for her.

"Open up," said the guard, and as he brought his hand to her face, she groaned as she saw what he was holding.

It was a garble, its mouthguard and tongue sheath perfectly clear and barely visible even in the guard's hand. Samantha had managed to avoid being garbled so far, but it looked like she was about to experience what she'd seen Vonka and Carol go through when they'd been made to speak while wearing the humiliating device.

The guard placed the mouthguard over her teeth and pressed it in, and Samantha felt her teeth squish just a little into the soft silicone, and felt the glue set, holding it fast to her teeth. The latex covering stretched over her entire tongue, and she had to fight it and make it stretch laboriously in order to move her tongue. She could move her mouth, and it wasn't stuffed full of anything or propped open to make her drool, but talking with her tongue totally encased would be incredibly difficult, and her speech would be slow, broken, and garbled.

"Sit," the man said, patting the booth next to him, and as she did, the guard placed a red ballgag and a padlock with the key inside on the table. Samantha figured he must be planning on gagging her once he'd made her say whatever he was planning to. She wondered what he had in mind for her.

"So," the man said as the guard walked away, "my name's Kent. I see from your nametag you're Samantha. But the thing is, you look a lot like Linda, my ex wife. She cheated on me. Ran off with her coworker."

"Ahm thawry," Samantha struggled to articulate with her tongue encased in latex, but Kent put his finger over her lips and shushed her, a cruel, dark expression on his face.

"It's not your fault. I know that. So don't take this personally. It's kind of like therapy for me. You're going to apologize. You're going to admit you were wrong, you're a bitch, you're stupid, and you're going to beg me for my love. And I'm not going to give it to you. When I'm done hearing what you have to say, I'm going to gag you," he gestured to the ballgag on the table, "and you're going to listen silently to me, like she never could. Do you understand, Samantha?"

Samantha nodded and shuddered. This guy was fucked up.

"Now say you're sorry. Tell me what you did," Kent leaned in, eyes fixed intently on her.

"Ahhh ah sowwry…" Samantha began.

"Louder," Kent hissed.

"Ahm SOWWY! Ah chayde ahnd ahh wazz a bahh!"

"What was that?"

"Ah chayde ahnd ahh wazz a bahh!"

"Say you're a stupid whore."

"Ahm uh thdubih huhh! Pweeth furhiv meeh!"

Kent grinned darkly.

"Fuck no. You don't deserve it. You cheated, and that makes you a stupid slut."

Kent continued berating Samantha as he forced her to admit that she was stupid, a worthless slut, and she was wrong. Samantha's cheeks started burning and her tongue got fatigued with the effort. She understood why Vonka and Carol had preferred to remain silent while garbled, it was incredibly difficult to make yourself heard with a latex sleeve covering your tongue. Her speech was broken and sloppy, and she felt pathetic and desperate, begging and apologizing like a bitch, a broken toy that could do nothing but whimper for mercy.

After Kent had forced her to admit all his accusations were true, she begged him for forgiveness, "pleathe! Pweath, furhiv meh, ay'm sawry!"

"No. Fuck no," he spat, "I'm done listening to your stupid, pathetic excuses. It's time you learn to shut up, Linda," and he shoved the ballgag into her mouth, buckling it savagely tight behind her head and removing the key in the padlock.

"That's better. This is how you should stay, silent forever, no more nagging and ballbusting from that mouth," and Kent grabbed her jaw and pulled her face to his, and she stared, mortified as his eyes bore into hers.

"That's what this is all about. You never listened to me. You were a selfish whore who was too busy fucking your coworkers to care about the pain she caused her husband. You deserved to be silenced and punished. I'm glad you're someone's slavegirl now. It's better than you deserve. Now sit there and be silent, and be grateful that I finally put a dam on the river of stupid shit that flows from your whore mouth."

Samantha whimpered and was silent, eyes pained and looking up into the man's. Kent turned back to his whiskey, leaving Samantha sitting quietly and obediently beside him, feeling used and dirty, but also submissive and obedient, a quiet and pliant pet, silently accepting the man's rage until it was spent and he could sit calmly with his thoughts.

After a moment, the man put his hand on her knee and said, "thank you. You're very sweet and you didn't deserve all of that. You can go now, leave early if you want. That anger's about all I got left right now."

Samantha gently touched the man's hand, and he sighed deeply, then grabbed her hand and squeezed back.

This was fucking crazy, Samantha thought, but now she knew how strippers felt, being treated simultaneously as sex objects and therapists. Yikes. Still, this man seemed to be doing a lot better after she was forced to listen and to be his sounding board, so maybe it wasn't the worst thing she'd ever done, she thought.

Samantha put her tray back on when she got back to the supply closet, then did a few more drink and food runs. The combination of the ballgag and garble utterly silenced her, but she was grateful she didn't have to speak with her tongue garbled. She understood why the devices were so effective at conditioning women to speak less, and she wondered how Vonka was doing these days, and if she was spending them garbled all the time. She figured Senator Blume wouldn't have forgotten how much it changed her demeanor at their dinner, so Vonka was likely restrained from outbursts one way or another.

Finally towards the end of her shift, when almost everyone had left, she found herself walking with Lisa back to the table of nerds who'd put the cat tail and ears on her earlier. She hadn't gotten to cum again all evening, and she was desperately hopeful that they had scraped together enough money to give her an orgasm. But with Lisa going to the same table, she couldn't be sure.

When she arrived, a guard promptly removed her ballgag, and she instinctually said, "phegg yuh," then blushed at the sound of her garbled words.

"What the hell? Is something on her tongue?" one of the dorks asked, and Lisa , now wearing a ring gag with her tongue wiggling visibly behind a wide metal o-ring, looked at her inquisitively as well.

"It's a garble," the guard explained, "a sleeve that goes over a woman's tongue that makes it impossible for them to talk coherently."

"Wow. That's awesome," another one of the boys remarked. "It's like, she's still trying to speak but it sounds so stupid, like she's an idiot or something."

"It's like forced baby talk," chimed in another, "I wish I could make my sis wear one of them, ever since she went off to college she's been an uppity bitch. How about we leave that on instead of doing another catgirl permaseal?"

"Sounds good to me, let's get one for the blue chick too," one of the geeks scrolled on his phone, ordering a garble for Lisa, and she groaned and looked at Samantha with a pained expression.

Within two minutes, another guard arrived and removed Lisa's padlocked ring gag, forcing a garble into her mouth and pressing it into her bottom teeth.

"Uggh…whuh…vhith thukhth…" she sputtered out, her face twisted in disgust as she worked her mouth uncomfortably with latex trapping her tongue.

"All right! That's hilarious," chuckled one of the boys, "I'm so glad I made that last minute option and made enough money to get these two back here. Thanks guys," he said to the guards, who nodded and headed off.

"Okay girls, we've scraped together enough money to reward both of you for being such kawaii little catgirls. Would you like some orgasms, my pets? I understand you become very frustrated with those vibrators stuffed inside you all day."

Samantha was sure the boys were trying to be seductive, and it was working, to some degree. The fact that she was so worked up and that they had so much power over her made up for their awkward attempts to act smooth and dominant. Still, she'd take it if it meant she could cum, she thought. And she wanted to make them feel good about themselves. She'd felt so bad when she'd disappointed them last time.

"Puh-leeth, maph-tuh? Puh-leeth, kehn ah khum?" she groaned.

"Hmmm? I'm sorry, what did you say, little kitty? And what about your friend?" he asked as Samantha blushed.

"Puh-leath! Ah wammah khumm, pweeth?" she slobbered, and she was sure her cheeks and ears had turned bright red. She wanted to die, this was so humiliating. But her body ached and throbbed with desire. Her pussy felt so full, so wet, and it ached to be used and abused.

"Not until your friend begs too," sneered one of the boys.

"Puh-leath! Pweeth, math-tuhh! Khumm! Puh-leth khumm, ay beg uh yoo…" Samantha whimpered as she grabbed at herself and rubbed herself frantically.

"Ahh…mmmaughh! Pweath thuhh, puh-leeeth…uhm, muh, kuhh…phuh…" Lisa groaned.

"Good girls, that's some good kitties. Now I'm going to control your vibes, while you two kiss. Go on, and make it hot. Use lots of tongue," Samantha felt a sudden slow pulse building in her pussy, and she looked, wide-eyed, at Lisa. Was she really about to make out with this feminist girl who hated her only a day ago? Samantha had never kissed a girl, and she wondered if Lisa had. Probably, she thought, she looked pretty bisexual.

Samantha moved her face slowly towards Lisa, and Lisa, blushing furiously, did the same. Both women's lips parted and they closed their eyes as they felt their vibrators buzzing and pulsating deep in their pussies. Their tongues snaked out from between their lips and brushed against each other as they groaned, their tongues tasting the latex covering one another. The sensation of the latex tongue sleeve was a strange one, and the two women's tongues slipped and slid wetly together, making Samantha feel hot in her chest.

She'd never kissed another girl before, and this felt so weird and wrong, but the vibe in her pussy was buzzing and the sensation of her ass being stretched by the plug and pressed against the wall of her pussy, and the softness and sweetness of the other woman's lips and skin, the smell of her, the gentle moans from her mouth as she groaned and gasped into Samantha's mouth, made her feel warm and turned on. The boys watched and the geeks giggled to each other, and she knew they were getting hard from this, and that made her feel even better, knowing she was pleasing her young masters, knowing they were going to make her cum soon.

She felt herself melt against Lisa and press into her harder as their kissing deepened and the two began to pant with arousal. The boys controlled their vibes and made their pussies ache and their legs squirm and shake, and the two moaned and whimpered as their tongues sloppily lapped at one another and the boys drank and watched. Samantha was embarrassed that Lisa's touch and the vibration and stimulation was turning her on, but the more Lisa touched her and kissed her, and the longer the boys teased them with the vibrators, the more her arousal grew and she began to probe her tongue deeply and moan desperately into Lisa's mouth. She found her hands wandering across Lisa's latex-covered body and groping at her, squeezing and rubbing her as her own body lit up in fireworks of sensation from the girl's reciprocal touches.

"Good girls! This is awesome! Now get down on your knees, put your hands behind your heads, and give us an ahegao pose!"

Samantha had no idea what the hell that meant, but she looked at Lisa as they both sank to their knees and laced their fingers together behind their heads, and saw the girl groaning and glaring at the men in embarrassment. She was the same generation as these guys, so she probably knew what this "ahegao" they were talking about was, and wasn't looking forward to it.

Once she assumed the pose on her knees, the girl opened her mouth wide, crossing her eyes in an expression clearly meant to make her look empty-headed and dumb, and stuck her garbled tongue out as far as the latex sheath would allow, as if in invitation to the men to use her mouth. Samantha groaned when she realized what the anime dweebs wanted her to do, but in her near-orgasmic haze, she obediently obeyed and stuck her tongue out as well, crossing her eyes until the men at the table duplicated and grew fuzzy in her double-vision.

The men cheered, "hell yeah!" "awesome!"

"You guys are fucking awesome!"

Samantha was panting and desperate, she was sure her face was bright red as she held the ridiculous, slutty, humiliating pose for these men. She'd have to cum soon or she'd lose her mind, she thought. Lisa looked so silly, with her tongue sticking out, her mouth open, drool dripping down its latex-coated tip, and her eyes crossed and blank, like a total moron. She knew she probably looked just as dumb, and she groaned at the thought.

"Okay girls, time for your orgasms! Now let's see you cum your brains out! Cum like dumb kitties for us! We'll count to three, and on three you cum, okay? Ready?"

Lisa and Samantha groaned and nodded, both in silly, lewd ahegao poses.

"Ready? One…"

"Puh-leeth…" Samantha groaned.

"Two…"

"Mm…mmm…uhh…uhhhhhh…phuuuuuhh…"

"Three! Cum, kitties! Cum for your masters!"

Lisa and Samantha threw their heads back, their eyes rolling into their heads, as their masters pushed the button and made the vibe in their pussies pound with a constant and powerful pulsation. Lisa's mouth hung open and Samantha let out a high-pitched, wordless cry, straining her tongue against its latex sheath to keep it sticking out for the men, afraid they'd cut her vibe off before she managed to cum.

Samantha and Lisa writhed and groaned as they shuddered and orgasmed, their pussies clamping down hard around the vibroshock egg within. Samantha felt like her pussy and her brain were on fire with electric pleasure as she rode the waves of the first orgasm of many, panting and gasping with the ahegao pose she had to keep. Her eyes were unfocused and her face was burning, she could barely control her body, her legs, arms, and head all twitching as she struggled to stay upright and kneeling. But the pose was so humiliating, the dorks at the table were grinning like maniacs, but they looked like a blur to her, her eyes unfocused and rolling up into the back of her head. Her vision was dark and blurry at the edges as the men laughed and watched her cum in an ahegao pose. She didn't care, she was lost in the relief she'd craved for hours now, her pussy and asshole both on fire as her body spasmed in ecstasy.

The vibrations from the eggs slowly subsided, and the two women knelt panting and groaning in the afterglow of what may have been the most intense orgasm of their lives. It had certainly been Samantha's. The young man who'd controlled the vibroshocks put down his phone and took a sip of beer. The other men at the table chuckled, looking the two women over, flushed, sweating, and panting, with their hands laced behind their heads and their eyes rolled back.

"All right, now say 'thank you senpai' to me and my friends, and mew like some kawaii kitties," he said with a lecherous smile.

Samantha was in the dark again, having no idea what these anime dweebs were talking about, but she and Lisa both said, "phagg yuh thempahh, myah, myah, myaaah," in broken voices and tried their best to mew like cats. The young men laughed uproariously.

Samantha wondered if the dorks had anything else planned for them, or if that was it for the day. The young men seemed to be the last guests in the club, and Cindy was walking over to the table.

"Sorry, masters, but the club is closing. I hope you had fun with your girls, but it's time for them to get back to their master for some training," Cindy explained, and the men groaned but accepted that their time was up, "thank your masters for generously allowing you to cum, then follow me back to the supply room, girls."

"Phegg yuh fuh the ugg-gathum, mah-tuhz," the two women groaned as they got to their feet. They bowed to their masters and followed Cindy, heads still a little fuzzy and their pussies still sensitive and throbbing with aftershocks.

When they got to the supply room, their eggs led them to the shelf and they took off their trays, then were led to the end of a line of all the girls who'd been working that shift. It turned out there had been eight of them in total, and Samantha and Lisa took up their spots at the far end, groaning as their vibroshocks buzzed their sensitive, throbbing pussies steadily as their reward for finding their spot. As Cindy stepped forward and addressed the girls, two guards came in and began removing the women's gags and plugs, sending the used items back up the pneumatic tubes and re-gagging them with white permaseals and med-balls. Samantha didn't know what kind of ball was being used, but one of the guards grinned at a slavegirl as he stuffed it in her mouth, saying, "aren't you a lucky girl. I know these are your favorite."

The girl blushed but nodded and affirmed, "mm-hmm!! MMMmmmm…" it sounded like she was saying it was delicious, rather than just moaning or grunting. Maybe this was something to look forward to?

"All right, time for debriefing. The only poor buzz/shock ratio we had today was Megan here," Cindy pointed to the end of the line of girls opposite of where Lisa and Samantha stood. The girl, a short brunette in her twenties, yelped as she was shocked by her egg, "you only got two buzzes for every shock today, Megan, and these numbers are unacceptable. I know this was only your second day on the job, but HaremCo is looking for you to shape up by tomorrow, or you'll spend your evenings in the Dungeon until your average score improves."

Megan yelped and whimpered at the shock and the thought of spending time in the Dungeon, but Cindy was quick to praise the rest of the slavegirls. "As for everyone else, good work. We've got a lot of happy customers tonight, and they were all impressed and pleased by the level of obedience, silence, and submissiveness that our girls have been showing. Especially you, Lisa, good work," Cindy said with an encouraging tone, "eight orgasms and twelve times more buzzes than shocks is impressive. Keep up the good work."

Lisa was flushed red with embarrassment and she grunted as the guard removed the tail plug from her asshole, glowering as he changed her gag and smoothed the permaseal over his lips with a burly thumb.

"For being the top score today, you'll be rewarded with one more orgasm," Cindy pressed a button on her tablet and Lisa squealed and flushed even harder as her vibe erupted inside her, clearly overwhelmed with pleasure but also humiliated by being brought to orgasm in front of everyone, gagged and locked in place by her vibroshock's "lock" function.

"Also, based on your performance in light petplay, I've noted in your file that you may have high potential for animal transformation training," remarked Cindy, and Lisa's eyes widened in apprehension and shot up to stare at her mistress, horrified at what 'animal transformation' might mean, "Our guests absolutely adored your little performances in your tail and kitty ears, and you may find you enjoy a feline role. Or who knows, maybe you'll be a ponygirl, a puppygirl, or something else entirely. Our FreakPet trainers will help you find a role that you can embrace fully, and your life can be much simpler and even quite wholesome if you decide to become a pet. Samantha, you did quite well in a kitty role as well," she turned to Samantha, whose heart fluttered as the guards finally arrived to re-gag her, "but I think your master has other plans for you in the Dollhouse. Do let him know if you're interested in petplay, though, it can be a much easier path to completing your training than others."

The guard grabbed her by the cheeks and forced her mouth open, inserting a stick of solvent into her mouth and rubbing it along the mouthguard on her lower teeth. It was invasive and uncomfortable, like going to the dentist, but she was happy to finally have the garble removed. She couldn't stand to speak in that pathetic, garbled babytalk anymore. The guard took out the mouthguard, and Samantha felt relief to have her mouth free again. The garble was promptly sent back up the tube.

As the guard pulled her head back and forced the white ball between her teeth, Samantha wondered if it was another stim-ball, or something different. It squished slightly under the force of the man's fingers as he pushed it behind her lips, and she noticed a slightly sweet taste as she closed her lips over the rubbery ball. A burly hand pressed a white permaseal to her face, then the man smoothed the adhesive with a broad, strong hand.

"All right ladies, now that you've got your new gags in, let's go. You two have group training in your meeting room with Master Dominic, and the rest of you have your assigned evening duties. Follow your eggs, ladies. Dismissed."

Samantha felt her egg pulse three quick times, and felt it continue to buzz in hot-cold mode as she walked with the other slavegirls out of the supply room, then out of the club with Lisa in tow.

---

Samantha avoided eye contact with Lisa as they silently followed the pulses in their pussies through the labyrinthine compound. She couldn't stop thinking about the fact that they'd just kissed, on command, with humiliating latex garbles coating their tongues, in front of a table full of anime dweebs.

She couldn't help but remember how Lisa's lips had felt, so soft, and her body, too. She remembered the heat and excitement in her chest, how it had built as Lisa kissed her more deeply and the way Lisa's fingers had touched and squeezed her body, her hands running over her latex covered breasts. Her body felt warm again, and her cheeks felt hot with shame as she realized that she'd been growing more and more affectionate towards her feminist roommate since they'd met, just as she had with Abby. She wondered if it was normal for slavegirls to begin to form bonds like this, if it was a natural consequence of being so helpless, so sexually stimulated, and so dependent on each other for emotional support.

Maybe it was a side-effect of her HaremCo training, or maybe she just wanted to make a connection in a lonely and alienating environment. Whatever it was, Samantha found herself worrying for Lisa's wellbeing, hoping her experience had not been as frightening or traumatic as her own, hoping she could help the girl somehow and maybe help her to feel a little less afraid and alone.

On their way back to their meeting room, Samantha realized her attention was beginning to drift, and she found it difficult to concentrate on anything at all, except the soft, rubbery texture of the ball in her mouth. Her eyes wandered, unfocused, and her jaw ached as her mind fixated on the sensation of the ball squishing between her teeth.

The ball tasted slightly sweet, like it was full of sugary syrup, or maybe honey. As she bit into it, the flavor got stronger. Her mouth was beginning to feel warm, and she felt the need to idly suckle and bite at the ball, hyper-aware of the sensation of the rubber sphere in her mouth and the latex glued to her lips and cheeks. It was sort of like the compulsion to scratch a persistent itch, or to tongue a sore spot in the mouth. As deeply pleasurable as it was, it was frustratingly moreish. There had to be something in these balls like the medication in the skinsuit's lube, Samantha realized, that was making her mouth hypersensitive.

She turned to Lisa as they walked, pussies buzzing with every step toward the meeting room, and pointed to her permasealed lips, brow furrowed in a wordless question as she moaned, "mmm…mm?"

Lisa looked back at her with a pained expression and a helpless shrug, shaking her head as if to say she didn't know what was going on. She clawed gently at her lips through the permaseal, her jaw and lips straining against the gag, clearly bothered by the overstimulation.

As they got closer to the meeting room, they were gradually joined by more women they recognized from their class, all coming from different directions but converging at the same programmed location as dictated by their vibroshocks. Samantha couldn't wait to see Abby again, and she hoped Jessica had managed to behave today so she wouldn't have to sleep gagged and restrained again.

When they entered the meeting room, they saw the same familiar kneeling pads at the foot of the empty stage, but before each pad stood a sturdy metal tripod, about waist-high, with a realistic-looking dildo mounted at the top. There were thick steel wrist shackles affixed to the tripods on either side of the dildos, and beneath each dildo dangled a thick, heavy-duty metal spring about six inches in length.

The slavegirls each followed the pulses from their vibroshocks to a particular pad, then knelt and moaned as the devices rewarded them. They looked apprehensively at each other and at the dildos that wobbled in front of their faces, nervously awaiting the entrance of Dominic and their captains.

Lisa knelt near the back of the group, while Samantha was front and center. She looked over her shoulder towards the entrance, eagerly awaiting her Master's arrival. She saw no sign of him yet, but she saw Abby walk through the doorway, a dreamy look in her eyes as she covered her permasealed mouth with both hands, like a schoolgirl hiding a giggle. She didn't notice at first when Samantha waved at her, but she caught her eye and seemed to snap out of a trance, waving back and making her way to kneel on the pad next to Samantha. She groaned deeply as the egg inside her pulsed with her reward.

Samantha noticed there were a few empty pads, and Jessica was nowhere to be seen. She wondered briefly where the remaining women were, but her question was answered when Dominic strode into the room and up to the podium on the stage. Behind him walked Carol and Nicole, each holding two slavegirls' leashes in their hands, and trailing behind at the ends of the leashes were the four missing slavegirls, including Jessica. The four of them were bound tightly with metal shackles at their ankles, knees, wrists, and elbows. The shackles were connected by short, three-inch chains that allowed almost no separation of their limbs. The woman wore the same white dresses and permaseals as their better-behaved counterparts, and they grunted and panted through their noses as they hopped laboriously along, struggling to keep up with their captains and to keep their balance.

"Good evening, and congratulations on a successful first day of service to those of you who are kneeling on your pads, as you should be," Dominic began as the captains led the errant slavegirls up to the stage and lined them up behind their master.

"Since you first arrived at HaremCo yesterday morning, you women have been subjected to a constant level of helplessness, stimulation, and behavioral expectation that none of you had experienced in your life previously. You're probably amazed that you've made it through, and you may have found yourself enjoying the experience, even if it's scary at first. That's normal," Dominic continued, every set of eyes in the room fixed on their master, the most powerful man in the universe as far as these women were concerned.

"The reason so many modern women are reluctant to take on their natural, submissive role is that the costs of this role come up front: you lose control of every aspect of your life, including your body and your speech. The rewards come to a woman only after she has adjusted to and accepted her role, and even then, only if she is guided and trained properly, and if her mental health is supported. In the modern world, women are prescribed drugs for stress, depression, anxiety, all to help them cope with the unnaturally masculine role they're expected to fill these days. At HaremCo, we've developed safer, non-habit-forming medications designed to support a woman as she adapts back to her natural state of obedience. This includes your nutrient smoothies, our med-ball oral supplement delivery system, and the calming euphoric substances we use to lubricate our skinsuits. If you're surprised that you've been able to handle your ordeal the past few days, despite how scary you thought it would all be, that's likely why."

As Samantha's skin flushed warmly in her suit, the mystery med-ball delicious and supple on her tongue, she knew Dominic was right: she was able to cope, even though her situation was completely terrifying. In fact, all she really wanted was to know what she needed to do next, and how she could earn the affection and sexual attention of her master.

"The good news is that unless your future masters keep you in long-term bondage, like HaremCo does with its slaves, you won't need such a strict regimen for your whole lives. In fact, after a few weeks here, the changes to your behavior and mental health will become essentially permanent. You'll still get tingles when you obey a command, you'll still be calmed and soothed by the feeling of your mouth being filled, and, thanks to the wonderful g-balls that all of you except the four delinquents behind me have in your mouths, your mouth will become a permanent erogenous zone, capable of the same levels of pleasure as your clit, or your g-spot, and able to render orgasms just as intense."

Samantha's eyes widened, and she exchanged a look with Abby, whose eyes were still dreamy with lust. So THAT was what was in her mouth: a g-ball. She realized it had felt good to suck and chew on the ball, but now she understood why she felt such a compulsion to work her mouth: her oral cavity was hyper-sensitive, especially the tip of her tongue, which felt almost like a little clit when she tickled the ball with the very end, and the deep recesses of her throat, which throbbed and pulsed with waves of euphoria with every swallow.

Suddenly her mouth felt even more desperately trapped and restricted, and she wished it were free so she could feel its insides with her fingers, probing her newly sensitive areas. She wished she could rip the permaseal off her lips and go to town on the dildo that hung, slightly limp, teasingly close to her face.

"You may have noticed that our stim-balls, along with allowing you to forgo food, water, and the bathroom all day, also entirely suppress the gag reflex. This is a safety feature, preventing a woman from choking with a gag stuck long-term in the back of her throat. But it also allows for deep-throat orgasms in combination with a g-ball, and that's what you will all be experiencing today. As you can see, once you get over the initial shock of adjusting to submission, your world opens up into a life of pleasure and satisfaction. Nicole, Carol, start getting these ladies set up. I'm sure they're dying to get those plasters off."

Carol and Nicole descended from the stage and started ungagging the women one by one, locking their wrists in the shackles on the tripods and hooking their collars to the heavy-duty springs when they'd placed their mouths on the dildos. Samantha saw the first woman Nicole hooked up to the springs, and watched her head shoot forward, pulled hard towards the tripod by the tension in the spring. In an instant, the dildo disappeared into her mouth and she groaned in muffled surprise and, Samantha thought, pleasure.

It seemed that with their collars attached to the springs, the women would be able to bring their heads back until just a few inches remained in their mouths, but then the tension would prevent them from removing the silicone phalluses entirely. They'd be able to fuck their own mouths with the dildos, and to pull them out of their throats to breathe, but the springs would inexorably pull their mouths back down to the molded testicles at the base.

"The four of you who didn't perform well today," Dominic continued as the captains gradually secured the good slavegirls to their dildo tripods, "will serve as an example of how frustratingly unfulfilling the life of a half-ass submissive can be. You four haven't been given g-balls, as I'm sure you've noticed. Instead, you've been given slur-balls, which will entirely numb your mouths, preventing you from speaking properly and causing you to drool without noticing. The effects will last well into the night, so your chit-chat in your quarters will be quite undignified. And, of course, you won't experience the oral delights that your fellow slavegirls have earned. While their mouths have become a beautiful source of reward and satisfaction, yours have been taken away entirely."

Samantha watched, transfixed and horrified, as Dominic removed the plasters and white med-balls from the women's mouths with a stick of solvent. The women sputtered and drooled, their lips limp and tongues clumsy.

"Fwuh vuhh phuuugh, ah khaah phee muh mowwwph…" Jessica tried to speak when the slur-ball fell from her lips, but she sounded like Samantha had when she'd been garbled, or maybe even worse. Samantha felt a surge of pity for the woman, but forgot entirely about Jessica and the other poor three when she felt Carol stroke her cheek.

She looked up in eager anticipation of her reward, and Carol smiled back down at her, then took her hands and placed her wrists in the shackles atop the tripod, locking them down with a secure-sounding click. Her arms were out in front of her, bent 90 degrees up at the elbow, keeping her locked by the wrists to the dildo tripod.

"No speaking between gags, Ms. Steele, just put your mouth right on the dildo when I take your g-ball out. You're in for a real treat! I remember my first time," Carol rubbed a stick of solvent all over Samantha's permaseal, and Samantha's cheeks and lips felt ultra-sensitive as the cold air hit them once the plaster fell away.

Carol took the ball from Samantha's mouth, and she hungrily plunged onto the dildo, groaning as she felt it slide across her tongue.

"Good girl!" Carol squealed, then she hooked the spring onto Samantha's collar, and her head jerked forward, all six inches of the dildo sliding into her mouth, the tip tickling the back of her throat.

Samantha had thought the tip of her tongue was the most sensitive part, but the back of her throat exploded with the kind of pleasure that called to mind a skilled finger on her g-spot. Samantha groaned soft and ragged, but with the cock in her throat she couldn't breathe properly. She pulled back a few inches and gasped in a breath, then let the spring pull her back down to feel the mass of silicone in the back of her throat once more. She was trapped between straining against the spring to clear her airways and feel the head of the dildo slide across her tongue, and relaxing her muscles and allowing the spring to yank her face forward and shove the cock to the back of her throat.

And she loved it. She'd never felt anything like this before, and she was shocked that her mouth and throat were genuinely responding like a sex organ, exploding in sensitivity and pleasure. She tried to look for Abby but couldn't turn her head at all with the cock in her mouth. In the corner of her eye, she saw the brunette woman bobbing her head furiously, the length of her dildo disappearing into her mouth then reappearing as she pulled back.

The pleasure in Samantha's mouth and throat grew more intense with every second, and she savored the feeling as her throat was penetrated and her tongue felt the veins and head of the dildo sliding back and forth along its length. It was better than most of the vaginal sex she'd ever had. Her pussy was throbbing too, but her vibroshock wasn't pulsing, she was getting off from the oral stimulation on its own. Her body was hot and sweating in her skinsuit, and her eyes watered as she strained to take in more oxygen. She pulled her head back and took in a breath, and when her head was pulled forward again she was brought to an intense climax, the dildo buried in her throat.

Samantha groaned loudly around the shaft as she came, her lips and tongue on fire as they felt every minutia of texture on the surface of the dildo, her throat spasming and swallowing hard on the plastic cock's head, her pussy clenching hard but almost forgotten, a secondary effect of the cascade of overwhelming pleasure in her mouth. It was a genuine, pure oral orgasm, and the experience was bizarre and foreign, but insidiously addictive. Samantha barely recovered before she had at it again, shrieking in muffled ecstasy as she pleasured her own mouth with the plastic cock.

Samantha noticed dimly that the four slavegirls on the stage were chanting something. It was obviously incoherent, and they were being made to speak with their slur-ball-numbed mouths to humiliate them. It sounded like they were saying, "mah maff iv uh phibblib, ih mah maff pflibbib, mah maff iv wawaddib, ih mah maff uhffenv, mah maff iv dehkkim eweh," and Samantha thought it was meant to be, "my mouth is a privilege, if my mouth pleases, my mouth is rewarded, if my mouth offends, my mouth is taken away." They slobbered and grimaced as they worked their useless, numb mouths, quivering in their tight shackles and struggling to keep their balance with their legs and arms pinned together.

Suddenly Dominic was in front of her, and Samantha looked up wide-eyed and desperate at the face of her master. He stroked her hair as she bobbed her head, still hungry for the plastic cock, and he whispered, "good girl, Samantha. I'm very proud of you. You're everything you're supposed to be. You're a real woman, Samantha, and you deserve a real cock," he stepped forward until his crotch was touching Samantha's shackled hands, and she excitedly, if clumsily, felt his cock through his pants.

He was hard, his cock pushed off to one side in his pants, and Samantha couldn't look away from his bulge, couldn't help but try to feel his length, his girth, his shape with her fingertips. She was desperate for the man, but she'd still never even seen his cock, let alone sucked it or felt it inside her. She was desperate to know what it was like, what he would feel like and look like down there.

"Do you want my cock instead of a plastic one, Samantha?" he asked, teasing her.

She couldn't nod, couldn't speak, she just kept bobbing her head on the dildo and moaned, "mm-hmm, mm-hmm." It was all she could think about. His cock was right there, under her fingertips, but she was completely helpless to do anything about it. Was he really about to give it to her? In front of everybody? It was a mad hope, but Samantha couldn't help but imagine it.

"I'm sending you to the Dollhouse tomorrow," the man said as he stepped back and withdrew his cock from Samantha's hands, "be the perfect doll for me tomorrow, and I'll give you a taste of my cock."

With that he stepped away and on to the next slavegirl, leaving Samantha desperately fantasizing and clutching the air with her rubbery fingers, the feeling of her master's shaft still playing on repeat in her head. She would do anything they told her to at the dollhouse. She would go the extra mile. She'd do whatever it took to earn her master's cock, and if she pleased him, she'd be that much closer to marrying him, and being truly his. As she thought about how he would taste, how he would sound when she made him cum, she closed her eyes and came again, obediently and helplessly face-fucking the dildo on her tripod.

Eventually, the captains made their way around the group and regagged the women with nite-balls and permaseals, releasing them from the tripods. Samantha was frustrated when they pulled the dildo out of her mouth and trapped her sensitive oral cavity behind a plaster, but before long the nite-ball had her calm, sedated, and desperate for the bathroom in her quarters.

---

Dominic dismissed the women and their vibroshocks led them to their rooms, the great metal doors closing automatically when the system detected all four vibroshocks were in the room. It felt like only moments before it opened again and Carol stepped in, chatting in her giggly, bubbly way as she collected their dresses, peeled off their skinsuits, withdrew the vibroshocks from their pussies, and sent the gear up the pneumatic tube.

"You girls will have to keep those nite-balls in while you shower, you'll want to make sure you get the full dose," she chirped as the women filed into the automatic shower, ready to be blasted with soapy water and power-dried at the end of a bizarre day.

Four fresh dresses were waiting for them when they exited the bathroom, and they put them on while Carol produced a stick of solvent and began helping them remove their gags.

When Jessica's gag came off, she sputtered, indignant, "wuh duh phugg, ah ftiww khand tahk."

"That's right, Jessica, there's nothing to be done but to wait for the feeling to come back to your mouth. That slur-ball's effect won't wear off until around morning. I really hope after sleeping sacked and gagged your first night, and now being slur-balled and unable to articulate yourself when you finally introduce yourself to your roommates, you'll take a serious look at your behavior. There's hope for you yet, Jessica, but you're off to a bad start, and you'll have a long road ahead of you to get back to your husband."

Carol moved on to the other girls and Jessica, grumbling, hobbled to the toilet. When all the women were ungagged, they were free to speak to each other for the first time since that morning.

"Well, ladies, I'm glad to see you're all settling in. Don't forget to eat your nutrient smoothie and drink your water rations. The door won't open tomorrow morning until they're all empty. Oh, and one more thing," Carol caressed Samantha's cheek then put her thumb on Samantha's lower lip, gently prying her lips apart and then sliding two fingers into Samantha's mouth. Samantha was shocked how naturally she found herself obeying even the slightest hints of commands, opening her mouth without a second's hesitation and sucking Carol's latex-covered fingers with a gentle moan. Carol gently stroked along her tongue with her fingertips, and Samantha felt her mouth light up with fireworks, her tongue quivering with pleasure at the woman's gentle rubbery fingertips.

"Just as Jessica's slur-ball won't wear off until the morning, you three are still experiencing the effects of your g-balls. You'll enjoy your nutrient and water nozzles a little extra tonight, and you may find you have an urge to, shall we say, exchange some oral affection with your fellow slavegirls. Just don't stay up too late making out! Your nite-balls should have you asleep within an hour anyway."

"Wait a minute…" Lisa's attention was visibly piqued by the idea of fraternizing with her roommates, and she seemed to have looked straight at Abby when the subject was brought up. Samantha had found herself feeling strangely affectionate with Lisa at the club earlier, and with Abby since they first were auctioned off together, but she chalked that up to a need for security while she was helpless and the chemicals making her crave touch. Lisa, on the other hand, was starting to seem like she was bisexual to begin with.

"Is it really okay for us to kiss each other, or to be sexual with one another? I thought HaremCo's whole thing was conservative traditionalism, wouldn't sex between women be forbidden? Plus it's cheating on our master, right?"

"Oh no, no no," Carol smiled and clicked her tongue as she corrected the blue-haired girl, "your sexuality belongs to your master, and he can allow you, or command you, to share it with anyone else, including your fellow slavegirls. HaremCo thinks it's natural for slavegirls to form deep, affectionate bonds, and to care for each other emotionally and physically. Sex between slavegirls, of course, is not true lovemaking, not the consummation of a sacred bond that sex with your master will be. But it's highly encouraged, and for masters with large harems, it's absolutely necessary to make sure that each slave's needs are met. Even if your master could satisfy a dozen women, as I'm sure Master Dominic could, he wouldn't have time to get around to everybody every day. A woman is naturally sensual and affectionate, and that extends to other women, particularly those in the same harem."

Samantha let out a groan and a sigh as Carol slid her fingers out of her mouth, salivating profusely and needy for stimulation. She'd thought her pre-orgasmic haze was over for the day when she'd had the dildo taken out of her mouth, but apparently it would continue until the nite-ball's medicine finally put her to sleep.

"All right, I have to get to my other girls now. Just remember to eat and drink up before you get down to business," Carol said with a wink, and then walked up to the door and knocked twice. A guard opened the door for her, and the door clanked back into place as she strode past the exit. The four of them were locked up for the night, and quickly getting sleepy.

Lisa was leering with a sly grin towards Abby, who blushed and crawled over to her water dispenser, moaning and bobbing her head unnecessarily up and down on the plastic nozzle as she took a long drink. The other three followed suit, desperate for water and aroused by the plastic filling their sensitive mouths.

Jessica was the only one who didn't moan in pleasure as she sucked the nozzles. She had a difficult time of it without the ability to feel her mouth, and she dribbled water and nutrient smoothie down her chin and onto her pillow.

"Vif iv buh-shib," she complained as she wiped her mouth with her bedsheet, "wah ah guhd doo beh thluh-baww? Ith nah pfay…pfugg diff…"

"Of course it's bullshit," said Lisa, "this whole thing is just a fascist, misogynistic fantasy come true. When I get out of here I'm going to report on the way they're treating you, Jessica, mark my words."

"I'm sorry you're being punished, too, Jessica," said Abby, walking over to Jessica's bed and putting her hand on the woman's shoulder. Abby was only a little older than Lisa, though her husband had been older, and she had a true, radiant but demure gentleness when she was showing compassion or affection. Samantha thought that of all the roommates, Abby was probably the most natural submissive. As scared as she'd been being permasealed and auctioned off the first time, Samantha thought Abby might truly enjoy the lifestyle she was training for.

"I know it's hard to talk right now, but if you need support, you can ask us. Maybe we can help you learn to cope with everything we're going through, so you can fix your behavior and avoid these punishments," Abby gently stroked Jessica's back with her fingertips as the woman finished eating, a little over halfway through the smoothie and water in the dispensers.

"Ih nah muh pfaw," Jessica scowled awkwardly, her forehead scrunching up while her dark, full lips hung lazily open, her wet tongue lolling fat and clumsy between them when she spoke, "ah kahh heph ih. Peh-puh dih-ruh-pekkh muh, fuggh vem. Kihh muh aff." The woman held up both her middle fingers on either side of her face, looking boorish and rude with her slack jaw and lips failing to convey any dignified sort of anger.

"I'm sorry people are hurting your feelings, Jessica," Abby said, a miffed frown creeping onto her face in spite of her compassion, "but sometimes criticism is necessary for you to grow, you know? Our captains, and Master Dominic, they have to be firm in their critiques, but it's just tough love, right? If you don't take it personally, you can learn from them, and you'll be pleasing your master and getting rewarded like us in no time! That slur-ball seems like a bad time, but if you're good tomorrow, maybe you'll get to try a g-ball! I've never experienced anything like it, right, girls? How fun was it to orgasm orally? Going down on my husband wasn't ever my favorite, to be honest, but I'm excited to try it when I get back to him!"

"Yeah, it's kind of amazing," Samantha said, her tongue and throat still tingling and yearning after having sucked her dispenser nozzles slowly and indulgently, "I know it's hard, Jessica, but I think if you work hard and start getting rewards like this, you'll have an easier time adjusting. It's not fair to expect you to embrace your role when you've only ever seen the bad side of it, right?"

"Jesus, it really is easy for you two, isn't it?" said Lisa, her voice filled with self-pity more than contempt for Samantha and Abby, "I mean, the oral stimulation feels good, but for women like me and Jessica, it's still humiliating and violating to be forced to cum in front of strange men, to be dominated, controlled, and objectified like this."

"Yah, fuggh vif," Jessica chimed in.

"Still, Jessica, you have to be smart about this. Strategize," said Lisa, pointing to her temple in the universal gesture for 'use your brain.' "There's really no winning this except to do what they say, make them think you're really being reconditioned, really being brainwashed by all of this, and get out of here as early as possible. I don't want to be here either, but you don't see me fighting a losing battle and being punished, do you? Because it's pointless."

Abby's lip quivered slightly, and she stood up, clearly upset, "Look, I know you two are having a hard time, and I hate seeing you suffer. I just want everyone to get along, and love each other, and be happy, but…this is obviously harder for you two than it is for me. I'm scared, but this is what I want: to please people, to be desired, to serve my loved ones. That's why I'm here. So why are you two here, if you hate submitting so much? Didn't you both sign your consent waivers? Didn't you choose to be here?"

Lisa looked down at the floor, then shook her head slightly, "you're not wrong, Abby. That's part of why I'm playing along, doing what I'm told. I signed up for this. But not because I believe in it. They're giving scholarships to women's studies majors across the country, hoping we won't call their bluff and actually go through with the training. Or, that once we've gone through the training, we'll be too brainwashed to expose them. I'm going to get my education paid for, and I'm going to write about everything that really goes on here, so people can see what they're voting for if they vote Blume in November. So I accept that this is happening to me, and I'm not complaining, I just don't think it's right."

"Well maybe it's right for me. For some women, like Samantha, and me, and millions of others," said Abby, still pouting, "so it sounds like you're saying there's something wrong with me. I mean, I had FUN today! I never would have tried petplay with my husband, but I spent the day at the Kennels and I just loved being a cute little puppy for everyone. Everyone adored me, I felt so cute, and I got to brighten up everyone's day who saw me. It feels so simple, so pure, even wholesome, like the real love that people have for pets. If women like me want to choose that, and want it to be real, to mean something beyond sexy roleplay, do you think that's disgusting, or horrible, or wrong?"

"I mean…" Lisa blushed and drew circles in her bedsheets with her fingertips, "I kinda think that's fucking hot…but then I've always had a thing for subby girls…hypocrite, I know, but what are you going to do, right? A kink's a kink, and I like to dom girls…"

Samantha and Jessica stared wide-eyed at Lisa, shocked she would be so forward, and that it turned out she liked bondage despite railing against HaremCo's misogyny. Abby started to grin and blush, but caught herself quickly and pretended to still be pouting. Samantha wondered how much of this discussion was Abby trying to bring the conversation to this point. Everyone had seen how Lisa looked at her, and Abby had really been pushing her buttons.

"So you could still respect me if I got on all fours," Abby teasingly lowered herself down to her hands and knees on the cell floor, "crawled like a dog, followed you on a leash, and followed your commands," she crawled over to where Lisa sat on the bed and Samantha watched, aroused by the sight of the two young women's nearly explicit foreplay, "and panted and whimpered like a dog, or let you muzzle me," Abby panted with her tongue lolling out, making pitiful puppy-dog eyes at Lisa, who sat transfixed as she watched Abby's display of submission, "you wouldn't think that was disgusting?"

"Uh, n-n-no…I mean, that is, it'd be, uh, h-hot," Lisa stuttered as Abby crawled closer and closer, the older woman now leaning back on the bed, lying prone on her back with Abby over her on her hands and knees, her hands on the bed on either side of Lisa's chest.

"Well, maybe, if you like domming women," Abby said, her eyes half-lidded as she whispered softly, inches from Lisa's, "you can appreciate getting to experience what it's like on the other side. If you think it'd be hot to have me as your puppygirl, why wouldn't it be hot for you to be a petgirl too? We could play together as petgirls, and maybe I'd think you were as hot as you found me. What animal would you want to be, if you could play with me as a puppy?" Abby's fingertips traced Lisa's cheeks, which were blushing beet red.

"Um…I mean they put a tail and cat ears on me at the club today, and like, I fucking hated it, it was humiliating, you know? But I dunno, maybe, uh…would you like me like that? As a…" she gulped and mostly held back the urge to roll her eyes, "as a catgirl?" Lisa physically cringed when she said the word, but Abby suddenly brushed her lips against Lisa's, moaning as their sensitive lips touched softly.

Abby giggled, "you're so bashful, Lisa. It's adorable. I think it's hot watching you struggle with a role reversal, and I think you're going to learn to enjoy being just like the sub girls you like to dominate. And I think I'll help you along," she grinned wickedly, "if you give us a meow, right now, I'll kiss you with tongue. You'd like that, wouldn't you? I know my mouth is still tingling, and I bet yours is too."

Lisa hesitated, then looked at Abby's soft, wet, inviting lips, then whispered, "…m-meow?"

Samantha gasped as she watched Abby plunge her mouth onto Lisa's, and the two women began passionately kissing. Abby took Lisa's wrists and gently moved them up, pinning them over the blue-haired woman's head on her bed as they kissed, Abby straddling her waist. Their muffled moans built quickly into a climax, and Jessica and Samantha exchanged a look as the two younger women made out. Jessica rolled her eyes, then rolled over and pulled her sheets over her body. Samantha watched for a few more moments, then turned, aroused but slightly sad at being left out, to her dispenser nozzles.

She took the water nozzle in her mouth and slid it to the back of her throat, moaning and shuddering as its tip tickled the newly erogenous zone. Without sucking much to avoid drinking too much water, she gradually brought herself to a final oral orgasm, rubbing her clit with a finger under her dress to give herself a final release of the night.

Utterly spent, she drifted off effortlessly, the sounds of Lisa and Abby's moaning fading slowly into nothingness. She dreamed, as always, of a dominant male presence, of hypnotic levels of sexual pleasure, and of a blissful surrender to her experience and her role.
