---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/the_twins.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Twins
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- M/mm
- kidnap
- bondage
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2002-08-20 00:00:00
---

The Twins
by Studbound
The
Twins

Jim came home from the university
at the usual time, but something was wrong. His twin brother, Tim, who
always got home a bit earlier, wasn't around. Tim always shot baskets or
watched television, or sat in the kitchen eating something out of the refrigerator.
But there was no sign of Tim. Jim was concerned.

Jim walked around the house,
looking for his brother. The twins were close, all the time generally knowing
what the other was doing. It was unlike Tim to go off somewhere and not
tell Jim. At twenty, the Stalder twins were almost inseparable. They were
a holy terror, driving their divorced mother and older sister to distraction
with their antics, always into trouble, wrecking the car or annoying the
neighbors. Good looking young men they were muscular, attractive, personable
and always with a girl hanging around. And they were always having difficulty
with the law or the people who lived around them. They were renegades.

Slowly, Jim climbed the stairs
to the bedroom the boys shared on the second floor of the small house.
Their mother and sister had bedrooms on the main floor, but Jim had found
nothing there.

As Jim walked into the upstairs
bedroom, he spotted his brother. Tim was laying on one of the two beds
that sat against the bedroom wall. He was nude, his wrists were tied behind
his back, his arms were tied to his body with two tightly secured wraps
of rope. His legs were tied in three places, and drawn up behind him in
a strict hog-tie. All of the man's lower face was covered with silver duct
tape. The bound student tried to warn his brother, tried to squirm and
alert him, but it was too late. Two sets of strong arms came out from behind
the door, and quickly the second twin was pulled down, with a hand over
his mouth, into the bedroom.

The strong arms started removing
the man’s clothes as a voice said, "You can cooperate or we'll do it the
hard way. Your choice."

Jim decided to cooperate.
There was no sense getting hurt. The two figures, covered in black clothes
and black hoods, were efficient as they stripped the young man, and bound
him exactly like his brother including a rubber ball that they put in his
mouth before wrapping his face with the tape.

============

Mrs. Stalder arrived home
at her usual time that evening. She was tired after her day at work, but
happy that she had a two-week-long vacation in front of her. She would
enjoy it, she was sure of that.

Inside the house, she saw
her daughter sitting watching television. "Did they do it?" she asked.

"Yes," smiled the daughter.
"They left a few hours ago."

"How were the boys? Did they
cause any trouble?"

"No problem," said the girl.
The men had them slung over their shoulders as they went out. Both of them
were bare-ass naked and all tied up, blindfolded and gagged."

"That's nice," said Mrs.
Stalder. "So we can relax. But we still have to get there. The agreement
is that we have to be there while the boys are there."

"I'm all packed," said the
sister. "Let's go."

As the two drove together,
the daughter listened to the radio while Mrs. Stalder thought back about
the events that had brought them to this point. As kids her sons, Tim and
Jim, had started playing tie-up games. First they tied up each other, but
eventually they involved some of the other kids in the neighborhood. The
games escalated, and there were problems when Mrs. Stalder would come home
and find some neighbor boy or girl all trussed up in the living room. Some
of the neighbors were quite angry at Jim and Tim, and wanted something
done about their escapades.

That's about when Mrs. Stalder
heard about the special resort in the mountains west of the city. She got
a brochure, and read the details. She called and talked to the manager
on the phone. She was especially interested in their special services.
Her boys seemed to like being tied up – they had been tying each other
up since they were little kids, so she concocted a plan to not only get
them bound and gagged, but to give them the thrill of being kidnapped without
any of the attendant dangers. The resort people seemed willing as long
as the twins weren’t really being kidnapped or harmed. Mrs. Stalder assured
them that her boys loved spending long hours in bondage, but the management
was not entirely convinced. They decided to send out an employee to investigate,
and the man arrived and talked to the sister, and to some of the neighbors.
All confirmed that Tim and Jim were really into bondage, had been so for
years, and that they would like to be tied up.

Finally the management agreed
to Mrs. Stalder's plan. On the set date, they sent two men to abduct the
boys, strip them, bind them, gag them, and take them to the resort and
hold them there in a closed room for three days. They would be fed once
a day, at different times, each bother would be allowed to exercise and
go to the bathroom twice a day - not together. 
Otherwise, they would be
hog-tied and gagged in a darkened room, not allowed to wander, or see anyone
else. They would be led to believe that they had been kidnapped and that
the kidnappers were waiting for Mrs. Stalder to come up with the ransom
money.

==============

As Mrs. Stalder sat in a
reclining chair next to the swimming pool, her daughter, who had just completed
a dive, climbed out onto the deck and walked over to her mother.

"This is a wonderful place,"
she gushed. "I love it here. There's swimming, horse back riding, tennis,
trails to hike, neat movies in the evening, just everything. And it's so
nice and peaceful. With my brothers somewhere bound and gagged, it’s so
quiet and nothing to worry about what they’ll be doing next.  What
could be better than that?"

"It is nice, isn't it?" Mrs.
Stalder asked rhetorically. "I feel so rested."

"Today I went to the soccer
game It was fun. No brothers annoying me. Mom, can't we stay longer?"

"Well, maybe a couple more
days," said Mrs. Stalder.  "I'll talk to the management and see if
that's possible.

================

In the dark room where the
twins lay bound and gagged on their respective beds, it was very quiet.
Then, slowly the door opened, and Mrs. Stalder slowly walked in, with a
figure in black on either side of her. Seeing her, the two boys squirmed
and made noise into their gags.

"Be brave, my darlings,"
said Mrs. Stalder in a sincere tone of voice. "I know it's difficult, but
I'm having trouble raising the ransom money. A few more days. That's all."

"The men began moving Mrs.
Stalder back toward the door. "They said I could only stay a minute," she
said. "They brought me here blindfolded, so I don't know where you are.
But don't worry, we haven't forgotten you."

Then the three people left
the room. Even in the dim light, Mrs. Stalder was sure she saw fear in
the eyes of both boys. They struggled with their ropes, and made animal
noises in their gags. Thinking back on what she saw, she smiled a little.

===============

"Well, did you see them?"
asked the sister.

Mrs. Stalder was back sitting
by the swimming pool. She looked over at her daughter. "Yes, I saw them.
They're having a wonderful time. They looked so happy. I'm sure they'll
enjoy staying here a few days longer. Maybe even the rest of the week."
