---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Quiet Night In
authors:
- Frenchman Pete
tags:
- M-f
- zentai
- latex
- hood
- bond
- darlex
- sleepsuit
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2010-04-06 00:00:00
---

This story was an entry into the 2010 Winter Fetish Story Contest

Sophie breathed a sigh of relief when the front door closed behind her. Everything she was wearing was soaking wet from the cold London rain, but she could smell the chicken Rogan cooking in the kitchen. The smell alone made her feel warmer.

Her fiancé Mike had texted her before she had left work. The lucky boy had managed to get away from work at half twelve and let her know that he was making curry tonight. It had all that she had been able to think about ever since.

She took off her waterproof jacket and hung it from the handlebars of her racing bike. Cold drops of rain tumbled on to the rubber mat as she kicked off her trainers

Now that she was home, there were only three things on Sophie’s mind – a long snog with Mike, a bottle of Grolsch and a nice hot shower.

Mike must have been reading her mind. He walked towards her from the kitchen with a cold beer in his hand and a big grin on his face.

“Hello, darling.”

“You’re a sight for sore eyes. Give me a kiss.”

“Mmm. My pleasure.”

Mike wrapped his arms around her and Sophie closed her eyes as they kissed deeply. When they parted, there were dark patches of rain water on Mike’s jeans and t-shirt.

“You’re a bit damp, Soph.”

“So are you now. Is that beer for me?”

“Of course.”

“How’s dinner coming?”

“You’ve got enough time for a good shower.”

“Is the hot water on?”

“Oh, yes. It’s been on for the last hour.”

“You’re ever so good to me.”

“It’s the least I could do for you, darling.”

“A towel would have been nice, though.”

“Smartarse.”

“Any post?”

“A couple of bills and a mysterious parcel for you.”

“Really.”

“It looks like it came from America.”

“Where is it?”

“I left it in the living room, Soph.”

“Thanks. I’ll have a look at it while I’m getting changed.”

“Don’t be too long. I’ve just put the rice on.”

“I won’t.  See you in a minute.”

Sophie kissed Mike again and pressed herself against him.

“You cheeky mare. You’re soaking. Get up those stairs and get changed.”

“Yes, mum.”

Mike went back into the kitchen and Sophie walked through into the living room. She stayed on her tiptoes and moved quickly to avoid getting water everywhere.

The package was on the coffee table. It was a plastic pouch with American stamps in one corner and her name on a white address label. The return address was Winter Fetish.

Sophie looked at herself in the mirror above the fireplace. Now she knew exactly what was in the parcel. Her smile lit up her face as she remembered the pictures of the black darlex sleepsack and dickie hood that she had ordered on impulse in January.

She picked up the package and walked upstairs to the front bedroom. Her hands were trembling a little as she put it down on the duvet, but she forced herself to be patient. It could wait until after she had had a shower and gotten changed. She took a sip of beer and opened her side of the wardrobe.

Sophie loved to play this kind of game with herself. Anticipation was a big turn on for her. Mike knew it and was very good at putting her in the kind of situations she enjoyed the most. They were the ones where she had no alternative but to let her imagination run wild while she waited for the sweet release of a screaming orgasm or three.

She laid out clean underwear, a pair of jeans, a vest and a fleece on the duvet. The routine distracted her from her thoughts of what was inside the parcel. Her legs had begun to tremble and Sophie knew that she needed to warm up quickly.

Sophie turned and walked out of the bedroom with her bottle of lager. The bathroom was at the end of the landing and she turned on the light as she went in.

While the water warmed up, Sophie took off the running tights and navy t-shirt that served as her uniform at the health club. She dropped them on top of the laundry basket and took a long drink of lager. The bottle was half full now.

Sophie put it down on the top of the toilet and took off her boy-shorts and sports bra. She stepped under the stream of hot water and washed the day off of her. It had been long and crap and normally she would have rubbed one out in the shower to get over it.

Tonight was different, though. She was going to ask Mike to give her a quiet night in. The package from Winter Fetish was the perfect excuse.

Sophie turned off the shower and dried herself off. She put on her robe and walked back to the landing. At the top of the stairs, she stopped and called down to Mike.

“Mike”

“Yes, Soph.”

“Have you got a minute, sweetheart?”

“Of course.”

“I’m in the bedroom.”

Mike walked upstairs. He knew exactly what was in the package because he had Googled Winter Fetish shortly after it had arrived. There was a grin on his face and he concentrated on getting rid of it. The last thing he wanted to do was give the game away.

“What is it, darling?”

“I wanted to show you what was in the package.”

“Really.”

“We’re going to use it tonight.”

“What is it?”

“A sleepsack and a dickie hood.”

“A what hood?”

“A dickie hood. It has a longer neck so you can tuck it into the sleepsack.”

Sophie opened the package slowly. She used a pair of nail scissors to snip the plastic without touching the contents.

Mike watched as she unfolded the shiny darlex sleepsack and the darlex hood on the duvet. It looked like some kind of chrysalis, but the surface was jet black and shimmered under the light.

He glanced at their reflection in the dressing table mirror and was struck by the fact that they both looked like kids on Christmas Day. Their friends often joked that Mike and Sophie were twins who had been separated at birth.

They shared the same straw coloured hair and blue eyes. Mike was taller than Sophie at 5’10, but the difference was less than half an inch. Mike was in good physical condition, but Sophie was in a different league. She ran triathlons when she wasn’t working as a lifeguard or telling him how to have his wicked way with her.

“Mmm. I didn’t see those on the Visa Bill.”

“I used my own card. Feel it.”

Mike touched the hood and stretched it between his fingers.

“What’s this, Soph? It’s not like your Zentai suit.”

“It’s called darlex. It’s two layers of spandex joined together with a really thin layer of rubber.”

“So it’s tighter.”

“And more restrictive.”

“So once you’re in this, there’s no getting out?”

“I’ll be able to wriggle, but not much else.”

“It looks like some kind of weird chrysalis.

“You’re right. It does.”

“How do you want to use it?”

“I’ve got an idea. It might be a bit of a lonely night for you, though.”

“I’ll call the lads and we’ll have a proper session on Call of Duty.”

“Okay. Let’s talk about it over dinner. I’m starving.”

“Get dressed, then. I’ll go and put the naans on.”

“Okay, sweetheart. I’ll take these to the spare room.”

Sophie dressed quickly as Mike went back downstairs to the kitchen. She picked up the sleepsack and hood and carried them down the landing to the spare room.

This was where she and Mike played their games. It was a box room with a narrow iron framed bed, a couple of rattan chairs, an old wardrobe and a small HD video camera on a tripod in front of the window. In spite of the flea market furniture, they had had a lot of fun in here.

In the light from the hallway, Sophie opened the wardrobe and took out a white Zentai suit. The soft spandex rustled as she hung it up on the back of the bedroom door. She stroked the suit with her fingers and thought that it would contrast nicely with the black darlex of the sleepsack.

“Dinner’s ready, Soph.”

“I’m coming.”

Sophie smiled and knelt down in front of the wardrobe. She opened a plastic box and took out a latex mask, a pair of black hinged handcuffs and a little box with a pair of foam earplugs inside. She laid these things carefully on the bed in the order that she would use them and closed the wardrobe door.

She was still smiling as she walked out of the spare room and rescued her beer from the steamy bathroom. This was going to be a lovely night and the perfect antidote to a long crap rainy day. Mike would be blown away when she told him what she had in mind.

After dinner was over and the dishwasher had been loaded, Sophie and Mike came back upstairs. As she had thought, he had loved her idea for a quiet night in. It had been more than a month since his last proper session on Call of Duty, so things had worked out very well for both of them.

Sophie used the toilet while Mike took the laundry downstairs and loaded the washing machine. She washed and dried her hands and sat on the top step.

“Come on, Mike.”

“I’d be a lot faster if you separated your whites.”

“You’d be a lot faster if you didn’t keep stopping to sniff my knickers.”

They both burst out laughing at that one and the laughter lasted until Mike came up the staircase. He knelt in front of Sophie and they kissed passionately. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he carried her down the hallway to the spare bedroom.

Sophie put her feet down as they crossed the threshold and pointed to the rattan chair next to the bed.

“Just watch.”

“Don’t I always?”

Mike enjoyed this part the most. He loved the way that Sophie moved when she dressed and undressed, even when there was no kinkiness involved. It was something that he thought was one of the underrated pleasures of living with a woman. Maybe it was just the simple intimacy of it, but he loved every second.

Sophie knew this and took her time getting ready. She pulled her red fleece over her head and folded it neatly before putting it on a second rattan chair.

Mike raised his eyebrows.

“You can fold clothes, then.”

Sophie gave him a cold smile.

“When I want to.”

She took off her white vest, folded it and put it on top of the fleece. Then she turned her back on Mike and began to unbutton her Levis. He watched her reflection in the wardrobe mirror and they looked into each other’s eyes.

Sophie wriggled the Levis down over her hips and let them fall to the floor. She stepped out of them, folded them primly and put them on the arm of the chair.

Mike concentrated on the twist to tonight’s game. There was something he was going to do that wasn’t in Sophie’s script. He did this mostly to build her anticipation of how the game would end. He also knew that it pissed her off a treat not to be in control.

Sophie unfastened the clasp of her bra and looked over her shoulder at Mike as she slipped it along her arms and threw it on to her jeans. Then she smiled wickedly as she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her knickers and pushed them down over her hips.

The black knickers fell to the floor and Sophie stepped out of them. She bent forwards from the waist and picked them up.

In those couple of seconds, Mike saw her swollen snatch and the beads of moisture at the top of her smooth thighs. These reminded him of the condensation on outside of a cold bottle of lager. Then he smelled her and realised that Sophie was looking right at him.

Sophie walked naked to the bedroom door and took the white Zentai suit off of the hanger. She held it in her hands and put her right leg inside.

Mike was sitting with his legs apart and Sophie placed her right foot on the edge of the chair. She pulled the smooth spandex up her leg and smoothed it out over her thigh. This was her favourite part of putting on the Zentai suit and she spun it out as much as she could.

It took her maybe a minute before she was ready to put her left leg into the Zentai suit. The spandex gripped her calf and she smoothed it over her knee and up her thigh.

Sophie pulled the bottom of the suit up over her hips until she felt it rub against her bald snatch. She moaned a little before catching herself and pushing her arms into the sleeves of the catsuit. Her fingers slid into the gloves and she adjusted them one at a time until they were perfect.

She reached behind her and smoothly zipped up the Zentai suit to just below her hairline. Again Sophie bent forwards, this time picking up the earplugs from the bed. She rolled them between her fingers and then pushed them into her ears.

Sophie reached back down and picked up the black latex hood. She had bought it in Germany while she was at Uni and still experimenting. It was heavy gauge rubber with small tubes for her nostrils and an inflatable butterfly gag. When the gag was inflated, it filled all of her mouth and speech was absolutely impossible.

She smoothed her hair back from her face and pulled on the hood. When the gag was fully in her mouth and the breathing tubes were full in her nose, she pulled the zip closed. Before she could hesitate, Sophie inflated the butterfly gag and unscrewed the little bulb from the hood.

As always, it seemed like the point of no return. The hood was the best sensory deprivation tool she had found. It cut off her senses of smell and taste along with her ability to see and hear. All that she had was her sense of touch and this would be overloaded this with the sensations from the Zentai suit and the sleep sack.

Sophie reached behind her head and pulled the hood of the Zentai suit over the latex. She closed the zip and reached forwards to the bed. Her fingers found the handcuffs exactly where she had left them. Mike always said that her ability to operate without sight always surprised him. She put it down to the strength of her ability to visualise.

This was what she used to move to the foot of the bed. She knelt and reached backwards for the uprights of the old iron bed frame. Once she found them, Sophie fastened the cuffs around her wrists. Mike had the keys. She was his.

She felt him get up and walk to the bed. The vibrations of his footsteps were transmitted by the wooden floorboards. He paused. Sophie leaned forwards and pulled steadily against the cuffs. She felt the bed frame creak with the pressure, but there was absolutely no give.

Mike watched Sophie test her strength against the cuffs. It was part of her ritual and he never interrupted it. He understood that it was her way of getting herself in the right mind to play.

He turned his attentions to the sleepsack. It had a central zip that went from the toes to the neck. Mike opened it slowly and saw the internal sleeves that would hold Sophie’s arms. This would be some test for her. He was going to show her that Hell is a very small place.

Mike picked up the hood and unzipped it. He touched the side of Sophie’s face and she stopped moving straight away. The darlex hood rasped slightly as it passed over the spandex of the Zentai suit. He lined the nose grommets up with the breathing tubes of Sophie’s latex hood and closed the zip.

He never really understood why she enjoyed being encased in so many layers. It was something he had tried once or twice, but didn’t really float his boat.

Mike knew from talking to Sophie’s mum that she had never been happy as a baby unless she was tightly swaddled. There was something in that, but he didn’t want to push her. All he needed to know was that Sophie got the biggest rush from being mummified. He smiled and knelt on the floor next to her.

Sophie felt Mike’s fingers stroke her breasts. She pushed herself forwards and chased the contact. He pulled away and left her with nothing. She relaxed and felt his fingers stroking her inner thighs. This time, Sophie stayed absolutely still.

Mike smiled at Sophie’s acceptance of her lack of control. Touch was the only sense that she had left. His contact gave her a connection beyond the blackness and the sound of her heartbeat in her ears. He rubbed his fingers across her snatch and looked at their reflection in the mirror. Her arousal had created the perfect camel toe and he traced it carefully with his fingertips.

Sophie moaned through the gag and snorted like a horse through the breathing tubes. She was already on the edge and Mike hadn’t even really begun. The athlete in her was disappointed with her performance and she forced herself to get some control back.

Mike saw her winning the battle. Her breathing slowed and she pushed her snatch forwards into his hand. Sophie expected him to break the contact, but he didn’t.

Instead, Mike pressed his fingers between her lips and rubbed her clitoris with his thumb. The spandex of the Zentai suit was so wet that it was as though he was touching her bare skin.

“You weren’t expecting that, were you Soph?

Sophie arched her back and screamed her way through her first orgasm. She panted for air as waves of warmth rocked outwards from the pit of her stomach right down to her knees. As she rocked her hips forwards, something occurred to her from far away and long ago. ‘The real bondage begins after the orgasm ends.’

Mike walked over to the wardrobe while Sophie was distracted. He took out four rolls of yellow vetwrap and a Hitachi magic wand. This was the twist that he had thought of.

He sat down on the bed and took a white face cloth and a rubber band out of his trouser pocket. With fast fingers, Mike folded the face cloth over the head of the Hitachi and secured it in place with the rubber band. Then he laid it on the bed with two rolls of vetwrap.

Mike pulled Sophie’s wrists towards him and she squealed through the gag. He wrapped each of her clenched fists with criss-crossing layers of vetwrap. She tried to pull away, but he pushed her wrists upwards so that she had to put her forehead on the floor.

Sophie felt him wrapping her hands with something. She knew that Mike would throw in some kind of twist. In fact, she would have been disappointed if he hadn’t. This was a little different though. There was a niggling thought in her mind that this was only the start of the twist.

It was the first time that Mike had done this to her hands and Sophie realised more than ever how completely vulnerable she was. There was no way that she could free herself without assistance. Mike had total control of her now. This was an unexpected turn of events and she had to battle hard to get some control back.

Sophie felt the cuffs come off and stood up as soon as her wrists were free. Mike took her right arm and she allowed him to help her on to the narrow bed. She laid back and he lifted her so that she was on top of the open sleepsack.

Mike worked quickly now because here were only ten minutes left until he was due online. He slid Sophie’s arms into the sleeves and zipped the bag closed. She immediately began to struggle against the sleepsack and he was impressed by how little movement the darlex gave her.

Sophie felt the sleepsack being drawn closed. A wave of compression travelled up her legs, over her abdomen and passed over her breasts. The extra money that she had spent getting a custom fit had been well-spent. She could feel the darlex moving with her as she breathed.

Her useless hands were pressed closely against her hips and her legs were pinned ruthlessly together. Every attempt at movement was frustrated. There was simply no escape for the next four or five hours.

Mike let Sophie explore the limits of her chrysalis. He thought that was a good nickname for the thing. It would certainly keep her out of trouble while he had a proper session on Call of Duty. His ranking had suffered a lot recently because of his agreement with Soph. Tonight was payback.

Sophie lay still and slowed both her breathing and her heartbeat. It was something she did while she was competing and it helped her maintain control. The sleepsack was more than perfect and she could already feel herself drifting away into subspace. She had tried to explain it to Mike, but he had never really understood.

Mike reached underneath the bed and unfolded a white sheet. He spread it out over Sophie’s chrysalis and began tucking it underneath the mattress. This was his insurance policy to make sure that Sophie couldn’t roll herself off of the bed. She was sure to fight him as much as she could when he revealed the twist.

Sophie felt the additional pressure on her face and upper body. It was uniform and she could feel the mattress being lifted slightly as Mike worked. She smiled with the image of him tucking her in for the night.

Mike folded the sheet back over Sophie’s waist and unzipped the sleep sack to reveal her thighs. He sat on her lower legs and picked up the Hitachi. Then he pressed it between her legs so that it was tight against her snatch.

Sophie felt coarse material rubbing against her clitoris and the length of her Hitachi vibrator pressing between her thighs. She moaned when she realised that this was the twist. Mike was going to keep her frustrated the whole time she was in the sleepsack.

There would be no journey into subspace for her. The gnawing ache for another orgasm would keep her conscious for every single second until Mike freed her.

Already she felt him wrapping vetwrap around her right thigh to keep the magic wand in place. She tried to fight, but it was no good. His weight pinned her lower legs and the sheet stopped her from moving her upper body. Her hands were useless. Mike had won.

Mike felt her stop fighting him and smiled. He smoothed down the end of the roll of vetwrap against the inside of her thigh. Then he pulled the zip back up so that her chrysalis was complete.

Sophie stayed still as Mike folded the sheet down over her legs and tucked it tightly under the mattress. She knew that she only had precious minutes and seconds before he turned on the Hitachi. It was time for her to get her head together.

The tri-athlete in her took over and she focused only on getting to the finishing line. She told herself that she was a tough competitor, particularly when she was competing with herself.

Then the Hitachi started on to its lowest setting and the coarse cloth rubbed agonisingly against her rosebud. Sophie bit down on the taut rubber gag and tried to stop herself from moaning. This was going to be a long night.

Mike closed the door behind him and walked back down the landing to the stairs. He heard a text message come into his phone and checked his watch.

It was a little after eight pm and his mates were chasing him already to get online and kick off the firefight. He ran into the kitchen, grabbed a pack of Stella out of the fridge and ran back into the living room to fire up the Playstation.

Next to him on the sofa was a baby monitor. He listened to Sophie breath and her Hitachi hum its maddening song. Mike had everything he needed for a quiet night in. Cold beer, fast wireless, a PS3 and his fiancée safely tucked away in a prison of sexual frustration.

Alone in the dark, time went slowly for Sophie. Without her other senses, her only constant was the coarse touch of the face cloth against her clitoris and the dull vibrations from the Hitachi. The sleepsack held her tightly until it felt as though her arms were fused to her body and her legs were fused around the vibrator.

She felt her sweat begin to cool and tried to fight back against her chrysalis. Through trial and error, Sophie discovered that she could roll her hips slightly from side to side. By degrees, the sheet holding her against the mattress came loose.

This small freedom inspired Sophie to keep on fighting. She used her hips to roll her body from side to side. It took longer to have an effect, but all she had was time. The more she struggled, the less Sophie thought about the searing ache in the pit of her belly and the constant chase of the next orgasm.

Mike came as Sophie loosened the sheet over her chest. He had passed out on the sofa and only daylight had woken him up. The sight of his fiancée diligently trying to escape her personal hell made him feel a little guilty. That was what made him cross the room and turn off the vibrator.

He pressed his hand against Sophie’s belly and stroked her face to let her know that he was there. She arched her back and he kept touching her. After eleven hours of sensory deprivation, it was the least he could do.

Mike pulled the sheet off of the bed and sat next to Sophie. He unzipped the sleepsack, took the face cloth off of the Hitachi and set it to high. The special G-spot attachment was still on the bed and he fitted it to the end of the vibrator. Then Mike pushed it against the wet spandex of the Zentai suit until it was inside of her.
 
Sophie felt him touching her and didn’t want him to stop. She felt the cool air against her snatch when he opened her chrysalis and then felt firm rubber slide between her lips and nestle against her aching rosebud. In spite of herself, Sophie smiled around her gag. Her wait was almost over.

Mike tucked the sheet back over Sophie and turned the vibrator on at the wall. He carried the baby monitor with him as he went back downstairs to the kitchen and put together an isotonic drink.

Sophie felt the Hitachi burst into life and rolled her hips against it. The frustration of the past eleven hours fell away as she chased the first orgasm of the day. She screamed with the sudden release and allowed herself to lose control completely. Finally, she drifted away into her own little subspace. It felt so damned good.

Mike heard Sophie go quiet and ran upstairs. He tore the sheet off of the bed and unzipped the sleep sack. When he pressed his fingers against his fiancée’s throat, Mike breathed a sigh of relief. Her pulse was strong and steady.

He unwrapped her hands and cut the vibrator free. Then he rolled Sophie on to her side and stripped the Zentai suit off of her. The spare room was cold and this seemed to bring her around. She opened her eyes and looked at him.

“Sophie.”

“Yes.”

“Drink this, darling.”

“Okay, Mike.”

Mike pressed the sport bottle against her lips and made sure she had all of the isotonic drink he had made. She’d lost a lot of fluids during the night and needed to replace them. It was nothing she hadn’t been through before during a race, but he would have to keep a close eye on her for the rest of the weekend.

Sophie went back to sleep and Mike dressed her in the clothes that she had worn the previous night. He carried her downstairs and put her on the sofa. She opened her eyes again as he covered her with a blanket

“Mike.”

Yes, Soph.”

“I loved the twist.”

“Good. I didn’t mean to leave you so long.”

“Don’t worry. I’m just going to sleep in a bit.”

“Okay darling.”

“Love you.”

“Love you too, Soph.”
