---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Ella's Vacation - Chapter 2
authors:
- William
tags:
- M-f
- F+-f
- latex
- bond
- electroplay
- straitjacket
- crate
- toys
- cons
- X
---

[continued from part one](ella.html)

**Chapter Two
Part Three - Ella meets the Mistress'**

As Sabrina hung upside down she could think of nothing but her need
to come. The intense feelings of helplessness and enclosure where almost
too much when coupled with this incredible torture. She had signed up for
a one month vacation, the experience of a life time she thought. When she
got here she knew she wanted it to be as intense as possible, so she tried
to escape. When he had caught her he hadn't been rough, she was simply
pinned down and put in a straight jacket and brought back inside to begin
her punishment.

When she heard they were extending her stay for misbehaving she had
almost orgasmed on the spot. Now she had lost even the control on the length
of her stay. She didn't have much experience at these things when they
came for her, she had had only two lovers, both women. And though she liked
men she had never found one she liked enough. Her second lover had indulged
her taste for rubber and bondage somewhat, but was never very into in.
So after they split Sabrina called the Mansion for a vacation. Now that
she was here she wanted it to be a long vacation.

She could not decide if she regretted what she had done or not. If she
hadn't been gagged she would have been shamelessly begging to come. She
didn't care how, finger, tongue, dildo, cock, anything. But at the same
time she would have been disappointed if they had stopped. She had come
several times during the torture, each one had been a gut wrenching come
that left her dizzy and seeing stars.

She squirmed as the ring rotated and left her sideways. Sabrina flinched
as Mistress Kara again worked the ice cube along the cleft of her ass.
She struggled hard, but found no give in the restraints. And just like
that the torture stopped. Sabrina gave a cry of deepest desperation, as
bad as the torture was it was better than the long periods alone. If she
was stimulated enough she could come, but just hanging here, with her nipples
aching and that damn cream in her, helpless and enclosed in this rubber
all she could do was get hornier.

She hoped he would come back soon, the Mistresses were great, but he
was the one she really wanted. Her former roomy had really liked Kara,
but Sabrina found herself wanting his attention as much as possible. Though
when she got it she wasn't always sure if she wouldn't be better off without
it. And then she felt his hands on her, the ring rotated her upright, and
she felt him caressing her all over. She moaned as loud as she could and
began to strain forward, trying to communicate her needs to him. Her gag
plug was removed, and she was kissed passionately. She groaned, the kiss
was soft, yet demanding, she simply had to submit to the power behind it.
Then she felt it, was a scream of pleasure and joy she felt his cock slowly
inch into her. She began cumming before it was halfway inside her, and
didn't stop cumming until he pulled out, still hard.

She hung limply in her bondage, panting and gasping trying to regain
her breath despite the tight corset. "Thank you, thank you master." she panted. He kissed her again. And
she quieted down. He picked up a small headset, and placed it on and at
the same time activated the headphones in her hood.

"So, have we decided to behave yet, or do we start the torture all
over again?"

"No, please I will behave. I promise," she said, of course she knew
that sooner or later she would misbehave again and earn more punishment,
and hopefully a longer stay. But for now she needed a break.

He unfastened her legs, and the unhooked her binder from the ring. She
collapsed forward into his arms, exhausted by her ordeal. He carried her
over to the table, and laid her down. Soon she was stripped of all her
restricting garments and he had washed away the tormenting cream. He bound
her hands behind her and carried her into the shower, once there she was
spread-eagled and washed in the cold water. She squealed when the water
hit her, but quickly began to enjoy his soapy hands washing her thoroughly.
He dried her with a big towel, and bound her hands behind her again, and
led her back out to her suite. "You have a new roomy, she is in the 'film
room'."

Sabrina hoped her new roomy was attractive, part of being room mates
could mean prolonged close bondage, and being forced to have sex with each
other. Her first night here she had slept with her old room mate, both
in straight jackets with their arms strapped behind the other. They had
also been joined at the ankles and knees. Their collars had been locked
close together, and they had been blindfolded. Before the straps were applied
to their legs they were impaled on a double dildo. When one moved the other
felt it. They had spent a lot of time that night, kissing and moving making
each other come again and again. Sabrina wouldn't mind another session like that, not one bit. Sabrina
looked at him and playful leaned against his chest and kissed him.

"May I stay with you tonight?", she asked.

"Maybe, if I think you are behaving well enough today."

He led her out of the room and took her downstairs. "I think it would be good for you to get out and stretch your legs,
get some air and a little exercise."

He dressed her in a tight latex dress, it would impede walking, but
not quite a hobble skirt. Her feet were placed in high heeled ankle boots,
but she could still walk in them. Her hands were bound to a waist belt
behind her. All in all it was a relaxed comfortable bondage. He placed
an open face hood on her, and a large padded gag. She was taken outside,
and then turned loose. "Have a good walk, come to the door and wait to be let in when you
are ready."

With a swat on her sexy little rubberized ass, Sabrina went on her way.
It was nice to be walking outdoors in the fresh air. That taken care of
he walked back inside to check on Ella.

After he had left her, things went rapidly down hill for Ella, or you
could say they got much better. Ella wasn't sure which though. Her world
had become a dark timeless void filled with nothing but the terrible isolation
and confinement. Her nipples ached and she hated that damn computer, it
seemed to know exactly when to stop, and how to never let her calm down.
She had come twice, but that was her only clue at the time.

She had tried so hard not to fight or make noise, after both orgasms
she had been humiliated by the show she had put on for the camera. Just
as she was about to peak she expected it to cut her short, instead it pushed
her over the edge, and then it didn't stop. She rode wave after wave, she
thought she would melt. Her screams and struggles were all dutifully recorded
by the camera. The computer shut down, and she returned to reality. She
found the latex sheet over her was loosening, and it fell away, next her
hood was removed, and she saw a tall Asian woman dressed in a latex catsuit
standing there.

"My name is Mistress Chen, you can call me Mistress, or Mistress Chen."
Mistress Chen smiled, she was extremely pretty. Ella was eager to begin
a session with her. Mistress Chen untied Ella and stripped her naked. "On
your knees", she said.

Ella gracefully bowed to her knees. Mistress Chen walked behind her
and bound her wrists and elbows together with leathers cuffs, and then
did the same with her ankles. She grabbed Ella's hair and forced her up
to a kneeling position and then bent her over. Ella gasped as a set of
dildo's was slid inside her. She was still burning from the cream they
had used during her session on the cross, and she was so sensitive.

She was pressed down, so her thighs were flat against her calves, and
short hog-tie chain was secured between her wrists and ankles. Next came
the collar, it was high, but it allowed quite a bit of head movement, Ella
wondered at this, not for long though. Nipple clips were applied to her
sore nipples, she shuddered on the edge of another orgasm, before she came
here she had no idea she could come so many times in one day. Was it still
the first day? Her time in the box and on the cross left her very uncertain
as to the time. These were odd clips, in that her nipples were in the
center of the clip, which extended above and below them. Chains were attached
to both the top and bottom of each clip.

She had an idea why, her thoughts were confirmed as her head was forced
down and the bottom chains were hooked to it. The bottom ones, she thought,
why not the tops ones? She got her answer quickly enough. She was forced
to bend over further as the top chains, longer than the bottom ones, were
locked to her ankles. Ella groaned at the very thought, now movements would
not only cause them to pull, but also to twist her nipples.

"I know how much you want to please me, don't you Ella." Ella was speechless,
she could only nod. "I asked you a question Ella." Mistress Chen said louder,
and at the same time she pressed a button on the remote she was holding.
Ella jumped as she got a small shock, inside her ass.

"Yes Mistress Chen."
she quickly replied.

"That's better", Mistress Chen stepped back and told Ella to face the
camera, when she did Mistress Chen told her to tell the camera about how
horny she was, about what an obedient little slave she was, and on and
on.

"I am sooo horny Mistress, I want to obey, I will do anything for you.
Please." Ella blushed as she began to plead and say nasty things to the
camera, she made all sorts of promises, she burned with shame, but every
word turned her on even more. She was ordered to sit up straight and when
she hesitated she got a shock. Ella sat upright, her nipples aching. She watched as Mistress Chen pulled
a chair over and sat in front of her. Mistress Chen unzipped her catsuits
crotch and slid forward on the chair.

"Now is your chance slave, while you are doing a good job I will run
the vibrator inside your hungry little pussy, when you do a bad job, you
get a shock, BEGIN."

Ella had to strain forward, and pull at her nipples more to reach, it
took a second and earned her a shock. Though she had never done this before
she tried hard, and before long she was being vibrated for very long periods
of time. Damn, did Mistress Chen ever get tired, she thought. Ella came
again, her tongue was getting tired, finally Mistress Chen said, "Enough,
very good slave." Mistress Chen kissed her long and deep, as Ella shuddered.
When Ella looked up the woman who had helped kidnap her was standing there.

"My turn." the new Mistress said. Ella groaned and looked at the camera,
there were four Mistresses here, will I have to please them all she wondered?

**Part Four - Playtime for Sabrina, a Box for Ella**

Sabrina walked about in the early morning light. She realized as she
struggled along that she had lost all track of time while being punished.
She had been put away for sleep at intervals that had not so much coincided
with day and night, but had been allowed to sleep when she appeared too
exhausted to continue. She struggled along for sometime, getting a good
view of the grounds, as she walked in her tight outfit she became more
and more convinced that escape was not going to happen. She smiled under
her gag, all the more reason to try. She turned towards the house and made her way back, upon arriving she
stood on the porch and waited impatiently to be let in.

While Sabrina had been enjoying her stroll, Ella was struggling to keep
from being punished. The first two Mistresses had been difficult to satisfy,
and now she was so tired with two to go. Ella tried to focus on her task,
but the constant pull on her nipples and the constant stimulation of the
plugs inside her drove her wild. She came again and slumped, earning herself
another punishing shock. Mistress Dani, grabbed her by the hair and pulled
her head up to look her in the eye.

"You have already earned enough punishment for your sub-par efforts,
don't you think. I would suggest you try harder or things are going to
get very unpleasant for you."

Mistress Dani stood and walked away, as Ella shuddered through another
powerful orgasm. Ella was untied and again stripped naked by Mistress Kara.
Her hands were quickly tied behind her back with a strap and she was led
back down the hall to her suite. She was led into the suite, and untied
again. A corset was placed around her waist, but not as tightly as before,
Mistress Kara then helped her into a straight jacket, and buckled her tightly
into its strong embrace.

As the crotch strap was fastened tightly, she could feel the built in
butt plug, and small rubber fingers lining the strap. The plug slid slowly
into her, and the fingers began to rub her and make her very horny again.
The Mistress paused and pulled the strap away long enough to coat it thoroughly
with the salve that Ella had already come to hate, and love.

"We want to make sure the strap does not chafe," she explained with
and evil smirk. Ella simply shuddered as the strap was again cinched down.
She was led over to what appeared to be a large trunk that was bolted to
the floor. When it was opened she understood its true purpose (even though
she already had a good idea). And Ella also remembered how tired she was.
She had been taken when she was preparing for sleep, how many hours ago
now?

The trunk/box had a human outline laid out in rubber, the outline had
places that was padded and seemed to be meant for someone with no arms,
then she understood, it was made for someone wearing a straight jacket.
There were numerous rubber straps attached to the inside of the form, and
Ella saw a hood with a breathing tube connected laying in the head impression.
Mistress Kara lifted the hood out of the way, and helped Ella into the
outline. It fitted her like a glove. She was astounded at this, these boxes
must have been expensive, so she assumed the outline could somehow be changed
for different people. Her legs were strapped down tightly, the rubber straps
stretched and were pulled so tight they exerted a constant force on her.
More straps were brought over her straight jacketed body, there were even
two straps over the base of her toes forcing her feet into a ballet pointe.
"Raise your head."

When Ella did as ordered the hood was pulled onto her, the combination
gag, breathing tube was forced home, and the hood was tightly buckled in
place. She could see out through the plastic lenses, though this would
do her no good once the box was closed. The victim was allowed to see simply
because the designer of the box had wanted them to be able to watch as
the lid was closed over them. A strap was passed over the hoods built in
high collar, and then the sides of the hood were clipped to attachment
points beside them. Ella tried to move, and found she could barely even
wiggle her toes. Ella moaned, somewhat apprehensive at the thought of being
encased in this box for so long. For she was certain this was were she
would spend the 'night'.

Her moan took a more urgent note as the salve took affect, and the lid
was slowly closed. The lid pressed down upon her, and the pressure increased
as it was locked down. She struggled, and found herself becoming more and
more aroused by her terrible confinement. The only thing she could hear
in the blackness was the sound of her own breathing through the tube. She
strained and found by struggling she could pull the crotch strap on her
straight jacket about. As she did she got closer and closer to another
orgasm, and she also worked the salve deeper into herself. Ella gasped
and her breathing deepened as her orgasm gained force. She came screaming
into the relentless confinement of her latex prison.

As she calmed down the salve began to make her struggle again. This
cycle continued for a long time, to Ella it felt like days, but eventually
all good things must end. She drifted off into a deep sleep, completely
exhausted by the days activities. The last thing that flitted through her
mind was 20 days. She had at least 20 more days of this before they let
her go.

While Ella was put to bed, Sabrina was taken inside. She stood as he
undressed her and led her downstairs to one of the punishment rooms. As
soon as they reached the door of the room he was taking her to, Sabrina
turned to him and pleaded, "Please Sir, I have promised to behave."

He
lifted her chin, and kissed her deeply, "Indeed you have, and I believe
you. This is not for punishment, it is for fun."

Sabrina felt only slightly
better, she was glad she wasn't in trouble, but still very uncertain about
being taken in the room. Even after her escape she hadn't been brought
down here, and her former room mate had told her to beware this place.
She was eager to see inside, but she also had in mind what curiosity can
do. But the choice was not hers.

He unlocked the door and made her precede him into the pitch black room.
She was afraid, and part of her wanted to try and escape, but a much larger
part wanted to run into the room, and find out what torturous delights
were within. She stepped within, and he followed closing the heavy door
with a very final sounding thud and plunging the room into utter blackness.
Her breathing quickened as she heard the door close and lock. They were
alone, with no one to protect her from him. Just the way she wanted it.
She felt his broad shoulder brush against her as he moved confidently into
the room, obviously very familiar with the layout. She blinked as the lights
came on, they were not bright, but after the utter blackness of before
she felt nearly blind in the light. She looked around the room in awe,
it was done in latex, black everywhere. And all about the room were bondage
devices, every implement used to bind or torment a helpless slave that
she could think of was here, and few she couldn't even begin to imagine.

She turned and looked into his eyes, fear battling with excitement,
he stepped forward and led her deeper into the room. He led her over to
a wardrobe and opened it up. Inside were some neatly stacked and folded
rubber clothes, all hers. He had been preparing for her while she was taking
her walk. He dressed her in knee high rubber stockings and locking ankle
boots. The boots had extreme heels that forced her to stand on her toes.
Next he put some extremely tight rubber shorts on her, these had a zipper
with a pull ring that ran from just above her mound, to high up on her
gorgeous tight little ass. The shorts pressed between her labia, and felt
sooo nice. They were extremely tight and she never could have gotten them
on without help. She leaned against him, and trembled as he pulled them
onto her.

A posture collar was next, Sabrina kept her hands at her sides, resisting
the temptation to rub herself through her shorts. He proceeded to pull
opera length gloves up her arms, up to her shoulders and then led her over
to the mirror. She looked at herself, she looked like a slave, she thought,
a slave ready to be punished.

He reached into the wardrobe and removed a hood, at the sight of it
she groaned and began to get very excited. It was a special hood, designed
to make the slave really feel helpless, the only way to breathe in it was
through a tube in the gag, and on the tube was a re-breather bag. The bag
forced the victim to rebreathe some of there own expended breath, not enough
to be at all dangerous, but it made the victim feel breathless. He set
the hood down in plain view, while he loosened the collar so he could slip
the base of the hood under it.

As he pulled the hood down and laced it shut she reached over and rubbed
herself, the feeling of the rubber shorts between her thighs, being massaged
by her fingers, while being subjugated be the hood was too much for her.
With a scream into her gag plug she came, her hips thrusting forward repeatedly
while he tightened her collar down again. Her hands were pulled out in
front of her and bound in bondage mittens. These were basically locking
wrist cuffs with a small pouch on one end that forced her hands into fists
as they went in. The cuffs were locked tight around her wrists, and her
hands were pulled behind her head, down to her neck where they were secured
to the base of her collar.

He next placed a second set of cuffs above her elbows, these he chained
to a ring on top of her hood with short chains. This pinned her arms to
the sides of her head, and eliminated what little arm movement she had
had. She could hear only loud sounds, and so he spoke into her ear, just
loud enough for her to hear, she had to strain to control her breathing
to hear him better.

"I have wanted to get you all to myself for a while now," her heart
jumped at his words, part of her was ecstatic, and part was a little apprehensive,
"now I have you, and no one is around, I can do whatever I want."

She shivered as his hands slowly roamed over her. One hand had a heavy
rubber glove on it, and the other was bare. She delighted in the contrast
between the smooth skin of the glove compared to the rough callouses on
his other hand. His gloved hand slapped her thighs forcing her legs to
spread wide apart, and then it pulled the zipper back to expose her to
his touch. His other hand roughly caressed her throat and breasts, teasing
her nipples till they ached and then pinching and tugging at them. She felt his greased finger slowly stretching her ass open, she moaned
and leaned forward, whether she was trying to get away, or drive the finger
deeper was unclear to her. He put his hand on the front of her collar and
forced her to stand straight, "Stay up slave, no twisting around." he said.

As she straightened her ass tightened around his finger, she shuddered.
He broke off this assault on her sanity and walked away. Sabrina stood
there unsteadily, aching and wanting, waiting impatiently for the next
step. She felt his hand tug at the ring on the front of the collar pulling
her across the room. She playfully resisted, and he gave a sharp tug. She
stumbled forward, right into him. She felt his arm wrap around her to ensure
she didn't fall, she leaned into his chest, relishing in the intense feeling
of intimacy.

He again led her by the collar, with his finger slid inside her ass
again to help encourage her to keep up this time, he led her across the
room. He brought her over to the table, well padded and covered in latex
it was wonderfully suited for all sorts of games. Fastening points were
everywhere, and the height could be adjusted to anywhere from two feet
to four feet off the ground. First he put a set of nipple clips on her,
she moaned as they bit down. He then bent her over the side of the table
and secured the ring on her helmet to the far side with a short chain.
Two more chains were run to the cuffs on her elbows, if she slipped her
arms and shoulders would hold her, not the helmet.

Reaching down he pulled her ankles wide apart and secured them. Her
toes barely brushed the floor in this position. Every time she moved the
clips turned and pulled driving her nuts, she had always had very sensitive
nipples, and had discovered that she could come just from them being stimulated
enough. She had made this discvoery while being punished for trying to
escape. And now the way the clips were punishing her poor nipples was making
her feel like she was going to lose her mind.

She squealed as he thrust a well lubed plug into her bottom. Little
cries of surprise and pleasure continued to leak out past the gag as it
settled in. It felt huge to her, it was not in fact very big at all, but
it sure seemed like it to Sabrina. He zipped her shorts again, the tight
rubber once more pressing into her, she was glad she was shaved down there,
if the had had any hair it certainly would have gotten caught in the zipper.
He rubbed his hands up her thighs, and suddenly she felt little pinches
on her inner thighs, he had placed small clips in several places along
her inner thigh. They stung just a little, but they made her even hornier.
He began spanking her, his hard hand slapping her ass. The thin rubber
of the shorts offered no protection at all.

The spanking made her struggle and squirm which made the clips on her
nipples and thighs burn. She began moaning, she wanted to come so badly.
After about ten swats he stopped and she felt her zipper open again. She
screamed in pleasure as his cock slid into her. He slowly slid in and out
of her for several minutes, and then with perfect timing he stopped just
before she could come. She screamed, trying to rub herself into the table
to trigger her orgasm, but she could not move enough. He carefully re-zipped
her shorts, and stepped away.

Sabrina struggled desperately for a few minutes, and then relaxed, she
felt as though her mind was being consumed by the lust raging within her.
She felt wonderful, to be brought so close and then denied was terrible
and yet exactly what she wanted. He unhooked her from the table and as
she stood there, he removed the clips from her thighs one by one. He stroked
his rough hands up hands up and down her sensitive inner thighs. He led
her across the room and began fastening her to another devious device.
There was a comfortable seat, but not for her, she was forced to stand
facing the seat, her ankles and knees secured to upright thick steel rods.
Behind her was another, much taller rod, there were points to secure things
to, but these points could move freely up and down the rod. Her collar
was secured to this rod, as well as a waist belt. The tall rod connected
to an overhead frame, and the bottom of it could be retracted, after looking
things over carefully. Sabrina was forced to sort of squat with her legs
wide apart, with the chair between them, she could move up and down, but
it wasn't easy.

He stepped into the chair over the back, after undressing. He slid under
her, and raised her up, higher than she could move herself. She gave a
long loud groan as she slid down again, his cock pressing deeply into her.
He pulled out her plug in back, and replaced it with a metal one. She moaned
again as the cold metal slid into her, he then attached small wire leads
to her nipple clips.

"You are to move up and down slave, until I am satisfied, every time
you stop I do this." He pressed a button and Sabrina got a shock through
her clips and the ass plug. She immediately began going up and down. Slowly
sliding him in and out of her. She couldn't go fast in this position, but
she quickly came anyway. This went on for what seemed like hours. He had
a great deal of practice, and she couldn't go fast. We he finally came,
she orgasmed again, as she collapsed onto his lap, about to pass out from
the power of her orgasm. She smiled, this was going to be a wonderful six
weeks.
