---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesad/art_and_pets4.html
title: Art and Pets
authors:
- Rotaugur
tags:
- F-f
- petgirl
- catsuit
- latex
- buttplug
- enema
- piercing
- collar
- cons
- X
date: 2026-06-07 00:00:00
---

### Chapter 3

“Come on kitten, I'm hungry. Our last meal was breakfast, and even if it was a big one, now it's evening and I want to eat something. Why can't we go to a restaurant?”

“Because I don't wear the right clothing? I mean look at me. I'm driving around in latex, because you convinced me to wear it.”

“Yes, and now, not only does July have a sealed shut mouth, nice work by asking Frank about it by the way, but you also have a new job, and we are going to see each other guaranteed in the future, even if you don't want to hang out with me or take me on a date.”

“That still does not change the fact that I can't go into a restaurant wearing only latex.”

“You don't only wear latex, you also have cat ears, and the collar.”

That comment earned Foxy just a dirty look from Kathrine.

“How about this, I know a nice place that is mostly frequented by the fetish scene. There, nobody will raise an eye about your clothes, other than to give you a thumbs up.”

“I don't think I'm ready for that. What about a drive through, and we eat in the parking lot? I know of a McDonalds near here. Please?”

"Fine, fine. But I will take you to that place someday, and you will be looking like a sexy kitten then.”

Thinking that she believed her friend, she drove her car in line and they ordered. Kathrine took a burger and fries, while Meredith took a large box with nuggets and a shake they both sat in the car eating, when suddenly Kathrine's phone rang.

“Hello, Kathrine speaking. What do you mean by fire? No. No, I see. How long? At least six weeks? And no entry whatsoever? But what about my clothes? What should I wear? I See. Yes, thank you for informing me. No, I have my papers with me. Thank you for informing me.”

After the call ended, Kathrine sat there in silence, just staring at her phone, before silently starting to cry.

Foxy seeing this just put down her food, pulled her over and started to soothingly rub her back. For the next few minutes, till the sobbing died down.

“Tha… Thanks Foxy.”

“Do I want to know?”

“There was a… a fire in my apartment building, nobody was hurt, but… but… but nobody is allowed to go inside till a structural engineer was in there to assess the damage. The firm that owns it offers all tenants to rent a room in a nearby hotel, but we still can't get our clothes, and they say the renovation will take weeks to even begin. What do I do now? I just got a new job, and now I'm homeless?“

“Don't worry. You can crash at my place for the time being, I have enough room. And hey, at least you can keep wearing that nice collar of yours.”

Letting out a sobbing laugh, Kat just buried her head in the older woman's shoulder and started to cry again. This time in relief.

---

As they drove back to her house, Foxy tried to cheer up Kat.

“So, now that you will be staying at my place for a while, we will need to set a few ground rules.”

Earning a confused and slightly worried look from her future roommate, she continued.

“No scratching the furniture, the litterbox will be emptied once a day, and no dead mice in my shoes.”

The incredulous look she earned for that caused her to laugh instantly. A moment later, Kat also snorted and began to laugh.

Now in a better mood, the two began to talk about more serious matters.

“Do you need help to get new clothes? From what I heard of your call, the only clothes you have are the ones in my washing machine, and while I have nothing against you borrowing some of mine, I don't think we have the same style, and you should at least have your own underwear.”

“While I need to get new clothing, the biggest problem for me was finding a place to stay. The person on the phone was from the company that owns my apartment building, and said, they already paid back the rent for this month, and our contract would be on pause till we could return. When they reopen the building, the old tenants would get first right to their old apartments, with our old rent prices for a year. Something about insurance and how the old owner is liable for all damages. I don't understand it myself.”

“That is good to hear. Don't forget to inform Frank about the new temporary address and that you will need to go shopping first thing tomorrow morning.”

“Oh man, I just thought about how he will react to that. I did not even start working for him and already need to take time off. That will give a good impression.”

"Don't worry. Why don't I give him a call and explain the situation to him and you drive us back home. Sound good, kitten?”

Only getting a groan in response, she fished out her phone and dialed his number.

“Hey Frank. Yeah, it's me. So, we have a small problem. Kat's apartment building got a hot renovation followed by a nice wet deep cleaning, strong enough to wash the papers from the walls, and she needs to buy new clothes first tomorrow. Yeah, a fire. No, nobody was hurt from what she was told. Yeah, she is staying with me for the moment, no worries. She just only has one set of clothes and as she is not allowed into the building for safety reasons, needs to go buy new ones. If you can help? Well, I don't know if it counts as help, but I had this funny idea to troll July a bit more, if you are interested. You know the things I wear, and as Kitten will be meeting others of the scene, maybe send July to us tomorrow, at say nine or ten, and have her help decide on her new clothes? Naturally, she would have to go outside with us, and have to see all manner of mutual acquaintances of ours. Hey, I try to sound serious here, stop with the laughter. Yeah, Yeah, I know that she will try to get back at me for this one, but at least, it will introduce Kat to the scene. She will meet us at ten in the mall? Ok, Thanks for the help. Have a good evening. And don't forget to hide her mask before you send her to us. Good night Frank.”

Putting away her phone, she could not help but grin.

“All cleared. Frank will even send July to us tomorrow, to help select your new clothes. She will make sure you will have a selection of outfits that will help you to fit in.”

“But will that not be super expensive?”

"Don't worry. I know Frank, and I bet he will make sure that you not only get the employee discount for the office, but will most likely instruct July to also buy the needed work clothes on the company dime.”

Having arrived at her home, they went inside, and before she could forget, Foxy took a spare key for the door from a nearby keyholder.

“Here, as you will be staying here for some time, you will need your own key.”

“Uh, thanks. It really won't cause problems for me to stay here?”

“Nope. Now, why don't we look at getting out of these clothes. I don't know about you, but I always sweat a storm in latex, and you were in that thing the whole day. I also show you how to properly clean it, what do you say?”

Now that it was mentioned, Kathrine got aware of just how sticky she felt, and readily agreed.

They went up the stairs and into the bathroom, where Foxy proceeded to explain how to clean the catsuit right, while taking the needed bottles out from the cupboards next to the sink.

“Ok, so first we need to get you out of them. Just put the gloves and socks down in the shower. Good, now turn around, I'll open your zipper.”

Doing as told, Kat turned around while tossing the other pieces into the shower.

“Wait, I also need to take off your collar.”

“What?”

“I find it funny, just how attached you got. It is made of leather, and while it can get wet, it's not good for it. You should always look after your equipment when you use it. Leather for example should regularly be impregnated and conditioned with a special leather fat. It will stay smooth and soft much longer that way. Here. you can clean it after the latex. Just lay it next to the sink.”

Doing as told, Kat sent a long look to the collar, which did not go unnoticed by Meredith. She would really have to explain the meaning of that kind of collar in the circles she would wander in the future.

Kathrine meanwhile was already busy stripping down the catsuit in the shower, when she suddenly stopped with only one leg still in the suit hoping on one leg.

It seems she had forgotten that she wore no underwear in the suit. Slowly looking up, Kat could see an exasperated look on Foxy's face, while she slowly turned beet red.

“Really kitten? I know I enjoy looking at a fit young woman slowly stripping just as much as the next guy, but I don't think you should be freezing mid movement, when you do gymnastics on one leg in a shower stall. Now, stop playing cat in the headlights, and finish stripping. And don't forget to pull off the ears. I don't know how often I have forgotten them, but they don't like water very much.”

Doing as told, Kat finished, and put the ears next to the collar. As she turned back around, she got her first full body view of Foxy who had also stripped down to nothing and taken out her contact lenses as well. She liked what she saw.

Foxy is 5’ 6” or around 170cm high, and her lightly tanned skin contrasted nicely with her long dark crimson hair. She had bright blue eyes, and a ring in her septum. Noticing the inspecting looks, she stuck out her long tongue showing her two barbels in it. Lower down, her big breast with the diagonally double pierced nipples were a dark pink but nowhere near brown color. They were definitively a D-cup Kat decided. Her stomach was flat but muscular, and flared into nice hips. Kathrine spotted a few piercings, but would have to get a closer look to see what was there. Her long legs were muscular, like a runner. Other than on her head and eyebrows, Kat could not see a single hair, but she saw a colorful fox tattooed on her right hip.

Remembering the question from the morning, and decided she had waited long enough.

“You mentioned this morning wanting more piercings in your tongue, but never answered my question as to why. You also wanted to explain to me what Frank meant by that the barbels were meant for something else. Could you please explain now?”

“Sure, but while I do that, you can clean the latex.”

“Ok, what should I do first?”

“How about stepping aside, so that I also can come in? I don't have to shout and the shower is designed for four people. You can start by rinsing the clothes inside and outside with warm water.”

Doing as told, Kat noticed how Foxy put a rubber-coated cloth hanger on a hook at the wall, before being distracted by getting a better view of her crotch. It seemed that Meredith had a bunch of rings in her lower lips, and something like a plug like she sometimes sees in ears at the top. At the bottom was also a bigger ring.

Returning to doing as she was told, she took the shower head and after fiddling with the console a bit got it to a nice temperature. While listening to Foxy, she began washing every piece carefully, forgetting that she should feel shame about being naked in a shower with another woman she knew for one day.

Foxy meanwhile sat down comfortably in one of the corners, enjoying the view of Kathrine's body.

“Where should I begin? Yes, the tongue piercings. Well, it started in school, when I got my first tongue piercing after seeing some magazine or porn, I don't remember. At the time, some of my classmates also got some more holes in their bodies, mostly just second or third ear piercings, but one got a nostril piercing, and I liked the look of the tongue. Having seen how one of my classmates got her ears pierced at the shopping mall, and then saw the giant infection, I decided to do some research. First into doing it myself, but well, there are some pretty good horror stories on the internet out there. The stories about doing it at a mall stall were not any better. If anything they were worse. So, I faked my parents signature, dumb I know now, they would have given it after asking anyways, but then I was jung and impulsive.”

“Arent you still impulsive?”

“Shut up and don't forget to turn all the pieces inside out as well. Makes cleaning easier. Well regardless, I chose the expensive option and went into a tattoo parlor. I went in, had to sign some forms and had a long lecture about cleaning and what I could not do while it was still healing, and I think he knew that the signature was fake, because he also mentioned that I had better not fake it, or it could cause some real problems legally. Well, after that, he took me back, sat me in a chair, and after sloshing some mouthwash, he pulled out my tongue and inspected it for a while from all sides. After asking me where I wanted the piercing, he made the point, used a clamp to hold my tongue still, and then pierced it with a needle. Then he replaced the needle with a long barbell that he disinfected beforehand and told me to return in a week for a shorter one.I paid and left. At home, I did not even last two hours before my parents noticed something was off, and when they found out what I had done, well… I got a real ear full for getting pierced without asking my parents first and forging their signature, but was told to go get some icecubes to suck on. It helped with my swelling. I returned a week later with my mother, who forced me to request the old signature so that my mother could replace it. The guy laughed about it and told us it was the first time someone came to correct his paperwork like that. He still replaced my barbel in the end. Ok, now take the left bottle, it is a neutral dish soap that removes the dirt and most importantly fat. It is safe to use for cleaning latex. Just pour a few drops into the suit and clean it.”

Doing as told, Kat also sat down so as to not fall in the shower.

“Ok, the next stud came a few years later. I had read a story on the internet about a woman who got three big piercings with increasing size in her tongue at once, I think its name was ´tres completa´ or something like that, and thought that sounded nice, even if I would like my biggest hole to be at the back off my mouth. Money was tight at the time, so I could only afford my second stud. Same process, just another placement. That was quiet some time ago. Well, I've had a lot of time to think, and after reading a bunch of stories and meeting some pretty interesting people, I had another idea for what I wanted in my tongue. Maybe if I someday do it, I'll tell you about it. It is kind of extreme after all.”

“Oh come on. Please tell me, even if I don't like it, it can't be as bad as sealing someone's mouth shut.”

“Oh? wanna bet on that?”

“Huh? What bet?”

“Well, if what I have thought about is worse than not being able to speak, huh…?”

“What?”

“Well, I would not want to pressure you, or frighten you, but…?”

“Come on, tell me. I can always say no right?”

“Well, I would say, you accompany me when I get at least parts done ,and get at least one piercing as well.”

“Can I think about it and later change my mind?”

“Kitten, you can most of the time change your mind before doing something.”

“Then… Then I'll do it.”

“Huh?”

“I´ll take your bet.”

“Woa, did not expect that from you. But well, now I have to tell you, don't I?”

“Yep.”

“Concentrate more on the washing. After you are done, rinse every trace of the soap away from all the pieces. Well, my idea is a combination of that and another one. It is something called tongue splitting, where you cut the tongue down the middle, to create either a snake tongue, or two tongues, depending on how far you cut. Well, what I have in mind is the fully split tongue, and then add a row of piercings down each one, increasing in size, the farther you go. Three to five piercings per tongue.”

“Well, that sounds horrible. Would you not lose a function in your tongue if you cut it like you described?”

“Nope. I even met a few people that had their tongues split. Just google it at a later time. You can find pictures and videos, and some can even do some pretty neat tricks.”

“Why did you not already do it?”

“Mostly motivation. The piercings are one thing, but cutting your tongue like that is absolutely permanent and I don't feel ready for that. Now, I see that you are done with the water, just put the suit on the hanger, hang the gloves and socks on those rods. They are normally to hang jackets, but I find hanging latex over them prevents it from sticking together later. It helps get the air inside and out.”

“Oh ok. Do you really plan to go through with that idea?”

“I don’t know. It is something extreme, but also something I have not seen before. I will have to see if an opportunity arises.”

Standing up to help Kat with hanging up the clothes, She notices how the younger woman's eyes wandered between her legs. Remembering that she also wanted to explain the long barbels, she turned around and opened her legs wider to give her better access.

“Come on kitten. Sit down if you want to see, just what I have here. I don't want you to fall over, and I can take care of that mess of a hair of yours at the same time.”

Doing as she is told, even if she went red again at being caught Kat sits down between Foxy’s legs, and begins to inspect the piercings she can see. first only with her eyes, but also hesitantly at first with her fingers.

Foxy meanwhile begins with loosening the braid, and starts to untangle it, while explaining what she has.

“As you can see, I've had some work done down there as well. Well, as you can see, I have no hair down there. I don't have hair anywhere on my body other than what you can see on my head altogether. Had it permanently removed with a laser, which destroyed the hairroots themselves. Took a few sessions, but now I have no more shaving. It's nice. Damn, what have you done to that hair? It is like you never loosen this braid. That will take some time. Make yourself comfortable. It would be easiest for me to sit down as well.”

Doing as told, Kathrine stepped back a bit for Foxy to sit down before laying down between her legs. Enjoying the feel of the hand in her hair, and the warm water falling down from the ceiling mounted showerhead.

Returning to her explanation, Foxy focused more on talking and the hair than what Kat's hands did, and was not ready for the sudden pull she felt in her stretched clit.

“ Damn. I like some pain, but please warn a girl before you pull at her clit like that. Yes, that little tunnel is in my clit. Had it done at a normal size ,and then because of the weights I like to hang on it it slowly stretched wider and wider. I had to change the size of the ring there a few times before I decided to really stretch it. The tunnel I have in there is 6mm, and damn can it get sensitive. As you can see, I have no hood over my clit. Mine was always tiny, and as I got my clit pierced at a convention, I also had the hood removed. Used a bit of numbing cream on myself and did not feel a thing from the removal. The piercing on the other hand stung like a bitch.”

While Kat was playing with her piercings, she slowly untangled her hair.

“Do you see those rings in my labia?”

“You mean these?”

“Ohhhh, yeah. Mmmm. Keep playing. Yes those. The barbels that Frank used were most likely intended to replace the rings in July's Vulva, one barbel thought a matching pair. It would create the effect of her being closed up down there. You can play some nice games like that, if you insert a vibrator or other toy before closing up, or you can use that as a chastity belt.”

Meredith was so concentrated on the hair and telling her story, that she did not pay much more attention to what Kat was doing other than to enjoy the pulling and twisting of her rings.

What Kat was doing, was that after she accidentally removed one of the beads from one of the rings, she followed Foxy's description of what the barbels could do, and slowly remove the five rings in her right labia entirely, forming a chain with the ones through the tunnel in the clit with the removed rings to not lose them. After that, she continued to slowly remove the bead on the other rings, before carefully inserting the rings into the matching holes of her other labia before reinserting the beads. Ringing Foxy shut, without the other woman being aware.

Meredith, unaware just what Kat was doing continued to explain her adornments.

“The last piercing that you can see is at the bottom of my pussy. It is called a fouchetpiercing, and I had it pierced quite a bit deeper and with a bigger ring than normally used, because I planned to wear one of my tails on it. That sadly did not work, as the tail would hang at my front and not my back. Now I just like to hang little wights on it from time to time. Ok, I'm done with entangling your hair. Sit up so that I can use shampoo”

Doing as she is told, Kathrine sat up and enjoyed her hair being wasted.

After Foxy was done, Kat got up and went behind her to return the favor. Still wanting to know more, she asked about the tattoo.

“What about your tattoo? What is the story behind that?”

“Well, like I told you, my nickname was always something fox related, and I always liked body mods. So for my eighteenth birthday, I decided to get a tattoo. I went to a shop and worked with the artist to design it to my liking. It took three sessions to get it done, but I love it. What about you, anything that interests you?”

“I think all the things that I just learned about are interesting, but I don't think I had enough time to decide if I want something done yet. Careful, here comes the water.”

“I think we can go out now. Wait, what is that sound?”

Looking down, the first thing Meredith noticed was the swinging chain, and the tugging at her clit. Taking a step forward and feeling an unusual tugging at both her labia, she looked down again and spotted what Kat had done.

Looking up, she saw the other woman do her best not to giggle.

“Oh you little. You find it funny huh? Ringing me shut without me noticing it.”

Only getting more giggles for that, she slowly took a step forward, towering over the other woman.

“What do you think I should do with you hmm? What do you think a good punishment would be?”

At that question, Kat got beet red, while fiddling with her fingers and looking down, her laughter replaced with nervous shyness.

“Well, I'm waiting, Kitten. What do you think I should do to you as punishment?”

“Ahh… I … I…”

“Yes, from your reaction, I don't think it will be a punishment, but you think I will like it at least as much as you do. Am I right?”

“Maybe?”

“Spit it out kitten. You know we are just playing, but you know I want to hear it.”

That got only more blushing out of the young woman.

“Well?”

“Maybe you could put the collar and ears back on me and …… mumble mumble…”

"I'm sorry, I did not hear the last part.”

“You could put a tail in me and chain me to your bed to sleep like last night.”

“Ohh, does my new kitty like the idea of the big bad fox chaining her up in her den, after giving her a tail?”

Only getting a tiny shy nod from her Foxy laughed.

“Well, I can do that, but what would be the punishment? That sounds like a reward to me.”

“Make me…” Mumbles.

“Yes, Kitten?" What was that?”

“Do I have to tell you?”

“Do you think you should tell me?”

“Yes. I… I … I said that you should make me wear the tail tomorrow while shopping. Eeep.”

“Well, did you ever have something in your butt?”

The shaking head was all Kat could manage.

“That could be a problem. The only matching tail that I have is on one of my smaller regular plugs, but those are a bit large for a first time wearer.”

“Would it harm me for you to put it in me?”

“No. It would just be painful at the start, and uncomfortable to wear for you.”

“You did call it a punishment though.”

“Yes, but I don't like to use pain as punishment. How about this, we look how far you come and go from there. To wear my plugs for extended periods of time, I normally have to take an enema beforehand. Why don't we start there.”

“Ok. You have the experience, but please, can I wear my collar again?”

“Sure. That we can do. Come on ,let's dry up and then, we look at cleaning you out.”

---

After drying off, Meredith went into her bedroom to get the tail, enjoying the slight tugging and the clatter from the piercings in her crotch, while Kat waited nervously.

To distract herself, Kat was putting her ears back on, and played with her collar in her hands.

“Can you bring the ring with you please? I would like to have my collar back.”

“No problem. Why don't you prepare the bag for the enema. Look at the hooks behind the door. I have my bags there. Just take the one you want, and wash it with clean water. When you are done, just fill it with lukewarm water. Just look to take a small one.”

“OK.”

Doing as she was told, Kat, not having experience with them, chose a nice looking red bag, and proceeded to clean it before filling it. She did not hear the last part and chose instead a 3 litre bag.

When Foxy returned, she showed Kathrene the tail. It is an 80 cm/30 inch long black tail, with a 5 inch long and 1.75 inch thick plug at the end. Noticing the big bag, she decided not to comment and instead took from a drawer one of her smaller nozzles.

“Ok kitten. This here is the tail. As you can see, the plug is pretty big, too big for a beginner if you ask me. It is a bit smaller than what I normally wear, but I have years of training. This here is a nozzle. it goes on the end of the tube, and will be inserted into your ass. As you can see, it is much smaller. Do you want to know the sizes, or do you want me to just push it in?”

“It is meant to be a punishment, I let you decide, but can you please lock my collar again? I think that would make it easier.”

“Sure. And for your peace of mind,I won't tell you the size. ill just help you get it in and out. Ok, after I lock your collar, I want you to get on your hands and knees, your ass to me. I will then insert the nozzle into you and slowly open the valve. you will get the urge to go to the toilet, but that will go after a few seconds. As the water flows into you, you will feel fuller and fuller. I want you to take as much as you can, then tell me when it is enough. I want you to hold it then in for a few minutes, before you can go to the toilet and release it. We will be giving you three enemas to make sure you are fully clean. I'll even make you an offer. If you can take the whole bag, I will remain closed up and even put your key ring on the last ring in my clit. I'll remain like that one day for every full bag. Is that a deal?”

“Thank you. As for the deal, I don't know if I can take so much. Will you help me with it?”

“Sure kitten. Ok, here is the sound. I know, it feels a bit cold, that is the lube. I'll open it a bit now.”

Feeling something in her ass for the first time, Kat did not know what to expect. It was strange, a bit like when she was constipated, and the shit slid back into her, but with a tube following it.The water on the other hand just gave her the feeling of having to go to the toilet fast. Like Foxy said, the feeling subsided after some time, and all that remained was the growing pressure in her stomach.

Feeling the first cramp,she let out a grunt, and was surprised when Meredith suddenly knelt next to her and started to rub her belly. She did not know it, but Foxy had opened the clamp all the way, and had already taken a third of the bag.

Her soothing voice helped to distract her somewhat.

“That is a good kitten. Such a good kitten. After you are done with the first one, I'll change the nozzle to a slightly larger one, to prepare you for your first real tail. How does that sound? Good Kitten. I know you can take the whole bag. Good Kat…”

It took nearly ten whole minutes, and Kathrine started to tear up after five, but she took the whole bag.

"Wow, Kitten. I did not really think you could do all three litres. Now, I want you to wait at least five minutes for the water to work. After that, you can go to the toilet. Do you want me to leave the nozzle in, or should I pull it out?”

“Leave it in please. And can you pet me a bit more?”

“Sure. Do you want me in here when you shit out all that water, or would you rather have your privacy?”

“Could you leave me alone for that please? I have never had to use the toilet with someone watching, and I don't like the thought of it.”

“Sure. Hey, why don't you put the ring at the end of the chain? That way, I can't lose it, and you know, that the collar can not be removed?”

Kathrine did as told, and after fiddling with the last ring on the chain slipped her key ring on it, knowing that her collar would stay locked around her neck for at least one more day.

After the time was up, Foxy left the room and Kat spent some time on the toilet, before the two repeated the process. This time it was a good bit easier to retain the enema, even if Foxy did not change the nozzle.

For the third enema, Foxy did change it, but it went as well.

Finally ready to take her first real plug, Kat did not expect Meredith to give her a soft kiss, nor did Foxy expect to hear a thank you.

“Ok kitten.This is a really big plug for you. It is going to hurt going in, and even when it is inside, it will still hurt. Are you sure you want this?”

Not being able to get the words out, Kat instead nodded shily.

“I will need to force it in slowly, so that I will not accidentally injure you. If you say stop, I will stop. All other words other than slower or faster, will not impact the speed of how I push this plug into you. Do you understand? And this time, I need you to say it. I will not accept a nod of your head.”

“I… Ok. I understand… Can you please just start before I am too nervous and back out?”

“Sure. I’ll start on three. One, two, three.”

On one, Foxy took one of Kat's shoulders in one hand while positioning the plug at her rear entrance.

On two, she started to tense her arms for what she knew was to come.

At three, she started to push the big plug into Kat's ass and Kathrine started to scream, but she did not try to move away.

It took her over ten seconds to force the plug inside the young woman, and at the end, she had a sobbing catgirl in her arms.

Kat's ass was on fire, and it felt like it was ripping in two. The moment, when the largest part of the plug went through her sphincter and was sucked into her asshole was one of the most painful moments of her life. The stretched feeling of her already sore ass afterward was also not any better.

“Hush kitten, I'm here. The worst part is over. I am so proud of you, you can't even imagine it. Why don't I take you to bed, before I clean up the nozzles. Does that sound nice?”

“Can I stay here with you, while you rinse them off? I don't want to be alone.”

“No problem. It will only take a minute or two, but you have to let me go for that.”

True to her word, Foxy had the equipment rinsed in under five minutes, and was ready to lead Kat into the bedroom. She was surprised however, whenKat started to rub her heat against her leg, but stayed on all fours like a cat. Nor had she expected for Kat to crawl next to her into the bedroom.

At the big mirror, Kat stopped to look at herself. She stood up, and turned a bit to get a better look at her new tail, and even if it hurt like hell, could not help but be glad to have tried it.

In the mirror, she saw a sexy young woman with glossy black hair, two cute cat ears, a lovely red collar with a silver ring in the front and two foxhead engraved on it, and a long black tail.

She loved the look.

Turning to Foxy, she went over and to the surprise of both of them gave her a big kiss.

Realizing what she had done, she looked down and started to turn red again, but was stopped by the redhead's hand gently cupping her cheek.

“Come to bed, kitten. Today was an eventful day for you, and we need to be up early tomorrow.”

“Yes Foxy. Uhm,can you please hold me again?

Meredith could not resist the cute request and did just that, once they were in bed.

“Good night Foxy.”

“Sleep well my kitten.”

And with that, the two nearly naked women drifted off to sleep, both dreaming about the day, not knowing what the future would bring them.
