---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Linda's Revenge
authors:
- Subgamble
tags:
- F/mf
- kidnap
- captives
- cell
- dungeon
- torture
- electro
- bdsm
- crop
- stock
- prepare
- depilation
- wrap
- encase
- entombed
- revenge
- cons/nc
- XXX
date: 2004-01-01 00:00:00
---

WARNING

Do **NOT** try this at home, the story is presented here as a **fantasy only**,
to attempt this in real life may result in injury or death.
Linda's Revenge by Subgamble F/mf; kidnap; captives; cell; dungeon; torture; electro; bdsm; crop; stock; prepare; depilation; wrap; encase; entombed; revenge; cons/nc; XXX
Authors note: This is not for the squeamish it involves permanent entombment.

Linda is a 36 year old tall statuesque woman. She has natural
blond hair and blue eyes. She stands a little for 6 feet tall.
Her figure is a perfect 36-24-32. She is very athletic and
is very strong for a woman. In fact she is stronger than a great
many men. She has long legs with calf muscles that men love to eye.
For the past 8 years Linda has been married to Ted. Ted is 40 and
a computer programming engineer. It is necessary for Ted to travel
out of town several times a year.

Linda works for a large county in the southern part of the U.S.A.
She is a forensics specialist. Linda has a doctorate degree in forensics
science from a well respected southern university. For as long as
she could remember Linda was interested in everything connected with forensic
science and mummification. She studied both anthropology, and forensics
specializing in mummification and forensic science.

Linda traveled all over the world studying mummification as done my
many different ancient civilizations throughout the world. Not only
did she study the Egyptians but also other little known cultures in Africa
and South America. Linda devoured everything she could find out about
the process of mummifying human bodies. She even found one
little known culture where all of the ruler's mummies many years after
having been mummified and entombed.

Linda had the run of the morgue where she worked. She was in complete
charge of everything. Even though she didn't make a large salary
from the county, she had a large income. She was so well respected
in her field that she was constantly called by other cities, counties and
states. She was always well paid for her consulting work.
Linda did everything she could to study all of the mummification of which
she had learned.

There was a small room in the morgue which was not used. Linda
had a locksmith secure the door in a way that only she could have access
to the room. Then she proceeded to stock the room with all of the
chemicals she learned that had been used in the many processes of mummification
that she had studied. She hoped that one day she could put some of
them into practice on a cadaver for experimentation. For some unknown
reason, she even stocked the room with the chemicals she would need to
keep someone alive after they were mummified and entombed. Needless
to say this took a large part of her income for many years. Her husband,
Ted, made enough for both of them. Thus Linda was able to pursue
her hobby.

Linda noticed lately that Ted was spending more and more time at the
office and was coming home later and later. She didn't suspect anything
since Ted was still her loving partner. One day while doing the clothes,
Linda found a lip stick smeared handkerchief and a pair of panties in one
of Ted's pockets. Neither were Linda's.

Linda, as she worked at the morgue, had a great many detective friends
in the police department. There was one named Gabe. She was
really good friends with him and his wife. She asked Gabe if he would do
surveillance and tail her husband. She told Gabe she would pay him.
Gabe told Linda it would not be necessary for Linda to pay him. He
told her, "If Ted is cheating on you, I want you to know about it.
You're too nice to put up with that."

Linda heard nothing from Gabe for 2 weeks. On a Wednesday, business
was slow at the morgue. Murder seemed to take Wednesday's off.
Gabe came by and told Linda the sad news about Ted. He was spending
time with Nancy, a hair stylist. Gabe handed Linda a file and told
her all the details were contained in it. He told Linda how sorry
he was and left. At first Linda was steaming. She stormed up and
down the hall of the morgue. It's a good thing there wasn't anyone
present. They would have thought she was a mad woman. Then
Linda thought, don't get mad, get even. She cooled down and began
to plot her revenge. The first thing she would do would be to confront
Ted with the evidence and get a divorce. Linda studied the file and
began to plot her course of action.

When Linda confronted Ted, he blew up and stormed out. Linda hired
an attorney and although it took about a year and a half, Linda became
free of Ted. Her attorney also enabled her to take Ted to the cleaners
and get much of what he had. Ted had little more left than his automobile.
Out of necessity Ted moved in with Nancy. All the time Linda kept
track of their movements. She bided her time until she would find
the right opportunity to strike.

It took about two years. Linda learned that Ted and Nancy were
going to get married. She also learned that they were going to go
to Africa and take a safari deep in to the jungle. Linda had made
good friends with the chief of a little known culture through whose territory
the safari would pass. She flew to Africa well ahead of Ted's forth
coming marriage. She told the chief of her desires and he was only
too glad to comply. Now Linda would put the rest of her plan in action.
She knew a shady couple that almost fitted Ted and Nancy's descriptions.
She could contact them without them knowing who she was. They often
gave the police tips and acted as stool pigeons for them. She got
a message to them telling them what was needed. They were only too
glad to comply and get a free vacation.

In due time Ted and Nancy got married. They had hired a driver
and a limo to take them to the airport. Shortly after they left the
chapel Ted and Nancy heard the door locks snap closed. The last thing
they remembered was the sickly sweet smell of a gas permeating the interior
of the back of the limousine. The dark suited driver drove to a secluded
location. The inert, unconscious bodies of Ted and Nancy were quickly
bound and stashed in the trunk. The dark clad driver dropped a package
off at a pre selected location. The limousine was returned to its
place of rental and the dark clad driver changed clothes and took a bus
to a few blocks from where the car with Ted and Nancy in the trunk was
located.

Linda quickly walked to the car. She drove straight home and parked
in her attached garage. It took her awhile but she lifted Ted out
of the trunk and carried him down to her basement. Linda quickly
stripped Ted locked his wrists behind his back in handcuffs. After she
shackled Ted's ankles she locked him in his cell. Linda quickly got
Nancy to the basement and gave her the same treatment locking her in a
cell on the other side of the room. Linda figured Ted and Nancy would
be out another hour or so. She wanted to be sure to fit the devices
she had acquired to them before they awakened. She locked a specially
prepared belt on Ted. Then she did the same to Nancy.

At last Linda could relax. She poured several inches of her favorite
bourbon into a glass. She liked it neat, without water or ice.
She enjoyed the taste of excellent bourbon. Linda relaxed and curled
up in her favorite chair with her bourbon and a good book. Linda
sipped the expensive bourbon slowly enjoying its sweet acrid bite on her
tongue. She more stared at the book than read it. She was meditating
on exactly how she would exact her revenge from Ted and Nancy. By
the time she finished her bourbon Linda decided that Ted and Nancy would
be coming awake.

After her divorce and before she abducted Ted and Nancy, Linda had workers
make her basement into a full scale dungeon with racks, suspension devices,
stocks chairs and platforms. There were many items too numerous to
mention. She also ordered every item of restraint and every time
of torture device she could find on the internet. In addition Linda
had two solid cells complete with wash basin and commode installed in her
basement. She also had smaller cells that were more like crates.
If a person was locked into one of the smaller cells, they would be in
complete darkness. They would be unable to hear or see anything that
happened outside the cell. In short Linda had everything she needed to
keep Ted and Nancy locked in a cell and torture them for as long as she
wished. While Linda was having her basement made into a torture dungeon
she had the workers completely sound proof it so no sound could escape
outside the walls.

Linda donned proper attire to wear into her newly created dungeon with
its recently incarcerated prisoners. She donned black leather bra
and mini skirt. She put on thigh length high heeled boots and wore
a severe looking mask that concealed all of her face. She didn't
want Ted and Nancy to learn her identity yet. Linda came into the basement
dungeon just as Ted was beginning to become aware of his surroundings.
He looked befuddled. As he saw the leather clad figure, he mumbled,
"Where am I! What is happening?"

Linda said nothing she just pulled up an easy chair and sat in it.
She was waiting for both of her prisoners to become fully conscious.
She didn't want to waste time giving them her speech twice. She just
sat there in silence listening to Ted babble question after question.
After a time Linda saw Nancy beginning to stir. It was not long until
she was doing the same as Ted, babbling question after question.
When Linda was sure both of her prisoners were fully awake and aware of
their surroundings.

She stood up and said, "Silence! You both are to listen to exactly
what I have to say. If you are not completely obedient you will be
punished." Ted and Nancy began talking at the same time. Linda
picked up a remote control device similar to those used for TV sets. She
fiddled with a dial and then pressed a button. Ted and Nancy both
curled up in a ball on the floor and let out a blood curdling screams.
Linda released the pressure on the button and the screams subsided.
Linda said, "Now you know why those belts are locked on your waists and
genitals. That was setting number 5. They go all the way up
to 10. The supplier told me an extended jolt at level 10 can kill.
You must obey or you will get more of the same. If you continue to
disobey I will increase the level of the current. Now listen to me!"

"You are my prisoners for as long as I wish to keep you. Whether
you get out of here alive will depended upon how obedient you are to my
every command and how accepting you are to the tortures I have planned
for you." Linda didn't as yet want them to know that there chances
of leaving were less than winning a lotto jack pot. She wanted them to
think there was a chance they might be leaving her dungeon. This
would give them hope. Linda also thought it would enable them to
endure more of the tortures she had planned for them.

Linda said, "Now I'm going to leave you there. I hope you had
plenty to eat. You'll not get fed until morning. If you need
water or to use the commode in your cell, you'll have make do as best you
can. I'm not going to release your bonds. Good night. Sleep
tight."

Linda went up to her bedroom, undressed, poured herself a large bourbon,
took a bath and curled up in bed sipping her bourbon. Linda was soon asleep
having dreams of what she was going to Ted and Linda. She had visions
of the 2 new Buddha type mummies that would be sitting on each side of
the hearth beside her fireplace. Meanwhile in the basement dungeon Ted
and Linda looked at each other across the room. Linda said, "Ted
what has happened to us?"

Ted replied, "I don't know. I thought I recognized that woman.
However I can't place her."

"Ted what is going to happen to us?"

"I don't know but it sure doesn't look like we're going to a party any
time soon."

Ted and Nancy soon fell asleep. They were so tired from the day's
activities that they didn't even dream. While Ted and Nancy were
locked in their dreamless slumber, Linda was having dreams listening to
the screams of Ted and Nancy.

Linda awoke early in the Morning. She was anxious to begin. Linda
dressed in her leather attire. She was not ready to reveal her identity
to Ted and Nancy. Linda prepared each inmate a small bowl of oatmeal.
She took it down and placed it on the floor in each of Ted and Nancy's
cells. They were already awake. She told them if they
wanted breakfast they could eat. Their hands would remain locked
behind their back.

Ted and Nancy said, "How are we supposed to eat this?"

Linda replied, "You can lap it up like a dog."

Ted and Nancy began to slurp and lick up the oatmeal as best they could.
They managed to smear a lot of it over their faces. When they were
finished, Linda said, "Now I'm ready to begin torturing you two in earnest.
I think I'll begin with Nancy. That way Ted can watch. He will
want to know that he is going to receive more than what I do to Nancy.
Ted is male and will be able to endure longer and harder sessions of torture.
I'm going to get a few things ready. Then I will work on Nancy until
I get tired of hearing her scream or not scream if she is gagged."

Ted said, "You can't do that. Someone will find out about it and
you'll go to prison."

Linda said, "Silly boy! No one knows you're here. No one is going
to hear you scream. As far as all of your friends know, you're on
your honeymoon in Africa. Your family and close friends will be getting
cards from you telling them how much you're enjoying your trip. I
guess that proves that your argument doesn't hold water. Now Ted,
shut up! If you don't, I'll have to zap you with the belt."

Ted began to really worry. How could their friends and family
be getting cards from Africa? They were not in Africa. They
were her in this unknown dungeon. There was a leather clad goddess
who was apparently going to torture them. Right now there was nothing
that could be done about their situation. Surely some one would report
them missing and being to search for them.

Linda was going to begin with Nancy. She went over and unlocked
Nancy from her cell. She dragged her out on the floor and lifted
her up. Linda locked Nancy's head in a pair of stocks. Linda
then fastened Nancy's wrists in the slots at the same level as her head.
Linda adjusted the stocks containing Nancy's head and wrists until her
spine was parallel with the ground and her ass was sticking nicely out
behind. Quickly Linda spread Nancy's ankles really wide and secured
them in another set of stocks. Now Nancy was standing bent over with
her pussy wide open and her lovely tits hanging down.

Linda stood back and surveyed her prey. She said, "Now I have
you right where I want you. I'm going to cause you great pain and
there isn't a thing anyone can do to stop me. Ted pay attention.
You're going to get what I give Nancy plus a lot more. Nancy I know
you won't be able to keep from screaming. However, you'll do well
to make as little noise as possible. You see your screams will turn
me on and make me want to do even more to you. I guess I have always
been a closet sadist. I had planned this just to punish you two.
Now I see having you both helpless and at my mercy is beginning to turn
me on. Oh well enough chat. Nancy it's time for me to get started
on you. I'm going to begin with this nice thin, wispy cane."

Linda walked over to a can next to the wall. She picked out a
thing bamboo cane that was about 4 feet long. As he pulled the cane out
of the can, it dripped liquid. Linda looked over at Nancy and said,
"I have these canes soaking in a brine solution to make them more pliable.
In addition the salt will add to your painful situation when the blows
break your skin."

Linda wasted no time. She drew back with the cane and landed a
blow directly across both of Nancy's ass cheeks. Linda was rewarded
with a loud. "Uggggh, eowwwww." from Nancy. Linda quickly drew
back and lashed Nancy's ass six more times putt welts on it in the shape
of an x and leaving 3 more red welts parallel to the ground. Nancy
was yelling and screaming that she couldn't take any more. Linda
walked over to a table. Nancy saw her pick up 2 items. Nancy
couldn't see what Linda had picked up. As Linda neared Nancy, Nancy
saw that Linda had something in her hands that looked like clips.
She was not wrong. Linda held up the 2 mini clips and said, "This
will be a treat for me and a treatment for you."

Nancy asked, "Whhhhaa what are you going to do with those?"

Linda replied, "You'll see."

Linda quickly applied on of the clips to Nancy's right nipple.
That elicited a loud, "Eyeeeeyeow, " from Nancy. Linda quickly gave
Nancy's other nipple the same treatment. That caused Nancy to scream
a second time. Linda went back to work on Nancy's ass with the cane.
She whipped Nancy with the cane until the cane was in tatters and Nancy's
ass was raw and running little drops of blood from the weals she had created
on Nancy's ass. Linda was now tired as well as turned on from having
worked over Nancy's ass. Linda went over and took out a bottle of
bourbon from one of the cabinets. Nancy could see into the cabinet
Linda had opened. What she saw caused her shudder even more than
she was from the pain in her nipples and ass. She saw all sorts of
paddles, whips and restraint devices. She supposed they would soon
be used on her and Ted. She would not be wrong.

Linda poured herself 2 fingers of the expensive bourbon in a glass
and
sat down to sip it. Then she thought of something. She walked
over, unlocked Ted's cell. She pulled off her leather skirt and panties.
She roughly pulled Ted over on his back and planted her pussy directly
over Ted's lips. She then said, "Ted eat my pussy. You had
better do a good job and please me. If you don't do a good job, I'll
be forced to use the zapper on you".

Ted did not want to feel the effects of the electricity a second time.
He ate Linda's pussy until she came with a large, long shuddering climax.
Linda, without a word got up off of Ted's face. She dressed and left
Ted locked in his cell. As she walked toward Nancy she stopped to
pick another cane out of the can. She stood directly behind Nancy
and delivered a hard blow from the cane directly into the center of Nancy's
love site. She did this a second and then a third time. This
forced eerie loud screams from Nancy. They were more inhuman sounds
than human sounds.

Linda went back to her chair and slowly sipped her bourbon as she listed
to Nancy's loud screams slowly diminish. Nancy was left hanging,
supported only by the stocks which imprisoned her neck and wrists.
She could hardly support herself to get enough air to breathe. Her
tits hurt. Her pussy was on fire. Her ass was burning as if
it was up against a red hot pot belly stove. Surely this couldn't
get any worse. Nancy was as wrong as wrong can be.

Linda slowly finished her bourbon. Then she turned her attention
back to Nancy. She went to the cabinet. She took out 2 items,
a long wide strap and a leather paddle with holes in it. She came
over to Nancy. She took the strap and began to paint Nancy's back
with wide red welts. All the time Nancy was yelling and screaming.
Next Linda took the paddle and turned the backs of Nancy's thighs red.
There were little blue circles where the holes in the paddle made contact
with Nancy's flesh. Linda now had to rest. Apparently Nancy
had exhausted herself. All she was doing now was sobbing and murmuring
little squeaks.

Linda then went back and selected another brine soaked, thing wispy
cane. She used this on the inside of Nancy's thighs and worked her
way around each thigh until she had completely covered them with red welts.
As a final punishment, Linda brought the cane up as hard as she could a
smashed into the center of Nancy's cunt 3 times. This made Nancy
emit one last long wailing scream. Linda reached under Nancy and
removed the clips from her nipples.

Linda went over to the chair and sat in it. She looked at Nancy
who was now slumped almost inert in her stocks. Linda said, "Nancy
as soon as I regain my strength, I'm going to fix you while I go upstairs
and take a rest. When I come back I'll bring your lunches.
Then I'll begin on Ted." Linda relaxed in her chair for quite awhile.

Linda got out and again went to the cabinet. She brought out a
box with wires attached to it and 2 medium sized metal dildos. She
came over to Nancy. She attached a wire to each of Nancy's nipples
with clips. She slid one of the dildos into Nancy's already battered
pussy. There were 2 clips at the end of the dildo. Linda placed
the clips on the labia on each side of Nancy's cunt. The other dildo
was really a butt plug. Linda pushed it into place in Nancy's ass
hole. Linda quickly attached wires to each of the dildos invading
Nancy's holes. Linda fiddled with dials on the box. Nancy began
to jerk a little. Linda increased the current now flowing through
Nancy's tits, pussy and ass hole until Nancy emitted a high keening whine.
Linda decided that Nancy was now probably in real pain. Linda increased
the current and was rewarded with an even louder whine from Nancy.
Linda set the control box on the floor. She went to a drawer and
withdrew 2 ball gags. She fastened one in place in Nancy's mouth.
She went over to Ted's cell, unlocked it and quickly stuffed the other
gag in Ted's mouth and buckled it tightly in place.

Linda stood at the door and said, "Enjoy! I'm going up and take
a nap for a few hours. You're both gagged. I don't want you
to be able to talk or comfort each other with the sound of your voices.
Have fun I know I will."

Linda left, went up to her kitchen, had a snack and took a nap.
She thought, "Gee! Being a sadist is hard work".

Nancy, locked
in the stocks was in real pain from the current flowing through her love
nest and tits. She couldn't do anything other than concentrate on trying
to block out the pain. Ted lay on his floor in his cell. He
couldn't see how Nancy had managed to stand what had happened to her.
He was really dreading having Linda come back to work him over as she had
Nancy.

Linda awoke from her nap. She couldn't believe she had been asleep
for more than 4 hours. She got up made sure she was in costume and
went to the kitchen. She still didn't want Ted or Nancy to be sure
of her identity. In the kitchen she made Ted and Nancy each a baloney
sandwich. Then she headed for the dungeon.

When Linda got to the dungeon, she went over and placed the sandwiches
on the bench. She then turned off the current running through
Nancy's body. Nancy slumped in the stocks grateful to be relieved
of the pain the current running through her body had caused. Linda
took out Nancy's gag and slowly fed her a baloney sandwich. Next
she removed Ted's gag and slowly fed him a baloney sandwich.

Linda went over and released Nancy from the stocks. Linda said,
"I think you've had enough for now. I don't want you to expire on
me. I want you to last a long time. That way I can have more
fun with you. Now I'm going to fix you for the night."

Linda released Nancy and dragged her to her cell. Nancy could
hardly walk after what she had suffered at the hands of Linda. Linda
told Nancy "If you need to use the toilet, do so now. Otherwise you
may have to sit in a mess the rest of the night."

Nancy dragged
herself over to the commode and managed to take care of the necessities.
Then Linda secured Nancy in a buck and gag position. She tied her
wrists together, had Nancy get in a sitting position and placed her wrists
on top of her ankles. Linda then slid a bar, with a chain attached
to it, over her elbows and under her knees. Linda locked the free
end of the chain to the other end of the bar. The bar stuck out far
enough on each side of Nancy's legs that she could not pull her arms sideways
enough to get the bar out from between the backs of her knees and her elbows.
Linda strapped the ball gag tightly back in Nancy's mouth. Then she
slid Nancy over until her back was against one of the cell bars.
She buckled the belt tightly about Nancy and around the cell bar.
The bar dug painfully into Nancy's spine. Linda locked the belt.
Then she said, "Nancy that should hold you for the entire night.
I hope you're comfy."

Linda turned toward Ted and said, "Ted, now it's your turn. I
hope you paid attention to what happened to Nancy. You're going to
get a lot more."

Nancy did much the same thing to Ted as she did to Nancy. The
only difference was she whipped his prick instead of a cunt. When
she finished with Ted, she locked him in a device called Scavenger's Daughter.
This has the victim placed in a position similar to the buck and gag position.
There are two long bars stretching out from a collar placed around the
victim's neck. It has cuffs directly in front of his chest where
his wrists are confined. Then 2 u-bars are placed over each of the
victim's ankles a bar is slid through these cuffs and through the ends
of the bar extending from the victims neck. The captive is now secured
in a sitting position unable to move. Linda gagged Ted and left him
there for the night.

For the next two weeks Linda tortured Ted and Nancy in every way she
could think of. A day after Ted and Nancy had passed there second
week in captivity, the story Linda was expecting ran in the local paper.
The headline read, "Local couple killed in freak African boat accident."
If one read further they learned that two people with Ted and Nancy's names
were killed in a little known country of central Africa. It seemed
the boat sank and the couple was devoured by crocodiles. All of the
other passengers were rescued. Linda clipped the article. Soon
she would show it to Ted and Nancy. The article did not appear any
too soon. Linda was tiring of torturing Ted and Nancy. She
had done most everything she could do to them.

That day Linda still concealing her identity went down to the dungeon
and gave Ted and Nancy a very good meal. As Ted and Nancy were devouring
the good food Linda said, "You'll be glad to know the torture part of your
ordeal has ended. I can't begin the next stage of your punishment
until your bodies have completely healed of all of their wounds."

Nancy looked up and said, "Does that mean we'll be getting out of here
soon?"

Linda replied, "In a way yes."

For the next 3 weeks Linda treated Ted and Nancy well. She saw
that they were well fed. Mean while she prepared for the final punishment
of Ted and Nancy. Ted and Nancy saw Linda haul what looked like a
statue of Buddha into the room. Then they saw a great deal of various
size boxes brought into the room. Linda removed the contents from
the boxes and stored them in cabinets. As far as Ted and Nancy could
see, they looked like huge rolls of tape as well as various tubes, vials
and bottles of liquid. Just about time Linda had all the necessary
supplies in place she thoroughly examined Ted and Linda. She saw
that all of their wounds were healed or nearly healed and there was no
sign of infection. Linda decided the next day she would provide Ted
and Nancy with final preparations for the next step. She knew they
would not like it.

The morning arrived. Linda was wide awake anticipating listening
to the moans of pain come from Ted and Nancy one last time. She was
still concealing her identity from Ted and Nancy. Linda went to the
dungeon. She thought, "This time I'll do Ted first."

She brought a pair of cuffs and a pair of ankle shackles in the cell
to Ted. She told him to cuff his ankles and lock his wrists together
in front of him. Linda cautioned Ted to remember the belt.
Ted did exactly as Linda directed. He no longer wanted to feel the
painful charge that the belt could deliver.

Linda took Ted over to a pole in the center of the room. She fastened
Ted's ankles to the floor. Then clipped a snap over the center of
the chain connecting Ted's wrist cuffs. Linda went over to the wall
and cranked the winch stretching Ted tightly. She strapped Ted's
body tightly against the post at his ankles, knees, waist and neck.
Then Linda said, "I'm tired of listening to you scream. I'll gag
you." Linda tightly gagged Ted. Then she said, "It's time for
your final little torture."

Linda grabbed two sharp needles that were fairly thick. She pushed
one through Ted's right nipple. This elicited a loud, "Uggggghhhhhh!"
from Ted. Linda pushed a second pin through the same nipple at right
angles to the first pin. Linda quickly did the same to Ted's other
nipple. Pins were now in Ted's nipples forming a large X.

Next Linda took a larger pin and inserted in the head of Ted's cock.
This pin was at right angles to Ted's body. It ran right through
the head of Ted's cock piercing the urinary tract. Next Linda pierced
the underside of Ted's cock just below the head and inserted a ring there.
She inserted another ring at the base of Ted's scrotum. She stood
back, surveyed her work and said, "Ted you're now fixed the way I want
you. Once you're in your cell if you pull those pins and rings out
or change them in any way you'll really regret it. If you bother
those attachments to your body, you'll think the torture you've just undergone
was play time. Now I'm going to put some ointment on those places
where I pierced your body. The ointment will help those places to
heal very quickly."

Linda finished with Ted. She put him back in his cell and released
his shackles. Then she turned her attention to Nancy.
She quickly had Nancy secured to the same pole in the same way as had been
Ted. Linda quickly gave Nancy's nipples the same treatment as Ted's
had received. The only difference was she used pins with a larger
girth. Linda finished looking at Nancy's Nipples satisfied with the
large X she saw on each nipple. She said to Nancy, "You should be
glad you don't have a penis. You only get one ring through your clit
down there." Linda then turned her attention to Nancy's cunt. She
found the clit and pierced it with a pin. The she put a ring through
the piercing and made sure it was permanently closed. Linda gave
Nancy's wounds the same treatment with the ointment as she had Ted.

Soon Nancy was back in her cell. Other than making sure Ted and Nancy
were well fed, Linda applied ointment to their wounds the next two days.
On the third day the piercing holes in Ted and Nancy were completely healed.
At the same time Linda's office received the two pieces of paper for which
she was waiting. The death certificates for Ted and Nancy had arrived
at her office.

It was time for Linda to put the rest of her plan in action. Linda
went to her office and made photo copies of Ted and Nancy's death certificates.
She also made several photo copies of the article about the accident that
had befallen Ted and Nancy.

She returned to her house. Without bothering to conceal her identity,
she went down to the dungeon. When Ted and Nancy saw Linda enter
the dungeon Ted said, "My god Linda! Thank goodness you've found
us. Get us out of here before that demon crucifies us."

Linda emitted an evil sounding laugh. She said, "Ted I'm sorry
to inform you that I am that evil demon you've just described. You're
here because you insulted and demeaned me. You're now going to pay
for that. Nancy is here because she aided and abetted you in your
humiliating me. Now I want you to see why there is no hope of your
escape and why no one is looking for you". She handed Ted and Nancy
each a clipping about their being killed in Africa.

After they had time to read and digest it Nancy said, "My god!
How did you arrange this? There is no way you could have arranged
to have us killed that far away from home."

Linda calmly said, "The chief of the country you happened to be passing
through on that boat trip is a very good friend of mine. I arranged
for his country to receive antibiotics for sickness while I was studying
there. In fact he is soon to get an even larger shipment of medicines
his country badly needs. He will do most anything I request of him."

Linda then showed Ted and Nancy their respective death certificates.
Ted said, "Linda! You can't do this just because I had an affair."

Linda replied, "I can and will. You'll never again break a marriage
by having an affair. Now it's time to put the rest of my plan in
action and get you started on the way to your final resting place."

"Nancy you're going to be done first. That way Ted can know he
is responsible for what is happening to you. Maybe he will also be
terrified for himself when he sees what will happen to you."

Nancy said, "Exactly what are you going to do with us."

Linda replied, "That's a good way to put. Just wait you'll soon
see."

"Ted it will take most of the day for me to take care of Nancy.
I will have to wait until tomorrow to do you."

Linda handed Nancy a pair of handcuffs and told her to cuff her wrists
in front of her. She then opened the cell and told Nancy to walk
over to the corner of the cell. Linda then stripped. When Ted
saw Linda's nude body, his pierced dick began to get hard. He thought,
"God! How could I've walked out on Linda?"

Linda went over to the counter and poured white crystals and a large
amount of liquid into a pan. She came back to Nancy began to rub
Nancy's back with the crystals and liquid. Linda explained to Nancy,
"This is mixture of salt and disinfectant. The liquid comes from
a tree deep in the jungle of South America. This has the effect of
defoliating and sanitizing the skin. Your skin must be completely
clean and totally sanitized or this will not work. Linda vigorously
rubbed Nancy's entire body with the mixture. To Nancy it felt as
if her skin was being sand papered. Linda then rubbed Nancy's entire
body down with another liquid. Linda turned on the shower and Nancy
saw all of hair, including that on her head, go down the drain.

Linda then gave Nancy a large enema to clean out her intestines. Again
Nancy was showered.

When Nancy was thoroughly dried, Linda let her down and cuffed her wrists
behind her back. She told Nancy to walk over and sit on the table.
Nancy noted that she was now sitting on the table between two halves of
a statue that when pushed together would form a human sized statue of Buddha.
Linda then went over to the cabinet and brought back a bottle of a bronze
colored solution. She proceeded to cover and paint Nancy's entire
body with the bronze liquid. The solution gave a golden cast to Nancy's
skin. As the liquid Linda had applied to Nancy's skin began to dry, Nancy
found it harder and harder to move her limbs.

Linda had Nancy lie face down on the table. She inserted
a large hose into Nancy's rectum well up into her intestines. Linda
turned on a pump. Nancy heard a low whirr and felt her intestines
begin to fill. Just when she thought something was going to burst
the whirr stopped. Linda saw that the goop had begun to spill out
of Nancy. Linda then placed large metal butt plug into Nancy's rectum.
It completely filled her ass hole. No more of the goop could drip
past the plug. This plug was different than most butt plugs.
It had 2 large round balls at the base. They were about two inches
apart. The end ball had a hole in it. In addition it had a
long thin wire trailing from it. Linda rammed the plug home.
Now only the base of the dildo, the ball with the hole in it was visible.
Linda adjusted the dildo until the bottom outer edges of the ball were
just even with edge of Nancy's ass crack. A long thin wire trailed out
a few inches from the butt plug.

Linda looked over at Nancy and said, "Now I'll just apply a little current
to the wire connected to your butt plug and your pussy ring. That
will glue the goop to the sides of your intestines all the way from your
ass hole to your stomach. Your intestines will be permanently
sanitized and sealed. They tell me that stuff will adhere to your
digestive tract like superglue. "

Linda attached 2 wires from the remote
control box, one to the wire connected to Nancy's butt plug and the other
to Nancy's clit ring. Nancy felt a small tingling in her clit and
her intestines. After a short while Linda turned off the current
and removed the leads. Linda said, "Your ass hole is finished. Now
I have to do something to take care of your love nest".

Linda replaced
the nozzle on the hose coming from the pump with a fresh one. She
shot the same goop into Nancy's cunt until it was filled to over flowing.
Linda then stuffed a large dildo with a bulb on the end into Nancy's cunt.
The dildo slid in until everything was past Nancy's cunt lips. This
dildo had a ring attached to its base as well as a wire sticking out of
it. Nancy put the ring on the base of the dildo through the ring
on Nancy's clit. She then fixed the ring so it was permanently closed.
Now the only way to remove the dildo from Nancy's cunt was to cut the rings.
Linda gave Nancy's cunt the same electrical treatment as she had her rear
end. Nancy's cunt now felt as if was completely packed full of cock.
A thin wire also trailed out a few inches from the dildo in Nancy's cunt.

Linda then had Nancy roll over on her side. Nancy felt a liberal
supply of a liquid being applied to both sides her ass crack. She
felt Linda push the sides of her crack together. Linda held the pressure
for a little while. When Nancy felt Linda release the pressure she
had been applying to her ass cheeks, Nancy felt her ass cheeks glued tightly
together.

Linda had Nancy roll back over. She applied the same liquid to
Nancy's cunt lips and glued them tightly closed. You could now only
see a thin line where Nancy's ass crack had been. Half way down the
line that had been Nancy's ass crack you could see a small round hole.
You could barely find the line where her pussy lips were glued together.
The 2 thin wires trailed out of Nancy's body, one from her ass and one
from her cunt.

Linda now folded Nancy's legs in front of her. Nancy's joints
had stiffened to the point that Linda had to really work to get Nancy's
legs bent into place. When Linda was satisfied that Nancy's legs
were in the correct position she got out a thin roll of white substance.
She wrapped each of Nancy's toes with the stuff. When Linda was finished
each of Nancy's toes looked like short fat, white sticks. Next Linda
wrapped each of Nancy's feet with wider widths of the white stuff up to
her ankles Linda then began wrapping each of Nancy's legs with the
white stuff.

She had to work hard to get Nancy's legs bent so that
one was over the other. Linda wrapped the white stuff around Nancy's
Legs. Linda worked to be sure that both of Linda's legs were wrapped
smoothly up to where her thighs joined her body. When Linda was satisfied
that Nancy's legs were completely wrapped and showed no seams. Linda
began wrapping Nancy's body with wider widths of the white stuff.
Linda wrapped Linda's body from the tops of her thighs to just below her
neck. When Linda was satisfied that Linda's upper body was thoroughly
wrapped. She stopped.

Linda went over to the counter and prepared a syringe that was partially
filled with a violet colored liquid. Linda came back to Nancy and
said, "You asked me what I was going to do to you. I'm going to mummify
you. When I finish with you, I will have you entombed as a living
mummy. I have here in this needle a poison. The poison will
not kill you. It is made from a combination of snake venom and herbs
from the jungle of Africa. It lowers your metabolism until you're
barely alive. Even though your metabolism is lowered to the point
where not even a doctor would detect that you're alive, you will remain
alert and have all of your senses. I'm told that you can remain alive
for more than 60 years without food, water or air. I don't trust
that though. In addition to the poison I'm going to use a back up
system. I will push a tube down into your lungs and put an IV into
your large neck vein. These will have tubes that will go down to
a bag I'll place between your legs. Your body can then recycle the
air and fluid it uses indefinitely. You should remain alive in your
tomb the rest of your natural lives."

"In addition, I'm going to attach the wires coming from your pussy and
ass to a box. The box will deliver voltage to your pussy and ass.
Sometimes it will be painful. Other times it will bring you to the
brink of orgasm without permitting you to have a sexual climax. After
I wrap your head and before I put you in the Buddha cast, I will put 2
small sensors in front of your eyes. These will have wires running
down to the box. I'm told the batteries in the box have been developed
by the space program. They should last 30 years or longer.
They can be recharged. To recharge them all I need to do is direct
a laser at the pin hole that will be in front of the sensors for a few
hours. I'm going to make sure those batteries last the rest of your
natural lives."

Nancy had a look of pure horror on her face. "You can't do this.
Some one will find us. Please let us out of here."

Linda emitted and evil cackling laugh. She said, "Nancy no one
is going to find you. No one is even going to be looking for you.
Everyone knows your bodies have been digested by crocodiles. Before
I use the poison on you Nancy, I want you to know that the amber solution
I brushed on your skin will harden. It will have the strength of
steel and seal your skin. You will not be able to get an infection
through your skin. When I finish wrapping you in this white stuff,
I will subject it to a strong beam of ultraviolet light. This will
harden it. When the wrapping hardens, it will compress your body
a little and make sure you will not be able to move a muscle.
After I finish prepping you, I will put you in that hollow statue.
I will pour a liquid into the statue that will completely surround your
body. The liquid will look like brass when it hardens. However
it will be 10 times harder than the hardest steel known to man .
I'm told one of the tribes in Africa got this stuff from where a meteor
crashed into the earth thousands of years ago. The only holes in
your cast will be the 2 small pin holes for the laser to recharge your
batteries."

Linda made sure there was no air in the needle. Linda plunged
the needle into a large vein in Nancy's neck. Nancy was immediately
completely limp. Linda pushed a tube into Nancy's air passage.
She placed a tube through Nancy's mouth down to her stomach. Linda
pumped the thick liquid down into Nancy's stomach. The gooey glue
came up and flowed out of Nancy's mouth. Linda made sure that Nancy's
mouth was packed with the stuff. Then she gave it a small charge
of electricity. The goop hardened and filled Nancy's stomach, esophagus
and mouth. Linda packed Nancy's nasal passage with the stuff.
She hardened. Nancy smoothed the same glue over Nancy's Lips that
she had used on her ass crack and her pussy. Linda pushed Nancy's
Lips together and sealed them. Linda put the IV in Nancy's throat.
Flat tubes ran down Nancy's body to a small bag of liquid in the fold of
her legs. Linda placed a small disc in front of each of Nancy's eyes.
Two wires ran from these discs down to a small box in the fold of Nancy's
legs. Linda attached the wires running from Nancy's pussy and ass
to the box. Linda pushed a switch activating the box. Linda
quickly wrapped Nancy's face and neck. Then she covered the crotch
area which she had skipped until now. Linda pushed a switch.
Nancy's body was bathed in purple light. Linda went over to Ted.

Ted was so horrified and terrified he had remained silent. Linda
looked at Ted, "Just think in a few hours your little home wrecking second
wife is going to be a living mummy. You will follow her tomorrow.
I hope you learn not to cheat on your wife."

Linda left the room. Ted thought, "This can't be happening to
us. Surely there is some way out of this predicament." Deep
in his heart Ted knew there would be no escape.

In a few hours Linda came back and turned off the ultra violet light.
Linda pushed the now mummified Linda forward. She screwed a foot
long shaft into the hole sticking out of Nancy's ass crack. She fiddled
with it a minute. There was a click. Nancy looked over at Ted,
and said, "When I mount you 2 mummies on the blocks on either side of my
fireplace, that shaft will go into the hole of a large block of metal and
permanently lock in place. When I finish my fireplace will be adorned
with a human sized statue of Buddha on either side of it".

Linda dropped
the shaft sticking out from Nancy's ass crack into a hole on the table.
Linda pushed the 2 halves of the Buddha statue together. Linda made
sure the 2 halves mated perfectly. She locked them together.
Linda attached a hose to the top of the cast. Ted heard a whir.
After a short time an amber colored gooey substance flowed out of the top
of the cast. Linda pushed a switch and the whir ceased. Linda
waited about a half hour. She removed the cast. There were
a few imperfections. Linda took metal brush and smoothed out the
bubbles and made sure the surface of the shiny bronze colored Buddha was
smooth. Finally she was satisfied. Linda checked to make sure
the pin holes in the eyes remained open because of the needles in the cast.
She was satisfied. She looked over at Ted.

Linda prepared another syringe of the violet liquid. She
came over to Ted and injected him. Immediately Ted was out on the
floor.

The next day Linda did Ted as she had Nancy. Linda left the 2
Buddha statues in her basement for a week. This allowed them to harden
completely. Linda removed all traces of her dungeon.

Linda hired movers to come in and carry the Buddha statues up to her
den. The shafts on the bottoms of the statues were seated into holes
on 2 massive blocks of metal. When each shaft reached the bottom
of the hole, there was a loud click. The Buddha statues were now
mounted on both sides of Linda's fireplace. Linda could look at them
and gloat about her revenge whenever she wished.

Ted and Nancy either screamed with pain or moaned trying to experience
a sexual climax that would never come. Of course not a sound escaped
from the Buddha statues. After a few months, if it could have happened
there would have only been a keening howl and drool coming from the mouths
of Ted and Nancy. If they could have been released from their entombment
no amount of psychological help could have made them regain their sanity.

Linda often held parties or had company in her den. She always
received rave compliments on the statues adorning her fireplace.

.
