---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Confidential Package
authors:
- Bella_Bubby
tags:
- F-m
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2003-06-10 00:00:00
---

Confidential Package
by bella\_bubby
Confidential Package
\* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*   PART 1   \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*

I hear a knock at the door, answer it, but no one is there. I look down
and there sits a large box with my name stamped on top. With great difficulty
I drag the box inside. Across the wooden crate in big red letters reads
CONFIDENTIAL. I wasn’t expecting anything, maybe I won a competition or
something, but what sort of prize would be so secret. I go into the laundry
and grab my tool kit, grabbing the biggest claw hammer I have. I start
to pry the lid off, when I hear a faint noise come from within the box.
I try to peak in through the tiny gap, but its too dark inside to see anything
apart from the faint shine of something metallic looking. I can still hear
the faint noise, almost like breathing coming from inside that crate. That’s
it…I want to know whats in that box. So frustrated with not knowing, I
start laying into the box, ripping the lid off. As I do all four sides
of the box collapse revealing a cold metal cage…but its whats inside the
cage that interests me more… As I go in for a closer look, I hear another
knock at the door. I go out and there at my feet is yet another box, this
one much smaller and un-marked, only characterised by a large red ribbon.
I untie the ribbon and as it falls to the ground I open the box and peer
inside to see a large array of toys. Not toys a child would play with,
but adult toys, vibrators, nipple clamps, even an electrode kit. As I move
everything about in the box, having a look at the assortment, I see writing
on the bottom of the box. I move everything aside to see the note…’Do with
me as thou wilt…I am yours!’

My own pet………….my own pet Brad.

I look at you sitting there naked in your cage. What can I do with you…let
you out to roam free…or keep you locked up as long as I want. It would
be so mean of me to leave you like that…locked up so long, not being able
to move, not being able to touch me… just having to watch what I do to
myself… and take what I do to you. How could a nice innocent girl like
me do such a thing…

Nice… nice…….me……………… not this bitch!!!

What to do….where to start….. I think I’ll make myself more comfortable….you
watch as I disappear into the bedroom for a little while….20 minutes later
I return….

You look me up and down….starting at the feet….with my 6 inch ballet
boots…that stretch all the way up my thighs…….above there ending….the laced
edge of my jet black stockings…. attached to my suspenders…… my rich red
corset… holding me in so tightly, pushing my breasts up, showing a cleavage
you haven’t seen in a long time…

My long dark hair is curled down around my chest tickling the tops of
my breasts… up my arms…long black latex gloves…..and in my hands….my long
stock whip... a frightened look comes over your face…you have no idea what
I have in store for you….

How bout we start with a little show…..have to try out some of these
toys…..but first……to guarantee you are only looking... and NOT touching…
I’ll have to protect this cage a little… I take out the electrode kit and
examine it a little… unlucky for you… sitting in a metal cage and all…
I take one of the clamps and attach it to the cage…. I take the other attachment… 
a strip of Velcro with the electrode attached and wrap it around your cock
and balls…. Now every time you try and touch the sides of the cage your
cock will get a nice little jolt….not much at first… but the more times
you try….the higher that voltage will go…don’t worry…the bottom of the
cage is rubber lined…..so you’ll have a little protection….. For the time
being…

You don’t believe that I’d shock you…so you grab one of the bars…. And
as you do… a jolt goes running up your cock and through your body…. “BAD
BOY… didn’t believe me did you… up the voltage goes… you’ll believe me
now wont you…”

I go back to my box….. fiddle through things for a little till I find
something for me… ahhh…. Perfect for my little show….

I take out the vibrator and attach it to the cradle on top of the cage…and
climb up on top…. I lick my fingers and slide them down over my pussy and
start ever so gently rubbing my already swollen clit… That’s one thing
you didn’t notice when you were looking at my outfit….no panties… just
a soft smooth pussy… mmmm… feels so good… my fingers start to rub more
and I open my legs wider so my hand can go deeper… I start to stroke my
clit making it swell even more...then I insert my fingers inside of my
hot wet pussy…a little at first then all the way in…I squirm over you…
wanting to fuck my fingers so bad…I slip my fingers out and lick them 
while you watch me…tastes so wonderful…I reach my hand down through the
bars and push my fingers into your mouth…SUCK!!! You seem so hungry… you
grab my hand…pulling me down closer to you… but I pull away….trying to
grab me again you reach me as I get my arm out of the cage….sadly for you…you
catch one of the bars and get a bigger jolt then before from the electrode…
The pained look on your face excites me…better be careful…

I move now over the vibrator…this wonderful creation will do me nicely…
will reach nice and deep inside me… and a nice butterfly to rub on this
now very swollen clit of mine…. I lower myself down on it… nice deep penetration…
you will be able to help me with this…I’ll let you participate. I lower
down to you a little control box which has been attached to the cradle.
At your choice you can control both the depth of penetration of the vibrator….and
the power of that little butterfly…

I start rocking back and forwards on top of you…..as you pump up the
power on the clit…sending little buzzes of excitement up through my body…you
know what gets me and you plan on using that to ‘help’ me out… I start
to moan as that butterfly gets to work on me….you watch as juices start
to collect at the opening of my pussy… you can tell I’m really loving this…
you want to get hands on… but you know you cant touch or you’ll get buzzed
again… so you sit back and make that baby penetrate me more… I reach over
and grab another vibrator out of the box and clip it into place behind
the other vibrator…this one being a more flexible than the other….i raise
and position it at my ass… then slowly lower you another control box…and
then as you look up… its already in my ass…and I’m moaning louder than
before. Knowing you have complete control of me… you turn everything up
to MAXIMUM and sit eagle eyed as I start screaming in pleasure… pumping
in me…harder and harder in my pussy and ass…the butterfly working the hardest
it ever has ….i’m getting wetter and wetter above you as my juices start
to drip down over your face…then in one almighty scream you are soaked
in my juices as I cum the hardest I ever have… my whole body goes limp
and I sit there panting above you…..not thinking of where you are…you want
more so you reach up and start playing with my pussy again…but your hand
just brushes against the bar as you get another jolt….a long buzz running
thru you when you realise its not stopping… you look up and see in my hand
a small control box of my own… its then that you realise I’m controlling
the volts going through you… I climb off the box and look at you with such
anger… “No one said you can touch…and for this….you must be punished”…
as a frightened look comes over your face I up the charge up the volts
on the electrode…making them higher and higher….you don’t know whether
your in pain or enjoying it… but I can see now as juices are starting to
come out of your now very hard and rigid cock… you’re loving it… going
crazy in there…I turn the volts up to maximum as you grab for anything….
Your face going blood red and you let out a painful scream and cum so hard…
shooting out of the cage and on the floor around the cage… I turn everything
off… leaving you to rest for a bit before I need you again…….
