---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Tomb
authors:
- Joserbond
tags:
- Other-f
- mum
- bandages
- nc
- X
date: 2007-02-28 00:00:00
---

July 2000, Brandi and her team of archeologists finished packing the
artifacts that were found in a tomb located in Egypt. Brandi took one last
look at a peculiar key that she had found on there first day exploring.
The key was very strong and clean but also very old. The head of the key
was rounded and had an inscription on it that looked like a table. Brandi
placed the in the final crate to be shipped back to the university in the
states. Brandi sealed the crate and loaded it on the plane. Brandi and
her team returned to camp as the plane was taking off to the USA. Brandi
and her team returned to camp and ate dinner and went to bed.

The next day the team awoke and ate breakfast and proceeded to break
camp. Once all the gear was packed in the trucks the team started on the
five-hour drive to the civilian airport. Brandi having her own truck informed
the team that she will make one final run through the tomb and catch up
with them later. After an hour of more packing, Brandi proceeded to the
tomb. Brandi entered the tomb and looked around one last time. She walked
around the tomb running her fingers across the stone table in the center.

Brandi stopped at the end of the table and looked around and at that
exact moment two metal arms came out of the ceiling and clamped tight on
her wrists while at the same time two more arms came out of the floor and
clamped tight on her ankles. The steel arms stretched her poor body so
tight that she thought her limbs would pull out of their sockets putting
her in a standing spread eagle. Two additional arms came out of the walls
and started to wrap bandages her legs and arms.

Once her limbs were wrapped. The arms that held her legs let go and
wrapping arms then started to wrap her legs together the wrapping was so
tight that Brandi could barely stand it. The wrapping was now at her hips
wrapping her as tight as it could.

The wrapping now pinned Brandi's arms to her chest. Brandi tried to
test her bonds but they were so tight that she could barely wiggle her
fingers. A seventh arm came out of the table with a syringe type device
the then inserted the tip of the syringe into brandies mouth and began
injecting a liquid filling her mouth to the bulging point. But it didn't
stay liquid for long, in time the liquid began to harden effectively gagging
Brandi.

The wrapping arms continued wrapping and wrapped her from her ankle
to the top of her head. One final arm came out of the table and clamped
around her waist. All the other arms retreated and the one arm raised Brandi
and placed her on the table. On either sides of Brandi's body were slots
out of these slots came steel straps but these straps could not be cut
but they were very flexible like nylon straps. The straps locked into place
in the slots in the other side of her body.

Brandi struggled as hard as she could but couldn't break free. The more
she tried to struggle, the more the straps tightened. Now the straps were
digging into her ankles, shins, above and below her knees, thighs, hips,
waist, above and below her breasts, shoulders, mouth and eyes, effectively
locking her to the table.

Brandi is now permanently locked to the table. On the head of the table
is an inscription with a keyhole the drawing is of a key with a rounded
head and a drawing of a table on the head. Little does Brandi know that
her only means of escape is now 6000 miles away

                     
the end
