---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/the_happiness_of_ella_bloom.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Happiness of Ella Bloom
authors:
- Adegans
tags:
- MF
- sex
- oral
- rom
- cons
- X
date: 2025-07-21 00:00:00
---

#### **Intro**

Ella is a 27 years old woman. She lives with her parents in Bristol, which is a city in the United Kingdom.

She has a petite body, standing about 145cm tall. A firm C-cup sits on her chest and she has a neat waistline and cute round butt. Her face is rather plain. But she has a natural and naive look that some men find very attractive. She'll never be a model though. Her face is framed with short brown hair which barely touches her shoulders. Her weight generally hovers around 50 kilograms.

Following an unfortunate string of events she was kidnapped at age 21 and kept as a servant girlfriend for the following 5 years. She was rescued by the police some 8 months ago. It's the main reason she lives with her parents today.

Ella has bounced back alright and picked up her simple routine. For the most part she has been living day by day, trying to get used to the complexities of life. Ever since her release she doesn't really know what to do with herself. Ella doesn’t even want to think about getting a job jet, she’s not at all ready for that.

She was never very assertive or driven and as such always had trouble finding her way in life. Even more so after being in captivity, people tend to easily walk over her.

Following a TV interview where she talked about her years in captivity and what she's up to now, Ella had received hundreds of letters and emails from viewers through the TV studio. That’s how she found out about a man named Colin Spencer.

Feeling lonely and misunderstood, Ella had interpreted the letter as her soulmate arriving. Finally a real friend, someone who truly cared other than her parents.

After writing back to him she got obsessed with the man.

Ella and Colin have been chatting for just over 2 months through Telegram. She naively shares every thought and experience as best as chat allows. He's a bit less talkative, but he feels that they have a strong bond and develops a mega crush on her.

They spoke on the phone a few times too. But them both being introverted, chatting through text goes much easier.

It's been 8 months since her rescue and Ella and Colin are about to take the next step.

#### **Recap - The Happiness of Ella Bloom**

*For context, but optional. For the full story read* [*The Disappearance of Ella Bloom*](../storiesad/the_disappearance_of_ella_bloom.html)*.*

Ella was once again without a job and desperately looking to earn money. She even tried to get famous with TikTok videos. This had led to a recruiter named Joe to contact her, and after a little chat he offered her a job at his workplace. She'd be working in a call center doing tech support. Jumping at the opportunity, a series of miscommunications and poor decision making had led to her accidentally getting caught up in a kinky brothel that rented out pet girls.

Ella was turned into a cat girl. Unable to speak and resist, she had been sexually abused and mistreated by several people frequenting the brothel.

When she could finally make it known that there had been a huge mistake, the owner of the business, a man named Mike, had her kidnapped and brought to him by one of his employees. He kept poor Ella as his servant girlfriend in his remote home in southern England for the next 5 years.

His idea of the perfect woman was an obedient cutie who just followed his lead and did as he told her. He had denied Ella an identity other than ‘Girl’, she was to call him 'Sir'. Her role in Mike's life was to be his lover, cook, cleaner and caretaker.

He imposed some simple rules for what she could and couldn't do. If she screwed up or didn't do what he wanted he'd punish her. Usually he'd restrain her in his basement for a few hours or a day or so.

Mike had screwed with her head so much that Ella to this day still isn’t sure if she liked or hated the man. Though she often thought of him as insecure or a loser. She is quite sure that she was very unhappy, too. And to confuse things further, she did kind of like the simple life he gave her.

Overall he wasn't a mean man, but rather an awkward moron who thought it right to kidnap a woman and make her his own, mostly because he was convinced that meeting a woman the normal way was never going to work.

Lucky for her, after almost 5 years, Mike had believed he had finally turned her into a willing partner and had taken her to town as a first outing. To see how things would go. Them showing up in town had raised suspicion from several people she interacted with. When someone reported them to the police they had chased clues all afternoon.

Ella was finally rescued the next morning.

After her rescue she moved back in with her parents. They have been keeping a keen eye on their silly daughter ever since. Especially her father, Frank, is very cautious about what she does and who she meets. Obviously because he doesn’t want her to do something stupid again and end up with the wrong people. But also because her programming is still apparent in almost everything she does.

Mike had drilled a routine into her. Mostly simple stuff, like getting up early and preparing breakfast for her 'sir'. Putting out his clothes for the day. Or cleaning the house. She is learning to let go of that routine, but Ella still has a warped sense of duty and care towards who she considers her leader figure.

#### **1 - Meeting her man**

Ella is sitting in the back of the McDonalds with some chicken nuggets. She hasn’t touched her food as she’s glued to the window inspecting every car that arrives. She doesn't really know what a Land Rover Defender looks like, but her father had said it's a big chunky jeep.

So she’s looking for a dark blue jeep.

Her father Frank insisted on coming along and being her protector. He is waiting in line to get a sundae ice-cream. The entrance is shoved open and a handsome looking man steps through. Frank immediately recognizes Colin and waves at him.

Ella is so focused on the car park that she didn’t see him enter.

“Colin Spencer?” Frank asks as they approach each other.

“Maybe? Who are you?” Colin cautiously says as he looks Frank up and down.

Colin is well dressed and decidedly looks out of place in the McDonalds. He’s 1 year older compared to Ella, so 28 years old. His short brown hair matches Ella’s color. He has a kind open face, the kind that always seems to smile on the inside. He wears a casual light blue button shirt with the top button undone. A brown pair of cargo pants and expensive looking sneakers.

“I’m Frank, Ella’s father.”

“Oh right! Nice to meet you. Colin Spencer.” He lightens up, but is clearly nervous.

They shake hands and Frank is surprised by his firm grip.

“So ehh, where is she?” Colin asks after a few seconds while looking around.

“Not so fast, you’re meeting with me first.” Frank holds on to Colin's hand.

“Yeah ok. I get that…” Colin starts, “But I’m not here to be questioned by your paranoia. Is Ella here as well? Or is it just going to be you?”

‘Straight to it then…’ Frank thinks. Looking him up and down once more but not seeing anything to dislike, he sort of approves. “Yeah ok, let’s go meet her. She’s in the back there.” Frank jerks his head to the right.

Colin immediately turns his back to Frank and strides into the restaurant looking for his crush. He spots her in the back.

“CMOWLING!” Ella calls out with her mouth full of chicken nugget. She jumps up and swallows the half chewed nugget down without thinking and pulls a face when it hurts in her throat.

He sticks out his hand to shake hers but she goes straight for a hug, nestling her head against his chest.

“Hey Ella. How are you? Finally together.” He replies in a casual manner. And wraps his arm around her shoulders. Internally his heart is racing.

“I’m all fine now… I was so nervous if you would come.” She’s immediately comfortable with Colin and leans heavily into him, enjoying his smell and strong embrace.

Frank catches up and sees his daughter lean into Colin, thinking it’s going off the rails already. Way too close.

“So, ehh. Want something to drink?” He offers while trying to sound casual.

“Oh sure, Coke please. Thanks.” Colin places his order.

“Alright, be right back.” And Frank saunters back to the line, giving them some space.

Ella looks up at Colin, he’s very tall next to her. The top of her head is just above his elbow.

“You’re so tall…” She says in awe. “I like your clothes.” She adds with a whisper.

He looks at her cheap outfit, clearly from stores he never goes to. She's wearing a simple striped black and purple blouse and skinny jeans with old worn, fake converse shoes. “You look nice too." He compliments her, "Shall we sit down?”

He has trouble hiding his nervous excitement. He thinks Ella is much more attractive in real life compared to TV. Everything about her is real. No make-up, no heels, no plastic nails…

Seeing her elated eyes and approval of him, Colin then and there decides that he’s going to marry this woman someday.

She’s amazing.

Ella lets go of him and they sit side-by-side. They’re quiet for a moment. Then they both start to speak at the same time, Ella quickly apologizes.

“No no, you go first.” Colin insists.

She giggles, and confesses she doesn’t know what to say now.

Colin smiles at her, “That’s fine. Remember what we talked about? To be able to just sit and enjoy each other? Or to enjoy a view together in silence?”

“Yes. But the view here sucks.” Ella hushes.

“Heh, true. Bad example. But you know what I mean. Introverts, right?” He looks down on her as she plays with a chicken nugget.

“I’m not scared at all…” Ella tells him after a few moments. “I thought it’d be scary.”

“Hah, luckily I’m a friendly guy…”

“Do you think I’m a friendly woman too?” She looks up at him with unsure eyes.

“I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t convinced of that…” He assures her, and places a casual kiss on her scalp.

Ella bites her lip and giggles again. They sit for a moment and Ella struggles with her feelings and thoughts. She then makes up her mind, deciding he’s perfect.

“Colin?”

“Yes Ella.”

“Take me home, yea? Today…”

“Just like that? You don’t think that’s too soon?” He inquires with a laugh.

“Maybe, but it feels right… I want to be with you.”

“We can be friends and date for a while, take it slow?” Colin's heart thumbs in his chest. It feels right to him too, but logic and reason demands he offers a more sensible approach.

“But you’re leaving soon right? For Mexico.”

“Yes, tomorrow. Just for a few days.”

Ella hmms. “Why the rush? You’re not happy at home?”

“It’s nothing. Well, actually… I mean, my parents are cool and all. But I need a friend. A real one. Someone I can touch and lean into in the evenings. Someone I can belong to and have, eh, sex with.” Ella pauses and Colin smiles awkwardly.

“I’m so lonely and bored.” Ella sighs.

“Ella…” Colin starts, but she continues her ramble.

“I need someone like you to cry with and hug. Something to do in my life, I want to take care of you! You know? I want it to be you! So please please take me home…” Ella blurts out her desires. She squeezes her hands while trying to articulate her feelings for Colin without sounding super needy, but she fails miserably.

Frank finally got his sundae and a small coke for Colin, and joins them. “You’re ok Ella?” He looks worried at her contorted face. It’s like she has a huge internal conflict.

“Dad, I want to go with Colin. Today.”

“Sweetie, you just met…” He starts, looking between the two.

Colin looks amused and sips his drink.

“Yea but… We’ve been talking for a long time.”

“9 weeks and 4 days,” Colin interjects. He has been counting.

“And I really really like him, but he says to take it slow.” Ella sounds frustrated.

Frank nods approvingly at Colin who winks back. “Ok, but think about it. How do dates and new friendships usually go?”

Ella doesn’t answer and stares at her hands. For the first time in months she knows what she wants.

Colin offers, “Look, I’m not going to lie. I really want Ella, you, in my life. OK?”

He looks between Frank and Ella with a serious face.

“I have a good feeling about her.” He says to Frank. “I really do. I don’t know how to describe it, but to use the cliche, I’m not whole without her… I know that much. I never enjoyed talking to your daughter as much as anything else over the past weeks.”

Frank thinks he knows what he means and nods slowly. Trying to wrap his head around things.

“But I think it’s reckless of both of us to just dive head first into a relationship within the first hour. Know what I mean?”

Frank nods again. On second thought he kinda likes Colin. He's calculated and thoughtful, unlike his daughter.

“But… I also want to respect her needs and wishes. So here’s the middle ground.” He pauses for dramatic effect.

Ella cranes her head to look at him with hopeful eyes.

“How about we go to Mexico together. It’s a short trip of a few days. We’ll go to the beach, maybe a nightclub. We'll have dinner, do some shopping or whatever. Everything we're going to do anyway. And get to know each other. It’ll be like a 4 day date. We’ll see what happens afterwards.”

He looks around the table, but when nobody says anything he adds, “And if it helps for you guys,” He looks at Frank, “We’ll be in a 2 bedroom condominium. But, you know… We’re also adults.”

He looks down at Ella, “What do you think, Ella?”

Ella leans into Colin so hard, he has to push back to stay upright. She nods vigorously. She’s getting so excited at the idea that her nipples visibly poke through her top.

“What’s in Mexico?” Frank asks suspiciously.

“Apartments. Money.” Colin states. “I’m going there for work. But why not make it a fun trip as well. We’ll be in Cancun. Have you heard of it? It's a city with white beaches and overpriced real estate. I’m investing in apartments there.”

Frank has heard of the vacation paradise and nods thoughtfully.

“Can I go dad, please?” Ella pleads.

Ella has been obsessing over Colin for weeks. And now that he’s real she doesn't want to let go of him. Much like Colin, she can’t really explain her attraction to him but she feels they belong together. Sure his smile is nice, and his casual clothes are cool. But more importantly, every time they chat it is as if they’ve known each other their entire life already.

She can’t stop thinking about him.

Frank sighs, “Alright then. But be smart, OK? Ella? Think before you do anything that you can't undo.”

When Ella’s face lights up and nods, Frank turns to Colin. “And you! Remember who she is and what she’s been through. If you break her heart, I’ll ruin you!”

“Dad, please… This isn’t a movie.” Ella sniggers.

“Indeed it isn’t.” Frank is dead serious.

“I’ll email you all the details of the trip and Ella will call you guys while we're there. Agreed?”

“Mm-hmm!” Ella agrees.

This satisfies Frank somewhat, and he hopes Ella is doing the right thing.

#### **2 - A proposal too soon**

“Fucking hell what is going on now.” Frank complains to his wife, Elise, when he gets home. “One moment she’s our little girl again, and now she’s ready to marry the guy.”

Frank had left for home feeling like a 5th wheel. And the more he thinks about Colin's wild plan, the more he convinces himself that they're going too fast.

Colin and Ella went for a walk through town. He has never been to Bristol and Ella is going to show him around. He had promised to bring her home before dinner.

“But you like him right?” His wife, Elise, wants to know.

“Well, I do not, not like him, I dunno. He seems alright.”

“See? You’re way too protective. Let her make her own decisions.”

“Oh yeah, because we all know how well that goes…” Frank worries for his precious daughter.

“Frank! She’s 27 and in love. Let her enjoy herself. Hasn’t she earned a man like Colin? I think he’s sweet for her.”

Elise quite likes Colin. She thinks he’s a romantic, the way he took his chance with his letter. And he’s handsome, kind and smart. Just like her Frank. Exactly what Ella needs to stay out of trouble. Plus from what she’s seen he’s rich, so he can provide for her daughter.

From what Ella told her, she thinks they're a good match.

Right before it's time for dinner Ella had come home with a dreamy look in her eyes. She'd eaten her food without saying much and quickly went upstairs afterwards. Frank and Elise haven’t seen her like this since she had her first crush in secondary school.

That evening Elise helps Ella pack her bag for the trip.

“Do you really like him?” Her mother asks.

“I do mom. He’s so nice and smart! He knows what to do all the time. I like his clothes and he's cute, right? And he knows when we can be quiet and when to talk, and it’s so fun even when we don't talk because we have this connection. We just look and know what we mean.” Ella rambles a bit.

“Don’t forget that he's rich, hm?” Her mother laughs.

“What? Yeah, I guess…” Ella didn’t really pay attention to that. The importance of money means little to Ella, even now after being home for 8 months. She’s much more focused on him being her friend and soulmate.

“That’s great sweetie. Try to have fun and not lose yourself to him ok?”

“Uh-huh. You think I’m crazy don’t you? Dad does.” Ella wonders.

“Your father is just worried about you. Given your past decision making.” Elise tells her, insinuating she’s not been very smart. “And you, you’re in love. I can spot it from a mile away. There is nothing wrong with that."

Ella nods. "Maybe we are crazy… But I don't care, I've never been more sure of anything."

"Well that's a good sign." Her mother smiles encouragingly at her.

"Mmhm!" Ella agrees.

"Will you be careful? You're still taking the pill?”

"Of-course!"

That evening Ella is ready to go, she and her mother have finished packing her bag, an old hiker’s backpack from Frank's younger years. Now the tedious wait starts for when Colin comes to pick her up, which should be around 11AM.

Unable to sleep that night Ella sits in bed reading a book and looking out the window. She reads all night and when the sun starts to come up at 5AM, her tired eyes stare at the fading stars. She blinks for a second and wakes up with a shock when her dad knocks on the door.

“Ella? Are you awake? Colin is here…” He announces through the door.

“Urgh! What?” Ella groans and blinks into the bright sunlight.

“It’s past 11…”

“Oh, crap… I’ll be right out!” Ella shouts.

Ella springs into action and rubs her neck. She slept sitting, leaning against the window frame. Outside is Colin, sitting in the garden with her mother. They're having a coffee.

“Colin! Helloo!” She yells at them forgetting she’s naked.

Colin looks up and laughs when he spots her, waving back. His eyes go big when he sees her bare chest.

Her mother frowns and makes a gesture for her to cover up.

“She’s such a silly goose for you…” Her mom apologizes to Colin.

“That’s quite alright Mrs. Bloom. I’m sure she takes after her mother.” He grins.

Elise shyly looks away and quickly re-asserts herself.

“You ought to take good care of her. Lest she trips over herself and ends up hurting you both.”

“Yes, I have noticed that she doesn’t think things through very well. But that’s also what makes her so fun.” Colin laughs.

Elise worries, “Yeah well…”

“Don’t worry Mrs. Bloom, I’ll be smart for the both of us.” Colin tries to jokingly assure her. He taps on the side of his head with a finger.

“Please take care of her will you? Do you want more coffee?”

“Oh no, thanks. I’m not really a coffee drinker.” Colin refuses a refill.

Frank had disappeared into the shed, Elisa had told him to not be pushy and let the lovers figure things out on their own. He’s pretending to fix the lawnmower while staying near to the conversation.

Ella is so excited, she doesn’t realize that she just exposed herself and blows a kiss to Colin but he’s already talking to her mother again. She leans on the windowsill for a moment and watches him with a smile.

Her Mr. Super Colin.

When she has seen enough she goes to fix her peaky hair and gets dressed. She stumbles down the stairs and into Colin's arms. He gives her a polite kiss on her cheek. “Hey there. Calm down, you’ll hurt yourself.” He laughs at her enthusiastic welcome. “Are you ready?”

“YES! I was ready last night!”

“Good, get your things and we’ll be off.”

“It’s all here.” Ella holds up her backpack.

“Oh that’s it? You know we’re not flying economy, right? You can bring a suitcase.”

Ella has no suitcase and she has never flown before so she doesn’t really know what he means.

The Bloom family never even left the country for vacation other than a little trip to Scotland once. They’re not at all rich. Their vacations usually are to neighboring cities or coastal towns and attraction parks.

“Nevermind,” he ruffles her hair. “As long as you have a swimsuit we’ll figure it out.”

He makes a slight bow to Elise and they say goodbye to Frank, who’s busy in the shed greasing the lawnmower. And off they go.

On the way to the airport Ella asks what he meant with not flying economy. Telling him she never flew before.

He laughs and explains that the more expensive tickets just have better allowance for the luggage that people can bring. Flying economy usually only allows a small bag, if any bag at all.

Ella thinks that that is unfair for regular travellers and wonders what class they have.

“We’re flying business class. It’s really nice.” He announces. “You’ll see.”

They drive straight to Heathrow Airport, an almost 2 hour drive from Bristol.

At the airport they spend some time looking at shops and waiting airplanes. And when Ella feels dizzy from all the noise and movement around her they head to the vip lounge for their complimentary drinks.

Around 3PM they can finally board their plane and they depart on their 10 hour flight to Cancun in Mexico.

The constant hum of the airplane makes her sleepy and she falls asleep shortly after dinner. Colin watches over her, holding her hand while watching movies and fantasizing about their future.

When they land at Cancun International Airport just before 1AM, Ella immediately thinks the sweltering heat of Mexico is oppressive. They both wait in line trying to wake up. Suddenly Colin pulls her along and goes against the line. Ella steps on people's toes as he tugs her along.

Back at the start of the queue he whispers to her, "We're business class, we don't have to wait…"

He escorts her to the priority lane, and they skip the line of several hundred people. Within 5 minutes they’re in the arrivals terminal.

“See, another perk of flying business class.” He grins, when they’re looking for their luggage.

“You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?” Ella wants to know.

“Like I told you. Life outside the norm is great. Stick with me and you’ll have it too.” He promises.

“Yes Sir!” Ella likes the sound of that.

Colin has another surprise up his sleeve and instructs her to find a man with a sign with his name on it. He is struggling with her uncomfortable backpack. It hangs from his right shoulder while he wheels his neat suitcase after him.

A few minutes of searching later and they’re in a luxurious Cadillac SUV. Zooming to the famous Cancun Hotel Zone.

Ella and her dad had assumed that Colin had rented one of the suites in the condominium tower. He had included 2 photos of it in his email the day before. Turns out he owns the balcony apartment located in the upper half of the building.

“Coliiiiin! You lied to us!” Ella exclaims.

“Why?” He wonders.

“You said it’s a combominimum. But you own this? Whoa!”

“Well for now. And it is a condominium, yes.” Colin corrects her.

“It looks like an apartment to me…” Ella thinks a condominium is a hotel suite and doesn’t realize she’s just mixing up words that basically mean ‘apartment’,

“What? You don’t like it?”

“I do, but you don’t have to show off like this.” Ella accuses him, and wanders further into the apartment. Letting herself fall flat on the soft couch.

Colin frowns at that. He’s not showing off, but showing her around.

It’s a 2 bedroom kind of deal, with a large open living room and the master bedroom next to it. Both exit onto a spacious balcony that overlooks the Atlantic ocean. Behind the bedroom is the bathroom. This looks a bit dated, but it's big and has a bathtub and a simple shower and a double sink. And next to that is the 2nd bedroom, adjacent to the kitchen. Both the kitchen and 2nd bedroom overlook the lagoon and Cancun behind it. Out the door is the elevator of-course and then another apartment, mirrored, on the other half of the floor.

Unknown to Ella most apartments in the building are empty, or soon will be.

“See? It’s not that fancy.” He jokes, gesturing at the bathroom. “Just an old place that looks nice.”

“I’m sure it was very expensive.” Ella suspects. But she really appreciates the luxurious feel the place has.

“It was, but don’t worry about that.” He says as they finish the tour on the balcony.

“Look down there. Isn’t that nice?” He points at the beach.

They can’t really see it in the dark of the night. But the hint of a white beach looks excellent to her.

"And there? See the little path?" That's the beach access from the building. Looking closer to the building there is a small pool and some bushes and palm trees, a dimly lit path leads towards the beach.

“Oh Colin… It’s perfect, you’re perfect. Thank you so much for, for, for having me.”

She lifts to the very tip of her toes and tries to kiss him. She's too short to reach his lips. He looks down on her with a grin and pulls her up with his arm around her lower back. Ella jumps up and wraps her legs around his waist. He catches her butt and adjusts his other arm to be around her back.

“My pleasure.” He smiles at her.

#### **3 - First night together**

“Let’s have sex! Now!” She gasps in his ear. “Please please! I’ve wanted it for weeks!”

He doesn’t need to be told twice. He had fantasized about making sweet love to her ever since he saw her on TV, over 4 months ago. Colin carries her to the master bedroom and gently lies her down on the amazingly soft bed. Ella hurriedly undoes her jeans and shimmies them down. Exposing her black underwear.

He pulls off her socks and pants and throws the items aside.

Next he pulls his shirt over his head and kicks off his shoes and jeans. Wearing just his boxers he plunges onto bed next to Ella.

“Are you sure Ella?”

“Call me Girl…Sir.” Ella gasps. Subconsciously slipping into her old role from when she was kidnapped.

“Ok Girl, are you sure?” He asks again, with a smirk.

“Take me Sir. Own me, do what you want.” Ella demands.

Colin frowns for a moment, but plays along and tickles her stomach. They kiss and he slides his hand down into her panties, finding a very wet vagina.

Ella whimpers at his touch as he strokes her wet lips. A shudder comes over Ella and she orgasms with a loud gasp and a sigh a moment later. Kicking her legs, straining her body for a moment.

Taken aback he stops and studies her face. Ella has her eyes closed and bites her lip, quietly moaning into herself.

“Ella?”

“Ella?!” He asks again.

“My name is Girl, Sir. Call me Girl.” Ella idly whispers.

“What are you doing Ella? Are you ok?” Colin worries.

Weirdest 'sex' ever…

He strokes her cheek and Ella whimpers again at his touch. But is otherwise in her own little world. With a sigh Colin rolls on his back and stares at the ceiling. ‘What the fuck?’

Colin grasps his own face covering his eyes and cheeks with both hands. He wonders what’s going on with his lady friend. Did he make a terrible mistake and bagged a freak weirdo? She moves and climbs off the bed. Without looking up he calls for her, “Are you ok?”

“I’m fine.” Comes the simple response.

A moment later he feels another movement when Ella, now fully naked, straddles him. She sits on his upper legs and massages his penis through his boxer shorts. Seconds later he gets hard again and with a final squeeze she stops and pulls the boxers down. He then feels her wetness touch the tip.

Ella scoots forward and lowers herself onto his penis and starts riding him.

He peeks from under his hand at what she’s doing and is stunned by the beauty towering over him. Ella's firm breasts are bouncing up and down, her face is filled with self-absorbed lust.

“Whoa…” He gasps with his mouth agape and lets his arms drop to the side.

She leans her arms on his chest as she humps his dick quicker and quicker. Her breathing becomes more ragged with every second. It then turns into moaning, interrupted by the occasional gasp or sharp breath intake.

Colin watches with fascination how the girl of his dreams rides his crotch like a machine. He doesn't have to do anything. Her eyes blankly stare over his head. Completely ignorant of her surroundings as if he isn't even there.

While he enjoys the sensation, his mind tells him something is completely wrong with what's happening. But he can’t stop his own growing arousal and can’t help enjoying what’s happening to him, uttering short moans every time she comes down.

This goes on for a while until she grinds her crotch in his, making small circles while pinned on his penis. He can’t contain himself and with an elated moan he shoots his load into her.

Seconds after, Ella has her 2nd orgasm and with a deep strained sigh drops forward on his chest. She's breathing heavily and covered in sweat from having exerted herself so hard.

“Ohno…” Ella whispers moments later, as if she had an important realization.

Her head is sideways on his chest and a few tears run down her cheek, mixing with his sweat.

“Ella? Hey, are you ok?” He strokes her hair.

“No, sorry! I’m sorry!” Ella scrambles from the bed and flees into the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind her and sits leaning against it.

“What the hell? Ella!” Colin calls after her.

Ella pulls her knees up to her chin. She vacantly stares ahead.

“What did I just do? What did I do!? Your name is Ella, not Girl. He is not Mike! Get a grip you stupid fuckhead!”

She screams her lungs out into her knees a few times and weeps in anguish, tears streaking her cheeks.

Colin is sitting up on the edge of the bed when he hears her muffled screams followed by her crying and hurries to her aid. The door is blocked, but that doesn't stop him and he walks around and enters through the living room door. He bursts into the bathroom and sees Ella on the floor leaning against the en-suite door. She's softly crying to herself. He sits dumbly next to her and puts his arm around her shoulder.

“Hey, what just happened?” He softly asks. “Where did the happy funny girl go?”

Ella doesn’t respond at first and just quietly weeps into her knees.

“Oh Colin. I’m so stupid… I completely got confused.”

“Not at all!” Colin disagrees, “Come, Let’s go back to bed. Talk to me if you want.”

“I’m sorry. I can’t do this. I can’t.” Ella whines. “I’ll go home in the morning. Sorry to waste your time like this.”

Colin frowns and struggles to stand while lifting her up.

“Don’t be silly… Talk to me. Is it something I did? Too soon? Or what?” He asks her while he carries her to bed.

“Noooooo. You’re too nice. Too perfect. It’s all my fault.” Ella sobs in his shoulder.

Colin puts her in bed and gets them a drink. He knows Ella doesn’t drink alcohol so coca cola it is. But really, he could use a double vodka.

When he comes back, Ella has calmed herself and looks at him. He puts the drinks on the nightstand.

“You hate me for sure?” She calls him out.

“No Ella, but I’m very confused. I thought you wanted to make love. But then you turn into some kind of sex machine and run away.”

“I dooo,” Ella sobs, “I just got confused and thought you’re Mike just now and it’s all screwed up. I’m sorry.”

“Mike? The asshole who kidnapped you?”

Ella nods. “Don’t leave me Colin, please. I’ll be better.”

Her mind is all over the place.

“Ella, hey, listen.” He grabs her chin and makes her look at him. “Look at me… I love you. We’ll figure it out, OK?”

'What a terrible time to confess one's love to another,' he thinks.

Ella looks at him through her tears feeling immensely stupid and asks. "You really mean it?"

Colin pushes her flat on the bed and lies down next to her. “Let’s just calm down for now. We'll figure it all out. OK?” He whispers into her ear.

Ella nods and feels secure in his embrace. “I'm sorry Colin, I love you too. I really do. Don’t hate me.”

It’s just past 4AM when she falls into a fitful sleep. Colin’s head is full of worries but he refuses to give up on her.

If anything he wants to take care of her even more now.

A few hours later Ella wakes up at her usual 6AM, another left-over from her time in captivity, and sits up in bed looking at Colin. Her lovely Colin.

He doesn’t look very happy.

Colin had fallen asleep only an hour ago. He felt sad for Ella, clearly still having trouble with her past.

She pinches his nose and he snorts in his sleep. Ella drinks both glasses of the now flat and lukewarm Cola and twists and turns in bed for an hour. She snoozes away for a while but really can't sleep and plucks on his arm for a bit.

Finally Ella wanders naked to the living room. She considers that she should make breakfast for Colin. Or prepare his outfit. Would he like that? She’s not his servant though. So maybe not?

Instead she sits yawning on the balcony floor and leans her forehead against the glass railing. The sun is about a hand width above the ocean, the beach below her is very pretty. A few people scurry around like ants, a few dogs run around. Her phone beeps and there is a message from her parents asking how she’s doing.

Without thinking she taps on ‘Call’ and pours her heart out to her mother over last night's mishap until her phone runs out of minutes.

Feeling a lot better she looks down at the sea again, but with a smile this time. She decides to show Colin that she’s not crazy.

“People can see you, you know?” Colin says from behind her. He’s leaning against the sliding door frame with an amused smile on his face.

Ella flinches and looks over her shoulder.

“How long have you been there?”

“Just now, how are you feeling? Did you have a good talk?”

“It’s OK…” Ella smiles and reaches for him.

He sits next to her and Ella leans over and kisses him. “I’m sorry for last night. I am fucking retarded stupid.” She whispers.

He looks at her, “You should really stop putting yourself down. Can you try? You’re not a retard, or stupid.”

“Thanks…” She softly says. “Hey, should I make breakfast for you? I always did that for…” She interrupts herself. “Never mind.” She mumbles.

“I would love some breakfast, let’s go see what’s available.” Colin accepts her offer unfazed.

“Come…” He pulls her to her feet.

They make breakfast together. She makes toast with jam and he bakes bacon and a few eggs and when their food is about ready Ella puts on a shirt and they have their first breakfast together on the balcony. They didn’t really talk. Somehow they know exactly what the other is doing or wants.

It's nice and Ella becomes more lively again as Colin tells her about the coming day. His schedule, and what she can do in the meantime.

Colin doesn’t want to leave her alone and really regrets having to go to his meetings. But there is no escaping his work if his deal is to happen.

Down in the lobby he shows her the exit towards the beach. And if she uses the exit on the other side of the lobby she can explore the shopping area that's across the street. In broken Spanish he asks the security guard at the door to extend her every courtesy.

Ella and the guard smile at each other, but she doesn't speak any Spanish.

With a final kiss he gives her a debit card to use and leaves her to it.

#### **4 - Alone in Cancun**

'Just 2 4 6 1 and have fun…' He had said.

Ella still thinks he's showing off but at the same time she likes his careless casual attitude. Exactly what she needs from life. No stress or worries. While he goes to his first meeting, Ella wanders around in the La Isla Shopping area and spends a few hours in the dolphin zoo next to it.

She didn’t pay attention to which building they came out of that morning. Not knowing where the apartment is she just aimlessly wanders around. When she finds a beach entrance Ella heads north along the waterline. Ending up quite a distance away from where she started. The beach seems endlessly long.

When it's nearing dinner time, Colin finally messages her asking where she is. She doesn't know, but when she sends a photo of the hotel nearest to her he quickly finds her with a taxi. They spent some quality time walking along the waterline back to their apartment.

"So? How was your day?" He asks.

"Good, I saw dolphins!"

"What? In there?" He points at the ocean.

"No in the shopping place. They have them in an aquarium."

"Oh right." Colin laughs. He remembers now.

"Did you do some shopping? Bought anything nice?" He wants to know next.

"No. Nothing. Just the aquarium ticket, and I bought something to drink."

Colin hmms. Secretly he had hoped she would buy some fashionable clothes. Not considering that Ella might feel awkward using his bankcard or that she might not care for such things after being in captivity for 5 years.

"I like it here…" Ella declares. Aside from a few vendors nobody had talked to her all day.

"It's a nice beach, right?"

Ella nods. "How did your meeting go?"

"Not sure. Well, it went fine really. But we'll know for sure the day after tomorrow when we go sign the contracts." He grins at her.

"Oh ok. That's good? We?"

"Yep, we. You and me…" He winks at her.

"Oh…" Ella smiles inwardly and is flattered that he includes her in his process.

After dinner Colin runs into an associate of his and they're invited to a bar for a few drinks. Ella gets her first real glimpse into his world. She’s introduced to all kinds of businessmen and their partners and they have a fun time.

She tries a colorful cocktail with a piece of pineapple sticking out of the glass and sits chatting with a few of the wifes. Colin has his Vodka and seems to really enjoy himself. Smiling at her every chance he gets.

“So what did you do just now? They’re your friends?” Ella wants to know when they’re in a taxi going back to the apartment.

“In the bar? Basically just meeting people. Making contacts. I know the first guy we met. But the rest are new to me.” He explains.

“It’s probably for nothing, but you never know. And free drinks are fun too. Having you there sure made an impression.” He laughs.

Ella quietly smiles but prefers not to be paraded around.

“That’s not why you brought me, right?”

“No no no, I brought you because I want to include you into my life. I’m not going to hide you in my home. We do things together. Right?”

“Right…” Ella confirms.

That night when they’re about ready for bed Ella disappears under the bedsheets and gives Colin a blowjob he’ll never forget.

“Fuuucking hell, yes!” He moans with his hand loosely on her head as it bops up and down with long strokes.

Not sure if it’s OK to ejaculate in her mouth or on her face or whatever he clumsily cums on his hand and spills it on the floor. Ella laughs at his silly effort and spends the next few minutes cleaning up the mess.

After that they have sex. They make real love this time. Colin had asked her to follow his lead and to just let everything happen and enjoy herself.

She’s on her back looking nervously up at him as he lowers himself onto her. His penis slips into her wanting vagina and he gently loves her for the next hour.

She shudders and squirms at his touch and finds his affection very pleasing.

'Much more so than Mike…' Ella squeezes her eyes shut and forces herself to not make comparisons. Fuck the past!

When he pinches her nipple and sucks on it just as he thrusts into her, her eyes fly open again and she lets out a moan and gasps loudly and her orgasm rolls over her like a freight train.

“Oh my god! Oh god, Coliiiiiiiin!” She calls out as her back arches and her toes curl up painfully from the intense feelings.

She never felt anything like it before.

Colin teases her for a few more minutes but his energy is drained and his tongue sore from his efforts. They lie next to each other catching their breath for a while when Ella drapes herself over his torso and whispers into his ear that she never wants to leave his side again.

“Best sex ever!” She declares with a sigh.

“Damn straight!” He sincerely agrees. He again decides he’s going to marry this woman.

The next day they hang around on the beach. Sitting on towels in the sun, tanning and swimming together. It's a fun day where they learn that they do not have to have a deep meaningful conversation to advance their relationship. Their thoughts and wants reach each other just fine.

Late in the afternoon they buy a few things for dinner and Ella makes a tomato soup and bruschetta with tomato chunks, olives and spices.

Their first home-cooked dinner together.

While they're eating, Ella tries to bring up how maybe he likes it if he controls her more. Being her leader and telling her what to do. But Colin immediately catches on to what she’s trying and shuts her down. Instead insisting they have an equal relationship.

But he also adds that if she likes to make breakfast and things like that she’s of-course welcome to. But only if she wants to do that, and not because it’s expected.

Ella sort of knows what he’s trying to say. But since he’ll be the breadwinner, she thinks that's her part anyway. So his reasoning is a bit lost on her.

Changing the topic, Colin tells her that he has two more meetings the next day and that if she’s up for it she should come along for the last one.

She more-or-less agrees. Not wanting to disappoint him.

During his first meeting the following day, she wanders around another shopping center called Puerto Cancun, this one is much more upscale and shop oriented than the one near their apartment, which is more about souvenir shops and restaurants. He had hinted at the various clothing stores and that she should feel free to get something if she sees something she likes. Anything at all.

When he comes to find her when his morning meeting finishes, she's wearing a stylish new outfit. A tan colored, short sleeve, linen top and a dark brown cotton pair of pants along with brown leather sandals. Her sundress and old shoes are stuffed into a Zara bag.

"Whoohohoooo!" Colin exclaims in surprise. "Looking good Miss. Bloom!"

"You think? I spent all morning on it" Ella says shyly.

She had been browsing at the Zara store, unable to choose. Finally one of the sales girls who had tried to help her got fed up with her indecisiveness and had sort of talked her into getting her current outfit.

Afterwards she had looked at the window display of an expensive looking leatherwear store. The sales guy there had invited her inside to try on boots and sandals and she was talked into buying a pair of their more expensive dark brown sandals that she thought looked nice.

They're the most comfortable pair of footwear she ever had.

Ever since her kidnap, making independent decisions or standing up for herself is not really her forte.

"Yeah, I like it! Very classy. You should wear such clothes more often." He looks lovingly at her.

"I'll pay you back…" She quietly says. She has spent thousands of pesos, which sounds super expensive.

"Hah, no way. It's my gift to you Ella. Did you have fun?"

"It's ok. I also got this." Ella holds up her wrist and shows him a colorful bracelet. It's about an inch wide and made of tiny beads arranged in a Mayan pattern. The only item she bought that she truly chose herself.

He grabs her hand and studies her jewelry. He then presses a kiss on her fingers.

"Milady!" He starts with dramatic flair, "You have excellent taste and style."

She giggles, knowing she didn't choose her outfit at all. But he's right, it looks good on her.

"I also talked to mom. She said I should live more and enjoy myself." Ella sounds more upbeat from his approval. "So I got a big ice-cream, you should try it too! It's really good."

"Heh, sure, I can use something cold. Lead the way!" He encourages her.

He really appreciates her outfit. It looks so much more well dressed than the bargain bin stuff she usually wears. And Zara? Modest… He appreciates that too, even though he doesn't care about the price of what she bought.

Ella shows him around and they enter the ice cream shop for another treat.

"Oh yes, I know this place. They have really good chocolate."

"I know right?" Ella agrees. That's her favorite too.

They share a huge coupe with all 4 of their variants of chocolate ice-cream and the time flies by. Soon enough it's time to head for the 2nd meeting.

“Why do you want me there?” Ella wants to know.

“Don’t be nervous, ok? It won’t be long.”

“But I know nothing of your work.” Ella weakly protests.

“No, I know, but it’s important to me that you’re there. It's a huge moment for me, or us…” He vaguely explains. He wants Ella to share in the moment of his big achievement.

“Hmmm.” Ella had grumbled, she didn't see the point of her being there.

They walk out of the Puerto Cancun building and head to the right to a real estate office down the street where a few people are already waiting for them.

She sits next to Colin at a large table full of documents and brochures. After a bit of talk she witnesses him sign a few agreements and after it’s done they all stand and he proudly hugs her in front of everyone, declaring the whole condo tower they're staying in is his now.

Ella thinks it’s a bit awkward but also recognizes that it’s a big moment for him, even though she doesn’t really get the scope of what he’s doing.

When they’re alone for a moment she wonders if he’s really the owner now.

“Well, on paper, yes. But now the real work starts because to actually pay for it I need to re-sell at least half of the apartments for a good profit.” He laughs.

“How many apartments is that?" Ella hushes.

"In total? 40. And to make a good profit I need to sell 25 or more." He explains.

"And if that doesn’t work?”

“Then I’ve wasted millions of dollars.” He casually informs her. “Don’t worry about it though, these things will sell quickly. Plus, if need be, I can let go of some bitcoin.”

Actually he’ll go bankrupt, he risked almost all of his money on this deal and is unlikely to pay back the loan he got for the majority of the purchase, even with his bitcoin. But he doesn’t want to worry her.

Ella frowns and wonders just how rich he is. Throwing millions around like it’s nothing. But she’s sure he’ll tell her when he wants to.

The budding couple celebrates that night in a nice steakhouse and heads in at around 9PM.

Flying back to the UK the next morning Ella sleeps through most of the flight again while leaning on Colin's arm. They had made sweet love all night again and she’s exhausted from all the experiences of the last few days.

She’s also super in love.

Back in Bristol, Colin had dropped her off at her parents house just before dinner and with a passionate kiss he promised to be back for her in a few days. He's heading back to London to sort out some stuff and unwind.

He’s so into her that he doesn’t mind the 2 hours drive back and forth he makes for her at all.

She looks longing after his Land Rover until it’s long gone and heads inside. Over dinner she talks to her parents and shows off her new outfit and jewelry to her mother. She then locks herself in her room and sleeps for eighteen hours straight.

#### **5 - Talk about the future**

Colin had held off on talking to her during most of the day so he could clear his head and organize his people around him to get to work with the condominium tower. Some bathrooms need renovating and to prepare 40 apartments for sale is no small feat.

He repeatedly thinks they should’ve stayed in Cancun to be more hands-on with it. But alas, it has to be done remotely for now.

He had advised Ella to take some time and reflect on the past few days and think about her future. Ella hadn't liked it very much, but also wanted to please him so they only chatted during the evenings.

As promised, 2 days later he returns and invites her to come with him for brunch. They sit at the local cafe in a corner and enjoy a croissant and a fruit juice.

“I know you liked the apartment and the trip and all that, but really. How do you feel about it?”

“What do you mean?”

“Well remember I said to think about the future? How did the trip make you feel?”

“Ehmm. It was fun I think.” Ella hesitates, not sure what he's getting at.

“So I passed the test?” He asks.

Ella nods more energetic now. “Oh yes, you passed the test at McDonalds already…”

“I see. Then how about a bit of a celebration?”

“For?” Ella asks.

“Weeeelll, for us actually liking each other." He winks at her. "But also, remember those apartments in Cancun?”

Ella nods.

“Four of them have been pretty much sold already. And 3 more have viewings pretty soon.”

“So you’re more rich now?” Ella says uncaring.

“Yes, well almost.” He notices she doesn’t care for his money. “Anyway, how about a month-long vacation in the Philippines.”

“You have an apartment there too?” Ella wants to know.

“No, we’ll be in a hotel suite or something.” He elaborates. “Or where would you want to go?”

“Uhm…”

“Think about it. I’ll be right back.” Colin gets up and heads for the restroom.

Ella sits for a moment pondering his words. ‘Another trip already? Why can’t we just stay in England?’ Truthfully she doesn’t really feel like traveling right now.

“Hey, you’re Elle Boom, right?” A young man's voice sounds from behind her.

“Huhwhat?” She looks up disturbed.

“Elle Boom? You were on TV a few months ago, you know after eh, that thing that happened to you.” The man clarifies.

“Oh, yes. I’m her.” Ella sighs, wishing for him to go away.

“Can I sit down? I’m Stephen. I work for Nuts Magazine.” The man continues.

“Ehh… Sure?”

“That’s my seat.” Colin interrupts the interaction.

“Oh sorry, I thought Elle was by herself…”

“I’m sure you did." He gestures at his glass of juice, making it obvious Ella is not alone.

Colin looks the young man up and down. "What do you want?”

“I work for Nuts, we’re looking for models.” Stephen lies.

“Didn’t Nuts go out of business 10 years ago?” Colin sneers, “Did you come all this way here just to be a nuisance?”

“Eh, no. I just wanted to have a chat.” He stutters. He had sat in his car for days, 3 doors down from Ella’s home, waiting for a chance to talk to Ella.

“I see. Well, since you can’t even say her name properly I doubt anything else you have to say is of any value. So I kindly ask you to fuck off and leave my woman alone.”

Colin is being very rude, he caught Stephen in his lie.

“Unless she wants to talk to you. Ella?” He looks at her.

When Ella says nothing and just stares at him, he can feel her resentment. So he continues to take the lead.

“On second thought, have a seat.” He motions for Stephen to sit.

He then holds out his hand to Ella, “Come darling, let’s go someplace else.”

Ella grabs his hand on auto-pilot and an electrifying sensation shoots through her body as he leads her out of the cafe. Colin protecting her like this is very exciting.

Stephen looks after them thinking he needs to get to her when she’s not with this guy. Much easier. But really, seeing she is with a man already. Maybe he’ll give up.

When they’re around the corner she pulls him close, “Thank you Colin. I hate it when people recognize me.”

“Anything for you babe.” He soothes her.

“Am I really your woman?” Ella whispers into his chest with a hushed voice.

“Ehh… sure…” Colin looks around, feeling a bit awkward the way they’re standing in the middle of the sidewalk.

She pushes herself closer into his jacket with a slight moan, holding him very tightly.

“I think we need to have a chat about that, Ella. Come with me.” He says spotting a bench in a little park down the road.

She meekly follows him.

At the bench he sits her down and squats in front of her.

“Hey, are you alright?” He reaches up and caresses her cheek.

Ella whimpers at his touch. “What you did there, protecting me. That’s so hot. Oh… Sorry.”

He looks at her with a vague smile, “Don’t apologize for having feelings. OK?”

She nods.

He lowers his voice, “Don’t get upset now, I’m just trying to understand. Do you want to be my woman? What would that mean to you?”

“Yessss… I want to take care of you.” She hushes.

“Is that why you wanted me to boss you around and make you do the household?”

Ella nods, “And to touch me. I like it when you touch me.”

“Like hold your hand? Or like eh, touch, touch you…”

He grabs her hands and rests them on her knees.

Ella nods feeling in love.

“I see. Then I like being with you even more.” He grins at her, gently squeezing her hands.

“Yes, oh…” Ella whimpers at the thought.

He veers up and kisses her on her nose. He then sits next to her.

“Colin?”

“Yes Ella?”

“Can we stay together?”

“Sure! Of-course…”

“You said in the Philippines, it’s nice there?”

“Oh, to live together? Yeah, ok." He hesitates slightly, "The Philippines? It’s a 3rd world country, but if we choose carefully I’m sure it’ll be nice there. All I really know is that the weather is usually nice, lots of palm trees!”

“Oh, let’s go look. We can disappear there?”

Colin ‘hmms’ at hearing that. “What do you mean by disappear?”

“I don’t know, I just want to be with you and nobody else to bother us. Just like when, ehh… You know.”

“Like at Mike’s house?” Colin bluntly asks.

Ella nods.

“That’ll be very lonely Ella. And in a strange country? Think about that.”

He’s not at all looking forward to that.

“I’m thinking about it all the time, Colin. The world is so loud. There are cars, people and sirens. I don’t like it.”

Colin looks around, there aren't many people near them and it's pretty quiet. It's been normal all morning, he thinks. But he goes along with her woes and says, “Yea, ok. I get that. But you’re just upset now from that guy. I hope.”

He studies her face but she just stares at her knees.

“Because in Mexico you didn’t seem to think the world was loud and in the way. So we don’t have to isolate ourselves…” he continues.

“… Just find a place like that.” Ella finishes the thought.

“Exactly!” Colin confirms, now they understand each other.

“So we live in Mexico?”

“Ehm, in the condo? Heh, no that place is about to be sold. But I, we, can find something like that, somewhere.”

“I don’t know where to go then. But you have many houses for that?” Ella smiles for the first time.

Colin laughs, “Right now I just have my home in Kensington. Maybe we should go there first. It’s pretty quiet there as well.”

Ella likes the sound of that even more, no travel required. And soon after, they stroll hand in hand to her home to grab a few things.

Stephen is nowhere to be seen. But he sees them though. He has returned to his car and sits in the thing waiting for Ella to show up alone.

Neither of her parents are home but Ella doesn’t feel like talking to them or asking for permission for once. For the first time in a year she knows exactly what she wants.

Colin encourages her to talk to them first, but really he too wants to have her all to himself. Protect her from the world, and make her happy. So he doesn’t push too hard. They'll just see what happens.

While Ella gets her things he writes a note for her parents explaining that Ella will stay with him for a while and that he will do his best to make her safe and happy. Writing his address and phone number under it in big letters. He doesn't want any misunderstandings.

He stares at the note and adds that there is a guy named Stephen stalking the neighborhood looking for Ella.

Ella looks around her room and thinks about what to bring which is mostly a pile of clothes. She doesn’t own much else. They load up the car together. Next Ella brings her papers and gets her basic toiletries as well. And thinks that maybe she should bring her old PC. But Colin promises he’ll get her a nice computer and whatever else she needs.

“Or do you know how to make a computer work?” He asks.

“Dad fixed it for me. He’s really smart… I don’t know.”

“Yeah, me neither.”

They grin at each other and without words agree to figure that out later.

Checking over her room one last time, Colin asks about her toys and things. There are a bunch of cuddly toys and some books strewn around the room. A half finished comic book on her bed.

But Ella doesn’t really care for it. She grabs one small fluffy brown teddy bear and declares she has everything.

“That’s your favorite?”

“My dad got it for me when I got home.”

“Hah, the most important one.” Colin grins at his lover.

“Yes…”

They hug for a moment and he whispers. “You’re really sure, yes? You’re not doing it because you want a better house, or because you’re looking for a way away from your parents?”

“Colin… Please…” Ella looks upset at him for even considering that.

“Yeah, ok. Just checking. Making sure. It’s a big decision and we’re kinda rushing into this.”

They head downstairs and into the kitchen while they talk.

“Kiss me and find out how serious I am…” Ella dares him.

He obliges and Ella puts so much effort into her kiss that within moments he has a massive boner. She consumes his energy and their bodies melt together in a tight embrace. Feeling the growing bulge in his pants she undoes it and drops her own shorts.

“You little monster!” He grins.

“Shut up and love me!” Ella gasps.

“Yes ma'am…”

He spins her around and grabs her hips and thrusts his penis into her already wet vagina in one fluid motion.

Ella holds on onto the edge of the kitchen table for dear life as Colin roughly pounds into her, and they grunt and moan in tune with each other.

Switching position Ella ends up on her back on the table and Colin holds her ankle with his right hand and entangles his fingers of his left hand in hers as he makes Ella his.

He grunts as Ella moans quietly and lets out a squeal as she orgasms. With a final growl he pushes in deep and cums inside her.

“Fuck, yeah!” He groans as he pulls out. He drops down on a dining chair and controls his breathing.

Ella lies panting on her back, thinking he really is the best and tries to unscramble her brain. After a few moments she disappears into the bathroom to freshen up.

Colin's note got all crumpled and the table is no longer centered along the wall.

20 Minutes later they’re off, it’s a 2 hour drive to London, plus however slow traffic is.

#### **6 - Making a move**

All throughout driving through Bristol Colin has the feeling someone is following them. An old dark red car is constantly in his rear view mirror. Probably Stephen being a dick. But he says nothing.

When they leave the Bristol area Ella cheers up considerably. Realization sets in and her life is looking up. She asks a hundred and one questions about his home. About Kensington and London. He had told her a lot already and showed a photo of the inside once, but now she wants details. About London as well.

She's been to the city a few times and saw the palace and Big Ben, and she went on a ride in the London Eye, but really doesn’t know much about the city.

He is a bit vague about his living conditions to keep it a surprise but says it’s an apartment on the 3rd floor, which she already knew, and that it overlooks Holland Park. Which means little to her. He also promises it’s a very quiet neighborhood full of upscale houses and some schools and embassies. The shops are at walking distance, so it’s super convenient. And the few months per year that he's there always have been pleasant and calming.

Ella is already looking forward to the peace and quiet he promises.

Colin yet again spots the red car while they enter the motorway, but when he speeds up he doesn’t see the car again.

Problem solved.

They follow the M4 motorway and make a pit-stop in the services area on the interchange near Newbury. Ella buys drinks for them at the gas station shop while he tops up the fuel tank. When they're done she sits on his lap in the car staring out the window.

“What are you thinking about?” He wants to know.

“That guy at the cafe.” Ella mumbles.

“Never mind him,” Colin grumbles, “Just a would-be stalker or something.”

“Do you think?” Ella looks startled.

“I don’t know…” Colin admits, “Maybe he just likes you, same as me.”

She ‘hmms’ and goes over the incident, thinking she made her escape with Colin just in time. Even more reason to go with him.

“Moving to London will keep you safe from him.” He has the same idea as her. “Shall we continue?”

Ella agrees and climbs over the center console to the passenger seat. Colin starts the engine and they join the motorway again.

After a little while Ella has another thought, “My dad, will he be upset that I just left?”

“That’s why I said to talk to them.” He tells her.

“Yea but, he’ll just think of reasons why it’s stupid what we do… Do you think we’re being stupid?”

“No…” Colin sincerely says, “Maybe it’s a bit rushed, but we’re great together, I think. And worst case you'll just go home. Right?"

He rubs her knee when he notices she looks disturbed at him. "And remember what I said, I'm not whole without you… I still believe that.”

He focuses on the road.

"Me too. My life sucks without you." Ella thinks.

Colin can't help himself, he shoots her a curious look.

"Why is that Ella? Why are you so into me? I mean, you don't care for my money, and my looks don't seem to impress you much either."

"I think you're cute…" Ella assures him.

"Ok, but…?"

"I don't know. I feel that you get me. I can sit next to you and not worry about anything. I know we don't talk all that much. But we still understand each other I think. It's very good."

She just described his feelings for her perfectly. Colin smiles at her and swerves over the motorway overtaking a van. He’s driving way too fast.

"It's exactly that for me as well." He quietly says as they enter the fast lane again. "Hey let's make a pact!"

"A pact?" She looks at him with wonder.

"Yes, a pact, or agreement to never change and always be there for each other." He jokingly suggests.

Her face darkens. Mike, her kidnapper, forced her to sign an 'agreement' too. To get married someday.

"No…" She whispers.

"No?"

"If you want to have me, you can just be with me. I'm not signing anything." Ella says with a trembling voice.

"That's not what I meant… I, ehh, forget it." He sees her pain and quietly curses himself. "A promise then?"

He could smack himself in the head for making the suggestion. She had told him about her kidnapper’s coerced agreement to marry him and should know better.

Ella sniffles a bit but says nothing.

"I promise to you to never ever ever ever ever ever…” he takes a deep breath, “…ever ever ever mistreat you. And I also promise to marry you whenever you're ready for it." He says with such a serious voice that Ella can’t help but smirk.

"Silly…” Ella pulls up her legs and rests her chin on her knees while staring out of the window. She’s quiet for the rest of the drive.

About 40 minutes later they arrive in Kensington. He turns off from the larger roads and the streets get quieter and narrower as they go along.

"This is nice, you really live here?" Ella speaks for the first time since he suggested their pact. She curiously looks at the classic townhouses and villas.

"Those old houses? No." He laughs.

They turn a corner and he points at an off-white building with a black fence around it. "That's your new home!"

Ella looks at the modern building. "3rd floor right?"

"Yep, on the other side. See the trees in the background? That's Holland Park, the view from the living room."

Ella says nothing and looks curiously around. Mightily impressed with the stately area. Actually it feels very similar to her neighborhood in Bristol, but everything here looks more expensive and grand. She kinda likes it.

He revs the engine as they enter the parking garage and the barrier closes behind them. He loves the roar of his Land Rover. The garage is full of Audi’s, Porches and other expensive cars she doesn't recognize the brand of.

"These are yours?"

"Heh no, just this one. I like jeeps and off-road cars more."

"You can drive over all those other cars then when there's a traffic jam." Ella jokes

"Damn straight." He agrees.

In the lobby is a concierge, he hands a stack of envelopes to Colin.

"Welcome home Mr. Spencer! Lots of mail today.”

He then turns his attention to Ella, “And you are?"

“This is Ella Bloom. My new girlfriend.”

Ella blushes at hearing she’s his girlfriend, ‘It’s real now…’

She wants to shake his hand. "Hello, what's your name?"

The concierge looks surprised, rarely the residents ask who he is.

"Welcome to the building. I'm Jim, Ms. Bloom." He says, shaking her hand gently.

"Just call me Ella, and he's Colin. You’re always here?"

"Right you are, Ms. Bloom…" Jim confirms. “And no, there are a few others too. We work in rotation.”

“Will she be needing a key? Mr. Spencer?

"Yes of-course. The whole thing, add her to the residents list too. Extend her every courtesy, yea? As if she owns the place." Colin instructs Jim.

“Right away sir.” Jim confirms.

In the elevator up, Colin asks what that was about.

"I think we should all be friendly. He’s like the room service guy, right?"

"We are friendly Ella, but we're not friends or anything. And no, he’s not room service. They’re here for our comfort and protection."

Ella 'hmms' and forgets all about Jim when they enter the apartment proper.

Downstairs, Jim curiously Googles her name and quickly finds out she’s 'that' Ella Bloom. The one who was rescued a year ago after being kidnapped 5 years prior. ‘Not as pretty as on TV…’ He thinks as he watches a few clips from her talk show episode. Confirming her non-cuteness when he clicks on one of her old tik-tok videos, deciding she’s too plain looking for his taste.

She’s a clumsy dancer too.

He then starts preparing her keys and things.

The elevator exits into a small vestibule with 3 front doors. One of which leads into Colin's home. It connects to the living room. Almost in the middle. It has a dark wooden floor lined with white walls. To the left is a simple but stylish L shaped gray couch. In front of it is a massive TV. The couch is so big that it seats at least 8 people. To the right the living room extends into an open kitchen, again with a basic decor. But very complete. There is a big oven and stove, and some other machines. On the wall is a big rack with all kinds of kitchen knives that Ella doesn't know what they're for.

Across the room, a short hallway heads off to 2 bedrooms and the bathroom. In the bathroom there is an unusually big rain shower behind a glass sliding wall. It’s dark tiles all around, which, along with the golden yellow light, gives it a cozy cave-like feel. The bathroom only has a small frosted-glass window.

The master bedroom overlooks the park just like the living room. In there is a king size bed with tons of pillows and a big colorful duvet on it. A large closet off to the side and there is soft carpet on the floor. From the bedroom, which is a bit indented into the building, there is a sliding door that gives access to a narrow balcony. Off the side of the balcony a glass door leads back into the living room.

The other bedroom looks out to the building interior, the whole building is shaped like a big H. The ‘inner’ rooms look out onto a garden between the building legs of the H. It’s a smaller room because of the bathroom and it’s without any furniture. Colin has no use for this room apparently.

At the end of the short hallway is a small utility room with a washing machine and the more technical stuff like a water heater and the dials for the under-floor heating.

"What do you think?" Colin asks after giving her the tour.

"Ehh…" Ella is speechless.

"Well? Do you like it?"

"Why would you ever want to leave here? It's so cool." Ella mumbles.

He smiles hearing that, "Then I welcome you to your new home Ella."

"Uh-huh!" She nods more enthusiastically.

They go back and forth a few times to the car to get all her stuff and Colin tells her, "Go settle in. Touch everything, take a look around. I have to check my emails."

He’s curious to know about the latest news about his Cancun project.

Ella puts her toothbrush in the bathroom and puts her clothes in the closet in the bedroom. She walks around in the spacious apartment unsure what to do next. She doesn't want to disturb Colin so she quietly looks around.

"Can I take a shower?" She asks him.

"Yes, of-course. Do what you want." He tells her.

A quiet knock on the door.

"Get that will you? That's probably the concierge with your key." Colin says focused on his laptop. There is massive interest for the apartments and his realtor is very busy with it.

Ella curiously opens the door and Jim delivers her a set of keys and a keycard. Briefly explaining that the keys are for this front door and a side-door for the inner garden downstairs. And the keycard is for everything else; the gate, the garage barrier and the lobby door.

"Why so much security?" Ella wonders.

"Safety is what you make of it Ms. Bloom. That's why there are gates and me." His way of covertly saying that nobody is safe.

Colin joins them checking on how things are going.

"Do you know this? Jim is a security guard?" Ella calls out.

"And he’s very good at it too, nothing ever happens on his watch! We're quite safe here. Right Jim?"

“I'd like to think so Mr. Spencer.” He agrees, and then to Ella “If you’ll sign here then we’re all set. Welcome home Miss. Bloom!”

Ella signs for her key and keycard and they’re left alone.

#### **7 - Settling in**

That evening her dad had called and insisted that she thinks very very hard about what she's doing and if it's the right thing. He believes Ella is going way too fast. She had assured him it'll be fine and tried to convince him that Colin is good for her and that she chose this herself.

In the background her mother had sort of agreed with Ella and Frank was stuck between 2 women telling him to shut up.

Colin had laughed at the interaction and the next day he called Frank from a park bench and they talked for over an hour about Ella and her obsession with him. He agrees with Frank that it's all very sudden. But as long as they're both feeling it's the right thing they're not going to stop.

Frank can't argue with that and thanks him for sharing their perspective. Colin then invites them both to visit sometime soon. Frank then wants to know about Stephen, and Colin explains what happened and how shook up Ella had been.

Frank says he'll punch the guy in the face if he sees him, and thanks Colin again for the talk, and for protecting his daughter.

Ella has no problems fitting her simple life in with his, and after a few days it's like they've been together for years already. She quickly learns that while Colin has this amazing place he doesn't have a lot of stuff. His closet in the bedroom is nearly empty because he only has like 5 outfits and a few pairs of shoes.

He has a couch and some furniture, but not much accessories and knick-knacks to liven up the place. There are a few big pieces of photo art on the walls, but there are no potted plants or decorations.

She’ll fix that though.

She decides that if he's going to work she'll do the household, and immediately assumes her role as the cook of the house and doing some chores. Just like she suggested when they were in Mexico. She has found her purpose and happily takes care of Colin, forgetting the outside world.

On the 4th day Colin had realized he didn’t do any chores since coming home and told her that if she just leaves the dishes or whatever, he'll do it. But she insists on helping out.

It's not like she has much else to do anyway.

Which is another point Colin is about to bring up.

It's Saturday morning. Ella had woken up at 6AM on auto-pilot to put out his clothes and make breakfast, but he beckoned her back into bed and trapped her in his arms while he went back to sleep. He’s not a morning person.

"No chores today… Just relax and be lazy." He had mumbled.

After a little while Ella had snuck out and made herself some breakfast, she's on the couch in her panties watching cartoons when Colin joins her around 9AM.

"Hey lover." He greets her with a kiss.

"Morning!" Ella happily responds. "Want some breakfast?"

"No, I've got it." Colin rejects her help, moments later he sits down next to her with a bowl of cereal.

"Any ideas for the future Ella? Is there anything that you want to do?" He asks her. He'd been thinking about what kind of job Ella would like, but he's drawing a bit of a blank.

Ella doesn't really know either. In the past she never particularly liked any of her jobs. She jokes that she can work for Colin, as his assistant or something. Carry his laptop, handle appointments and prepare documents or whatever.

He holds off on that as he doesn’t need an assistant and prefers Ella thinks of something to do for herself. Then another thought hits him.

“Actually… Maybe never mind on finding a job.” He slowly suggests.

“Huh? Why?”

“Well, how do we travel and go 100 times a year on vacation if you’re stuck in a job… Plus, didn’t you want to stay away from society?”

“Oh, hmm! I guess I’ll just mop the floor and watch TV then.” Ella grins.

“Mmmhm” Colin thinks. “Damn, I didn’t think this through at all. Sorry…” He smirks.

“But I can do something online with money? Like you…” Ella suggests.

“Yea, but that’s mostly passive income. Bitcoin goes up, money increases. That’s not work.” He downplays his crypto assets.

“I’m sure it’s not that easy… Otherwise everyone would do it and be rich, right?”

“Hmm, yes… I’ll think about it.”

They watch TV for a while and when the program ends Ella has another question.

“Where are the shops? Don’t we need groceries or something?”

“You’re right, have you even gone outside since you arrived?”

He had visited his financial advisor, talked to his realtor in Mexico, had coffee with a casual friend he ran into and did all kinds of things. But Ella has been indoors for the last 4 days.

“Yes, I sat on the balcony yesterday when you were out. It’s nice. I like it here so much…” Ella smiles.

“Heh, but that doesn’t count.” Colin laughs at her. “Let’s do some shopping today. I saw you look around… Surely you have some ideas to spruce up the place.”

“Like?”

“Well, it’s pretty bare in here…” He starts to say.

“…Yea clearly no woman ever lived here. I get it.” She knows what he’s getting at.

“Yes you could say that.” Colin agrees. ‘Not entirely true, but sure.’ He thinks.

“I think a plant there would be nice.” Ella points next to the TV. “And a bigger one at the front door.”

Colin nods. “Ok…”

“And a rug here?” Ella suggests, she points in front of the couch.

“Alright. Maybe yes.” Colin hesitates.

“Aaand, for me. I would like to have an electric toothbrush again. And some things like shampoo.

She had been using his body wash, but it doesn’t smell very feminine.

“But of-course.” Colin thinks. “Oh, and I promised you a computer.”

“Mmhm” Ella nods, other than through her phone, she hasn’t been online in over a week.

Colin envies her for being able to do that. And hearing she has many ideas he thinks she’s already blossoming and asserting herself.

He leans forward and they passionately kiss.

“I’m already proud of you Ms. Bloom…” He whispers in her ear. “So many ideas, and things you decide. I love it! Let’s go shopping.”

“You’re welcome Mr. Spencer.” She hushes back. Kissing him again.

Ella skips into the bedroom with a giggle and gets dressed. 30 minutes later they’re off to explore the area. Colin shows her around in the park, they wander around in the neighborhood and look at the classical houses. And finally they end up on Kensington High Street, which is the local shopping area.

That afternoon they get home with many bags and things to help Ella settle in and to make the home a bit more homely and less of a man cave.

Colin looks approvingly at the small potted plants that are spread out throughout the living room and kitchen. Ella chose all different colors for the pots and put them throughout the home. One left and right of the TV which are simple small leafy plants. But it makes all the difference.

She also placed 3 in front of one of the double windows that are not overlooking the park and another smaller cactus like plant on the kitchen island that doubles as the dining table.

They got a little rug for the bathroom so there are no more cold feet when they get out of the shower.

A couple of colorful cushions on the couch.

Ella is busy in the bathroom putting all her toiletries and feminine stuff away. She got the whole kit, a fancy electric toothbrush, shampoo, conditioner, moisturizer and everything she needs to be presentable and neat.

“Yes, a very good start.” He mumbles.

Ella sneaks up behind her man and grabs him around the waist. “What do you think?”

“I never noticed how a plant can change a room.”

“I know right? Let’s shower and try the new shampoo…” Ella whispers, pushing him to the bathroom while holding his waist.

It’s been a tiring day for Ella, London is a busy place and Colin washes her top to bottom with her new soap, which smells exotic.

“Argan oil? What’s that?” He wonders, reading the label.

“Dunno, but I like it, and mom says it’s good for my skin.” Ella claims.

“You smell like a Mediterranean princess.”

She giggles and soaps up his back. “And you smell like my man…” She tells him, sniffing his body wash from the bottle as she squeezes it. She loves the ‘Fresh Ice’ smell. His deodorant from the same brand has the same fragrance, so she can enjoy it every time she's near him.

When she’s done with him, he busies himself with washing her hair and when that’s done they lean into each other just enjoying the hot water. There is no more talk. Just them enjoying each other's company.

Just how they like it, quiet and calm.

When they have had enough they dry each other off, still not talking. And following each other’s lead they end up on the couch watching a movie. They know exactly what the other is thinking and wants.

“Movie?” Colin had asked.

And she simply nodded and got some crisps and a bottle of coca cola and beer for him. She snuggles up against him and they enjoy their movie.

Afterwards they head to bed and lie in each other’s arms. They haven’t spoken more than 10 words since the shower.

“Colin?” Ella whispers.

“Yes?”

“This is so perfect don’t you think?”

“Mmhm.” He agrees.

“Everyone always wants to talk and talk talk talk… You’re so much nicer.” She quietly compliments him.

“Mmhm.” He agrees. Remembering he often thought that his last girlfriend should shut up more often.

“Good night.” Ella mumbles.

“Good night…”

Colin had wrapped his left arm across her chest from behind. With his other hand he checks his phone for the last time. Another apartment just got a downpayment deposited according to his realtor.

He’ll check it in the morning.

He guesstimates that he will have more than 10 million pounds in the bank soon.

Excited for that he shoves his phone aside and lets his hand wander under the blanket to Ella’s crotch. Somehow she’s always wet down there.

‘Perfect horny little monster,’ He thinks and slowly rubs her lips.

Ella moans quietly in her sleep and squirms in his arms.

#### **8 - Happiness found**

It’s been over 2 weeks and Ella is on the phone with her dad. He’s a bit upset with her for not talking to them anymore. But only slightly so, because he realizes Ella has won the ‘dream-guy-lottery’ and is also very happy for her.

She’s very talkative and tells him what they’ve been up to as a way to explain away why she keeps forgetting to talk to him.

“Well then, I think it’s time for a thorough inspection!” Her dad announces.

“A what?” Ella sounds so startled that Colin looks up from his newspaper.

“An inspection.” Frank jokes, “To see if you’re treated right.”

“Daaaad!” Ella whines. She doesn’t get the joke.

“What is it?” Colin mouths at her.

“He wants to come for an inspection!” Ella sounds upset.

“Oh? Like a visit?” Colin asks.

“Yes, like a visit, dummy!” Her dad yells through the phone laughing.

Ella finally realizes he’s making fun of her and gets right back at him.

“Fine! We’ll let security know not to arrest you!” She sounds so serious that her dad frowns on the other end.

“What? You live in London right? Not some kind of a compound?”

“Yes, but there is a big fence and a security guard… Only Colin can let you in if he wants you here.”

Colin laughs at this and shakes his head.

“You’re kidding right?” Her dad grumbles through the phone.

“Yes of-course!” Ella laughs back at him.

“Ella…!” Her dad doesn’t sound too happy for being fooled as well.

Now Ella has the last laugh, picturing her angry dad in the garden.

“Anytime after tomorrow is fine babe.” Colin whispers in her ear.

She nods, she knows his schedule, and continues, “When are you coming? This weekend?”

“Yes we were thinking Friday, around 10.”

“Friday? At 10?” She quietly inquires with Colin who nods.

“That’s fine.” Ella confirms.

“Alright, see you Friday then.” Frank agrees.

“I’ll inform security! Bye!” Ella laughs and hangs up.

Frank frowns at the phone. ‘She and her security.’

Elise joins him in the garden with coffee for them both. “So, it’s a date?”

“Apparently we have to go through security…” Frank mumbles, unsure if that’s real or not.

“Oh quit your worrying Frank… Of course she has security. It’s the big city!” Elise already knows about Jim, the friendly doorman.

Meanwhile in Kensington Colin and Ella get ready for the day, they’re going to the bank to open an investment account for her, as well as a regular checking account.

Colin had thought of a simple way to give her something to manage. Bonds investments. A low effort way of making some money with little to no risk.

2 hours later it’s all set up and done at the same bank as he uses and Ella can watch ‘her’ money grow. He had given her a 25,000 pounds balance to start. Not entirely a gift, it’s a lot of money after-all. But since they’re so close and living together he’s also not expecting it back.

“So now what?” Ella asks as she stares at her app. She didn’t understand half of what the bank broker had told her.

“Nothing much really, just like the broker said. Every day there is a bit of a payout into the balance and you can keep it there, or take it out and do something else with it.” Colin explains.

“Oh, that easy?” Thinking that that is not really a job or something to spend time on at all.

“It’s just a fun pastime.” He admits, “But save up some money and you can try Forex trading which is a bit more complicated.”

Ella thinks she has heard that term before but she’s not sure where. “And then?”

“Well, if you’re actually going into trading you have to watch the market so you can estimate what the price of your commodity does and you can then invest small amounts on it for a profit or loss.” Colin tells her. “I made some money with it before I went into real estate. It’s easy to get into, but hard to be good at. Maybe you’ll like it.”

“Yea ok… Let’s see how this goes first then.” Ella thinks. Things already sound overly complicated to her.

“Yep, just check the app every few days or whatever and see what happens. Maybe one day you can pay me back.” He jokes with a wink.

“Mmhm!” Ella agrees.

Ella checks her app for a while but when the novelty wears off she sort of forgets about the whole thing. She does think her 'Premier status' is cool whenever she uses her debit card.

After lunch they head back home and Ella is being lazy in front of the TV. A SMS arrives that a delivery man is at the door.

“Colin! It’s here!” Ella calls out to the bedroom.

“What is?”

“Your surprise.”

“Oh, go get it then, hurry!” He laughs, but she’s already out the door.

Ella had been waiting for almost a week for a mysterious thing he ordered for her. All she knows about it is that it's delivered with a courier and he gave her the Tracking ID.

5 minutes later Ella returns with 3 boxes and she drops down on the couch where Colin waits for her.

“Well, well… 3 boxes huh.” He smiles, he loves seeing her curious happy face.

Ella already can guess what it is, one of the boxes has an Apple sticker on it.

“You got me an airbook?”

“Nope!” he laughs.

She opens the first box, and out comes an expensive looking light blue sleeve for something like a laptop. He knows she loves that color.

“It’s for a laptop!” Ella claims.

“No… Open the other ones.” Colin encourages her.

She opens the 2nd box and out comes the iconic Apple box containing a large iPad Pro and a pencil accessory.

“Coliiin!” Ella calls out. “Oh this is so cool.”

He smiles at her. He had listened very well to her wish for a simple computer.

“And this? I don’t know how to draw?” Ella grins at the pencil.

“Yea or write, it does both I’m told.”

In the last box she finds an Apple Keyboard accessory.

“Whoa, to type?”

“It says keyboard, so I guess.” Colin grins.

Ella sticks her nail under the plastic of each box and rips all the seals off. She quickly figures out Colin's intent with the various parts. The iPad magnetically connects to the keyboard, and while attached to each other it folds like a laptop and the sleeve goes around the whole thing.

“See? It’s like a laptop, but not really.” Colin shows her. “And you already know how an iPhone works. This is much the same. You can use your account and use the same apps.” He more or less repeats the sales pitch from the Apple guy at the store.

“Uh-huh!” Ella knows about that, and opens and closes the tablet on its keyboard a few times.

“Thank you so much baby, it’s super cool! And a blue cover, really nice.” She kisses Colin wildly.

“Heh, you’re very welcome!”

For the next hour Ella busies herself with setting the thing up. When she does her Apple account and manages to recover the password via her email address, hundreds of emails pop into her inbox along with a string of old iMessage messages.

Most email is spam, but there are some real ones. A guy named Joe, who’s wondering why she never went to a job he offered her. Some friends and family wondered where she was.

The chat messages are more confronting, they’re from people she knew before she got kidnapped.

Ella’s dad had gotten her a cheap android phone after, so she never saw all the worried messages asking where Ella disappeared to.

She spends a few hours cleaning that mess up, reading everything. But she doesn’t remember most of the people.

Still, Ella feels confused and emotional seeing the worried texts and how much people noticed her disappearance.

That night Ella wears herself out on Colin when they have sex. She sits on top of him and rides his dick so wild that for a moment he fears she lost herself to her past again. But when she slows down and tries to kiss him he knows this isn’t the case.

Ella is just being wild and energetic.

Switching positions she’s facedown in bed and holds her hands on the small of her back, suggesting Colin holds her down and forces himself on her. He’s not that kind of lover, but instead reaches around her torso and scoops her up. In doing so, he pins her arms at her side as he presses her back into his chest while he thrusts into her from behind.

She’s stuck all the same with her arms at her side and loves the helpless feeling it gives her.

“Yes Colin! Yes, Yes, Yesssss!” She moans out loud. He grunts in tune with her ecstasy and drops forward with a euphoric moan as they cum almost together.

Ella is crushed under his weight but she doesn’t care.

Coming to their senses he rolls off of her and whispers sweet nothings into her ear, they fall asleep shortly after.

They spend the whole next day in bed, Colin steps out around lunch time to do a short phone meeting with someone who wants clarifications on something for the apartments. But when that’s done he joins Ella in bed again and the two only come out again, late that afternoon as Colin chases after his lover with a pillow and they have a pillow fight.

When they’re done running around they shower together and Colin makes a few simple cucumber cheese sandwiches and they jump back into bed around 7PM.

“We’re so lazy.” Ella giggled.

“Damn right, and we totally earned it.” Colin claims.

“Why? How so? We barely do anything useful…”

“I think today was very useful.” He grins. “What’s the point of life if it’s not spending time with your lover.”

“Yea but, you didn’t really work for a week. And I didn’t do anything either.”

“I worked hard so I can be lazy Ella, and you, well. You should want for nothing either… You’ve had enough trouble in your life.” Colin argues.

Ella has no good answer for that but kisses her lover and she plays with her iPad while he reads a book for a while.

#### **9 - House inspection**

They sleep until late the next morning when Ella’s phone rings in the living room. But they both ignore it. Then his rings and when Colin looks at it he sees it’s Ella’s dad, Frank.

“UNGH! Make it stooop!” Ella groans at the phone noise.

She’s draped over his torso, hugging him. She’s thinking it’s like 4AM or something.

Colin smirks at the grumpy crown of hair on his chest and picks up the phone.

“Morning Frank. What’s up.” Colin inquires.

“We’re downstairs…”

“Eh?”

“What day is it?” He hushes at Ella, poking her awake.

“Thursday… Why?” Ella yawns.

“It’s Friday you lazy bums!” Frank informs them.

Ella rolls over and looks at her tablet. “Shit, yes. We spent 2 whole days in bed…” She giggles.

“Hello?” Frank interjects.

“Right, Sorry sir. I’ll be right down. Is there nobody at the front desk?”

“Front desk? All I see is a gate and a barrier.” Frank and Elise had driven up to the parking garage and didn’t see the regular entrance at all.

“I’ll come find you. Give me a moment. Honk the horn and someone should come to you so you can park. They know you’re coming.” Colin tells him.

Ella has already disappeared into the bathroom and has turned on the shower. Colin follows her a moment later, walking into the shower. He gets wet, rubs under his armpits and over his crotch and back out less than 30 seconds later.

He quickly dries himself and hops through the bedroom trying to get into his pants and hurries to the lobby to find Frank and Elise.

Ella meanwhile quickly washes her hair and blow-dries it while getting dressed and cleaning up around the place.

As usual, both Colin and Ella do not need to talk to know what needs to be done and what the other does. They understand each other perfectly.

There are still pillows laying around throughout the apartment. One of the potted plants had fallen victim to a flying pillow and fell over. She sets out to fix up the place and make coffee.

Downstairs Frank is looking at the Bentley and Audi R8 that's parked next to his car.

“That’s nice, right?” He talks more to himself than to his wife.

“Yes, yes, very rich.” She looks around.

Josh, the concierge on duty, hangs around in the background.

“And there? Is that a Lamborghini? Geez…” Frank wants to take a closer look but Josh ushers them into the lobby instead where Colin steps out of the elevator a minute later.

“There they are!” he greets Elise and Frank.

“Oh, hey Colin, you look good. How are you?” Elise compliments him.

“All because of your daughter Mrs. Bloom. Hey Frank, Sir, how are you?” He shakes their hands.

“Mr. Spencer, they need to sign in for the garage.” Josh interrupts. All cars need to be registered according to the building policy.

“Oh, yes… Rules…” Colin rolls his eyes.

“Josh here will kick you out if you don’t sign in.” He grins, remembering Ella’s jokes from a few days ago.

Elise laughs at that, but Frank and Josh don’t think that’s funny at all.

“Thanks Josh,” Colin waves him away.

‘Wanker!’ Josh thinks. He doesn’t like Colin and Ella much. For the simple reason that they never seem to do anything useful, yet appear to be stupidly rich.

“Just joking, yea? Follow me, Ella is upstairs.” Colin sees Franks frown and escorts them to the elevator and into their home.

“Mom! Dad! You’re here!” Ella jumps up from cleaning up the spilled dirt from the plant and hugs them both.

Elise looks approvingly around. “What a nice place you have here Colin, well done.”

“Indeed Mrs. Bloom. But more importantly, Ella loves it here.” He agrees.

“Mmhm!” Ella nods energetically. “Come I’ll show you around!”

She gives them a quick tour and they end up around the kitchen island where Colin is busy making the coffee Ella had started.

Frank hadn’t said much. He’s taken aback by the luxurious feel of the whole building. The cars downstairs. The security guard. Already while driving here he thought the neighborhood exudes an exclusivity he can never achieve.

Elise visibly enjoys herself, seeing her daughter find success, or at least a successful partner.

“You look good Ella, are you happy here?” She strikes up a chat.

“Oh, mom! Colin is so good for me. Look, he got me this.” She proudly shows her iPad. “And look at this place. Isn’t it amazing? I never want to leave here.”

Frank plays with the iPad and agrees it’s very nice. At the warehouse where he is a manager they use iPads too. He likes the devices.

When their coffee is finished Ella and her mom go and sit on the balcony and chat about their lives. Her mother really likes the view of the park and the fresh air.

Frank and Colin linger around in the kitchen and look at each other.

“How do you do it Colin?” Frank wants to know.

“Do what?”

“This, this apartment, the cars. Finding my daughter, that thing in Cancun. Everything.”

He’s more than a little envious actually.

“I just got lucky… And the cars aren’t mine.” Colin smiles. He assumes that Frank thinks that that’s his garage.

“Maybe, but how? You’re from a well-to-do family? You have family right?"

"Just my dad, he's in the US I think. We don't really talk anymore. He'll be about your age? Works in engineering."

"Oh right…" Frank nods.

“But really, I’ve made my own money. I went into crypto early on. When it wasn’t worth shit I got hundreds of bitcoin from everywhere. Nobody cared for crypto back then but I liked collecting it. And as you probably know, each is now worth more than 60,000 quid.”

Frank ‘hmms’. "And how many, eh, bitcoins do you have?"

“531.238 initially.” Colin will remember that number for the rest of his life. “But I've been selling it off. So currently? Mhm, maybe 40 and change? Most of my capital is invested in the Cancun deal. Which so far is working out really well." Colin casually explains.

“Oh yes? What was that about?” Frank wants to know, he never learned what the purpose of the trip was other than ‘real estate’.

“I bought a condo there a couple of years ago and quite liked it. So I set out to own the whole tower. There are 40 units in it. I spent almost all my money on it, along with a fat loan, and when Ella and I went there the deal was finally finalized.” Colin elaborates. “Took like 3 years.”

“Now I’m selling them all one by one for a profit. I can either invest in more, or never work again from the money it brings in. I’m not sure yet what to do.”

Frank nods thoughtfully.

"You’re the first to ask really, Ella doesn’t care at all." Colin continues, "Sometimes I wish she would take an interest in it, you know? So that she understands better what I do or how lucky I, we, are.”

“Yes she’s not that clever I suppose.” Frank admits with a grin. “Not to speak low of her, of-course. But she never cared much about anything. Until you happened along.”

“Yeah well. It doesn’t really matter right? Smart or dumb or knowledgeable or not, I love her to bits and she me.” Colin dismisses the direction the conversation is headed into.

Frank stares at him for a moment. “You're right, and my daughter knows you’re a mega-multi-super-millionaire?”

“Heh,” He smirks. “You make it sound so rich… My money isn’t endless. But ehh, sort of, she never asked. But she was there when the final contracts were signed. And she knows why we were there and that I own the tower. But like I said, she doesn’t care.”

“Geez… Well, I would care. I guess the utility of money is lost on her after, ehh… you know.” He grins with a sad look at the realization. And wants to ask so badly how many millions Colin has.

“Yeah, Ella is a special one.” Colin thinks. “Never met a woman quite like her.”

“Indeed she is.” Frank agrees.

Done talking shop, Frank looks out of the window. “And this? Your estate I presume?” He asks with a smirk.

“Hah, no. That’s just Holland Park. Public grounds pretty much. We like to go for a walk there in the afternoons. There’s a nice cafe in the middle of it too. Nice pancakes…”

“I bet. It looks nice.”

He turns around and looks serious. “How is she doing, like really? I’m worried sick when she doesn’t call… But my wife tells me to relax and leave her alone.”

“Ella is doing just fine. I think she forgets to call because she is happy here.” Colin assures him.

Frank smiles at that. “So I need not worry?”

“Not at all, I think.” Colin says, “Just look around, remember how she couldn’t choose what shoes to wear? Well, Ella chose most of the decorations you see, like the plants and the rug and stuff. All by herself.”

“Really?”

“Yep. I had it pretty bare. Just the couch and TV basically. I noticed Ella thought it was a bit, ehh, spartan. All I did was suggest that she could spruce up the place and I followed her around the shops with the credit card, this is the result.” Colin laughs, “Really, she’s a changed woman…”

“That’s good, NO! It’s excellent. I’m really glad to hear that.” Frank approves.

“She goes outside too, but not as often." Colin sounds proud, "Usually with me, actually. It’s a couple of streets over to the shops, she goes there on her own. But you know, it’s London. Better if she’s with someone. I think so anyway.”

“Yes I get it. It’s a crazy world out there.” Frank looks relieved.

“And that guy downstairs? He’s obviously security…”

“Yep…” Colin confirms.

“Is that really necessary?”

“Nah, but it keeps the rabble out… Solicitors and vendors mostly.” Colin laughs. “We’re quite safe here without them too, I think.”

Ella jumps from around the corner and sits on the kitchen island holding on to Colin, giving him a kiss.

“Talking about me? Hey, we should have lunch in that french bakery place!”

“See what I mean?” Colin laughs, “A changed woman.”

Ella’s mom uses the bathroom and sneaks a peak at the toiletries. Smiling at Ella buying the same shampoo and soap as she has. She then looks for the medicine cabinet, but finds nothing but aspirin, bandaids and disinfectant. No scary looking antidepressants or any serious medication.

When she’s done snooping around she joins the others.

The 4 of them head out for a walk in the park, have lunch at the french bakery Ella suggested. She eats 2 big pieces of chocolate cake and drinks a large coke, feeling nauseous after.

Colin laughs at her greediness and pokes her in the stomach, causing her to almost throw up.

Overall it’s a fun afternoon and her parents head home that evening convinced that Ella finally struck gold.

Frank shares that Colin is a multi millionaire and Ella doesn’t even realize it. Elise laughs at that, telling him that Ella knows, but she doesn’t pay it any mind.

Frank then coursecorrects and tells her that Colin thinks that Ella doesn’t know. At which Elise laughs even harder, thinking they’re both being a silly goose.

Elise knows even more details… Ella had told her that Colin has about 3 million pounds in bitcoin and earns almost 500,000 quid profit from each apartment he sells.

“Fucking hell…” is all Frank can say to that. He does the quick math, 40 times 500,000. “He’s got like 20 million pounds then! Damn!”

#### **10 - The biggest step**

They have been together for just over 7 months now. He had sold all but 2 of the condos and decided it's enough for now. He’ll keep one unit as a vacation home.

The other one will quietly remain for sale, but nobody makes an effort and he lets go of his expensive realtor.

Maybe he'll give it to Ella's parents at some point… He'll see.

With over 20 million quid in the bank, Colin thinks it prudent to spend all his time with his woman and enjoy life for now.

During dinner he talks Ella into spending a couple of months per year in Cancun.

She had jokingly calculated that if they spend 300,000 pounds or less per year, they’ll have enough money for the rest of their lives.

Colin had laughed at her simplistic calculation, but agreed. And with their current spendings they have enough money for 2 luxurious lifetimes. If they never think of anything productive ever again, they'll still be fine.

With his encouragement, Ella has grown much more confident in who she is. Her dress style improved considerably as more and more clothes got replaced. She looks quite fashionable these days. Some days Ella dresses all girlie-girlie in a skirt and blouse. She took a liking to wearing Adidas sportswear too, leggings, tight running shirts, that sort of stuff. Other days she wears a pair of cargo pants with a t-shirt, just like Colin often wears. It matches his casual rich look, and they make a pretty couple.

She even made a few friends. Women from around the neighborhood that she meets in shops. Colin came home one day finding his home a mess of women laughing and eating bruschetta at his kitchen island. He quickly escaped to the bedroom with a pair of headphones to find his peace and quiet.

Ella and Colin have sex a couple of times a week. They're not super creative or experimental together. In the end Ella likes sex in bed or on the couch the most. Or, in the shower if she feels adventurous. Her senseless energy with it had waned a lot, now that her life has other exciting things going on for her. But Colin doesn’t mind either way, the passion in her love is all he needs really.

And there is plenty of that.

Ella is fiercely loyal to him. Maybe that’s a leftover from her programming, but Colin likes to think she’s truly super in love. He never had anyone be this dedicated to his wellbeing and happiness. It’s super cool, and he thinks he’s a super lucky guy.

For the most part they’ve had an excellent relationship with very few misunderstandings and never an argument.

Until this morning.

A message had pinged into his phone from a woman named Jennifer. Ella had seen it light up the screen. Jennifer had asked him if she could come by, because she’s so lonely.

Ella had felt insecure and immediately knew he was cheating on her. They have been arguing about the mysterious Jennifer for the last 20 minutes.

“Colin! What the fuck? Who is she?” Ella yells at her lover.

Colin sits on the couch looking super frustrated and repeats for the 10th time, “Nobody, don’t worry about it…”

“Don’t worry? What? Why won't you tell? Why is she chatting you up?”

“She’s not, she just sent a message and asked how I was doing.”

“She wants to come over! Are you fucking her?” Ella shouts at him.

“Nooo, of-course not!” He denies her suspicions, “She’s just…”

“What!? Just what? URGH!” Ella growls at him and stomps out of the living room her hands balled in fists. She’s furious.

“Ella! Will you let me finish? Ella! Hey!” Colin yells after her.

Ella buries herself under the bedsheets and lies there sniffling feeling sorry for herself. She never even suspected Colin doing such a thing.

Colin, like most men probably would, at first had denied any knowledge of anyone named Jennifer. Mainly to avoid this whole argument.

But Ella, like most women would, had pressured him until he admitted he used to know someone named Jennifer. When Ella had insisted again and again, he finally gave in and told her that he met her. And so he had dug a hole for himself from which there is no escape.

Colin squats on her side of the bed looking at her teared up face.

“She’s an ex. OK?”

“From when?”

“Before you. I don’t know what she wants now.”

“Then tell her to leave you alone and block her!” Ella bursts out. “Why must I find out like this?”

“Geez Ella, will you calm down? I found out like this too!” Colin doesn’t see the big deal. “Don’t you have an ex that might talk to you?”

“I was kidnapped, remember?!?! I have no ex-boyfriends that can talk to me!” Ella yells from under the blanket.

Colin sighs. “Well I do, and this one kept my number… How is that my fault? Look, if you can’t be rational about this you can just stay here until you calm down. I’ll be in the living room. Just remember that I love you…”

Colin ruffles her hair and leaves her alone. He stares at the TV feeling frustrated at the injustice that's forced on him.

An hour later Ella has calmed down and quietly sits an arms length from Colin on the couch who is now reading his book.

“I’m sorry…” She quietly says.

“Don’t worry about it.” Colin says without looking up.

They sit quietly for a minute.

“That’s all you have to say? Don’t worry about it?” Ella wants to know.

“Yes.” He confirms. “I’m not upset. She’s not coming over and I’m not fucking her. So don’t worry about it.” He flips to the next page in his book.

“Promise?”

“Promise!”

The door buzzer sounds and Ella perks up. “That’s her!”

“It’s not…” Colin says disinterested and rolls his eyes.

Ella walks to the intercom and presses the button. “Yes?”

Jim’s voice comes over the speaker, “There is a woman here to see Mr. Spencer.”

Colin freezes mid page-turn.

“Not coming over huh!?” Ella shouts at him. And she storms into the bedroom again, slamming the door shut.

“Anyone there?” Comes Jim’s voice.

Colin sighs and quickly heads to the intercom and presses the talk button.

“Hey Jim, Colin here. Who is it? What does she want?”

“Oh right, Miss Bailey? Yes. She's here to see you about ehh…” A short pause, “Yell ads?”

Colin rolls his eyes. That must be the worst timing in the history of the world.

“A solicitor? Here? For fucks sake Jim! Please get rid of her!”

“Right away sir, sorry for the disturbance sir.” And the conversation ends.

Colin bursts into the bedroom and yanks the bedsheets from the bed, exposing his poor girlfriend and throwing them in the corner.

“It’s not her!” He shouts out at her. “Just a fucking solicitor from Yellow Pages! I told you she’s not coming! Now quit acting like a child and get over yourself!” And he walks out of the room, slamming the door shut behind him.

Ella doesn’t move and ignores him.

Colin is actually angry now, he’s so not in the mood for this nonsense.

When 4PM rolls around, he has a sudden craving for a blueberry muffin and tells Ella he’s going out to the bakery.

“Whatever…” Ella had mumbled. She had been sulking and thinking on their bed for the last few hours.

The fresh autumn air does him good. He briskly walks to the bakery and gets a box with 4 muffins, 2 blueberry and 2 chocolate for Ella.

He sits on a bench in the park enjoying his first muffin and wonders when Ella will act normal again. He has no experience with this kind of insecure behavior.

Licking crumbs of his hand and sucking the flavor out of the paper wrapper he sits there watching people for a while. Briefly wondering what Jennifer is doing. The silly cow with her stupid friends. He pushes Jennifer out of his head and thinks of Ella, how much cooler she is. But right now he's not really looking forward to seeing her either.

He sighs and slowly walks home.

When he steps through the door his home smells like dinner. Ella is busy in the kitchen. She’s making some kind of fancy garlic bread judging by the smell and the mess on the counter.

He says nothing but gives her a quick kiss on her cheek. The muffins go into the bread bin and he grabs his book again, plonking down on the couch.

When Ella is done preparing dinner she simply says “It’s ready,” and they sit across from each other, eating mostly in silence.

He compliments her cooking, Ella is a very good cook.

She has made a sort of flatbread with tomato and garlic, topped with shredded ham, a few olives and red and green bell pepper. It resembles a pizza, but it’s not. When dinner is finished she silently does the dishes while he continues his book. And she joins him on the couch, snuggling up against him.

He puts his arm around her and idly pinches her nose.

“Colin?”

“Yes Ella?”

“You know I love you right?”

“You sure didn’t show it today…” He quietly accuses her.

“I know… I’m sorry.” She admits fault.

“That’s alright. I got you chocolate muffins.”

“Thanks.”

Ella plays with his fingers and kisses his hand.

“I’ll sleep on the couch tonight, if you want?” She wonders.

“Why would I want that?”

“Because you’re upset with me?”

“I’m not Mi… mad… and even if I was, you belong at my side.” Colin says, correcting himself.

He almost referred to Mike, her evil kidnapper who would throw her in a basement as a punishment.

“Oh.” Ella feels all fuzzy in her stomach hearing his sweet words. She plays with his sleeve, plucking at it.

“Just ask me Ella.” Colin sighs.

“About what?” She feigns ignorance.

“Her…”

“You’re still talking to her?” She immediately asks.

“I didn’t even reply.”

“Is she in London?”

“In Welling, probably.”

“Oh. Why did you break up?”

“Because I saw you on TV…” He stretches his arm and feels the curve of her butt, tracing her waist and belly with his finger, back to her face.

“Oh… Really?” Ella sounds surprised. “Why?”

“Seeing you made me realize she’s not the one for me.” He smiles at her. “Was I wrong?”

Ella shakes her head no.

“Does she know about me?”

“She acted a little like you did today when she saw a draft of my email to you.”

“Oh… And then?”

“I don’t know. She left very angry and we didn’t see each other again.”

“That’s so mean.”

“Yeah I guess…” Colin mumbles.

“Did you love her?”

“I thought I did. At first.”

Ella nestles her head firmer against Colin.

“I’m better than her?”

“I think so.”

Ella smiles and is quiet for a moment.

“How?”

“She was just different. Talked a lot more. Always busy with friends and things. I dunno, in the end it wouldn’t have worked between us I’m sure. I’m way too much of an introvert for someone like her. Seeing you just made it clear to me.”

Ella says nothing for a few minutes.

"So it was love at first sight?"

"Seeing you? Yea I guess. If you believe in that stuff…" Colin confirms.

"What if I would not have replied to you?" She wonders.

"Do you think I would have left it at that?"

She shakes her head no.

"But what if I really didn't want to." She insists.

"I guess I would be here on my lonesome right now. Or maybe I'd be chasing girls in Cancun. Who knows." He sounds sad.

Ella giggles. She can't imagine Colin going after girls like that.

They're quiet for a while as Colin reads his book and strokes her hair. Ella plucks at his shirt again.

“Colin?”

“Yes, Ella?”

“Do you want to have a baby?”

He stops reading and looks at her.

“A baby?”

“Yes, a child.” Ella says.

“Maybe, some day…” He hesitates.

“Yea, me neither.” She knows he means 'no' when he hesitates like that. She thought about it all day and doesn’t want kids either. Not anytime soon anyway.

“Why not?” He asks.

“I’ll be a terrible mother.”

Colin ‘hmms’

“Maybe not?” He thinks.

“I think I would be.”

“Why do you think so?” He wants to know.

“Just look at me. I’m not good at anything. I can't even handle a day like today like a sane person.”

“Maybe your skill is to be a mother…” Colin jokes.

“Hmm… I don’t think so.” Ella thinks.

Ella yawns and changes position so her head is on his lap. Her head is nestled against his stomach as she looks up at her man.

After another pause she starts another line of inquiry, something she’s been thinking about for a while.

“Colin?”

“Yes Ella?”

“Do you want to get married?” She makes it sound innocent and simple as if she’s asking if he wants a cup of tea.

Colin finally stops reading and puts his book aside.

“You know I do… Ever since I met you…” He looks her in the eyes. “Yes!”

Ella feels his hard-on swell against the back of her head.

“Cool! Me too.” Ella casually says.

She gently pushes her head down. “Tomorrow?”

“I don’t know. But very soon.” He nervously smiles at her.

“OK!” Ella smiles with a yawn

He bends down and they kiss. “Love you babe!” He whispers at her.

“Love you too!”

After a few moments of silence he starts.

“Ella?”

But she’s asleep with a content smile on her face.

Colin checks his watch, sees it's rather early but slips out from under her, and carries his lover to bed. Ella sleeps peacefully for a few minutes as he fixes the bed, putting the sheets back on.

She wakes up and watches him work around her, she beckons for him to make love to her.

Without a word he undresses and joins her and pushes into her. He gently makes love to her for the next hour. Ella can't get enough of him and orgasms several times, gasping and moaning quietly as she squirms under him. Their lovemaking is quiet but intense today. When he goes for round 2 she moans a bit louder, into his hand as she covers her mouth with it. Colin scoops her up and they sit up while Ella bounces on him, riding him until he can't stand it any longer and cums deep inside his lover.

They have some of the most passionate sex in months. Ella loves the riding position and being held by the best guy in the world makes it all the more exciting for her.

When they lie breathing heavily next to each other catching their breaths, Ella claims it was the best sex ever.

"Damn straight!" Colin agrees.

#### **Epilogue**

They get married in Bristol 3 weeks later.

It takes them several weeks to get everything in order, mostly because the venue Colin likes is constantly booked. Plus finding the right dress turns out to be much more difficult than they thought.

In the end her mother helps Ella choose and they decide on a minimalistic white dress that works for Ella’s character. Her hair goes in a small bun with white roses tied into it.

Colin goes for a simple casual black suit with a neat, narrow tie.

For guests, they don’t know many people who they truly care about, so it’ll be a small ceremony.

Ella's parents are there of-course. A couple of police inspectors who helped with her rescue somehow found out about the big day. They're curious to see how she's doing and have come to wish Ella well. A couple of Ella’s new girlfriends and Colin's casual coffee friend attend. And finally Colin's father had shown up being as brooding and grumpy as ever.

Frank has to try really hard to keep his cool as he escorts Ella down the middle of the Council Chamber at the Bristol City hall venue. After the ceremony, Frank can't contain himself any longer and sits down with tears in his eyes. He sees Ella and Colin laugh together as Colin stumbles around with her in his arms as they joke and head for the exit.

For the past year and a half, and especially the first few months, he had been so busy protecting and worrying for his daughter that it had consumed his life. Today a huge load finally drops off his shoulders, seeing his mission completed.

Colin's dad has a drink and wishes his son well and leaves soon after. Colin and Ella don't get a decent chance to properly talk to him. Maybe one day she'll get to know him…

Colin has no hope for that.

Ella had remembered she still has that boring investment account, over the months it has accrued a few hundred pounds on top of Colin's 25,000. Ella decided to transfer the whole thing to her parents as a sort of reverse wedding gift. They can look at the daily deposits and enjoy the extra money for their retirement.

A thank you for all their care and love.

Colin had one-upped that idea and quadrupled the balance with another 75,000 and they set everything up with the bank in advance. After the ceremony Ella gives her dad her bank representative's business card. She urges him to go to the local branch with the card Ella gave him, to finalize the transfer as soon as possible. They’re just waiting for his signature.

She doesn’t tell him how much money is in there.

When all the official stuff is finished, they’re off to get ready at home. Colin has hired Jim the doorman for the afternoon. He'll drive them to the airport. They're going to the Philippines and on their way back travel through Italy, and finally back to London.

2 days later Ella stretches out in bed with a happy groan as she wakes up in a resort on Boracay Island in the Philippines. Colin sits in the morning sun in his swimming trunks.

When he hears her wake up he looks over his shoulder at her with his cute smile.

She is super looking forward to the rest of her life.

~~ End ~~
