---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/smoking_issues5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Smoking Issues 5
authors:
- Mumman
tags:
- FF/m
- bond
- wrap
- tape
- gag
- smoking
- tease
- toys
- chast
- catheter
- denial
- mast
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2015-04-06 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Smoking Issues 4**](smoking_issues4.html))

**Part 5**

He lay there half-dozing in exhaustion in his severe overnight mummification, his lower back aching, along with a dull headache, his pulse pounding in his earplugged, wrapped-down head. He sighs and groans in his super-tight, rigid immobility, having had way more than enough of this. She has forced him way beyond what he could reasonably endure physiologically, if he were to have any say over it, and this has gone into the realm of serious torture. His cock and balls are trapped in the small, tight tubular stainless steel chastity device and crushed down by the tight wrap and tape. He has thought all night about getting her locked into her chastity device that the devious Angela had told him about. Suddenly his small breathing hole through the duct-tape over his hard round 2” PVC gag is covered and he vocalizes in surprise and also relief that this hellish ordeal is nearing the end at last.

“Good morning, Mummy-man!” says Kira cheerfully. “I trust you’ve not slept well??” She keeps her hand on his air opening as he moans and tenses. Finally, she removes her hand and he takes an urgent breath, full of cigarette smoke blown from her mouth! He coughs and tries to cut the breath short, but she is blowing a steady stream of it directly into the breathing hole. He has to breathe it in and goes into a coughing/choking fit.

“Time for your morning smoke, hon!” she hollers, and takes another drag, exhaling at his tube. He hollers and chokes in protest but she just cackles sadistically. Now Angela gets in on the act, blowing her smoke at him with her hand on his forehead, as he realizes that she is there. He shakes and strains and coughs in misery, but strangely enough, his cock is getting quite hard in its tight sheath. They watch him for a little while, giving him a break, before Kira decides to stick her cigarette right in the small duct-tape hole, causing a spasmodic choking fit in the non-smoker. His nose is completely covered-up, so this is his worse-case scenario. She lets him take a couple “tokes” before removing it, enjoying his severe coughing distress and hollering.

“Just getting your day off to the right start, Kevin!” she smirks. “Nearly 16 hours like that! You were a good, quiet boy! I had a good sleep! You’ve paid your penance now, so I’ll let you out!” She snips around his catheterized, chastitized cock carefully while “nurse” Angela disconnects the urine tube to the full piss-bag, quickly putting the stopper into his cath-tube to prevent any leakage. He moans and coughs while she pats his trapped cock, saying “MY cock, MY cock!” He knows he’s in the hands of a dangerous woman, but she has cast a spell on him. He’d love to fuck the shit out of her right now. But now, he can’t even fuck!

She cuts along the edge of the narrow padded body-bench through the tight, thick layers of stretch-wrap and duct-tape as he eagerly looks forward to his release. His joints and back are sore from the long immobilization and it will take him awhile to get moving. Finally they peel it all off of him and he sighs in huge relief, beginning to bend his arms and legs. Kira removes his gag-piece and he works his sore jaw. He tries to sit up, but can’t without aid. Angela grabs his sock-sheathed hands and slowly helps him into a sitting position, his lower back killing him. He feels light-headed and high from the ordeal and from the smoke inhalation. What a sight to wake up to he marvels, as he admires her beautiful face and big boobs as he sits up. She is wearing only her black thong undies. A naked Kira undoes his high neck-collar and he slowly moves his head back and forth and up and down.

“Thirsty, dear?” asks Kira sweetly. He nods. “Hungry?”

“Oh yeah” he croaks, and coughs. “Are you trying to kill me with that damn smoke??”

They just smile at him and Angela grabs the piss bag to get rid of it and to go get some water for him. Instinctively his hand goes to his encased cock and he paws at it through the layers of stockings and tube-socks, feeling no sensation but a hardening within the tight tube. He notices the capped-off invasive catheter hanging out from the opening of it.   He moans.

“We’ll get that catheter out sometime later, dear” she says sweetly. “I like how that tube looks there, just the right diameter for the piss-hole! And that device stays on, of course!” A low growl. Angela puts a large cup of water in his sock-encased mitts and he drinks greedily, dribbling some on himself. He is done in short order and burps. Kira takes the cup and he holds out his arms expectantly for her to peel off the socks & stockings. Her response is to smile and grab a roll of duct-tape. “Oh, no, sweetie. Put your hands and arms together!”

“Kira, this isn’t nec--”

“Oh yes it is necessary, Kevin!” she hollers sternly, her demeanor changing in an instant. Angela grabs his arms to put them together and he sighs resignedly as Kira begins tightly winding the silver tape around his wrists. Up his forearms she goes, smoothly and tautly overlapping the tape, crushing his elbows together and finishing over half-way up his biceps to the tops of the tube-socks as a smile creeps onto her face. She tears the tape off with a flourish and tears off strips to fill in the gap between his upper arms, smoothing it down firmly front-to-back as he moans at her thoroughness. She then tightly, solidly winds the tape around his hands and goes back up over his wrists and forearms again, smoothing it all down meticulously. She smooths down strips to cover the fingertips up too. His pulsing hands and arms have become one, entirely encased in tight duct-tape. He sighs and his cock gets painfully hard in its steel prison, keeping it in its strict downward-angled grip against his ballsack.

“Let me help you up and get to the potty now!” she smiles, slowly pulling him up by his wrists as he groans in pain, and guides him toward the bathroom unsteadily, his joints stiff and sore and his head spinning in a nicotine haze. He plops down on the toilet carefully and feels a burning sensation in his bladder and penis. She reaches down and removes the stopper from the catheter, releasing a quick, hot spurt of piss.

“Do your business now, and then into the shower! And while you’re sitting there…” she says as she runs into the living room, “…you’re gonna have a smoke!”, as she returns with her menthol cigarettes and lighter.

“No, please, Kira--” he says, but she pulls one out with a stern, admonishing look.

“Look, Kevin, you have no choice!” she hollers as she pushes it toward his reluctant, clamped mouth. Her beautiful blue eyes are ablaze with resolute stubborn determination. She stares him down as he groans, coughs and parts his lips to accept the hated cigarette. He’s never done this before! He presses the filter between his lips as she flicks the lighter, lighting it with a smirk of triumph.

“Now, smoke it! I mean, REALLY smoke it, boy!” He can’t believe he’s doing this as he sucks on it and inhales the noxious smoke into his tired, burning lungs, coughing and choking immediately on it, wanting to spit the damn cigarette out of his mouth. “Don’t drop it, Kevin! If you do, you’ll be really sorry!” He coughs, grimaces and nods, expelling the offending smoke through his nose and mouth as she watches, smiling triumphantly. “Smoke it good! Inhale! You’re a smoker now, my dear!” He takes another forced toke and inhales, with the predictable results.

She shuts the bathroom door opposite the toilet and he sees himself sitting there in the mirror helplessly armbound with the disgusting cigarette in his mouth, smoke around his head, coughing and wheezing. His mouth is dry and tastes like an ashtray, his throat, lungs and sinuses are irritated, his eyes are watering, his hair is a mess and he feels nauseous. He’s never felt so defeated, controlled, humiliated, miserable and disgusted.

“Now look at yourself smoking. I think it’s so sexy!” she giggles. He shakes his head and moans miserably in disbelief and revulsion at the mirrored image in front of him. She lights one herself and begins brushing her thick black hair at the medicine cabinet mirror, leaving it stuck in her mouth. She looks at him in the mirror and winks. The small bathroom quickly fills up with smoke, and he has a bowel movement, adding to his nausea. His intubated urethra burns.

He coughs, keeping a good lip-grip on the cigarette, his head spinning, watching her in her naked, tattooed, sexy splendor. He’d like to grab her perfect round ass and fuck the shit out of her from behind. “I’m so fucked!” he thinks. “Every which way!” His imprisoned, locked cock is painfully throbbing in its tight, cruelly short stainless-steel prison and his scrotum burns at the base in the squeeze of the super-tight steel cock-ring. He moans as smoke gets into his eyes and nose, and coughs as he breathes more in. He finishes his crap and more piss dribbles out of the cath-tube.

“Kira, can I have another drink of water?” he croaks.

“Well, finish that smoke, and I’ll give you a drink, dear.” she says sweetly. “Smoke it good! Feel that high!” She watches as he reluctantly takes more drags, inhaling, wheezing and coughing. He feels high as a kite, like he’s stoned out of his gourd. He has to acknowledge that this part of it isn’t all that bad, but he knows the insidious addictive allure of nicotine and tobacco, which is why he’s stayed away from it, along with not wanting to do harm to his lungs. His besieged, polluted lungs were really protesting now!

The tiny room is sickeningly dense with smoke. “Kira, could you turn on the exhaust fan, please?” he begs.

“No, sorry, darling” she smirks, inhaling deeply and blowing smoke at him. “Now finish up your cigarette, dear. Finished with your stinky business there?”

“Yeah” he coughs.

She sticks her cigarette back in her mouth and pours warm water into a squirt-bottle. “Bend forward.” She squirts it down his ass-crack, emptying the bottle to clean him off.

“What a sight” he thinks in dismay, regarding himself in the long mirror on the door, through the smoky haze, his sock-sheathed arms and hands tightly crushed together, hanging uselessly between his legs in silver solid duct-tape, leaning forward on the toilet, the disgusting half-smoked cigarette in his mouth, hair all disheveled, his steel-entrapped catheterized cock pressed under the toilet seat, while she in her nude glory is bent over, squirting water on his ass. Again, he wanted to drop the damn cigarette. He coughed.

“We’ll finish our smokes now, then jump into the shower with Angela” she smiled. She watches as he takes another puff, coughing and feeling about ready to faint and puke. The beautiful, voluptuous Angela came in, smoking, of course, and smiled at them. She removed her skimpy thong underwear and turned on the shower. His cigarette is finally smoked about down to the filter and Kira took it from his mouth, dropping it into the toilet along with hers. Angela followed suit, and they both pulled him up. He felt so weak and light-headed that he could barely stand.

They cap off the catheter and help him step into the hot shower, following him into the tub, pulling the shower curtain. It felt great, as the hot water pelted upon him, running off of his head, shoulders and tape-sealed arms. He turned around and Kira took his place under the shower-head as his uni-arms poked at Angela. She smiled and grabbed his wrists, putting his sealed, smoothly-taped hands between her moistened, wet crotch that she had splashed water onto. She rubbed against them rhythmically, keeping a tight grip on his wrists. She sighed and smiled big at him, in rising excitement. Kira turned around and grabbed him around his waist, squeezing him tightly as she made humping motions against his rear. He was very turned-on, ready to fuck, but helpless to do anything about it with the infernal device rendering him impotent and in extreme discomfort. Angela made a wonderful sound as his hands rubbed her to climax as she ground down upon them, and she shuddered. She grinned and pivoted around him into the water spray, as Kira moved to take her place. Now it was her turn. She rubbed upon his taped hands urgently while Angela pinched his nipples, gripping his wrists firmly, against her soapy wet pussy, sighing, cooing and getting off in very short order.

Of course this was driving him nuts. In his tired, nicotine haze, he wondered briefly if this was a crazy dream, or a nightmare. Here he was in the shower with two of the hottest bitches he had ever seen, getting them off, while all he got was hot, frustrated and soapy, as they lathered and washed him, alternately getting soaped and rinsed-off. Kira shut off the shower and they dried him off in the tub, taking care to linger at his trapped, helplessly throbbing steel-shrouded cock and trapped balls, flicking the catheter and making him crazy. She smiled sadistically at him. They were enjoying his frustration and torment immensely.

Kira dried off as Angels did, and she grabbed his chastitized cock, shaking it vigorously. “MINE, Kevin, mine!” she grinned. “Now, let’s go eat!” He was too tired and frustrated to think of anything to say. The truth rang in her words though, and he was feeling more and more helplessly in her control. His would-be raging erection was completely contained and nullified by the device painfully constricting him. He moaned miserably.

Off to the kitchen they went, Kira leading him by his useless taped-up arms, to eat the cooled-off scrambled eggs and sausage patties Angela had prepared earlier. He was starving and quiet and ravenous as they fed him and gave him sips of coffee and juice. This enforced captivity was really fucking with his head. He was starting to think he liked it. Well, certain aspects of it. He was a hardcore bondage freak, and she had promised to let him have his turn with her today. This little smoky bitch was some kind of a witch, he thought, along with her incredibly sexy friend.

He thought of getting back at Kira in many devious ways, especially getting her locked into her own chastity device that Angela had confidentially told him about, using that as leverage to get himself unlocked from his perhaps. He thought that more than anything right now, though, he needed sleep after breakfast, as he had barely dozed-off overnight a few times for very short periods in his severe mummification. “If this damn nicotine high wears off”, he thought. He thought about his cellphone. Maybe his brother or someone had tried to get in touch with him. Kira gave him another sip of coffee and Angela finished, saying it was time for her to get ready to dress and get going soon.

“Hey, dear”, he said to Kira, accenting the “dear” in a sarcastic tone, “where’s my cellphone?”

“I’ll get it, dear” she cooed in kind. “I had shut it off last night.” She came back and turned it on for him, lighting a cigarette.

“Uh, when are you gonna free my arms, honey??” he asked, in mock sweetness.

“Oh, when I feel like it, sweetness” she said, blowing smoke at him, keeping the game up. The phone came on, and buzzed, signifying a message or messages. “Looks like a couple of text messages, dear.” She pressed the messaging keys. “Let’s see…”

“Let me see, Kira” he said impatiently.

She closed the hinged phone and shoved it over to him. “OK, open it, punch the keys and see.”

He looked at the closed phone, at his completely useless tightly taped-together hands, and at her helplessly. She smirked.

“Well, Kevin??” She sipped her coffee with her cigarette in hand, coyly watching him. Staring into those beautiful, playful, smoky blue eyes, her long dark eyelashes batting at her long black bangs, he was entranced. He smirked and nodded for her to take the phone back.

She smiled, reached over, took it and opened it again, hitting the keys. “Who’s Bob?”

“My brother. What’s he say?”

“ ‘Hey, bro, what it is?’ Then, ‘Where you at??’ Cool. What you say, Bro? What it is, man?? Haha!”

“Tell him I’ve been abducted by a crazy, sexy control-freak lady.”

“OK.” She smiled and hit the buttons on the keyboard pad. She typed out the message, but seemed to be elaborating, with the length of time she took, and the amount of beeps emitting from the keypad. She was smirking, and took another long drag. Finally she finished and sent the text.

“What all did you text him??”

“Oh, that you’ve been abducted by a super-sexy, gorgeous, amazing woman and that you’re having the weekend of your life, ‘Bro’!” she smiled.

“Well, Kira, no denying that!” he chuckled. “What about the ‘control-freak’ part?”

“ME???” she said in mock indignation. They laughed. “And I said you may not be at your place for a few days, as you’re so crazy about me and shackin’ up, and you may be pretty incommunicado.”

“You did??”

“Yes. Seein’ as you’re on unemployment, I don’t see as you have anywhere else more important to be, my dear!” she grinned, raising her eyebrows beneath her bangs.

He sighed, and coughed. “Oh, Kira…”

“Oh, Kevin.” she interrupted. “I’m keepin’ you here for awhile, to get you properly trained! You’re mine, and so’s your cock! Hehe! And I’ve got your car here, and you have no pets to feed. I’m trainin’ you, boy! YOUR SEXY ASS IS MINE!”

“But Kira, I’ll have to--”

“You’ll have to NOTHIN’, Kevin!!” she hollered. “What did I say about resistance?!?”

“Uh, that it’s futile, but--”

“BUT NOTHIN’!!!” She slapped the table hard and jumped up out of her chair, almost knocking it over and took a hard drag, spewing smoke at him, that crazy look in her eyes. “Not another word now about it!!! Don’t get me goin’ or you’ll be real sorry!!” Angela came out, half-dressed, to make sure everything was all right.

“Oh shit, here we go again…” he thought. He was in no position to argue or do anything about it for now, and sure didn’t want to get her going, with her temper and temperament. “OK DEAR,” he hollered, “OK!”

She went behind his chair, nodding to Angela, and locked her arms around his neck, squeezing a little too tightly, making him nervous. She bit his ear a little bit too hard and he winced. He raised his bound arms up under the table, but could do nothing. Then she began licking inside of his ear, soon probing into his ear canal, driving him nuts, as she kept the tight grip-lock on his neck, her cigarette smoke going into his face. “You be a good boy,” she whispered/hissed into his wet ear “and I’ll be nice. You be nice and cooperative and agreeable, and I’ll keep my end of the bargain up today for you to have your turn with me later, as promised. And you’d better not hurt me or try ANYTHING funny, Kevin. You’d just better not, because besides Angela, I have some pretty rough friends you wouldn’t wanna have to get acquainted with…” She squeezed his neck harder for emphasis and he could feel his throat constricting and face turning red.

He murmured in agreement through clenched teeth, and she gradually lightened up the choke-hold. Angela went back to getting dressed. She let go and came to his side, taking a deep drag and spewing the smoke in his face. A sudden big smile lit up her face. “Let’s have no further misunderstandings, dear”, she said calmly, her whole demeanor changed. “Stay right there, I’ll be back in a minute. Hold my cigarette for me.” She stuck it between his reluctant lips and he moaned and coughed. Her words resonated in his head to not try anything funny as he thought about getting her locked-up in her “hidden” chastity device that Angela had told him about overnight. He shuddered as smoke went up his nose and his eyes watered.

He heard them talking in back and in a couple minutes she returned with Angela. She was wearing the stainless steel chastity device! He looked at her in shock, then at the smirking Angela, who gave him a sly wink. The bitch had betrayed him! He almost dropped the burned-down butt in his mouth and choked a bit as he inhaled sharply.

“Angela thought that it was only fair that I be locked up too for our playtime. So we’re both screwed, Kevin. But you more-so than me, because Angie-baby was considerate enough to insert a big nubby dildo in my pussy that presses on my clitty too and feels delicious!” She and Angela smiled at each other. Kira emphasized her point by lowering herself and grinding her hips sexually, smiling at Kevin.

She kept it up as Angela said “That’s right, Kevin, fair is fair, but more fair for her, hehe!” Kevin was pissed that she had taken his get-even plan away from him, after she had given it to him last night! He was going to lock her up in the device himself, denying her stimulation and tease the hell out of her. Angela could see how incensed he was and gave him a sadistic chuckle. This evil pair was driving him nuts! Kira was grinding determinedly, pressing her fingers on the tight crotch-plate, cooing in her arousal, staring at Kevin as he turned red and spat out the burned-out cigarette. She just kept up her gyrations, moaning louder in sexual arousal until she climaxed, shuddering and dropping to her knees. Her show excited him and his trapped cathed cock, in spite of himself.

Angela grinned. She sternly warned him not to hurt Kira or do anything stupid or he’d be in big trouble from their mutual friends, as well as staying locked in chastity for the foreseeable future, reminding him the keys were not there, but in a very safe place off-premises. She snatched up his cell phone in dramatic fashion and put it in her purse. “I have Kira’s phone too, so you can’t call anyone. The computer is off and without the password you have no internet access. Now this is serious, Kevin. You be good and don’t try anything funny like running off. You and her are a very good match and have many fun times ahead. She is very fond of you, and I of her. She’s my girl, so don’t hurt her – too much –haha!”

Kira went over to Kevin and began stroking his hair and beard. “Yes, Kevin, I am very fond of you” she cooed. “You are a fun and sexy boy. I do love your cock but you must learn patience, discipline and restraint now for a while, locked up in your device. It is ultimately for your own good. You will see. I want-” He began to interrupt but she shushed him loudly. “I want your love and service and devotion. Yes, love, Kevin. We are really two of a kind and it is fate or kismet that we met! You will want me and want to please me more and more as the weeks go by with your cock locked-“

“As weeks go by?!? Kira, I-”

“SHUSH!! You’ll also learn not to interrupt me when I’m talking! Yes, with your cock locked up, you will think more about pleasing **me**, and less about just pleasing and pleasuring yourself selfishly, like all men do. You’ll see. You’ll be re-conditioned to think of me ahead of your selfish wants and desires. You’ll be horny all the time, and your release will depend on how good a chastity boy you are being in service to me. And you’ll thank me. This is all new and very sudden for you, I know.”

She slithered onto his lap, moving his tightly-bound arms aside and caressing his cheek. “I’m doing this because I really want this to work, honey. I need commitment from you. Dedication. Devotion. Consideration. Love. I want to be your Goddess, to be worshipped. And you’ll get lots of bondage!” Her big blue eyes shone with such love, radiance and earnestness, boring into him with such intensity as to touch his very soul and set his heart aflutter. His mind was a whirlwind of mixed thoughts and emotions as he stared into the entrancing eyes of the most beautiful, sexy woman he had ever met. And the craziest. And the most fun and interesting. And the most controlling and demanding.

His heart was pounding and his cock stirred in its tight steel prison. She had certainly cast a spell on him, and he wondered if she was a witch. He thought of what he could be getting himself in for. He thought of his poor cock being locked up most of the time for long periods, what it would do to him—He thought of her smoking and all the damn smoke—He thought of her abrupt mood swings—He thought of the great bondage—and the torture-- He thought he was going crazy as he stared into her beautiful, pleading, piercing eyes—just staring as she waited for his answer. How could he say no to her? How could he say yes? His cock was throbbing.

He finally cleared his dry throat, and said “Oh, Kira. What you do to me…” She stared at him expectantly, her eyes wide. “How can I…” Those eyes… “You are casting a spell on me. You are some kind of witch.” Her expression softened and her eyes gleamed. “How the fuck could I say no to you?? For better or worse--” He smiled in resignation at her. She beamed and threw her arms around his neck, with his arms crushed helplessly together. How appropriate, he thought. He had crossed into the insanity zone, he knew.

“Oh Kevin!” she gushed. “I just knew you had to be mine! All mine!!” She hugged him tightly, rocking back and forth. Yeah, my cock too, he thought sardonically. Angela was smiling. He felt like a fly caught in a spider web. He felt happy and confused. He realized what a masochist he really was. “I love you Kevin!” She looked so happy and beautiful. He knew he had to say it.

“I love you too Kira.” She kissed him hard, with heavy passion, her tongue darting hard inside his mouth. He returned the passion and they kissed for a long time, her hands messing his hair. He wanted to return the embrace. He wanted to fuck her. He tried to move his crushed-together arms and hands and his tumescent, catheterized cock wanted to burst its tight, painful stainless steel confines. He moaned in lust and frustration. She moaned happily back.

“Well, OK, lovebirds!” said Angela. “I’m so happy for you!” She hugged and kissed Kira and hugged Kevin. “I’ve gotta go! Have fun! See you later!” They bid her adieu and off she went. Kira put her forehead on his and crossed her arms behind his head, staring into his eyes with a sweet, sexy smile. She patted the cruel device that agonizingly contained his throbbing manhood, knowing he wanted to fuck her desperately. The shiny steel pulsed with his lustful urgency. He groaned in need.

“My cock”, she said. He looked at her pleadingly. She smiled and kissed him on the forehead. “You’ll see, sweetie. This is for your own good—and ours. You will become so devoted, attentive and obedient to me. Your reward will be getting lots of bondage, and putting me in bondage sometimes! The hard part will be you getting all excited, stuck in that little chastity device. But everything will be leading up to the big reward when I finally unlock you and allow you to cum! It will be so hot! You’ll be so horny, so willing to do anything to please me and make me happy…” She smiled at him. There was a strange kind of logic to what she was saying. His other pulsing head was not in agreement. His brain was going through convulsions right now, reeling with thoughts of what was to come with her: Obedience? How long will she keep me in lock-up? When will it ever end? Will I only be able to cum like every month or two? How can I and my libido handle it? What about all her smoke and forced smoking? What about my sanity? He felt tired, conflicted and exhausted, but nonetheless excited too.

“I guess we’re both crazy enough to make this work, Kira.” He said. “You’ve definitely got a hold on me, in more ways than one!” He gestured with his bound arms and looked at his cock. She smiled happily.

“Yes, Kevin. I’ve got you by the balls! Teehee! You’re all mine! And I’m yours! Now, whose cock is that??” She smirked impishly at him.

“Uh, yours, dear”, he said reluctantly, having to acknowledge the fact now. She beamed and gave him a hug. He loved to see her happy, but at what expense to him, and oh, how quickly she could change! He saw the trap he was in, having been lured into her lair and into her game. But now it was more than a game. It was very real and serious.

“You know, I do love your cock, dear, er, my cock,” she said, giggling. “I like how you fuck me. You can still fuck me a lot though, Kevin, with my favorite big strap-on cock strapped on you above the device!” He made a disapproving moan. “You can fuck the shit out of me for a long time and stay hard all the time! Haha! It will be so **hot**!! It’s all about pleasuring **me** now, and discipline, denial and simmering horniness for you. Your pleasure will come in due time, honey.” She smiled broadly.

He sighed. She was clearly in control of him and loving it. This was like a fantasy he’d had for a long time, to have a hot woman put him in bondage and dominate him, but he never bargained for such a control-freak, schizoid woman as this.

“It will be, uh, interesting, Kira. Can you give me any idea of how long you might keep me locked up, if you don’t mind my asking?” He shifted uncomfortably in the chair. So did she on his lap, in her tight stainless steel chastity belt.

“You can ask this one time, Kevin, and one time only. The answer is as long as it takes, as long as I deem necessary and appropriate.” He gulped. “You have to go through a conditioning and acceptance process. I will tell you now though that if you are a good chastity lover boy, we’re looking at a month in lock-up for phase one.” She said matter-of-factly. “Phase two, who knows? Phase three??...” She shrugged and gestured with her hand.

He swallowed hard again, nodding slowly. “I see…”

“You will see, it is really for your own good! And the good of our relationship! Oh, Kevin, this will be wonderful!” She hugged him again. “And lots of bondage for you! Your fantasy!” Not exactly, he thought.

“Mmmm, whatever you say, dear.”

“That’s what I want to hear, dear!” Another big hug.

His tightly taped together arms and hands were throbbing, and his cock. “Could you please cut my arms loose now, dear?” This ‘dear’ thing was making him nauseous.

“Since you ask so nicely, dear…no! I told you I’d do it when I felt like it. Not when you feel like it.”

God, such a control freak, he thought. “About this darn catheter--”

“Oh my god, Angela was supposed to remove it!”

“Well, it’s pretty simple. You put the syringe into the stem and suck out the water to the balloon holding it in my bladder, and then you slowly pull it out.”

“Never messed with one, but guess I could do that. Have you seen the syringe?”

“No. Let’s look.”

Across town, Angela was smiling as she drove off for the day, with the catheter syringe in her purse. They would have to get the empty piss collection bag that she had draped on the bathroom tub and hook him up to it until she returned later in the evening, rather than keeping the stopper plug in the catheter. She kept smiling about having the key to Kira’s chastity belt in her purse also. Kira didn’t know that she was going to be locked in the tight uncomfortable device for a few days.

And she smiled about foiling Kevin’s plan that she had given him to put Kira in the device, sans dildo, of course, to tease and deny her orgasms in bondage. The look on his face was priceless when they came out and he saw her locked in it, and that she could still achieve orgasms. She chuckled. She was very happy that Kevin had fallen into Kira’s trap and was now locked up and committed to her best friend. And she had their cellphones to keep them incommunicado. Although Kira could still e-mail her if necessary. A very good day, she thought.

More to come…

Mumman
