---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiessz/selfstorage.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Self Storage
authors:
- Hungry Guy
tags:
- M/f+
- latex
- catsuit
- hood
- mask
- shackles
- frame
- bond
- encased
- entombed
- stored
- submerged
- tubes
- stuck
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-08-12 00:00:00
---

Harry walked into his storage room, actually the 3rd bedroom of his sprawling one-story house in a suburban neighborhood. The room was sparsely furnished, containing only an antique divan and a small desk. A step ladder and several moving storage boxes were piled in one corner.
He leaned over the desk and ran his finger down an open calendar to the month of April. His finger stopped on a Saturday in the middle of the month. The note "OUT 3" and "OUT 5" were scrawled on that day. Harry glanced at his watch and said, "Today."

He walked to the far end of the smallish bedroom and picked up a corner of the wall-to-wall carpeting. With a bit of an effort, he rolled it up to the feet of the desk. The sub-floor was made of plain 4 by 8 plywood panels, but there was a pattern of reddish-brown metal plates, like small manhole covers, each about 2 feet in diameter, in a 2 by 3 grid embedded in the floor. Each was stenciled with a white number from 1 to 6.

Reaching under the desk, he removed small electric winch containing a spool of steel cable. Setting up the ladder above plate number 3, he climbed up and hung the winch from one of six metal hooks embedded in the ceiling directly above each of the plates. Releasing the catch on the winch, he pulled the cable down and climbed down the ladder. Screwed an eye bolt into the center of the place and attached the hook at the end of the cable to it.

Setting the ladder aside, he plugged the winch in an outlet and pressed a button on a control box on the cord. The winch buzzed and, very slowly, raised the plate out of the floor.
As the plate rose, four metal rods descended from underneath the plate and disappeared into water in the cylinder below the plate. As the mechanism continued to rise, a shiny round black object broke through the surface of the water in the center of the four rods.

The object eventually took the appearance of a human head, completely encased in black latex, and with a mouthpiece over where the person's mouth would be. Two thick, and two thin, plastic hoses attached to the mouthpiece hung limply from the mouthpiece and passed through the wall of the cylinder just above the water level.

Eventually, the full human form was lifted out of the water, completely encased in shiny black latex, and standing on another plate attached to the bottom of those four rods.

The person, if that's what it was, was held rigidly still be a number of cross beams that formed metal rings tightly around the person's neck, chest, waist, and pairs of shackles around the person's thighs and ankles, and around the person's arms and wrists. Thus, the person was held totally rigid, without a fraction of an inch of give anywhere.

Harry then used a wrench to loosen a number of bolts, and the rings and manacles all swung open. The woman immediately fell limply into Harry's arms. He carried the limp, sobbing female form over to the divan and unzipped the latex body suit from behind. He pulled the hood part off of her head to reveal a young, attractive woman. The hoses and the breathing cup dangled from the face of the hood.

"Ow!" she moaned. "The brightness hurts my eyes."

Harry quickly stood and dimmed the lights in the already dimly lit room.

"That better?" he asked.

"A little," she sobbed.

He then unzipped the suit the rest of the way and peeled it off her, revealing her slender nude body.

"Can you stand?" he asked.

"Maybe," she said and tried to stand, wobbled, and fell backward onto the divan. "I don't have the strength to stand," she sobbed.

"You were in storage for two weeks," said Harry. "It'll take a while to get your strength back."

"I hope so," she said with a feeble smile.

"So what did you think of the experience?" he asked.

"Awful!" she said. "The first hour or so, it felt good. But after a while, it got boring. I thought I was going insane after a few days. But I couldn't tell how many days had gone by. Every time I heard a bump or noise, I prayed that my two weeks was up and you were going to let me out. But then nothing happened. I wanted to die."

"Well," said Harry, "You're alive and well, and it's all over. Unless you want to do it again."

"No way!" she screeched. After a moment, she laughed and continued. "Anyone else being released today?"

"Yeah," said Harry. "One. I'll do her next. I also have one down there who wants to be in for two months! She still has a month to go. Can you believe it?"

"Two months?" she gasped. "Shit! Well I'm glad you took me out first. And I am so sick of sucking liquified baby food from a tube. On my way home, I'm going to pig out at the first restaurant I come to."

"Then I'll get your suitcase out of the closet here and leave you to get dressed now..." said Harry as he started to stand.

She grabbed his wrist quickly and pulled him back down. "After two weeks of total isolation, food isn't the only thing I'm craving right now. I don't normally come on to guys, but you wouldn't believe how madly horny I am right now."

Harry smiled. "That's not an unusual reaction when someone comes out of storage after more than just a day or two. But I do have someone else waiting to come out next today."

"Fuck her!" she said. "I mean, fuck me. Please!"

Harry leaned into her and pressed his mouth to hers. Her lips welcomed his probing tongue as he pulled her down onto the divan. She reached down and tugged on his shirt as they kissed, so he sat up and pulled his shirt up over his head and tossed it aside. He quickly unbuckled his jeans and kicked them off, and lay back down next to her.

He licked her face and nibbled on her ears as she cooed, then crawled down her torso. She had on hand on his shoulder, and one hand on her pussy as he asked, "Do you like you nipples sucked?"

"What woman doesn't?" she asked.

Harry crawled down her torso and put one of her nipples to his mouth. He sucked it for several minutes until she rolled her body and said, "The other one." He complied and sucked her other nipple for some time, evoking numerous groans and moans from her lips, before continuing his trek down her body.

He crawled down to her crotch and settled in between her legs. "Do you like having your pussy sucked?"

"I love that," she moaned. "Eat me! Make me cum with your mouth!"

He pressed his lips to her crotch and pressed his tongue in between her pussy lips. Licking up her wetness, he slid his tongue up and down several times.

"My clit!" she moaned. "Stop teasing me! Just go to my clit!"

Harry complied and found the tiny nub. He sucked it in between his lisp lips with the full strength of his breath.

"Oh yes!" she screamed as his suction drew her female juices into his mouth. He continued sucking hard, sliding her clit in and out of hims mouth with his breath, again and again, until she started bucking wildly to the rhythm he had established. He struggled to maintain the motion without pause while swallowing mouthfuls of pussy juice.

"Oh!" she finally cried as her orgasm subsided. "That's enough! I can't take it any more!"

Harry released his suction grip on her wet swollen clit and crawled up on her once again.

"You're sated now?" he asked.

"Just one more thing," she said with a grin as she reached down and grabbed his cock and pulled it to her.

"I better put a rubber on," he whispered as he started to back off.

She tightened her grip on his cock. "No! I hate those things."

"Then you want to blow me?"

"I'd rather you put it in me where it goes," she cooed. "I need it so bad. I'm the one taking the risk, okay?"

Harry couldn't argue with that, so he lowered his hips and entered her as she steered him in with her fingers. As he started to thrust, she grabbed the back of his head and pulled his mouth to hers for a deep kiss. His orgasm was on a hair trigger after having sucked her pussy, and he exploded into her not long after he started thrusting. Wave after wave of pleasure squirted deep inside her as he lay upon her, swapping spit together. Once spent, he rolled to the side, where they cuddled in the warm afterglow.

"So what will you do next for thrills?" he asked as they held each other.

"Return to work Monday," she said. "After that, who knows. Some porn writer is advertising for women to be his Cum Sponge for a day. I might give that a try, but he lives out near New York and I just used up my two weeks' vacation. So who knows when I'll be able to?"

Harry laughed. "I hope you don't have a gag reflex."

"I have a terrible gag reflex," she said with a grin. "That's what makes it all the more daring."

They cuddled and kissed a while longer, then she pulled away. "Thanks Harry. I thing I should be getting along now. I'm so sick of baby food, and so hungry I could eat two T-bone steaks right now."

"I'll get your bag," said Harry. He stood and removed a suitcase from the closet with a tag numbered 3. "This one yours?"

"Yup!" she said. "Can a lady have some privacy now?"

Harry grinned and bowed and left the room. A few moments later, she stepped into the kitchen with her empty luggage.

"Thanks again, Harry," she said, and gave him a quick kiss. Then she walked out the door.

\*\*\*\*

\_>Hi Karen!\_ the email from my best friend began.

\_>Why didn't you come to our cookout yesterday? That cute guy was asking about you again! --Beth\_

I ignored it for now. Cute guy or not, if he wasn't willing to entomb me alive in a crypt in his back yard or something, and then forget I ever existed, I wasn't interested. Instead, I started googling around the web, searching for anything related to my fetish--stories, pictures, especially videos. But there was so little available for this particular fetish. The best I've been able to find were some erotic stories some guy had written about a victim named Mindy. All the grizzly ways that Mindy had been tortured, killed, and entombed with no chance of escape for the rest of her life made me so wet. Oh, how I wish I was Mindy living in one of that guy's stories.

Then I came across something on some fetish site like alt.com or slavefarm.com or maybe it was fetlife.com, but I hadn't seen before. His ad said that he puts people into "storage" for as long as they want. There was even a short video with a series of clips edited together of him putting a latex body suit on some woman, and then shackling her into some kind of frame, hooking up some hoses and feeding tubes to her mouth, and then lowering the frame with her in it into some sort of pit full of water. The ad said that all the women in storage breathe through those tubes, and eat liquified baby food through a tube from a central tank of baby food. Once put in storage, they remain there without break until their requested release date.

My panties were soaked more thoroughly than they have ever been before. I wondered if this could really be for real. I sure hoped so!

I wondered if there was a catch, so I continued reading. There was no catch, but he had a fee of sorts. I'd have to spend the night with him before going into storage. Shit! Then again, I figured that might have been good for me. Had he wanted money instead of sex, I'd have had no way to pay him. I only had a few dollars left of my last unemployment check, and I was getting several calls a day from creditors.

So I emailed him and asked if this was for real? I told him I wanted to be put in storage permanently, and would he be willing to do that?

He replied and answered "yes" to both questions.

It took me a few days to get ready, not that it mattered. I reformatted my computer so that nobody could get to my email and find out where I had vanished to. I threw all my stuff into moving storage boxes and piled them in a corner of the living room, as if I was about to move. I walked out of my apartment with a bus ticket to his town and just the clothes on my back. I had a couple of dollars for food along the way.

The bus left in the evening, drove through the night and all through the next day to cross two states, and arrived in his town early the following evening. After getting off the bus, I hid my tracks, taking a city bus to a Try-N-Save a few blocks from his house.

Knocking on his door, I was scared shitless.

"Yes," he asked when he opened his door.

"Hi!" I said. "I'm Karen!"

"Come in," he said and stepped aside.

I walked in to his house and looked around. It was a pretty normal ranch-style house in a fairly new development. "Nice!" I said. "Not like the dumpy apartment I live in. Used to live in, I mean."

"I guess you had a long bus ride getting here. Hungry? Need to freshen up?"

"Yeah," I said. I was starving after stretching my money the whole way here. "I could eat."

"Okay," he said and headed into his kitchen. "What do you want?"

"I don't care," I said. "I'm not picky."

He made some grilled cheese sandwiches and french fries. Not high cuisine, but tasty and filling. Thankfully, he wasn't a chatterbox and we didn't talk much.

After that, he asked me if I wanted to freshen up before bed. "You didn't bring any clothes. You're really serious about being put into storage permanently?"

"Yes!" I said. "I'm fucking serious!"

"Calm down, Karen," he said. "If you want to be put in storage permanently, I'll do that. I just want to make sure, is all."

"Yes," I said again, calming down. "I want to be put in permanently."

"Well," he said, "I'm going to take a shower before bed. I always do. It's one of my idiosyncrasies. I like to feel clean getting into bed. Care to join me?"

I didn't really feel like a shower. If he couldn't put me in storage right then, I just wanted to go to bed and make the hours disappear until the next morning. "Okay," I sighed.

So I followed him into his bedroom and into his bathroom. I removed my clothes as he did his and dropped mine on the floor. He picked mine up and added them to his laundry. "I'll wash these for you," he said.

"Don't bother," I said. "I'll never wear them again."

"That's right," he said. "You'll never wear clothes again, except for a latex body suit."

He started the shower and stepped in. Waving me in, I joined him.

"Let me wash you," he said holding a washcloth and soap.

"If you want," I said. Truth be told, it felt good to get clean after than long bus ride. And it felt good to have a man wash me. I just closed my eyes and stood there under the warm water as he soaped me all over and washed me off with the cloth. I felt a pleasant tingle when he washed my breasts and nipples. And it almost sent me into an orgasm when he slid the washcloth up into my pussy and wiped me good.

"So, you do like that!" he said with a chuckle.

"Okay," I sighed. "I liked it."

"Then you'll like what I plan to do later," he said.

"The only thing I want you to do is put me in storage," I said.

"That will come tomorrow," he said. "Now I want you to wash me."

If I wanted to be put into storage, I had to play along, so I washed him, making sure to thoroughly clean his cock. No doubt, it was going to be inside me before the night was over. Ugh!

After I washed him, he stepped out and handed me a towel. I started drying myself off when he said, "No, babe! You dry me off, and I dry you."

Shit! I held up the towel, and dried him off thoroughly. Then he dried me off.

He took my hand and let me back out to his bedroom. How I dreaded what was about to happen! I kept reminding myself that it was the price to pay for being put into storage. Getting in bed, he drew the blankets up over us and put his arms around me. Leaning toward me to kiss me, I slammed my eyes shut and opened my mouth.

It was years since I last made out with either a guy or a girl. But at least my tongue knew what do to. It wasn't too disgusting to have another person's spit in my mouth, especially since he started to crawl down my body. It actually felt good when he started to suck on my nipples. I started getting into it when he fondled one of my breasts while sucking on my other nipple. I reached down to my pussy and was actually getting wet through the work of someone else. That felt good for a change.

After a while, my nipple started feeling tender, so I had to push his head over to the other one. By then, I could feel my heart pounding, and my juices were pouring out of my pussy that they were dribbling down my ass crack. Wow! It's been such a long time. I'm going to miss this.

He lifted his head up, "So, the ice queen is finally getting into it, huh?"

"It feels good," I said. What else could I say?

A little later, he crawled down my body even further. Would he really put his mouth to my cunt? Every guy on earth talks about it, but only a few guys really like doing it. They all talk big about eating pussy, but most won't do it, or you can tell that they think it's nasty when they do. I began to hope this one really liked doing it. "Will you make me cum with your mouth?" I asked, hoping his answer might be "Yes."

"You like that?" he asked.

I swallowed. I hated to admit that I liked what he was doing to me. "Yes, I always liked that. I could never get enough from boyfriends." Or from girlfriends for that matter.

"Your wish is my command," he said and plunged his face between my legs.

I could feel him licking up the outsides of my pussy lips against my inner thighs. C'mon, that doesn't do anything for me. Then he slid his tongue between my pussy lips.

He lifted back for a moment. "Shit! You are soaking wet!"

I grabbed his hair and pulled his face back into my twat. He slowly licked up between my pussy lips, over my pussy hole and over my pee hole. Licking someone's pee hole, I think, is what bothers a lot of guys, and even a few girls. But this guy seemed to like it. He licked me up and down, again and again, lapping up my juices as I poured them out onto his tongue.

He then started fucking me with his tongue. Oh God! That felt good. But get to my clit, already!

When will he get to my clit? "Stop teasing me, already!" I yelled.

He took the hint and licked over my clit, then, Wow! He sucked it in. It almost hurt as he pulled it into his mouth, stretching it to the breaking point.

"Oh God!" I yelled again. "Suck it in deeper! Keep doing that! Oh yes! Oh yes!"

He continued sucking my clit deep into his mouth and even played with it with the tip of his tongue. Oh man! I started feeling delirious. Then I came. My body just went into a series of spasms that I knew all too well as I wrapped my legs around the back of his head and squeezed with all my might, ramming his face into my crotch with all my might.

He began thrashing his arms wildly and slapping at me, but I didn't care. My body was on autopilot as my orgasm went on and on.

"Keep me coming! Keep me coming!" I yelled at him.

Finally, after a long while, I went limp, releasing my death grip on his head with my legs.

As I lay panting, he lifted his head up in a mad fit of gasping and coughing.

I leaned up on my elbows to look at him. His face was bright red, but he looked at me and coughed a few times. "You do like that, don't you?"

I smiled at him. "Yeah," I said. "Sorry if I was a little rough on you."

"S'okay," he said.

I reached down and pulled him up to me for another kiss. Then, a moment later, he was asleep in my arms. Shit! That's the problem with men. Just when you get hot, they conk out! Shit! Shit! Shit!

Well, I rested my head against his, closed my eyes, and was soon asleep myself.

\* \* \* \*

The next morning took forever to get here. Harry was still asleep when I woke up. Our arms and legs were still tangled together, too. I tried to untangle myself from him, but ended up waking him anyway.

He yawned. "Good morning, Karen."

"Good morning, Harry," I replied.

We untangled ourselves from each other and climbed out of bed. I followed him into the kitchen and sat at the table. "What do you want for your last meal?" he asked.

I hadn't thought about that. This really was going to me my last meal of real food for the rest of my life. Whoa! "Everything!" I said. "Pancakes, bacon, eggs, french toast, Belgian waffles, butter, syrup, orange juice, coffee."

"I can do all that if you want," he said.

"Okay, wait," I said. "I don't want to make myself sick. Not now. Maybe I should eat light. Toast and a couple of strips of bacon? And a cup of coffee?"

"Sounds perfect," he said.

It didn't take him long to make our breakfast. He made plenty of toast and fried plenty of bacon for both of us. His coffee was pretty good, too. I had to resist overeating. I really didn't want to gorge and be sick later. What if I do get sick in storage? Well, I didn't want to think about that.

After I finished two cups of coffee, I asked, "So when do I get put into storage?"

He smiled at me and said, "Right now, if you want."

"I want!" I said eagerly.

He stood, and I followed him through the house past his bedroom, past a second bedroom, and into a third bedroom that just had a desk, a funny looking couch, a step ladder leaning against the wall, and a bunch of cardboard moving boxes.

I watched as he picked up a corner of the carpeting and slowly rolled it back. The six manhole covers were there in the floor, just like in his ad.

"Which one am I going in?" I asked.

He walked over to the desk and flipped through a calendar. "You're going in number four."

I watched as he set up the step ladder over plate number 4, and got a winch out from under the desk and hung it from a hook in the ceiling. He lowered a cable from the winch and hooked it to plate number four. He fiddled with a switch and the plate slowly rose out of the hole with the four rods hanging down. Water dripped from it as it rose out of the water.

A minute later, the thing hung from the winch, with a top plate, a bottom plate, and four vertical metal rods between them. He removed a wad of shiny latex from one of those storage boxes and set it on the weird couch.

"All right, Karen," he said. "It's time to get in."

I suddenly realized I was still naked, which he was as well. "Before I get in," I said, "I'm depending on this mechanism to keep me alive for the rest of my life. How does it all work?"

"Simple," he said. "You're in a latex body suit and manacled into this frame so that you can't move at all." He held up a the head of the latex suit with the mouthpiece attached and with several hoses and tubes attached to it. "This mouthpiece is part of the latex suit so that it can't fall out of your mouth accidentally. It's held over your mouth tightly by the latex suit. The two tubes let you breathe."

"Why two tubes?" I asked. "Why not just one?"

"With just one air tube, you'd be breathing in your own breath. The other ends of each of these air tubes has a flap. One flap opens in, and one flap opens out. That way, when you breathe in, you're always getting fresh air through the input tube."

He showed me the mouth piece up close. "Now there are these other two smaller tubes. One is connected to a small tank of water and the other is connected to a 55 gallon drum of liquified baby food in here." He opened the bedroom closet.

"What are the suitcases for?" I asked.

"Oh," he said, "those belong to the other three people currently in storage. They have a fresh change of clothes and whatever else they need when they come out of storage."

"Oh, okay," I said.

He pointed to a small white tank and a 55 gallon drum. "The small tank holds water. It's connected to the water supply and is kept full automatically, but it's not under pressure, so you can just suck water out of the water tube whenever you're thirsty. The drum, I keep full of liquified baby food. That way, you just suck the food through the other tube whenever you get hungry."

"I guess I'm going to get sick of baby food after a while," I said.

"I guess," he laughed.

"What about when I, you know, pee and poop?" I asked.

"There's two holes in the latex suit under your crotch and ass. You'll go right into the water. Each silo has an overflow drain above your head just below floor level. So it won't fill up and overflow."

"I see," I said.

"It's all pretty much self-contained and self-maintaining," he said. "The only thing I have to do is fill that drum with baby food every few months or so. I always keep it at least half full, just in case, you know?"

"Yeah," I said. "That's good." I swallowed hard. I had no excuse to wait any longer.

"So," he said, "Are you certain you want to go into storage?"

"Yes," I said.

"Permanently?"

"Yes," I said. "Permanently."

"You do realize, don't you, that once you go in, there's no way to signal the outside? There's absolutely nothing you can do to let me know you want to come out before your end date. And in your case, there is no end date."

"I realize that."

"I'll make an exception for you, if you want. Do you want a button to signal me if you want to come out?" he asked. "Or have me take you out each year to check on you?"

"No! No! No!" I screeched. "Put me in and forget about me!" I demanded.

Harry held up his hands and said, "Okay. If that's how you want it."

"That's how I want it!" I snapped. "I don't want there to be any way for me to change my mind once I'm in storage."

"Okay then," he said and held up the latex body suit to my body. I stepped into it and he slid the hood over my head. The face of the hood covered my eyes, and everything went black. Then I felt him zip it closed.

I could sense the pocket of air over my mouth where the breathing cup was. And the two feeding tubes extended slightly into my mouth, but not too deep. I sucked from one. Ah! Water. I sucked from the other. Yuck! Strained carrots.

"Stand," he said, so I stood.

Holding my arm, he escorted me a few steps and I stepped up onto that plate. It felt a little squishy hanging from that cable. I felt him close the metal rings around my neck, waist, and chest. Then he clamped shackles around my wrists and my upper arms. Lastly he clamped more shackles around my thighs and ankles. I tried to move, and couldn't. There was no give at all. I was held in place perfectly rigid.

For a brief moment, I considered calling out and telling him I've changed my mind before it's too late.

"Can you breathe?" he asked.

"Yes," I said. My voice sounded strange. Muffled.

"Good," he said. "I can hardly hear you, and I'm standing right next to you. You're breathing through the tubes now. Take a sip of water and food now, just to check."

I already did, but I did again. Water, check. Baby food, check. "Water and food are good," I said.

"Last chance!" he said. "Ready?"

I almost said "No." My heart was pounding so hard. "Yes," I said. "Do it."

I heard a buzzing sound and felt movement. Then a coolness on my feet that very slowly rose up my legs.

I had the sudden impulse to shout "Stop!" before it's too late. Am I throwing my life away? I suddenly wasn't sure. It took all my will power to remain silent.

The coolness rose up my body, and finally over my head. I felt a sudden thud, then stillness and silence. I took a deep breath. I took a sip of water. I took another mouthful of strained carrots.

Now what? I tried to move again. And again, I was held rigidly in place. I could turn my head a little from side to side, but that's all the movement I had. The complete darkness was terrifying. Being held rigidly still in shackles was terrifying. Knowing that I was submerged in water over my head, breathing through a tube, was terrifying.

I called out, "Let me out! I changed my mind! Harry!" but my voice didn't come out very loud at all. Maybe the back pressure from breathing through tubes prevented me from yelling. I struggled again, but the metal shackles and rings had no give at all.

"Let me out! Let me out!" I called again and again. I'm still young. I can still do this when I get older. I want the rest of my life back!

I started to cry.

\*\*\*\*

Harry disconnected the cable from the plate, set the ladder in place, and removed the winch from the ceiling. He returned the equipment to its place under the desk and unrolled the carpeting onto the floor once again. The room returned to its ordinary appearance as a spare unused bedroom.

He glanced at the desk. In the back of the calendar, he marked silo number 4 as occupied, but didn't mark any date as the exit date for number 4.

Checking his watch, it was getting on time for lunch. There was still some unfinished bacon in his frying pan.

\* END \*

More stories from HungryGuy here: <http://www.asstr.org/~HungryGuy/>
