---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Freedom
authors:
- Lobo De La Sombra
tags:
- M-f
- naked
- cuffs
- gag
- bed-tie
- tease
- denial
- climax
- reluct-cons
- X
date: 2017-08-11 00:00:00
---

Simple things can trigger happy memories. For Erica, it was the sound of a key in a lock, until now. Glancing around, she flexed muscles that hadn't been used in probably too long, thinking about how that simple joy had changed.

"I love that sound."

His face sporting a puzzled look, Jacob watched as the deputy opened the cell door. "And why," he asked, "is that?"

"You'd think I'm strange if I told you," Erica replied, stepping slowly from the cell where she'd just spent the weekend.

"I already think you're strange," Jacob replied teasingly, "so go ahead and tell me."

"Well," Erica said slowly, glancing back toward the empty cell, "you know I've fallen into a bit of a routine lately."

Jacob laughed. "Routine? Friday night partying, ending in an arrest for drunk and disorderly and a weekend in the local drunk tank."

Erica shrugged. "Joys of living in a small town," she retorted. "Nothing to do except drink and raise hell."

"So how does that translate to...?"

"Well," Erica explained, "every Monday morning, I wake up to the sound of a key opening my cell door. The sound of that lock turning means I'm free again, at least for another week. I've learned to love that sound."

"I hate to tell you this, "Jacob said, frowning slightly, "but that's going to have to change. I talked to the sheriff when I got here this morning, and he's had enough. Said he's been going easy on you because your dad's an old army buddy, you went too far this weekend."

Erica looked puzzled. "Too far?"

"You don't remember?" Jacob shook his head. "You spray painted the mayor's car. Wrote 'PIMP' down the driver's side in big letters, and 'WHORE' down the other side."

Erica's eyes widened. "I.... Are you sure it was me? I don't remember that part."

Jacob frowned. "The video's gone viral on the net. Although," he added, "I'm not sure how well anyone will remember your face." He let his gaze travel the length of her body. "Not considering what else was on display."

"I was...?" Erica's shoulders slumped. "And now you hate me," she said softly.

Shaking his head, Jacob wrapped his arms around her, hugging her gently. "I could never hate you," he whispered. "I love you way too much for that. I never tried to stop you because I was hoping you'd realize what you were doing, put an end to this on your own. But now it has to stop."

"I don't know if I can," Erica told him. "I don't know how."

"Do you trust me?"

Erica nodded. "Always."

"Good." Jacob smiled. "Because this weekend, you're going to be with me. And I," he added, kissing her softly, "know the perfect way to keep you out of trouble."

For Erica, the next week seemed to last forever. What, she asked herself over and over, could Jacob possibly have in mind? Nothing bad, she knew that without even thinking about it. Jacob had been her childhood best friend. Now, as adults, he was still her best friend, as well as being her lover. He would never hurt her, but what could he possibly be planning?

Finally, after what seemed several eternities, Friday evening arrived. Nervously, Erica glanced around. She'd long since come to know every square inch of Jacob's small apartment, but now she found herself peering into corners and peeking into drawers. How could he possibly hope to keep her occupied? Not movie night, she prayed fervently. Erica had always been more than a little bit hyper, and sitting through one movie was almost torture for her. No way could she handle a whole evening of it.

"Hungry?" Snapped from her thoughts, Erica watched as Jacob closed the door. In his hand, he held a bag from their favorite takeout place. Nodding, she grabbed a couple of plates.

"So," she said, nibbling on an onion ring, "what's the plan for tonight?"

"Something fun," Jacob replied, smiling.

"Oh?" Erica raised an eyebrow. "So should I have my clothes on or off?"

"Off would be nice."

"Then let's get started." Rising, Erica quickly stripped. Sex with Jacob was something she would never pass on, but she knew it was only a temporary fix. Good as the sex was, once the glow had faded, she'd be ready for something else. Still, it would help pass part of the evening.

Naked, Erica stretched out on Jacob's bed, watching as he removed his own clothing and joined her. Like he always did, he used his hands and mouth to explore her body, slowly building her arousal. Closing her eyes, Erica let herself go with the sensations. She felt the bed shift, felt his knees on either side of her as he straddled her body. Eager for what was coming, she spread her legs, rocking her hips in invitation.

To her surprise, she didn't feel Jacob entering her. Instead, he drew her hands up over her head. Vaguely, her senses somewhat dulled by need, she felt something wrap around her wrists. The snap of a lock closing threw everything back into sharp focus.

"Jacob, what...?" Craning her head, Erica looked up to see something black wrapped around each wrist. On one wrist, a length of chain was padlocked to a ring on the leather. Even as she looked, Jacob passed the chain behind one of the rails on the bed's head, quickly locking it to a similar ring on the leather around her other wrist. Puzzled, she tugged, but the chain kept her from lowering her hands. "What are you doing?"

"Keeping you home," Jacob replied, slipping from the bed.

"By tying me up?"

"For a start."

"Jacob..." Erica tugged at her bonds once more. "Please let me go. You know I can't stand being held down."

"I do know," Jacob replied, rising from the bed. "I also know," he went on, moving to stand at the foot, "that you're facing at least thirty days in jail if you get one more D&D charge." Reaching down, he wrapped something around one ankle, then pulled that foot toward the corner of the bed. Taking up a length of chain, he locked it into place at her ankle. "And I," he said, drawing on her other foot and quickly securing it as well, "refuse to let that happen."

"Jacob..." Erica tugged at her bonds, only then realizing that, not only had he pulled her feet toward the corners of the bed, he had, at the same time drawn her body down as well, leaving her with her arms stretched over her head, her legs stretched apart. "Jacob, I can barely move."

"I know." Jacob smiled, moving to stand beside the bed. "Terrible, isn't it? And it's only going to get worse."

"Worse? I don't see howfffffmmmffff!" As she spoke, Jacob leaned down and adroitly stuffed a wadded cloth into her mouth. Stunned, she could only watch as he pulled a length of silver tape from the side of the bed, smoothing it over her mouth and sealing the cloth in place. Several more strips of tape followed, muffling further the soft grunts that were now the only sound she could make.

"Now," he said softly, "you're totally helpless." Frantic, Erica tugged at her bonds, only to freeze as Jacob sank onto the bed beside her. "I can do anything I want to you," he said, "and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. So, shall we get started?"

Erica tensed as Jacob reached toward her feet. To her surprise, he began softly stroking her legs just above the ankles. Slowly, gently, his hands caressed every inch of her skin, gradually making their way up to her calves, her knees. By the time his hands reached her thighs, Erica was surprise to feel her earlier arousal return, stronger than ever. As his hands neared the juncture of her thighs, she felt her hips rising, almost as if she were offering herself to his touch.

"Want more?" Nodding, Erica watched as his hands moved closer. In spite of her situation, she realized that she wanted, needed him to touch her there. Jacob, however, seemed to have other ideas, his hands sliding out to work their way up her hips. Her sides, her stomach, felt his soft touch as his hands slowly approached her breasts. These, too, he avoided, slowly working his way the length of her arms. By the time he reached her wrists, her entire body was shivering with need.

"Horny?" Jacob smiled at the sight of her emphatic nod. "Need to cum?" Another nod. "And you will, I promise," he said, leaning down and kissing the tape covering her mouth. "Eventually."

For Erica, this was the beginning of the longest, shortest night of her life. Over and over, Jacob's talented hands brought her to the very edge, only to draw away at the last second, leaving her hanging. Each time, he would pause, allowing her to recede from the edge, if only slightly, before driving her back. And each time, she seemed to reach that edge just that much faster. Time soon had no meaning. Jacob, the room, even her own body faded, her world darkening until she found herself in a blank void, filled only with her all-consuming need. His touches, pleasurable enough before, now seemed to ignite flares of pleasure that immediately expanded to fill her entire universe. Vaguely, she heard herself moaning, felt her body writhe in her bonds.

A sound entered her dark world. Somehow, she knew it was Jacob's voice, but she had no idea what he was saying. She felt something touch, then enter her, seeming to fill only a small portion of her need. She could feel what had to be Jacob thrusting into her once, twice...

On the third thrust, something ignited within her. Like a room full of flammable vapors, the flame expanded, exploding through her and filling her dark universe with fire. Again and again the explosions blasted through her, only gradually receding. As the blasts faded, the world around her came once more into focus, including her own body, now limp and covered in sweat. Opening her eyes, she gazed weakly up at Jacob. A soft, nearly inaudible grunt emerged from behind the tape covering her mouth.

"Of course." Gently, Jacob peeled away the tape, then removed the cloth from her mouth. For a moment, her mouth worked silently. Then, licking her lips, she tried again.

"What..." Her voice was barely audible, as if she lacked the energy to even speak. "What time is it?" Surely, she thought, days had passed, maybe even weeks. Jacob's answer widened her eyes. Hours? And so few of those?

"Here," she heard Jacob say, "let's get you out of there." He reached toward her, key in hand, only to pause as she shook her head. "Really? I thought you loved the sound of a key opening a lock."

"I do." She paused. "I...did. I...are you going to do this to me every Friday?"

"If need be," Jacob replied, nodding. "So do you want out?"

"Not yet, please," Erica heard herself whisper. Nodding, Jacob rose and left the room, leaving her to consider her new reality.

Simple things, she realized, can trigger happy memories. For her, it had always been the sound of a key in a lock, because that sound meant freedom. Now, lying bound and helpless, still limp from what she'd just endured, she considered how things had changed.

Soon, she knew, Jacob would return, and the sound of a key in a lock would signal her freedom. It would also, she knew, signal the start of a long wait, an endless, terrible wait until she could hear the sound she now loved more than any other. The sound of a lock snapping closed.

It would, she knew, be one hell of a long week.
