---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/abduction.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Abduction
authors:
- Russ
tags:
- Alien/f
- kidnap
- held
- mc
- reluct
- X
---

Shelly was bored and hot. The Georgia evening was hot and sultry, hotter
than any she could remember in her 26 years. She had worked all day and
was tired but could not find relief from the heat and humidity enough to
get to sleep. She turned off the TV and decided to go for a walk in the
park that was about ½ mile from her house. She did this many times
to relax and collect her thoughts after hectic days at the office, even
though her Mother and Father warned her of the dangers of such activities.
She figured that in this rural Georgian town the odds of anything bad happening
were probably about as much as her winning the lottery and that had not
happened either.  Parents will be parents, but she was on her own
and an adult.

She went into the bathroom and pulled her two foot long brown hair into
a pony tail. Took a quick glance in the mirror and smiled. She was so happy
with herself and her life. She had finished college, attained her current
job as a legal secretary at a somewhat prestige’s law firm right in her
home town. She loved the job even though it sometimes got hectic. Her body
was trim and athletic, she loved walking and running, she did 10 miles
every morning. She was not a model, but her looks with the long hair, brown
eyes, 5’-10” frame and 34C breasts was a close second. She smiled again
and flipped off the light and thought, not to damn bad girl!

To top it all off, she had met Steve 4 months ago. They shared many
interests in hobbies and activities. He was caring, sweet, and a hunk.
They had even discussed and tried many interesting sexual experiences,
and it seemed they both had similar desires there also. They had tried
mild bondage scenes, some latex clothing, and mummification in plastic
wrap. Neither was into any heavy dominant or submissive stuff. Just things
to make them more aroused and to prove trust in one another. It was going
great!

Shelly bounded out the door of here apartment and headed for the park.
There was no breeze at all, just hot sticky air. The sun was just beginning
to set and the promise of some cooling was there. She walked slowly down
the sidewalk, she loved nature so much! She was drinking in the aromas
and sights as she had done so many times. It was a beautiful evening! By
the time she entered the park, the sun had set and twilight was approaching
quickly. She made her way to her favorite bench next to the duck pond.
She sat down and felt the cooling night air begin to envelope her. This
was always so peaceful and calming.

She began to watch the sky for the first star. It is so funny how something
silly from your childhood can stick in your brain. Starlight, star bright…..
It was silly, but so what. The star appeared in the clear sky and she recited
the whole rhyme, and made her wish. The lottery is up to 2.5 million, and
it won’t hurt.

She continued to watch as more stars appeared. It was cooling off to
a tolerable level now; she was letting her mind drift and relaxing. She
may have drifted off slightly when a noise behind her made her sit bold
upright. The hairs on her neck were stiff and goose bumps formed all over
her body followed by a chill even in the heat. She turned around and faced
the noise.

“Boo!” the mans voice stated. And then his outline formed under the
street light. It was her neighbor from upstairs.

“Jesus Jim! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?”

Jim laughed in his somewhat childish way, “What’s the matter? Scared
of the boogie man?”

“No, I am not! But sneaking up on anyone like that is not funny!” Shelly
growled; her heart rate was still in the triple digits.

“Whoa! Hold on girl! I did not sneak up on you! You were in some kind
of trance or asleep. I just walked up the path, and was going to say 'hello'.
Chill out!”

She hated it when she was defeated! He was right of course. Her heart
rate and body functions were returning to normal, and her shock and anger
were subsiding a bit.

“OK, you are right, sorry! You did give me quite a start though.” Jim
wisely controlled his snicker, “I am sorry too”

“So anyway, are you OK? Why are you out in the park this late anyway?”

“Probably the same reason as you. It was so hot, I could not sleep and
I came out here to get some cooler air”

“Yep, me too. This heat has been nasty! I think everyone is on edge
from it!” he let a small snicker escape.

“Ha, Ha! I agree though, my boss has been a real bitch this week.”

“Isn’t she always?” Jim stated.

That brought a small smile to Shelly’s mouth and she kind of snorted.
“Yes, she is”.

“Well, you be careful out here Shelly, I mean it! I am heading back
to the house.”

“And staying there, right?” Shelly touted.

“Yes, and staying there”, Jim smiled, “Good night” and he turned and
walked down the path.

Idiot! Was her first thought. But then she revamped her thinking. No
he is not an idiot, it was you that was in a trance, and he is just a friend
and a good neighbor. She turned back and relaxed on the bench again. Just
let my imagination take over. Geez!

It was going on 11:00 now and Shelly’s eyes were beginning to droop
again. She did not want to leave; it was so calm and peaceful. By now though
the house would be cooler, her bed more comfortable. She sat for just a
few more minutes looking at the stars. She had always been a gazer. Then
something caught her eye.

To the North and just above tree top level was a very distinct light
that was sort of flickering. That is odd, she thought. The light was not
really moving in respect to her, it just hung there and pulsed. She tried
to orient herself with the constellations she knew. Ursa Major was prominent
above her and the North Star also. She was not a seasoned astronomer by
any means, but she had been interested long enough to have a good idea
of what was “right” in the night sky.

That is sure strange, probably an airplane coming at me or going away.
I think it is high time I head for home, my imagination is on overdrive.
She lazily got up from the bench and headed down the path toward home.
Something about the light would not let go of her though, and she turned
around every 10 steps or so to look at it again. Is it getting larger?
Oh, just stop it!

About half the distance home she stopped and turned again. The light
was getting brighter! She was not imagining it. She could even make out
what appeared now to be a steadily flashing purple light on top of the
bright object. OK, airplanes have white strobes and green and red marker
lights. Now you have talked yourself into seeing a UFO. She started walking
back towards the park, never taking her eyes off of the growing object.
She entered the park again and stood watching. This is too strange! Maybe
I should go get Jim, and my camera. But, now she was afraid to take her
eyes off of it, fearing it would vanish.

Being interested in star gazing, she had also read books on supposed
UFO’s and extraterrestrials. They kind of went hand in hand. She estimated
that the object was maybe 2 – 3 miles to the north of her yet. It was hard
to tell not knowing its size. OK, you have gone totally Looney toons now.
UFO’s are not proven; you have never seen anything like this in years of
watching the skies. You have been freaked out once tonight, and your imagination
is just running away with you! So, knock it off and go home! The next thing
you’ll be doing is flapping your arms and trying to get them to land! She
turned and started walking home, smiling at her stupidity. God! That’s
all Folks! This girl has lost it! “Hey! ET! I am right here! Come and get
me!”

The instant that thought was processed; the light was directly over
her! She fell to the ground, looking up at the largest thing in the air
she had ever seen! She was too terrified to scream or move! The light was
nearly blinding, there was no sound or wind at all. As she stared transfixed
at the object, she noticed a purple conical circle of light forming below
the object. It proceeded down at a steady rate towards her. Still paralyzed
with fear, she could only watch as it enveloped her. As it did every hair
on her body stood erect, and every nerve ending tingled. She had no other
sensations, but noticed that the object was growing larger and filling
her field of vision. She finally managed a scream! Then everything went
black…………

**\* \* \* \* \_**_

_Shelly awoke with a start. Man what a weird dream! Her head was pounding.
She opened her eyes, it was darker than night. That’s odd; I wonder what
time it is? How come there isn’t any light from my window? She attempted
to roll over and look at her clock on the night table, and was filled with
horror! She could not move an inch. She tried in vain to get anything to
move, but it was like she was paralyzed all over! Panic was setting in
rapidly! What in the Hell is going on? Am I still asleep? Is this one of
those sleep paralysis things? Why can’t I move? Her mind was racing with
questions and panic. She felt awake; if she could move an arm she would
pinch herself to make sure._

_She could not tell how long she lay there immobile and in sheer terror.
It may have been minutes or hours. She had no reference to anything; all
she knew was she could not move and it was pitch black and silent. This
changed abruptly in a flash of light. She was now staring at the brightest
light she had ever seen. It looked similar to a surgical light and was
mounted to the ceiling directly over her. The ceiling was a gray color
that made her think of a Navy ship. She could not shift her stare at all,
even though the light was blinding. More fear and panic filled her mind.
OK, get a hold of yourself! You are dreaming this and are going to wake
up any second in your bed._

_She felt a sudden calmness come over her. The panic and fear was replaced
by an overwhelming feeling of peace. She had never felt so relaxed._

_“You are not asleep. You were unconscious for a short time, but our
sensors now show that you have returned to consciousness. This is an unfortunate
event with many of our transported species. We apologies for this. Your
mental fears are being controlled by me to quell them as best that we can.
Your bodily movement is being subdued also. This will be beneficial to
your comfort during your stay here.”_

_What is going on? Where am I? Who are you? Don’t hurt me! Please let
me go!! The questions and thoughts raced into her head. Her calmness had
been instantly replaced with anger, and then within seconds the calmness
returned._

_“I am Santraln; that is as close to my name as I can come in your language.
My race is from a star system near your terra sol system. We are a humanoid
species and have been space explorers for, what would be to you in your
time measure, over 1500 years. We collect and study all species encountered.
You have been brought aboard our vessel for testing because you attempted
to contact us mentally. You are currently in an examination cell on the
third deck of our vessel. Let me assure you that our intentions are scientific
only and nothing will be done to you mentally or physically that will produce
any permanent damages. You will be released back into your existence as
soon as we have completed our studies.”_

_It suddenly dawned on Shelly that she was “talking”, but not talking.
How can I be communicating and not using my voice? I am not psychic! Her
thoughts were answered._

_“No you are not talking using your vocal capabilities. Those are paralyzed.
We have developed our minds beyond the need for this slow and primitive
method of communication. We use telepathic means now, and have found that
nearly all sub-species have this ability also. For us to be able to communicate
otherwise would require translators and much more time. You are not dreaming
this is reality, we understand that this is very overwhelming to species
such as yours. We are doing all possible to calm your apprehensions and
to communicate all that we can. We will leave you now for a period of time
to allow you to further calm and to understand all that has been communicated.
We will not begin any testing until you yourself can control your fears
and anger. This will take some time, but you will adjust. We will slowly
release the control back to you as time goes on. The quicker that you adjust
the sooner we can commence and complete or tasks.”_

_The light overhead went out and she was again left in silence and darkness. 
This is all too nuts! What is going to happen? I have more questions…….Please
answer! Only silence. Shelly felt tears begin to roll down the sides of
her face. God! Please help me! Just let me wake up and it be over! She
lay there in silence, crying. The momentary panic was again soothed. She
still felt tears on her cheeks, but the only emotion she felt was calmness
and relaxation._

_She did not know how, but she must have drifted off to sleep. She did
not remember any dream, except this one which she had been told was not
one. She again tried to move all parts of her body to no avail. It was
the strangest feeling she had ever had. She could still feel everything
and still see when the light was on, but could move nothing. Not even a
twitch! If she was not laying on such a hard surface, it would even be
a bit erotic! She, even now, had some tingling and butterfly feelings in
her stomach. She had never been held so completely immobile, or been in
such a helpless situation with no control before!_

_The light over her again came on. The feeling of calm she was experiencing
dimmed somewhat and fear again crept into her. “You have been sleeping.
We are releasing some of our control to see how you are adjusting. Please
try to control your emotions as best you can. It will make things easier
for all of us if you can. We will maintain control of your motor abilities
for now”._

_Shelly physically made herself take a deep breath and tried to relax.
OK, just try to go with the flow. Calm down. It is obviously no use to
try and fight whatever is controlling me. It has not injured or killed
you yet, and it could if it wanted too. Oddly it was working, she felt
herself calming down on her own and if not accepting the situation at least
conforming to it._

_“Very good! You are a very promising subject! You have deduced many
aspects of your situation very quickly and correctly. We do have many powers
that are available to us; however we do not use them unless all other attempts
have failed. Like your species, we are curious and have technology to aid
us in our searches. Unlike your species, we have learned that using this
technology for attack or battle unthinkingly is not well advised. That
is why we do not make contact on a global scale yet on terra sol. You are
controlling your feelings excellently, please attempt to keep on doing
so. You may ask us anything, at anytime and we will answer you to the best
of our abilities.”_

_I still cannot believe this! Why have I been abducted? What is going
to happen to me?_

_“As we have stated, this is reality, the amount of time you take to
accept that is not in our control. You were picked up by us because you
attempted to contact us, and we only wish to contact members of your species
with these abilities. You will be tested psychologically and physically
and the data we extract will be added to our computer banks.”_

_Hold on! I contacted you?_

_“Yes, we were on a standard scouting patrol and we picked up your thought
for us to “come and get you”, we proceeded to your location and did so.”_

_Oh my God! I was only joking to myself in my mind because I saw the
light in the sky! I had no intention of actually contacting it!_

_“We have heard of joking and humor and it is one area of curiosity in
your species that eludes us. We do not have an equivalent experience.”_

_This was at least making sense to Shelly somewhat now. She could still
not totally believe all of this, but really had no choice. It was obvious
that she was in this now, no matter how it happened or why. She was continuing
to control her emotions as much as she could. It was actually easier than
she had thought it would be. The most upsetting thing was that she could
not hide anything from whatever was communicating with her. Even these
words would be picked up and analyzed. She decided to give something a
try, Santraln, would you consider getting the light above me directly out
of my eyes, it is very hard to cope with? Immediately, a somewhat cool
and smooth feeling hand pulled her lower eyelid down on the left eye and
another hand placed something in her eye. The process was repeated on the
right. There was not any sensation of anything in her eyes, like her contact
lenses she used, but the light level was reduced greatly. Not like sunglasses,
there were no color changes, just a dimming affect._

_“We apologize for not tending to that earlier. We require a much higher
light level than your species. Is there anything else that would make you
more at ease?”_

_Shelly assessed her situation. The back of my head and back of my body
are sore from being in one spot so long on this surface. I do not feel
hungry, thirsty or have the need to go to the bathroom, which is curious.
Other than that I am fine._

_“You have what you call an I.V. needle in your left leg which is nourishing
your body and supplying fluids. Your internal digestive system has been
cleansed and urinary wastes are being collected and neutralized by micro-biotic
sentries placed inside of you.”_

_As Shelly heard this, the surface on which she lay also became less
rigid, and she felt herself sink into it slightly and much more comfortably.
It was like the table suddenly fit her every curve, a section even raised
behind her neck and head forming a pillow._

_“We apologize for not tending to these needs earlier, and also for not
explaining how you are being sustained. Are you now satisfied?”_

_Yes, thank you. I am much more comfortable._

_“Do you wish anything else?”_

_Just more details as to what is going to happen and who you are._

_“We will give full details to you before any test or procedure to the
best of our abilities. We cannot explain who we are any better than we
have due to your species limited knowledge of the galaxy. We will again
leave you now for a resting period, after which, if you continue to control
your emotions as you are now, we will begin procedures.”_

_The light was again turned off and Shelly was left in darkness and silence.
Thoughts and questions were still racing in her head. God this is so weird!
We think we are so advanced, and we do not even know of these things! What
is going to happen? How long will I be like this? She must have gone on
thinking for hours until exhaustion took over her mind and again she slept…….._

_Comments Welcome_

_Like it? Hate it? Let me know!_

_E-mail: russmi3@yahoo.com_

_story continues in [**The Abduction 2_*](abduction2.html)

o0o
