---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Internet Rubber Bondage
authors:
- The Latex Girl
tags:
- Solo-F
- M/f
- latex
- catsuit
- corset
- boots
- bond
- tape
- chairtie
- gasmask
- toys
- inflate
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2004-03-10 00:00:00
---

Beth stared into the screen of her computer. The lines from the parachat
window stared back at her. She sat and pondered, how could the on-line
Internet chat that used to be so interesting, so fun, so exciting now be
so dull.

Today's chat just seemed to be a long running argument on whether Bettie
Page was a better fetish icon than Catwoman from the Batman movie. Beth
found it all so unfair, she had even started to dress just to use the chat.
Initially, she had found it a little strange, sitting in her study at home,
dressed from head to toe in rubber trying to type on the PC. It was always
strange how much harder it was to type with rubber gloves on. Beth did
revel in it for a while, being able to tell other chatters of the intricate
details of what she was wearing, from the corsets to the gags and to the
boots.

Men always seemed very interested in the details, how high were the
heels, how much was her waist reduced by in a corset, how long had she
been wearing her outfit. But even all of that was a little dull by now.

Beth noticed that someone was trying to private chat her, it was probably
some one who had seen her handle of 'latexbeth' and decided that they should
e-score with her. Beth hated these, they always went along the lines of,
'hi, are you a real girl', and then 'can we meet'. Not very subtle and
not at all successful.

Beth was in luck though, the private chat was from a guy called 'rubber
rog'. He was a chap that Beth had chatted to a few times before. He seemed
nice enough, he had a few strange fantasies, but that was par for the course
on a fetish chat server.

Rog> Hi Beth, how's it going? The chat looks a little dull tonight.
I can't believe that people are still flaming each other over Catwoman.

Beth> Hello rog. Yes it is very boring. Sad blokes have been on the
e-pull all night long. However, I'm fine, are you ok.

Rog> I'm glad your fine. I'm feeling pretty happy with myself. My Internet
orders from Skin Two and Honour came today, so I've got some new toys and
clothes to play with.

Beth> Really, tell me more.

Rog> I got a full catsuit from Skin Two, a new hood and some bondage
play tape. I'm just looking for someone to help me out with the tape.

Beth> Wow. You tried the catsuit yet?

Rog> Yup, I'm in it now. It's a very nice fit, I think it was well worth
paying the extra for the made to measure service. The hood's pretty cool
too. It zips up and then you can lace it up as well, very tight. It's got
a pump up gag and eye shutters. The gag is interesting. Haven't really
been able to try the shutters though. Anyway, enough about me, are you
suitably attired to be in the chat room.

Beth> I should think so. I fully rubbered up.

Rog> Really, do tell more.

Beth> Ok, I'm wearing a catsuit and latex underwear.

Rog> Wow, keep going, more details.

Beth> Ok, I'm wearing my rubber boned corset, rubber stockings and long
rubber gloves. I'm also wearing a neck corset that my gloves are attached
too. I'm also wearing my latex panties with the pump up dildo and butt
plug attached.

Rog> Wow, I'm getting more than a little excited here. You're wearing
all of that under a catsuit. It sounds Divine.

Beth> It is divine. Do you want to hear more.

Rog> You bet, tell me.

Beth> I'm wearing a full catsuit over my underwear. I've got another
corset on over my catsuit and it's padlocked shut. I'm also wearing a pair
of latex ballet boots. They go up all the way to my thighs and they have
a good six or seven inch heel. They are a little difficult to walk in but
they do look so good.

Rog> WOW, I'm having a lot of trouble concentrating now.

Beth> I'm not surprised, my outfit is designed to have that effect on
you men.

Rog> It's certainly working then.

Beth> It may be now, but it doesn't always have that effect.

Rog> Beth, this is going to sound rather weird, but did you drop your
shopping on Tuesday, by the entrance to a block of apartments called 'Sussex
Heights'.

Beth> Er, yes that does sound weird, and yes I did drop some shopping
there.

Rog> A-ha. A very nice lady dropped some shopping in front of me as
I was leaving the block, as I live there. I helped you pick some fruit
I think. Someone else came over and called you Elizabeth.

Beth> It's a fair cop.

Rog> I live in the penthouse on the top floor. What about you?

Beth> I live at the front on the second floor. Fancy a meet?

Rog> Are you sure?

Beth> Sure, hopefully you won't rape me. You were honest enough
with my fruit. Besides, it will save on the phone bill.

Rog> Give me a couple of minutes.

DISCONNECTED..

Beth logged off, almost as soon as she did, there was a knock on the
front door of her flat. She got up and started to walk down the hallway.
Beth felt unbelievably nervous, she could believe that for one, one of
her neighbours as much of a fetishist as she was. Beth had always thought
that this was a block of nice decent people, but then again she was here.
Second, she was about to let a man she had never met into her flat. Thirdly,
she was going to let this man in while she was literally covered in rubber.
Beth knew that she certainly was still in the closet as far as telling
the world of her rubber fetish. Sure, she felt comfortable buying things
mail order or though the net. She'd even been off to a few shops and tried
things on and let the shop assistants and the other customers see her.
She was happy to live out her rubber fetish in the virtual reality of the
Internet, but this was getting a little too real for her.

Beth staggered down the hall way to the front door, when she told Rog
that the boots were a little difficult to walk in she hadn't been lying.
Beth got to the door and had a look through the peep hole. Amazingly, she
could see this black figure of a man carrying a small bag, looking rather
furtive and very nervous. Beth opened the door. It opened a crack and the
door chain stopped it from opening further.

"Hi Beth, it's me Roger, you weren't expecting anyone else", asked Roger,
and then added, "Could you let me in please, I feel a little conspicuous
out here". Beth opened the door and Roger hurried in, Beth quickly shut
the door.

Beth ushered Roger into her lounge and offered Roger a seat. Beth could
hardly believe her eyes, there she was in her own lounge with a man who
was completely cover in black latex sitting down in her arm chair.

Beth went to sit in another chair, "Please don't sit just yet. Could
you give me a twirl first?", asked Roger.

"Sure", replied Beth, and she
started to slowly turn round in front of Roger.

Roger was getting into a real state of shock. There in front of him
was a woman who was almost completely covered in shiny black latex. All
that wasn't was her head and her long red hair with its loose curls. Beth
seemed to turn in slow motion to Roger, he was mesmerized by the way the
light was bouncing and shining off Beth's polished thighs. He couldn't
believe that women really could wear things like those ballet boots, Beth's
feet just seemed to point downward, and the latex and the laces of the
boots just seemed to keep climbing up her legs all the way to her thighs,
unbelievable.

Then Roger saw the two pumps swinging between Beth's legs.
She really was wearing a pump up dildo and a pump up butt plug. Roger had
heard so much of pump up toys, he had tried a butt plug but found it very
uncomfortable. Of the women that Roger knew, all of them reckoned that
pump up butt plugs and dildos were just a myth and the only reason women
would wear them in photo shoots was that they were being paid to. But here
he was with a real woman doing it, for free, for her own experience.

The extra corset Beth was wearing over her catsuit just seemed to extenuate
her natural curves. Her hips looked wide, but not child bearing wide, her
waist just seemed to disappear in that corset and her breasts were just
sitting there on top of the corset, almost defying gravity. Beth was no
supermodel, she just didn't look tall enough or thin enough, or maybe androgynous
enough. But she was all curves and shiny latex and sure does take some
beating.

All too quickly for Roger, Beth finished twirling and sat down. Roger
didn't care, Beth could have twirled all night and Roger would have died
a happy man. Besides, Roger had a vision of Beth twirling in his mind now
and it wasn't something he was going to forget in a hurry.

Beth started to talk and it snapped Roger out of his erotic daydreams.
Beth told Roger of her loss of interest in the Internet chat systems, and
how she longed for it to be more exciting again. Roger explained that she
should try IRB.

"Surely you mean IRC?", replied Beth.

No, Roger explained
that IRC was just another chat medium, like parachat or e-mail or anything
else. IRB was different as you experienced more excitement. Roger told
here that IRB was Internet Rubber Bondage and was a phrase coined by him
and some of his 'scene' friends.

The system was simple. Instead of just using the Internet or dressing
in rubber and using the net, the IRB'er was bound to the Internet. Normally,
this was done by tying the rubberclad surfer to a chair or placing them
in a cage or anything that would restrict their movement. The whole idea
was that the surfer would be immobile apart from their hands, which would
allow them to operate a keyboard and/or mouse.

Roger carried on to tell Beth that in some advanced situations the IRB'er
could stay connected for a couple of days, being released only when they
e-mailed someone to release them.

Beth was fascinated, "How could I try Roger?", she asked. Roger explained,
that all they needed to do was to tie Beth to her PC chair and she could
probably have a go. If she wanted, Roger would stay around until she got
comfortable with it and then she could mail him once she wanted to be released.

Beth took Roger to her study and showed him her PC desk. The chair she
used was the perfect bondage chair. It was an aluminum tube chair with
a high, straight back and arms.

Beth sat in the chair and Roger positioned her into a suitable state
for binding. Roger picked up a roll of his new bondage tape and started
to bind Beth's leg to leg of the chair. In no time at all, Roger had finished
the first leg and started on Beth's other leg. When Roger was finished,
Beth's legs and the chair's legs were one amorphous entity. The only thing
that could be seen though the bondage tape was the outline of the laces
in Beth's ballet boots.

Next Roger started binding Beth's torso to the chair. First he worked
on the area that was covered by the corset that Beth was wearing. Next
he went onto Beth's breasts, winding the tape diagonal over her breast
and the top of the chair back and back round under her arm pits.

"Now, Beth I hope you can touch type", Roger exclaimed as he pulled
out a small keyboard, a mouse and a gasmask from his bag. "The keyboard
has been reduced in size so that you can operate all of the keys with one
hand and not need to move you hand a great deal to use it. The same is
true of the mouse, it's set up so that you don't need to move it that far
to get across the screen. I'll just hook these into your PC and get it
booted up".

Beth was getting very excited by all of this. She had always wanted
to explore her interests in bondage, but had never really been able to find
any partners that could help her.

Once the PC had booted up, Roger placed the keyboard under Beth's left
hand. The keyboard was T-shaped, the long root of the T was a piece of
wood that Roger put under Beth's arm. Once Roger was confident that Beth
could reach all of the keys, he strapped the board to Beth's arm and then
started to bind Beth's arm to the arm of the chair with more bondage tape.
Roger did the same kind of job on Beth's arm as he had done on her legs,
her arm was completely secured to the chair and there were no gaps in the
tape binding.

The mouse attachment was a similar construction to that of the keyboard.
Roger fitted the rest under Beth's other arm and then slipped Beth's hand
into the glove that held the mouse. As he did this, Roger explained that
they had had a few problems in the past with IRB'ers dropping their mice
or the keyboard and then not being able to pick them up again because of
their bondage. The boards had stopped these problems.

Roger bound Beth's right arm down onto the chair and completed Beth's
bondage. Roger then connected Beth to the Internet and let her start using
the new mouse and keyboard.

After a while, Roger asked Beth if she was comfortable. Beth replied
that she was. He then asked her if she was happy with the situation. Again
Beth replied that she was. Finally, Roger asked her if she wanted to try
the full immersion version. Beth looked puzzled and asked Roger what he
meant.

Roger picked up the black latex gasmask and showed Beth the inside of
it. He explained that the glass lenses of the mask had been removed and
a stereo LCD monitor eyepiece was in there instead. So it would give you
a full view of your monitor.

Beth was intrigued, she told Roger that she was very keen to try it.
Roger applauded her decision. He quickly disconnected the monitor from
the PC and connected the gasmask. Slowly, he pulled it over Beth's
head and seated on to her head. When it was comfortable he pulled the zip
down on the back of the gasmask, sealing Beth's head in it. Next he worked
the laces that covered the zip tight, to give Beth the closest fit possible.
Finally, he did up the collar buckle at the base of the gasmask and padlocked
it shut.

As Roger put the latex gasmask over Beth's head she could feel something
pushing against her lips. Instinctively, she opened her mouth and felt
a small rubber object enter her mouth. Beth assumed that this must be some
kind of gag. Then she felt Roger fumbling with something over the back
of her head. She heard the familiar zip noise of the zip coming down over
the back of her head. The mask felt tighter. It was quite a pleasant experience.
Then she felt Roger fiddle around some more at the back of her head. Slowly,
Beth could feel the gasmask get a little tighter still. Finally, Beth felt
something tighten around her neck and the sound of something snap shut.
Beth could easily place that sound, but she was sure it was nothing untoward.

Beth could now see the Internet as her complete field of view, when
she clicked on a picture, it was all she could see. It was an amazing experience.

Roger picked up the pump for the gag and slowly started to pump. Almost
instantly he could see a reaction in Beth. Her gasmask clad head was nodding
in agreement.

Roger remembered the butt plug and the dildo. He reached down and gave
those a squeeze. Again, the gasmask nodded. Roger repeated it three or
four times, with Beth replying with a nod each time. On the last time,
Roger sensed that Beth's breathing had changed, she was snorting a
lot more and she was writhing a little, as much as her bondage would allow.
Roger reckoned that she was probably orgasming.

Roger realised that Beth had too much freedom in her neck. The last
of his bondage items came out to solve the problem. A thick rubber neck
brace. Roger applied it to Beth's neck and could now see that it was impossible
for Beth to move her neck at all.

Roger left Beth to her own devices. He left the study and turned the
light off, leaving Beth to her IRB.
