---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shirley's Conversion
authors:
- RbrBill
tags:
- M+-f
- FM+-m
- D-s
- latex
- catsuits
- kidnap
- conditioning
- enclosure
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2002-07-18 00:00:00
---

**Prologue**

I clicked on the e-mail button in the left
corner of the site and the e-mail window opened for me.  I typed in
the body of my message.  I reread it to make certain that everything
was right.  I clicked the "OK" button and the secure screen with address
and phone contact number and credit card request appeared.  I had
reached this screen five times before in the past two months and always
hesitated.

I resolved to follow through this time. 
Our relationship was in need of serious repair.  My wife absolutely
refused to consider any of my fantasies.  She wouldn't even try on
the simplest item I requested.  She had now known about my quirk for
over ten years and we had been married over twenty years.  I was reaching
the mid-life time that marked the relationship with a need to spice up
the old habits.  I wanted to have the change be with my partner. 
She had gone on a couple of extended trips away from me, testing how she
might feel apart, yet she didn't really want to break our bond that had
developed over twenty years either.  I sensed it and loved her more
for it.

Then I found the web site, Unlimited Fantasies
for Love.  I read the description of the product and knew that this
might be the place to find our lost spark and rekindle the lust for love
in the relationship.  Still I hesitated, preparing the e-mail but
never following through with the request five times before this fateful
night.  I was over 2000 miles from home on the opposite side of the
country.  I was on extended assignment and I was lonely.  I was
also dressed to surf in four latex catsuits, three hoods, and gloves and
was just hot enough to follow my feelings of the moment and not the brain. 
Oh, if this worked!  My wife would be transformed by the adventure.

Two thousand miles away and twenty-four
hours later, the fantasy began.  The van sat in the driveway of the
small house in Everett.  The occupants of the van had been watching
from down the street until Shirley pulled into the drive and opened the
garage door.  She pulled the Mazda into the garage and closed the
door.  Inside the garage, she took the groceries from the back and
went inside.  The house seemed so empty when he was off on travel. 
She missed him but she always was piqued by the idea that he was dressed
in his loathsome rubber.  She couldn't understand what rubber did
for him and why.  Sure, he had talked to her about it a few times
and she clearly let him know that she was not interested in something so
bizarre.  She even wondered about his sexual orientation, surely real
men who loved women didn't put such a barrier between them.  Maybe
he was playing with other people when he was on these trips, using the
rubber for protection and cheating on her, expending his love on some worthless
whore dressed in rubber.

She recoiled at the thought and shoved
it to the back of her mind.  Still it was one of the many times she
thought he might be cheating her and even his protestations of innocence
and only using his rubber alone didn't satisfy her.  She still had
the thought that he might love some material more than her and that also
disgusted her.  Was she just a piece of furniture that something like
rubber could replace?  Sure when he was home, he was attentive and
loving.  He certainly didn't fail to love her at home, but his trips
were so frequent and he was often away so long that she knew his second
mistress, rubber, was a powerful influence in his life and she was...jealous? 
Yes she laughed at that, jealous of one of those ugly black suits she had
taken out of the bag the time so many years go.  It seemed absurd
yet when he was gone and she started thinking about the bag of black rubber
she always went down that path.

This was unproductive thinking.  She
slammed the car door and headed into the house.  He should call tonight. 
He'll probably be sitting in his room, dressed in that rubber, though she
was never sure.  Sometimes she called him and the phone would ring
into voice-mail.  She would leave a quick message and he would always
call back inside fifteen minutes.  "I was in the bathroom" was his
excuse and she wondered.  Maybe he was in the suits with those face
things and had to remove them before he could talk to her.  Sometimes
his voice was hoarse and deep and she knew he must be in that rubber, but
she never was certain.

She thumped the bag on the counter and
flicked on the TV.  The Philippine Channel was showing one of the
endless variety shows.  As she watched the entertainer came out in
a tight shiny sleeveless body suit... the stuff was everywhere!  Even
her Philippine Channel had entertainers beginning to venture into that
clothing.  Not that she would look bad in it.  She was still
slim and sexy.  Her light tan skin and exotic face and large oval
eyes always attracted looks.  Her shiny black straight hair fell to
the middle of her shoulders and she knew she was still pretty.  Sweet
sixteen, never been touched, never been kissed... well that was a few years
back but she still had her looks.  She watched the dancers gyrating
on the screen and wondered what she would look like in those clothes; still
her conservative side shunned the idea of dressing like a slut.  She
set to putting the groceries away.

The van occupants waited patiently. 
They had hours to determine routine and to figure out the best way to make
their move.  The leader was leaning toward the "flowers from a loved
one" method of gaining entry to the subject's home.

**First Discovery:**

Her agitation grew as she thought about
him back east doing something dirty with his rubber.  She decided
to rearrange the bedroom to vent her unease.  She cleaned the house,
top to bottom, or rearranged the rooms regularly when she was frustrated. 
She knew Bill was making full use of his outlet and she was alone with
only her thoughts.  She pulled the drawers from the dresser to make
it easier to move.  One drawer slipped from the bed and the contents
tumbled out.  Now on top was a plastic bag with some red things inside. 
She opened the bag and the odor of raw rubber assailed her senses. 
She wrinkled her nose in disgust but she took out the panties and the bra
inside to survey them.  They were relatively small.  The panties
looked much like her satin panties.  The bra was coarsely made but
the inside latex was smooth.

She set them on the bed and pushed the
furniture around in the new arrangement.  She took the rubber things
and put them back in the bag but rather than the drawer, she slid them
under her pillow.  After her shower, she was toweling off her hair. 
She looked at the pillow and a thought crept into her head, "Why not?"

She pulled the things from under the pillow
and looked more closely.  These weren't like those suits she saw in
the suitcase.  These were quite dainty looking and were red, not that
ugly black.  She felt how smooth the material was and how soft it
seemed to be.  These panties seemed so innocent.

They didn't have that thing inside that
was meant to fit inside her, like the black panties she saw with Bill's
things that one time.  He had let her try them once and suggested
that she could use them whenever he was away, but she never got past looking
at that black phallus and afraid of what putting it on would do to her. She actually began to wonder how these
red things would feel on her skin.  Without that thing cleaving her
pek-pek, pussy, she decided this might be a tolerable experiment. 
Besides, she could always give him a call and tell him what she had found. 
She figured that would give him one of the biggest shocks, and maybe even
a thrill, of the day since he was probably dressed in one of those suits
of his.

She took out the rubber and put some powder
inside.  She figured that must be the way to do it since Bill seemed
to have a rather large need for powder.  She stretched the leg openings
and slipped the panties onto her legs.  She pulled them up to her
crotch and the latex nestled right against her skin.  The bra had
no hooks so she pulled it up her legs and over her hips.  She slipped
it on up her waist and belly to her chest.  With a struggle she was
able to work the cups over her breasts.  The latex cupped her mounds
in a soft embrace.  She felt the rubber rubbing her skin as she moved
to put on her shorts.  She suddenly felt naughty as the latex at her
crotch stroked the outer gates of her pek-pek and she felt a surprising
thrill shudder through her body.  The rubber was getting hot and to
her surprise, so was she!  She stroked the cups of her bra and the
feel transmitted to the skin made her shiver in delight.  God, she
was wantonly thinking thoughts that a good Catholic isn't supposed to think!

She checked the time.  It was late
enough to give Bill a call.  It would be about 8:30 in the east. 
The phone rang four times then went into the voice mail.  This time
a smile rather than a frown came to her face as she left a message, "Honey,
give me a call as soon as you get this.  I found something in a drawer
and we need to talk."  She hung up the phone, "That'll get him worried,"
she thought as she waited.

2000 miles away, I listened to the voice
mail as I pulled three hoods off my head.  Right away "drawer" set
off the alarm in my head, but she didn't really sound mad or desperate,
as was often the case when she called.  I dialed home and waited for
her to come on line.

"Hello."

"Hi, Hon, I got your call."

"Where are you?" she asked.

I always thought that was a silly question
since I could only be on the phone at the hotel room.  "In my room."

"Why didn't you answer the phone?"

"I was in the bathroom," I said with my
usual excuse.

"What you doing?"

"Just watching some TV."

"Are you sure?  You're not on your
computer?"

"I was getting ready to check some messages,
but it's just coming on."

"I found someone's things in the drawer
today.  Where did they come from?"

"What things?"

"They were rubber," she stated matter-of-factly.

"Those are for you, Hon," I stumbled a
bit but was now sort of glad the issue was open.

"They are?  What do you expect me
to do with them?" she was already fingering the front of the panty and
becoming quite excited as she talked.

"Well, I was getting up the courage to
give them to you, Hon."

"So are you just watching TV?"

"That's it."

"You sure you're not wearing any of that
ugly black rubber stuff of yours?" She asked and stated at the same time.

"Um, well..."

"Don't lie to me, Mister.  I can tell
when you're lying even over the phone and especially when all my senses
are aroused by those things I found!"

"What?"  Did I hear her right? 
Did she just tell me that she was wearing the stuff?

"You heard me!  Now tell me if you're
in any of your stuff."

"Yes, Hon, I'm wearing all of it, except
the hoods."

"Why don't you put your hoods on and log
onto the computer.  I'll IM you in a minute."

She hung up.

I pulled the hoods back on my head a bit
confused.  I stuffed the nose tubes in and tucked the hoods under
the collars of the catsuits.  I sat at the computer, which was already
on, and waited for the AOL instant messenger to signal.

I barely heard the "ding" from inside the
hoods.

I opened the window and read, "Hon, tell
me why you like rubber again."

I typed back with several mistakes, glove
fumbles and the racing thoughts in the head were just too much for accurate
typing,  "I like how it caresses the entire body like hundreds of
massaging fingers.  I like the way it pulls and tugs as I move in
it and the added feel as touch spreads beyond the point of actual contact. 
I like the way I can feel protected and removed from outside problems as
I turn my thoughts inward.  I like the tightness embracing me all
over."

"Do you love it?"

"I love you."

"Do you love rubber?"

"I enjoy rubber more like a very close
and understanding friend."

"Do you love it?"

"I love you.  I am very fond of what
rubber does to me and the feelings it brings to me and the closeness I
feel when I'm in it and thinking of you."

"Do you love rubber?"

"Not in the same way I love you. 
I mean it's not living and it cannot love back.  It enhances my feeling
toward you when I'm in it."

"Even when I'm here and you're there?"

"Sure, I always wonder what would happen
if you decided to give some rubber a try."

"Well, I'm actually enjoying the feel of
the stuff against my pek-pek.  I can rub the outside and it is making
me feel really hot."

"Now who's making who hot," as I suddenly
felt my tool stir inside the layers.  Shirley was really taking the
first tentative steps into latex and I was 2000 miles away.

"I'm not so sure about this thing, though. 
If I call again, can you talk?"

"Not too well.  You won't understand
a thing because the hoods and the mouth tube make talking very hard."

"Answer the phone when I call."

"OK."  The message, "Lheytg has logged
off," came on the screen.

The phone rang.

"Hhhhhmmmmmooooollo."

"What?"

"Hhhheeeeemmmmmllllhpo."

"That's too funny!  You're really
all covered up in that stuff.  I still don't get the idea of that
but I am beginning to understand a little about how it might feel. 
Better get back to your computer, Hon, I'll let you go now.  Have
fun, though I still can't figure out how."

What was to be the final outcome of this
little moment?  Then I remembered the e-mail.  She would learn
a whole lot more than she imagined before the next day was over. 
Three hours later I was getting ready to log off and crawl out of my rubber
world.  I was always reluctant to surface from beneath the warm comfort
of this rubbery world, but it had to be done.  The "ding" of an IM
and I saw Lheytg was messaging me.  "You're still here?  I was
about to go to bed.  The panties and bra have really gotten me all
squishy feeling inside.  You still dressed?"

"Yes.  I was just about to get out
of the things."

"I see.  So you don't wear them to
bed."

"Sometimes, but not tonight.  I'm
ready to clean up."

"Well, I'm going to see what happens if
I sleep in these tonight.  Did you cum tonight?"

"Well, yes, I came twice, once while we
were chatting earlier <smile> and then again as I thought how you might
look all covered in rubber and sitting on top of me."

"Well, I'm still not too sure about that
full cover thing.  Promise you'll wear some rubber tonight while you
sleep so I won't feel alone here."

"Ok.  I'll wear a brief and the wrestling
suit."

"Wrestling suit?"

"It's a one piece suit kind of like a woman's
swimming suit."

"Wear one of those full suits too, if you
really love me."

"You want me to do that?"

"Well, if I'm in this panty and bra you
got me, I want to make sure that you are thinking about nothing but you,
me and rubber."

"Ok, Honey, I'll wear a full suit too."

"And one of your face things too."

"Gosh, I'll try but I never can sleep when
I put one of those on."

"That's good!  You can think of me
all night as I explore these new thoughts.  Good night."

"Good night.  Love you."

She logged out right after that exchange.

Shirley went to bed and was slowly rubbing
the panties.  She actually felt the shudder of orgasm from her own
touching, the second one since she had put the panties on.  She slipped
into a light sleep as her rubberized pek-pek twitched in such a satisfactory
way.

**The Plan Hatches**

The van pulled into the driveway and the
fellow in a florist delivery uniform got out and headed to the door. 
He carried a large basket of flowers as he walked to the door and rang
the bell.

Shirley was startled by the doorbell. 
She got up and peeked out the window and saw the delivery fellow. 
Bill must have been thinking of her, she thought as she saw the basket
of flowers.  She opened the door to accept the basket.

"Good morning, ma'am.  Flowers for
Shirley from Bill, with love," the delivery guy said.

"Thank you."  Shirley took the flowers. 
She sniffed at them and was surprised that the flowers smelled vaguely
of latex.  She moved to close the door when the fellow moved swiftly
in and pushed a damp cloth to her face.

"Relax, sweetie.  We'll take very
good care of you."

Everything went dark for Shirley.

She was awake and aware that she was completely
immobilized.  She felt the full blob in her mouth and tried to get
her hand up to her face.  She couldn't move.  Well that wasn't
quite true.  She could move some but restraints held arms, legs head
and torso tightly.  She could strain and struggle and then there was
that tight feeling on all of her skin.  She felt like she was wrapped
up in some sort of thick skin.  She wriggled her fingers and knew
they were in gloves.  The material was very elastic so she could only
think of rubber gloves but these gloves didn't feel anything like those
ones for doing dishes.  She felt something inside her pek-pek that
filled her.  She sort of heard the rumble of an engine but she wasn't
fully sure of that since her ears seemed to be plugged and she had no idea
what was covering her head so tightly.

She struggled and pulled at her restraints
in alarm and tried to shake her head to no avail. Her protest silenced
by the gag.  She recognized the odor from the time she looked into
Bill's suitcase, or her little game with the panties so recently, and wondered
if she was in rubber things like his.  She struggled harder and the
wide bindings bit into her skin.

Through her layered covering, she heard
a voice.  "Better calm her down."

The fullness in her pek-pek erupted with
life.  She felt something stroking at her breasts and the skin covering
her seemed to amplify the touch beyond the immediate point of contact. 
She was afraid... terrified.  She didn't know what was happening to
her.  She was being sexually assaulted by the intruding shaft inside
her.  All of her upbringing said that this was wrong, yet that shaft
and those touches to her tits, her disorientation, the first latex thrills
last night, and the terror combined in an elixir as potent as any sexual
desire she had experienced.  She was becoming aroused despite the
situation.  She was still struggling for freedom but another part
of her was telling to not try too hard to get loose, yet.

She exploded in a wracking orgasm that
started in the center of her pek-pek and spread like a tsunami through
her entire body.  She felt her muscles tensing against the bonds and
as the final orgasmic wave released she writhed and struggled with all
her pent up passion.  GOD!  It was better than any time Bill
had licked her so fervently and brought on those sensual waves that so
gloriously immersed her in that sensual warmth from pure carnal satisfaction. 
She thrust and bucked at her bonds, panting rapidly through the restricted
breathing tubes.  The whole experience was one of sound and heat and
overpowering touching from the suit that completely covered her and massaged
her as she writhed in her ecstasy.

The buzzing didn't stop and she was soon
propelled up another steep slope to the abyss of pleasure and plunging
headlong into its depths.  Her screams were muted grunts but discernable
to the watching guards.

"Let her cum four more times then she should
be relaxed enough to sleep some," she heard distantly through the hood
covering her head.  God, could she survive four more assaults on her
body like what she had just experienced?  Then her mind became completely
focussed on not only surviving, but also reveling in the whole erotic experience. 
Already she was wondering if Bill had anything to do with this but she
couldn't think any more about that as the building flood washed over her
again.

**Revelations**

The bright light blinded her as the gas
mask was pulled off her face.  She was still immobile.  She had
no idea how long her imprisonment had been and she didn't know when it
might end.  The drive to this place seemed so long ago.  The
blur of the time passed through her thoughts whenever the sexual stimulus
on her body relented.  She knew that her bodily functions were monitored
and she knew that when she had to do her business, it was carried away. 
She didn't know that the plug in her ass was ingeniously mated with tubing
to carry away her waste.  She barely felt the catheter attached to
her urethra that allowed her to pee.  Her cycle was reduced to very
fundamental reality.  The tubing in her hood would introduce a thick
broth to her three times a day.  Water or juice would be given regularly. 
The vibrator in her pek-pek would come on and drive her to ecstasy while
little clamps squeezed at her rubber-clad nipples several times a day.

After endless time in darkness, the return
of sight was a shock.  No less a shock than the reflection she saw
in the mirrored ceiling.  In a pool of light was the glossy black
form of a rubber-clad woman.  The figure was tightly wrapped in latex
from head to toe.  A corset with red highlights squeezed the waist
severely.  Breasts and hips stood out in stark contrast to the wasp-like
waist, the shiny black latex reflecting the shapely perfection of those
glorious globes.  Long spike heels seemed to grow from the feet. 
The shiny hood hid the face.  The woman was reclining in a chair,
her arms, legs and torso held with wide thick rubber straps.  As she
moved her head slightly, the reflection reacted.  She balled her left
fist and saw the reflection ball its fist.  The slow realization that
this rubberized goddess was she sank in.  She could move her head
to the side and see some of the room.  For the most part, everything
was in gloom.  Her lounge chair, much like a dentist chair, was the
center of a spot lit circle.  All manner of devices hung from shiny
chrome stanchions arrayed around the edge of the chair.  The chair
was latex covered and had indentations that fit her features.  She
felt the fullness of the plug in her bottom and the ever-present shaft
filling her pek-pek.  She thought back to the last hours or days or
months, she had no clue how long...

Writhing in her lust she would moan into
her gag and wish for the torture to end, just not now.  Every muscle
tensed against the bonds as she rode wave on wave of orgasmic pleasure. 
Then she would be allowed to drift to sleep.  The routine remained
unbroken for so many cycle periods that she lost count.  She had despaired
that she would never leave this place yet she would wish for the sensual
journey to never end.

Sleep cycles were another matter. 
Exhausted from the physical demands, she would quickly drop into a light
slumber.  Her circumstance never allowed her to reach deep sleep. 
She felt the tight latex covering every inch of her body and filling every
opening.  There was no retreat from this dominant fact and her continued
arousal was assured by the persistent sensory input from the latex. 
She dreamed new and hereto before unthinkable dreams.  She found herself
surrounded by attentive rubber clad lovers.  Gloved hands sensually
massaged her to erotic pleasure.  Bill would be there to drop between
her shiny rubberized thighs and lavish his attention on her demanding pek-pek. 
His tongue swirling around the edges of the latex gate and into her heavenly
realm as she grasped him with her gloved hand and wanked his thick rubberized
butu, cock, in jerking orgasm.  She thrilled as he shot his hot cum
into the sheath and she could feel the warm and slick stuff under the rubber
as his tongue attacked her peerless pearl with added vigor.

She would demand he use a hollow strap-on
and ravage her sheathed pek-pek and drive her to multiple orgasms, the
thick sheath keeping him from his own pleasure until, completely sated
in her own lust, she would wrap her gloved hand tightly around the thick
rubber shaft and bring him to glorious explosion.

In her state of euphoria, she was never
certain if these dreams resulted in orgasms or just imagined lust. 
She knew that as she came in the dreams she usually roused from her sleep,
briefly lifting above the dark surface of a smooth black lake and briefly
remembering her circumstance as she blindly blinked in the darkness of
the hoods and gas mask.

During her waking moments she was completely
filled with the feel, sounds and smell of latex.  She felt the constant
squeeze of the stretchy elastic on her skin.  She heard the popping
of the gas mask valves and the rushing sound of her breath as it passed
through tubing and into her lungs.  She heard or felt her racing heart
beating in her arousal.  She smelled the thick sweet rubber that was
introduced into her breathing tubing.  She felt the massaging clamps
and the pulsing vibrator whenever they came to life.  She felt the
suit pull at her skin as she strained in her restricted movements and hot
orgasm welled up from her innermost depths and washed over her body in
tingling rapture.  Soon she began to wonder how she could continue
this journey that must surely end much too soon.

**The Final Surprise**

"Honey, I'm home," I called out as I went
into the house.

My voice echoed in the empty rooms. 
I started looking around for Shirley.  Strange, she wasn't anywhere. 
The Mazda was in the garage so where could she be?  I looked for a
note.  Maybe she had walked to the store up the street.  I noticed
the house was a bit messy, not terribly messy but by Shirley's standards
it was a bit messy.  The bed was still unmade, for example.

I decided to check messages.  The
machine groaned to life.

Message 1, "Hi Bill, it Mother, call me
when you get a chance."

Message 2, "It's Mother again, call me."

Message 3, "Shirley?  It's Mother;
make sure Bill calls me when he gets home."

Message 4, "Mr. Gains, please call us as
soon as you get this message, 800-528-3958.  It is about your wife
and our training session for her that you requested."

Now that was odd.  I had been gone
over four weeks.  The training was supposed to be a one-week session. 
So what was this all about?  I dialed the number.

"Unlimited Fantasies.  How may I direct
your call?"

"Um, I have a message to contact you. 
This is Bill Gains."

"Yes, Mr. Gains.  We were expecting
your call, please hold."

Frankie Goes to Hollywood music, "Relax"
came onto the line.

I thought, "I guess its better than Muzak."

Click, ringing, "Mr. Gains?"

"Yes."

"I'll get straight to the point. 
You ordered a one-week standard session in latex conversion and, well,
we had to apply the deluxe three-week session to completely convert her."

"So what is this about?  Do you expect
me to pay for the longer treatment?  I mean you didn't contact me
or anything."

"No sir.  That's not it at all. 
The additional training is taken care of.  It just a matter of, well,
there are some special considerations that require you to visit our site
and receive some additional instructions on the more subtle aspects of
Shirley's new desires."

"I don't really understand.  What
sort of considerations?"

"It would be best for you to come here. 
You see, Shirley is still with us and we must discuss some important arrangements
for her care before she goes home with you.  I'll give you directions."

"Care!"

"Oh, it's nothing that bad, just her new
latex love needs special nurturing that we have to demonstrate personally. 
It is best done here rather than sending a representative home with her."

Armed with the directions to the remote
place, I left the house.

It had already been a long day.  The
flight from the east coast was long, as usual.  I fought traffic from
Sea-Tac Airport to Everett and now I had about a five-hour drive to the
Idaho panhandle and the old lodge now owned by Unlimited Fantasies.

I was exhausted as I turned off Highway
95 a little north of Hayden and took the long winding track toward the
distant lights.  This place WAS secluded!  The buildings were
about a mile from the road.  The headlights glinted on the fence rails
as the road twisted and turned.  In the dark, I couldn't determine
the lay of the land, but I figured it was forested, like most of northern
Idaho. The curving path ended at a wide area and
I parked the car.  I went to the door and rang the bell.

"Now who on earth can be here at this hour,"
I heard the voices behind the door.  I thought that I might have missed
a turn and was at the wrong place.  The door opened.

"Are you lost or something?" asked the
shadowy figure.

"My name is Gains.  I was..."

"Oh, come in Mr. Gains."  The door
swung open to let me in.

"Please have a seat.  Your counselor
will be with you in a moment.  Feel free to help yourself to the coffee
bar."

Now I was wondering what urgent matter
would require such immediate attention that I would be with a counselor
at almost midnight and after a very long day that had started in Maryland,
stopped in Everett and wound up in Idaho.  I took some coffee in the
hope of waking up and sipped as I waited.

"I'm Ms. Preston.  I'm so glad you
came so quickly, Mr. Gains," said a tall woman passing through the door.

It was shadowy and dark in the room but
I was certain that Ms. Preston clothes were latex.  The shiny dark
jeans had a soft white blouse tucked into its waist.  Her wrists were
tightly cuffed while the sleeves billowed loosely.

"I don't fully understand the urgency,
Ms. Preston, but I'm here now so what is going on?"

"We have some release forms for you to
sign.  Shirley already signed them.  Then you will be given a
complete briefing on what you need to do when you go home."

"Release forms?"

"Of course, we didn't get the formalized
forms signed before our, uh, abduction.  Sure you electronically signed
the e-mail but these are the hard copies required for legal purposes."

"I see.  And that's the main reason
you had me come all the way out here?" I was getting just a bit irritated.

"Actually, we find it's better to conduct
this last item of business in person.  Sometimes we have special details
that are best served by having the client here at the lodge.  I mean
we might have overlooked something if we had come over to Everett to drop
your wife off.  Besides, this way you can have a sumptuous evening
of rubber romping with all of our ability to please before you leave in
the morning, or afternoon, or whenever you decide.  Consider yourself
our
guest."

I looked at the forms.  In the darkness
I couldn't read all of the print.  In the usual legal way, the forms
were full of unintelligible legalese and small print that my middle age
eyes just couldn't quite see.  I saw Shirley's signature on several
lines with blanks to the left for my signature.  I figured Shirley
had a good idea of what it was all about and since she was the person who
had been subjected to the treatment. I decided if she signed it was okay
for me to sign.  I dashed my signature on the documents.  At
the bottom of the pile was one form with a line for only my signature.

"All of the forms were co-sign forms. 
This last one has just my name on it."

"It's the initial contract estimate for
the session is all, Bill.  We contracted with you, even though Shirley
was the subject of attention."

My eyes were pretty blurry by now so I
signed the form.

Ms. Preston picked up the papers and looked
them over.  "Everything appears to be in order.  Now if you'll
come with me, I think you want to have your long awaited reunion with your
latex converted wife."

Ms. Preston led me down a hall to a door
and opened it.  She stepped aside and let me in, "Enjoy, Slave Bill."

I turned at that comment but before I could
react, two burly sets of rubberized arms seized me.  I was lifted
off my feet and carried into the room.  Another pair of hands ripped
my shirt off my back while my legs were held and my shoes and socks pulled
off.  My feet were shoved into floor shackles and my wrists were shackled. 
I saw my assailants briefly before a thick latex hood pulled over my head
and my view went dark.  I only caught a glimpse of the fully covered
helpers, shiny smooth rubber accentuating their muscular bodies.

They cut my pants right off me.  Naked,
save for the hood over my face, I shivered.  Hands quickly began applying
a gelatin to my body.  I felt the touch of many rubber hands as they
worked to cover me.  Surprise and fear of this sudden treatment, yet
I felt my cock swelling with arousal as one of my secret fantasies seemed
to come true.

"Very nice, Slave.  I'm glad you are
so responsive to our treatment," Ms. Preston said. "Keep your eyes closed
for this next part.  The solution will sting your eyes if they're
open."

The hood was pulled off and the goop applied
to my head and face. Warm water washed me down.  I hazarded a quick
glance as the water stopped and before the hood sucked back over my head. 
In a mirror opposite my fettered position, I saw a body denuded of all
hair.

"You peeked.  That will cost you later,"
Ms. Preston warned.

Now my mind was battling so many opposing
thoughts and feelings.  My arousal was center focus.  I wanted
relief from my aching desire, yet I feared for my very future.  The
conflict only heightened my desire.

More slick gel was being swathed on me. 
The hands worked quickly again.  As the rubber gloves worked the stuff
around my crotch and balls, I felt a surge of pre-cum rise.  A finger
swiped the tip of my cock and there was Ms. Preston's voice, "Tasty stuff,
Slave."

Then a sharp pain shot up my body as she
flicked the tip of my tool cruelly.  "Best keep yourself under control
for now.  Maybe your Mistress will take pity on you later, if you
please her enough."

Now my feet were loose and I felt cold
latex being pulled over my skin.  The slippery surface made short
order of the wrestlers suit that covered me from thigh to shoulder. 
My cock and balls were squeezed through a very narrow hole and couched
into an awaiting ball and cock sheath.  The rigid member thrust against
the latex sheath and felt so fine.  I could feel an urge building
and knew that I was on the verge of a spontaneous ejaculation.  Feet
restrained and arms loose just long enough to slip the shoulder straps
on.  Then I was locked into the cuffs again.  I remembered the
words from Preston and tried to hold back.  I felt the slick sweat
forming under the hood and knew my exposed skin was sweating as I struggled
to hold back.  My actions weren't lost on my audience.

"Look at him trying to hold it back. 
Now we will see just what type of control he has when he isn't in control."

Now the hands were busily applying more
of the lubricating gel and soon I felt another suit being pulled over my
body.  I could tell this suit was a full catsuit.  I felt the
latex encase my feet, legs and crotch.  Hands pushed the air from
between the skin and the suit.  The suit was pulled up my chest and
as my feet were again locked down, my arms were freed to allow the sleeves
to be pulled over them.  I felt the handlers squeeze the air out of
the sleeves and attached gloves as each finger was guided into its allotted
appendage.  Again the hood was removed as the handlers pulled the
attached hood of the suit into place after first sealing my ears with latex
plugs.

This new hood allowed me to see. 
The eye openings were some sort of clear plastic.  Tubing was fed
through the nose openings and up my nostrils.  Little inflators filled
the void in the nostrils and assured a seal between tubing and sinus canal. 
A piece of latex dangled from the mouth area, but was soon shoved viciously
into my mouth using a hard rubber phallus gag.  I saw the opening
at the base of the phallus and knew it could be used to feed me or for
me to breathe through my mouth.  The tip tickled the back of my throat
and I had to fight a gag reflex.  This new test of my senses caused
my arousal to subside to a level of frustrated craving.  The flaccid
rubber around the hard gag was first tugged and adjusted.  I later
learned this was to make sure the rigid gag was completely through the
doughnut shaped pump gag.  The attached hand bulb was used to pump
it up to fill the rest of my mouth with rubber lining while sealing tightly
around the phallus gag.  The valve stem was closed and the pump bulb
removed.  The fellow screwed a small stopper into the tube and I could
only breathe through my nose.

After they finished with the hood, they
pulled the zipper up the back of the suit, sealing me behind the tight
heavy rubber.  My whole body tingled from the hot touch of rubber. 
Never had my own latex suits aroused me so much.  Then again, never
had I been completely out of control of my own fate.

My cock was pulled through another tight
sheath in the new suit.  Now that I could see, I noticed that the
sheath had a small nub on the tip.  It was threaded and plugged with
a very tiny stopper.  It was almost invisible and would surely not
keep anyone from enjoying the pleasure of my cock while keeping me completely
sheathed.  On the contrary the little nub would probably be a further
source of pleasure to the recipient of my service.  In addition, I
realized that the stopper could be removed to allow the release of any
of my bodily fluids or a tube could be added to aid with removal of my
piss.  I realized that the front of the suit was obviously prepared
for long-term enclosure.  A shiver went through me as that realization
sank in.

"He shivers as he begins to understand
the seriousness of his situation," I barely heard Ms. Preston say through
the plugged and hood covered ears.

Now I felt some hands working around my
ass and suddenly pain shot through my bowels as a shaft was unceremoniously
pushed through an opening in the suit and into my person.  The initial
pain subsided as the narrow neck of the intruder passed my sphincter and
the muscles closed around it.  The tubing attached to the shaft was
all I need to know as warm fluid began to invade my insides.  The
pressure was intense and the added element to my arousal evident as I panted
in the hood.

They filled and flushed my colon out four
times.  Then on Ms. Preston's signal, the assistant detached the tubing
and screwed a plug onto the slightly protruding end of the hard shaft.

"Since you can't see what they are doing,
I'll just let you know that they are gluing the flange of the shaft to
the outside of your suit.  Now as long as the plugs are in place,
and the strip of latex they will put over the zipper is glued in place,
you will be completely sealed in rubber."

That funny feeling in the pit of the stomach
when confronted with a revelation so stunning in its shock and so arousing
to the basic animal instinct of human sexuality flooded me with its accompanying
tingle.  I shivered again as my cock filled with even more engorging
blood and threatened to explode under all of the layers.

"And as a final touch, knowing how much
you love those intertwining layers of rubber, we will add one more suit
over the basic suit," Ms. Preston said conversationally.

That did it!  As the heavy suit was
brought into view and I felt that first extreme tightness of the thick
latex of a suit about one size too small stretch over my body, I exploded
involuntarily into the sheaths.  My tensing muscles and sudden rapid
panting through the nose tubes was unmistakable.

"Shame on you, Slave Bill.  You should
have waited for your Mistress to decide your pleasure.  I guess that
means punishment for you."

I pumped my load freely and without care
into the sheaths.  Punishment was worth it in my current frame of
mind.  The suit was pulled up quickly sealing me in tightly embracing
rubber.  If anything, my recent release of passion was unabated and
my arousal was fired anew.  This new suit didn't have a sheath. 
It did have a convenience zipper that opened through the crotch for access
to both the sheath and the rear opening.  A new thick hood was pulled
over my head.  Nose tubing and mouth openings efficiently adjusted
to the new hood openings.  This hood had a long skirt that was tucked
into the suit collar before the shoulder entry zippers were closed. 
The handlers used the latex glue to seal the hood skirt to the inside of
the high suit collar.  A wide thick latex slave collar with silver
studs and a leash ring was locked onto my neck, assuring my inability to
even get to the glued seam if I ever tried to get out of this last outer
suit.  There was a silver plate with an inscription in black on the
collar that I couldn't read in the mirror.  The silver lock hung like
a piece of jewelry under the inscription and the leash ring. After they
finished dressing me, they once again locked me hand and foot to the floor
and ceiling restraints.

"I think he's about ready to meet his mistress. 
Have a wonderful time, Slave."  Then I heard her address some instructions
to some unseen assistant as she was leaving the room.  "Make certain
the letter of resignation makes it out in the morning mail.  You can
sell all of the property with the Power of Attorney.  Let the rest
of the family know that they are on an extended vacation after his sudden
retirement."

The lump in my stomach returned anew. 
I knew that I was completely trapped and struggle not an option. 
I wondered, for the first time since this whole erotic journey began, whatever
happened to Shirley.

A door from the side opened and a stunning
mistress in latex strode into the room.  Her long stiletto boots encased
her elegant and rubberized legs.  The tight corset enclosed her waist
and highlighted her shiny latex clad mounds.  A loose cape over her
shoulders failed to hide any of the exotic rubberized features beneath. 
Her peerless spot was shrouded behind the thin latex but I could see the
full lips of her aroused pussy outlined in shadow.  She turned slightly
as she removed the cape and hung it.  I saw her ass cheeks in gleaming
perfection as the latex suit cupped them perfectly; the tight crack ran
from her nether region between each globe communicating the erotic pleasure
available between those orbs.  I was aroused despite the situation. 
Her face was covered in tight full latex and I could only see her eyes
and mouth.  The shiny black rubber framed sensual red lips. 
Red highlights streaked devilishly above her eyes.  Her crop drummed
a tattoo on her leg as she strode into the room.

She came to me and searched my eyes. 
Her hand slowly stroked my heaving chest.  I felt her other hand stray
to my crotch where she felt the bulge beneath the outer suit.

"Relax, Slave Bill.  This is your
new home and I'm your Mistress.  Let's see.  What does the inscription
say on this collar?  'Mistress Shirley's Rubber Toy.'  How appropriate. 
Now it's time for you to worship me as your latex goddess."
