---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Motel Discovery
authors:
- Hubby
tags:
- F-m
- bond
- fem
- motel
- caught
- sex
- hum
- cons
- X
date: 2010-04-26 00:00:00
---

As a 70 year old male who has been a widower for several years, I finally found a new gal to fill the void left in my life. I married her, though she is 15 years my junior. We get along fine with us being together almost 24 hours a day. She got laid off just after we were married, so we spend lots of time together.

When it comes to sex, I got a wild cat. This gal seems to have a thirst for all kinds of sexual games. I introduced her to the bondage game, but she wasn’t too cool on being tied up.

One day, she decided she would like to turn the tables and see how it was for her to be the dominant one. That opened the door for a whole new game, as I enjoy both sides.

When she decides she wants to play, I end up with a collar and a leash around the neck, hands behind my back with rope or cuffs, and she decides what is next. I never know when, and I tell her she has the decision as to when and where the games begin. It can be in the evening, or early am. I will do any thing she wishes and she loves the domination of her guy.

There are times I take a shower, and she will have taken my clothes and left something different, or perhaps just some hand cuffs, which I have been taught that they are to be in back with my wrists in them.

The other night, I was about to go to sleep, and she got up, went to our toy drawer, got her leash and cuffs, and 5 minutes later I was on our back porch tied to a post that holds our patio cover up. My body was secured by ropes to the post with me standing, and when I was totally secured, she came out with a knife and cut my underwear off. The next thing I felt was saran wrap being wrapped around my body from the legs up. She told me she didn’t want me to get cold.

The street lamp on the corner lights up that area a bit, and if someone walked up the sidewalk they would be able to see me, so it is a bit stressful. Guess that is why she waited until about 9:00 pm.

We have a leather hood that she likes to use to hide my sight and also a gag for my mouth in case I want to protest. It laces up tight in the back, and once it’s on, I am stuck with it until she decides different.

She has been buying clothing she can wear for her playtimes, such as boots, a corset, some tight leather clothes. She looks hot, but only until the blindfold goes on. Then it’s in my mind what she has planned next.

A few weeks ago we were out of town and stayed at a Motel 6. In the morning she told me she had a surprise for me. She went to the car, gathered up our play suitcase that I didn’t know we had brought, and returning to the room took over as the mistress again. It wasn’t long before I was tied spread eagle to the other queen bed, stripped to a pair of ladies panties, that she likes me to wear, and the mask again took my eye sight as she stuck a gag in my mouth and secured it tightly. Before she was done, I was in a position that I could barely move a toe with the cuffs and extra ropes around me and tied around the mattress.

She then wrote a note to the maid service, which I found out about later, leaving it on the bed beside me, then left the room, hanging the maid service sign on the door.

Having your sight taken messes with the timing, but it seems about a half hour later, there was a knock at the door, and the maid was saying maid service. A couple of knocks later, I heard the door open, and a sigh and she said something in Spanish. There was silence, and then I sensed someone beside the bed. I heard a paper being taken from the bed, she was probably reading a note. There was silence again, then I felt a hand on my wrist feeling for a pulse. I could sense the maid leaving the room, and in a few minutes came back with someone else, a female and probably another maid. The second girl gasped at the new discovered sight.

I could sense them near the bed. In a couple of minutes I felt a hand on my nylon panties, as one of them was checking me out. They were talking and laughing and I was stuck there for them to discover. Soon there were hands from both the girls on my body. I was getting turned on and it was evident as they played . Soon, they left the room, and I settled down, thinking at least my face was covered and they won’t recognize me when we leave.

It was a few minutes later someone came back in the room. It got very quiet. I could sense someone undressing as I thought I heard clothes hitting the floor. There was weight on the bed as someone joined me. Soon, who ever it was, started playing with me through the panties, and eventually pulling them to one side and bearing me for all to see, whoever was there. I felt weight on me, and then I was being mounted. There was nothing to do but enjoy the attention so I tried.

Who ever it was, they had a wild ride, when she climaxed she fell on me and when she caught her breath she climbed off the bed and I could hear her in the bathroom and a few moments later she headed towards the door and was gone.

It must have been about 20 minutes later that my wife came in and noted that I was still there. She took off my hood and emptied my mouth, I told her what happened and she acted like she didn’t believe me. My panties were wet from the games. She said she went across to the coffee shop to eat breakfast and thought I would enjoy the extra forced nap. I think that it was her that came back and took advantage of me, but am not sure.

She said that I must have had a dream, but It was real and I really don’t know who it was. The love making didn’t seem like her normal movements.

When we left there were 2 cleaning gals a couple of rooms down the hall who were sure looking at me. I have no idea if one of them were my visitor that morning or not.

My wife showed me a note she wrote. It read, ' Do not be afraid of my little slave. He is tied and harmless. Check him out if you like, show your friends, enjoy the sight and watch him squirm. Use him if you like. Spank his ass while your at it. I will return for him in about an hour, signed, his owner.'

She gets excited to be the boss, so it makes our life much more exciting. I don’t know what will happen next and it keeps me on my toes.
The hubby
