---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: What Was I Thinking
authors:
- Sutton
tags:
- Sbm
- rope
- cuffs
- gag
- nude
- caught
- FF-m
- bond
- tease
- torment
- insert
- mast
- hum
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2011-08-13 00:00:00
---

It was mid July and I had some vacation time to use, so I took a few days off. My wife and I both work at professional jobs and often have trouble scheduling our together, although we do manage a couple of weeks in the mountains or at the beach. This time my wife was out of town for a few days on business and I had the house to myself.

We lead what I would call a “free” lifestyle since our home is out in the country with no neighbors nearby. By this I mean that nudity around the house is normal for both of us and we enjoy ourselves playing bondage games, both indoors and out. At this particular time, it had been quite a while since I’d been bound anywhere (work schedules and social obligations had been very hectic). After two days of walking around naked and working on my tan by the pool I was horny and wishing my wife was home to help me work out some of my frustrations. She would be home at the end of the week but I didn’t think I could wait that long so I decided to do a bit of bondage on my own. This was something I’d never done before but thought it would be safe. After all, if I something went wrong and I couldn’t get free, all I would have to do was wait for her to return.

I made my plans to do the bondage the morning before Ellen was due back from her trip. That way, I thought, if I got stuck it would only be for less than twenty-four hours and I wasn’t going to do anything strict enough to be dangerous. In my own mind I was going to be as safe as a babe in arms.

Friday morning arrived and I laid out the gear for my adventure. I got out our favorite handcuffs, some 3/8 inch nylon rope, a ball gag and some assorted toys and clamps. I showered and had a light breakfast before beginning. I suppose I did this to give myself time to think over what I was planning. As I ate, I ran through my plan. I would tie my ankles and knees then gag myself and cuff my hands behind my back. It was a simple bondage and I would be able to move around by hopping or sliding along the floor, yet it would give me the feeling of confinement that I was looking for.

Before I could change my mind, I went into the bedroom and began to tie myself up. I tied and cinched my ankles together and followed this by tying my knees in a similar fashion. Next, I put the ball gag into my mouth and secured the straps tightly behind my head. Finally, I reached behind my back with the cuffs and closed one side around my left wrist. I experienced the excitement and dread of placing the other cuff around my right wrist. I hesitated a second or two before snapping it shut. Well, it was done now and there was no turning back. It would be simple enough to unlock the cuffs and free my legs, after I completed my trip around the house.

Leaving the keys on the bedside table, I stood up and tested my bonds. I had done a fairly good job for my first attempt. I was restrained but still able to move around easily enough by hopping slowly. This was going to be fun (or so I thought). I hopped from the bedroom, down the hall to the living room. There I hesitated because we live in a split level house and there are a few stairs to navigate to get to the lower level. I decided to sit and sort of slide my butt down the stars and get back onto my feet at the bottom. This took a few minutes as I was being careful not to fall over.

Finally, I reached the lower level and was able to stand up. I, happily, hopped through the living room and dining room into the kitchen. It felt exhilarating to be tied by my own hand and I was wishing Ellen was there to see it. As I stood in front of the sliding doors to our deck, I was able to see myself reflected in the glass. There I was, hands cuffed and ankles bound, sporting a raging hard on! “If only we had some neighbors close by”, I thought. Just then, the phone rang and the answering machine picked it up.

“Hi, Bob,” it was Ellen, “I guess you’re out. I just want to let you know that I’ll be staying an extra day to finalize a couple of details. I’ll be flying out tomorrow night instead of tonight and I’ll be home on Sunday.” Damn, that wasn’t news I wanted to hear! “By the way, I forgot to tell you this before I left; I hired a cleaning service to come and pick the place up before I get back. I know you can be a slob, sometimes, and I don’t want to be cleaning when I can use the time to have fun with you. I expected you to be golfing or playing tennis so I gave the service a key to get in. they said they would have someone there around noon. Please try to keep the place clean after they’re done and I promise we’ll play some of your favorite games when I get home. I love you and I’ll see you soon. Bye.”

I stood there for a moment, stunned by what she’d said. She seemed to be as eager to play as I was.  I just stood there drifting into a dream about what was going to happen on Sunday. Maybe Ellen would tie me just like I was only out by the pool or maybe in the wood lot at the back of our property. But a glance at the clock pulled me back to reality. The cleaning service was supposed to arrive around noon. My god! It was almost eleven forty-five! It had taken me at least half an hour to get through the house and I had only half that time to get back to the bedroom and the keys. I had to hurry!

Let me tell you, hopping slowly isn’t too hard, but doing it quickly is another story. It was hard to keep my balance. I bumped into chairs and knocked things down, making quite a mess! I was so intent on getting through the house that I never heard the car pull up the driveway. The sound of the key in the front door lock stopped me cold! I had only reached the bottom of the stairs when I heard it and realized the cleaners were early!

I froze like a deer in the headlights when I heard the door open and a woman gasp, “Oh my god!” I turned my head to see two women standing in the doorway. They were both around thirty and fairly nice looking. Both wore jeans and tee shirts  with the cleaning service name printed on them.

“Let’s get out of here and call the cops, Jan,” the short brunette whispered.

:”We can’t just leave him like that, Sandy,” the taller red head replied. “He looks like he needs help. We have to, at least, make sure he’s ok.”

“What if this is a burglary or something? We could get hurt.”

“I didn’t see any cars around so I think its safe. If it was a burglary the robbers are long gone.” Jan came over to me as I stood there stupidly and asked if I was okay. I nodded “yes”. “Are you Mr. Kowalski?” Again I nodded. “Have you been robbed?” I shook my head “no”.

“See, Sandy? We’re safe: there are no robbers. I bet our friend here did this to himself but I don’t know why he did it now. Unless he didn’t know we were coming. Keep an eye on him while I look around.”

Jan took a quick look around the house, checking all the rooms. When she was satisfied that no one else was there she came back. “Well, it looks like we’re alone and, from the message on his machine; his wife won’t be home until Sunday. This is turning out to be an interesting day.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Well, how often do you run into something like this?  We only had two jobs today; that old lady in town and this one. We don’t have to go back to the office because the jobs were paid for in advance and we have the rest of the day to do this one. I don’t know about you, but I see some fun possibilities here.” She turned to me and asked if I was expecting anyone and, without thinking, I shook my head. “There you have it. We have all day to clean the place and have some fun.”

“I don’t know, Sandy, it’s not right.”

“Right or not, we don’t see this kind of thing every day and I’d like to take advantage of the situation. Come on, it will be fun.”

“We might get into trouble and I need this job. I don’t want to get fired.”

“Mr. Kowalski isn’t in any position to cause us problems. I’ll just call Gail at the office and explain to her how we found him all tied up and that he did it himself and wanted us to leave him like that for his wife to find. She’ll laugh about it and think he’s just some kind of harmless pervert. Everything will be okay.”

I hadn’t noticed that Jan had some rope in her hand until she pushed me against the railing on the stairs and began wrapping it around the chain on my handcuffs. She had me secured to the railing before I realized what she was doing. “That should hold him until we’re finished cleaning.”

So there I stood, naked, bound hand and foot awaiting who knows what at the hands of these two strangers. What was I thinking when I decided to do this? I certainly hadn’t expected things to end up like this!

The two women were efficient and professional in spite of the fact that I was naked and tied to the stair rail. Sandy went about cleaning the kitchen, doing dishes and laundry, while Jan vacuumed and dusted the living room. For the most part, I was ignored. There were occasional comments about how ridiculous the situation was and a few about how I looked all tied up but mostly they talked about normal things. Of course I was frustrated and embarrassed and I tried to get loose. Jan had secured my handcuffs to the railing and tied the final knots so that they were out of reach. My futile attempts to escape went unnoticed. They finally finished cleaning the upper level and came back to sit in the living room.

“Okay, Miss Know-it-all, what do we do now?” Sandy asked.

“I’ve been thinking about that. I think our friend needs some help relieving some tension. I’ve been watching him and his dick keeps getting hard and going soft. Since he can’t do anything about it, I guess we’re going to have to do it for him.”

“I don’t know if I like the sound of that. While I am enjoying looking at him all naked and tied, I don’t want to have sex with him.”

“Neither do I but we can do things to him that may get him off. There’s a box of stuff in the bedroom closet that will be a lot of help. I’ll go and get it.”

I have to admit that hearing them talk about me like I was just an object was making me excited; a fact that Jan noticed immediately. “What did I tell you? He seems to be enjoying this as much as we are.” As she walked past me on the way to the bedroom she squeezed my cock and made me moan. “I’ll be right back, sweetie. Don’t go away.”

Sandy came over to me and ran her hand over my chest and down to my groin. I shivered at her touch. “Are you really enjoying this?” I nodded affirmatively. It was a fantasy of mine but I’d never discussed it with anyone. Ellen didn’t even know about it. Sandy traced a circle around my left nipple causing another shiver to run through me. “I don’t know what Jan has in mind but I think we’re all going to have fun.”

Jan returned with the box of toys Ellen and I used during our play sessions. Knowing what was in it caused me some dread but, at the same time sent my mind racing. Having our toys used on me by two strangers was an exciting thought. I had no way to prevent them from doing whatever they wanted to.

“Let’s see what we have in here,” Jan said when she returned. She began removing items from the box. I knew what was in it; leather wrist and ankle cuffs, some light chains and pad locks, several gags, coils of rope and, assorted nipple clamps and vibrators. The girls were amazed at the amount of toys. “This is the first thing we need to use,” Jan said, pulling a long black scarf from the box. She walked over to me and wrapped it around my head, covering my eyes completely.

I could only listen as they examined the contents of the box. “Look at this vibrator, I’d love to feel that inside me,” Jan said.

“I bet these clamps really squeeze your nipples when they’re tightened up,” Sandy added. “But what is this strappy thing for?” They’d found my cock and ball harness, by the sound of it.

“I’ve heard of those. It’s a harness for his privates. The long strap goes around his cock and his sack and the short one pulls up between his balls and separates them. Should we see how it works?”

“Yes and let’s try these clamps, too.” I felt cool hands stroke my cock as the strap was tightened around the base of my cock and balls. It took them a few minutes to figure out how to get the other straps fastened to keep my cock hard and separate my balls. They pulled the straps tighter than Ellen had ever done. The pressure was incredible. Next, the nipple clamps were put in place. These, too, were tightened to an extent that I’d never experienced before. I was in sweet agony.  Once the items were in place I was released from the railing and lead, hopping, into the living room.

“This is unbelievable, Jan. Look at how big his cock is now. I’ll wake up tomorrow thinking this was a dream.”

“You won’t think that if we have some pictures. I have my digital camera in the car. I’ll get it and we can take some pictures of this for ourselves. Pictures will help assure that Mr. Kowalski, here, doesn’t make trouble for us, too.” I groaned helplessly. I didn’t want photos of this. I just wanted them to let me loose. In what I’d guessed to be a few minutes, I heard the click of the camera’s shutter. They must have taken turns posing with me and snapping pictures. Finally, Jan said, “If you’re a good boy, sweetie, and don’t cause us any problems, these won’t end up on the internet.” I just stood there and hung my head.

I was kept blindfolded but my bonds were changed. The handcuffs and ropes were replaced by my leather cuffs and chains. I had no idea of how much time had passed but I was subjected to all manor of sexual torment. One of them constantly kept me on the verge of cumming while the other would use vibrators or feathers to increase my arousal.

Ellen often teased my anus with a vibrator but, up to this point, I’d never experienced full penetration. One of the girls lubed up our largest vibrator and pushed it into me without allowing me to relax. It hurt like hell and I screamed into the gag. “It’ll feel better in a minute, sweetie,” Jan assured me. Slowly, the vibrations relaxed my muscles as they slid it in and out. My cock jerked violently as I shot the biggest load of my life onto the floor. I fell to my knees, exhausted.

“I think he’s had enough for now. It’s getting late and we should leave.” I thought I was going to be set free when I heard that.

“Okay, but let’s get him up to his room,” Jan told Sandy.

They helped me walk up the stairs and into bed. My cuffs were removed and they tied me spread eagled to the corners of my bed. A few more pictures were taken and finally the blindfold was removed.

“Why did you tie him to the bed?” Sandy asked.

“Don’t be silly, Sandy. We’ll come back in the morning for some more fun. This way we know he’ll be here waiting for us.” I groaned helplessly. This wasn’t at all what I’d expected. A glance at the clock told me I’d been tied up for almost twelve hours with no hope for release until some time the next day. At least they removed the cock harness and nipple clamps before leaving.

In spite of my situation, I fell asleep. My dreams were mixed images of the real situation and fantasies. I dreamt of them taking me, naked, from my home to some unknown location where other women were waiting to use and abuse me. I was the main attraction at a party; serving food and drinks to a room full of strangers while they groped and humiliated me. The ringing of the phone woke me up. I looked at the clock and saw that I’d slept until noon. I could barely make out the message being left …

“Change of plans again…. finished early…… see you soon.”

Oh no! It was Ellen and she was coming home today! I twisted and struggled trying to get free but Jan had done a good job of tying me to the bed. The ropes were tight and I couldn’t reach the knots. How would I ever explain this to my wife???? After half an hour of struggling I laid there exhausted and drenched in sweat. Just then, I heard the front door open. It had to be Jan and Sandy coming back for more “fun”. I had to make them release me somehow.

“Well, look at you! I leave you alone for a week and you get yourself into a serious fix.” It was Ellen! “I should leave you like this but I suppose you’ve had enough.”

She came over to the bed and looked closely at me. I turned away in embarrassment. Then I felt her hand on my cock. I was hard in an instant and she commented on that fact.

“You sure are sensitive today. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you get so hard so fast. What did those girls do to you? Before I untie you I just have to put that cock to good use.”

Ellen stripped off her clothes and mounted me. She rode me like a mad woman until we both climaxed. Without a word, she got off the bed and went into the shower. Then it hit me. She’d said “What did those girls do to you?” She knew about it. But how did she know? A few minutes later I found out.

Ellen came out of the shower and sat naked beside me. “I hope you enjoyed yourself last night. It cost me quite a bit to set up that little surprise. I found some of the pictures you’ve saved on the computer and read some of the self-bondage stories you downloaded, too. I was thinking you might try some of it yourself while I was out of town. One story really got me thinking about it; the one where the guy surprises his wife by tying himself up for her. I thought maybe I could switch it up a bit by having someone catch you at it and taking control.” At that point, she removed my gag.

Through my aching jaws I asked, “But how did you know I would do it on Friday?”

“I just know you too well. I figured you would do a practice session at the end of the week incase something went wrong. You’d only be stuck for a day instead of a week and I’d let you loose when I got home. The girls work for my friend, Gail, and I worked out the details with her. She offered two girls she trusts extra money to come over to catch you. If you hadn’t been tied up they would have cleaned the house and left. When you didn’t answer the phone yesterday I knew my plan was going to work.”

Ellen untied me and massaged my aching muscles. She helped me into the shower and went to make us something to eat. I was silent the whole time. When we finished eating, Ellen did the dishes and straightened up the kitchen while I lay out in the sun to relax. She came out and said, “The girls called me last night and told me how everything went. They’re coming back this afternoon to show me what they did. I hope you’re up for it?”

I just looked at her in shock. I married a crazy woman! What was I thinking?
