---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Tough Love Part 4: Isolation'
authors:
- Graymangazer
tags:
- F-f
- M-f
- F-m
- D-s
- femdom
- breast
- insert
- toys
- chast
- bond
- gag
- bdsm
- straitjacket
- hood
- display
- nipple
- torment
- cuckold
- oral
- sex
- denial
- climax
- cons-reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Tough Love Part 3: Punished**](toughlove3.html))

**Part 4: Isolation**

At eleven o’clock on Monday morning, Lucy was at her desk. She had her computer open to a website of an adult store as she spoke on the phone, "Yes okay, thanks. My assistant will come by within the next couple of hours to collect my order. Thank you and bye," she closed her phone and slumped back in her chair, gasping, "you are such a bitch Amy. I’m sure you were doing that on purpose just to embarrass me," she said breathlessly. She stroked the head of the woman kneeling between her thighs. She was enjoying the sensation of Amy’s tongue licking deep in her pussy. Lucy kept telling herself she was not attracted to women, but this was becoming an almost daily occurrence. She pulled Amy’s head against her sopping crotch. She bit down on her knuckle to stop herself making too much noise as she climaxed into Amy’s busy mouth.

"By god girl you’re good at that. Almost good enough to turn me lesbian," she gasped and pushed Amy back onto her haunches.

Lucy composed herself and sat upright. She straightened her skirt, "Now, I want you to go to this address and collect the things I just ordered. Take my card. It should only take you an hour or so," she ordered the kneeling woman.

Amy took the offered card and still kneeling, looked up at her boss and asked "Please ma,am, when will you take my chastity belt off? You keep saying you will and its been weeks now".

Lucy sighed "Alright. I’ll tell you what. You choose yourself a nice big dildo and if I’m impressed enough by your choice, I’ll remove the belt and you can fuck yourself silly. Now scoot. I have arrangements to make".

\* \* \*

An hour later Lucy knocked on Stephens door and entered his office. Seeing he was on the phone, she quietly made her way around his desk and knelt beside his chair. Stephen continued his telephone conversation as he roughly wound his hand into Lucy’s hair and pulled her head down to his crotch. Lucy bit her tongue to stop herself squealing: knowing Stephen would not be happy if she interrupted his call. With her face buried in the crotch of his pants she managed to free her arms from her dress and pull the top down so as to expose her breasts the way she knew Stephen liked. Then she struggled to undo his fly. She freed his erection which slapped against her cheek. She was able to twist her head enough to feed the penis into her mouth, but could only suck and use her tongue as Stephen held her head immobile. She heard him hang up the phone and he pushed her head hard down, forcing himself deep into the back of her throat. Lucy knew not to resist as he roughly fucked her face. It was only a couple minutes until Stephen forced Lucy hard onto him with one hand, and crushed and twisted her breast painfully with the other. Then her mouth was flooded with cum.

Stephen pushed her away. Lucy stayed on her knees and licked a stray splash of sperm from her bottom lip. She waited as Stephen got his breath back. She had seen him like this before, it was plain he’d had some business problem and he had taken out his frustrations on her. He sighed and sat up straight. He leaned forward and began to playfully twist Lucy’s nipples. She knew then he was in a better mood.

"You wanted something my dear?" he asked

Lucy groaned in discomfort but pushed her sore breasts out for Stephen to abuse "mmmmm…..yes. I just wanted to let you know that I’m planning a small party on Saturday, there will be a few friends, some food and drink and I have something planned that you might find amusing," she said ignoring the pain from her breasts

"Would this something involve your unfortunate husband by any chance?" he asked with a grin.

"Maybe," Lucy teased .

"I’ll look forward to it. Until Saturday," Stephen said and with a final pinch of her nipples he turned away to carry on working. Lucy knew she was dismissed. She stood to leave, her breasts naked until she reached the outer office.

\* \* \*

Amy returned carrying a large box as Lucy sat down at her desk. She grinned wickedly. She still felt humiliated by Stephens treatment of her. Now she had the perfect opportunity to take out her frustrations on someone else "Come in Amy. Close the door. I’m so glad your back," she purred.

\* \* \*

"Not another one please ma,am, they really hurt," Amy pleaded with Lucy as a rubber band was pulled over her breast and released with a snap, "aaaaaaaagh please no more," she begged.

"Oh stop whining. I took your belt off didn’t I?" Lucy smirked.

\* \* \*

Lucy had kept her promise. When Amy had placed the box on the floor, Lucy had opened it to find lots of shiny black leather with straps and buckles.

"Yum. This looks perfect. Now did you get yourself anything?" she enquired raising an eyebrow.

"What is all that ma,am?" Amy asked instead of answering the question.

"Never you mind. All will be revealed on Saturday evening at my party," Lucy told her.

"Oh I’m sorry ma,am but I don’t think I will be able to make it: I have a date on Saturday"

"Not anymore you don’t. I need you at my house, you are to be my maid," Lucy corrected her.

"But ma,am please ," Amy started.

"Shut up," Lucy snapped, "you will do as you are told. Now show me what you bought for yourself?" she continued.

Amy slumped in defeat. She knew it was no use arguing. Lucy wouldn’t relent, so she opened the bag she was holding to reveal an enormous dildo. She held it up and couldn’t stop herself giggling.

"Very impressive I must say," Lucy said, "now lets get your belt off. I want to see that monster inside you," she stood and approached Amy, licking her lips in anticipation.

Amy was shocked: she thought Lucy had been joking. She never imagined she would really have to fuck herself. If she had, she wouldn’t have chosen such a big dildo.

"Come on don’t mess about, strip now," Lucy ordered.

Amy was pleased she was going to be free of this ghastly belt at last. But at what price? Not wanting to rile Lucy any further she reluctantly began to undress. In a couple of minutes Amy was naked and Lucy unlocked the belt. Amy’s hands immediately went to her crotch to massage the area denied her for so many weeks. Lucy slapped Amys hands away.

"God you’re such a slut. Now get down on your knees and spread your legs," Lucy commanded.

Amy reluctantly knelt and moved her knees apart. She was nervous at what she knew was about to happen, but at the same time felt herself becoming aroused.

Lucy squatted before her victim and placed the dildo upright on the floor between Amys thighs, "Lower yourself onto it," she said.

Amy pushed down slowly and tentatively. She felt the artificial cock against her pussy. She gasped as it began to stretch her, she knew it was too big, "Oh no, I can’t Lucy its too big," she cried.

"Don’t be such a wuss. Maybe you just need encouragement," with that Lucy went to her desk and opened a drawer. She had thought of something Stephen had done to her a couple of times. Now she could feel what it was like from the other side.

She placed a large bag of rubber bands on the floor. And taking one she stretched it, and placed it around the base of Amy’s breast. She then repeated the procedure with the other breast. The elastic dug into the soft flesh forcing Amys boobs to swell. It wasn’t painful, but Lucy knew this was just the beginning. Taking another band, she held it stretched over Amys left breast, then suddenly released the rubber to let it snap onto the tender flesh. Amy squealed loud. Lucy slapped her face, "Shut up slut. The quicker you get that cock buried inside you, the sooner I stop using these," she then emphasized the point by snapping a band onto Amy’s other breast.

Tears ran freely down Amy’s face as she struggled to force the dildo into herself. Her breasts were so painful, it was hard to concentrate. Very soon she had at least six bands of stinging elastic biting into each of her sore boobs. Lucy had taken great delight in snapping each one onto Amy’s tender flesh. she watched as Amys tits turned from white to red, then grow darker until they were almost mauve. Lucy found some smaller bands and had an idea: she managed to double them up and with some fiddling she placed them over Amys nipples. Amy’s body shook as she cried. Her breasts were a burning agony. She felt she was being split in two by the dildo being forced inside her. And now her nipples stung unbearably.

"Sob…please…sob …Lucy I can’t do it, sob….please let me stop I beg, sob…you," she cried.

Lucy took Amys lower jaw in her hand and forced the poor girl to look into her face, "I’ve got hundreds of rubber bands here. So, do you think you can bury that thing inside you before I use them all, or not? because to be truthful, I’m having a whale of a time and if I run out of bands or can’t find any flesh to put them on I’m sure I can think of something else to amuse me," she smiled evilly and picked up two more bands.

After another thirty minutes Amy had given up. She could no longer force the dildo any deeper. As it was, there were about twelve inches inside her, but there were at least another six to go. She conceded she could take no more. Her breasts were distorted with what seemed like hundreds of rubber bands digging into her. The flesh was now purple with blue veins showing clearly. Lucy though, had grown bored with torturing Amys tits. She now snapped a band around the girls neck, to join the dozens of others digging into the flesh of Amy’s head, pulling her face into a grotesque mask.

When Lucy realised Amy had stopped trying to force the dildo into herself, and now simply knelt accepting her torture, it stopped being fun. Lucy stroked Amy's tear sodden face, "You tried my sweet. Maybe next time you will succeed. Now you just stay as you are while I remove the bands from your mouth, then after you lick me, I’ll let you go," she whispered and ran her tongue across Amy’s rubber band covered mouth.

Amy was fortunate in one respect: Lucy had been frustrated since her meeting with Stephen, and was now so aroused that she climaxed in just a couple of minutes. She laid on the floor with her legs splayed lewdly as Amy sucked eagerly on he clitoris. Satiated Lucy then climbed wearily to her feet and collapsed onto her chair at her desk. She nodded, giving Amy permission to remove the remainder of the bands and raise herself off the dildo.

Amy tried in vain to wipe her tears away as she gently pulled the bands from her head and breasts. She gathered up her clothes and left the office naked as Lucy waved her away.

She was dismissed.

\* \* \*

I wasn’t really enjoying my life at that moment. It seemed to be nothing but endless toil. Most days I had to take the bus to work because Lucy would have to go straight to a meeting or suchlike. Then I would have to rush home later, again on the bus, to give me enough time to do all the chores that needed to be done. There would always be a note from Lucy waiting for me, with instructions for me to do something that she had decided needed to be done. It usually left me with very little time of my own, but how could I complain? I was bringing no real money into the house, and because of that my lovely wife was having to work extra hard. I really felt for her as she was working late more and more often, sometimes even staying overnight in an hotel or a colleagues home, leaving me lonely or at the tender mercies of Lynn.

I found the situation most strange. Here was I, locked in a chastity belt, having to be almost constantly supervised because I had yet to regain Lucy’s trust. And bizarrely she had chosen a gorgeous nineteen year old to be alone with me for hours on end. But then, what could I do locked up as I was? maybe this was some sort of test to see if I could be trusted. I wouldn’t have been at all surprised if Lynn had Lucy’s ear, reporting on any developments that may occur. But I felt safe in that regard. I had already learned my lesson. Besides, I loved Lucy and I never wanted to hurt her again.

Lynn though, was growing into her role: she no longer appeared unsure of herself whenever she made a decision or needed to reprimand me, and reprimand me she did. She had no compunction in watching me work or inspecting my completed tasks down to the smallest detail. I sometimes suspected she actually enjoyed finding fault with me. And when she did, she would have me do the whole job again. I never argued, even though I thought she was wrong on most occasions. I had given Lucy my word to obey Lynn. Being bossed by a teenager in my own house was humiliating enough, I certainly didn’t want to be punished by her as well. That was something else I regretted agreeing to. So I kept quiet and did as I was told. Even waiting on her and her girlfriends when she commanded me to. I don’t know what she had told them about our relationship, but her friends never hesitated in giving me commands and treating me like a servant.

Lynn had left for the day. I had spent the last hour cleaning Lucy’s bathroom, before collapsing into a chair with a cold beer. I would have to start dinner soon, as Lucy would be home in about an hour. I had taken only a mouthful of beer when the phone rang. The caller display showed it was Lucy, and I immediately perked up at the prospect of hearing her voice, "Hello Luce how’s it going?" I asked cheerily.

"Not so well I’m afraid. It looks like we’ll be hard at it for another few hours at least. I’m sorry to ask honey but would you do me a huge favour?" she sounded, to me, tied and overworked.

"Anything you want you just say the word, I’m yours to command," I laughed.

"Oh you’re such a darling. Listen, poor old Barry has been at it non stop this evening. I think I’ve worn him out and the thing is, he’s supposed to be going away later tonight and he needs his sports bag from his office. He was planning to collect some clean shorts and things from home but he won’t have time now. So could you be a hon, and nip back to work to fetch his kit? He can then pick it up from you around ten o’clock after we finish here. Oh and if you wouldn’t mind giving it a quick wash through that would be great?" she explained.

I slumped down in my chair. It was going to be another lonely evening. Washing some other guys dirty socks and jockstrap was the last thing I wanted to do, besides by the time I had travelled to the office and back, I’d be lucky to get any rest at all. But then I reminded myself of all the things Lucy had done for me recently and I knew it would be churlish of me to refuse. After all, she hadn’t complained about the amount of work she was having to do.

"Okay Lucy. I’ll do what I can but what about dinner?" I tried to sound as upbeat as possible.

"Oh, we have some sandwiches here. I think I’ll be too tired to eat anyway. Why don’t you get yourself something and we’ll see you about ten. I’ll make it up to you, I promise. I love you, " she finished.

"I love you too Luce. See you later," I closed the phone and sighed. I poured my beer down the kitchen sink then found my shoes. It was going to be a long night.

\* \* \*

Lucy put down her phone and picked up her glass of champagne. She took a sip and stroked the back of Barry’s head as he gently sucked on her nipple. He looked up at her, and moved up the king-size bed to kiss her lips. `God, she was so sexy`, he felt like the luckiest man in the world.

"Why do you stay with your husband if you hate him so much?" he asked her.

Lucy looked at him with a wrinkled brow, "What on earth makes you think I hate John?".

"Well, look how you treat him: you lie to him, you cheat on him, you humiliate him… why?"

"I do those things because I love him of course. I love John more than anything in the world," she answered as though the reason was obvious.

"It just seems a strange way to love someone," Barry remarked.

"Its hard to explain," Lucy began as she sat up and spoke, "its well…..let me see. I’m here laying in a luxurious bed drinking champagne, having just spent the last hour having sex. Very soon I will spend another hour having more sex. Then I’ll get dressed, and you will take me to a posh restaurant for dinner, where I will be spoilt terribly by both you and the waiters. And after that, I will go home to my husband, who has been doing mind numbing work all day, and has spent the evening running around town and washing the smalls of the man who is fucking his wife. He probably hasn’t even had time for a sandwich. Then when I arrive home, he will wait on me and pamper me while I try to think of ways to make his life ever more miserable. And all this is happening because of me and the power I have over him. The more I enjoy my life, the more it turns me on when John is suffering. I don’t expect you to understand, but as an acquaintance of mine once said, power is the ultimate turn on, and I have learnt that he is right".

Barry still didn’t really understand. But, he was fucking the most gorgeous woman he had ever met, and he was pretty sure he could make her his eventually, "Well I hope you don’t ever plan to treat me like that. I guess I’ll have to keep my wits about me," he said offhandedly.

"Oh Barry, there’s no chance of that: I don’t love you do I? After all, you are only sex to me. And as they say, "you only hurt the ones you love," now enough of this analysing. Lets see what’s getting hard again. Unless you think your mouth is as good as Johns?" Lucy mocked, Barry felt slightly deflated by her remarks, but still he rolled into her waiting arms, determined to please her.

\* \* \*

Lucy didn’t make it up to me that night. She said she was too tired. So I made her a late supper, which she didn’t eat, and gave her a massage, which only made me horny and gave me a painful erection. But she did tell me she had plans for the coming Saturday that I might find enjoyable. It was the word "might" that I worried about.

I was on tenterhooks for the rest of the week. Lucy kept hinting that she had something special planed, but I had no way to know whether it was good or bad.

Saturday morning found us relaxing on the patio by the pool. We had had a late breakfast and I prepared a couple of steaks for lunch. I felt we were just like any other married couple, if I overlooked that I was locked in a cock cage. But I was determined to make the most of it and tried to be as happy as possible.

At about five o’clock, Lucy announced she wanted to play a game. I was nervous: this could turn out to be an amazing evening for me or a nightmare, I had no way of knowing which. I just had to put my trust in Lucy, after all she would never do anything to hurt me, would she?.

\* \* \*

She led me into the house and told me to strip while she got herself ready. I was naked within a minute and waited with baited breath. I was somewhat disappointed when Lucy returned dressed normally. She was carrying a large box which she placed on the floor.

"Do you trust me John?" she asked.

"Of Course I do," I replied, wondering where this was going.

"Okay then. I want you to do everything I say. This is something I saw on the internet, and it made me soooo excited. I just couldn’t wait to do it with the man I love."

Her words reassured me, and I allowed her to tie my hands behind my back, wrist to elbow. Then she had me stand on a small circular platform, which she had placed in our walk in cupboard, off the room that Lucy used as an office. The platform had a chrome post rising from the centre, about three feet high. Lucy used leather straps to secure my legs tight to the pole. I must admit, even though I trusted Lucy implicitly, I was becoming worried. And it seemed with good reason as she pushed a small rubber bag into my mouth. She then inflated it by pumping a rubber bulb attached by a tube to the gag. Once inflated, it filled my mouth and stretched my jaws wide, I realised then, that it was too late to protest.

I was now mute and trapped as Lucy wrapped me in a black leather straightjacket, she buckled the many straps tight. I had to wonder where had she gotten these things from. She then moved round behind me and I felt her doing something to the pole to which I was attached, "stand on tiptoe," she told me. I had no idea what she had in mind, but I automatically did as she said. I tried to look over my shoulder, to see what she was doing. I felt something pushing between my buttocks and against my ass. I squirmed a bit to escape whatever it was but the object stayed fixed in position. I tried to gingerly lower myself down from my toes and immediately jumped back up: I felt whatever Lucy had placed there start to enter my ass.

I was really worried about my situation now and tried to convey my fears to her. Lucy saw the alarm on my face and grinned wickedly. She gave me a hug and kissed my face before she squirted something from a tube into my ears. I panicked and shook my head madly but then I felt the substance swelling and setting hard. I could see Lucy’s lips move as she spoke but I could only hear what seemed like a distant mumble. I was still trying to work out what this was all about when Lucy reached toward my face with something the same colour and material as the straightjacket. Two short tubes protruded from the centre and these Lucy inserted into my nose. Feeling very scared, I really did start to panic, but I was in no position to resist as she pulled, what I now realised was a hood, over my head. I struggled, trying to stop her but the probe again began to enter my ass, reminding me to stay still and up on my toes.

The hood was pulled tight and snug to my head and secured. My heartbeat pounded loud in my ears. I realised I could now hear nothing whatsoever from outside the hood. I was also completely blind. Soon I felt the tubes in my nose being moved about. I could no longer breathe through my mouth, and I had trouble convincing myself that Lucy wasn’t going to block the tubes and smother me. Instead I found myself breathing in stale musky air, almost as though I had my head under the bed clothes where someone had had sex.

There was movement at my chest and suddenly I felt terrible pain in first one nipple then the other. While I was trying to come to terms with this new pain, and concentrating on staying on my toes, something was fitted tightly around my neck. My head was pulled back, roughly, so that my leather covered face pointed toward the ceiling. I could no longer move my head.

I was deaf, dumb and blind and immobile. And it seemed now, that I was also alone. I no longer felt or sensed any movement near me.

\* \* \*

Lucy stepped back and admired her work. She had John helpless and isolated. The rigid posture collar kept his head strained up and back. Just for good measure she had attached a strap from the ring at the top of the helmet, down his back to his belt. This made it just about impossible for him to move at all. She shuddered as she looked at the vicious clamps that she had clipped to his nipples after opening the zips covering each of his breasts. She had tried them on her own nipples, and found she could withstand them for only a few seconds. John though, would have no choice but to endure the pain for as long as she desired.

She could also see Johns calves trembling, she wondered how long it would be before his strength gave out and he impaled himself on the dildo. She hoped so much that he could last out until the her guests arrived: then they could watch his suffering together. She studied her husband in his own little world of torment. She felt a little guilty about what she was doing to him. When she had first seen the catalogue of adult toys on the internet, she had thought that maybe she and John could have some kinky fun, just the two of them. But the more she looked at the different products available, the more extreme her fantasies became and the more aroused she felt. Very soon the whole thing spiralled out of control. She began searching for the items she would need to torture John and attempt to satisfy her new craving.

Not so long ago she hated even the thought of causing hurt to her husband. Now, she was dedicated to enslaving him. She had a sexual need to cause him pain. The intensity of her orgasm seemed to be in direct proportion to his suffering. So she tried to find ever more painful and humiliating ways to torment him. She longed now to see his reaction when he at last realised what had been planed for him, how everything he’d had to endure had been part of a scheme to reduce him to a slave and a cuckold.

Lucy wondered how she had so easily been changed into the evil bitch she now was? But she dismissed the thought from her mind. There would be no turning back now. The future was set. She inspected her handiwork once more and with a satisfied smile she went to get changed for the party.

\* \* \*

Lucy applied her lipstick and looked at her reflection. She was not a vain person, but she could see she was beautiful: her long red hair cascaded down over her shoulders, her eyes were shadowed green with just a touch of glitter and her full lips matched the colour of her hair. She had chosen Johns favourite dress, silver gray satin clung to her body emphasising every curve, the neck line plunged to a "v" between her breasts, her nipples poked hard against the flimsy material. She would have preferred to wear a bra, but Stephen had forbidden her to ever wear one again without his permission. The dress finished just below the knee but a gapping slit in the front gave a tantalising glimpse of stocking covered thigh.

She made her way downstairs. She checked on John and was pleased to see that he was still on his toes although his legs were beginning to shake quite badly. She became aroused as she stared at him. She ran her hands over her breasts and down to her crotch. The contrast of John’s suffering while she enjoyed every luxury made her giddy with pleasure. She forced herself to stop masturbating, there would no doubt be ample opportunity of release this evening.

Lynn and Amy had arrived a half hour ago and had prepared the food and drinks for the party. Lucy closed the doors to the cupboard just as the doorbell rang, the first guests had arrived.

\* \* \*

"Are you sure he can’t hear us?" Stephen asked Lucy as he inspected the bound form in the office closet. Along with Barry, who stood behind Lucy, and Lynn and Amy who were acting as hostesses to the other less privileged guests of the party, these five were the only people aware of John’s current predicament.

"Oh yes. I tried the hood on myself and believe me, world war three could start in here and he wouldn’t know a thing," Lucy replied as she proudly showed her boss the finer points of Johns bondage.

Stephen followed the tubes from Johns nose down to the box on the floor, "What is the box for?" he jerked his chin toward the object.

"I’m quite proud of that," Lucy said, "I’ve had Lynn, Amy and myself save our panties for the last week, we put them in the box so John's air is filtered through them, you could say he’s breathing our essence I suppose, but these I love!" she exclaimed proudly, pointing at the nipple clamps, they were lined with small teeth and bit down hard on John's flesh. But it was the large brass hooks attached to the clamps that Lucy was so impressed with.

"Should you wish to hang your hat or coat somewhere this could be a very interesting place," she said. She reached into the cupboard and gathered up two of her unused handbags. She carefully hung them from the hooks attached to John’s nipples. She was rewarded with a loud groan from under the leather hood. The extra pain also appeared too much for John. His legs were now shaking uncontrollably. Finally, his strength gave out and with an agonised moan he impaled himself upon the dildo. Lucy was ecstatic, she jumped up and down on her toes, clapping her hands in front of her face, "yea yea yea!" she exclaimed as she giggled like a young girl. Stephen smiled to see her so excited. She stretched forward and wrapped her hand around John's limp cock, bringing forth another groan. Barry put his arms around her waist from behind, he was feeling slightly jealous of the attention Stephen, and now John, was getting.

Lucy leaned back into Barry’s arms, happy and smiling she turned her head to kiss him. Stephen looked on, he decided he needed a minute alone with Lucy.

"Barry could you fetch us some drinks?" he interrupted the two lovers.

"Of course," Barry replied. Reluctantly he released Lucy and taking their glasses he left the room.

"You and young Cooper seem to be very cosy my love," Stephen said when they were alone.

"Oh, you mean Barry. I rather think he’s in love with me," she said. She wondered if Stephen was maybe a little jealous, but decided he probably wasn’t: after all, he knew he could have her do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted her to. No, he wasn’t jealous, just possessive.

"And are you in love with him?" he asked her.

"Oh god no. He’s just a bit of fun," she said laughing, "you never fuck me, and with John locked up the way he is there’s only so much pleasure a woman can get from her fingers. Barry was just convenient. If it wasn’t him, I suppose I would have found another young cock somewhere".

"I see. Well, just you be careful you don’t get too involved and remember where your priorities lie," he advised her.

"You know you always come first Stephen," she heeded his warning and was now looking at him seriously.

"Do I? And does that include your husband?" he asked.

Lucy thought for a few moments before she answered, "I love John dearly, more than anything else I could think of. You on the other hand," she shrugged and looked away, "you, I don’t think I even like. And I don’t like what I’ve become, what you’ve turned me into. But," she turned back and stared hard into his cold eyes, "But you are my drug, you have me hooked. If you told me to leave John or dispose of him, I wouldn’t like it, but I would do in a heartbeat. As you made clear to me before. You own me, I’m your’s".

Stephen didn’t answer, he didn’t need to. He knew she spoke the truth. She was within his power and as if to prove it he casually unzipped his fly. Lucy, like an automation, sank to her knees and lovingly took him into her mouth.

Lucy was on her knees, cleaning Stephen with her mouth after swallowing his sperm as Barry returned with their drinks. She stood, and taking a glass, gulped her wine. Stephen zipped up his pants and with one last look at Lucy he imperiously left the room, completely ignoring Barry who was offering him a drink. Barry was jealous of what he had just seen and looked at Lucy like a scolded puppy.

"Don’t be upset," she told him as she stroked his face, "he’s marking his territory, showing us both who’s in charge. He’s just letting you know that even though you may be fucking me he could have me anyway he wants," Lucy’s words made Barry feel even worse.

\* \* \*

People started leaving the party around midnight and eventually Lucy was alone with Barry.

"Come with me. I want sex," she said and led him by the hand to the office.

"Why don’t I stay the night?" Barry asked as they kissed and began undressing each other just a few feet from Lucy’s suffering husband.

"You can’t. I’m spending the night with John. But first I want you to cum inside me," she told him as she reached under her dress and pulled her panties down.

"You want it here, in front of him?" Barry kept looking at the leather clad man. He was uncomfortable here: it was one thing having sex with another mans wife, but quite another doing it right in front of him, even if the poor bastard was totally oblivious.

"That’s the whole point," she declared.

\* \* \*

Barry let himself out, slamming the door behind him. He had just had sex with Lucy, he knew she had used him: the kinky bitch just wanted to fuck somebody in front of her unaware husband. She didn’t care who it was with, she just wanted a cock. He had fucked her and then been dismissed, he felt like an object. `Well!, fuck her, I don’t need her`, he thought. But by the time he had started his car he was wondering jealously what she was doing with John, he missed her already.

Lucy balled up her discarded panties and pushed them into her pussy, she wanted to save every drop of Barry’s sperm inside her. She had to order him to leave as she wanted time with John. Barry didn’t like it though, "Oh well, he’ll get over it, "she thought as she faced her husband.

Lucy removed the posture collar and slid the dildo from John’s ass, she smiled at the groan of relief she heard. She unhooked the various things that she and her special guests had hung from Johns nipples throughout the evening. He staggered and almost fell when she released his legs. She had to help him to a chair.

When she removed the hood and earplugs John blinked against the light and looked around in confusion.

"Its okay darling, you did so well, I’m so proud of you. Come on lets go upstairs".

Still bound and gagged, John was led on unsteady legs to Lucy’s bedroom. She laid him on his back on the floor at the foot of her bed. She stroked his face tenderly, "I’m going to remove the gag now, but you must promise not to speak unless I tell you to, is that clear?" she warned.

John nodded frantically. He was nervous of what Lucy might do to him next. He was scared and didn’t want to be hurt anymore.

Lucy spoke, giving him instructions as she released the air in the gag, "You are going to lick me now, then you can sleep right here where you are. If you behave I’ll release you in the morning. And if you really please me I may let you fuck me!"

The rubber bag was pulled from John’s mouth, he sucked in air and worked the cramps from his jaw as Lucy pulled the wadded up panties from her pussy. She knelt astride his head and lowered herself upon his face.

\* \* \*

I didn’t know whether I was in heaven or hell. I had spent, I don’t know how long in isolation and pain. When agony then shot through my tortured nipples I finally gave up. But I hadn’t been prepared for the searing pain, as what I assume was some sort of dildo, split my ass.

As much as it hurt, that pain started to ease after a while. But my nipples were in constant agony. But even that pain I began to welcome:, as each time Lucy hurt me, I then knew I wasn’t alone. Being isolated, with no way of knowing whether I had been deserted, was so much worse.

Now I found myself at the foot of Lucy’s bed. I was exhausted, but still I licked and sucked Lucy the best I knew how "god she was so wet", I thought, my mouth was flooded immediately she fed me her pussy. In a strange way, I was proud of myself that I had pleased her, even though I knew I had no choice. Now I was being afforded the honour of licking her, with the promise of release tomorrow.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=193.0)

08.10.12

story continues in [**Tough Love Part 5: Humiliation**](toughlove5.html)

o0o
