---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Snowbound 10: Sleeping Arrangements'
authors:
- sfmaster@att.net
tags:
- F/f
- FF
- D/s
- naked
- bond
- gag
- nipple
- bdsm
- crop
- lesb
- oral
- strapon
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2015-02-04 00:00:00
---

story continued from [part nine](snowbound9.html)

**Chapter 10: Sleeping Arrangements**

Beth and Cassandra sat together on the cot in the jail cell together. After being let down from their respective ceiling chains, Kate had conducted them into the jail cell to get a little water and rest.

Both women had been subject to quite considerable discipline, and their naked bodies displayed the evidence for this. Angry red marks were the evidence of the flogger and whip, and neither would be subject to discipline again for a while!

They had both paid a price for their day out in the Mall, but the evening was not over yet!

For Mistress Allison had not ordered Kate to remove the hated dildo harness that was strapped around their loins! Whenever Beth or Cassandra moved in any way, they could feel the rubber invader stimulate their sex.

Worse, the thing had been designed with a clit stimulator! So they were kept in a constant state of arousal!

Both jail cells had been equipped with full length mirrors, in order that their female occupants could see themselves and the consequences of their slavery!

Cassandra got up from the cot, and stood in front of the mirror.

She pulled without effect on her collar and wrist bracelets, both of which were held in place by small locks that only a key could release! But it was the harness around her loins that she wanted to remove most!

Even though the dildo was not activated, it was still erect and inside her most female place! All that Cassandra could do was to pull a bit on the leather straps; but that had the opposite effect of the relief she craved!

For all that Cassandra succeeded in doing was to pull the shaft out a little bit, and then it found it’s back into her sex! Worse, the clit stimulator was keeping her constantly hot and bothered.

“I’m horny as hell!” Cassandra declared, “and there’s nothing that I can do about it.”

“Please sit down,” Beth replied, “You’re wasting all your energy. There’s nothing we can do about it until we’re released. I’m in the same predicament, Cassandra.”

“Why don’t they just release us, give us a bath, and take us to bed? After all, it’s pretty obvious that will happen next?”

“I think that Mistress Allison just wants us to wear the harness a little longer,” said Beth.

Cassandra examined her marks in the mirror.

“How long do you think these marks will last?” she asked Beth.

“Not too long. You’ll be surprised how quickly your skin will heal - and then you’ll be punished again!”

“Well, Mistress Allison did say that I was now an experienced submissive. I guess that means that I can take massive amounts of discipline.”

“Yes it does!”

“And I used to think that nice girls don’t get whipped!”

“Here they do!” said Beth.

Finally, Kate reappeared outside their cell!

“Have you had time to decompress, girls?” Kate asked.

“Yes, Mistress,” they both answered.

“Good. Mistress Allison has ordered that I bathe and prepare you both. Mistress Allison will be taking Beth for the night, and I’m to have Cassandra. Your ordeal isn’t over yet, girls!”

\*\*\*

Cassandra knelt on the carpet in Kate’s bedroom. Surely no maid in the history of Domestic service had a room only slightly smaller than her Mistress! In fact, all of their bedrooms were fairly large, even Cassandra’s - and she was low girl on the totem pole!

After being released from their cell, it was Kate who had the hard work. She bathed Beth and Cassandra one after the other, and then dried their hair, perfumed and rouged them, and replaced their collar and bracelets!

Both girls had to be inspected by Mistress Allison before anything else could occur, and by the time Kate had finished preparing the two of them, she was ready for a bath herself!

Once they were ready, Kate led the two girls, again a coffle, to the Library, where Mistress Allison was seated behind her desk, waiting!

“Beth and Cassandra have been groomed according to your orders, Mistress,” said Kate.

“Excellent, Kate. You have done a very good job with our charges. Kneel, both of you!”

Both women knelt carefully, as they wore their high heels and their wrists were locked behind their back!

On the desk was a riding crop, and two ball-gags! Plus the familiar set of nipple clamps!

“Did you two girls have a nice time in the Playroom this evening?” began Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” they both answered in unison.

“Cassandra, you held up very nicely under the flogger - which you asked for specifically.”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

“Beth, you preformed quite obediently under the lash. You are a well trained girl indeed!”

“Yes, Mistress,” Beth answered.

“But I thought that both of you performed quite well with the electronic dildo harness inside you! That was quite a surprise, wasn’t it?” asked Mistress Allison.

“Yes, Mistress,” they both answered together.

“Being a submissive means that there are always going to new methods of punishment and new experiences. It’s my job to keep you girls off balance, and constantly wondering what’s going to happen next. I can’t just give you the same flogging or whipping every day!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“So tonight I’m taking Beth, and Kate can have Cassandra. Kate, you may use Cassandra in any way you choose. Enjoy yourself!”

\*\*\*

“Well now, isn’t this nice?” Kate began.

She was seated at her dressing table, brushing her hair. One the table in front of her was a ball-gag; a riding crop; a paddle; and a dildo! Cassandra guessed that they were for her, and not Kate!

“Yes, Mistress!”

“Did you have a nice time this evening? You held up very well under the flogger?”

“I guess I have to get used to it, Mistress.”

“You’ll become very familiar with everything on that wall over time. I can guarantee that,” said Kate.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“And tomorrow it’ll be our job to clean the Playroom, as well as all of the toys - which is why placing a condom on the dildos makes that such an easier job! Tomorrow we’ll be cleaning and oiling the flogger and whip, to get ready for the next time Mistress Allison will be using it on you girls.”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“But tonight, you’re finally going to be mine, Cassandra. Tell me, how did you like the harness?”

“I’ve never felt anything like that before. I had a vibrator at home, but that was just inside me for short periods. I never had anything strapped inside me like that! And the clit stimulator drove me wild,” Cassandra answered.

“Yes, I know,” Kate said, “who do you think tried it out first?”

“You, Mistress?”

“Mistress Allison had to try it out on someone. So I wore it for a while as she played with the remote!”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I’m sure that I’ll wear it again, just like you two, should I misbehave. But that is in the future!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra reflected on how in Beth’s house, nakedness, sex, and discipline were all the norm!

Kate had a bottle of white wine in an ice bucket, and poured herself a glass. There were two glasses, but Cassandra wasn’t offered any - just yet!

“This is much better than being unemployed, don’t you agree?” asked Kate.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Now then, let’s see if you know how to make love to a woman?” Kate asked.

She perched herself at the edge of her chair, and opened her legs to show Cassandra her pussy!

“Come!”

Cassandra walked on her knees (since her hands were locked behind her back) over to Kate, and her lips were inches from Kate’s fragrant sex!

“You know what to do!” Kate ordered.

Cassandra immediately began to lick and gently bite Kate’s outer sex lips! She tongued Kate, and had her entire attention between her legs, trying to please the other woman!

Kate reached behind her and picked to the riding crop, which she gently began to tap on Cassandra’s already punished back!

“That’s good!” Kate moaned.

“Yes, Mistress,” said Cassandra from between Kate’s legs!

Kate had bathed herself, and she smelled pleasantly of Jean Nate¢; and she even sprayed perfume between her thighs!

Cassandra did everything that she knew to please Kate. Not because she feared the crop, but because she genuinely wanted to do so!

Kate moaned and sighed as she was stimulated sexually, her body shaking with the attentions administered by Cassandra.

“Fuck me!” Kate moaned, in the throes of pleasure!

Cassandra then pushed her tongue deep Kate’s pussy, and the taps of the riding crop became more persistent! She didn’t want to bring Kate off too quickly, but Kate apparently hungered after a quick orgasm!

“I’ve wanted you between my legs for a long time, Cassandra,” Kate moaned, “I always knew that you were good at eating cunt!”

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied, as she continued to service Kate!

“Ohhhhh, what do you prefer, Cassandra? Being whipped, or servicing another woman?”

“Both, Mistress,” Cassandra answered.

Being whipped was now a normal part of Cassandra’s existence. When she wasn’t whipped by Mistress Allison, she wondered if she wasn’t being neglected!

Cassandra then began to lick Kate’s clitoris, making her shake with desire! Kate began to moan and writhe, so Cassandra knew that she was succeeding in exciting her!

“That’s good!” Kate moaned, “keep it up!”

Cassandra tasted Kate’s female juices, and she knew that Kate was going to come quickly! Unlike Mistress Allison, Kate was easy by comparison!

“Ooooooooh!” Kate sighed again and again.

Cassandra licked and sucked at Kate’s clitoris, the fact that her hands were locked behind her back was no impediment! She put all her efforts into the use of her mouth, and she was becoming sexually excited as well!

She felt her nipples harden, and she knew that she was wet between her legs! Cassandra just couldn’t wait till she given Kate a climax, so they could get into bed and proceed onto the next stage of their lovemaking!

“Ohhhhhh!” Kate moaned.

Cassandra then applied her full efforts to Kate’s engorged clit! Her tongue licked, her teeth bit gently, onto Kate’s erect nubbin of pleasure!

“Aaaaaaaaah! I’m coming!” Kate yelled!

Kate then shook with the onset of orgasms that pulsed throughout her body! She lost all control as wave after wave of pleasure broke through her, making her moan and buck!

She continued to tap Cassandra’s back with the crop, making sure that she did not lessen her efforts!

But no further urging was needed! Cassandra would not stop her efforts between Kate’s legs until she was told to! She had been well trained in that regard!

Cassandra had successfully brought Kate to orgasm, and she was pleased that her efforts between her legs had borne fruit! She had a hard time keeping her tongue on Kate’s clit as the woman shook and moaned with pleasure in the throes of pleasure!

Ever since Cassandra had literally stumbled into Beth’s house during the Blizzard, she had wanted and desired to have Cassandra either under the lash or between her legs. Finally, one of those events had happened!

Finally, Kate gradually recovered from the massive orgasms that Cassandra’s skilled tongue and teeth had given her! Her naked sweating body was hot, and she was diffused by that wonderful feeling a woman gets after she is pleasured by man or woman!

“Thank you, Cassandra! That was wonderful! Did you learn that from Mistress Allison, or were you already experienced before you joined us?” Kate asked.

“I was pretty good before, but the riding crop is an excellent teacher,” Cassandra replied.

“Well, you’ve earned the use of your hands, now that I know what your mouth can do!” Kate declared, “let me help you up and release your wrists!”

Kate helped Cassandra to her feet, and turned her around. Cassandra then felt the lock removed that had held the “D” rings of her bracelets together.

“Why don’t we sit together on the bed?” Kate asked.

“Yes, Mistress!”

The two naked women sat next to one another on the bed, and Cassandra wasn’t too surprised when Kate reached over to kiss her full on the lips, and stick her tongue into Cassandra’s wet and willing mouth.

“Hmmmm, I taste good, don’t I?” Kate asked.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“I can hardly wait to get between your legs and see what your pussy tastes like,” said Kate.

“Yes, Mistress, I’m looking forward to it!” Cassandra eagerly replied.

“Let’s have some wine and cheese first! After that ordeal with the flogger you must be famished!”

“Yes, Mistress. Thank you!” said Cassandra.

Cassandra was happy when she and Kate shared a meal of wine, cheese, and crackers! After the torment that she had just undergone in the Playroom, she needed some time to return back to normal.

Even if normal meant sitting naked on the bed while wearing her collar and bracelets, with a riding crop nearby!

“You were very brave,” said Kate, “I was wondering if you were going to use your safeword.”

“To tell you the truth, in the heat of the moment, I forgot it!” Cassandra confessed.

“How could you do that?” Kate asked.

“The flogging hurt like nothing else I’d ever experienced, even the whip, and when I had the dildo buzzing away inside me, I totally lost control of myself!” Cassandra answered.

“I merely wore the dildo for a while as Mistress Allison tried out the remote control. She also had me wear it during the day as I worked, and I would never know when she would trigger it,” Kate explained, “so I can understand how you’d react.”

“She made you try out the dildo first?” Cassandra asked.

“Sure, I’m her slave after all. Remember that day you lost control while I was being punished for taking you down to the Playroom without permission? I wear her collar, too!” Kate declared.

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Well, I’m just your Mistress for tonight. Tomorrow I’ll be back in a collar, and you’ll be helping me clean the Playroom. But tonight you’re mine, and I want to take full advantage of that!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“So lay back, open your legs, and we’re going to make love!” ordered Kate.

“Yes, Mistress!” Cassandra enthusiastically replied.

Cassandra then lay back on the bed, and opened her legs to accommodate Kate. Her companion, however, had other ideas, and lay on top of her, and began by kissing her on the lips! They held each other tightly together in a tangle of arms and legs!

“Hmmmmm, Mistress Allison probably kept your wrists locked together the first night she got you into bed! I don’t have that luxury, since I don’t know the next time we’ll be allowed to make love. So I have to take advantage of every opportunity I get!” said Kate.

“I was wondering why you released my wrists,” Cassandra answered.

“I find it awkward to make love to someone who can’t properly respond,” said Kate.

“Yes, Mistress,” Cassandra replied.

Kate then began to kiss Cassandra on her neck, and she lay back and let Kate do the work! Then Kate kissed the way down to her breasts, and began to suck on her erect nipples!

“Do your breasts still hurt from the flogger?” Kate asked.

“Not since you’ve been kissing them!” Cassandra playfully answered.

“Truthfully, dear. I want to know!”

“They ache a little, but that’s fading. I guess a girl can get used to just about anything - even a flogging!” Cassandra replied.

“When you wear a collar, a girl has to learn an entirely different lifestyle!” said Kate.

Kate then began suck and bite Cassandra’s erect nipples, making her even more sexually excited than she had been before!

“Did you ever think of getting your nipples pierced?” Kate asked.

“Not really.”

“I knew a girl who had her nipples pierced, then decided to leave the scene to marry her college boyfriend.”

“What happened?” Cassandra asked.

“Well, when he saw her nipple rings, and the marks she bore from the whip, he wasn’t too happy that his dream girl from the past was now a completely different sexual person! They tried to make a go of it, but eventually broke up. She couldn’t deal with the fact that he was so closed-minded; and he called her a sex pervert!”

“Wow!”

“She later met a man in the scene, and they’re happily married. The difference is that when she misbehaves, she gets the paddle or the lash as punishment!”

“That sounds good for both of them!” said Cassandra.

“Now let me get at that pussy of yours!”

Cassandra opened her legs as Kate kissed her way down to her wet and willing cunt! She moaned as Kate began to lick her outer sex and give her small bites to sexually encourage her!

“Ooooooooh!” Cassandra sighed as Kate pleasured her again and again!

With her body still aching from the discipline that she had received, the pleasure that she was now enjoying was a welcome change!

She had been screaming while being flogged, and it was hard to believe the change a couple of hours made! From pain to pleasure!

Then Cassandra moaned as she felt Kate’s tongue on her clitoris! She lay back and opened her legs still further to accommodate Kate’s ministrations of her sex!

“You taste so good!” said Kate.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“I’ve wanted to get into your pussy for a long time!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“You were worth the wait!” Kate declared.

“Ooooooooh!” Cassandra moaned.

The pain and pleasure that she had undergone that night merged into a feeling of intense fulfillment for Cassandra! She had preformed well as she was being flogged, and now she was being pleasured by Kate!

What more could a girl want?

“Oooooooooh!”

Kate licked, sucked, and playfully bit Cassandra’s erect nubbin, driving the girl to new heights of pleasure that she had never experienced before! Her juices and Cassandra’s mixed together in her mouth, making Kate even more horny than before!

“Mmmmmmmmm,” Kate moaned, “you’re a tasty little slut.”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Minutes went by as Cassandra was stimulated ever closer to orgasm! She moaned and writhed as Kate drive her ever closer to final and ultimate pleasure!

“OoooooooH!” now it was time for Cassandra to moan in ecstasy!

Kate was relentless in her pursuit of pleasure, as she tongued Cassandra to ever greater levels of passion! Cassandra body began to shake, indicating that she was finally close to a massive orgasm!

“I’m……coming!” Cassandra shouted.

Suddenly all of the pent up tension that Cassandra her been holding came out in one massive series of orgasms! Her naked body shook as wave after wave of pleasure drove through her, her bottom bouncing on the bed sheets!

“OooooooooH!” Cassandra moaned in pleasure!

Kate had to hold onto Cassandra’s thighs to keep herself between her legs, as her mouth was still on Cassandra’s wet sex!

“Ooooooooooh!” Cassandra moaned again.

Her naked body still covered by the flogger marks, Cassandra broke out into a sweat as her body spent itself in one orgasm after another! She had never felt anything like this before, not even when Mistress Allison had been fucking her with the dildo harness after her whipping! Pain and pleasure now were indeed one!

Finally, the quaking gradually subsided, and Cassandra was spent. She pulled Kate back to her lips, and they lay together, entwined on the bed.

“That was wonderful,” said Cassandra, “thank you!”

“You’re welcome. I thought you deserved something special after your ordeal today,” said Kate.

“Yes, today was really something, wasn’t it?” Cassandra asked.

“You forgot to call me Mistress!”

“Whoops! I’m sorry, Mistress!”

“That’s all right. Tonight I’ve got you in my bed, and someday, Mistress Allison will let me have you under the lash!”

“I’m sure that I’ll love your whip same as I love your tongue, Mistress!”

“All in good time. Want to try something else?”

“Yes, Mistress!”

Cassandra lay on the bed as Kate first cleaned her own pussy with a feminine wipe, and then strapped on a dildo harness! She was still a little sore from wearing the harness earlier, so she wasn’t enthusiastic about having another shaft between her legs, but she was a submissive, after all!

Kate got back on the bed, and presented Cassandra with the rubber shaft.

“Suck!”

Cassandra took the rubber shaft into her mouth, which had been molded to look like a man’s penis! It was complete down to the last detail!

“Mmmmmmmph!” Cassandra moaned while sucking the rubber cock.

“Suck it, slave!” said Kate, “it’s just for Sluts like you!”

Cassandra was already hot from having her cunt licked, now she was sucking a rubber cock, and she was again getting hot & bothered!

“That’s what you deserve, slut! And when you’re done, maybe I’ll thrust it between your legs!” laughed Kate.

Cassandra experienced a moment of fear! After wearing the dildo harness, she felt as if the walls of her sex were already irritated. Could she really take another rubber shaft between her legs?

But then she reminded herself that she was a submissive! If she was ordered to take a rubber cock again up her pussy, then she just HAD to! Unless, of course, she wanted to pay the price for disobeying an order, which could again mean the flogger, or worse!

Once she had accepted the collar, that meant that she had accepted everything that went with it! That meant the riding crop and the lash, confinement in leather and steel, and pain and pleasure!

Besides, deep down, and only to herself did Cassandra admit the truth: she actually enjoyed everything that she was experiencing under Beth’s roof!

Whether it was wearing a collar or the “O” dress, or even her flogging - she now accepted her submission!

“Mmmmmmmm!” she moaned with the rubber cock in her mouth.

“I guess I’ll have to put this cock in the dishwasher,” said Kate, “it’s the only way to properly sterilize it!” she laughed out loud.

“Mmmmmmmm!” Cassandra continued sucking on the shaft.

“Okay, Cassandra, ready for your next pose?” Kate asked.

Cassandra nodded her head up and down, her mouth filled with the rubber cock!

“Then I want you to get on the bed on your hands and knees, because I’m going to take you from behind, doggy style!”

Cassandra removed the wet rubber shaft with her own saliva from her mouth, and got onto the bed as Kate had ordered! Her raging sex was already wet with anticipation for what was going to happen next!

She felt Kate get into position behind her, and place her hands on her hips! Then she felt the cock’s tip begin probing at the gates to her sex!

“It’s a pity that just a few men are as hard as this in real life,” Kate observed, “but luckily for us girls, technology has provided an excellent alternative!”

“Ohhhhh!” Cassandra exclaimed when Kate rammed the dildo suddenly and deeply into her!

The shaft was already wet with her saliva, and her sex was wet with her juices, so it didn’t hurt at all! What was even better was that doing it doggy style was her favorite position, and she had asked every man she had slept with to do it that way with her! Some had complied, and some had not!

Kate then began to piston the shaft inside her, making her moan with pleasure! Her hands gripped her waist tightly, holding Kate close to Cassandra as she rammed the shaft home!

“OoooooooH!”

“Would you like a gag? It’s even better with a ball-gag in your mouth,” Kate suggested.

“Yes, oh yes, Mistress!” Cassandra moaned in agreement.

Kate, of course, had a ball-gag close by and convenient, so Cassandra obediently opened her mouth again and another red rubber ball was soon buckled inside!

“Mmmmmmmph!” Cassandra moaned.

Once the gag had been buckled into Cassandra’s mouth, Kate quickly resumed her position at the rear, and the shaft was soon back inside Cassandra’s sex once again!

“Mmmmmmmmph!” Cassandra replied.

“Wanton slut! I’ll bet that you will want the riding crop next!” said Kate.

In truth, Cassandra DID want the riding crop! Back in the Playroom, she was certain that once she was wearing the dildo harness she was to be gagged and she would endure a few strokes with the crop! But that didn’t happen, so now she hoped that would soon be rectified!

The only problem, of course, that with the gag in her mouth, she would be unable to ask for the crop herself!

“Mmmmmmmph!”

Kate plunged the rubber cock without a break into Cassandra’s wet pussy, all the while holding onto her hips tightly, so Cassandra could not escape the actions of the shaft inside her!

She felt like a bitch in heat, eager for both the cock and the whip, wanting and desiring both!

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

“Wanton slut!” Kate commented on Cassandra’s position.

Once again that evening, Cassandra was again propelled to new levels of arousal that she had never thought possible! How could Valerie have ever walked away from this?

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

Cassandra felt herself edging closer to a massive orgasm! Being gagged removed the possibility of protesting her helpless condition, so all she could do was to enjoy her position!

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

Kate reached forward and began to fondle and pinch her breasts and nipples!

“Perhaps a set of nipple clamps?” Kate asked.

Cassandra soon found herself adorned with a set of clamps on her nipples, with a short chain linking them together! These clamps had plastic on the end, and were two pieces of metal constructed like a set of tweezers, with a metal slide to close them! Once Kate had pushed the slide forward, they were firmly placed on Cassandra’s erect nipples, and no amount of shaking was going to loosen them!

“MmmmmmmmpH!”

Finally, Cassandra could stand no more! She felt the onrush of the climax overtaking her! Had she not been gagged, she would have been moaning and screaming by now! But with the rubber ball in her mouth, all she could do was moan and buck!

“MmmmmmmmmmpH!”

Cassandra shook repeatedly, her breasts bouncing each time Kate slammed into her pussy! The added pain from her nipples only served to heighten her passion, and she whimpered as all the sexual stimulation produced one raging orgasm after another!

“Mmmmmmmmph!” cried Cassandra.

“Slut!”

“Mmmmmmmmmph!”

Kate then began to slap Cassandra’s exposed bottom with her right hand!

“Mmmmmmmmph!”

“That’s what a wanton, randy slut like you deserves!” Kate commented.

Cassandra hoped that Kate would pick up the riding crop, which would finish her off! Out of the corner of her eye she watched as Kate picked up the crop, flexed it in her hands, and began with one hand to tap Cassandra’s shoulder blades with the flat tip at the end!

“Mmmmmmmmmph!” The orgasm sent Cassandra spinning into a maelstrom of sexual pleasure. Everything, the pain and pleasure, the cock in her pussy, the clamps on her nipples, and finally the crop on her back, produced an orgasm inside her that she had never felt before! Sweat poured from her body as her heart pounded in her chest!

“Slut!”

All that Cassandra could do was to whimper in her gag as the orgasm overtook her! She was helpless to do anything else!

“Mmmmmmmmph!” she moaned as the crop continued tapping on her back!

As the spasms began to subside, she sagged on the bed. Kate knew that Cassandra was spent, and stopped her tapping of the crop. She withdrew the rubber cock, and with it still sticking out from her loins, motioned Cassandra to sit up.

Cassandra then felt her gag being unbuckled, and she breathed a sigh of relief when her mouth was freed of the gag!

“Thank you, Mistress!” said Cassandra gratefully.

“You’re welcome, darling. Did you enjoy it?” Kate asked.

“Yes, Mistress!”

“You’re such a willing submissive, Cassandra. Hard to believe that the first time I saw you was just weeks ago on the foyer floor, covered in snow and freezing to death!”

“Yes, Mistress!”

“And now look at you! Collared and marked, and happy in your chains! Isn’t that true?” Kate asked.

“Yes, Mistress, I’m very happy to be here!

And so she was!

\*\*\*

Later on, after they had both showered and gotten cleaned up, they lay together in bed. They were both still naked under the winter quilt.

“I’m tired,” said Kate, “it’s been a long night, and I’ll probably be tired tomorrow. But it was all worth it, don’t you agree, Cassandra?”

“Yes, Mistress.”

“Whoops! I almost forgot to chain you for the night!” said Kate, “I don’t want you putting me into bondage while I sleep!”

Kate retrieved a small lock from the night-table which was open, with no key in evidence. She locked a chain hanging from the wall onto Cassandra’s collar.

“There now, darling. Now you can’t do any funny business while I sleep.”

“Yes, Mistress!”

That night they both slept, each with a smile of contentment on their faces!

The End of Chapter Ten

*Attn: Readers please feel free to send e-mail to the author. I do want to hear from you! Please mention whatever newsgroup or Website that you read this story from so that I can keep track of my own work!*
