---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Adventures of Suzy 2
authors:
- Gordian
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Adventures of Suzy**](suzy1.html))

**Chapter 2: Suzy on film**

Following on from my last story, this also involved my then girlfriend Suzy
and occurred about 10 years ago, in fact a few months earlier than the previous
little game. Although we both had our own apartments, mine was actually a 2-bed
townhouse and was substantially larger than Suzy's studio flat - she also felt
more comfortable 'playing' at mine. If we were going out anywhere I would
invariably pick her up, if we were planning to spend time at mine she would
often drive over to me. This was just one of those occasions, Saturday
evening and all day Sunday at my house.

Suzy arrived at about 6pm with just an overnight bag and a change of clothes
for Sunday. I took her out for a meal and a drink, returning home
just after 9pm. I made her a coffee and under the pretence of using
the toilet, went up to my bedroom to check my preparations.

Unknown to her, the week before I had bought my first 'Video 8'
camcorder. I had already recorded Suzy's arrival from a front bedroom
window - with her driving up to my house, parking and walking up to the door.
Now I made sure the tripod was erected but hidden in the bedroom wardrobe along
with an extension lead from the electric plug and that the camcorder batteries
were charged. I had two leather wrist-cuffs chained to the top
corners of the bed and the remainder of our toys in a suitcase under the bed.
I got the camcorder, put a pair of handcuffs in my rear trouser pocket and
headed back downstairs. I hid the camcorder in the kitchen and went back
into the lounge. I sat next to her on the couch and told
her I had a little surprise for her !!.

At this point I should say that Suzy was wearing a white T-shirt, jeans and
white Reeboks. "Hold out your hands", I told her, "we
mustn't forget the handcuffs, must we ?". She smiled and held
her out wrists, "front or back ?" she asked. "Guess",
I replied, and Suzy turned to her right, her back now towards me and put her
hands behind her back. I put the handcuffs on, reached round her and
holding a breast in each hand pulled her back onto me so I could kiss her.
"Now for your surprise", I told her and went and got the sports bag
full of toys I'd hidden behind the other chair. "But first", I
said and got our a pair of leather ankle cuffs and her favourite padded leather
blindfold, "Let's get you ready for it". I buckled the cuffs on
each ankle and padlocked an 18" chain between them, then I buckled on the
blindfold. I quickly went to the kitchen, grabbed the camcorder, turned it on
and returned to start filming Suzy cuffed and blindfolded on the couch.
"Well where's my surprise then ?" Suzy asked after about a minute - if
only she knew !!.

"One minor adjustment first", I replied and put the camcorder on
top of the TV, facing her and still recording. I got a 1"
leather strap about 2' long plus a harness ballgag out of the sports bag.
I lifted her T-shirt up and over her head and down to her wrists. While
kissing her, I did the same with her white bra - I just love the topless &
tied look !!. With her T-shirt and bra down by her handcuffs I wrapped the
strap around her elbows and drew them together, not meeting but close enough to
get a few grunts and moans followed by a "not too tight" from Suzy.
With her elbows secure, I unlocked her right handcuff and removed her T-shirt
and bra. Before locking it back on her wrist I twisted the cuff round and
round until the link chain shrunk - even with a key there's no way out then as
the cuffs are too close together. I checked the camcorder, still
recording okay, and picked up the gag.

To date, we had used some gags, mainly knotted cloth and a home-made ball
gag, but this would be her first time with a proper harness ball gag.
"Now for the first bit of your surprise present", I told her, and
kneeling on the couch I positioned her in front of me and towards the camcorder.
I held the ball up to her lips and with a gentle push she opened her mouth to
take it. I buckled it not too tightly behind her head, then lifted the
front straps up over her nose and top of her and buckled it down to the neck
strap. I then did the same with the under-chin strap but now I tightened
them all too. That brought a few grunts and mmmphhs from Suzy, especially
after a good play with her breasts !! I got off the couch and picked up
the camcorder to for some good close-ups of her now starting to drool down her
chin.

"Now for the other half of your surprise", I said to her. She
looked up, directly towards me and the camera, and I continued, "I'm going
up to the bedroom where I've got your favourite vibrator and also a special new
one just waiting for you". Suzy nodded her head and grunted a "yesh".
"But you'll have to come upstairs and get it yourself, see you soon
!!". That got a "nnngo" in response, so still recording I
went over to her, reached round to her elbow strap and helped stand up. Still
holding the strap I walked around her causing to her turn round a few times.
"Now, find the door and I'll see you soon - have fun", I said, kissed
her and went into the hallway to record her hobbling slowly round the lounge,
mmmmphing into her gag and trying to find the door.

Suzy looked lovely in her jeans, Reeboks, topless, hobbled, elbows strapped
together, handcuffed, blindfolded, harness ballgagged, as she stumbled round
looking for the door.

It only took her a few minutes and she found the hallway leading to the
stairs. I ran up the stairs to film her from the top as she slowly
ascended, her breasts jiggling nicely !!. My bedroom door was right at the
top of the stairs, so by the time she'd made it up the stairs, she easily found
the bedroom. I greeted her with a "What kept you ?" which got a
"ugggkk ooo" in reply. I put the camcorder on the tripod,
connected the power supply to save the batteries and left it recording pointing
at the bed.

I lifted Suzy on to bed and climbed on next to her. "Well done my
little sexy one", I said and kissed her gagged mouth. "Here, let
me help with your clothes", and I rolled her onto her back. I took off her
Reeboks and socks, unbuckled the ankle cuffs and removed her jeans, but left her
sexy white panties on. I sat Suzy up and moved behind her, enabling me to
kiss her, touch her in the right places (!!) and also get it all on camera...
After getting her nicely 'warmed up', I undid her right handcuff and taking her
right hand out I locked the cuff back onto the side of her panties, keeping her
left hand trapped at her side. I laid her down on the bed and lifted her
right hand up to he headboard, buckling it tightly into the leather wristcuff
I'd already padlocked to the headboard. I then unlocked her left wrist and
did the same, leaving her spread-eagled on the bed. I got some rope from
the suitcase under the bed and tied each of her ankles individually up to each
of her thighs. I then tied ropes from each ankle to the bottom corners of
the bed, now Suzy was really spread-eagled, and with a rope added to her left
knee, run under the bed and tightened to her right knee, truly helpless and
available.

I re-focused the camcorder for a close-up of me inserting her favourite
vibrator, set on high, and held in place by her panties. With some
kissing, licking and touching on my part I brought her to a series of orgasms
which had her moaning through her gag and thrashing around as much as her
bondage would let her. Now, I had other plans. I loosened the ropes
from her knees under the bed, released her wrists from the leather cuffs, sat
her up and handcuffed her hands behind her back. Then, much to her
pleasure I took off her gag and asked her if she wanted the vibrator removed.
She moaned a "Yes, please". I turned her so she was facing the
bottom corner of the bed, then kneeling in front of her I took hold of her head
and guided it down on to me, telling her "Now it's your turn to do some
work", and touching her through her panties, "and that stays in place
until I've come !!". To cut a long, (and rather graphic), story
short, she sucked, I came, the vibrator was replaced by my mouth, then me proper
and the camcorder captured the lot !!.

After I had finished taking Suzy from behind, while she was still cuffed and
blindfolded, we collapsed together on the bed. Suzy told me she badly
needed to go to the toilet. I helped her sit up and she turned to
her side and offered me her wrists to un-handcuff. Instead, I reached over
to the pillow and picked up the discarded harness ballgag. I waited for
her to start to speak and pushed the ball into her open mouth. After a
brief struggle, with her ending up face down on the bed and with me sitting on
her hips, she was firmly gagged. I then added a short length of rope from
her handcuff chain up to the D-ring on the top of the harness gag and raised her
cuffed hands up to the middle of her back. "Now you can go to the
toilet", I told her, "and I'll only let you loose if you don't make a
mess !! ".

She mmmmphed another "uuugck ooo" through her gag as I helped her
stand. As she made her way to the bathroom I took the camcorder off the
tripod and continued filming her all the while she went to the toilet. She
finished and made her way back to the bedroom, with me still recording.

As she sat back onto the bed I clipped the camcorder back onto
the tripod and disconnected the power supply, leaving it on battery power.
I undid her gag, "you bastard, I'll get you for that" she laughed and
held her hands out to be uncuffed. "Now it's my turn for the toilet, you
can let yourself out", I said as I put the handcuff key into her hand. I
quickly gathered up the tripod with the camcorder still on it and went into the
spare bedroom. There, I turned it off and hid it all in a cupboard, getting back
into my bedroom to find Suzy still trying to unlock the handcuffs. I took
the key from her and helped her out of the cuffs, then took off her leather
blindfold, and gave her a deep kiss.

Over the next few months, mainly due to Suzy's love of being blindfolded
during bondage and sex, I managed to add a few more scenes to my home
video. Unfortunately, it was about six months later that we split up,
having been together for about 4 years. I never did get around to finally
telling her about the video I had made, and in those circumstances I thought it
better not to. So Suzy, if you're reading this and you want the original,
(I'll be keeping a copy !! ), let me know.
Three

10.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**Adventures of Suzy 3**](suzy3.html)

o0o
