---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Wedding Gown
authors:
- SwitchMan
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- machine
- wrap
- encase
- cocoon
- cartrunk
- enslave
- sex
- climax
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2013-01-20 00:00:00
---

Cindy and Mark made quite a couple. They both knew their strengths, and they used them to full advantage. Cindy was a former college cheerleader. She was extraordinarily beautiful and graceful, and she knew that could have had any man she wanted. Mark was a wealthy, intelligent and successful accountant, and he knew that he could have any woman he wanted.

After six months of dating, Mark was convinced that Cindy was the woman for him, and he asked her to marry him. Cindy had grown to love Mark, and she immediately accepted. A few weeks into their engagement, Mark resolved himself to tell Cindy about his predilection for bondage and domination, and he planned a special evening for them. After an elegant dinner and an evening at the opera, Mark’s limousine driver took them back to Mark’s house in the hills.

Cindy often spent the night at Mark’s house. Mark had given Cindy her own bedroom and attached bath at his place, and while she kept her clothes and toiletries there, she usually ended up in Mark’s bed. Mark expected that tonight would be no different, and he planned to surprise her with some mild bondage in his four-poster bed.

It was late when they arrived at Mark’s house, but he poured drinks for the two of them nonetheless. The extra alcohol caused Cindy’s world to move in slow motion. Mark hoped that the alcohol would lower her inhibitions, and make his revelation easier to accept.

They went to the bedroom, and Mark helped Cindy out of her clothes. Once she was naked, Cindy threw herself onto the bed landing spread eagle in the center. Mark wasted no time in joining her. He crawled on to the bed and straddled Cindy. He placed his hands on either side of her head, and he moved his fingers through her silken hair. He nuzzled her neck and told her that he wanted to tie her to the bed and perform unspeakably erotic acts with her. The alcohol in Cindy’s system agreed, and Mark captured Cindy’s wrists in thick leather cuffs that had Mark had previously hidden under the mattress.

Once her wrists were secured, Mark produced a harness that he buckled around Cindy’s head. The confusion in Cindy’s eyes was obscured by the harness’s padded blindfold, and her pouty lips made questioning sounds as they wrapped around the integrated 2 ½ inch ballgag. In a matter of minutes, Cindy was stretched to her limits, and Mark was free to do as he pleased with her.

She tugged at the restraints, and she strained to break free, but she had no chance. Mark was like a kid in a candy store. He had his way with Cindy as she bucked, moaned and writhed. Eventually, they both collapsed in a heap of perspiration soaked sheets. When Mark removed the harness and cuffs, Cindy was unusually quiet, and they both drifted off to sleep.

In the morning, Mark found himself alone in his bed. After showering and dressing, he called Cindy hoping that she enjoyed the previous evening. The conversation was short. Cindy was so shaken up from the evening before that she called off the wedding. Mark hung up the phone devastated while on the other end, Cindy was confused and conflicted.

Cindy was embarrassed that her body reacted so strongly to being under Mark’s control. Her connection with Mark the night before was more intense than anything she had ever experienced. She longed to give herself completely to him forever. Yet, she was scared by her feelings. She was concerned that Mark didn’t respect her and that he was only using her as an object for his sexual gratification.

Over the next few days, her ego won out over her feelings of love, lust and submission. Ultimately, Cindy thought, her good looks would get her any man she wanted. She was convinced that she could easily find another wealthy accountant like Mark. As smart as they were, men like Mark tended to think with more than just their brains.

Mark gave Cindy a week before he made a move to reunite. He pulled out all the stops – flowers, candy, jewelry, and clothing, but nothing worked. Cindy wouldn’t return his calls, and she wouldn’t accept his gifts. Eventually, he arranged to have a new Mercedes delivered to the office where she worked as a receptionist.

Finally, Mark had broken the ice. Cindy was amazed that he would buy her a new car, and her materialism convinced her to set aside her concerns. After all, she did like to be spoiled. After an upscale dinner and an evening at the theater, Mark proposed for a second time, and Cindy accepted on the condition that Mark would never take her against her will.

Just saying it made Cindy wet.

Mark agreed, but reminded Cindy that he didn’t take her against her will. He asked and she accepted.

“Well, it was just so overwhelming,” Cindy answered.

“I’m not saying I would never do something like that again,” she explained. “I just want to be fully informed before it happens.”

“So... you might agree to letting me take control, as long as you know what is going to happen?” Mark asked gingerly.

“Sure, if I know what is going to happen,” Cindy answered directly.

“You set it up, and if I agree, we can do it.”

\* \* \* \* \*

A month passed, and Mark continued to shower Cindy with attention and gifts. Cindy began to wonder why she had called off the wedding in the first place. She had seriously misjudged Mark. He seemed genuinely in love with her, and to her disappointment he didn’t ask to tie her up again. Writing off the bondage play as a passing phase, she was happy to resume planning their wedding, and she announced that she would be looking for wedding gowns the next weekend.

When Mark heard that she was going to shop for wedding gowns, he insisted that she visit “Bonds of Love,” a shop owned by one of his clients, André Martel. André was a French fashion designer, and his wedding gowns were notoriously expensive. André offered to give Cindy any wedding gown she wanted. It would be André’s wedding gift to them in recognition of Mark’s years of service to his client.

The following weekend, Mark and Cindy drove to André’s shop to pick out a wedding gown. The building was a gray and green warehouse located in an industrial section of town near the airport. Cindy was wholly unimpressed until they were buzzed into the lobby. Upon opening the heavy door and stepping inside, they were surrounded by a display of twelve different styles of wedding gowns arrayed along the four walls of the lobby. The gowns, however, were not hanging on inanimate mannequins. They were modeled by twelve young models.

Cindy and Mark were immediately greeted by André who entered the lobby from an interior door. André smiled broadly and shook Mark’s hand. Then André delicately held Cindy by her shoulders and regarded her from head to toe.

“Mark is one lucky man to have captured the heart of such a beautiful woman,” he said in a thick French accent.

“Why, thank you,” Cindy replied, suddenly blushing. “And he is one lucky man to have a friend like you. I can’t thank you enough for your incredible gift.”

André led the couple to a love seat in the center of the lobby. He called for his assistant to get them all some drinks. Over the next hour, he introduced Mark and Cindy to the models and their dresses one by one. When the parade of models came to an end, Cindy had narrowed her choices down to two dresses.

André dismissed the other ten models, and helped Cindy decide between the two wedding gowns. Cindy asked the price of each, and André insisted that cost should not be a factor. After pressing him for an answer, Cindy learned that one cost $35,000 and the other $50,000.

She was stunned. She asked him how he could afford such an expensive gift. André replied that all of the dresses that she had seen that day sold for more than $30,000, but he added that the mark-up in his business was significant. He explained that one reason his dresses cost so much is that they are custom fit to each bride.

“But every dress shop requires you to come in for fittings. In fact, they often have a final fitting the day before the wedding,” Cindy noted somewhat suspiciously.

“True,” replied André.

“But look at these women,” he said gesturing toward the two remaining models.

“There isn’t a seam, wrinkle or bump that isn’t where it was designed to be,” André said proudly.

“That’s what sets us apart from the rest, and people of means are willing to pay for it. Our dresses are manufactured specifically for each bride’s body based on exacting measurements. Unlike the others, human error is not a part of our process. Everything is laser measured and computer controlled.”

André continued to explain that his dresses do not come in standard sizes. Each dress was made to order. Each bride would be measured and the dress would be made based on the exact measurements. The bride typically would attend a fitting the day before the wedding, but alterations are rarely required unless the bride would have a dramatic weight change.

André added that some brides travel thousands of miles to have one of his dresses. With the measurements that are made, packaging can be custom manufactured specifically for the dress to avoid any wrinkles or other deformities.

“So, have you decided?” André asked.

“Well, if cost is truly not a factor, I will take the gown with the corset and gloves,” Cindy said smiling.

“Then, that is the one you shall have,” André replied.

“Mark, you were right. Your young lady does have expensive taste.”

He immediately dismissed the remaining models, and helped Cindy to her feet.

“Again,” Cindy said. “Thank you so much for doing this for us,” she concluded, giving André a hug.

As Cindy began to turn toward the door, André reached out for her hand and explained that they were not finished yet. She needed to be measured so that they could manufacture the dress. He escorted the couple to a counter at the back of the lobby where there was some paperwork and a pen.

André picked up the first of two pre-printed forms, and he filled in the details regarding the dress. André handed the second form to Cindy for her to read and sign. The form was several pages long and had “Liability Release” printed at the top of the first page. The print was surprisingly small except for portions requiring answers from Cindy.

Cindy found some of the questions unusual for a dress shop. She certainly understood why she needed to identify allergies. But, why did they need to know whether she was claustrophobic? She turned to André and asked him whether the legal forms were really necessary.

“My dear,” André said condescendingly. “This represents the first day of the rest of your life. You should really take it seriously. You should completely read the forms so that you can make an intelligent decision.”

Cindy was mildly offended by the tone André took. She looked to Mark for some support, but he just shrugged.

She turned back to the contract and began reading, but she was never very good at understanding such legal language. After a couple paragraphs, she decided that it didn’t really matter what was in the contract. She wanted the dress. So, she initialed where indicated, signed at the bottom of the last page. She then signed the second agreement entitled “Care and Maintenance Contract” without review, and handed the two agreements to André.

With the formalities concluded, the group stepped through the door into the measuring facility, and André closed the door behind them. There was a low hum of machinery, fans and florescent lighting, and they stood in a warehouse facing a large metal structure that was two stories high, one hundred feet wide and at least 100 feet deep.

André explained that the measuring facility was similar to an automated car wash. He directed Cindy to follow the path marked along the floor, enter the machine through the door in front of them, and abide by any instructions given at each station.

“When you are finished, you will be delivered on the other side, and we will be there waiting for you,” he said with a kind smile.

Cindy walked into the enormous edifice and closed the door. She found herself alone in a dimly lit changing room. Almost immediately, an unseen woman’s voice began softly giving instructions.

“Welcome to our measurement and packaging facility. Please remove all of your clothing and place them on the cart to the right. Your clothing will be delivered to the exit station for retrieval after processing. Please remove any jewelry and piercings that may interfere with the equipment’s magnetic and electrostatic properties. For your safety, if you have any metallic implants which you failed to disclose on the Liability Release, please exit the facility through the door behind you and seek an authorized representative to assist you.”

“When you have finished, please follow the markings along the floor to the table near the door in front of you.”

Cindy paused. She peered down the path looking for the table, but she could see nothing but blackness. The lighting was localized to a five foot radius around where she stood.

She wondered what she was getting herself into, but she absolutely loved the wedding gown. It would be rude to turn down André’s gift, she rationalized. And after all, she was getting a $50,000 dress for free.

Cindy slowly removed her high heels, her pantyhose and her pencil skirt, and she found herself naked from the waist down. She smiled as she unbuttoned her silk blouse. The blouse was loosely fitted, but her bra was straining to contain her ample breasts. She had intentionally dressed conservatively to impress Mark’s client while concealing her natural assets to avoid attracting the wrong kind of attention.

Once she was completely nude, she heard a fan begin blowing. The air flow hit her a moment later, and the cold breeze made her nipples harden. She tried to warm herself up, but it was no use. She silently cursed the climate control system and hoped that her condition wouldn’t affect the measurement process.

She padded along the designated path. As she walked, the light behind her dimmed and a light above a table in front of her slowly illuminated. The disembodied female voice spoke to her once more.

“Please observe the protective accessories on the table before you. You will find: a pair of blackout goggles to protect your eyes from the laser measuring device; a paper breathing mask to protect your lungs from the fumes of certain robotic equipment; and a set of ear plugs to protect your hearing from the high pitched sounds generated by some of the machinery. Please take these with you and put them on when instructed.”

Cindy picked up the items and examined them. She never had to wear anything like these when she visited other dressmakers, she thought. She took them with her as she made her way through the door toward the next station.

The door led to a large dark room of indeterminate size. Cindy guessed that this was the largest area within the measuring facility. She could see red and green LED lights that appeared to be quite far away, and she could make out shadows of robotic equipment along what might have been the periphery of the enclosure.

The path on the floor was lit from above. It led to a stainless steel platform in the center of the large open space. The platform was 10 inches tall, and it was surrounded by a circle of red lights embedded in the floor.

“Please proceed to the measuring and packaging platform in the center of the room, and face the yellow light,” the soft female voice directed.

“That’s funny. That’s the second time she mentioned packaging,” Cindy thought.

She wondered whether the machine would manufacture the dress immediately after she was measured. If so, maybe she and Mark could have another drink while they waited for it.

Cindy stepped onto the platform and turned to face a yellow light some distance away.

“Please put on your protective accessories at this time,” the female voice instructed.

Cindy placed the breather over her nose and mouth. She adjusted a small metal frame to match the contour of her nose and another to match the contour of her chin. The paper fabric caused the air to feel stuffy, but she thought it was probably better than the alternative.

Cindy next placed the plugs in her ears. The outer surface of each plug was made of slow reacting foam rubber. One by one, she compressed each plug and inserted it into her ear where the foam expanded to completely seal the cavity, preventing any sound from reaching her eardrums. She looked around the large, dark, empty space in the perfect silence. She suddenly felt scared as a chill ran through her body. The LED lights from the distant robot measuring machines seemed like the eyes of menacing animals waiting for their supper.

After a long pause, she placed the blackout goggles over her eyes. At least she couldn’t see the scary machines any longer. Taking a deep breath, she began to relax a little.

Although she couldn’t hear or see them, she could tell that the mechanical devices were rolling around her. Maybe it was a change in the air flow. Maybe it was vibrations transmitted through the platform. Whatever it was, she could tell the machines were on the move.

Suddenly, the soft female voice spoke to Cindy through the ear plugs.

“Please stand up straight; keep your arms at your sides; and remain perfectly still,” she said kindly.

Cindy did her best to comply.

Without her sight and hearing, Cindy’s ability to track time was seriously impaired. It seemed like she was standing at attention for a long while before the voice spoke again.

“Torso measurement,” she announced dispassionately.

“Please lift your arms laterally until they are parallel to the ground, and hold them there. Then, please fill your lungs completely, and then evacuate them completely. Once your lungs are completely empty, please hold your breath until directed otherwise,” the voice directed.

After a pause, the voice said “Do this now.”

Cindy did her best to comply. She knew that the fit of her $50,000 dress depended on the accuracy of the measurements. Still, she didn’t understand how breathing out all of her air could be important for determining her measurements. She didn’t plan on holding her breath during her wedding.

She held her breath for as long as she could. Her lungs burned with the desire to exhale, and her arms were growing unbearably heavy. As she was at her breaking point, about to exhale and lower her arms, she felt something being wrapped around her like a corset. She couldn’t tell for sure, but it seemed to be a kind of plastic or shrink wrap. She found it rather uncomfortable, but not unbearable. At least she could breathe again, she thought, but as she relaxed her lungs to inhale only a fraction of the air she expected entered her lungs.

The wrap seemed incredibly strong, and the lack of air made her too weak to keep her arms up for much longer.

“Please do not be concerned,” the voice whispered to her.

“The gown you selected is one of our most form-fitting designs. The final product will feel much more comfortable. Your training garment will help your body adjust,” the voice explained.

Cindy was puzzled and concerned. Nobody mentioned a “training garment,” and her arms were aching for relief.

“You may lower your arms,” the voice said mercifully.

Cindy dropped her arms, but she was surprised when they come to rest just below where she was holding them. Apparently, the robotic devices shifted positions when she was having her midsection wrapped. Her wrists and her triceps, close to her elbows, rested in padded, U-shaped supports. It felt good to relax her arms. She considered quitting, but she decided she could stick it out until the end of the measuring process.

As if on cue, the soft voice whispered “good job. Just a little bit further, and you’ll be done.”

“Breast measurement,” the voice announced, indicating that the next process was about to begin.

Cindy felt something in the middle of her back. It seemed to be a thin brush with bristles that touched every point along her upper spine. She felt it move from the center of her back toward each side. Apparently there were two brushes. She surmised that they were a pair of electronic measuring devices, and they traced the contour of her upper torso around both sides, and over both breasts until the mechanical measuring devices met in the center of her chest.

Suddenly, Cindy felt a different pair of mechanical arms rotate quickly from the center of her chest to the center of her back, repetitively, several times, stretching a heavy plastic tape each time they completed a cycle. With each cycle, the mechanical arms adjusted slightly upward, causing the dispensed tape to lift and support her breasts. After a short pause, the mechanical arms made a final pass and stretched shrink wrap over her entire upper body below the armpits down to the shrink wrap corset, which she was finding increasingly difficult to tolerate.

Cindy had no idea what she actually looked like, but she imagined that she looked a bit like Morticia Addams or Wonder Woman, from television shows of the 1960s and 1970s.

Before her new layers of plastic really registered with Cindy, the soft voice announced “Lower Torso, Sleeve and Glove Measurement.”

“We will now process your lower torso, arms and hands. This is an important process to avoid restricting blood flow while accounting for restriction of your fine motor skills. Please pay close attention,” the machine’s voice cautioned.

“You will first stretch your fingers as wide as you can. You will then, make a fist as tight as you can. We will repeat these actions three times, slowly in succession. On my count, prepare to begin.”

Cindy was just recovering from the having most of her body wrapped in plastic, but she certainly didn’t want her wedding gown or gloves to restrict any blood flow. So she decided to comply as well as she could, and she waited for the machine’s signal.

“Let’s begin,” the soft female voice announced.

“Stretch one... Fist one... Stretch two... Fist two...”

Cindy felt like she was back in her Pilates class. As the woman voiced each instruction, Cindy strained to comply. First, Cindy stretched her fingers out as wide as possible. Then, she clenched her fingers together to form a solid fist. She could feel the muscle strain after the first repetition, but stretching the muscles seemed to make her fist even more solid the second time.

Immediately after making her second fist, the machine quickly wrapped her clenched fists in several layers of plastic until they became smooth plastic ovals. Cindy was shocked and concerned by the loss of her fine motor skills. She expected to repeat the process a third time, but apparently the machine had other ideas. Cindy was even more shocked when the padded, U-shaped brackets swiveled around to O-shaped, completely trapping her wrists and elbows.

Cindy’s body reacted as it had on the evening that she had bondage sex with Mark. Her heart was racing, she felt a strange longing in her chest, and her juices began to flow.

As Cindy began to panic and tug at her padded manacles, the machine furiously spun around her hips, like a spider spinning its web around a trapped fly. The machine spun from her hips, down around her thighs and further down until it reached her ankles. With every revolution, it forced her legs together firmly and laid down a layer of plastic. It stopped momentarily to retool, but when it began again, the machine wrapped a thicker plastic layer around her ankles, above her knees and around her already reduced waist.

“The measurement phase is now complete,” the voice whispered in a reassuring way.

Once Cindy realized what the voice just told her, she stopped struggling so furiously.

“From this point on, please remain still,” the female voice said softly but firmly.

Cindy didn’t like the way the voice was beginning to speak to her. She couldn’t quite identify what it was, but there was an edge to the voice that wasn’t there previously. As though to make a childish point, she pulled uselessly at her trapped wrists one last time, and pouted behind her paper breathing mask.

“Remain still,” the female voice repeated insistently.

Even though the machine instructed her to remain motionless, or perhaps because of it, Cindy decided she could tolerate no more. No wedding dress was worth this treatment. Cindy redoubled her efforts to release her wrists, and she thrashed about to remove her arms. The machine slowly and methodically lowered the brackets trapping her wrists and arms causing them to press them against her sides.

“Again, for your own safety, please remain still,” the female voice directed in a concerned tone.

Cindy could feel a breeze from a mechanical arm revolving around her head at a frightening rate. She managed a pathetic scream, but it did nothing to stop the revolving arm from laying down several more layers of plastic from her neck, over her shoulders and down the length of her arms to her hips. As the rotating dispenser approached her elbows and her wrists, the corresponding manacles were removed, but even without the mechanical restraints, the plastic sheeting hugged Cindy tightly preventing even the slightest movement.

Unconcerned with Cindy’s struggles, the female voice announced “Head processing.”

“Head processing!” Cindy shouted through the breathing mask.

Cindy’s heart rate jumped higher, and she tried to catch her breath despite her constricted lungs. Sheer panic caused her to try to hop away from the equipment and call for help even though her limbs and senses were no longer her own. She bent her knees as much as she could, but before she could push up to begin hopping, padded mechanical calipers grabbed her ankles, waist and shoulders. The calipers were supported by a padded vertical bar that the equipment secured to the base of the platform.

There was nothing she could do to resist. She was completely helpless. She saw white flashes in the center of her eyes, and darkness engulfed the periphery of her vision. She screamed again, but it was muffled when a plastic bag was lowered over her head and around the top of her shoulders. Suddenly, a blast of hot air swirled around her head and down toward her shoulders. As the plastic bag absorbed the heat, it shrank to fit her features like a second skin. She was thankful for the air that was still in her breathing mask, but it was only enough for one good breath of breathable air. Cindy used the air up quickly and was about to hyperventilate when the machine drilled a ½ inch diameter hole in the center of the mask allowing her to fill her lungs with air.

As the drill bit retracted, a static charge ensured that the dislodged paper and plastic from the hole retracted with it. She greedily opened her mouth to take in as much air as her restricted lungs would hold, but as soon as the drill bit retracted from her mouth, a soft rubber tube entered to take its place. Unlike the drill bit, however, the tube did not stop at her lips.

The tube penetrated her mouth and continued to violate her oral cavity until it stopped just in front of her uvula, the punching bag at the back of her throat. Distressed, Cindy tried to use her tongue to push the rubber tube back out, but her protesting just enhanced her gag reflex.

Within seconds, just inside her front teeth, the tube began to excrete a sweet jellylike substance. The voice in her ear warned her not to swallow the substance at any cost. It was toxic if ingested but perfectly safe if it remained in her mouth. Almost as soon as the jelly entered her mouth it began to harden. As the jelly hardened from the center of her mouth behind her teeth, it continued to flow into vacant areas in her oral cavity. Within seconds, Cindy found her mouth completely filled with the hardened jelly, including the portion of her mouth in front of her teeth and gums but inside her lips.

Finally, the automated equipment had completed its task, and one by one, the robots returned to their respective locations along the walls of the facility. Cindy stood motionless on the stainless steel platform, propped up by padded metal brackets around her ankles, waist and shoulders.

She waited, but nothing more happened. The voice provided no guidance. The processing equipment sat dormant. She moaned through her only connection with the outside world, her breathing tube, but no human was close enough to hear her.

After standing there for what seemed like ten or fifteen minutes, the circular metal platform on which she was standing lifted slowly and began to roll toward the exit door. The calipers around Cindy’s waist continued to prevent her from falling, and after several seconds, the silver metal disc carrying Cindy came to a stop at the exit where Mark and André had agreed to meet her.

Cindy felt the plastic wrapping being cut just below waist level in the front and rear. The erratic, less precise strokes didn’t seem to be mechanical. She concluded that Mark must be cutting her free. She couldn’t wait to be able to move again, and she looked forward to giving André a piece of her mind. How dare he violate her like this without her consent! And Mark, of all people should have known better than to tie her up like this again without asking her.

Suddenly the cutting stopped, and she felt a warm substance being massaged into her vaginal and anal cavities. Even though it would be her natural inclination to make it stop, it was rather pleasant. Cindy involuntarily added her own lubrication to the process, and whoever was violating her seemed to notice. She tried to squirm, but she was held fast. She tried to tighten her muscles to keep the intruders out, but they continued to lubricate her inside and out.

After a momentary pause, she felt some type of devices being forced inside of her most private places. Cindy tried to scream out that they were too large, but her full mouth prevented her from producing any intelligible sound. After reaching a painful peak, the stretching of her openings subsided, as the circumference of the intruder was reduced. The largest portions of the devices had passed through and continued to apply pressure from within.

Without warning, she could then feel the plastic being cut around her nipples. The pressure of her ample breasts against the tight wrapping caused her nipples and areolas to bubble out of her plastic cocoon, and Cindy’s nipples stood at attention with the exposure to the air conditioning. Suddenly her anal and vaginal inserts began to vibrate, and if she hadn’t been held in place, she would surely have lost her footing.

The erotic vibrations caused Cindy to momentarily divert her attention from her nipples which were pulled through two metal sheathes and pinched by two small metal nipple clips. Each metal sheath covered one of her areolas, and each sheathe was attached to a clip. The sheathes included small bullets that vibrated at random intervals for random lengths of time. The bullets further emitted random electrical shocks that were conducted through the sheathes to her areolas.

The stimulation of all of her private places, her inability to prevent it and the loss of all of her other senses nearly drove Cindy wild. Her muscles tensed and pulled, but to an ordinary observer she remained perfectly still.

A new voice spoke through Cindy’s ear plugs.

“I hope you are enjoying your new situation,” her fiancé said.

Cindy had trouble focusing on his words

“As you have no doubt surmised, you haven’t just been getting measured for a wedding dress,” Mark explained, pausing to let his words sink in.

“Had you taken the time to read the Agreements you signed, you would know that you have agreed to be my permanent slave. You signed away your right to free will, and absolved André of any liability.”

Cindy could barely comprehend what was going on. She was constantly on the verge of an orgasm, and all she could think of was getting over the edge.

“I could tell that you enjoyed our foray into bondage, but that you were afraid of giving yourself over to it. I brought you here taking the chance that you would either turn me down or agree to the ‘Bonds of Love’ Agreements. I was surprised when you carelessly signed away your life without reading them.”

Cindy felt an uncontrollable tremor building within.

“The wedding dress will be ready in four weeks. At that time, I will release you and give you a chance to back out of our marriage and your contracts. I am hoping that you don’t. I am hoping that I can show you how gratifying a life with me can really be.”

Cindy’s blindfolded eyes rolled back into her head as a wave of pleasure washed over her entire body. She had never felt anything so intense before in her life.

\* \* \* \* \*

Cindy couldn’t tell when she was loaded into the back of Mark’s car; she couldn’t tell when Mark unloaded her and wheeled her into his bedroom; but she slowly became aware of her situation once Mark had removed the plastic and suspended her spread eagle at the foot of his bed.

Mark fell asleep that night gazing on his new possession.

Cindy had a delightfully fitful sleep being teased by the continued vibrations and the anticipation of her new life.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=559.0)
