---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Saddle Sore
authors:
- Larkshead76
tags:
- Sbf
- toys
- buttplug
- machine
- caught
- M+/f
- gag
- blindfold
- crop
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-02-01 00:00:00
---

Major Susannah Sachs finished buckling on her riding boots and stood to inspect herself in the mirror. Today, she would only be training cadets in the Cavalry Division of which she was an instructor, so she was wearing a green t-shirt and combat fatigues rather than her more formal uniform which was expected when she trained the officers. She pulled back her shoulders and twisted her hips around to make sure everything was in order and stepped out into the afternoon sun to see what this week’s crop of cadets looked like.

Striding across the training ground, she could see a gaggle of six young men standing in a group chatting and laughing. One stood a few inches taller than the others at the centre of the group, and based on how the others responded to him, he was clearly the ringleader. His dark hair was cut short, and in passing she noted he was rather attractive as he easily laughed at something said to him. She decided to call him ‘Tall Guy’.

The others were more ragtag, she noted an untucked t-shirt here, and unpolished boot there. ”Great,” she thought, “a bunch of crows.” She hated training new recruits as they tended to still be adjusting to military authority. The fact that she was a woman – and a pretty one at that – didn’t make things any easier.

She stood in front of them with her arms folded behind her back and waited for them to fall in line. At a nod from ‘Tall Guy’, they eventually fell in and gave her their attention. She noted that they were giving her breasts a particularly high level of attention, but she was used to that.

“Cadets! Five laps of the training field, GO!” she commanded, and they set off at a trot around the field. The tall one was clearly in good shape but as they reformed the line, she saw that the others were puffing and panting a little from the exertion.

“So, they’ve given me another sorry lot. Great!” she shouted as she began to inspect them. “Your fitness is not where it needs to be! My gran could outrun most of you, and she’s dead!” Tall Guy smiled, but the others were looking sheepishly at the floor.

“Five more laps, GO!” she shouted, and again they ran around the field. After that, she ran basic boot camp drills. These were intended to increase core and thigh strength, essential for a good horseman.

After an hour of this, she relented and allowed them to take a drink of water.

“She’s a real ballbreaker,” said one. “I’m knackered! I thought this would be an easy gig.”

“Where are the horses? So far, the only thing I want to ride is the instructor,” The others laughed, checking to make sure she couldn’t hear.

Tall Guy took a long swig from his pontoon. “I’ll ask her if we can ride an actual horse today. It was what we are here for after all.”

As they formed up after their break, Tall Guy raised a hand. “Ma’am, can I ask a question?” Major Sachs nodded.

“When do we get to ride a horse?” the others nodded eagerly.

Surveying their keen faces, she knew half of them weren’t ready. A big part of her job was to keep the cadets and their mounts safe, and throwing an untrained recruit onto an experienced military steed was only going to end in injury.

“When you can show me that you are ready, and you aren’t huffing and puffing like a bunch of asthmatic goats after some basic exercise, I’ll think about letting you near the training horse!” She saw a little anger in a few faces then and remembered why she hated training newbies as they hated being bested and kicked into shape. “Well,” she thought, “let’s make this a lesson they remember.”

“You are ALL pathetic!” she said, allowing her voice to raise like her old drill instructor had, as she began to pace up and down in front of them. “You want to ride a horse? We would be better off letting the horses ride you! I have NEVER seen a group of crows as unfit and untrained as you are! TEN MORE LAPS! NOW!”

Sullenly, they set off at a jog, and she could see the grim set of Tall Guy’s face as he led them around for another set of laps. “Did I go too far?” she thought. “Maybe, but they need to learn sooner rather than later.”

Grumpily, the men formed up and she saw one was limping slightly.” He’ll feel that tomorrow,” she thought. “That’s probably enough of the stick, time for a little bit of carrot perhaps.”

“Cadets! Follow me!” she commanded, and led them from the field to a small training building at the back of the training field. They marched in and formed a line once more, and Major Sachs motioned with her hand toward the piece of training equipment in front of them.

“May I present Bessy, the training mount!” Bessy was essentially a mechanical horse, but to the un-initiated it looked a lot like one of the mechanical bull rides you often see at holiday parks. Bessy had no legs and a rough representation of a head, but the body and back of the horse were well-sculpted and looked very realistic. On Bessy’s back was a saddle. The men regarded Bessy and seemed decidedly unimpressed.

“Bessy will improve and test your core riding skills. Allow me to demonstrate.”
With that she leapt comfortably up into the saddle and removed a remote control from her pocket which controlled the mechanical mount. She flicked the remote to ‘canter’, and Bessy began to slowly sway and bounce smoothly up and down, replicating the relaxed gait of a real cantering horse. She was an experienced rider and gripped the saddle with her thighs and moved in time with the rhythm of the steed. As was usually the case at this stage of training, she saw that the cadets were paying more attention to her arse than her actual technique.

With some irritation, she decided to teach this lot another lesson. “Right, you!” she shouted, pointing at the guy with a limp. “Climb up in the saddle!” He obliged and sat rigidly in the saddle and gripped the training reigns. Once again, she flicked the remote to ‘canter’, and after what she found to be a highly amusing thirty seconds as he flailed around in the saddle – he was thrown to the ground. Fortunately, as Bessy had no legs, this was at most a three-foot drop onto a padded mat. She laughed.

“Wow, a master horseman! Who can do better?” None met her eye except for Tall Guy. She decided to leave his turn until last. If he was thrown from the saddle, they might listen to her tomorrow once they had all had time to lick their wounds.

The other four cadets fell in roughly the same time and humorous style as the first, and they all stood grumpily in a line glaring at her. Finally, she indicated that it was Tall Guy’s turn. Simply from the way he got in the saddle, she could tell he could ride, and he easily stayed in the saddle when she flicked the machine to ‘canter’.

“Ok, so you have ridden a donkey at the fair ground! Well done! Let’s make this more of a challenge!” She flicked Bessy up into full gallop, which caused the machine to jerk up and down much more quickly, and within seconds Tall Guy lay on the floor at her feet. Grudgingly he pulled himself upright and joined the others in line.

“Fuck me, we’ve got some work to do tomorrow!” she shouted. “Go back to your barracks and rest! Tomorrow, make sure you put your big girl pants on because you have got to prove to me you have what it takes to actually graduate from this riding academy, and from what I’ve seen today the chances of that are about as small as your cocks! Dismissed!”

They marched back to the barracks in silence, and gathered around the water cooler at the end of the dorm area.

“Fuck me, I’d like to take her down a peg or two,” said one.

“Me too,” said another. “I thought they called her ‘Sexy Suzy’, nothing sexy about the way she acts. Way more of a bitch than I expected.”

“Agreed.” Tall Guy downed his cup of water and put his hand on the shoulder of Tom, the guy with the limp. “Shame there’s not much we can do about it though.”

Tom begrudgingly nodded. “I’m going for a walk to stretch my leg out,” he said, rubbing his hamstring. “You never know, an opportunity may present itself.”

Later that evening, Susannah dropped onto the bed in her room. “What a day,” she thought. “Well, only a few more months of this gig and I’ll move on to a different base.”
She found the whole job a bit tedious on some days, but she had found a way to make at least the evenings more fun for herself. Getting up, she decided it was late enough to go back to the training room and give herself some much-needed fun.

When she had first seen the bucking mechanical horse and felt the rhythmic motion against her pussy, she immediately saw the potential in it. To begin with, she was content to slip down in the evenings when no-one was around, strip down into her bra and panties and make herself cum using the motion of the machine. After a time, this wasn’t enough, so she took a dildo down with her and put that inside her whilst the machine did all the work. Now however, she had perfected her preferred method of getting herself off.

Susannah pulled her specially made saddle out from its hiding place behind her locker. For the most part it looked like any other saddle. It was made of soft dark leather, and had stirrups and a pommel and everything you would expect to see, plus a couple of other additions. Most notably, on the saddle itself were two dildos, one just over 6 inches in length with a bobbled finish to go in her pussy, and a slightly shorter and narrower one to go in her ass. Both dildos flared at the base, and were firmly attached to the saddle itself using sturdy bolts that held them in place as she rode them. The only other obvious additions were several leather straps on the stirrups themselves. These were so Susannah could strap her feet firmly in place and not be thrown from the saddle whilst she was playing. She had learnt the hard way that they were essential…. The first time she had tried the saddle, she almost slipped out of the stirrups as her mind drifted off when she came, and the feeling of falling immediately pulled her out of her reverie. The straps fixed this problem.

Susannah hefted the saddle up onto the back of the mechanical horse and tightened the girth and billets around and under the horse to keep the saddle in place. It was getting late in the evening, and the few staff and cadets on the base should be in their barracks by now as were the rules of the base. Out of habit she checked that no-one was around, slipped out of her clothes and underwear, and carefully got up into the saddle. She rested her bum on the cantle at the back of the saddle rather than the seat and pulled a bottle of lube out of a cubby-hole in the pommel carved out for this purpose. After putting a liberal amount of lube on both the dildos, particularly the one destined for her ass, she stood up in the stirrups and lowered herself onto both phalluses.

“God, that feels good, I needed this today,” she thought. She could feel she was already horny and desperate to get started, but she still had work to do. Putting the lube back in the pommel, she set about tightening the straps she had added to the stirrups to keep her in place. There were three on each leg – one at the ankle, one above her calf just below the knee, and the final strap was about mid-thigh. The thigh strap prevented much in the way of side-to-side movement, but still allowed limited movement up and down. Whilst she had been perfecting the saddle, she had found she didn’t need much vertical movement to really feel the effects, plus getting thrown upwards and off the dildos only to land back on them was something she very much wanted to avoid.

After a quick check of the straps, she took the remote that controlled the horse from a second cubby-hole in the pommel, attached the remote to her wrist using a strap and set the horse into a gentle walk to get started. As the horse simulated the swaying of a horse walking, the dildos inside her began to move in a gentle, rotating fashion. She loved how this felt in pussy but especially in her ass, and she began to lift herself slightly out of the saddle and lower herself to feel the dildos stroke her inside.

Closing her eyes, she began to think of Tall Guy, and what it would be like to ride him, gripping his chest and grinding into him until she came. These thoughts made her want to cum, so she quickly changed the remote setting to ‘quick canter’ and braced her hands against the pommel. Her orgasm came quickly then with the increased speed. She moaned softly whilst her head swam with thoughts of kissing Tall Guy’s neck and riding his cock. Breathing more heavily now, she placed her hands behind her on the saddles’ cantle which pushed the pussy dildo more firmly onto her g-spot. “Time for a couple more,” she thought, and returned to her fantasy of Tall Guy.

Tom pulled out his vape and took a deep pull. He had smuggled it in and found a great place behind the training building to hide from the multitude of CCTV cameras on the base to satisfy his nicotine needs. He’d not been brave enough to bring real cigarettes however, and the smell of the vape was far easier to explain than cigarette smoke.

Exhaling, he thought of the events of the day. Tom hated riding and horses, and he had only come to complete the training as it was mandatory for the company he was applying for. Taking another pull, he thought about Major Sachs, or Sexy Suzie as he preferred to call her in his head. “Yeah, she’s fit, but she didn’t need to be such a bitch about us,” he half-said to himself. “If anyone needs a good spanking, it’s her.” He began to daydream then about her bent over his knee. Slowly he pulled her panties down and began to rub her ass. He felt himself getting hard at the thought, and in his mind gave her a firm slap across her arse, quickly followed by several more.

As he visualised how her arse would blush up, he thought of pushing a finger into her and feeling how wet she had got from her spanking. She opened her imaginary legs for him, and he began to stroke her clit in slow circles, and she began to moan softly….

It took Tom a moment to realise that the soft moans of a woman weren’t actually in his head, but he could actually hear them! Putting his vape away, he walked quietly and gingerly on his sore leg around the building to see if could find the source. “I bet some bugger is watching porn around here, it’s a good hiding spot after all,” he thought. As he passed a window, he peeped in and couldn’t believe what he could see.

There, in all her naked glory, was Sexy Suzie riding away on the back of the mechanical training horse that he had been thrown from earlier. And my god was she enjoying herself! The horse was cantering away beneath her, and she was grinding away on it for all she was worth. From his vantage point, he couldn’t see the dildos in her or he would have realised why she was bucking and grinding down as she was on saddle. In awe, he watched as she achieved what he could only assume was a fairly sizable orgasm. Her hair whipped across her back as she looked to the heavens through closed eyes and let out a groan that immediately turned his dick to rock.

An idea began to form in Tom’s mind. Grinning, he quickly took a video of her riding on his phone, then set off as quickly as he could manage back to the barracks. Limping quickly into the main room where the others were gathered, he pulled out his phone and motioned for the others to gather around.

“Come and look at this, chaps,” he urged. They gathered around and he smiled as they jostled to get a better view of their naked instructor.

“Fuck me she’s a horny little devil,” said one. “She’s going full-on Lady Godiva on that thing!” Tom had only taken thirty seconds of film to prove he was telling the truth, and when it finished, he put the phone back in his pocket.

“Who’s up for a bit of payback then lads?” he asked. They nodded, but Tom looked across to Tall Guy. Tom knew if Tall Guy was in, they all would be. Tall Guy held his eye for a second, then smiled and nodded.

“Yeah she deserves it after the way she treated you. What have you got in mind?” he asked.

Tom pretended to think for a moment, but he already had a pretty good idea what he was going to do.

“You,” said Tom, pointing to the guy nearest to him. “Go and grab me a few lengths of rope and some tape from the first-aid kit.” We are going to make sure she stays put on that horse of hers for a while and have a little fun of our own. We’ll film her cumming away on military equipment, and I think then tomorrow she might be a bit nicer to us when we mention we might post it online.”

Within moments, the guy returned holding several lengths of rope and a roll of white microfoam tape. “Right,” said Tom, “let's go see Sexy Suzy.”

Susannah was on her third orgasm by now. In her head, she had moved on to thinking about two Tall Guys. She was on her hands and knees, with one Tall Guy behind her fucking her ass whilst the other was using her mouth. She was close to another orgasm, and didn’t hear the sounds of softly approaching footsteps. Suddenly, several things happened at once. The machine stopped, and several pairs of hands grabbed her arms and shoulders. Her wrists were held behind her back, and another hand pushed her forward in the saddle, pinning her against the dildos. She began to shout, but a soft piece of cloth was pushed into her open mouth, and what she assumed was tape was wrapped around her mouth and head to keep the cloth in place. She very quickly realised by the taste that she had been gagged with the panties she had been wearing all day and left discarded on the floor. She heard the sound of tape being ripped off, and another piece was placed over her eyes, effectively blinding her so she couldn’t see her assailants.

Pulling her upright, her wrists were bound behind her and she felt them being tied to something on the saddle straps, which again pushed the dildo in her pussy against her g-spot. Tugging at her bonds, there was some give there but not much. She pointlessly yelled into her gag as more rope was tied around her chest and upper arms, keeping her arms pressed to her body and further limiting any movement. As the final touch to her bondage was added, her fingers were pushed into a fist and more tape was applied around her bunched fingers. There was no way she was getting that off and untying any of the knots now, or reaching the remote that controlled the horse.

Within minutes she found herself gagged, blindfolded and thoroughly tied onto the now stationary training horse. Her mouth was filled with the acrid taste of day-old panties, and as she tested her bonds, she realised with dismay that she wasn’t going anywhere. In her head, two things were happening. One part of her mind was screaming that she was in danger and needed to escape, but the second part… now… that was singing a very different song. She could feel how wet she was, and the feeling of helplessness was very alluring. As the siren call of her pussy began to take over, she found herself wishing that whomever had bound her had not turned the machine off…..

A voice entered her head from nearby. “So, Major Sexy Pants, time we had a nice chat about today’s little performance.” It was Tom speaking, but blindfolded as she was, she had no way of knowing this. “Here is how it's going to go. We are going to turn the horse back on and make a little movie for us to enjoy. We might even let you watch it if you are a good girl for us.” He paused for effect, as the bound and blindfolded instructor uselessly tried to look for the person speaking. Susannah tried again to speak, but nothing but muffled grunts escaped the gag. Was that Tall Guy? She couldn’t tell.

“For the rest of our time here, we will be model students. You, however, will treat us with some respect. If we all pass, then we’ll give you the only copy of the videos. If not, and you continue to treat us like shit, then the video goes online. “

Susannah thought quickly, her mind racing. Her pussy was insistent now, it needed the horse to be turned on. It needed to feel the thrusting cocks mixed with the heady cocktail of her bindings. Need was all she felt.

“Do you agree, Major Sachs?” asked the voice.

Mutely, she nodded her assent.

“Ok, switch the power back on!”

The horse sprang into life, still on the fast canter setting. Her dripping cunt gratefully accepted the welcome attention as she bounced onto the two phallic devices in her cunt and ass, and within seconds she came again. She pulled on her wrist bindings and grunted into her gag as the orgasm hit and persisted. The horse did not stop, and she could feel her orgasm being drawn out for what seemed like forever.

“Blimey,” said the voice, “I barely had time to get my phone out! A few more like that should do us. Let’s crank up the pace a notch.”

“Nooo!” she tried to shout, but all that came out was a stifled “Mmmmph!” Susannah realised they still hadn’t noticed the dildos inside her, and she had never taken the horse over the ‘fast canter’ setting it was currently on. With a mix of curiosity, trepidation and sheer horniness, she wondered what the faster settings would feel like.

It didn’t take long to find out. The mechanical mount below her moved into ‘slow gallop’ and the motion changed from a regular swaying to something faster and more urgent. Rather than the dildos moving around in an almost circular fashion inside her, she was now bouncing up and down rapidly on the two cocks. She was glad that the flared bases of the dildos meant that the one in her pussy wasn’t ramming her cervix, but it did feel like she was being filled when she landed down on it each time. And the one in her ass! She had never been properly fucked in the ass; she had added it to the saddle for some extra stimulation but nothing like this! The horse continued its relentless gallop, and she bounced up and down, up and down on the dildos inside her. Her orgasm hit her from nowhere, and louder this time she moaned through her gag, breathing heavily through her nostrils.

Tom, one hand holding the camera-phone and the other shamelessly stroking his cock, zoomed in the camera on her ass and noticed something strange on the saddle.

“Hey, what’s that in her ass?” he cried. Tall Guy went over to inspect and parted her ass-cheeks to get a better view. “It looks like a butt plug? No…, wait! It’s attached to the saddle. There’s another one in her cunt!”

Susannah dipped her head in shame, they had found the dildos at last. Again, she tried to speak, but nothing intelligible came out.

“Dirty girl!” cooed Tom, coming closer to take a better shot with the camera. He started to stroke her ass.

Tall Guy spoke next. “Well that explains why she hasn’t fallen off. I did wonder about that.” Tall Guy looked at the bound beauty on the horse. “Fuck she’s hot,” he thought. He had considered ignoring the difference in their ranks and asking her out for a drink, but no chance of that now. He did have some morals however, and he began to feel a little guilty about what they were doing to the girl. She was into it though, he’d been with enough women to recognise when they were having a good time, and she really was. The saddle was covered in her juices, and evidently she had had more than one orgasm before they found her. He decided to at least save her some dignity.

“Right lads, here’s what we are going to do!” he shouted. His voice was full of command, and he was clearly used to being obeyed. The others stopped and stared at him with mixed expressions.

“The rope and dildos mean she isn’t going anywhere, so we will set up the camera over there, then leave the Major alone for a while on the horse to make the video. Then tomorrow we proceed as Tom says, but we aren’t going to perv over her or abuse her any more than we have. Is that clear?”

They all nodded sullenly, and surprisingly even Tom seemed to concede. Tom put down his vape and set the camera up on a nearby shelf, and slowly shuffled towards the door. Reaching to the remote still on the Major’s wrist, Tall Guy turned down the horse setting to ‘fast canter’, the same as it was when they had entered.

Leaning in, he whispered in her ear so only she could hear. “You seem to be enjoying this, are you ok?” he asked. She nodded and tried again to look around at who was speaking. “I’ll come and get you in about 30 minutes, enough time for you to have some fun. I’ll make sure no harm comes to you, and don’t worry about the video. I promise it will never see the light of day.” She nodded again, and this time she heard the sound of voices and footsteps leaving. Once more, her pussy called to her and she wrestled against her bindings and ground herself into the saddle in search of another orgasm.

Outside, Tall Guy led the others back to the barracks, very aware that he was getting more than a few cross looks from the others. He stopped and faced them. At 6 feet 3 inches, he towered over most of them. Silently, he stared them down.

“Listen,” he said, “we aren’t going to hurt that girl in there, and despite the fact that you all had your cocks in your hands you aren’t going to fuck her either. She can have her fun on that horse, and we can shame her into being a bit nicer to us. That’s all. Understand?”

More sullen nods followed, and they all headed toward the barracks door. Tom stopped and patted his pockets. “Damn it,” he mumbled, “Left my vape in there. I’ll not be long.” Turning, he set off back to the training room. Tall Guy didn’t notice him peel off, nor did he spot the broad grin on Tom’s face as he departed.

Susannah was flying. Without the feeling of eyes on her and left to her own fantasies which were bolstered by the feelings of restraint, she was coming off the best and most intense orgasms of her life. Fantasy Tall Guy had tied and gagged her, and was furiously fucking her like a steamtrain. The idea was still with her, when suddenly she was dragged back to reality by a sharp pain across her arse.

“Just us now,” said the voice again. Another crack landed across her bum closely followed by several more, she guessed one of the many riding crops adorning the walls in the training room was being used on her. Again and again, a stinging line was drawn across her bum cheeks, and she tried to shout out again through the gag and wriggle away from the striking line of pain on her arse.

“Now then,” said Tom. I'm going to crank the horse up to full and give you the thrashing you so richly deserve, but you can avoid all that if you can answer one question. Do you want to know what the question is?” he punctuated the sentence with more lashes of the crop. She mewled into the panties taped into her mouth and nodded furiously.

“Ok then, here it is. The question is, *do you know my name?”*

She stopped moving and that point as realisation sank in. She didn’t know any of their names, and they knew that. Submissively, she shook her head.

“Thought not,” said Tom, sounding very pleased with himself. “Maybe in future you will make an effort to learn them? I will give you something to help remind you.” Tom reached up to her wrist and turned the dial to ‘full gallop’ – the fastest the machine would go. She began to bounce up and down hard onto the two invaders in her ass and pussy, and again Tom resumed the beating of her glowing arse.

She had never been fucked like this, either by the horse or by anyone. She hadn’t dared take the horse up to this speed, although she had been curious to try, and the thrusting into her arsehole was a whole new and frankly amazing experience. The feeling of fullness combined with the constant ramming of the cock in her pussy as she was thrown up by the gallop and landing down on both was almost too much. The additional sensation of being relentlessly thrashed pushed over the edge, and another orgasm tore through her. The dildos did not relent, and her head spun as she seemed to ride the crest of the orgasm for what seemed like an age.

Eventually, the horse was reduced to a slow canter again, and she heard what she thought was a chair being dragged over towards her. She felt something soft and light being pulled over her nose and face, and then heard a piece of tape being ripped and stuck over whatever was on her face so it was held in place on her forehead and the tape already over her gagged mouth. Tom shuffled the fabric around, and as Susannah breathed in through her nose, she realised that once again her own worn panties were on her face. As she inhaled. She could smell herself as well as taste herself from the wadded and now soaking panties in her gagged mouth. She tried to shake them off, but tape held them over her nose.

“That’s better,” said Tom. “I grabbed another pair of your panties from the laundry on the way over. Now for the crowning touch.”

Nothing seemed to happen for a second, but she could hear some puffing and heavy breathing near her face. Then she started as she felt something spatter across her nose and cheeks, and she realised he had just cum all over her face. He was breathing heavily now, and it seemed like gallons of his jizz was hitting her, dripping down the tape over her eyes. Most of it landed on the panties covering her face however, and Tom reached over and smeared his load all around her face, making sure that gusset over her nose was covered in his juice.

 She shook her head vigorously, but the smell wasn’t going anywhere. When she breathed in, she could feel the wetness around her nostrils, and it made her gag slightly. With some surprise, again she noted that her pussy seemed to be thriving on the depravity. She felt another orgasm stirring, but slower this time as the mechanical steed was only cantering.

“Dirty bitch,” murmured Tom into her ear. “You’re getting off on all of this, aren’t you?” He carefully climbed off the chair and moved it back to where he had got it.

“Time for me to go,” he said, louder this time so she could hear. “But I’m kind, and I wouldn’t want you to get bored.” Again she felt the remote cranked up to full speed, and she howled into her gag as the sensations overrode her.

“See you in half an hour! Maybe even longer if I can delay that moralistic oaf back at the barracks!”

Susannah was worried now, half an hour on this speed would soon become painful – especially as she had cum so much already. She tried to shout into the gag for the man to return, but the gag was as effective as ever. She tried to reach for the wrist remote, but the tape on her hands prevented her from activating the device and the rope and leg straps meant she was entirely at the mercy of this man.

Her struggles only seemed to accelerate her impending orgasm, and as she sucked air in through her nose she was forced to inhale deeply the smell of the spunk that had been left on her face. She came then like never before, and it didn’t seem to show any signs of stopping as the next orgasms merged into the one she was just recovering from. She went rigid from the force of it, desperately sucking air through the cum-soaked panties on her face. “Oh fuuuuck,” she thought as she continued to bounce helplessly up and down on the permanently hard cocks in her holes. “Oh no, not again……nooo! Mmpph! Mmphhh!!”

Tom was feeling pretty pleased with himself. He hadn’t actually left, and was lurking by the door to watch the show. He couldn’t believe he had actually orchestrated this, and what a video he had now! Tom had no intention of handing this over, no matter how much better the bitch treated them. He was going to make a fortune off this. He could buy that Audi he had always wanted to buy. Then Tom felt what seemed like a boulder smash into his jaw, and his world went black.

Tall Guy rushed into the room, stepping easily over the prone body of Tom. Rubbing his knuckles, he quickly turned off the machine and set about releasing the bound Major from the horse. Pulling out his knife, he cut the ropes binding her and the tape from her mouth and eyes, wrinkling his nose as he discarded the spunk-coated panties. In her stupor, Susannah was grateful that her rescuer was unbuckling the straps on her legs rather than cutting them. The saddle had cost a fair bit to make, after all.

Tall Guy easily lifted her off the dildos and carried her in his arms to her room, where he wrapped a blanket around her. He then returned to the training room to retrieve the phone, taking care to give Tom a hefty kick in the ribs as he passed.

On his return to Susannah’s barracks, he was surprised to find that she was sitting up and drinking from a canteen of water. He hadn’t expected her to be moving yet, and he had hoped to redeem the situation by freeing her and ensuring she had in her possession the only video evidence of the encounter before slipping away. He stared at her from the doorway for a few seconds until habit kicked in, at which point he snapped his heels together and saluted smartly.

Susannah snorted water all over the bed at this and laughed. “My rescuer I presume?” she asked. He nodded silently. “Major, I’m sorry. We wanted to have a little fun at your expense, but what Tom did was beyond the pale. It was never the intention to humiliate you to that extent.” Tall Guy was still saluting, and she beckoned to him with her hand.

“Pass me the phone,” she said. She watched the footage of herself being bound and gagged, then cumming over and over until she was thrashed with a riding crop, given a facial and then left to cum again on the horse going at full speed. “Man, I look hot,” she thought. “That was hot though.” Although she had just had the experience of her life in many ways, she began to hear the quiet crooning of her pussy becoming more prevalent again. “Later,” she whispered to herself.

“Right,” she said, resuming command. “Here is what is going to happen. We have here on video the evidence of limping guy –“

“Tom,” said Tall Guy. “His name is Tom.” Susannah paused for a moment. Even if she had known his name, would she have owned up to it earlier and stopped what was happening? She doubted it.

“Tom.” She echoed. “Well, we have Tom’s phone, and video evidence of what Tom did here to me.”

Tall Guy stepped into the room and sat on the bed. “What will you do now?” he asked. She thought for a moment before responding.

“Well, I think I see an opportunity here for me to have a little fun for the next few weeks. I have Tom bang to rights, and I see an extremely tough few weeks coming his way…. I think shit-shovelling duties will be the absolute best he can hope for.”

“What about me, and the others?” he asked.

“The others I don’t care much for, but you…” She stroked his neck, “You will be spending a lot of time over the next few weeks making this up to me. *How I decide, when I decide it*.” Her hand moved down his chest and she grabbed his cock firmly, making him wince. She smiled sweetly and squeezed harder. “Do you understand, Tall Guy?”

“Yes, he replied breathlessly, “but my name is…”

“I don’t care,” she interrupted. “Your name is Tall Guy. Deal with it.”
