---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/spandex/storieslz/a_zentai_honeymoon.html
subcategory: Maid-bot Stories
title: A Zentai Honeymoon
authors:
- zentai99
tags:
- M/f
- F/m
- F+/m
- zentai
- spandex
- group
- sex
- oral
- anal
- climax
- public
- outdoors
- latex
- mask
- cons
- rom
- X
date: 2025-04-19 00:00:00
---

#### *Prologue*

One of Carly’s and my secrets as a couple was our love of zentai. Unbeknownst to anyone in our day-to-day lives, we had an Instagram account where we secretly posted photos of us in zentai going about our otherwise quotidian lives. Our audience was a mix of those who were more kink-minded, as well as those who were more interested in art and fashion.

It originally started as a small project between the two of us just to share our experiments in sewing our own zentai. Over time, we got better at sewing and photography, and our account grew. All of our zentai were designed and made by us and for us. Every suit was bespoke to our specifications. Eventually we opened a small online shop, where we offered custom zentai commissions.

We were both excited for our honeymoon in Europe, where we planned to wear zentai every day of our trip.

#### *Chapter 1: Rome*

After checking in at our hotel and making our way to our room, we showered and then put on our zentai. We decided on our polka dot zentai, mine was black and hers red, and both were covered with white dots.

We left the french balcony open, giving us a stunning view of the city and letting in a warm breeze. Even though we were both exhausted, we couldn‘t wait to get suited up. We hadn‘t gotten any time at all in the past week to suit up, since we‘d been so busy preparing for our departure. But now we were here and finally had time. As horny as we were, we were even more tired. She practically collapsed on me once I had zipped up her hood. I loved how she was fully encased, how she looked. She nuzzled her face into my neck, and we quickly dozed off to sleep together.

I awoke to her kissing me. Kissing in zentai was always tricky because of the masks, but I didn‘t mind. In a weird way, it made me feel closer to her. I quickly got rock hard. She unzipped her crotch zipper, and I mine. She slowly lowered herself onto me. She was warm and wet. She began slowly moving up and down on my cock. My hands caressed her spandex coated breasts. She looked so hot covered in spandex; there was something so alluring seeing the woman I loved covered head to toe.

Small gasps quickly turned into moans. I sat up as I rolled her onto her back and started thrusting harder. She began shaking and gasping little high pitched moans. She was close. Her head rolled back and I could tell she was climaxing.

We went over to the balcony, where I began fucking her from the back so we could both look out over the city. The atmosphere was deep blue, and orange light peeked out from under the horizon. I could feel myself getting close. She looked back at me as my breath deepened; I was trying not to come- and she could tell, too. “Come inside me!” I couldn‘t hold any longer, and let go into a shattering orgasm. My knees went weak and I fondled her tits from behind as I came deep inside her. We passed out in each other‘s arms as dusk fell into night.

We awoke to the crisp early morning light. We made love in the shower, then got dressed. We chose our shiny, dark green zentai, and over the top we put on some normal street clothes. We liked to wear our zentai in public when we traveled since there was little risk of being recognized. Zentai was something we liked to keep to ourselves. No one in our daily lives knew about it except for a few close friends.

The city had yet to wake up. We wandered through Roman side-passages and back alleys, enjoying the solitude of the city while it was still asleep. We came across a small, walled garden down a secluded alley. There were a couple stone planters with some flowers in them, and a small fountain in the corner trickling water. It was incredibly serene.

I couldn‘t resist the urge to kiss her, deep and long. “I love you so much.”

“I love you too.”

I pulled her onto my lap as I let my hands begin to drift across her body. We began to make out, and I began to gently massage her clit and nipples through her spandex. She lay her body on top of me, and before long we were writhing in quiet pleasure. After some time the sounds of the city became more vibrant, and we decided to leave before someone found us.

We wandered through the city every day like that. Before we realized it our placid, sun-drenched week in Rome was over, and it was time to head to Paris.

#### *Chapter 2: Paris*

Our hotel in Paris was an amazing luxury hotel only a few blocks from the Eiffel Tower, tucked away into a little narrow side street that made it feel cozy and secluded.

We wandered down to the Eiffel Tower. It was cool, but not cold; a light jacket was enough to stay warm. We sat on a bench and held hands. She rested her head on my shoulder as we watched the Eiffel Tower flash. An older couple flirted nearby, just out of earshot.

“Hey!” one of them exclaimed in a hushed shout. At first we tried to ignore them, but they started getting closer. “Hey! We like your zentai!” We were both surprised to hear this. We looked more closely at the couple, and realized they were also wearing zentai. They, however, were not wearing any clothes on top of them. It was very sexy.

“Woah, hot zentai,” I said. They were both wearing a smooth, shiny black zentai that perfectly fit each of them.

“It‘s not everyday we get to meet two other zentai enthusiasts,” said the man.

“...no, it‘s not.” I couldn‘t stop looking at his massive cock clearly outlined by his suit.

“I‘m Julia, this is my husband Henry.” She had a British accent. Julia was curvy and voluptuous, and Henry was built like a lumberjack. He seemed to have a beard under his zentai too, which turned me on even more.

“Nice to meet you,” Henry reached out and shook our hands. “I‘m Henry.”

“I‘m John, this is my wife Carly.”

“It‘s very nice to meet you,” added Carly.

“Would you two care to join us? We were just going to wander around the city for a bit.” asked Julia.

Carly answered for us both, “We‘d love to!”

We started walking and passed under a streetlamp. It became easier to see that what I initially assumed to be black was actually a deep, dark blue. “Where‘d you get your zentai? They look gorgeous.”

“Thank you! we ordered them from a company in Germany, have you heard of Fets-Fash?”

“Yes, we‘ve ordered from them in the past, they‘re very nice.”

“Is that where you ordered these?” Asked Julia.

“Oh, actually we made these.” We told them about our side-business of making custom zentai.

Julia responded excitedly “Oh wow, they look stunning, you two are amazing seamstresses, darling we have to get some made by them.”

“We‘ll have to,” agreed Henry.

“Oh, you must join us for dinner tomorrow!”

“Of course! Do you know any good restaurants around here?” asked Carly.

“Why don‘t you meet us at our hotel?”

“Sure! What kind of food do they have?”

“None!” replied Henry. It became clear that by ‘dinner‘ they meant something a little sexier. How could we pass them up?

The next night we arrived at their hotel wearing our vibrant red zentai, made specifically for occasions like this. When Julia answered the door, she was wearing a silky black zentai, with her crotch zip fully open and she was wearing a strap on. Henry was on the bed in a matching black zentai. They both looked stunning.

“Come on in you two!” She chirped happily, “Now, do either of you prefer to top or bottom? Or both?”

“I‘m more verse, he‘s a bottom,” Carly said.

“Perfect!” she said as she fitted a ball gag to each of us. And so it was decided.

Henry positioned himself behind me, and Julia positioned herself behind Carly similarly. Carly and I made contact as we both began to get fucked by the older couple.

Henry slowly slid inside me, filling me completely, and causing me to stretch a little too. It was almost uncomfortable. Almost.

“Mmm,” I moaned pleasurably into my gag.

He began to slowly thrust back-and-forth, quickly finding my g-spot. I quickly realized I could do nothing but moan into my gag, as he‘d pinned my arms behind my back with a firm grip, so I couldn‘t do anything but take his massive cock. Not that I was going to stop him or anything.

He pulled me up so he could whisper in my ear, “Do you like how my cock feels in that cute little ass of yours?”

“Mm-hmm!” I eagerly moaned into my gag.

“Henry!” interrupted Julia. “Don‘t make him cum too quickly! I want a turn as well!”

“Eheh, sorry dear.”

“Actually, why don‘t you tie up Carly here? Show them some of your shibari. Would you like that?” She addressed Carly, who nodded an eager yes in response.

“Yes ma‘am,” replied Henry dutifully. He gently pulled out of me and began tying Julia up.

“Don‘t worry, he‘s a proper gentleman. And he knows I‘m the only woman he‘s allowed inside. But you‘ll get your happy ending with him later, if that‘s what you want?” I also nodded an eager yes in response. “Correct answer, now‘s my turn though, alright?” She slowly pushed her silicone strap-on into me.

After who knows how long of being happily fucked by her, I realized Carly had been completely immobilized with bright, neon-green rope. She had been positioned such that she had the perfect view of me getting fucked. And she was visibly wet, too. Henry sat in the chair in the corner, just stroking his cock.

“Well, I think I‘m done with you, you‘ve done wonderfully, dear,” she caressed my face as she slowly pulled out of me. Julia stopped Henry as he moved towards me: “And darling, please don‘t make him cum too quickly like you did with the last boy we were with.”

“Of course, darling,” he chuckled.

Henry pushed back inside me and we took up the position we had before, with him whispering in my ear. I let his hands wander all over my body. They slowly made their way to my crotch, where he began slowly jerking me off. I was almost completely immobilized by the pleasure that filled my body. I could barely form thoughts, much less coherent words, as he slowly brought me higher and higher.

When I looked down at Carly I saw she was practically shaking in her bindings as Julia slowly caressed her tits and pussy. Seeing this made me involuntarily moan, “Mm-fggh.”

“Are you close?” asked Henry.

I nodded. “Do you want me to come inside you?”

I nodded again. “Do you want to come at the same time as me?”

“Mm-hmm.” I could feel the tip of his cock pounding into my prostate. Slowly at first, then quickly, I could feel it. The pleasure. Release.

“Oh, Fuck,” I could feel his hot breath on my neck as his warm cum filled my ass. I was glad he zipped me up right after, I wanted to hold his cum inside me. Henry removed my gag and draped me on the bed in a crumpled mess. He began spooning and fondling me from behind as we both watched Julia bring Carly to what was clearly an intense orgasm. She arched her back and shook against her restraints as she whimpered through her gag. Her restraints didn‘t budge, though, it was as if she was a living sculpture. Once she was done, Julia untied Carly and she crawled over to me on the bed.

“Did you enjoy that?” I asked as she kissed me.

“Yes,” she nodded. We were all pretty tired by this point. Julia flipped off the lights and got on the opposite side of the bed, sandwiching Carly and I between the two of them. We all began lazily fondling and groping each other as sleep drifted over us.

We all awoke late in the morning. Carly and I agreed to meet them for a late breakfast at a cafe down the street, after changing and showering back at our hotel.

We changed into our polka-dot zentai and met them in a private back room of the cafe where we could talk more freely. They told us more about their lives and we learned they also lived in New York, and we made plans to spend more time together once we got back.

We spent the rest of the week exploring Paris with our new zentai friends, occasionally fucking when we felt like. We even switched a few times, with Carly fucking Julia and I Henry. Sometimes I‘d fuck and make out with Henry while Julia and Carly just watched. Sometimes we all just fucked each other.

The week flew by and before we knew it, it was time for us to head to Berlin. Julia and Henry met us at the train station. We both had on our dark green zentai. They were now wearing a vibrant blue zentai each, and they both looked gorgeous as usual. We all hugged goodbye, and Henry surprised me by pulling me in for a warm kiss.

“Henry!” teased Julia in mock indignation. I grabbed Carly‘s hand and we boarded the train. We waved bye to our new friends as the train departed the station.

#### *Chapter 3: Berlin*

We were staying in a gorgeous historic hotel in east Berlin. Our room wasn‘t small, per se, but it was cozy. We dropped off our bags, and headed out to explore the area for a bit.

Berlin was fun because people never questioned us about our zentai. They just assumed we were experimenting with fashion like many of the city‘s creative younger crowd. Wearing a zentai in New York, you‘d rarely be the weirdest thing anyone saw that day; but here, we were just normal freaks like everyone else.

We wandered down to the Alexanderplatz, marveling at the architecture. There was something so beautifully old-world about the stark soviet architecture.

We relaxed and did the typical touristy things in the city for a couple days. Later in the week we had some friends who were throwing a zentai party.

We decided to wear our leopard print zentai, with more formal attire over top to complete the look. The party was being held at their apartment on the outskirts of the city. Outside the night was crisp, but not cold. We knocked on the door and our good friend, and host, Michael, answered the door.

“The newlyweds! Come in darling, come in!” He motioned us inside as he gave each of us a friendly peck on the cheek. Michael was wearing a daisy print zentai, with a light blue tartan dress over it, a little like the one Dorothy wore in The Wizard of Oz. He brought us over to Ted, his partner, who was wearing a matching outfit. They both made a very cute couple.

Michael and Ted were also zentai enthusiasts like us, and regularly wore zentai in their daily lives. The queer nature of the city, and them being very gay, meant they could get away with it more easily.

Michael was technically my ex, but it had been many years since we dated, and we had remained good friends since then. He and his partner, Ted, were both dear friends of ours, and longtime supporters of our work. The zentai they were wearing were some of the earliest ones we had made.

The dress code for the party was simple: your zentai couldn‘t be showing any skin, no exceptions. Otherwise you could wear whatever clothes you wanted. Some took this as an opportunity to show off their kink gear, but others just used it to wear fun outfits, and others just liked wearing their zentai.

We caught up with Michael and Ted, who were both excited to hear about our new zentai friends. We told them about our life and they told us about theirs. It was rare to have friends we could share in both our kinky and regular lives.

After mingling for a while and meeting some new people, Michael came over to me and took my hand. “Follow me,” he guided me to the master bedroom at the back of his apartment. There Ted and Carly were scrutinizing a white pearlescent dress.

“What do you think?” they asked.

“It‘s gorgeous,” I said.

“It‘s yours,” said Michael. “It‘s a gift from us.” They produced a matching one for Carly, and we both replaced our clothes with them.

“You look pretty,” said Carly, nuzzling my nose. I kissed her back.

“Spin for us,” said Michael with a motion of his finger. I did a little spin letting the dress fan out.

“Oh, he looks gorgeous,” exclaimed Ted, “I told you he‘d look beautiful in it.”

“Ohh, I love you guys so much,” I said as I gave each of them a peck on the cheek. They knew me so well.

The rest of the night we mingled and talked, Michael and Ted introduced us to a number of their friends. Everyone was eager to hear about our bespoke zentai, and a number of people said they were going to plan on ordering from us in the future.

The rest of the week floated by as we lazily explored the city, sometimes joined by Michael and Ted, other times just on our own.

The week passed and once again it was time to depart on the next leg of our journey. At the train station we hugged both of them and said our goodbyes.

#### *Chapter 4: Oslo/Norwegian forest*

After two trains and a four hour drive, we finally arrived at our cabin. It was chilly inside so we changed into our velvet zentai, then passed out in each other's arms on the bed.

We woke up late, and made breakfast even later. The rest of the day we just lounged around and relaxed in our zentai. This week, we decided to spend time in a secluded log cabin in the forests of Norway.

As much we loved wearing our zentai, this was the part of our honeymoon we were both most excited for. As a marriage gift to ourselves, we got custom, matching, total-enclosure rubber suits. They were made of black and yellow rubber vaguely stylized as hazmat suits, with a rubber nuclear waste patch on each right shoulder. They had attached boots, gloves, and an S10 gas mask attached to the hood. They both had a long, thick zipper running from the crown of our head to the small of our backs, and another separate one for our crotch. Once inside we‘d be totally sealed in rubber from head to toe.

We took off our zentai and dipped our feet into each of the attached boots. But before we put our gas masks on I gave Carly a long, deep kiss. My hands made their way to her crotch and I began slowly massaging her clit. She began to gasp and moan, then stopped me.

“Not yet,” she grinned as she pulled my gas mask up and zipped me in, then I did the same for her. I pulled her body close to mine and we felt each other up through the rubber, giving each other Eskimo kisses through our gas masks. I started massaging her clit again, and soon she was squirming in pleasure.

After she was satisfied, we cuddled for a bit, listening to the pops and whistles of each other's gas masks. It was moments like these that made me feel most connected to her.

“Are you ready?” I asked.

“Mm-hmm,” she nodded.

We got up and headed outside to explore, hand-in-gloved-hand. The area of the forest we were in was pretty remote, no one else would be around.

Tall, thin, evenly spaced trees surrounded by a loose soil filled with rocks covered in moss and enshrined by fungal bodies. It felt a little like we were exploring an alien landscape, or some mutated piece of nature. We climbed around boulders as a low mist swirled around the tips of the trees. There was something romantic about the quiet serenity of it all.

We came across a small, thin waterfall that could‘ve only been about 30-40 feet tall. but once we hiked to the top we were granted a sweeping view of the valley. We found a spot where we could sit and enjoy the view, but before we knew it, she had unzipped us both and had started to ride me.

She made a modulated gasp as I entered her. I gazed out across the vast forest, but she was still the most beautiful thing I could lay my eyes on. She moved up and down, breathing harder through the gas mask. Her breath gave me life.

After I came inside her, we cuddled on the soft forest floor overlooking the valley, enjoying the view and the feeling of being encased in rubber at the same time.

That was how we spent the last week of our honeymoon: making love in the remote forests of Norway, sealed in rubber.

I didn‘t know I could love someone this much.

#### *Epilogue: New York*

Zentai night had become a regular activity for the four of us since getting back. A couple times a month we‘d go over to their place, a beautiful Brooklyn brownstone, and spend the evening with them in zentai.

Tonight, they had insisted we bring over our total enclosure rubber suits, as they had gotten a couple of their own and wanted to play in them together.

We sat in the middle of their living room as we all pulled our rubber on over our zentai. Julia and Henry‘s were of similar construction to ours, but were made from all black rubber instead.

Once we were all dressed, Henry and I began petting and caressing each other's bodies. I could hear his breathing getting heavier as he became more aroused. I unzipped his cock and started stroking it, feeling it grow in my hands.

Henry tenderly slipped inside me, and then Carly did the same. I let out an involuntary groan, I had never been double penetrated like this before. They both slid in and out, doubling the pleasure radiating from my prostate. I looked up to see Julia fucking herself with a dildo as she watched the whole scene play out. “If you cum before I do, deary, I will punish you.”

“Yes ma‘am,” I replied dutifully. After a while Carly got tired and mounted me while Henry continued to fuck me. Julia got up and made her way behind Henry, where she started fucking him too.

“-ugh fuck,” exclaimed Carly as she came and collapsed on me. I was still inside her though, and I was close to coming too. Henry started pounding me harder.

“I want you to come inside him,” commanded Julia from behind.

“Yes ma‘am,” he said as he let go. We both came together in a screaming orgasm, I inside Carly and Henry inside me.

We all collapsed in a puddle of rubber and spandex on the floor. Each of us began fondling and groping Julia. Henry fondled her tits and supported her as Carly inserted her strap on. I gently massaged her clit. Not before long she was also a quivering mess on the floor.

We lost track of who was who, and spent the rest of the night feeling and groping each other on the floor as horny giggles and laughs emerged from our gas masks.

I don‘t think my life could get any better.
