---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/evil_eva7.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Evil Eva
authors:
- Ivy
tags:
- F+/f
- fpov
- bond
- naked
- rope
- collar
- gag
- hood
- clamps
- punish
- susp
- cane
- slave
- reluct
- XX
date: 2024-08-07 00:00:00
---

### Part 7

Alice and I had put Eva into slave storage a couple of hours ago after she’d tidied away the breakfast dishes. She was naked, lying on a mattress in the spare room with her hands bound behind her back and ankles tied together. She was kept in place by a short rope tying her collar to a pipe next to the wall.

“Good morning slave,” said Jeannie as we entered the room.

“Good morning mistresses,” Eva replied, and deferentially lowered her eyes. I had to admit to myself that she looked very attractive lying there bound and naked.

“Time for some punishment, slave,” Jeannie announced.

Eva looked up, a flicker of fear crossing her beautiful face.

“Have I displeased you mistress…” she started to say, stopping as Jeannie held up her hand. Jeannie bent over her and grabbed her by the hair.

“I didn’t give you permission to talk,” she snapped. “And you are our slave. We can do exactly what we like to you and certainly do not need a reason.” Jeannie let go of her hair and stepped back. “You are to be punished severely and afterwards you will be put back in storage in a much more stressful position than you are currently enjoying.”

Jeannie swept out of the room, and I followed her.

“So now what, Jeannie?” I asked, trying to hide the nervous tremor in my voice.

“You’re going to punish her, Emma. I’m not going to do anything apart from watch and enjoy the spectacle. This is your show. And no apologizing to her afterwards this time – yes, I heard you.”

“But…”

“No buts, Emma. If you want to work with me, you need to be able to dominate occasionally. Come on, you can do it. I’m going to go in the kitchen and make a coffee and I’ll leave you here to plan what you’re going to do to her.” She grinned at me and left the room.

I sat on the sofa and tried to overcome my nerves. I recalled the look of fear in Eva’s eyes a few minutes earlier. She has lovely big brown eyes and I couldn’t bear the thought of the looks she would give me and the tears rolling out of them. I had to get over that somehow. A plan started to form in my mind. A few minutes later I went off to find Jeannie.

“Ok, I’m ready,” I told her in what I hoped was a firm voice. “Just need to get Alice’s box of tricks. See you in there.”

“Can’t wait,” said Jeannie with a big smile and that unsettling glint in her eye.

Eva was, of course, exactly where we’d left her. She glanced up at us and looked scared. I bent over and untied the rope connecting her collar to the pipe. This time it was me who grabbed her by the hair.

“Sit up, slave!” I commanded, wrenching her hair. She squealed and struggled into a sitting position. I grabbed a large ball gag from the box, crammed the ball into her mouth and pulled the strap tight. I knew from bitter experience that the straps would be cutting into the sides of her mouth and already causing her pain. I then selected the discipline hood and, with difficulty, pulled it over her head. A couple of minutes later, I had it tightly strapped in place. Now I couldn’t see her face or hear her speak, I felt more relaxed. And for some reason I felt myself getting angry as I started to recall all the horrible things she had done to me.

I attached the slave chains to her ankles which would allow her to walk slowly and untied the ropes. Then, with what I felt was a sadistic smile, I quickly snapped our toughest nipple clamps onto each of her breasts and tugged the connecting chain hard. I was rewarded by a series of muffled yells and squeals.

“Up, slave!” I shouted as I pulled on the chain. Eva struggled to her feet, and I let her get her balance for a moment. I glanced at Jeannie who nodded approvingly.

With one hand pulling the nipple clamp chain and the other holding the ring on the top of her hood, I guided her through the house and out into the garden towards the hook on the wall that I hated so much. After a bit of adjustment of the chain and a few gasps from Eva, I had her up on tiptoes held in place by the chain stretched over the hook. I stood back and gazed at her as she teetered on her toes just as I had done a few weeks ago. When Alice had put me in that awful predicament, it had been a cold wet day. Today was warm and pleasant. I felt I had to redress the balance. Looking round, I saw the hose and looked at Jeannie.

“I have an idea,” I told her.

“I think I can see where this is going,” she replied, chuckling.

I picked up the hose, turned it on full power and proceeded to drench Eva. She gasped as the cold water hit her and then screamed through the gag as she pulled back involuntarily and tortured her nipples. After a couple of minutes, Eva was soaked and shivering. I turned off the hose and moved close to the dripping woman.

“I haven’t finished with you yet, slave; not even close. But I like you in this painful position so I’m going to leave you here for a while. What is to come will be worse, much worse!”

I turned to Jeannie. “I need a coffee too.”

Jeannie and I sat on the garden bench sipping our drinks and watching Eva struggling on her tiptoes. After about twenty minutes, I decided it was time for the next phase of her punishment. I noticed she had stopped shivering and was almost dry, so the first thing I did was drench her again, causing her to squeal and shudder. I picked up a bamboo cane and approached her.

“Remember how you tortured Alice and me with the bamboo cane at the start of all this?” I asked her. “Well, I now have one in my hand, perhaps the same cane you used. As I recall, you hit me three times and you hit Alice twenty-five times. So, I think I owe you at least twenty-eight strokes. In fact, let’s round it up to thirty, five lots of six!”

With that, I hit her hard across her backside six times rapidly and paused. Eva screamed, generating quite a lot of noise despite the gag and the hood. Red lines criss-crossed her buttocks and the pain in her nipples must have been intense. I carried on feeling no empathy towards her, strangely for me: another six, another pause, and so on. I reached the last six with Eva now screaming almost continually. By now her buttocks were bright red all over with multiple fiery red lines. I could see she was struggling desperately to maintain her balance and not hurt her nipples any more than was necessary.

“Just six more, slave,” I told her and rapidly fired off the final strokes. She wobbled so violently right at the end that I dropped the cane and caught her before she fell. I quickly took off the clamps causing her to scream yet again and gently lowered her to the ground, laying her on her side in the fetal position. Jeannie ran over and between us we quickly removed the hood and the gag. Eva was motionless; I guessed that the pain had finally been too much, and she had passed out. All of a sudden, I felt terrible and was very worried that I had caused her some awful damage. I looked at Jeannie who just grinned at me.

“You did great,” she exclaimed and hugged me.

“But what about Eva?”

“Don’t worry, it’s just a pain faint. She’ll come round in a minute.”

Jeannie was right. A few seconds later she stirred and, as she regained consciousness and the pain hit her, started crying volubly. I was leaning over her and had a close-up of those beautiful eyes full of tears. Jeannie pulled me away and we sat on the bench again as she sobbed on the grass.

“Now is not the time to feel full of remorse,” Jeannie said to me sharply. “So, no apologizing. She deserved every painful moment of that and, remember, we promised to tie her into a stressful position after her punishment was over.”

“I can’t do that to her after this,” I pleaded, near to tears myself. Jeannie looked at me.

“Ok Emma, I guess you’ve done enough. I’ll finish it from here when she’s recovered a bit.”

I was greatly relieved but worried what Jeannie would now decide to do to her. I sat on the bench while Jeannie disappeared into the house to return a couple of minutes later with a handful of rope. She approached Eva who was still lying on the grass sobbing gently.

“Up, slave,” Jeannie ordered, and helped Eva to her feet. She then guided her across the grass and forced her down onto her stomach next to the metal pole the washing line is attached to. Eva gasped as her sore nipples touched the ground.

“Please Mistress…” Eva started to say, earning her a slap across her backside which made her scream.

“Not a word, slave unless you want a few more strokes of the cane.”

Eva remained silent and dropped her head forward. Jeannie proceeded to wrap rope around her wrists and ankle chains and pull her into a tight hogtie. She then rolled her on to her side and tied her off tightly to the pole. Finally, she picked up the ball gag we had removed a few minutes earlier, crammed it into her mouth and buckled it tightly. Jeannie stood up and inspected the helpless bound woman while I looked on.

“The lawn looks a bit dry, Em,” Jeannie said with a grin.

“I suppose,” I replied, not quite knowing where this was going.

Jeannie picked up the sprinkler we’d left out from watering the plants the previous evening. She attached the hose and placed it in the middle of the lawn. She turned the water on and joined me back on the bench. We watched as the sprinkler worked its way round and heard Eva gasp through the gag as the water hit her. By the time it had passed, she was thoroughly drenched again, and I could see her shivering.

“Half an hour or so and the lawn should be fine,” Jeannie commented, grinning again.

“But you can’t leave her like that, Jeannie, she’ll catch pneumonia or something.” I started to get up to go and turn the water off but stopped as Jeannie grabbed my arm.

“You’ve gone back into sub mode, Emma,” said Jeannie caressing my breasts with her free hand. “Put your arms behind your back, darling.” She took my head in both hands and kissed me deeply and passionately, then picked up the rope. I gazed at her beautiful face, the intensity of her eyes and her lustful expression and a shiver of anticipation ran through me. Submissively, I turned away from here and crossed my wrists behind my back. A couple of minutes later, I was helpless with my wrists and ankles securely bound. Without a word, Jeannie picked me up, threw me over her shoulder and took me inside. Only the birds tweeting, and the gasps from Eva as regular soakings continued, punctuated the silence.

Some time later, Jeannie and I were lying together on my bed in a happy state of exhaustion. My hands were still bound behind my back, my legs spread and tied to each bedpost.

“I suppose we should get Eva,” said Jeannie in a matter-of-fact voice.

“My God, how long has it been?” I wondered out loud. In the excitement of our lovemaking, I had forgotten all about her.

“Just over an hour,” said Jeannie consulting her phone. She proceeded to untie me and, slipping on robes and picking up towels, we both hurried outside. Eva was shuddering violently, her lips were blue with cold and she seemed hardly conscious. I rushed over and turned off the sprinkler. Jeannie untied her, just leaving her hands bound, and removed the gag. She parted her wet hair which was covering half her face and we wrapped her in the towels. As we both stared at her, she opened her eyes and gave us both a look of such hatred that I recoiled in fear. Jeannie was made of sterner stuff.

“Not a word slave,” she instructed, “and how dare you look at me like that! Your ordeal is over for now and we’ll let you recover. But remember, you’re still our slave and as long as you remain so, this can happen again at any time. Nod to show that you understand.”

It took a few seconds but, eventually, Eva nodded and bowed her head. Between us we helped her into the house. Even after we’d dried her, she was still shivering uncontrollably. We untied her, re-tied her hands in front of her and told her to take a hot shower and that we’d be back in a few minutes. I watched her stagger into the shower and left her to it.

When I came back ten minutes later, I was shocked to find her slumped in the base of the shower. I called Jeannie and between us we picked her up, dried her off and took her to her bed. She seemed totally exhausted; she murmured a couple of words and fell to sleep almost instantly, her hands still tied. I checked on her regularly over the next couple of hours and voiced my worries to Jeannie who didn’t seem concerned. The sound of Alice’s car scrunching on the gravel outside woke her up and I saw her slowly and carefully get out of bed and go to the bathroom. Her backside was covered in bright red marks and deep grey bruises. It looked so painful, and I was suddenly deeply ashamed of what I’d done to her. Even Alice looked shocked when she saw it, although her only comment when I explained everything was that Eva deserved it and we had been too lenient. Jeannie agreed wholeheartedly but it didn’t alleviate my feelings. I just prayed I didn’t have to do anything like that again – ever!

Eva’s last couple of weeks of slavery passed without incident. We finally freed her on a Saturday morning and Alice dropped her in town with the understanding that she would resume her position of finance director in Alice’s company a week later. The due date came and went and Eva did not appear. We tried to contact her without success; she simply vanished. As time moved on, we forgot about her. Alice hired a new finance director and life returned to normal – with me frequently in the position of slave, not that I was complaining. And, having passed Jeannie’s test, I started working with Jeannie in her dominatrix business although I secretly hoped I would never have to dominate anyone.

#### **EIGHTEEN MONTHS LATER**

“Something concerns me about this,” I said to Jeannie as I stood naked while she proceeded to tie my arms behind my back. “I mean, have we really done our due diligence on this couple? And why are they putting so much emphasis on us not seeing their faces?”

“Oh Emma, you’re always worrying about something,” said Jeannie as she pulled the knots tight. “I did all the online checks; admittedly I couldn’t find very much but we have our security cameras, our panic button and Alice is copied in on the schedule and will expect a text when they arrive and when they leave. It will be fine.” She picked up more rope and started to tie my elbows.

“I suppose so,” I said, wincing as Jeannie cinched the ropes and pulled my elbows close together. “I just feel uneasy for some reason.”

“Well, Julie and Anna are due in fifteen minutes, so just relax darling. Maybe this will help.” Jeannie wrapped both arms around me, kissed me deeply and held me for a minute or two. “Now be quiet, darling,” she said as she stuffed a large ball-gag into my mouth and buckled it tightly. “Follow me.”

Submissively I followed her to a corner of the room where she made me lie on a mat on the floor. Three minutes later I was in a tight hogtie and totally helpless yet again.

“There, didn’t take long to get you ready,” Jeannie commented, standing over me. I gazed at her in her leather dominatrix outfit with her red hair pulled back into a tight ponytail and thought how lovely she looked. “I need a few minutes to prepare. We’ll cordon you off for now.”

With that, she clicked across the floor in her high heels and drew a heavy curtain in front of me, shielding me from the rest of the area. I lay there and tried to relax, without much success.

A few minutes later, there was a timid knock on the door, and I heard Jeannie let the visitors into the main dungeon area. Shortly after that, the curtain was drawn aside and two masked women looked at me from across the room. One was blonde and stocky, the other taller and slim with short dark hair. The blonde one held a small tote bag.

“My slave is already prepared,” said Jeannie in a commanding voice, pointing to me. “Now you will also become my slaves. I want you both naked, on your knees in the centre of the room, hands behind your back and heads bowed when I return. You have three minutes. If I’m even slightly dissatisfied with either of you when I return, I will whip you both!” She stalked out of the room without a backward glance.

I looked at Julie and Anna and was surprised to see that neither of them was rushing to take their clothes off. Instead, they both reached into the bag and each took something out. The blonde one positioned herself close to the door where Jeannie had exited. The dark one came over to me and clamped her hand over my ball gagged mouth.

“Not a sound, Emma my love,” said a familiar voice and I nearly passed out as she waved what looked like some garden clippers in front of my face. “I really don’t want to snip off any of your beautiful toes, but I will if you make any noise at all. Nod if you understand.”

I nodded vigorously, trying to control my rising state of panic.

“Good girl,” said Eva, fondling one of my breasts. “Now the fun starts!”
