---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Cassandra’s Camping Trip
authors:
- Steff
tags:
- F/f
- MM/f
- latex
- catsuits
- bond
- gag
- glue
- nipple
- outdoors
- caught
- tease
- oral
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2005-10-28 00:00:00
---

Cassandra had just turned 21 and her girlfriend Kathy gave her a big
birthday party to celebrate. Since Cassandra was 21 there was a lot of
liquor there. After a few hours some of the partygoers decided to play
poker. Kathy talked Cassandra into playing. The game went on for an hour
before Cassandra lost all her money and tried to quit.

Kathy said, “Let me spot you some money so you can continue to play.”

“I can’t,” Cassandra replied. “If I loose I won’t be able to play you
back.”

Kathy laughed, “After all we’ve done for each other and with the size
of allowance Daddy give me, I think I can figure out a way for you to pay
me back.”

Cassandra thought about it. Kathy’s parents were rich, she did get a
bigger weekly allowance then Cassandra got paid in a year, and they’ve
know each other since they were four year old. Finally she said, “Sure
give me some money.”

The games went on for another hour and a half before Cassandra again
lost all the money. Since she was one of the last ones playing the game
ended and so did the party. Kathy made sure that the two of them still
had plans to go camping next week. Cassandra had already made arrangements
to take the next week off so they decided to leave Friday after Cassandra
got off work.

The next day Kathy showed up at Cassandra’s apartment with her personal
seamstress. “We’re here to take your measurements for one of your birthday
presents,” Kathy said as she handed Cassandra a picture. It was a picture
a leather cat suit that would cover her whole body from her hand to her
feet.

“Wow. You’re going to get that for me?” Cassandra asked.

“Yes I am, so lets get started,” Kathy said.

Cassandra removed her clothes like she was told and the seamstress went
to work. The seamstress was really fast and thorough. She even pulled Cassandra’s
arms all the way behind her back so she could measure Cassandra’s cup size
that way. She said it was needed for the suit. After about 30 minutes the
seamstress left and Kathy spent the rest of the evening hanging around
and watching movie before she left.

Cassandra’s week went by quickly and she finally got home Friday and
got ready for the trip. Kathy showed up at 6 and then they left. They went
to the airport and flew on Kathy’s parent’s private jet. After about 2
hours the jet landed and a limo was waiting for them. A short drive later
the limo pulled up to a cabin in the woods.

They got out and Kathy said, “Lets look around. The driver will bring
everything we need inside.”

They walked around the cabin and saw that it looked directly onto a
crystal clear lake. The cabin had a sidewalk that lead to a boat dock with
a small boat tied to it. Walking the rest of the way around they found
a pavilion that covered a hot tub on the side. Also there was a well-maintained
path the lead off into the woods. The cabin itself was two storeys high.
It had a covered screened patio on the back. The woods around the cabin
were so thick they couldn’t see the driveway beyond where it curved.

The inside of the cabin was nice and cool. The main living room had
a long soft sofa, two recliners and an easy glider rocking chair. The kitchen
looked like something a gourmet chief would use. The upstairs had two bedrooms.
Each one had a king sized four posted bed. One of the beds was a waterbed.

Cassandra asked, “What’s in the basement? The door was locked.”

“I’m sure we’ll find out later, once we’ve found the keys.” Kathy said.
“Let’s go downstairs and eat. I’m hungry.”

After a quick meal Cassandra looked around and asked, “Where is my stuff.
I haven’t seen it anywhere?”

Laughing Kathy said, “It’s not here. The Limo driver didn’t unload your
suitcase. You won’t need anything in it this week. I’ve taken care of
anything.”

“Why ain’t I getting a good feeling about this?” Cassandra asked.

“Because you’re a smart girl that’s why,” she replied. “You remember
your birthday party when you lost the money I lent you. I said that I would
figure out a way for you to pay me back. Well this week is going to make
us even.”

“What did you have in mind?” Cassandra asked.

“I figured based on the things you’ve told me over the last couple of years
I would make this a week you’d remember for a long time,” Kathy replied.

Cassandra was trying to think what she told Kathy but realized that
she’d told Kathy everything there was to know about her. Now she was really
worried. “What did you have in mind?”

Kathy took Cassandra’s hand and gently pulled her upstairs into the
bedroom with the waterbed. She sat Cassandra down on the bench at the end
of the bed and
whispered into Cassandra’s, “Trust me. You’ll enjoy this. Now take
off your clothes.”

Cassandra decides to play along and she removed her clothes as Kathy
went into the walk-in closet. Kathy came out with a pile of shiny clothes
over her arm. Kathy went into the bathroom and Cassandra followed.

Cassandra was give a bottle that contained a gel of some kind and Kathy
said, “I’ve got a latex catsuit for you to wear so lube your body up.
The gel will help in getting the suit on.” Cassandra opened the gel and
did as she was told. When she was done Kathy unzipped suit and handed it
to Cassandra.

After a few minutes and with some help from Kathy, Cassandra finally
was in the suit. The suit was dark blue. It covered Cassandra from her
toes to her neck and it had sleeves that went all the way to gloves. The
only parts of the suit that worried Cassandra were the breasts and crotch.
All of them were opened. The suit had holes for each of her breasts. The
area around each hole was reinforced and squeezed each breast at their
base.

“Is this the real reason your seamstress came over last week?” Cassandra
asked.

Kathy just smiled as she picked up a latex bra, “Not just for that.
All week you’re going to wear what I want you to wear. I’ve got all kinds
of plans for us. Most of them involve you, sex and bondage… Now don’t give
me that look! You told me all about how you thought it was fun when Mike
tied you up. You also told me about your cheerleader squad that got yourselves locked in at school.”

“I’m just surprised that you’re into this kinda stuff,” Cassandra replied.

“Pedro, my private limo driver and Drew, one of the house keepers are
great at keeping my little secret. I must admit that you’re going to be
my first bondage victim. However don’t worry Pedro will be back in a couple
of days to make sure I’m doing everything right. Now lets finish your outfit.”

Cassandra was surprised when Kathy put the bra on that it had little
studs inside each cup that would stimulate her nipples. Kathy next gave
her a pair of thigh high latex boots. Cassandra slid her feet into each
boot and rolled them up her leg. The boot squeezed her legs so tight that
she knew they wouldn’t slide down on their own.

Once the boots were up Kathy knelt down and insured the boots were smooth
all the way up. Once she reached the top of the second boot she started
to rub Cassandra’s pussy. “MMM I can tell your enjoying yourself,” she
said as she stood up and kissed Cassandra passionately while she continued
to rub Cassandra’s pussy. After a few minutes of kissing and Cassandra
was close to cumming. Kathy stopped and handed Cassandra a pair of latex
panties. “You’re going to like these.”

When Cassandra opened them up she found a dildo staring up at her. She
took them, rolled them up and stepped into them. She worked them up and
guided the dildo into her wet pussy. Cassandra moaned as it slid inside
her. Once she arranged the dildo she unrolled the panties up over her hips
and to her waist. Kathy came up to her with a jar and brush and covered the
inside of Cassandra’s panties about an inch down. She also put some of
the liquid on Cassandra’s bra straps.

Once she was Kathy was done, she had Cassandra braid her hair into a
ponytail. While Cassandra braided her hair Kathy put some of the liquid
from the jar onto a pair of latex cuffs. When Cassandra was done she was
told to put on the cuffs with the latches towards the inside. Kathy adjusted
the cuffs a little then she dragged Cassandra into the bedroom. Once in the
bedroom Kathy pulled Cassandra’s ponytail through a hole in another piece
of rubber. She pulled the rubber up and over Cassandra’s head. It turned
out to be a latex hood that tightly covered all of Cassandra’s head. There
were openings for eye, mouth and nostrils. Cassandra stood at the foot of
the bed as Kathy polished her catsuit, paying particular attention to
Cassandra’s crotch

Once again Kathy stopped short of letting Cassandra cum. “Put your hands
behind you back,” Kathy ordered.

When Cassandra did Kathy locked the wrist
cuffs together. Cassandra pulled on her cuffs but they held her. Not only
wouldn’t they come loose but also it felt like they were attached to her
skin. Cassandra heard Kathy laughing as she said, “The cuffs, panties and
bra are glued to the suit. The liquid I put on them was a rubber cement.
The gel that you used to lube your skin for the suit was also glue. The
suit is attached to you for 3 hours. After that the glue looses adhesion
and the suit can be removed.”

“What about the cuffs and panties?” Cassandra asked.

“I’ve got a solvent that will unglue them. So for the next three hours
at least you’re going to be wearing your outfit,” Kathy laughed.

Cassandra walked around the room and looked at herself in a mirror.
She was shocked at what she saw. The skintight blue suit was completely
wrinkle free. The bra and panties were the same color so they were hard
to see. Her black boots contrasted nicely with the suits color. It was obvious
that the boots fit tightly because they squeezed her legs at the thighs.

“It could be worse I guess. I could be stuck in a outfit that doesn’t
look so good,” Cassandra said.

“That’s the spirit,” Kathy said as she jumped up from the bed. Kathy
buckled a collar around her neck, “Now let’s go look around. I want to
see were the trail leads… But first I want to do something. Just wait here
I’ll be back”

Kathy went into the other bedroom and closed the door leaving Cassandra
alone. Cassandra tried again to get loose of the cuffs, but like Kathy
said they were glued to her. She was able to look at them and realized that
there were actually locked together by a padlock. Walking around in the
suit and having the dildo constantly moving, just slightly, was really
making her hornier than Kathy had done.

Kathy walked out of the other room after changing clothes and getting
a shoulder bag. She walked up to Cassandra put and kissed her before
she said, “There’s one more thing you need to know about your outfit.”
She reached into her pocket and pulled out a small remote control. She
pressed a button and then set the control on the bed’s nightstand. When
she pressed the button the dildo in Cassandra’s panties and the studs in
her bra began to vibrate.

Cassandra jumped when the vibrations started. “You’ve got to be kidding
me,” she said.

“What ever gave you that idea? I plan on, before this week is over,
making you beg me to allow you to stop cumming. Now lets go exploring.
Don’t worry about your distractions. They’re programmed to alternate intensities
and durations and with the remote up here I won’t be able to turn them
off until we get back,” Kathy said as she attached a leash to Cassandra’s
collar and pulled her out the door.

They walked down the trail that lead out from the front of the house.
The trail lead down to the lake and a nice sandy beach. The beach was about
200 feet long and about halfway through it the trail turned back into the
woods. After about 10 minutes Cassandra had her first orgasm. It was short
but intense. Kathy just laughed and kept walking. The trail lead to the
main road and continued on the other side. Kathy just pulled Cassandra
and crossed the road. Cassandra looked nervously but followed her. Just
as they got across the road Cassandra had another orgasm. This one surprised
her and she screamed in ecstasy.

After Cassandra recovered Kathy said, “You’re loud. I think I need to
do something about that.” She reached into her bag and pulled out a red
ball gag that had straps that matched Cassandra’s suits. Cassandra rolled
her eyes and opened her mouth. “How that’s a good girl,” Kathy said as
she shoved the ball in and buckled it tightly.

Cassandra was shocked when a car drove by since they were standing just
off the road side in plain sight, the car just kept on driving. Kathy pulled
the leash and they were off again. After about an hour longer Cassandra
had another orgasm. This one was a long time coming and so intense that
when she recovered she was laying on the ground. Kathy helped her get up
and sit on a rock. Her gag was removed and she was given something to drink.
They sat there for about 30 minutes relaxing, then Cassandra’s gag was
put back in and they started to head back.

They traveled a little faster
on the way back and made it to the road in about 45 minutes. Kathy sat
Cassandra down on the roadside and gave her some water and just relaxed.
Three cars drove by, one even honked but didn’t stop, before Kathy put
the gag back and lead Cassandra across the road. Just as they crossed the
road a car drove by and stopped. Cassandra blushed and pulled away but
Kathy pulled the leash lead her towards the car. Two cute guys about Cassandra’s
age got out of the car and approached.

“What do we have going on here?” one of the guy asked.

“Just going for a walk,” Kathy replied.

The guys looked at each other and laughed. One of them walked up to Cassandra
and asked, “Are you OK here?” Cassandra nodded and moaned into her gag.

“So where do ya’ll live?”

“I’m a cabin next to the lake. We’re here on vacation,” Kathy replied.

Cassandra screamed into the gag and collapsed as she was rocked by the
most intense orgasm yet. Wave after wave of raw pleasure erupted from deep
within her and all she could do was lay there and take it. After several
minutes she came down and heard Kathy talking to the guys.

“… we’re just playing games,” Kathy was saying.

One of the guys knelt down and helped Cassandra to her feet. “Wow! I can
feel that from here,” he said as his hand move across her lower stomach.
He slid his hand between her legs and began to play around with the vibrator.
Cassandra moaned just stood there enjoying the added attention. “I guess
you like this don’t you?”

Cassandra blushed, moaned and nodded. The guy played with her until
she had another orgasm. This time when she recovered she had collapsed
into the guys arms. She stood up and backed away a step or two and nodded
when the guy ask if she was ok. After a few minutes of talking the guys
got back into the car and drove off.

“I hope we'll see them again. I think they were nice. What do you think?”
Kathy asked as they headed off on the trail. Cassandra had another orgasm
just as they walked inside the cabin. She slowly walked up the stairs and
Kathy turned of the vibrators. She removed the gag and asked, “How was that?”

“When those guy stopped and got out of there car I just about had a heart
attack!” Cassandra said.

Kathy laughed “It sure seemed like you relaxed rather quickly.”

Cassandra just blushed and said, “Right when they pulled up the vibrator
really kicked in. I held it for as long as I could but it hit me like a
train. Why didn’t you stop him when he started to play with me?”

“It looked like you were having a good time, beside it gave Alex and
me a chance to talk,” She replied. She got a key and unlocked the locks
holding Cassandra’s arms behind her back. After letting Cassandra get the
feeling back into her arms Kathy applied the glue solvent and helped Cassandra
out of her out of her latex outfit. They spent the next few hours in the
hot tub and then went to sleep.

\* \* \*

The next morning after breakfast they swam in the lake and just relaxed
in the sun. After lunch Kathy asked in Cassandra was ready for some more
games.

“What’d you have in mind?” Cassandra asked.

“Playing on the beach and then checking out the other trail,” she replied.

“The beach in broad daylight, are you crazy?” Cassandra replied.

“Come on it’s the middle of the week there's no one here but us. Beside
that’s half the fun, the thrill of getting caught. If it will make you
feel any better I won’t wear anything either,” she said.

When Cassandra agreed they went up stairs removed their swimming suits
and headed out to the beach. When they got there the sky was overcast and
looked like it was going to rain. Kathy put leather cuffs, with a long rope
attached on Cassandra wrists, ankles and knees. Kathy laid Cassandra down,
spread her arms, pulled the ropes and tied them to trees. Two long metal
stakes were hammered into the ground and Cassandra’s ankles were tied to
them. At first she wondered why the ankle ropes were so loose, then Kathy
pulled Cassandra’s knees widely apart and tied them to trees. Cassandra
wiggled and pulled only to find out that she wasn’t getting out without
help.

Kathy removed a few bundles of stuff wrapped in a towel and sat down next
to Cassandra. The towel was let down between Cassandra’s legs so she couldn’t
see what was in it. Kathy started by wiping off all the sand between Cassandra’s
legs and then began lubing up Cassandra’s ass. Kathy ignored complaints and gentle
slid an inflatable plug into the waiting hole. Kathy then knelt up and
began to nibble on Cassandra’s nipples. She was rewarded by Cassandra’s
moans. Kathy stopped and quickly attached nipple clips on the waiting nipples.
Cassandra yelped, flinched and jerked but the clips stayed on.

“What are you doing to me?” Cassandra asked.

“Just relax and enjoy the attention,” Kathy replied as she reached
between Cassandra’s legs and began to play with Cassandra’s pussy. Cassandra
was played with for about 30 minutes and not allowed to cum, before it
started to rain. Kathy laughed, move between Cassandra’s legs and began
to suck on her pussy. Kathy quickly sucked and tongued Cassandra to a powerful
orgasm. Kathy then shoved an inflatable plug into Cassandra’s pussy and
inflated both holes. She turned on both vibrators, gave Cassandra a kiss
then ran into the lake.

Cassandra laid there in the rain on the verge of orgasm for 45 minutes
until Kathy finally got done playing in the lake and returned. “Are you
ready to go back to the cabin?” Kathy asked.

“Are you kidding?” Cassandra replied. “You leave me here all tied up
being assaulted by two vibrators and you want me to just go?”

“What’d you have in mind?”

Cassandra looked at Kathy’s smug look and replied, “You know what I
want.”

“I’ll give you what you want but I get to play with you when we get
back to the cabin. Is it what a deal?” Kathy asked.

After a little pause Cassandra said, “Why do I have a feeling I’m making
a deal with the devil but, yes I agree.”

Kathy laughed, knelt down between
Cassandra’s legs and began to nibble on Cassandra’s clit. In addition to
nibbling Kathy also began to fuck her with the inflated vibrator. Cassandra
came quickly and Kathy continued to fuck and eat her until she came a second
time. The second one had Cassandra screaming, jerking and trying to get
loose. Kathy stopped, deflated the vibrators and put them back into the
towel bundle. Cassandra was then released and the two went back to the
cabin.

After they got cleaned up Kathy brought out a bright red latex catsuit.
This time it was made from heavy gauge latex. Kathy gave Cassandra a jar
and said “This stuff is a lube to help you get into the suit. This time
there are no tricks, it’s not some kind of glue. It’s just a lube.”

Kathy helped Cassandra rub the lube all over her body. Kathy paid really
close attention to her breasts and pussy. “Stop that,” Cassandra said.
“You have to wait until I’m tied up… remember you’re the one that said I’d
be tied up when were playing your games.”

“I’m glad to see that you’re really getting into the spirit of this
trip,” Kathy said as she rubbed more lube onto Cassandra.

After a couple
of minutes Kathy was satisfied with Cassandra’s body and handed her the
catsuit. True to her word the lube made it almost easy to get into the
suit. Cassandra first slid her legs into the suit. She had some trouble
getting her foot passed the ankles. After she got her feet into the suit
she had problems with a few more areas (knees, wrists and elbows). Cassandra
examined the suit closely and found out that she liked it. It was made
from heavy guage latex. The suit was so thick that even normal moving was
difficult. The suit covered her entire body from the neck down. Her breasts
were sticking out through holes in the suit. The holes were so tight that
the breasts were squeezed into round orbs. There were tightly reinforced
areas around her ankles, wrist, just above her knees and elbows. These
areas were also fitted with D rings.

“What’s up with the crotch?” Cassandra asked.

“Just spread your leg,” Kathy replied as she kneeled down in front of
Cassandra. Cassandra rolled her eyes and did as she was told. Kathy began
to mess around in the crotch area. Then she slid a dildo up into latex
sheaths that went into Cassandra’s pussy and ass.

“I should have known,” Cassandra said.

Laughing Kathy said, “I’m glad you like.” She then told Cassandra to
follow her into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom Kathy had a bag packed
and another latex catsuit. Kathy stripped and handed the lube to Cassandra
and told her to put it rub it in good. Cassandra enjoyed spreading the
lube all over Kathy’s body. Once Kathy was satisfied she picked up the
suit and worked her way into it. Kathy’s suit was thin shiny black latex,
and covered her from the neck all the way down. Her breasts filled the
cups fully.

After Cassandra zipped the zipper in the back Kathy asked, “Are you
ready? I’ve got something kinda interesting we’re going to try.”

“What’d you have in mind?” Cassandra asked.

“First I lock a couple of things on me and give you the key. Then I
lock your hands into these cool bondage mittens. That way I cannot take
the toys I’m wearing off til I let you out of the mittens. So again I ask
‘are you ready?’”

“MMMM” Cassandra replied, “That sounds kinda fun. What toys are
you going to be locked in?”

Kathy laughed and picked up a blue ball gag
with shiny black straps. True to her word Kathy tightly buckled and locked
the gag into her mouth. Next she unzipped the crotch of her catsuit and
shoved a vibrator into each hole, then re-zipped her suit. Finally Kathy
picked up a chastity belt and fastened it tightly to her waist. Then she
set the crotch strap into place and pulled tightly. Kathy was just about
to lock the belt when Cassandra stopped her.

“Wait,” Cassandra said. “Let me.” Cassandra took the lock and keys from
Kathy then pulled Kathy’s crotch strap really tight. After Cassandra was
happy, she locked the belt. Kathy gave Cassandra an evil look then motioned
her to turn around. Cassandra, who had started to walk away, did as Kathy
wanted. Kathy took each of Cassandra’s hands, put a key into each and pulled
bright red ball mittens over each hand. After locking then into place Kathy
then forced Cassandra’s arms behind her back and attached locks to the D
rings built into her catsuit. First Kathy locked her wrists together. Finally
Cassandra’s elbows were locked together.

Kathy then picked up a red ball gag with red straps that matched Cassandra’s
suit and shoved it into her mouth. After tightly buckling it into place
Kathy attached a black collar to Cassandra’s neck and led her downstairs.
Just before they walked out of the cabin Kathy picked up a remote control
and turned on the vibrator under her chastity belt. Once she was happy
with the settings Kathy set the remote down on a table just inside the
door and pulled Cassandra outside and down the trail they hadn’t explored
the other day.

This trail led away from the lake and deep into the woods. After a few
turns Kathy stopped Cassandra and sat down the bag. Cassandra’s arms were
released and she was backed to a tree. Her arms were then pulled around
the tree and chains were attached to the D rings at her wrists. Next Kathy
grabbed Cassandra’s legs and pulled them apart, back and around the tree.
Again chains were attached keeping them in place. Once Cassandra was nicely
secured Kathy began to play with Cassandra’s exposed breasts. Kathy stopped
suddenly and fell onto Cassandra as her pussy exploded in a surprise orgasm
cause by the vibrator held there. When she recovered Kathy heard voices
heading there way. It sounded like the guys they had met yesterday so she
move the bag in front in Cassandra, waved bye and ran into the woods and
hid so she could watch.

Cassandra began to wiggle and squirm in an attempted to get loose of
her bonds, but the D rings in the suit held her. After a few attempts
Cassandra gave up and tried to remain still and hoped that she wouldn’t
be seen. “What're you thinking?” she thought. “You’re in the middle of the
woods wearing a bright red latex catsuit. Of course they’re going to see
you.” A minute later, just as she thought, the two guys from the car came
around the bend in the trail and stopped dead in there tracks when they
saw her.

“Mark will you look at that?” One of the guys said.

Mark replied as he walked up to Cassandra, “I guess you and your friend
really like this bondage stuff.” Cassandra nodded and moaned through her
gag.

“Where’s your friend… Kathy I think was her name?”

As Mark was talking the other guy knelt down and began to look through
Kathy’s bag. “It looks like we were expected.”

Mark knelt down and gave the bag a quick look, “I think you’re right
Alex.” Mark stood up waved a vibrator in Cassandra’s face. “Was this whole
thing set up for us?” Cassandra shook her head. “Do you want us to improvise
and use this stuff on you?”

Cassandra thought about and nodded “Yes.” Cassandra knew that Kathy
was watching and that she couldn’t remove or stop the vibrator inside her
since the key to the cabin was inside the bag so Cassandra figured to give
her a show.

Alex reached between Cassandra’s legs and stuck a couple of fingers
into her pussy sheath and began to play with her. “Check this out. We don’t
even have to use condoms,” he said.

Mark reached down found the pussy sheath, but he also reached back farther
and slid a finger into her ass sheath. “That’s really interesting. I think
we’re going to have a good time. Don’t you?” Cassandra and Alex both nodded
at the same time. All three of them laughed for a minute until Mark began
to suck on one Cassandra’s breasts. He only sucked for a few minutes then
moved to her other one.

As Mark continued to suck Alex was busy lubing up a vibrator. Once it
was ready he slowly began to slide it into Cassandra’s ass sheath. She
moaned into her gag and wiggled in an attempt to get away from the invader.
“Hey lookout she’s still got some mobility and fire. I think we should
do something about that… don’t you?” Alex asked as he removed the vibrator
and went to the bag and removed some rope. He wrapped several tight coils
around her waist and the tree. Once that was done he tied rope to the D
ring over her knee, pulled her legs wide apart and tied the ropes off to
different trees. “Now lets see what kinda fight you can muster.”

Again Alex slid a vibrator into Cassandra’s ass, but this time she could
barely move, so she just relaxed and let it happen. Once he worked it all
the way up he turned it on and began to fuck her with it. Alex also reached
up and finger fucked her pussy. With Mark still sucking and nibbling on
her breasts and Alex activities between her legs Cassandra came quickly.
She screamed into her gag as wave of ecstasy rolled over her. She was brought
back to reality by a sharp pain in one of her nipples. Looking down she
say that Mark and attacked some kind of clip tightly to her nipple. She
screamed and shook her head as Mark put the second one on her other nipple.
Cassandra shook her breasts as much as she could but the clamps held on.
After a few minutes the pain in her nipples dulled to a throb and she was
able to relax.

“Hey Mark,” Alex said. “I have a great idea. We flip a coin to see who
goes first. However whoever goes last gets to use this.” Alex held up a
vibrating butt plug.

“You’re an evil man, but I like it. Heads I go first tails you do,”
Mark said as he got a quarter out of his pocket. Mark was happy because
he got to go first. He walked up to Cassandra and again asked if it was
OK. She nodded and then he removed his shorts and made sure he was well
lubed.

Cassandra looked down breathed in sharply when she saw how well endowed
Mark was. He wasn’t giant but he was the biggest she’d ever had. She was
glad that he was going first. When Mark was ready he gently slid himself
into Cassandra’s tight pussy.

“MMMMM that feels good. The latex is thin and soft. It feels like an
extra thin condom,” he said and he slowly teased Cassandra. For several
minutes he just slowly moved inside her getting really excited but not
really fucking her.

She began to moan into the gag until he just shoved himself forcefully
all into her. With that he began to fuck her forcefully and quickly. He
fucked her so hard she could feel the ropes around her waist pulling. After
only a couple of minutes Cassandra was rocked by a mind shattering orgasm.
Mark continued to fuck her throughout the whole orgasm and into a second
one. Cassandra was starting to come down when Mark shot his load and Cassandra
then came again. This was the most intense one she had all day. She screamed
into the gag as wave after wave of pure ecstasy rolled over her.

As Cassandra recovered from that last major orgasm, still tied spread
out to the tree, Mark cleaned himself up and Alex was busy getting ready
for his turn. Once Cassandra had rested for a few minutes Alex walk up
to her and asked, “Do you want me to take my turn, or do you want to be
let loose? If you want to continue then nod, if not then shake your head.”
Cassandra thought about it and nodded "yes." “Good,” he said as he kneeled
down and slid a couple of lubed fingers into her ass.

Once Alex had Cassandra’s ass lubed he slid the butt plug into place.
It filled her ass nicely and she didn’t feel too bad with it in. Cassandra
blushed when she realized this, but tied the way she was there wasn’t anything
she could do about it. Next Alex put more lube onto his fingers and began
to play with Cassandra’s pussy. Once she was ready he removed his pants,
put on a condom and shoved his member into her sheathed pussy. Alex wasn’t
as big as Mark but with her ass plugged he felt really good. Once he was
in all the way Alex turned the vibrator in Cassandra’s ass on to full power.

Cassandra was in heaven. She was wearing tight latex catsuit that had
sleeves going into both of her holes. Cassandra was tied to a tree with
her arms wrapped behind the tree and her legs were spread out and also
wrapped around the tree. Her ass was filled with a vibrating butt plug,
and she was getting fucked in her pussy. She’d already been rocked by numerous
orgasms and already she could feel another one building inside her. Alex
pumped her with long quick strokes through two orgasms before he finally
came.

When he was cleaning himself up Mark pulled a couple of vibrators out
of Kath’s bag. He then removed Cassandra’s butt plug, replaced it with
one of the vibrators and slid the second into her pussy. Next he tied a latex
string bikini into place over Cassandra’s crotch holding the vibrators
in place. Since both vibrators were turned on Cassandra knew she’d have
at least one orgasm before Kathy removed them. Mark then walked behind
Cassandra and was doing something with her wrists. When he was done and
Mark was dressed they said bye and started to walk away.

“Cassandra,” Mark said as he was walking away. “The dildos are secured
with some time release glue I found in the bag. I also used the glue to
secure those glove things you have on. I think you should have a good time
before you can get those out.”

As they walked away Kathy had another orgasm. Once she heard Mark she
knew the glue he was talking about would last for about three hours. She
also knew that the vibrators inside poor Cassandra would last that long.
“At least I’ll be able to turn mine off,” she thought. She left her hiding
place and walked up to Cassandra, who was obviously in the middle of an
orgasm, and began to release Cassandra from the tree.

After a few minutes
Cassandra was free of the tree and they both began to walk back to the
cabin. About half way back Cassandra collapsed because of an orgasm. As
Kathy watch her rolling around in ecstasy she to was hit by orgasms caused
by the chastity belt she was wearing. After they both recovered they made
it inside the cabin before an other orgasm. Kathy was able to get to the
remote and turn off her vibrators… but Cassandra was stuck for the
duration.
