---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Kim''s Tail 1: Kim''s Introduction'
authors:
- Rubberwolf
tags:
- Solo-f
- ponygirl
- Machine-f
- entrap
- gag
- mc
- conditioning
- cons-reluct
- X
---

**Chapter 1: Kim's Introduction**

Kim walked into the solicitors’ office with a certain degree of discomfort.  She wore a simple black dress, with matching handbag and shoes, as befitted the occasion.  But even this nod to the conventions normally expected was a lie.

“Hypocrite”, she silently cursed.  “He was a complete bastard and you’re not sorry that he is gone.   The only reason that you are sitting here is for your chance to get your hands on 1.2 billion or at least a share.”

Kim still couldn’t believe that her ex had died.  He was still young and she had not heard anything about it in the papers and when that much money dies, there is always something in the papers.  But the solicitors’ letter was very clear.  Her ex husband had left her something in his will and she had been summoned to this meeting to discover what.

1.2 billion was ample reason to travel two hundred miles on such short notice.  However, she was not a little surprised.  The divorce had been bitter and long. She had gotten some money, but not enough.  She had received a small token of his total wealth.  Nothing more.  She had faced his lawyers over an open courtroom and they had been merciless, poking, prying, accusing, laying her most intimate self-bare for the whole court and waiting media.  Now, here she stood, across a desk from another of his legal terriers.

“Thank you for coming at such short notice Ms Banner.  Allow me to offer my sympathies for you in these difficult times,” the immaculately dressed parasite oozed as he offered her his hand.  “Please take a seat”.

Kim sat and exchanged the usual pleasantries and small talk, having ordered tea, which was delivered promptly by a young secretary in smart black and whites, and the highest pair of heals that she had ever seen.  The young brunet hobbled out of the office in the most provocative fashion, as her ass swayed from side to side in a tight mini.  Although no lesbian, Kim felt compelled to watch this wanton display as, apparently, did the lawyer across the desk from her.

Kim sipped her tea and considered the man opposite her.

“Well, shall we get down to business,” the lawyer enquired?

“Yes certainly,” Kim replied in a friendly manner, as she watch this impotent man mentally undressing her.

She was not, all considered, bad for her age.  At thirty-five she was still in good shape, with a slim figure and pert, 34D breasts which were only achieved by hours slogging away at the gym.  However, the years were beginning to show.  Crows feet were forming around her eyes and she had started to have to dye her hair in order to maintain the illusion that her natural blond locks had not started to fade.  However, all considered, she took the attentions of this stranger as a complement to all of those hours spend pounding the treadmill and attending expensive keep fit classes.

“Mr Star had, it appears, cause to regret the manner in which your relationship ended.  He felt that because of the way you were treated, some measure of atonement was called for.  He has therefore instructed me to leave you this DVD to watch.  If you will excuse me,” the lawyer stated, standing and setting up a DVD recorder and television on the other side of the room.

After ensuring that everything was ready and, having pulled the curtains, he returned to Kim and handed her a remote control.

“Mr Star was quite specific that you be allowed to watch this on your own,” the man said before retreating from the room.

Kim was not sure what to make of this but, all things considered, it had the dramatic flair that she would associate with Jim, her ex husband.  The most shocking thing was Jim’s apparent U turn.  He had never shown regret in his entire life, why he should start now was beyond her.  However, with a growing sense of interest, Kim pressed play.

Jim appeared on the screen, but it was not the man she remembered from only a few years ago.  This Jim had aged.  He looked pale and thin and was sitting up in bed, surrounded by a bank of monitors.

“Hello Kitten,” the new Jim croaked.

Reaching for a glass of water, he drank deeply before continuing.

“If you are seeing this, then,” Jim paused, gave a dramatic shrug and looked about him before continuing.  “I don’t remember who said it, but nothing focuses the mind quite like the scaffold,” Jim smiled mirthlessly before starting into a coughing fit that lasted for several second.  “The point is that I regret our parting. We were good together and I destroyed that.  Oh I know what the lawyers said, but I started the downward spiral years before, forcing you into another’s arms and bringing about a catastrophe that neither of us could return from.”

The old man on the screen paused to sip more water and Kim sat in shock.  The old Jim would never have said any of this, but this new, older, frail Jim.  This she believed and even pitied.

“I dare say that the press are still hounding you.  Even if they were not, this latest news would set them on you like a pack of dogs.  So I have made provision for that.  I own a private retreat, which I have kept for just such occasions.  I will bequeath this to you so that you can avoid some of the more troublesome members of the press.  After the feeding frenzy has died down you will enjoy the benefits of a trust fund that I have set up to ensure that all of your requirements are catered for.  I have instructed the solicitor to charter a helicopter to take you to my retreat.  He has also activated the trust fund, with a starting balance of 10.5 million.  More will be added to the fund account over a period of time, so as not to draw the press or counter claims from my other wives, down on you.  I have made similar provisions for my other wives, but.”

Jim shrugs again before starting on another coughing fit which, Kim guessed, he has been holding back since he started talking.

“Anyway, I have left the instructions with my solicitor.  If he has followed my directions, you should press the red button on his desk to summon him back into the room.  I am sorry that I did not have the resolve to do this sooner, but I always was a stubborn man.”

Jim smiles and the screen goes blank.

Kim sat, stunned, staring at the screen.  Although not great, 10.5 million was a nice starting balance and he had promised more.  She would have preferred to have been the sole beneficiary, but Jim was bent on a cause of putting right all of his past wrongs and, as always, Jim had made the mistake of thinking that money could make it all better, not that she was complaining.  Also, spending a few months at his hidey-hole sounded like a very good idea and so, after a few moments, Kim pressed the red and brass buzzer on the solicitors’ desk.

**\* \* \_**_

_Kim sat in the rear of the helicopter that the solicitors had arranged for her, trying not to be sick.  She had travelled in aeroplanes before, but there was something about the motion of this juddering, loud machine, that her stomach rebelled at.  Time stretched endlessly before the pilot reported into her headset that they were approaching the island.  They had been flying for about an hour across a featureless ocean._

_“When Jim finds an out of the way retreat, he doesn’t do it by half,” Kim mused to herself as she peered through the glass at the grey smudge indicated by the pilot._

_After about five minutes Kim began to make out detail until, eventually, she could make out the features.  It was a small island, perhaps two miles square.  A small beach offered a landing site and Kim could make out a dock, as well as stairs leading up a steep cliff.  As the helicopter banked and rose, Kim was able to take in more detail._

_The island, as far as she could tell, was covered with woodland and sported a large, colonial style house, several outbuildings around a courtyard, as well as a larger, more modern building towards the back of the house.  She could also make out features that made her enforced seclusion seem more bearable.  A swimming pool, tennis courts, not that she had time or inclination to invite other people at this stage.  However, that would change once she had settled in.  A footpath disappeared into the woods and she imagined herself jogging around the island as part of her morning regime._

_The helicopter banked nauseatingly before settling at a helipad on the lawns in front of the main house and outbuildings.  She stepped out of the helicopter as the rotors wound down and the pilot took her hand, advising her to watch her head, before taking her bags, at the solicitors, who she now knew to be Mr Prentice, instruction as she walked with him to the main house._

_Once he had shown her the main features of the house, the remote controls for setting the pool temperature, curtains, lights, television and all the other boy toys which Jim would have insisted on and having established that the radio worked and that the compound had power, he said his farewells before heading back to the helicopter with the pilot._

_The first thing that Kim did was to check the kitchen.  Sure enough, there were sufficient foods to feed an army, both fresh and the longer lasting, tinned and dried varieties.  A person could hide for quite some time here, Kim mused._

_Kim checked the radio again and was satisfied to here a response from the girl at Mr Prentices office.  Although he would call in once a week to ensure that all was well, it was still comforting to know that she could do so herself._

_Having found the spacious and well appointed master bedroom that the pilot had piled her bags in, she set out to explore the house.  If she had nothing else to say about Jim Star, he definitely knew how to indulge himself.  A spacious gym, with all of the latest equipment, sauna, Jacuzzi, oh yes and of course fully equipped dungeon._

_Kim shuddered as a memory burst into her mind as she stepped into Jim’s playroom.  They had not been married long and, despite what he had said on the tape, it was her introduction to bondage and the person who Jim became when she was helpless, that had started to erode their relationship.  She shuddered as she remembered the tight constraint of the strange leather body harness he insist she wear, along with the four inch healed stilettos, before chaining her arms above her head, so that she was stretched to the full extent that her shoes would allow.  Nipple clamps and a ball gag completed the ensemble._

_“Crack.”_

_Kim jumped as an audio memory so real caused her to feel the whip again as it snaked across her back, buttocks and legs again and again.  Kim’s hands wandered subconsciously to her body as she mentally recounted the sudden pain that she had screamed, protesting into her gag._

_Kim withdrew quickly and closed the door, choosing to loose herself in an exploratory jog around the island track that she had seen from the air, finishing up with a workout in the gym and relaxing in the Jacuzzi._

_The next day, having explored the main house, Kim set out to explore some of the other buildings._

_Two hours later, she discovered that most of the buildings were dedicated to maintenance of the grounds and building, as well as more tinned food, dried food and the like.  Another building, Kim took for a stable, but closer inspection of the tack soon revealed that this was another facet of his perversions.  Strange boots with no heal and horse shoes on the soles, leather body harnesses, bits and bridals, obviously designed for human use, forced her to retreat from the building._

_After this, Kim returned to the house and changed into jogging bottoms and sports bra before heading off for the track.  However, her run was spoilt as images of women carrying riders or pulling carriages along the track interfered with her normal calm.  Kim was also surprised to find that these thoughts made her wet and excited._

_Returning to the gym, Kim tried to go through her workout, but failed as images of pony girls, the word erupted into her self conscious and, after trying it out a few times, decided that it fit the situation, continued to flash into he mind._

_Admitting defeat, Kim hit the showers, cleaned off the sweat, dried, threw on a cotton dress and sandals and walked over to the stables.  Picking up various items, Kim eventually found her sizes.  Twenty minutes later, Kim was dressed in a leather harness, which, while surrounding her bust, offered little support.  A leather strap ran uncomfortably between her legs and straps at her waist, even at their smallest setting, pinched her waist uncomfortably. The boots were worse, but after several minutes, she was able to walk around comfortably in them.  She also found a bit and bridle that fitted her reasonably well, as well.  She also, found, after some consideration, what she thought were hoof gloves.  The Velcro straps around the sides looked easy to fit and after trying with one glove fitted, decided that as long as she could make get her hands up to her mouth, even with the bit in, she could bite enough of the Velcro to take them off._

_Leaving the gloves for a moment, Kim explored the back of the stable block and found what she knew to be there, a small, lightweight cart.  After several moments, she saw how this could be attached to the strange D rings at her waist, which had puzzled her earlier._

_Returning to the stall which she had dressed in earlier, she eventually got up the courage to place the strange bit in her mouth and fasten the bridal around her head.  This was a little claustrophobic at first, as blinkers limited her world to straight ahead.  The bit was also a little uncomfortable, but she should be all right. Next she struggled with the clips on the reigns.  A second set puzzled her, until she saw how the reigns hung down below her jaw, touching her breasts.  On an impulse and before she could dissuade herself, she attached the second pair of clips, butterfly, rather than the dog style used to attach the reigns to the head harness, onto her nipples.  Gritting her teeth into the bit, she absorbed the pain, initially sharp, but which settled down to a dull throb._

_Kim stopped to puzzle why she was doing this.  Had Jim been right about her after all?  He would never know and it didn’t hurt for her to have a little kinky fun. After all, she was in control this time and she trusted herself a damn site more that she had trusted Jim._

_Grabbing the hoof gloves she walked over to the cart, tied the reigns around one of the rails behind the seat of the small, one-man craft, before testing the length and then finally clipping the carts two wooden shafts onto her body harness.  Finally she attached the hoof gloves, using her limited jaw movement to pull the Velcro strap tight and fasten it around the gloves.  Satisfied, she set off into the warm afternoon sun and, starting gradually, increased her pace until she was running along the track, pulling the carriage with more ease than she had initially thought possible._

_Eventually she returned, having jogged for about six miles around the track.  Only one incident marred the jog.   She had taken the corner too fast and, due to the momentum of the cart, had been pushed forward before she could correct.  Fortunately, she had only had to reverse herself out of some shrubs on the side of the track, but it had taught her that there was more to pulling a cart than she had considered, especially with a person on board._

_Releasing her nipples from the reigns had proved painful, but she was glad that she had overcome her reservations and, she could admit it, fear.  It had been like taking control again.  She felt that she could now stand in the dungeon without running away screaming.  In her own way, she had buried Jims more unsavoury aspects and she had actually found the experience liberating._

_That night, glass at wine in hand, she eventually dared his DVD collection.  As she had expected, it showed videos of his bondage sessions with his various wives, including her.  There were even a few women who she didn’t recognise and had wished she had known of during divorce proceedings._

_Kim slept better than she had for some time that night and got up refreshed and alive._

_**\_ \* \_**_

_After her morning jog, without the pony gear, Kim decided to explore the rest of the buildings.  So, having showered and changing into a cotton dress, she ate breakfast and set out to explore._

_As well as supplies, an office and a sports room, Kim found something quite strange.  It appeared to be, from what she could remember of her education, a milking room.  Walking past the various stalls, which for some reason looked wrong, she found that it lead into a reasonably sized, enclose field.  No cows were evident, and so Kim turned around and left.  It made sense, she suppose, to be a little self sufficient, rather than relying on other people for supplies, she just couldn’t picture Jim as farmer Giles._

_After a cup of coffee in the kitchen, she considered what she had found so far.  Other than the stables and a dungeon, she was sure that Jim had other unsavoury indulgences to his sick preoccupation scattered about the island.  Perhaps she would find something interesting in the building behind the house._

_The large, concrete box was out of keeping with the rest of the buildings.  Obviously newer, Kim could find no indication as to its content, since it boasted no windows.  She walked around its large, square perimeter as far as she could, since a section of it seemed to lead alongside the house, and Kim remembered a door which she had pondered from the semi enclosed courtyard at the side of the house, next to the stable buildings._

_Retracing her steps, she eventually found a door set into the rear of the building and reaching for her keys, was surprised to find that the door opened easily._

_Stepping into the gloom, fluorescent lights activated to illuminate a strange, tiled, shower room.  Kim turned but found that the door had closed behind her.  It was then that she noticed that there was no doorknob.  After some frantic pushing and trying to ease the door open with her keys, Kim eventually decided that she was not leaving that way and so turned to the door at the far end of the room, however, she nearly jumped out of her skin when a female voice echoed through the room._

_“Please get undressed and place your clothes in the box provided.  Once you have done this, coat your body liberally with the decontaminating jelly.  You should leave this on for at least fifteen minutes and should be liberally applied to all areas of the body, including hair and private areas.  After fifteen minutes, you should shower before proceeding into the next room.  Thank you for co-operating fully with the requirement of this facility.”_

_“Hello.  Who is there?  I don’t want to go on, so if you could just open the door for me?”_

_Kim was puzzled.  There was no response._

_“Hello?  Can you hear me?”_

_No response again.  Kim decided that this must be a recording, activated when she came in.  What the hell was this place, Kim wondered?  She knew some of Jims business interests, but this was definitely weird.  However, if it was a recording, then she expected that she could ignore it.  Striding over to the door at the far side of the room, she found that, although it had a handle, it was locked.  She banged on the door and called out again.  Although she knew that this place was empty, she tried anyway, turning the door handle briskly left and right._

_“Please get undressed and place your clothes in the box provided,” the message repeated._

_Perhaps it is waiting for me to try the shower and so, stepping over, she turned the shower on and let the water run for several minutes, before turning the water off and trying the door handle again._

_“Please get undress,” the message continued out its long instructions._

_Kim looked at the metal box attached to the table.  Pressing down, Kim found that the bottom moved, like a set of scales.  Reluctantly, she removed her shoes, placed them in the box, gave the shower a quick blast and tried the door._

_“Please get,” the message droned on._

_Kim took off her dress and tried the shower, then the door.  Again the message was repeated.  Reluctantly, Kim stripped, placed all of her clothes in the box, before trying the shower and door.  No luck._

_This time the message was shorter, omitting part about getting undressed and launching straight into the instructions about the disinfectant jelly.   How did it know?  Was somebody really here?_

_With a growing sense of foreboding, Kim smeared the contents of the disinfectant jar she had found, putting on the swimming goggles before doing her face and hair._

_“An alarm will sound after fifteen minutes.  When you hear this alarm, please proceed to the shower cubicle and wash off the jelly, making sure that none remains, as this may cause irritation.”_

_Great, now it tells her._

_Kim spent an uncomfortable time waiting for the buzzer but, after an eternity, where she imagined her skin burning or pealing, the alarm sounded and she raced for the shower._

_After she had finished she looked for a towel, but couldn’t find one and so, dripping wet, she pulled off the goggles, letting out a cry of alarm as she did so.  The goggles were tinted orange and, upon removing them, she saw that her skin had taken on a honey orange tan.  Some areas, where the jelly had obviously been applied thickly, had blotched to a rich golden brown.  Stepping back into the shower, she tried to scrub out the tan that she had acquired, but nothing would shift the blotchy stains on her skin.  All the time, the voice continued to demand that she proceed to the next room._

_Eventually, getting out of the shower, Kim retrieved her clothes from the box._

_“Please get undressed and place your clothes in the box provided before proceeding onto the next room.”_

_Cursing, Kim threw her clothes into the box and stalked to the door, which opened easily.  Stepping into the gloom, she remembered what had happened the last time she had stepped into a room in this place, but it was too late and the door had closed behind her._

_“Please complete all of the tasks required before proceeding into the next room,” the voice intoned as the lights flickered into life._

_Kim shivered as she looked around the room.  It was a bare concrete room.  A small plastic palette bed, with a plain duvet was set in one corner.  Another door was on the other side of the room.  Kim strode over and tried the door, but again was not able to open it._

_“Please complete all,” the woman’s voice continued and Kim reluctantly started to explore her surroundings, not that there was much to see as she examined the room.  Some hatches, which she could not open, were set into the floor.  Other than that, she found nothing._

_Kim had tried calling out, banging on the door, getting angry, shouting, crying, but nothing would work.  If she tried the door, the same message would repeat. Despondently, she walked over to the cot bed and sat down to find out what the voice would ask of her next._

_Kim lost track of time, she had tried sitting, and pacing, screaming occasionally, but the door remained the same.  Just what the hell was this place?  What the hell had Jim done here?  What would happen to her?  Curling upon the duvet, which was attached to the bed and offered her minimal comfort, sleep eventually found her._

_She was eventually awoken by the voice._

_“Please eat everything in the tray.”_

_At first Kim did not register what had been said, but after it had been repeated Kim crawled out of her cot and, after stretching her aching limbs, walked over to the opposite wall, where a tray had appeared.  The moulded tray contained some sort of dried biscuits on one side and water in the other.   Kim bent down and tried to lift the tray, but it was anchored firmly in position where it had jutted out of one of the little doors that she had noticed earlier.  Peering down to look into the hatch, she could only make out a dark void beyond.  Sitting down, Kim picked up the biscuits and bit into them.  They did not taste that nice, but they were not bad either.   After some more of these, she cupped her hands into the water and took several gulps.  Finally, she had eaten about half of these biscuits and, although the voice prompted her on two more occasions, the food tray eventually slid away._

_After several moments, a sliding sound caught her attention and she looked over towards the door that she had come in by.  There, on the floor and firmly secured in place, was a large litter tray.  As if in response, her bladder started to ache in that familiar way.  If this were the only option open to her, then she would take it.  Squatting down over the tray, Kim relieved herself with a satisfied sigh._

_Kim did not know how long it was until her next meal, but her stomach growled loudly.  She paced the room and took stock of her situation.  At least she was being fed and the most she would have to endure this for was another week when the solicitors tried to radio and, finding no response, sent someone out to investigate.  However, this was not the main concern.  Kim worried about who had last used this room.  How many other people had been subjected to this or were she the first one.  She hadn’t seen anything like this in the DVDs that she had watched, but she had not gone through his whole collection and besides, he may not have videoed this.  Yeah right.  Where was this leading, she wondered?  If this was an old project, how much food was left?  Was the food bunker full?_

_Kim lost track of time, but when the next food arrived, Preceded by a buzzer, rather than the voice, she ate all of the biscuits and drank all of the water.  She was starving.  While eating, she noticed a sound behind her and, turning, watched as a fresh one replaced the litter tray as it rotated around, like the secret fireplace in Indiana Jones.    Regardless, she had done more than wee the last time that she had used the box and it had started to smell._

_After sleeping and being fed for several more times, where the buzzer noisily announced it was time to eat.  Kim thought of Pavlov’s dog and sure enough, upon hearing the buzzer she had noted that she was drooling._

_This time, when the buzzer sounded, another door had opened depositing a small plastic and wire thing into a tray, along with a small Allen key.  A panel above this tray opened, revealing a small monitor._

_“Please place the devise into your mouth and secure it using the Allen key provided, as shown in the video on the screen above the tray,” the voice intoned._

_Kim had had braces when she was younger and this looked similar to the material that the dentist had used to secure them in her mouth.  Looking at the video she saw that she was to place the device inside her mouth so that it sat across her tongue.  This would, in effect, trap her tongue.  What the hell was this?_

_“No way.  No fucking way,” she raged at the voice.  “ You can go screw yourself if you think I am doing this she screamed and stomped over to the cot._

_“Please place the device into your mouth and secure it using the Allen key provided, as shown in the video on the screen above the tray.  Food will not be issued until your you have carried out this task.”_

_Kim fumed, but the message kept repeating.  Kim raged at the voice, but eventually thirst and hunger won.  She did not know how long she had refused, but she knew that, unless she wanted to starve to death, she would have to do as she was told.  Defeated she walked over to the tray and fitted the device._

_“Please continue to tighten until you hear the buzzer,” the voice advised._

_How the hell did it know, she wandered.  Perhaps there were some sorts of sensors in the thing.  She didn’t know, but she tightened the Allen key until her tongue was held firmly in place and the ends, which fitted over her molars, would not budge at all._

_“Please place the Allen key back in the tray,” the voice urged in an infuriatingly flat tone._

_Kim gulped down her food in silence.  She had no choice.  She could make basic noises, but her ability to form words had been severely limited._

_You can also leave feedback to the author on the [bound forum](http://www.boundforum.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?TID=7822)

28.06.09

story continues in [**Kim's Tail 2: Honey's Training Regime_*](kims_tail2.html)

o0o
