---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Leather Jeans
authors:
- Seahawk
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- leather
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2004-04-30 00:00:00
---

**Leather Jeans**
by Seahawk
Leather Jeans by Seahawk
A dormant fetish leads to a journey down the road to discovery.
A short story by Seahawk.

Manchester weather was up to its usual bad habits – rain west of the
Pennines is always more persistent than the drier climate of Steve’s native
Leeds. Grimacing at the grey November sky from which a mix of sleet and
wet was inexorably falling, he heaved himself from the car and into a nearby
shop to ask for directions, vainly attempting to keep his eye on the car.
Salford is one of the least salubrious districts of Greater Manchester.
Its dubious reputation is widely known. As he enters the shop, he is mildly
surprised by the warm smell of leather, unexpected. The shop front bore
the legend: “Italian Fashions”, but no mention of leather.

To be fair, a sales manager in the plastics business might be excused
for not knowing that Italy is a centre of leather clothing excellence.
Confronted with bright steel racks of leather coats, jackets and other
garments made from various animal skins illuminated by harsh lighting from
a grubby tiled ceiling, he makes his way to the back of the shop, looking
for a shop assistant or someone he could ask for directions. Directions
to a small company, well-hidden down a back street. Difficult to find,
no, bloody impossible to find. He looses sight of the car. Well, it is
locked, he surmised.

No one was at the counter. Strange. A small bell sits on the counter.
Steve rings it and waits. Nervously. That smell is comforting though, memories
of his grandmother’s gloves spring to mind. The only leather Steve owns
is a couple of belts, one from Next, another from Hugo Boss – thin corporate
black leather belts ideal for holding up his expensive but nondescript
corporate business suit trousers. And shoes, of course. Poles apart from
the garments on the racks in this strange smelling shop. Hearing no one
approach, he turns to glance at some leather jackets and finds a small
rack of leather garments only ever seen being worn by rock stars. The vaguely
disturbing atmosphere of the shop combined with the sight of shiny black
garments has Steve plucking a pair of leathers from the rail, holding them
out and examining them.

“Couldn’t climb into those, would have to spray them on,” he thinks
aloud.

“Yes, probably.” He starts – a female voice. A young woman has entered
the sales area very quietly and is standing beside him, much too close
for Steve’s comfort.

“Do you like them?” She asks.

Steve flusters, “Em, er, well yes.” Lost for words, caught out. What
was he doing here? Oh yes, directions.

She listens carefully. Moves closer to glance at his papers with the
address written on it. Very close, he can see fine dark hairs on the back
of her neck and smell a subtle musky perfume. She barely comes up to his
broad shoulders. Pretty but petite, making Steve feel large and ungainly.

“Easy, they are round the back of this shop, in the next street. You
can’t go wrong, it’s just a step. Go down the side alley and turn right.
Second double doors on your right. Up the stairs, second floor. Mind the
secretary there – a real dragon.”

“Thank you.” He is still holding the hanger and the jeans.

“Would you like to try those on? Fitting room ‘s over there.” She lifts
another pair of the rail – shiny, smooth, and heavy. “These may fit you
better – what are you? A 34?

Steve hastily returns the first pair to the rail and backing away slightly
makes his excuses. Leather trousers was not what he should be thinking
about and not for the first time in the few minutes spent in that shop
did he wonder what has possessed him to even hold a pair to him to check
the length of the leg. Uncharacteristic, definitely. He says his goodbyes
and returns to the real world of sleet and dark grey cloud illuminated
by orange neon. Dusk was falling and Steve realised that he had been in
that shop for longer than he realised. A time warp? Do they exist in this
down at heel part of Manchester? He hastens round the corner and to his
intended destination. The dragon on the front desk was charming and held
out an envelope on his arrival.

“Mr Grimshaw, you are late.” she gently reprimands him. “Mr Dyer, the
finance director would have liked to speak to you about this month’s invoice.
But, he has had to leave the office for the day.”

Steve opens the envelope and glances at the cheque. For once it was
correct. 120 days of invoices cleared, nothing withheld. He hated collecting
debts but an order is not won until signed, delivered and paid for. First
rule of sales. And the last.

He promises the charming dragon that the accounts will be updated in
the morning but he would phone in and confirm payment to take the stop
from the account. She smiles in return and points out that unless his account
colleagues worked late, his call may go unanswered. Where had the time
gone?

“I could pop back on another day”, he suggests. “Do you keep his diary?”

“He is on holiday next week and the week after. Early skiing trip or
something. Give him a call tomorrow when you get back to the office, I
don’t think it’s a big query”.

Steve returns to his still intact car. Driving to the motorway, he wonders
if the city sleet has turned to snow over Saddleworth Moor. The Trans-Pennine
motorway was hazardous and congested at the best of times. Once into the
slow moving traffic of early evening, his mind dwells on the business of
the day. Shiny black leather pushes into his conscious thoughts. Tight,
shiny, encasing his strong rugger player’s thighs, sensuous, warm. The
warm, almost animal smell seems to fill his nostrils. He thinks about it
a little more and is surprised at a stiffening feeling behind his trouser
zipper. It’s turning him on. Amazing, he was never aware of any desire
for anything remotely unusual in the sex department. Not with his wife
who was as conventional as housewives came. Did Steve have a fetish he
was unaware of and had lain dormant until today? That brief interlude in
the shop had left its mark.

Saddleworth Moor was bleary, bleak and slowly turning white with slushy
snow. From here, the M62 winds its way across the Pennines, slowly descending
past Yorkshire familiarity, with Bradford, Huddersfield, Dewsbury and Halifax
on the big blue signs. The snow thickened but the road remained clear,
if bumper to bumper. Slow but steady driving, good thinking time. Just
leave plenty of room between him and the car in front and the brain can
wander.

Room for thinking and for once not about sales figures, orders, prospects
and budgets. No, he was thinking about his two kids, a couple of brats.
Spoiled rotten. Because of his good job, they lacked for nowt. His wife
had turned inward, he realised. When was the last time they had made love,
never mind sex? He thought hard. Hmmm.

He was the provider – roof over their heads in a fashionable estate
in Sherburn. She with the four-track to ferry the kids to school and then
lunching with other mothers – gossip, gossip. My husband this, mine won’t
that and so on. His toes curled at the thought. As long as he brought home
the salary and sales commission; she seemed happy to live the lifestyle.
Shopping in Leeds or Meadowhall, spending what he earned – holidays and
clothes. What did he have to look forward to – his next new company car?
How fulfilling was that?

A couple of years ago, thoughts of choosing a new car would have filled
him with pleasure but not know. “Mid life crisis looming,” he thought.
No, don’t be ridiculous, not at 33. Not even a grey hair. Still, he did
wonder where this was all going and experiences like this afternoon prompts
that kind of thinking. Those jeans were nice and that dark-haired shop
assistant. You would not turn her down, given the chance. A more normal
Rugby player’s grin split his face and he laughed for the first time that
day. Traffic was easing and the drive would soon be over. M1 was past and
snow had turned to drizzle.

Leather jeans. Should he? For the hell of it? Why not? After all, he
spent little money on himself. But what would June say? She would have
a fit. It might shake her out of her complacency. It might end in divorce
he considered.

\*\*\*

The sleet was forming slushy piles on the side of the street when Zoë
finally pulled the heavy metal shutters down over the shop windows. God
but they are heavy and need oiling. Squeak, rattle bang. Then on with the
padlocks and back in through the shop door, locking it behind her to finish
for the day. She sighed. That sales guy was different. He would have looked
good in those jeans, she realised, good body. Pity, he was like a frightened
rabbit, caught in the headlight glare and such a big guy too. At least
6ft and the rest. Bet he is a hand full on home ground but in here? She
sighed again and turned to her business partner, an over-made up woman
in her mid thirties.

“Fancy him, did you luv?” she purred. Zoë shot her a sharp look.
Was it that obvious?

“No, Carol, I did not” she replied, blushing slightly. Carol was a big
boned woman, hands a little too large, slight shadow on her face, looks
are deceptive and the leather business was not one chosen by accident.
For carol was a TV man and would have had Steve (Mr Conventional) Grimshaw
running a mile if he had realised.

“C’mon luv, get cashed up, take the bag to the bank and then let’s go
to the club”. By club, Carol meant one with a discreet doorway and interesting
equipment behind the closed doors. “I bet you will never see him in here
ever again!”

Zoë was not so keen; the usual club clientele was not what she
wanted for company that evening. Still, better than sitting in the upstairs
flat, on her own. She nodded.

\*\*\*

Two days later and Steve was reconsidering his rash decision of the
other evening. Really, what was he thinking? Where the hell did that all
come from? It nagged at him. Leather was suddenly on his mind: he noticed
younger woman wearing it in town and also how many leather jackets and
coats seemed to be worn by people of all ages. He noticed its texture,
colour and feel. He imagined himself wearing the jeans with his firm legs
emphasised by smooth shiny black, folded slightly at the top of the thighs
and the flat jeans style front. “Oh stop it Grimshaw,” he reprimands himself.

\*\*\*

“You dress to the left,” Zoë stated in a matter of fact manner.
“What?” Steve stood slack-jawed at that one.

“You dress to the left,” repeated Zoë, “look!” She turned him to
a long mirror. The jeans were a close fit and to his discomfort, the flat
front certainly showed a bulge – bigger than usual. He was aware that trying
on the leathers was going to turn him on a little but boy, there was no
doubt about which side he dressed on. Blushing slightly, he apologised.

“Oh don’t,“ laughed Zoë, “that’s the whole point. Jeans are sexy.
Unlike that horrible suit you are wearing this morning, with its pleats
and all. These make you look muscular”.  They did too. The close fit
moulded the leather to his firm buttocks and across his thighs, not too
tight but enough. The leather was soft but firm, yielding but clinging. 
Like a second skin. The unfinished hems trailed on the grey carpet tiles.

“So, do you like them?” she asked again. Steve gave in to the moment.
Showing all convention to one side, his rigid corporate thinking temporarily
suspended, he nodded.

“Good,” said Zoë, “because they suit you.” She bends down and takes
up the hem on each leg to judge the correct length. “Wear them with boots
and try and find something to go with them – polo necks or a round neck
top – no patterns. Buy a smart casual jacket – go for solid dark colours,
you will look right good.”

She looked at his strong legs again. Zoë liked men with good legs
and bums. Obviously he was fit and keeping his belly in check with regular
training but it was obvious that business lunches were on the verge of
winning that battle.

She had not met anyone quite like Steve in a long time. She mixed in
the wrong circles. He had an air of innocence behind the corporate exterior,
the man with responsibilities and obviously some power and influence but
sexually naive. Behind the uncertainty over this new experience she saw
a confidence, an arrogance that would quickly re-assert itself once back
on his home ground. His arrival at opening time that morning surprised
both her and Carol, who was lurking behind a screen.

She liked him and was inwardly delighted to see him again but how did
she take this obviously nervous man, a completely innocent man on the next
steps? She had fantasised him wearing one of a dozen leather devices that
would look good on him but wondered how he would really react. He obviously
likes leather. It was turning him on and that was a good sign.

The jeans were handed to Carol for the hems to be turned up. Zoë
made small talk about the weather, what sport did Steve play and what were
his plans for the weekend. At that last question, she reddened slightly,
it sounded like a come on. Steve relaxed and chatted to this attractive
woman – he liked women and this one was unusually attractive, very striking.
She steered the conversation to clothes, discovering that apart from his
suits, his wife bought most of his clothes.

“Horrible checked shirts and baggy chinos from Marks I bet,” she thought.

The leather jeans were the first bit of casual wear he had bought himself
in a long time and he wondered not for the first time how his wife would
react. He cringed.

Zoë, in the meantime, was thinking furiously. This guy was a square,
a bit conventional. He had promise but would he play along? Then she took
a gamble: “Do you really like leatherwear?”

“Well, it’s a new discovery but yes, I think I do.”

“Do you want to see some real leather?”

“You mean this is not real? It looks very real to me,” surprise written
all over his face.

“It’s real enough, don’t worry. No, I mean some right lovely gear. Here.”
she grabbed his hand, “Come and look. You ARE privileged, few people get
to see our stock room!”

She steers him round the counter and past a knowing Carol. Though a
door into a back room hung with enough leather coats to clothe a city.
He noticed some uncut skins, beautiful to look at, in more colours than
he imagined possible – red, brown, chocolate, gold, cream and of course,
black. A workbench and other equipment stood to one side. An unfinished
waistcoat caught his eye.

“It’s beautiful,” he breathed, feeling the uncut skins. “You make all
this stuff here?”

“Oh, that’s nothing. Come through.” Into another room. More leather
and Steve’s heart did a little trip. It was all black and red. With silver
buckles, hasps and studs of all shapes and sizes. Not belts, that was obvious.
Zoë held onto his hand. He made no move to pull away, much to her
relief.

“This is our other stock room,” she said, heavy with meaning. “An interesting
sideline. Seen anything like this before?”

He swallowed: “No.”

“Don’t tell me that your wife does not strap you up in a harness every
Saturday night, she teased.

Steve swallowed again. “Um, no. She is not like that.”

“Oh poor you! So, what do you think of our toys?”

To Steve, it all looked vaguely threatening, but with a beauty he could
not fathom. Like a dangerous insect – or exotic reef fish – colourful but
perilous. The leather smell was powerful, like a sexual musk. A different
atmosphere to that in the main shop. He glanced at Zoë and realised
that she was the same. Disturbingly beautiful, sexually attractive and
dangerous at the same time, completely at home in this uncanny place. She
released his hand, wandered to a wall rack and lifted down some items.
She handed them to Steve whose thoughts were still developing the peril
theme.

“Try them on,” she encouraged him. “Here, let me show you.” Unresisting,
Steve allowed Zoë to place each leather cuff around his wrists. The
leather was completely different to that in the shop. It was thick, black
and the cuffs looked strong enough to hold an Aberdeen Angus bull never
mind a six-foot rugby player. Three inches wide and secured with two buckles
and a locking hasp. He was getting hard again.  Zoë was also
keenly aware of his reactions. He realised that he had made a first step
along an unknown road and he was in serious peril.

“Like them, don’t you?” she breathed.

The firm pressure on his wrists was distinctly erotic and causing Steve
to become painfully erect. He wondered where this was leading. He should
leave now. Before he was in too deep. Zoë started to remove his shirt
and tie, Steve protested but weakly. It was going better than she had dared
hope. She rubbed her hands across his chest.

“No pressing sales appointments this morning, I hope?”

For the first time in his career, Steve has bunked off for the day,
to buy the jeans. To his frustration, he had no further customer visits
to Manchester in his diary that would make a casual call to the shop a
possibility. Not for weeks. So he had invented some, for the first time
in his career.

“No,” he mumbles, entranced by her massaging of his chest.

“Good,” she smiled, looking him straight in the eyes. She had dark brown
eyes and clear skin but a knowing look that suggested that she had experiences
beyond anything Steve could claim. There was a new predatory look, one
of a wild lioness having caught its prey. She looked hungry. He shivered.

Zoë removed his vest and motioned to him to drop is trousers. “To
try on some more of this lovely leather, I think you will need to be undressed,”
she murmured.

Steve complied slowly, and was soon standing in the centre of the warm
room, wearing nothing but wrist cuffs. She selected a collar from the wall.
He recoiled at the sight of it, stepping back and falling over his discarded
clothing. In a flash, she was on top of him, placing the band of leather
around his neck. He was shocked by the contact of her lithe body and of
hard leather, and was momentarily off-guard. He heard the snap of a padlock
and felt the restricting band around his throat..

“There, that’s better”, she cooed in his hear. She nipped it with shiny
white teeth and then helped him to his knees. As he was about to stand
up again she stopped him.

“Stay boy! Time for some house rules here.” she said. “When I put a
collar on you, you call me ‘My Lady’ or Lady Zoë. I hate being called
Mistress. You will always keep your head below mine unless I command otherwise.
You will do as you are told or I punish you. I know some very subtle punishments.
Painful but subtle, so behave.”

Steve looked at her in total shock. He was horrified, appalled at his
situation and fascinated – mixed emotions, all at once. His brain whirled
in clichés. He had heard of such things like bondage, subjects of
ribald teasing in the changing room but he was really lost for words. His
mouth opened but no protests came out. He was out of his depth, well and
truly in over his head.

“You will be silent too,” she added. “Don’t worry”, she said, as she
bent down to him to clip on a lead of shiny steel chain. Kissing him on
the nose, much to his shock, she added: “I think you will enjoy this. It’s
your first time, that’s obvious” so I will be gentle with you. Stand and
follow me.” She tugged on the lead.

He followed, down a fight of concrete stairs, cold on his bare feet.
He was acutely aware of his senses, much more than normal. And terrified
of what was going to happen next. Yet his curiosity and attraction to this
woman was piqued – he had not had the attentions of any female for quite
some time – his wife had said she was bored of sex or almost words to that
effect. If only she could see him now.

The room was whitewashed, warm and well lit. It was full of strange
apparatus made of polished, gleaming wood with steel loops, chains and
leather straps. Steel loops and other items were suspended from the ceiling.
She steered him to a metal bar suspended from the ceiling. Standing on
a stool, she secured Steve’s wrist cuffs to each side of the spreader bar
and then pulled on a pulley chain, extending his arms above his head until
they were taut. Once she had her prey well secured she examining her catch.
He made to say something but she stopped him with a finger on his lips:
“I said, be silent.” she reminded him. “Or I throw you out the back door
with nothing but a thong on. You are my captive, you lucky man.”

Looking at his muscular body with traces of last weekend’s rugby bruises
fading, she realised that she had caught a real live man, not one of those
wimps down at the club. He stood there with his legs together – tightly
together, his only protection from hazards imagined and real.

At the same time, his eyes swivelled around the room, drinking in the
scene. His cock was painfully hard now and he was completely turned on
by the attention. He had never been in such a position before, helpless
and defenceless. The array on the far wall did much to emphasise his feeling
that he was out of control: Floggers, whips, what looked like old–fashioned
school canes and other devices in leather, steel and wood that he could
not identify.

“You will get your chance to try some of those.” she teased. “And other
things you cannot see. I have some lovely things in my toy box. God, but
you have a good body. I will have to think about what I am going to do
to it. No tattoos I see, what a blank canvass.” He shuddered at that and
made to protest again.

She selected a spreader bar and cuffs from a rack on the wall and secured
one of Steve’s ankles, commanding him to spread his legs. He refused to
begin with so she ticked one foot. Taken completely by surprise, he moved
his legs, sufficiently to shove the bar between them and catch the other
foot. He was really in a pickle now and he knew it. She adjusted the pulley
again, pulling Steve up so he was on his toes.

“Comfortable?” she asks.

He shakes his head. “No My Lady.” That was strange thing to say, unfamiliar.
The array of implements of torture hanging on the far wall was enough to
prompt the correct response.

“Good. I don’t want you falling asleep on me. I am off to get myself
a drink and to consider what I will spend the rest of the day doing – with
you. Carol will hold the fort. So relax and enjoy yourself. We are going
to have a little fun and you might enjoy it.” She runs a fingernail down
his spine and just to his buttocks. He shudders and clenches. She does
it again and then leaves.

Conventionality kicks in again: “How long are going to leave me like
this?” he calls frantically.

She turns and stares. He repeats his question, in panic. This was not
the deal. He was an upstanding family man, professional. Captain of his
local rugger team. What was this all about? She smiles at him.

“You wanted to try on some leather and this is the price of agreeing
to visit my stockroom. “ she reminds him. “Anyway, I think your dick has
a different opinion. You are SO turned on, you kinky man. You are loving
this. But you need to learn some manners, so…” she selects another item
from the wall and stands on the stool again.

“Open wide.”

 He clamps his jaws shut when he sees the gag. He struggles but
on his toes as he was, his writhing is quickly defeated.

“You asked for it.” She pinches his nose and eventually he opens his
mouth a fraction to breathe. The gag slips in and is secured at the back
of his head with a buckle. Steve hears the snap of a padlock.

“Now shush! Enjoy the moment. Your wife would never do this for you!”
She departs.

Upstairs, Carol was definitely ear wigging. “You got him!”

“I did you old tart, you owe me. He is lovely, smells nice, he is clean
and very respectable. Arrogant MCP though, I will enjoy teasing him just
for today. Nothing too heavy. Keep your kinky little mitts off him whilst
I am gone. I can’t believe he returned, I have some preparation to do!”

\*\*\*

The atmosphere in the dungeon was nothing like anything Steve had ever
experienced before. Chained by the wrists and with is legs stretched by
a strong steel bar, unyielding and unforgiving, he could see in the wall
mirrors that his balls were hanging down, exposed for all to see, from
front and rear. The three-foot steel bar prevented him from closing his
legs or clenching his buttocks. There was pressure on his wrists and ankles
from the cuffs, his toes were uncomfortable and he could make no noise
except for the odd snuffle. He was completely and utterly helpless. Exposed
to anything anyone wanted to do to him and he was helpless to do anything.
He could not reach the buckles of the cuffs. The lead hung down his back,
cold: a further reminder of his predicament. He had submitted to this.
Steve normally submitted to nothing, ordinarily. It was amazing that this
slip of a girl has seduced him, stripped him naked and chained him in this
strange room. And he had not put up much of a fight. There was no way out,
not until she decided to let him go.

His mind wandered to what she was planning. Some of those floggers looked
painful. And what was that furniture? Old-fashioned stocks. A whipping
bench. And steel rings set in the wall as if to secure prisoners in a dungeon.
A steel cage. He then realised that tall wall mirrors were positioned to
add to the discomfort of the victim. He could see all round himself, from
behind and the sides. He looked (and felt) right daft. He could just see
his bum crack opened like he had never seen it before. She could do anything
she liked with his most sensitive regions.

The sense of powerlessness really was a turn on. He was stripped of
everything but his thoughts. He vowed to win his release when she returned.
Lady Zoë would hear an impassioned plea for his release. Except he
was gagged, unable to make a sound beyond a muffled mmmph. No plea he could
make would be remotely intelligent.

\*\*\*

Zoë had taken particular care over her outfit for the scene she
had worked out in her mind. When Steve saw her, and it about an hour later,
his breath was taken away. Zoë was not a leather mistress or one that
liked to dress in a gothic style with flowing robes and back eyeliner.
She chose to tease her men with a tight fitting outfit in shiny latex,
sleeveless and ending just above her knees, emphasising her delicious thighs.
Boots and long gloves completed the outfit. In her shapely form, the outfit
was understated but stunning, showing off a narrow waist, firm arms and
creamy glimpses of perfect skin. She wanted to tease Steve with her sexuality
whilst submitting him to various tortures. To show who held the power over
what he would experience.

It had the desired effect. He was entranced. She came close.

“I bet you would love to get your hand on this,” she flaunted her slim
body. “Sorry, luv, but you will not even get the slightest chance. I get
to do the handling.” With that she stepped onto the stool and wrapped her
arms around Steve’s neck, gently rubbing her latex clad body against his
for many minutes, teasing and torturing. He groaned deep in his throat,
in frustration, unable to do anything. She paused and ran her hands over
his cock and balls, briefly.

“Oh, this is fun.” She giggled. “I really have you! Boy you look really,
um, stretched.”

She giggled again at his expression.

“So what am I going to do with you? Lets see…” she steps back onto the
stool and breathes warm breath down Steve’s ear.

“A little torture. Revenge for all those women who have suffered your
rugby player’s leering and suggestiveness when you are in the bar after
a game.” Steve jerks in his bonds at that one – had she really seen him
drunk in the club house bar after a good match? No, impossible, she is
guessing.

“So, I could just tie your lovely balls in some rope, hang a weight
or two from them, see how much ‘balls’ you really have. Or simply tie them
to that ring over there and stretch them a bit.” She paused to let that
sink in. “Some bottom play perhaps? Ever been plugged, felt the hard feel
of a dildo up your tight little ring?”

At that she ran her hand down Steve’s spine and between his cheeks,
passing over his anus as he jerked and muffled, trying to close his legs.
Zoë continues to rub a finger firmly up and down his crack, occasionally
teasing his genitals from behind. Steve had never experienced those sensations
before – feelings that were heightened by his bonds – God, he wished he
could close his legs. Zoë continued to stroke for many minutes, in
silence while the sensations increased through insistent, relentless massage.
She did not push her finger in, time for that later. She added a rubber
finger toy to tease further, then grabbed a small rod of plastic, scratching
up and down.

Steve was going wild with frustration, unable to stop this abuse of
his ring, the intensity building to unbearable levels, his hands straining
in their cuffs, his legs desperate to close, straining against the spreader
bar in an attempt to protect his most sensitive parts. Just as the tension
was becoming really unbearable, she suddenly stopped.

“Hmm, okay, I think a good beating next if you find that so good.” Stepping
down from the stool, she wanders over to the wall rack, selecting a long
leather flogger. She had no intentions of using it this first time with
Steve, she wanted to tease and torture, not hurt. If he was to return again
for more play, she wanted to give him a taste of what could be, not frightened
him away forever. The flogger was draped over his shoulders, flicked at
his buttocks and wrapped around his head. All the time, she remained silent,
just continuing the same routine of relentless sensation, increasing the
intensity. Steve was horrified and aroused by the attention. Would it really
hurt?

“You really like this, you kinky man,” she teased, “ you are loving
every minute of this, you little pervy slut! I should find a butt plug
for you.”

Steve blushed at this and made to protest. Zoë flicked the flogger
at his genitals as Steve tried to squirm away. She lashed at his thighs,
buttocks and back, gently at first but each blow harder than the last until
gentleness was no longer part of the game. Just as he was starting to make
noises around his gag, she stopped. Leaving him for a few seconds, she
started again, continuing to massage him with the leather flails, pausing
for a few seconds every now and again.

Steve was beginning to loose control completely at this intense flogging.
Whilst Zoë was careful not to mark his skin, Steve did not know how
far she would go. It was a warm, dull thumping sensation which made his
skin tingle, all over. It surprised him how much sensation there was and
the eroticism was far from abating. The odd flick of leather at his balls
kept him on his toes, in more ways than one. If only he could get free.

“Enjoying this, aren’t you? Surprised? Is it not fun, being dominated
by a woman?”

Steve squirmed at that one.

“A big strong man like you.”

Pause. Slap, slap.

“Now a slut, tied, chained and panting for a flogging or to have his
bum tickled!”

Slap, slap.

Steve was panting around his gag. He moaned to be let free.

“I tell you what. I am in the shop for the afternoon, but I am not letting
you go just yet. I have not finished with you. I could tie you to a chair
and park you in the shop front, but that would be a little cruel even for
me.” Zoë was in fact capable of cruelty beyond that but time enough
to push the boundaries.

“So you are to be left to consider your position. I could simply leave
you hanging here and plug you up with a vibrator. Hmm that would be fun.
I have one here with a remote.” Steve’s eyes bulged as Zoë fondled
him again, briefly. With those slender hands in soft latex gloves.

“No, I think some simple bondage for you. Some rope and chains. Chains
fit for a slave.”

Zoë gave him another five minutes of massage before moved away
from him to prepare a bondage table. Three silver chains were clipped to
hooks in the ceiling beam above the table, which was raised on small pneumatic
jacks. All but one chain reached the floor. Steve watched, in fascinated
horror. Zoë returned to release his ankles from the spreader bar.

“Now, don’t try anything silly,” she giggles. “To ensure your submission,
you collar is locked on. Anyway how far would you get outside with just
that on?”

Steve had no intention of leaving. He was aroused, fascinated by this
lovely creature and curious about how it would end. He had given bondage
games a passing thought in the past but knew June would not be up to it.
He grinned to himself at the thought. Zoë released the pulley and
unclipped Steve’s cuffs from the chain. He stretched and rubbed stiff muscles.
Little did he know that what he was to experience would test him to the
limit of his endurance and strength. Had he known, his attitude may have
been a little different.

“Lie down on the bench, on your back.” Steve complied.

“Legs up!”

Steve raised one leg so he was bending at the waist. Zoë padlocked
the ankle cuff onto one chain, as far up as she could and motioned for
Steve to raise his other leg. She secured Steve’s wrists to each side of
the bench with a length of rope. Once again, he was completely helpless.
A new device was introduced to Steve, a parachute. This was clipped securely
around his scrotal sac, beneath his very hard and throbbing penis. The
fit was tight, firm but not uncomfortable.

With that, she took the third length of chain, a fine silver one and
pulling it tight she clipped it to the parachute chains.

She untied his wrists next and indicating for him to sit up, she locked
the loose ends of the leg chains to his wrist cuffs, as far up as she could. 
Zoë then pushed him back, which tightened the chains and extended
his arms. Once secured, she lowered the table slightly, the effect was
to raise Steve’s rear into the air slightly and suspending him from ankles
and with his arms locked into a stretched position with just his shoulders
resting lightly on the bench. The pressure on his balls was excruciating,
the chain attached to his sac was short. Secure in the ring of leather,
his balls were pulled out and up. She slipped a spreader bar onto the long
chains, just above his ankles and clipped it in place, ensuring that he
could not close his legs. Finally, she slipped a blindfold over his eyes.

“How does that feel?” she asked him, as she ran her hand up and down
his very stiff penis, teasing him to the edge.

He whimpered around the gag, trying to plead for some relief.

“You are here for the afternoon, so don’t struggle. Time for you to
confess your kinks and fetishes. I want to know about your fantasies later
so here is time to think about them.” She laughed at his obvious discomfort.
“See you later duck!”

Steve was really stuck for words. He quickly realised that to struggle
for release only increased the pressure on his genitals. Any way, he was
locked into the cuffs and locked onto chains with no way out without keys.
By pulling on the chains with his arms, he could relieve the pressure and
that was as far as it went. The chains were implacable and impersonal,
shiny and relentless, a symbol of his new found status: Sex slave. He groaned
at that one. What would Lady Zoë want of him next?

The afternoon passed very slowly for Steve. He was stuck and alone,
in complete silence and blind. Enforced inactivity for a man of action
was torture alone without the chains and pain. His mind was concentrated
on his situation with no room for stray thoughts. His muscles ached at
first with the strain then his arm muscles began to scream with the effort
of supporting himself. Slowly, he gave up the fight; the pressure on his
genitals was re-established, as intense as ever, relentless, releasing
endorphins that washed through his system in a way that rugby training
never managed. He began to drift, helpless, a man of responsibilities,
and a decision-maker, in control (normally), powerful and decisive; now
reduced to being chained like a slave.

He was jerked back by Zoë returning briefly to check on him. She
massaged his penis back to a full erection, judging the edge, then wandering
back out of the room. He screamed in frustration through the gag, so pumped
full of unfamiliar endorphin rushes. He struggled briefly.

Eventually, the end came after several more visits. Steve had drifted
away on a wave of erotic pain, bitter-sweet emotions that finally relaxed
him so he was no longer fighting his bonds. The pain in his genitals had
settled to a dull sensation, dulled by chemical rushes, only intensified
by Zöe’s visits when she teased and tugged at him, heightening the
tension and frustration. This pain felt oh so good and it was this discovery
that shocked Steve the most.

Eventually, Steve was released from the parachute falling back with
a sigh of relief, his arms pulled taut and straining. She firmly massaged
his seemingly bruised and tender genitals. This time it was different,
he felt a smooth silky sensation as she rubbed a lubricant over and around
his balls. She increased the sensation on his erect penis, bringing him
to the edge and then back, sometimes running a latex-clad finger over his
tip, sometimes around and over his anus. He was too tired to struggle.

“Lie back and take it, luv.” She whispered in his ear, quite unnecessarily.
Five minutes of intense activity was all Steve could take, he came with
force, considerably more so than in the past. She continued her ministrations
for another minute before stopping. She left him.

\*\*\*

The price for his adventure went beyond the cost of his new jeans. The
experience left him bruised and physically worn for a few days after, enough
for him to put in a very lack-lustre performance on the rugby field and
for June to stare at him intently and comment that he was overworking.
Overworking!

It was not Zoë that finally released him from his bonds. Carol
appeared with keys and a designer bag in yellow containing his new jeans.
Steve realised that there was something masculine about Carol’s hands as
he was released but was too tired to care at that point. It came back to
him later that Carol was definitely strange. In a deeper than normal voice
(for a woman) Carol had informed him that Lady Zoë might demand his
presence again and he was to be alert for her command which may be by email,
telephone or some other method of communication. He was to comply. He decided
that he would, as melodramatic as the message had been, respond to her
wishes. During his enforced period of thinking time, he realised that the
experience was the most intense and erotic he had ever known. He wondered
how he was going to deal with the pain.

Zoë did command his presence, twice before Christmas and once in
the January after. The scenes were as intense as the first but all very
different. One involved the promised vibrating butt plug, inserted as he
was chained to the ceiling beam, rising on his toes to try and defeat the
relentless silicone invader. Finally his anus opened to admit it, stretching
as the wide part was pushed gently but firmly past his sphincter and into
the space beyond. It felt huge as his muscles closed around the neck.

“Relax!” Zoë had demanded, “It’s only a small one. For training
I will use some progressively larger ones later!” He groaned at that and
the sensations that were to stimulate him for most of the day. What he
did not realise is the more he struggled, the more he resisted Zöe’s
attentions, the more she loved it. Playing right into her hands and pushing
her into top space, driving her to consider more and more torture that
could elicit similar reactions.

After Christmas, she played a torture game with him, strapping him to
a chair and fitting the dreaded parachute. He was blindfolded but not gagged.
She brushed different materials on his skin and demanded that he identify
them. A wrong answer would see weights added to his parachute. Correct
answers earned a reward or so he thought because as he identified silk
correctly, Zoë applied a clip to his left nipple. He screamed with
the sudden pain of it.

“That’s your reward,” she explained. “You ARE a pain slut, that IS what
you crave, isn’t it?”

 His concentration was soon well offline as he rode the endorphin
rush of pain from nipples (clamped and weighted), parachute weighted by
a kilo of cold metal and the application of clothes pegs to various parts
of his erect penis (clipped on around the top of his foreskin).

He was left for several hours until released by the ever-present Carol,
whose masculine hands brushed over his testicles, nipples and penis as
he was relieved of the weights and clamps, one at a time, shooting a fresh
stab of pain as circulation was restored. He considered it strange to be
released by a TV man, part of the game of humiliating the submissive male.
In real life he would not wish to be touched in such a way by another man,
no matter how erotically. But here, in this room, dungeon or whatever it
is called, it seemed quite normal, even desirable. Certainly erotic, and
he was ashamed of his body’s reactions that left little to the imagination.
The corruption of Steve’s strait-laced MCP attitudes was progressing.

The premature end to the adventures came one afternoon in February.
Well, shortly afterwards to be precise. For Zoë, in a mood because
of the bad weather, rain and lack lustre business in the dead time after
Christmas was not prepared to let a submissive test her authority. For
Steve, making the mistake of riding a wave of euphoria right into the shop
after securing a huge order, paid the price for not being as attentive
or obedient as he should. Zoë finally secured him over a bench, gagged
him with an inflatable gag that stretched his mouth out of shape. She flogged
him with a black rubber flogger that stung and brought red blotches to
his back and buttocks. She swapped it for a plastic flogger of thin flails
that really made Steve yelp through his gag. She moved onto school cane
and lexon cane, finally pushing him over the edge into deep sub space at
the cost of red welts over the back of his legs and backside. Welts that
would not disappear in a couple of hours.

She threw the cane to one side, grabbed a bright purple dildo shaped
plug and pushed it hard into Steve, tying it firmly into place with a thin
rope before storming out. Steve remained tied in that position for the
remainder of the day, being released by Carol who seemed to take more than
would be considered a reasonable time over removing the butt plug. Steve
was horrified over the marks on his body. How the hell would he hide these
from June? Zoë was nowhere to be found in the shop.

So his wife found out about his more unusual sales appointments in Salford.
Barely had he removed his shirt when undressing for bed that night when
she spotted the marks. Turning his back to the light she examined them
closely.

“What on earth?” She exclaimed. Steve tried to squirm out of her grasp
but she held his arm firmly. “Steve…”

“Um,” was about as far as he got before she slapped him hard on the
face, twice.

“You stupid bastard!” she yelled at him. “Get out” out, out, OUT!”

Steve retreated to the hall before realising that a fuller retreat might
be in order. Hell, this was a right pickle he was in. How could he explain
all this? He paused that the bedroom door to catch what he thought were
the sounds of June weeping. Should he go in? No, better leave it until
the morning. Grabbing a wrinkled shirt out of the laundry basket, he left
the house.

June paused from her muffled laughter to catch the sound of the back
door closing. Oh god but he is priceless. Was he so stupid that he had
thought she had not guessed? She had, weeks ago. To begin with, June had
taken her best friend and shopping companion, Mary, into her confidence.

“An affair?” Mary had exclaimed, getting the wrong end of the stick.

“I thought so. He was lacking in energy, pre-occupied and then I found
a bag in the boot of the car – from an Italian leather clothing shop in
Manchester.”

Mary looked interested.

“It was a pair of cut Italian leather trousers, really beautiful. I
did not know Steve had it in him. He never buys clothes. But leathers!
Then I checked the web site and it was enough to make your eyes water.”
Carol had played a trick on Steve by handing him his new jeans in a bag
that had the bondage gear site written on it and not the usual shop address.

Mary goggled and then laughed.

“Your Steve is normally such a wuss! Leather jeans, oh, you don’t think…”

“What do you think? A fetish? Looking at that web site, even you would
be shocked at the stuff.”

“I would love to see him in them,” said Mary, “in chains. Very sexy!”

June shot her a look. “I think someone, somewhere in Manchester HAS
seen him in them, and in chains. He has some rub marks on his wrists. Not
from training can tell you. Bruises and friction burns, yes, but not like
those on his wrists.

Mary laughed and then bit it off when she saw the look on June’s face.

“This is serious, June,” she gasped in mock horror. “Your Steve’s into
the scene? Probably too ashamed of his fantasies to tell you.”

The plotting that followed, between two close friends in a discreet
corner of a Leeds coffee shop would have put Steve’s hair on end. But June
knew she needed proof before putting the plan into place. Mary had been
in the scene for years and had talked at length to June about her interests
after June discovered some unusual items during a casual visit to June’s
house. Steve was completely unaware that his apparently staid wife was
sharing some interesting experiences with her best friend over coffee.

June smothered another giggle, worried about disturbing the kids. Now
she had proof and ammunition. In a cupboard was a box of things Mary has
chosen with her on a shopping trip. A shopping trip with a difference.
Mary loaned her a few of the more expensive items. “Better to see how things
go before you invest any real money.” she said.

When Steve returned furtively to the house the next morning to shave
and shower before driving to work, he found June sitting in the kitchen.
Partially out of sight behind the table was a large box with a black cloth
over it. It was not that that caught his attention but the clothes she
wore – a tight Spandex dress in black with a slight sheen to it. It emphasised
her body. Then he noted the expression on her face. Not just of anger but
of hunger. He had seen that look before but never in his own kitchen.

“Morning,” he bluffed.

“Just shut it Steve, and get on your knees.” He looked surprised. “Time
for a quick chat, but I am doing the talking. Now then, I know. That’s
it. Why could you not tell me of your desires?

Steve goggled. He was not been aware of these ‘desires’ or any other
until a few short weeks ago. Even then, he was unsure.

She stepped forward and grabbed his hair. “On your knees! Payback time.
I think you owe me an apology and a debt. The apology is easy, the debt
is not. The debt will take some working off. All these years of crap sex
when all the time you have been getting your rocks off on leather, whips
and bondage.”

She removed the cloth from the box to reveal a steel cage sitting on
small casters. Big enough to hold a man. Just big enough. Certainly not
a pet cage, Steve realised with growing apprehension.

“Get in!” she demanded.

“Oh my god,” he thought. He made to protest. She kicked him, painfully,
in the back of the legs.

“Darling, are you going to do as you are told or do I have to…” June
brandished a thick cane.

“No, no,” he gasped, completely taken aback at this transformation.
As the door clicked shut behind him, he considered his steel prison. The
bars were three inches apart with steel loops. All coated in a black rubbery
material he noted.

“Now undress and push your clothes through the bars.”

“June…” he protested.

“If you want out of there at some time this year, you had better do
as you are told.” He complied with difficulty in the confined space.

“Now give me your hands.”

He pushed them through the rather narrow bars of the cage. June wrapped
a length of dull black chain around his wrists and pushed a large padlock
through the links. In the confined space, he was uncomfortably kneeling
on the hard floor in a crouching position. June passed the cane through
the bars behind him and scratched the end between his cheeks, teasing him
briefly.

“I am having a small gathering of friends for coffee,” she informed
him as she pushed the cage on its casters into the living room. “I think
my latest piece of furniture will cause a stir. They all might want a piece.
I shall leave some canes nearby should any of them want to prod the tiger
in its cage.”

Steve flushed at the thought. He found it humiliating to be pushed around
his own home in a cage by his wife. To be displayed naked and unshaven,
caged and bound, in front of her coffee morning friends was so completely
horrifying that he was overwhelmed with remorse for his behaviour and begged
for forgiveness.

“Oh give over, it’s a blessing in disguise. The perfect excuse I have
been wanting all these years to bang you out of your complacency. So get
used to it, my love, this is just the start. Now I have to get ready for
my guests.” With that the cloth was thrown over the cage and Steve was
left uncomfortably to consider what exotic torture his wife may have in
store for him.

-------------End.
