---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sophie_and_mark4.html
title: Sophie and Mark
authors:
- Twisted Smile
tags:
- F-m
- mpov
- bond
- rope
- strip
- hogtie
- gag
- oral
- cons
- X
date: 2026-04-26 00:00:00
---

### 4. Steer

#### **Yeehaw**

"Too much…"

I'd opened the door to find Sophie in a pink, bedazzled cowboy hat.

"…t's from Zara's hen-do."

I snorted. "Get in here," and pulled her inside, and gave her a squeeze.

We didn't get together at my place that often. I mean, I lived in a ‘modest’ flat, and she had a whole damn house. But a change of scenery is always nice, and there was an excellent Indian take-away just up the road.

She dropped her overnight bag on the bedroom floor. "I brought toys," she said giddily, pulling out bundles of rope. "These ones had really good reviews. Feel how soft…

They were black ropes, something synthetic, maybe a half-inch thick. And they really were surprisingly soft.

"Can't have my baby getting rope burns," she smiled sweetly, "what would the neighbours say!"

She was so good to me.

"So, you little perv, you wanna get hogtied?"

"Yes, ma’am," I said with a cowboy drawl, "rope me up."

She laughed, "you keep talking like that, I might not ever let you go."

#### **Yoga**

She pulled me close, pressed her lips against mine. She pulled off my t-shirt, as our tongues tangled, and tossed it away. I took her cowboy hat, and was about to drop it on the bed, when she grabbed it off me, "careful, that’s bad luck," and pressed it onto my head.

She pulled her top off, and I laughed when I realised she was wearing a cow-print bra. "Now that is too much."

"Shut up, you love it."

I did, to be fair.

"Alright," she spun me around, bringing my hands together behind my back. "Keep them there." She picked up a small bundle of rope, unwrapped it, and straightened it out, trying to find the center.

She looped the rope around my wrists, pulling it snug. As she worked, I stretched and wiggled my fingers backwards, and when I grazed her crotch, "hey!" she jumped, "behave, you," and slapped my fingers. I giggled (worth it).

When she was done with my wrists, she turned me back around. "How's that feel, not too tight? No numbness?"

"Nope."

"Perfect," and grinned as she took the hat back off me, and pushed me onto the bed. I laid awkwardly on top of my bound arms. She unbuckled my jeans and stripped me naked, then ran her finger along my stiffening cock, making me squirm. "Turnabout's fair play," she said with a wink.

She took off her own jeans, revealing a matching pair of cow-print pants. My cowgirl…She could be so cute. She climbed on top of me, sitting on my stomach. She pushed the hat backwards on her head, and leaned in close, her hands on my cheeks, her tongue in my mouth.

She turned into a reverse cowgirl. She pulled my knees up, my heels against my butt, and wrapped another length of rope around my ankles. Her crotch rubbed against my cock as she worked. I tried not to think about it. Was she doing it on purpose? I didn't want to end the game so soon - but, God damn, she wasn't making it easy.

"Still good?"

"Yes…"

She climbed off and looked down on me, exposed and helpless, and got that old mischievous look. She took the opportunity to run her fingers over me, teasing me like that night with the chains. And as I squirmed, I could only hope that this time wasn’t going to end the same way.

"Okay,” she said, “now the fun part. Hope you did your stretches!"

Erm…/p>

With a little help, she rolled me over onto my stomach, squashing my frustrated erection against the bed. She raised my ankles, looped a length of rope around my ankle ropes, around my wrist ropes, and pulled.

"Think you can go tighter?" she asked.

"We can try."

Slowly, firmly, she pulled the rope tighter. My back arched, until my wrists were almost touching my heels. My shoulders, my knees were raised off the bed. My thighs stretched, my shoulders strained, my lower back squeezed. Not an inch of mercy.

"Maybe not…" I winced. I couldn't have held that position for very long.

"Boo… She eased the ropes. My knees relaxed back down onto the bed, my back straightened. "We’ll have to work on that." There was still plenty of tension, not much wiggle room, but a comfortable compromise.

"Yeah,” I said, “that's good."

She tied off the rope, then stepped back to admire her work. "Wow. Yeah. I’m gonna need a picture of this. Look over here…" She was holding up her phone. "Come on, baby, try to look like you're having fun!" I gave an awkward smile. "Beautiful." She dropped the cowboy hat on my head, "yeah, this'll make a great wallpaper."

I’m…choosing to believe that was a joke.

"Oh! I almost forgot, I brought another toy." She pushed the hat down over my eyes, "no peeking…

#### **Yar**

She sat up on the bed, my head between her legs. She lifted the hat, and I was face-to-face with her naked crotch. She’d draped over it…it looked like the ballgag, except that instead of a rubber ball, there was a black ring in the middle, a couple inches wide.

"It's called a ring-gag (for obvious reasons). You're gonna love it!"

She pushed the ring into my mouth flat, then turned it, levering my mouth open, until the ring was upright. My jaw stretched, the hard ring resting behind my incisors, my teeth pressed into the leather that wrapped the ring. She buckled the strap tight behind my head; it wasn't going anywhere.

I tried to hold my tongue inside my mouth, but when I didn’t think about it my tongue would dangle loose. It just felt more natural. She stuck a finger in my defenseless mouth, and ran it along my tongue. "That won't do… Breathing was drying out my mouth, "but don't worry, I've got something that'll help."

She reached aside for something, and while she wasn't paying attention, I turned my head slightly, moistened my tongue with what saliva I had, and licked her bare inner thigh. She shuddered; that got her attention. She pulled my chin up to look her in the eye, "you're being very cheeky today." I tried to look innocent. She’d probably make me regret it, but I couldn’t resist.

She rubbed something, a cold, thick liquid onto my tongue. It tasted of strawberries, a little sour. Kinda nice. And it did the trick. With my mouth forced open, I could only let the saliva flow.

She took the hat back off me, onto her head. She shifted down the bed, arranged my face so that my idle tongue pressed against her cunt. She didn't need to say anything - my task was clear.

"Mmmmm…up a bit."

Not that I didn't appreciate directions. I traced my tongue around her folds and over her smooth ridges, picturing her topology as I stalked her clit.

"Up, up! Yeah…Just there, stay there. Mmmm…

With the ropes, it was hard to move my head without shifting my whole body. I tensed my back and pushed with my knees. And if my cock happened to rub against the bed while I was pleasuring her? Well, that was fine with me.

"Oh god, oh yeah, faster, faster, oh fuck…

I tightened my tongue to a firm point, circling, and flicking, faster and faster.

"Yeah, like that, like that, don't stop…"

Her thighs tightened around my cheeks. She grabbed the back of my head with both hands.

"MMMMmmmaaaaaahhh, fuuUUUUUuuuuck."

Her hips were grinding against my face, and I was just trying to keep up. It didn't matter, she was in control now. I just had to hold my tongue. Her legs now fully wrapped around my head, and I was being smothered by her pleasure.

"Yes! Yes, oh fuck… Ooooooooooooh…

She took a deep breath. Her whole body tensed. I felt her vibrating. And then…She threw her head back with a long exhale. Then breathing heavy, panting, her body spasming with waves of release. She started to laugh.

Her grip loosened, and I could breathe again. My face drenched, my head still embraced between her thighs. I glanced up at her face. I always loved the way she looks after an orgasm. Lost in the glow, her guard down. Heartachingly sincere. Sophie…I could really see myself--

"Mmmmm… she sighed as she caught my eye, "good job".

She smiled warmly, and placed a hand on my face, stroking at my hair with her thumb. We stayed like that for a while, my cheek rested against her thigh. I didn't even care that I was still tied up, that my back was sore, or that my mouth was dripping saliva down her leg. Dignity is overrated.

Until finally, disappointingly, she lifted my head out of the way, and climbed out of bed. She kissed me on the cheek, then gave my butt a playful slap - the shock of it bringing me back to the present.

"Your turn."

#### **Yellow**

She pushed at me, rocking me side to side, building up momentum, until she could roll me onto my side - exposing my soft underbelly, and my not so soft cock.

She had a habit of gripping too tight, and she was pulling unusually fast and hard, as if she were rushing to get it over with. Not that I was in a position to complain. Not that I minded too much.

I strained against my bonds. I thrust my hips against her grasp (as much as I could). The ropes, as soft as they were, rubbed and pulled at my wrists. The feeling of being restrained…It was thrilling. The tension building, her stroke relentless.

I closed my eyes tight, my teeth dug into the layer of leather that wrapped the metal ring in my mouth. My prostate spasmed, my body jolting in time, over and over, pouring what felt like an endless flow of cum.

But her grip, as tight as ever, the same vigor, she wasn't stopping.

My dick was electric, a raw nerve, shocking through my body with her every pull. How long was she going to keep this up? I was thrashing about. I couldn’t read her face. Was she enjoying this?

But it wasn’t fun for me. I couldn’t stand it. I didn't want to spoil her fun, but…"ee-eh-oh."

She seemed surprised. But she understood. And with an apologetic look, slowed her hand, loosened her grip until it was just a finger gently running up and down my retreating member. Then stopped. She looked at her hand for a second, rubbed her fingers together. "Look what a mess you made." She was back in character, smiling that wicked smile.

"Tongue," she commanded. She crouched by my head, and ran her fingers across my mouth - my tongue, still numb, trying to lick - tasting my own cum. She put her fingers in my mouth, and I did my best to make them clean.

I wanted to swallow it. For her. But I couldn’t make my throat do it. The gag…I guess. She unbuckled the gag and carefully twisted and pulled it from my aching jaw, the leather clinging to my teeth. She kissed me, stuck her tongue in my mouth - sharing saliva, sharing the load. She was so good to me.

She got dressed. "Oh, by the way," she said, leaving the room, "don't think I didn't notice you humping the bed earlier."

Oh fuck. Where was she going? Had she brought the chastity cage? “It wasn’t what it looked like! It was…rdquo; no use. I couldn’t deny it.

I grasped at my ropes, desperate to find a knot I could pull loose, contorting to try and get a view of the binds. But in my writhing, I lost my balance. I rolled back onto my stomach, feeling a cold wetness on my chest. Laying in the pool of my own cum.

And now, in that position, I had a much harder time stretching to feel at my bonds. Now I was fighting gravity, and I couldn't turn my head far enough to get a look. It was futile. Besides, she’d never let me get away that easily.

"I'm thinking chicken Dhansak." She’d come back holding a take-away menu. "What do you fancy?"

Was… was she fucking with me? "Lamb Passanda?"

"Ooh, good choice. Peshwari naan to share?"

I nodded. She had to be fucking with me…/p>

"Cool." She picked the cowboy hat off the floor - it must have fallen off during her ride - and she put it back over my head. I was in the dark again. "Okay, won't be looong… her teasing voice fading into the distance.

\*Slam\*

Seriously???

… was pretty hungry though. Yeah, I could murder a curry.
