---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Poster Boy
authors:
- Rubberking
tags:
- Solo-M-F
- MF
- latex
- catsuits
- gasmasks
- chatroom
- voy
- tease
- toys
- insert
- mast
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-10-09 00:00:00
---

I guess I should start off by saying that I love rubber clothing.
And having said that, I guess I should add that living in the
central southwest. I don't have much need to wear it outdoors
to ward off the elements.

No. I wear it for one thing and one thing only. Sexual release.
Oh, sure. I wear it to relax sometimes after a hard days work
at the newsstand and I occasionally get to wear it in bad weather
while I offload the papers, books and magazines that are my stock
in trade.

But, mainly I wear it for sex. Shiny rubber gets me off.

In a big way.

I guess it started when I was little and my mom made me wear
a thick rubber raincoat, goulashes and footed rubber rain pants
out to walk the two and a half miles to school when it rained.

By the time I got there. I usually had come in my rubber pants
from the delicious friction.

I was hooked.

And hereby hangs a tail. As they say.

I was sitting on my stool in my kiosk reading a copy of "Rubber
Lovers." Trying to hide my boner as I took the money people
handed me for their copies of the "journal" Etc. And
making change distractedly when I heard a soft, sexy female voice
say over the roar of the street.

"Do you carry "Rubberist" magazine? Or perhaps.
"Dressing for Pleasure?"

My cock leapt to attention as I looked up into the bright
brown eyes of a lovely young thing.

She was dressed in a fine Rubber Mackintosh coat and I saw rubber
stockings poking out from under the hem and wrapping tightly
around a fine pair of legs as I stammered "Y-Yes I do, one
moment Please." My rampant cock had to be colored red and
waving the flag singing "God bless America" as I slid
off the stool and reached below the display ledge and pulled
a copy of each from the stacks that provided me with my personal
stash. "That'll be thirty-eight, fifty. Please." My
face had to have said it all as she smiled and handed me two
twenty's and I handed her her change back.

Her ass took my breath away as she walked away, her heels clicking
on the pavement. I had to close early so I could get home before
I blew my load right there in my shorts and not in the rubber
that it deserved to be in. God she was hot!

I saw her every month like clockwork now, it wasn't until after
Christmas, that I worked up enough nerve to slip my card with
my home phone on it into the latest copy of her "Rubberist"
along with a picture of me in my gear into it and I smiled and
said "No charge this time, Miss. Happy New Year." To
her.

She grinned broadly and thanked me when she saw that I was serious.
I died every minute of the next two days until she called and
left a message on my machine while I was at work.

Click! "Hello? This is Sabrina. I found your card and
your lovely picture and all I can say is Wow! You look great
in your rubber and very hot too. I had thought I was the only
Rubberist in town, even though you were very nice and sweet to
me and it was great to find my kind of magazine at your stand.
I had been going to approach you for a date myself next month,
if you didn't ask soon. Tee Hee. Well, if you want to play with me before next month. Go to the
IAR chat room and ask for "Rubber Witch," see you there.
Bye." Beep.

Now let me add that the Internet has been my constant friend
for the last few years, keeping me out of bars and allowing me
to explore my fetish safely from my own home after I was done
with the nightly bookkeeping. And I was no stranger to the International
Association of rubberists either.

After I had finished a grueling day at the stand, even thought
because of the wet weather. I had gotten to wear my raingear
all day, hauling the papers and mags off the back of the delivery
trucks, had made me sore and I almost didn't check my machine
when I sauntered in for the evening.

I simply stripped off my chest-waders, long rubber storm-coat
and down to my one-piece catsuit with the attached socks, glove's
and cock and ball sheath.

I hit the button as I went past to empty my aching bladder
and did a double take as her unmistakable voice coiled around
my brain. I pulled the tape from the machine and ran a copy of
her message off and went to try to pee through my stiffening
member.

When I got back, I played her lovely voice into my computer
so that I could always hear her when I opened up my browser from
now on.

My cock swelled in its confinement as I logged on and ran down
my bookmarks to get to the site.

I glanced through the conversation strings for a while and
then entered the chat area.

Several other Rubberists' were talking about one thing or another
and I said hello and asked if "Rubber Witch" was around.
Several of the others LOL'd and said we only wish we could find
her. She had been floating around the scene like a ghost for
years. And yet, as they talked about who she was or might be.
A private message came through and beeped softly for him. It
was her.

"I'm glad you came so quickly. I was starting to get
bored sitting here playing by myself. So, you're Rubberking huh?
I've read your stuff before. Not bad. But, work on your punctuation
and spelling O.K.? Well, here we are. Two people in rubber, alone
in this crazy world. Is this like one of your stories or what?
I guess we better go to the private chat area if we're going
to play. It will be public of course, so no real names all right?
Let's go." She typed.

I followed her to the indicated room and logged in. for now
we were the only one's here. Good.

"Well, Rubber Witch. I guess I should start by asking what
a lovely girl like you is wearing tonight? I'll tell you that
I am wearing a catsuit with c&b sheath as I sit here with
you. And by the way "Thank you.""

"Thank me, for what? We have watched each other like
hawks for months now, Rubberking. We both know what we like and
aren't afraid to show it. So, it's I who should thank you for
carrying my lifelines, my magazines. Well, back to it before
I get misty eyed. You know what I look like. I am now wearing
a full-body suit, in pearlescent purple with attached SA-6 hooded
gasmask (I love the sound of my own breathing in it so) feet
and gloves. I am a purple person, not a bit of skin is visible
from the outside and I am wearing a pair of sheath panties too.
With the zipper pulled up to lock in my lovely vibrating friend
inside me. So if I seem to lose my train of thought from time
to time"

"That's fantastic! I wish I was there with you right now,
I would caress your purple body and run my hands over your mask,
gently searching for the way into my little rubber flower and
buzzing madly like the horny bee that I am. Dying to taste your
nectar. Wait a moment, I have to get something". I ran from the
room to my closet and pulled my own gasmask and an open-face
hood from the drawer where I keep my rubber stuff. I usually
am not big on gasmasks. But, this time was an exception.

I ran back into the room and unzipped the front of my suit
enough to pull the hood and mask into place and trying to see
through the restrictive eyepieces, I resumed typing.

"Sorry about that. I thought that I would get my own gasmask
so that I could join you in your fun "Rubber Witch"
now what shall we do since we're all dressed up with nowhere
to go?"

"LOL" she typed back and "I'm thrilled that
you think enough of me to run and get your own and put it on
for me, that's very flattering. You're so sweet. I could just
gobble you up J and I might just later. Well, if we're going
to play, I should know what kinds of lovely rubber things you
have there, shouldn't I? And here's a short list of the things
I have, I think a girl shouldn't give away all of her secrets
right away. Don't you?"

Actually, a very long list beeped in my private mailbox and
I scanned down it marveling at the suits and corsets and sauna
bags she had in her collection and wondered what she could possibly
be leaving out. My fingers flew as I hurried to list my own
smaller collection and send it winging it's way to her. My cock
throbbed in anticipation of our online tryst. She was quiet for
awhile, then typed.

"Well, well. Aren't we a naughty boy, Rubberking. All right
do this first. Take your boned neck-corset, find some small locks
and lock it on. Then, drop the keys in a balloon and fill it
with water and put in the fridge to freeze. I want you unable
to remove your sweaty suit for the rest of the night. Since it's
Friday, you won't need to go anywhere until I tell you and since
the weather's bad, no one should notice anyway. Then come back
to me." I ran to the kitchen and did as she asked, knowing
that I would be locked in my rubber for the night until it thawed
or I broke the ice open to get out. My cock bobbed as I ran back
to my little rubber lover.

I typed. "All right "witch" I've done as you
asked. Now what? J"

She asked if I had video and audio capabilities and I said yes
and started it up in order to let her feed whatever she wanted
to me in another window.

Her vision appeared on my screen, true enough. She was a purple
vision in rubber. She stood and turned for me and let me see
her in her gasmask, suit and a pair of crotch-high pull-on black
rubber high-heeled boots. She blew me a kiss from her rubber
covered fingers and sat again.

I did the same and returned the kiss and typed. "My, you
look lovely tonight. Why don't you wear that to come see me at
the stand some night?"

The figure shook with popping laughter and her fingers flew.
"And what would you do if I did? You certainly wouldn't
get any work done that day. LOL. I guess I would have to step
in and give my newsman some relief, wouldn't I? But, back to
business. Show me how you play with your cock when you are home
alone at night. And look what I'm doing now, join me Rubberking.
I want your seed in that sleeve of yours before we go any further
tonight." Her figure sat back and she pulled down the zipper
at the crotch of her suit and from inside her rubber sleeved
pussy, a long, thick dildo shot out into her rubber covered hand
as I wrapped my own hands around my throbbing shaft and began
to work it up and down, mesmerized by her actions on the screen
before me.

Soon her head was rolling back and forth, her hand flew, plunging
the lucky rubber dick into her love-pit with her booted legs
spread, the heels caught on the edge of the computer table in
front of her. I watched orgasms rack her small body as she masturbated
upon my screen. I must have looked a sight myself, my hand jerking
like mad to try to keep up with her as I shot my seed into my
sheath for what had to be the fifth time since we started. Sweat
pooled in my suit from my exertions. I was getting uncomfortable
from the sweat and my frustrated that I wasn't fucking the living
daylights out of her right then.

She must have sensed my frustrated lust. She slid the dildo
back into her and pulled up the zipper and sat up close to the
keyboard again.

"Well, my rubber loverboy. Frustrated? Want to be plugging
away with the big dick of yours?" she held her finger up
and wagged it back and forth in a negative fashion. "no,
no, no. not yet anyway. You've thrilled me to no end. But, I
want to tease you for a while yet so I'm going to sign off for
now. Don't worry, I'll be thinking of you as I lay down to sleep.
And by the way, I'm locked in too. So neither of us will be taking
off our wonderful rubber off tonight. Will we? I'll meet you
here in the morning and we'll talk some more and maybe, just
maybe. We'll meet for lunch. All right? See you then lover. Ciao."

Her screen name vanished, leaving me with just the last frozen
frame of her in her rubber and her legs spread in her chair before
me. I was in a rage of lust and almost ripped the computer apart
in frustration. Yet, somehow I controlled my shaking frame and
sat back, idly stroking myself back to erection again as I thought
about her and looking at the erotically charged woman in the picture
in front of me.

I spent the night marinating in my own juices. Dreaming fitfully
of my rubber witch in her purple suit and gasmask. I had to,
it seemed as I was locked in my own suit and couldn't get out
without breaking the ice in the balloon or ripping my expensive
suit. I must have shot off at least three more times during the
night and awoke to a beeping coming from my computer. I staggered
to it and sat down, sweat and cum sloshing around distractingly
inside the torso and legs. I had mail.

"Good morning lover." It said, "when you get
this. Log on and meet me in our chat room for more fun. O.K.?
Sabrina. "the Rubber Witch"." She was a witch
all right, she had bewitched me for sure as I logged on and entered
the room.

She was there already, chatting idly with one of the other
Rubberist's about how love in rubber was the ultimate experience
and how she thought she had found a prime candidate when she
saw I was listening in and sent me a private message.

"Hello lover. Good morning again, did you dream of me?
Locked away in my sweaty rubber suit just like you and being
driven slowly crazy by my fantasies of you? I'm fairly swimming
in my love juices as I sit here typing. Your keys should be thawed
out by now. So, why don't you unlock yourself and shower and
meet me at Harvey's hot dog stand in an hour. Wear your rubber,
it's wet outside. See you there. kiss, kiss. "Rubber witch"."
It read. Intrigued again, I retrieved my keys and showered. My
skin was puckered from the sweat bath and the smell of old sperm
and sweat was thick in the bathroom as I got out and dried off
and let my skin breathe for a while.

This time I wore a simple black rubber catsuit with gloves and
feet and I had to use some K-Y to feed my cock into the sleeve
of a pair of rubber bike shorts with attached c&b sheath
that I pulled on underneath the suit.

I found my thigh waders, belted them on and wrapped my stormcoat
around myself as I walked out the door to met my date for lunch.

She stood in the rain wearing a red rubber raincoat, a floppy
red rubber rain hat covering her wet brown hair. As she turned
to me wearing a big smile, I saw that beneath it she had on a
knee length rubber dress and she had pulled on the same black
rubber high-heeled thigh boots she had worn last night.

"Hungry?" she asked.

"More than you know." I answered as she handed me a
smoked sausage done just the way that Harvey knows I like it
with 'kraut and onions and the sauce that Earl Cambell made
famous. She paid for us and thanked Harvey as we turned and walked
as we ate. I didn't realize how hungry I was until I bit into
the dog. It vanished down my throat as we turned the corner and
she looked at me shyly from the corner of her eye as she chewed.

"You left me so frustrated last night I almost destroyed
my computer. Do you always have that effect on the men you date.
Sabrina?" I asked her as she finished her own meal and wiped
daintily at the corners of her mouth with a napkin she pulled
from a pocket.

She spun and wrapped her arms around my chest under my stormcoat,
holding me tightly as she looked up into my green eyes from her
own brown ones.

"Silly, don't you know how rare us rubberist's are. You
are the first man I've really talked to like this in six years.
I stalked you like a panther for the last six months hoping that
you would ask me out. And you are the first man I've played with
over the 'net for the last two years. I'm crazy about you and
I don't even know your name. Isn't that a kick in the head?"
The smell of lilacs and her warm rubber was driving me nuts again
and I answered. "For the record. Yes, we are rarer than
hen's teeth. You are the first woman I've ever found that loves
rubber as much as I do, maybe more. And my name is John, by the
way. So, where do we go from here? Do you want to get to know
me better. Or do you just want me to throw down right here on the
street? You turn me on like gangbusters baby and I mean that.
So, what now?"

"Just hold me like this for awhile O.K. It's been such
a long time since a man held me in his arms like I meant something
to him. It feels so, so good." She slipped her gloved hand
to my neck and bent me down. We met in a kiss I will remember
for the rest of my unnatural life. My whole being was drawn into
her lips as she kicked up her heel.

We went out and watched a movie. Some comedy that was forgettable
as we sat with my arm about her, like any of the other couples
there. Her hand playing in my crotch occasionally, making sure
my attention was firmly fixed on her and not the movie as we
ate popcorn and sipped cokes and whispered to each other.

When the movie was over. We went to a nice french restaurant
and had dinner, chatting about our family's and getting to know
one and other better. She was a patent lawyer for the law firm
across the street from my stand. That was how she had found me,
she said. She watched me in my rain gear as I worked. She had
seen that I sold other men in the law firm copies of Rubberist
and she had let her subscription lapse so that she could get
it from me. We laughed when she let out that last 'Faux Pas'.

After dinner she had me walk her back to her place. I was a
sea of conflicting emotions when she said she was going to tease
me again for another night. She would meet me in the chat room
for another round of self-gratifaction in an hour and a half.
She kissed me again in that searing way and smiled coyly as she
walked up the steps to her apartment. I was stunned, and more
horny that I had ever been in my entire life up to that point.
My thoughts were disjointed as I walked home, the rain driving
down on my rubber. My cock hard as a rock beneath the catsuit
and coat.

Entering my apartment, I shucked my coat and hung it in the
bathroom along with my waders to dry and sat back down at the
computer.

Pausing a moment, I got back up and went in search of my most
bizarre outfit.

I found it after looking at the back of my closet for a few
minutes. Another shower was in order and I luxuriated under
the water for a minute before drying off and spreading talcum
on me and inside the suit.

I had bought it a few years before, on a lark. When I had to
go to Europe on business. It had seemed to reach out to me from
across the store. They normally dealt only with custom made items
and had made this for someone my size who had never came to pick
it up.

The overthick double-layers were inflatable all over. It was
shoulder entry and had hook-ups for a tens unit scattered all
over it. It was a prototype VR sex suit. Vacuum operated suckers
positioned themselves over a man's small nipples and his electrified,
sleeved manhood sat inside a flapper-operated vacuum tube that
would literally suck the sperm from his prick.

The mask had tubes running from the mouth and nostrils, small
computer monitors were fixed six inches from the wearer's eyes
in the mask, a small prism deflected light upwards to allow the
wearer to see the keyboard to type. Other than that the eye screens
let in the only light. He had never used it.

He had a beast of a time getting into it by himself. But, finally
he sat at his computer, hooked up the essential wiring, pulled
the mask into place, fed the nose tubes to an oxygen tank and
the mouth tube to a drip water bottle and logged on to find her.

The stereo vision was disorienting, he saw the chat room appear
before his eyes and another smaller window opened below it. There
she was, chatting with another guest. He sent her a private query
and her rubber clad figure swam into his vision. "Hello
dear, how do you like me now?" he typed.

"What the hell is that?" she asked, obviously pleased
and curious.

"It's a prototype VR suit I found in Europe a few years
back. Like it? Now you can make me do anything you want me to
from your own computer. I sent a copy of the operating program
to you just now. Open it and have fun, you have me by the balls,
literarily." He typed.

"Well, Hello nurse! I do, don't I? Where can I get one
of these? This is great! I'm jealous as hell now! Let's see what
this baby can do shall we." She typed commands into the
keyboard and he felt a tingling start flowing in ripples across
his groin and skin as it came to life.

"Maybe you had better strap yourself down dear heart. I
don't want you getting away from me when I get going" she
typed and he reached out and secured himself to the chair with
some bicycle tube he had brought in for that purpose. He was
all hers now. He typed in, "Secured and ready for blast off.
I put a key under the mat in case anything goes wrong. My address
is in the program packet. I have enough oxygen in the tank for
twenty-four hours and enough water for the night. Please come
and let me out of this later, I'm putting myself completely in
your loving hands. My beautiful Rubber Witch. I love you."

"Oh my god. "she typed, "you mean your dependent
on outside oxygen and water? This is scary, Darling. I don't
really want to hurt you! Can you contact me with something, like
a safe word in case of trouble?" he tapped a button on the
palm of his hand that would signal her if he became unconscious.
A light flashed at the corner of the screen. "there, that
means I'm knocked out and to come get me O.K.?" he typed.

"This is the wildest thing I've ever done "rubberking"
can we let the rest of the group in on it? I'll take you around
the block as it were and kick the tire's, then I'll come save
you. God this is exciting! I love you so much for trusting me
this way. All right, I've called in the troops and filled them
in - here we go. And here's me. Hope you like my outfit too. See
you soon." She answered.

A jolt hit his balls and his cock hit record hardness as the
electricity flowed across the shaft like hundreds of tiny mouths,
licking and sucking on his prick as the vacuum pump came to life
and began to gave him the best blowjob he had ever had. The
suckers on his nipples began working and they were painfully drawn
to rigid erection.

His vision swam with Sabrina's now black suited form. Red trim
outlined her bared nipples, pussy, eyes, nose and mouth. Her
suit had high-heels built into it and she sat typing with one
hand and plunging a huge black rubber dildo into her glistening
shaved cunt with the other as his skin felt like it was on fire
and he jerked about wildly in his seat.

She talked directly to him now through the ear-pieces in his
suit. She ran her hand out and over the screen, making it seem
that she was stroking him through it.

"Oh my darling man. Can you feel me touching you? Can you
feel me jerking on your hard, hard cock as you sit, restrained
in that chair? Do like me? Wouldn't you just love to stick that
giant cock of yours in where this poor substitute is now? My
god, darling. Where had you been keeping that baseball bat all
day? It looks so scrumptious, I've just got to have it."

Her body seemed to float over to him and settle in his lap,
her virtual hand came down and guided his seemingly two foot
long cock into her slot and she screamed shrilly as she slid
down it's incredible length. She started ramming her hips up
and down on it with jack-hammer force, he wouldn't last long
at this rate. That was for sure.

She seemed to twist and turn in ways the human body simply could
not and he felt her raking her fingernails across his chest.
Her boobs grew and she stuck one of the watermelon sized jugs'
nipples into his mouth for him to suck on.

He was quickly rising to a thunderous climax as she continued
to grind up and down on his obscene prick. She reached under
him and be gain to milk his balls with her hand as she did so.

"Fuck me Darling! Stick your cock into my very soul!
Make the head pop out of my mouth with your thrusts! I want your
cum, baby! I want it now! Give it to me! GIVE IT TO ME!!"
she screamed as she threw herself down on his quivering cock.
He blew! And it just kept on and on!

His body tore itself loose from the chair and her vision
of him disappeared from his own as he fell over. He lay twitching
on the floor as he continued to pump cum into the sleeve, he
couldn't get up, he was so weak. His muscles bunched up in charly-horse's
as he pulled into a fetal position and sobbed from the exertion.

He must have dozed off for a few minutes. He was awakened
by the sound of his door banging as it was being thrown open
and in moments his head was cradled in someone's arms and he
felt his mask being removed.

"JOHN! John are you all right?! Speak to me darling!
JOHN! WAKE UP!" she slapped his face hard as he tried to
float back off into the blissful world he had been in. But,
she would have none of that. She swam into view, she was truly
beautiful to see.

His face stung from her worried slaps as he sat up and with
a broad smile, he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her
deeply. He kissed the tears of fear and worry from her soft face
and asked her to close the door. She did and then helped him
to his feet and walk down the short hallway to the bathroom to
get out of this demonic suit.

He saw that she had not even put a coat on over her outfit when
she had run from her apartment over to help him.

She was crying tears of relief, now that she knew that he was
O.K. She helped him get the suit off and sat him down in a hot
tub to soak while she took his overlarge coat and went back to
her place to lock up.

He heard her drop a large bundle on the floor as she came
back in and locked his door.

Without a word, she came in the bath and stripped off her own
suit and slipped in opposite him, sloshing water out of the tub
as she sat. Smiling, she rubbed him clean with soap and a washcloth and
washed his hair.

She next led him to the bedroom and laid him out under a warm
blanket and snuggled up against his chest as they both drifted
off to sleep.

The morning light washed into the room, bathing her brown hair
with high-lights and making her stir on his chest.

Her eyes opened and she reached up a small hand to wipe the
sleepers away and planted a kiss on his nipple and sighed a happy,
contented sigh. She sleepily pulled back onto her elbow, looked
him square in the face and said,

"Good morning. Are you O.K.? don't ever scare me like that
again all right? I didn't know what to think when your image
disappeared and the bells and red lights started going off! But
now, I have to know. What was it like? I simply stroked the screen
and spoke to you and I watched you start acting like you were
having a seizure. You jerked around and then as I came from the
dildo, you went completely rigid and then started ripping yourself
loose from the chair! And then you fell over, and that was the
last I saw of you. The screen went black and all the alarms went
off. I got over here as fast as I could run. You should have
seen the people stare as I went past them. it was so frightening
and stimulating at the same time. And then I found you knocked
out on the floor and all I could think was that I had killed
you. I looked for someone like you for so long and to loose you
like that. It was too much." She got quiet and pulled closer
to him, like a scared little girl. All soft and helpless.

"It was intense! I saw you come through the screen and
sit yourself down on my cock and ride the daylights out of me.
The equipment worked, tingling ran all over my body and it felt
like you were ripping the cum right out of my body. But, it was
all you. Even though you weren't really here. So, now that your
here..." he kissed her forehead.

She smiled up at him, put
her hand on his chest and said, "You're amazing! You just
can't get enough of me, can you? All right then, rubbersex or
regular sex?" she asked with a now familiar glint in her
eye.

"You know the answer to that one. We can have all of the
regular sex we want later too. But, for now..." he slid out
of bed and walked to the closet as she giggled and went out into
the bathroom.

He found the suit he had worn when they had had sex over the
'net the first time and dusting himself, pulled it on. He pulled
the hood and gasmask into place and slipped into some bathing
booties.

He wandered into the living room. She was still in the bathroom
changing. He took the time to get all of the computer stuff set
back up and cleaned up the equipment.

He logged back on to the net and found fully a hundred messages
from concerned and stimulated friends. He answered the ones
he could now and posted a general message out to the board.

A soft hand on his shoulder took his attention. He turned.

She too was dressed as he had first seen her, in her purple
one piece with the attached gasmask and pull-on boots. No words
were spoken, none were needed.

This time, when she sat down on his cock, he knew it was
the real thing. She ran her gloved fingers over the top of his
encapsulated head, leaving trails of sensation in their wake.
She sat on his lap as she worked her pelvic muscles, milking
him without having to ride his length. He cupped and pinched
her breasts through the supple rubber, the nipples hard as small
erasers. She spun around, impaled and bouncing on him and began
typing to the others in the main chat room.

<RubberWitch> to all> I found him. He's O.K.

<GrandGingyon>to RubberWitch> is he the one? From last
night?

<RubberWitch>to all>Yes. He had hooked himself up to
a prototype VR suit and it kind of got away from him. But, he's
all right now.

<RubberMel> to all>Lucky Guy! What's happening now?

<RubberWitch>to all> he's sitting in his chair and
I'm fucking his hot rubber covered cock into my hot rubber-sleeved
pussy as I type this to all of you.

<Rubberguardian>to all> WOW. He is a lucky guy. Are
you guys getting serious? Maybe it's time for a group thing,
huh? We're all rubbered up and ready to join you for some hot
action.

<RubberSue>to all> now guys, can't you see this is
a special moment for those two. Sign off RubberWitch and get
busy. LOL wish I was there.

<RubberWitch>to all> no, this is our home. And you
guys are our family. God is he hard in my rubberlined cunt right
now. He's...

<Guest>to all> hello.

<RubberWitch>to all> throbbing so hard. I think he's
going to cum soon. It feels so great. Wish you all could feel
this way!

<RubberCora>to all> this is so damn hot! I think I'm
going to cum myself.

<GrandGingyon>to all> me too. I love a love story come
true. I'm so stiff just thinking about them.

<RubberWitch>to all> here it is! He's shooting in me!
I"m comming toooooooooooooo GGooDDDD ooHH Ggooddddddddddddd.
Ohh.

<RubberClare>to RubberWitch> girl, you better not let
that one get away! I'll gladly be a bridesmaid. LOL J

<Guest>to all> what's happening?

<OverLord> to Guest> ssh. They're in love! If you want
to talk, come to private chat 1. I'll fill you in. J

Sabrina spun back around on his slowly deflating member. Their
breathing wheezing from underneath their masks as she sat on
him. She reached up and pulled down a zipper and pulled her gasmask
down off of her head, her hair soggy with sweat.

She pulled his mask off and planted a deep tongue kiss on him
and said. "You know, they're right. You are too good to let
get away. Are you hungry? Lets go get something to eat."

"I'm still hungry all right. But, not for food. What I
want is right here." He said hugging her close.

"You're impossible, and inhuman." she said laughing.
She pushed him on his chest and got up, pulling free of his limp
penis and zipped up her crotch. "No, really I know a great
chinese place around the corner. I HEY!"

He scooped her up and said, "I said I was hungry again.
I don't want delivery right now though, I want more of what I
already have on my plate." He said as he carried her down
the hall to the bedroom.

"I love you, John"

"I love you too, Sabrina. My Rubber Witch.

END.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1136.0)
