---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: You Wait
authors:
- yourbdtop
tags:
- Sbf
- outdoors
- susp
- chain
- cuffs
- helmet
- gag
- nipple
- toys
- slave
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2006-10-27 00:00:00
---

You wait, how long you have been waiting
you do not know. How long you will have to wait you do not know, so you wait.
There is little else to do but wait anymore. Quite simply there is no choice
but to wait. There was the opportunity to turn back right up until the first
click. But turning back would not have been easy either. All of your
identification, and your return ticket is gone. Tossed into a garbage dumpster
by your own hand. To make matters worse you have no money and as a matter of fact
all you have, or more accurately, had was the clothes on your back and a pair of
heavy duty scissors that were waiting for you. The clothes now lie on the
ground shredded into little pieces, cut by your own hand with the scissors that
were waiting for you. Each step you took brought you further into the trap.
The trap that was spelled out for you. The trap that you knew was waiting for
you. The trap that you walked right into of your own free will and closed it
upon yourself.

And so you wait.

Not that you have any choice in the matter.

Along with the scissors that were
waiting for you there were other things waiting for your arrival as well. Like
the ankle cuffs that are now closed about your ankles by your own hand. Once
you closed that first cuff there was no longer any possibility of turning back
as the chain between the cuffs is locked to an anchor set deep in the base of
the tree. From the moment that that cuff made its first click was no longer any
point in not continuing. As a matter of fact, once that first click of the cuff
closing about your ankle occurred, it became imperative that you do continue.
Because if you did not continue in all likely hood this would be the spot you
would perish at. For there is only one person besides yourself that knows where
your are now. Only one person that has the keys to release you. And if you do
not follow through with the instructions you will be left there until you either
complete your instructions or die. The choice has been in your hands every step
of the way.

Click, click, click. Click, click, click, click. Both ankles now
adorned with cuffs. Cuffs that you have no key for.

And you wait.

There is no reason not to continue and
plenty of reason to continue. And so you continued. You inserted a very large
butt plug that you have just lubricated. It is only a plug, it does not vibrate,
but it does inflate. Inflating it had to wait. As you needed to insert an
equally very large dildo in your cunt. It also inflates. Now they both reside
deep within you pumped up so full that there is no possibility they could fall
out. Not that they could anyhow. You contemplate, while you wait, the chain
that is locked about your waist, the one that has another chain locked to the
front and back of it. That chain you pulled very tight through your crotch
locking your companions in place. The reason you contemplate that chain is
because it is not only locked to the back of your waist but it is also locked
high up on the tree to another bolt secured deep into the tree. It was
difficult for you to lock this lock. You had to bring your feet close together
and get on your very tiptoes to lock it. Now you can no longer stand flat-footed
and your crotch now bears a substantial part of your weight.

And you had to
continue, to continue or perish.

So you wait, you wait in darkness.

The enforced darkness of the ace bandage
wrapped over and over your eyes. But for all you know it may really be dark out
now, as you have no idea of how long you have been there waiting. Of course
calling out for help will not do any good. First you are too far away from
anyone to be heard. But on top of that is the gag you put in your mouth. It too
pumped up as you squeezed the pump. There really is no use in trying to yell or
scream no real noise will escape your lips. You made sure of that as you pumped
it up extra full. Of course it also helped that you pulled all of the straps
extra tight before locking them in place with padlocks that you have no keys
to.

So you stand there bound, gagged, and blindfolded waiting.

Waiting and
contemplating the final steps you took.

You only had a few steps left at that
point. The evidence of them very apparent to anyone that might come along
however unlikely that is. The helmet took quite a bit of time to put on, as it
was a tight fit and you couldn't see already. But you managed to lace it down
the back then zip closed to lacing cover and lock the zip closed. Then the
other straps followed one by one being pulled tight and locked in place beyond
any hope of removal.

Click. Click. Click. Click.

To ensure the helmet
stayed on and to make sure you were securely anchored to the tree you place the
wide posture collar about your neck and locked it shut. Click. Another Click
and you have locked the back of you collar to the tree behind you. It was
difficult to do. Just as it was with the chain running through your crotch you
had to stretch up to reach the anchor in the tree to lock your collar in place.
But that was not all you had to do with the collar. For dangling from the
collar were two nipple clamps. Of course they are now properly attached to your
nipples lifting your breasts upwards. The final step was actually fairly easy.
Reaching up you found the handcuffs waiting for your wrists. First one then the
other.

Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click
Click Click Click Click

You wait.

You have no idea how long you
have been there.

You hurt, your body aches from having to tip toe to relieve
the pressure on your crotch and your neck so you can breath easier. Your crotch
aches because you cannot tip toe forever and you slump down the chain digging
deeper pushing your companions deeper within you and the collar gets tighter
making it harder to breath. You can still breath but it is not easy. Your
nipples ache from pulling your breasts up towards the collar. Your cunt and ass
ache from the severely inflated plugs. Your jaw aches from the gag that you
purposely over-inflated.

Nearby all that can be heard is just a
tiny sound that sounds like someone whimpering, crying, moaning. But it is so
faint that no one would even notice above the normal sounds of the day or of the
night.

So you wait for someone to come and release you from your self imposed
bondage.

Someone that has the keys.

And you wait.
