---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Woman's Role
authors:
- Shyguy
tags:
- F/f+
- latex
- petgirl
- costume
- electro
- F2doll
- gag
- mask
- toys
- buttplug
- maid
- oral
- catsuit
- remote
- reluct
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-08-16 00:00:00
---

### **Ch.10**

#### **Dollhouse Romp**

Lisa couldn't believe what she was hearing. She'd somehow managed to fall half-asleep in her cage, even while the vibroshock buzzed and jolted her unpredictably. It seemed like she must have been in and out of the strange half-dream she'd been having for most of the day, but Barbie was claiming it wasn't even noon yet.

Behind Mittens' cartoonish feline mask, Lisa's face would have looked flabbergasted, mortified, and practically panicked. She looked up and found the face of the strange rubber woman in a maid's outfit, who Lisa assumed must be Samantha, but whom Barbie had apparently renamed Mimi, with her pinprick viewholes. Mimi was looking back down at her, her lifeless blue doll eyes staring into Mittens' anime-style eyes' vertical-slit pupils.

If Mimi was upset at hearing how much longer the two of them would stay like this, she didn't show it. She couldn't, and neither could Mittens. Although the maid-doll's silly, frozen hand position, her fingers curled backward as if in girlish surprise or to display her fingernails, made her look perpetually flustered, like a constant 'oopsie! Oh no!' pose. She had no way to know how the woman inside, her cellmate and political enemy, Samantha, was really feeling.

It was pointless to think of her as anything but a fancy sex doll with a cleaning function. And it was pointless, Lisa was beginning to realize, to think of herself as the same blue-haired patriarchy-toppler she'd been before she put on the suit. She thought about what Barbie had told her before she let her out of the cage. Her Mistress told her to internalize her role as Mittens even in her own head, and threatened to lock her up again for God-only-knew how long if she broke character for an instant.

She'd told the other women in her quarters that they should all comply as fully as possible, and make their imprisonment as short and as easy as possible. She'd known she was right, but she had thought she could retain her sense of self-determination somewhere in the recesses of her mind, to be called back once she was free, and strike back at her oppressors with her expose article.

Maybe, she thought, she'd been wrong about that. Dominic and the guests at the club were one thing, but to survive under someone like Barbie, she'd have to not only surrender her identity, but also actively work to create and embody a consistent persona to supplant her own.

Lisa couldn't survive an entire day of this, she knew. Not if a mere hour and a half had felt like an age. And she'd be humiliated and degraded the whole time; her feminist pride demanded that she resist exactly the sort of conditioning she was being subjected to, and that would get her in big trouble.

Plus, she realized as she stared at Mimi's rubbery, lifeless face, which bore no resemblance at all to Samantha, it wasn't as if anybody would know it was Lisa in the FreakPet suit. She didn't have to uphold the values she preached or risk personal embarrassment with her identity stripped from her by the suit.

Lisa wasn't responsible for what Mittens did. And Mittens had her own fears, her own desires, and a clear purpose that no one could judge her for fulfilling. Actually, people might think she was cute. The thought of Abby petting her head and praising her flashed briefly in her mind, and Lisa felt ashamed of herself for the pleasure the idea of being another woman's pet, when she had always preferred to dom, was giving her.

But that was stupid, wasn't it? Her life was so hard now, and she deserved every moment of comfort she could find. Lisa couldn't help but feel hypocritical for finding joy in her own subjugation, but…how would Mittens feel about it? Wouldn't it be smarter to feel that way, if it were possible?

Suddenly, a jolt coursed through her loins and she flinched, screaming into the mouthplug crammed in her mouth and hearing only the "RAAAAAYOWR!" produced by her voicebox over her own sonically canceled-out voice. A voice that didn't exist anymore, she realized. The feline yowl wasn't a gagged cry of pain, it was Mittens talking, expressing herself the way a talkative pet could.

"You weren't listening to me at all, were you Mittens? You're off to a bad start, kitty. If you want to daydream in la-la-land, you can do so in your kennel."

Lisa had fucked up. She didn't have time to work all this out in her head.

Don't think, she told herself, just feel what Mittens would feel. Be a kitty that Abby or Carol would find adorable.

With that last thought, something clicked.

Mittens pressed her paws together in a begging gesture, and mewled in apology, "meow! Me-me-mew!" She was really getting the hang of changing her volume and manipulating the articulation of the voicebox. It just felt like speaking to Mittens.

"That's right, you better beg, Mittens," she keyed a command into her tablet, and Mittens was shocked again, yelling out a plaintive "RAWRAWRAAAWR!"

"Keep begging."

Another shock, then another.

Mittens mewled desperately between shocks, pawing at her Mistress' leg, then, overwhelmed by the shocks, rolling over on her back with her paws and legs in the air, showing her belly in feline surrender.

"Mew…mee-yowr, me-mew…" she mewled in gratitude as the shocks finally stopped.

"Now, here's an important command for you, Mittens. When I say 'sit pretty', I want you to get on your knees and hold up your paws like this," Barbie raised her forearms until her wrists were in front of her shoulders, her hands in fists and hanging limp from her wrists. It was how pets held themselves when they sat and reared up their forelimbs.

Mittens rolled over and kneeled before Barbie, holding her paws up in the cute pose and craning her neck to stare as if transfixed at her Mistress, her adorable kitty eyes filled with adoration for her owner.

"Good kitty! Maybe you'll start to get the hang of this," Barbie scritched her ears briefly and she purred at the soft, short vibration the touch-sensitive ears elicited within her loins.

"Mimi, why don't you bend down and wave that feather duster around right above Mittens? I bet our kitty would love to play with it."

Mittens purred and watched as the doll bent at the waist, towering over her and lowering the feather duster in her mouth so its feathers dangled a foot or two above Mittens' face. The doll shook its head back and forth, and Mittens pawed and grabbed at the feathers as they whirled and danced, punctuating her playful attacks with playful meows and an excited "RAWR!" when she pounced.

The doll began yanking the duster up when Mittens tried to reach for it, trying to snatch the feathers away before the kitty could claw at them. The doll was clearly playing with her, and Mittens got serious about their game. Her view-holes were locked on the whirling mass, and she kneaded her paws on the ground and wiggled her haunches in anticipation each time the doll slowly, teasingly lowered the duster back within reach. She sprung into her pounces with as much speed and surprise as she could, batting at the feathers with her paws with lightning speed, but more often than not the doll managed to jerk them away out of her reach at the last second.

"Good girls, you two are just adorable! Now down, Mittens," Barbie pointed sharply to the floor, and Mittens lowered her paws to the ground and sat back on her haunches.

"Since you're such a playful kitty, I'll give you something to keep you occupied. Mittens, stay," her vibroshock gave her a short burst. She was in lock mode. Barbie didn't trust her not to stray from her spot, it seemed. Mittens would have to be extra good to convince her Mistress she could be trusted.

Barbie walked to the corner of the room where the FreakPet suits hung limply, opening a drawer and returning with a basket filled with balls of yarn.

She walked back to her doll and her kitty and dumped the basket on the floor, balls of yarn bouncing and rolling in every direction. It was already a mess, and there seemed to be enough yarn to cover the whole Dollhouse floor if they were all unravelled.

"All right Mittens, this should keep you occupied. Why don't you play with these balls of yarn, and make sure to roll them all over the Dollhouse. It's every kitty's dream to be allowed to make such a huge mess, so I expect you to play cutely and with enthusiasm. Show me you're grateful to have such a kind Mistress by frolicking around and making happy little kitty sounds. If I see you taking a break, or if I don't find your antics absolutely adorable," Barbie gave Mittens a moderate but prolonged shock, making her complain pathetically in something between a mew and a yowl, "meeyaaaaaa-wrawrrrrrrrr…"

"You'll be lucky if it isn't much, much worse than that. So stay cute," she bent over and cupped Mittens' cheeks in her hands, looking her dead in the blank catlike eyes, "and stay in character. I'll have Mimi pick up all the yarn when she's done dusting the entire shop. Now, go! I wanna see my kitty play," Barbie picked up a ball of yarn and tossed it at Mittens' face. She flinched as it bounced off her forehead then rolled away as soon as it hit the ground.

Before the ball stopped rolling, Mittens pounced. Her paws struck the ball, and it flew a few feet then rolled several more, trailing a string of yarn behind it in a squiggly meander across the shop floor. She crawled within a couple feet of the yarn then froze, kneading the floor and preparing to strike, then pounced again, letting out a triumphant "mew!"

Her life was so simple all of a sudden. There was nothing but the ball of yarn in front of her to focus on, and she found herself totally absorbed in the task, babbling and purring contentedly to herself as she batted the yarn up and down the aisles of the shop.

She finally unspooled the first ball of yarn, and she took a moment to sit back and lick the back of one of her paws, savoring her victory over the ball of string that was her prey. She slunk back to the counter, where the twenty-or-so other balls of yarn were lying on the floor. She found herself affecting a more feline body language, her hips swinging seductively from side to side and her paws treading gracefully and delicately as she crawled.

Her Mistress was sitting behind the counter, talking to someone on her cell phone. Mittens crawled over to her and pawed at her leg, staring up at her face and begging for some attention with a "meow?" She lowered her head and rubbed her scalp and ears across Barbie's calf, showing affection while also giving herself a little vibe when her ears brushed the woman's leg. It felt sooo good, and Mittens hoped Barbie would pet her. She was dying for some scritches.

Instead, she got shocked, yowling and backing up as the pain wracked her pussy. She should have known better, the yarn should be enough to occupy a good kitty. Mewling sadly, she found another ball of yarn and started pawing it along, crossing over the trails she'd already left with the first ball.

She followed the ball as it rolled over to the corner of the shop where Mimi was dusting, shaking her head back and forth to brush the duster in her mouth along a shelf. She looked dainty and flustered with her splayed fingers and palms facing out towards the objects she dusted.

Mittens pushed the ball along gently with her nose until it was at the doll's feet, then knelt and looked up expectantly at the rubber maid.

Mimi waved with one of her frozen hands, giving Mittens a cheerful "Mmm!" in greeting. She lowered her hand to lightly pat Mittens' head with an open palm, and Mittens purred as she pushed back, making sure her ears touched the doll's hands as much as possible. The kitty couldn't help herself, she was a slut for pets.

She let out a whiny "me-yeeeeeeewwww…" as the doll withdrew her hand after a moment, then kicked the ball down the aisle with a jingle from the bells on her high heels. She busily got back to work, and Mittens chased after the ball, mewing loudly so Barbie could hear. Mimi was smart to get back to work as fast as possible; their Mistress might seem distracted by her phone call, but it was never safe to disobey her orders.

One by one, Mittens unfurled the balls of yarn all over the Dollhouse. The floor was a tangled mess of string, and Mittens was proud of herself. The yarn was no match for her feline instincts.

Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew this whole thing was silly. Even deeper, so faint it was almost forgotten, was a sense of horror, and a feeling of shame that threatened to well up in her stomach.

But those thoughts were easy to keep out. All she needed to do was focus on the balls of yarn as they rolled away from her every time she crawled after them, then batted them away again. It was so simple, her priorities so clear, and so easily attainable. As Mittens finished another ball of yarn and crawled back to the pile for another, she thought she could spend hours, maybe days, happily pawing at her stringy prey and meow-ing and purring cutely for her Mistress as she went.

She didn't know how much time had passed, or how many balls she had left to unwind. She didn't care, either. She had fallen into a trance-like state of zen, and it was the most carefree she had felt in a long, long time.

She found that her voicebox responded to the pitch of her former voice as it vibrated the mouthplug that filled her trapped mouth. She began humming simple tunes, mostly nursery rhymes and a few pop classics, in her mewling timbre, "mew, mew, mew-mew-mew, me-me-me-me-meeyowr," as she swatted then scampered after the rolling bundles of yarn.

At one point, she'd rolled a ball between Mimi's white-stockinged legs, then mischievously scampered after it, almost knocking the poor doll over. That got Barbie's attention, and she cackled with delight at Mittens' impish antics. The doll squealed out a startled "Uhmm!" as Barbie gave her a shock.

"Be careful, Mimi, you almost stepped on the kitty's tail! If you step on Mittens, I'll make you lie on the floor and walk on you with my new ballet boots to show you how it feels. Now apologize to Mittens, and give her some love."

Mimi squealed again, no doubt from another shock, then turned to Mittens and pressed her palms together as if begging for forgiveness, bending at the waist and shaking her head, saying, "Mum! Muh hmm muh-huh-huh!" she went pigeon-toed, bowed at the waist, and put her palms to her face with her fingers fanning out around her cheeks, an utterly comical 'oh no, what have I done?!' made perfectly campy by her maid getup and the duster stuck in her mouth.

Mittens knew it was mean to get Mimi in trouble, and she hoped the doll wouldn't hate her. But she felt a rush of mischievous pride, like a naughty kitty who'd blamed a mess on the dog, as she watched Mimi's begging and groveling. Mittens was coming to know herself better, and it turned out she was a wily, crafty kitty. She liked the power she had to get reactions out of her people.

She mewled softly and pathetically, pawing at her tail and pretending she'd been hurt. As Mimi shuffled over, still bent over and awkward in her heels, Mittens recoiled and flinched away from her outstretched hands, whimpering as if afraid of the flustered maid's touch.

Pretending like that felt toxic, like something Barbie would do. Mittens relished her naughtiness. She was just a kitten, after all, and it was in her nature.

"What the fuck, Mimi?" Barbie shouted and shocked the maid again, making her cry out and drop to her knees, sinking to Mittens' level and groveling on the floor, "did you traumatize my kitty? I'm going to make you pay if you don't cheer her back up. She was having so much fun with her yarn, and you ruined it! FIX IT!"

Mimi held her hands out, palms forward, keeping her distance from Mittens as if afraid to spook the scared kitty. Mittens kept up the charade, slowly padding softly a few steps toward Mimi, looking right in her expressionless eyes as if trying to read her intent, then, tentatively, she lowered her head and pushed it into Mimi's palms, rubbing her ears and scalp against the doll's outstretched hands and purring softly as the touch triggered waves of vibration in her pussy.

"You're lucky Mittens chose to forgive you, Mimi," Barbie said, watching the scene unfold from her high-backed leather chair behind the counter, "now make it up to her. She looooooves to have her ears scratched, don't you, Mittens?"

Mimi continued to rub her palms against Mittens' head, paying special attention to her ears. Mittens' purring was now punctuated with soft mewling as the heat in her loins built, and she wished Barbie would unfreeze the doll's fingers so she could scratch her properly. Still, as she leaned harder and harder into the pets, she felt herself getting close, panting through her nostrils and crying plaintively in her feline voice.

The pulses from the vibrating egg inside her were blissfully euphoric, but they just weren't enough to push her past the threshold of orgasm. Slowly, slyly, she slid a paw along the floor, reaching between her legs to rub her smooth, rubbery mound.

The second she touched her crotch, it erupted into the jolt of an electric shock, and she howled, "MRAAAAAAAAOWR!" as Mimi jumped back, startled by the sudden screaming.

"Don't be gross, Mittens. No one wants to see a cat in heat, trying to masturbate like a woman. It's repulsive, not cute. Your greatest pleasure in life is to have your ears scratched, your tummy rubbed, your body snuggled up against your owner. Don't ever let me catch you trying to touch yourself like that again, you understand me?"

Mittens sat back on her haunches and hung her head. Barbie was right, she should have known better. She nodded and gave a sorry, "mee-yoooowwwrrrr…"

"As for you, Mimi, you're just adorable when you're flustered like that. I knew Mittens was messing with you, but your reaction was comedy gold, so I let it play out. Can you imagine how bad I would have shocked you if I was really mad at you?" Barbie sniggered, and Mittens wondered if Mimi would blush if she could.

The aggrieved maid-doll stared down at Mittens, and even though her mask remained expressionless but for the surprised 'O' of her lips around the duster's handle, she got the distinct feeling the doll was glaring at her.

Mittens brought the back of one paw to the molded feline muzzle of her mask, running the motionless plastic tongue in a licking motion along her hand. Then she rolled on her back and babbled out a series of "mew-mew-mew"-s as she batted the air with her paws, shifting her hips to flick the buttplug-tail that dangled from her suit back and forth on the ground.

'I'm just a silly kitty, you can't blame me, I don't know what I'm doing,' she tried to convey with her cutesy performance.

Barbie chuckled softly at the scene, then said, "You two play nice, now, and no fighting," and dialed someone on the phone, then began chattering away like a gossipy valley girl to someone on the line.

Mittens found her way back to her ball of yarn and kept unwinding it. When she finished and returned to the pile of yarn balls by the counter, she saw that there were only two left. She was close to finishing the task Barbie had given her. She looked around the room, surveying the chaotic web of tangled string she'd strewn through every aisle and around every display stand in the store. It filled her with a whimsical pride, like a little kid who'd thrown confetti all over the living room.

She looked over to Mimi, who was busy at her task. Her flared fingers waved daintily around at the end of her arms, outstretched and wheeling urgently to keep her balance in her high heels as she bustled about. The movement she made when she dusted with the feathery implement in her mouth made it look like she was walking up to dust, getting in its face, then saying 'no' to it, shaking her head until the dust was banished, then hobbling over a few feet to keep going.

She was hard at work, and Mittens felt a pang of guilt for having gotten the doll punished earlier. Between that, and the huge mess of yarn Mittens had made for her to pick up when she was done dusting, Mittens worried the poor maid must resent her. Maybe that was what Barbie wanted: to pit the two of them against each other.

Mittens didn't have any control over her Mistress' plans, so she stopped thinking about it and happily pawed her second-to-last yarn ball over towards Mimi. She wanted the maid's affection, so she decided to scamper over and nuzzle her, to show the doll she wanted to be friends.

Mimi saw the ball of yarn cross her path before she could see Mittens approaching in her narrowed field of vision. The doll took a hesitant step back, moving out from in between Mittens and the yarn. She was probably worried the kitty would run into her and feign injury again.

Mittens slowed her crawl as she neared the doll, turning toward her and purring as she brushed her cheek against her thigh, then circled her tightly, running her body along her legs. She stopped, her side pressed against one of the doll's knees, and craned her neck back sharply, looking up at the doll with her ever-smiling feline countenance.

Mimi swiveled her head to look at Barbie, obviously worried about getting shocked for taking a break from work or for being too close to Mittens. Barbie was distracted, and the doll looked back down at Mittens and brushed her cheek lightly with her palm as the kitty purred and nuzzled her. She stroked her face gently, then slid her hand upward to rub her ears.

Mittens mewled happily, blissfully buzzed by her vibroshock and giddy that Mimi was reciprocating her affection.

She wanted to keep getting petted, but she knew their Mistress had given both of them instructions. She didn't want to get Mimi or herself in trouble again, so she gave one last nuzzle and a goodbye "meow!" to the maid-doll before padding along after the ball of yarn.

Mittens made short work of the remaining yarn. She returned to her Mistress and crawled under the counter to curl up at her feet, nuzzling and licking at the leather of her tall, high-heeled boots.

Her Mistress didn't interrupt her gossip session on the telephone to acknowledge Mittens' presence, but when her vibroshock lit up with a throbbing wave of vibrations, she knew her Mistress was pleased with her. She purred and curled up, tucking her paws under her head as she lay so she wouldn't be tempted to reach down and touch herself. Mittens was a pure and innocent kitty, like a children's cartoon character. She wouldn't do anything lewd like that. She just knew her Mistress was rewarding her, and it felt good.

The call ended and Mittens felt her ears being stroked, the buzz intensifying as Barbie teased her rubbery cat ears with her fingertips. She pushed up against the stroking hand and purred in delight.

"Good girl, Mittens. That's a sweet kitty. I have a surprise for you, and you'll love this. Mimi, you've dusted enough. Get over here."

Mittens felt a little thrill at hearing her friend being called over. She couldn't see anything but Barbie's boots under the table, but she heard the hurried, tip-tap shuffle of Mimi's locked-on high heels, and the tinkle of her bells as she drew near.

She purred loudly with every exhalation, and she was starting to breathe heavy as her suit grew warmer and tingled intensely all over her pelvic region, the stimulating lubricant activated by the slowly-building throb of her vibrator. After a few moments, Mimi's bell-adorned and padlocked black heels entered her vision just beside Barbie's boots.

Barbie stood up and pulled the chair back on its wheels, then stepped over to the side, and barked, "Mimi, sit here and put your ankles up on the counter. Spread your legs as wide as possible and, just for fun, squeeze those rubbery tits together. Your cleavage looks amazing in that maid uniform, by the way, my doll."

Mittens mewled softly as her vibroshock edged her, watching her Mistress and Mimi's movements from the waist down under the table. She saw Mimi step up to the counter, her knees just above Mittens' face, then the doll lowered herself into the chair, and her ankles disappeared above the counter as she leaned back in the chair and spread her legs wide. From her low angle, Mittens could just barely see Mimi's splayed-fingered palms press her breasts together from either side, exaggerating her cleavage even more than her dress' push-up cups already were.

Barbie stepped behind the chair and rolled the doll forward, and everything above her waist disappeared. All Mittens could see from where she lay under the desk was Mimi's rubbery rump in the chair, her glossy thighs splayed under her frilled latex skirt, and her little fleshy prosthetic pussy just above her rubbery puckered asshole.

"All right, I'm stiffening your suit and arming the lock, Mimi. I'm sure you're the kind of maid who can keep her legs spread, but I'll give you some help anyway since I'm so nice."

Mittens heard a muffled groan from the doll, and Mimi didn't budge at all. She must have looked comical in her hyper-sexual pose, but Mittens thought her view from under the table might be the best angle. Her pussy clenched and threatened to come to orgasm, and the vibroshock died down in response. She'd have to earn her release, Mittens knew.

"What's that down there, Mittens? Be a curious little kitty. Don't you wanna know what happens when you touch it? Does it taste good? Why don't you find out."

She did want to find out. In her near-orgasmic haze, the sight of the smooth synthetic labia and its little clit nub transfixed the kitty. She'd love to play with that.

She made a curious "mee-yowr?" and reached a paw up towards Mimi's crotch, padding and probing her prosthetic pussy. She purred as her whole body seemed to heat up and tingle in her edged state of hypersensitivity.

She noticed that Mimi started to moan when she rubbed the doll's little clit, and she thought she felt a vibration underneath. She sat up a bit and began kneading her paws, one after the other, into Mimi's pussy. She began to build up speed, loving the reaction she got out of the totally motionless rubber woman, "Mmmmmuuuhmmmm! Muh-huh-huhhmmm…"

Barbie must have taken the duster out of her mouth; the doll was more articulate and expressive when she could open and close those stretchy, glossy pink rubber lips. Mittens wished she could see the doll's jaws flapping wordlessly open and shut, like a fish out of water. It was fun to make Mimi make those sounds, and Mittens chattered out little mewling answers to the doll's moans in her feline voice.

"Why don't you poke your head up here where I can see your face?" Barbie spoke in a sultry, cooing voice, like a little girl to her pet, "I know you're curious how Mistress' new toy tastes."

Mittens withdrew her paws and got on her knees, placing her paws back on the floor to support her as she poked her head up from under the counter. She looked up Mimi's stomach and saw the underside of her breasts, squished together by her palms while her fingers remained in her characteristic fanned-out, flustered gesture. Her bosom barely expanded with her panting breaths, and Mittens knew her suit must have been squeezing her tight, keeping Mimi locked in this highly vulnerable pose.

She couldn't see Mimi's eyes from this angle, but beneath the rims of the breathing tubes in her cute little plastic nose were her two quivering, hot-pink latex lips. It looked like Mimi was trying to bite her lower lip unconsciously in her pleasure. Her rubbery mouth was too slick, and her lower lip slipped out repeatedly between the white, molded teeth in her mouthguards. The doll was obviously having a good time, and Mittens knew she'd be writhing and bucking her hips in pleasure if she could move anything but her mouth.

Barbie was grinning lasciviously, towering over the two and entering commands into her tablet, keeping Mittens' set just below an orgasm, and probably controlling a vibrator inside Mimi, past the touch-sensitive clit vibe and her silicone lips.

Mittens lowered her face into Mimi's crotch, her Mistress disappearing behind the frills of the latex maid uniform's skirt. Slowly, she pressed the motionless little tongue of her mask's kitty muzzle against the doll's clit, and she heard a deep, throaty groan from above. She felt the vibe activate when she pressed down, and intensify as she nuzzled in deeper, firmly rubbing her immobile, decorative tongue into the fleshy silicone of the realistic pussy.

As Mittens played with Mimi's vibrating clit, relishing the moans she was able to elicit from the sexy rubber toy, she wished her mask had a movable tongue like Mimi's so she could play with her better. But she wasn't made to pleasure a man like Mimi was, let alone a woman. Not that way. She couldn't know how Mimi tasted, but she could guess. It probably tasted just like the soft silicone of the mouthplug that utterly filled and rendered useless the articulate, dextrous mouth of the slavegirl she used to be.

It was better not to compare. There was something almost cathartic about how sweet and innocent Mittens was. She was just a dumb little kitty. She didn't know why she was doing all this, but she knew it felt good.

Mimi's pussy vibrated against Mittens' face and her own cunt buzzed with an almost orgasmic bliss, the waves of vibration never quite pushing her past the point of no return.

Mimi's moaning and Mittens' mewling grew higher in pitch and more intense, and suddenly Mittens felt the muted sensation of Barbie's fingers tousling the rubbery kitty ears that poked up from her latex hood. Her pussy lit up like it was on fire, and she licked the doll faster and faster, diving up and down to rub her head against her Mistress' affection.

It was Barbie's touch that pushed Mittens over the edge, and even as her pussy spasmed and clenched on the buzzing egg within its walls, her focus remained on the soft touches on her head. It felt like the waves of pleasure that lit every part of her body on fire thanks to the chemicals inside her skinsuit's lube originated from that simple, pure, innocent affection.

She was a kitty in absolute bliss. She yowled and babbled out panting, plaintive mewls, her whole body shaking as she furiously licked at Mimi, trying to make her toy feel as good as she did. She was such a good doll. She deserved it.

While Mittens shook, spasmed, and filled the air with animal shrieks as a result of her orgasm, Mimi had the opposite reaction. Mittens felt the doll's silicone pussy spasm hard, once, then clench, feeling harder when Mittens pressed and rubbed into it, and finally give way to a quaking tremble, like a second vibration in addition to the ones Mittens felt from the doll's clit vibe. Mittens knew when she felt that, even through two layers of prosthesis, one of which was frozen in place with nanotech, it meant Mimi must be having a devastating, earth-shattering climax.

The doll remained utterly still, unable to even tremble in her locked pose, and she clamped her mouth shut, hard, her pink rubber lips forming a thin line, and she quietly but desperately let out an ultra-high-pitched whine, like the squeak of air out of a pinched balloon, "hmmmmmmmm…mmmmmmmm…mm…mm…mmmmmm."

Barbie was holding the back of her chair, letting Mittens press harder into Mimi without her rolling back.

The whine coming from Mimi seemed, impossibly, to go up another octave, either out of range of human hearing or else simply drowned out by the "RRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAWWWWRRRRRR!" from Mittens' voicebox, just as the scream of the slavegirl within the kitty suit was always silenced by her cruel, dehumanizing mouthplug's noise-canceling compensatory vibrations.

And it didn't stop.

Barbie kept the vibes in Mittens and Mimi working full throttle, and though their orgasms faded, the sensations that wracked their bodies didn't.

Mimi finally took a deep breath in through her mouth, then began babbling insistently, "muh-muh-mum! Mm-mm! Umm-muh muh-huh-huh!" It seemed like the doll was trying to speak, to let her Mistress know she'd had enough. That she'd had too much, actually.

Mittens stopped licking at Mimi's clit and looked up at Barbie, pleading with her in desperate mewls that joined the maid-doll's babble in a plaintive chorus. The constant clenching and unclenching of her pussy was so hard that she started clenching involuntarily on the buttplug attached to her tail,

Barbie cackled, "Barbie's playtime never ends! I want more! More, more, more!" and with that, she bent down and fingered the doll's clit in Mittens' place, leaving the poor Kitty to focus on the spasms that wracked her body so hard it felt hard to breathe.

In classic Barbie style, the blissful, loving warmth of her reward was quickly turned to punishment. Punishment that was administered precisely because it was undeserved.

Mittens collapsed on her side and curled up, her limbs clenching inward and her rubber paw-mitts flailing limply at the end of her jerking forelimbs. Her mind started to go blank, and the noise of her voicebox, of Mimi's babble, and of Barbie's cackling seemed to grow distant. Her heart thumped hard in her chest, and she could hear the blood pumping through her face and neck.

There was only a massive weight, holding her down and folding her inward into itself. It was like a black hole, just below her waist, and her body and mind were sinking into it.

And then…

Mittens took a deep breath, held it for a second, and exhaled with a relieved "meeeeeeeee-eewwwwwrrrrrrrrrrrr" that trailed off into a purr. She heard her own voice, and Barbie's and Mimi's gasping and grunting faded back in. She didn't try to move, she just lay limp and tried to reorient herself.

Her pussy was still on fire, but Barbie had reduced the intensity to a bit over half of what its peak had been. She was twitching, but she could move, and she slowly sat up on her knees and rested her weight weakly on her padded rubber paws. She and the maid-doll whined and moaned, still wildly over-stimulated and over-sensitive after that abusive vibe session.

"Aww, you two sound absolutely pitiful. I thought you two wanted your Mistress' affection! Guess my love is a little too much for you," Barbie condescended while appropriately towering over Mimi's leaned-back posture in the chair and Mitten's waist-high face as she poked her head out from under the counter.

Mittens nodded, mewling pathetically as her pussy twitched and spasmed, making her gasp and grunt as she struggled to bear the mix of pleasure and torment. Even at the lowered setting, the throbbing vibroshock made her flinch when it pulsed within her raw, overstimulated walls, and her anal muscles were strained from involuntarily squeezing her tail-plug.

"All right, I think I'll keep you two at a nice, uncomfortable 50% orgasm threshold. The app's algorithm has enough data on you two to measure your responses that precisely. It's amazing what we're able to do with machine learning these days!" Barbie gushed about the tech she was using to torture her toy and her pet as though they should be as thrilled about it as she was.

"All right, Mittens, crawl out from under the desk," Barbie pushed Mimi's chair and the doll squealed as she rolled and spun for several feet on the chair's wheels, her spread legs rotating like rubbery rotors on a helicopter with an office chair's base for landing gear.

Mittens crawled out into the newly freed space, whining and flinching at the sensations that came along with moving her legs with the now-unwelcome vibrating egg inside her. Barbie grabbed her leash, pulling it taut and jerking Mittens' collar harshly towards herself. Mittens squealed, "MEE-YOWR!" in surprise, then padded over to her Mistress and nuzzled her, rubbing her body against her legs.

Barbie was hurting her, for no reason other than her own amusement, but Mittens was doing all she could to be the best kitty she could be. It felt like what she was born to do, like this was the burden she was destined to bear, as a consequence of just how adorable and helpless she was. Sweet, pretty things were made to suffer.

If her suffering pleased her Mistress, that was what mattered. That was what made her life better, or worse.

Mittens pawed Barbie's leg pathetically, begging, "Meow? Mya-mya, me-me-meeee-ooooowwww?" She knew her Mistress loved her feline mannerisms.

"Sit pretty, Mittens," Barbie ordered, pointing her finger sternly toward the ground.

Mittens panicked as she struggled to remember the pose. Then, it clicked, and she felt a rush of pride as she rose up on her haunches, holding up her paws and letting them hang limp as she looked up at her Mistress, cocking her head to the side and mewling plaintively in discomfort.

"That's right! Oh, I'm so happy you remembered!" Barbie keyed in a command on her tablet and Mittens and Mimi squealed in unison, both receiving a modest shock in their already overwhelmed privates.

"Imagine how badly I would've shocked you both if you didn't remember the pose I taught you," Barbie sniggered, wearing her Cheshire grin.

Mittens had known the words were coming before they left the woman's mouth.

"All right, come with me, Mittens. We have a visitor that you and Mimi should get to know well. Her reputation precedes her in the Dollhouse," Barbie tugged Mittens along toward Mimi's chair, then grabbed one of her stiff, spread-out legs by the ankle and dragged her along on the chair's rollers, with Mittens' leash pulling her along in tow, towards the Dollhouse's entrance.

Mimi groaned as she rolled along, swaying this way and that as Barbie lazily swept the hand with which she grasped the doll's ankle back and forth. Barbie was practically skipping, brimming with childlike whimsy as she dragged her suffering playthings to meet her guest. They'd have to be on their best behavior even as the unrelenting vibrator torture clouded their minds and stretched the seconds into hours.

Mittens thought Mimi had it a little easier, being frozen in place. Kitties like her had to perform, even under pressure. She'd have to be cute and reflect well on her Mistress' tutelage.

When they reached the top of the spiral staircase that led from the Boutique up to the Dollhouse, Mittens sat pretty, wincing occasionally and mostly suppressing her whimpers. She wanted to make a good impression with whoever's soft feet were padding up the stairs. It sounded like someone barefoot in a skinsuit. Was it another slave-girl?

Yes and no.

It was Nicole's dark, loosely-bounding curls she first spotted bobbing up from the spiral of the staircase below. Then her slender, pointed-chin light-brown face, a n exasperated 'hrmph' look puckering her plump, deeply recurved upper lip. And in a few steps, the profile of her face rotated until all barely-over-five-feet of her gymnasts-figure glory stood before them at the top of the stairs.

She put her hands on her hips and looked Mittens and Mimi over, doing a double take and chuckling dryly when she saw Mimi's pussy on display, her legs shooting up from her ruffled skirt in a wide 'v'. She practically acted like Mittens didn't exist. She must see her all the time, Mittens realized, even if it wasn't always the same slavegirl inside. Mittens didn't warrant a second look.

Then Nicole dropped her scowl, hung her head and gave an exasperated sigh, slumping her shoulders in the only moment Mittens had ever seen her not looking totally in command of herself. She wondered what had Nicole down. Maybe she could cheer her up! And maybe, she dared to hope, she'd take pity on her and say something to Barbie about turning her vibe off. Maybe even turning it up first, to relieve the tension that had never fully been resolved.

Mittens sauntered over to Nicole, mewing sweetly, 'meow me-meow?' and hoping it sounded like asking for permission. She hesitated with a paw in the air when she got close, not sure if she had the right to nuzzle and rub against her. She twitched and groaned as the vibrator's pulses got to her again, but her grumbling came out as purring. That was good. Her voicebox would help her stay sweet and cute when she involuntarily complained sometimes.

To her surprise, Nicole dropped down on her knees and gave her a big hug around the neck.

"Hey Mittens. It's always good to see your smile. It's nice to have a mask keeping your strong front up for you. Maybe that's why I came here on my day off."

Nicole got days off? Did Carol? Was there upward mobility among slavegirls? Nicole's work with Barbie and the Dollhouse certainly seemed to earn her some clout within HaremCo. That was interesting to someone who might come back into Mittens' head later on. If her Mistress allowed her back in.

"Oh, I'm not surprised to see you here. We both know you don't know what to do with yourself now that you have free time all of a sudden. It feels like a chore, doesn't it?" Barbie put a hand on Nicole's shoulder opposite the one Mitten's chin was currently resting on. Mittens felt like a good girl for remembering not to hug Nicole back. That wasn't very feline. She did her best to purr in Nicole's ear, and somehow the performance felt even kinder for the fact that she was masking her own suffering for the sake of this young woman.

"You said it," Nicole sighed again and stood up, gently stroking Mittens' ears. Mittens mewled loudly as the vibes in her crotch spiked in intensity, and Nicole snapped her hand back.

"Sorry, there, girl. Didn't realize it was vibroshock tolerance training day for you. It gets easier, trust me, that's the point of it. That, and Barbie loves putting newbies through their paces. Don't feel bad that I can tell, Mittens, you're doing a good job."

So that was why she and Mimi were being vibed so hard for so long after that life-changing orgasm, without even a moment's rest. It was tolerance training to help her gain endurance. Of course her Mistress had her best interests at heart! Mittens was glad she'd been so good, and managed to serve as a cheerful kitty even though she wanted to howl and claw uselessly at the smooth white rubber between her padded paws and the vaginal sheath that contained the infernal device.

"Oh, this has only been going on for maybe five minutes now. More like conditioning for tolerance training. Just look at the poor thing shake, and her vibe's only at 60% of her orgasm threshold. No intermittent shocks, and her tail-plug isn't electrified. She'd fall apart if I gave her advanced training now."

Mittens shuddered to think of enduring this treatment for a whole day. She tried to be brave, and nuzzled Nicole's hip with her cheek. Even on all fours, her head went up a bit past the level of the petite woman's waist.

"Oh, I see. This is just popping her cherry. We all start somewhere," she stroked Mittens' ears again, seemingly not taking Mittens' frustration and suffering seriously. She'd been through much worse, and she was helping break in a new kitty, but Mittens still wished she wouldn't trigger her vibroshock any more than it was set to already.

"And who's this maid-doll over here? I don't think I've seen it before. It's got a newmouth, and that pussy unit is top-of-the-line. Do we have a pro visiting? How's she holding that pose so immaculately? I'm high-key jealous, I'd be trembling before long."

"Oh, that's just Mimi. She's a newbie. Buuuuuut…" she grinned at Nicole, waiting for her to put it together.

"Wait, you don't mean that's the prototype? The one we made with all the foreign investment, with the nanotech? I haven't even worn that one yet! No fucking fair!"

"That's right, it's the RealDoll mk.3, with pose-locking function and vibroshock nodes in the g-spot and clit of the updated RealDoll vaginal prosthesis line. This nano-weave technology is going to pay for the whole project, once we sell the patent. The practical applications are-"

"Yeah, yeah, spare me, I'm jealous enough already. I love my suit, but a g-spot vibroshock sounds like just what I could use right now. The mk.2 only has the clit node…" Nicole walked over to inspect Mimi, who was still gaping and whimpering at her prolonged stimulation.

Mittens was forgotten for the time being, and she curled up and whined in her mewling kitty-speak. She rested her chin on her crossed paws to keep her viewholes pointed at the two free women and the miserable doll they were discussing.

"I've got to get Dominic to commission one that looks like me. He'll tell me I've already got one, and yeah, it's gorgeous, but this is too cool," Nicole gushed as she groped and prodded Mimi, totally ignoring her whimpers of discomfort.

"No way, they're way too expensive for the company dime until we can scale the nano-weave. But I know a guy in Dubai who'll commission one for you if you'll spend a month wearing it in his penthouse. You can be part of an old-school Arabic harem! Wouldn't that be fun?"

"If it were anything else, I would never even consider that. But shit, for the most futuristic dollsuit in the world, that's almost tempting," Nicole pushed a finger between Mimi's mouthguards and felt her rubber tongue, then popped her finger back out of the doll's newmouth and ran her fingers all over the springy silicone flesh of her pussy, causing the doll to groan pathetically.

"Still, I'm sooo jealous of you, Mimi," Nicole said as the poor maid-doll let out a tortured whine, her quivering latex lips the only visible sign of life within her plastic form.

Mittens twitched and groaned with every breath, her voicebox drowning out her agony with a happy-sounding purr to match her permanent feline smile. She looked like a content, relaxed kitty, the way her owners demanded, but she didn't know how much longer she could stand the edging.

She was being completely ignored, and every second felt like an hour of suffering.

She had to do something.

Mittens rose on shaky legs and padded over to Nicole, leaning exhaustedly against her thigh, her body heaving with each ragged breath. She nearly knocked the tiny woman over. She mewled, and rubbed her face against her, then pawed her leg insistently.

"What's that? Are you asking for a rub? You like my fingers, you little attention-whore?" Nicole snickered at Mittens' mewling pleas.

Mittens wished, in a scary, forbidden thought, that she could speak like her owners did. Like people did. She wished she could show them how pained and dejected she was. Someone Mittens used to know had things they wanted to say to Barbie and Nicole.

Those thoughts were dangerous. They threatened to get her in trouble, and prolong the unbearable overstimulation inside her, and all throughout her chemically-stimulated body, or even get her shocked, struck, or locked up. That was the worst thing that could possibly happen.

Those were the worst thoughts she could possibly have.

With every ounce of will she could muster, Mittens controlled the volume of her barely-voluntary whimpers. She couldn't cry out or groan, it wouldn't be as cute when she spoke through the feline voicebox.

She heard Mimi utter a long, strangled groan, her jaw stretching open wide then clenching hard when she finally closed her mouth. There was nothing the frozen maid-doll could do to influence their owners. She was only a kitty, but getting them out of this torment was all up to her.

"Meee-yowrrrrrrrrrr…prrr, prrr-pr-pr…" she nuzzled Nicole's knee with her cheek, avoiding touching her with her ears on purpose. Nicole would know she was doing it to vibe herself, and Barbie would punish her.

Mittens kneaded the floor with her front paws, swaying her body and curling her hips side to side even as every motion threatened to turn into a fried-nerve spasm. She rested back on her haunches, arching her back slightly to push out her rump, only not too much. She had to be cute, not lewd.

"Myah-meow? Me-me-meowr, me-mew…prrr, p-prrrr…" Mittens sniffled a bit, and the voicebox couldn't cover that up. She felt a hot wetness forming around her eyes, but not the ones that looked up at Nicole with the innocence of a children's cartoon: there was something going wrong with her old eyes, the ones no one saw.

"Mittens is awfully chatty today, isn't she?" Barbie teased, and Nicole giggled, tickling Mittens lightly between her shoulder blades and avoiding her ears on purpose.

"It might be the most talkative I've ever seen her," Nicole gave a tired, sad half-grin. Even in her mental haze and constant distraction by pain, Mittens noticed Nicole's cried-out, puffy eyes, the slump of her shoulders, and the weariness in the parts of her face that didn't rise with her smile. She had come to the Dollhouse because she was vulnerable, and she needed company.

How could Mittens be what she needed? Especially when she was pretty sure she was going to lose her mind or pass out if her vibroshock didn't shut off or make her cum soon.

She wrapped her arms around Nicole's slender waist, holding her tightly and leaning the weight that wasn't resting on her knees onto the petite slavegirl. She shook and convulsed, losing control of herself, but she still managed to embrace Nicole, clinging tightly to her and hoping she took it as a comforting gesture.

All Mittens wanted in the world, at that moment, was to comfort and gladden Nicole. Her life as a slavegirl captain was wearing her down, and she'd come to play with Mittens to cheer up. That was her job, and if Mittens couldn't manage it, she didn't deserve for her torment to end.

Nicole sniffled, then sobbed once.

"Awwwww…I think she can tell I'm having a bad day," Nicole hugged Mittens' head, then bent down and kissed the top of her white latex scalp. It brought just the tiniest bump in the constant vibration of her vibroshock, and she mewed a weak thank-you.

"Mistress?" Nicole was suddenly very deferential and winsome towards Barbie, "May I please stroke her ears? Not to tease her this time, I want to let her cum."

"Oh? You think I'm being too hard on the newbie? I was muuuuch worse to you on your first day in a FreakPet suit. What did I name you, again?" Barbie sounded like she was teasing, but she also might have truly been bristling at Nicole's attempt to influence her training.

"Lady Porcina," Nicole shuddered, "and yes, I remember the 100% rigged, sham of a hog-wrestling tournament you put me through. The blue ribbon should have been mine, by the way. But it's not that you're being too harsh."

"Then what's wrong with letting them go another hour or so?"

"It's not for her, it's for meeeee," Nicole was affecting an infantile, slightly bratty manner of speaking. It was a stark contrast to her domineering, take-no-shit demeanor towards inferior slavegirls, or the smart, competent obedience she showed Dominic. She must have had a very singular relationship with Barbie.

"I have to spend all my time bossing slavegirls around or assisting my Master in his many, many passion projects. I came back here, to my old Mistress Barbie, for one of those happy, wholesome play sessions that dolls like me, who've proven themselves, get to enjoy. Please, can I play with these two, without you torturing them tooooo much? Just a wittwe wess towtuwe?" Nicole was sticking out her lower lip in an utterly childish pout.

Had Barbie made Nicole speak baby talk during her training to humiliate her? Was she debasing herself now, to please Barbie and help Mittens? Mittens couldn't believe how selfless and kind Nicole was being to her.

"Ew, ew, ew, omigod, ew, you can have whatever you want if you stop talking like that. It's genuinely so gross. You know I hate that," Barbie cringed and shuddered, waving Nicole on to proceed with her request. Apparently, Mittens had misread that situation. Good. The girl she shared her head with absolutely despised baby talk, and had it continued, it might have been as bad as the vibe torture.

Nicole grinned mischievously at having unnerved Barbie, and gotten what she wanted. She looked down at Mittens and began stroking her ears, slowly and firmly, driving the maddening vibrations satisfyingly up into the range that could make Mittens cum and relieve her torment. She purred as loudly as she could without the voicebox shifting into mewling or howling. She was the most grateful kitty in the world.

Barbie stepped between Mimi's wide-spread legs, sliding a finger deep inside the doll's fleshlike pussy. She stifled Mimi's moans by pushing her tongue into her plaything's latex-lined mouth and pressing her lips deeply into the gaping, hot-pink lips of the dollsuit's newmouth. It sounded as though the doll started cumming as soon as Barbie's finger slid into her, and the cry she let out was distorted into a strange babble by Barbie's sloppy kisses filling and covering her gaping rubber mouth.

Meanwhile Nicole took her time with Mittens, caressing her cheeks and massaging the base of her ears with her fingertips. It felt like heaven, and the feeling of Nicole's fingertips on Mittens' scalp distracted her even from the vibrating egg inside her, finally pleasuring her and bringing her inevitably closer to a release. The affection was so pure, and she needed it so badly.

Nicole dropped to her knees and smiled right at Mittens' view-holes in the center of her printed-on, vertical pupils, "What pretty eyes you have, kitty. Did Mistress Barbie tell you what a pretty kitty you are? Because you are, Mittens. You're a perfect little pet."

Mittens stared back into Nicole's dark eyes, and for once, the expression on her mask was exactly how she wanted to look at somebody. Nicole was a stunningly beautiful woman, and the sight of her looking adoringly into Mittens' eyes melted her heart. She pawed gently at Nicole's cheek and mewled involuntarily. Nicole turned her face to kiss Mittens' paw while she kept rubbing her ears and keeping her near orgasm.

Mittens leaned her face in to nuzzle Nicole's cheek, but Nicole moved at the last second and planted a kiss on her cheek instead.

"I love you too Mittens, but stay still so I can keep rubbing your ears. Here, let me," she cupped Mittens' cheeks once more and Mittens obeyed, allowing her to hold her face in place and gazing, enraptured, at Nicole's glossy, puckered lips and glistening tongue as the kissed and licked all over Mittens' face, locking eyes and smiling whenever she pulled away.

Mittens thought she might be in love. Nicole was like an angel, a gorgeous savior who had turned her torment into an ecstasy that would soon bring relief. She whispered things to Mittens that made her anxiety, her fears of not meeting her owners' expectations, melt away. 'You're so perfect, Mittens,' and 'You're the sweetest, prettiest girl,' and 'I want you to be mine, forever.'

It was an intensely erotic experience, and yet it felt pure, and simple, and loving. Nicole was giving Mittens what she wanted more than anything: she'd seen how good Mittens was, she'd noticed her. She always tried so hard to be good, and nothing was ever good enough for Barbie. Or for anyone before Barbie. But Nicole thought she was perfect.

Mittens let out a long, plaintive mewl as she finally climaxed, staring into Nicole's eyes as they rested their foreheads together.

It seemed like time stood still for a moment. Mittens was lost in the bliss, and everything melted away.

And then, slowly, she came back to herself, noticing that Nicole was slowing the rhythm of her massage on Mittens' scalp. She was purring loudly and panting hard through her breathing tubes, and her head was resting on Nicole's shoulder. Every inch of her body was warm and tingly, ultra-sensitive to every slight sliding between the two lubricated latex suits that encased it. It was bliss.

Nicole held her, gently rocking back and forth.

"You can stop purring now," she chuckled, "It's okay to breathe. It's okay to be human, just for a second. You're doing such a good job for us."

Mittens was so grateful. She hadn't even realized that she was still purring. She didn't have to do anything right now. She was just allowed to relax and exist, and she didn't have to earn that.

Mittens noticed that Barbie was talking, and she turned her head to see that Mimi had been stood back up and was doing some mild stretching as directed by Barbie, recovering as best she could from being stuck with her legs splayed in the air, sat back in a chair and pushing her tits together for an age and a half.

All of a sudden, things seemed better in the Dollhouse. Mimi was ordered to finally start cleaning up all the yarn, and Barbie walked back behind the counter and opened the vault-like door in the wall behind it, on her way to retrieve Nicole's suit.

When Barbie was out of earshot, Nicole took Mittens' leash in her hand, right by her collar, and yanked her face in close to hers with a mischievous grin on her face.

"It's against the rules to talk about this, but I think I know who you are under there."

As her heart plunged to the pit of her stomach, the anonymity of her FreakPet identity stripped away by Nicole's awareness, Lisa flooded back into herself.

She knew. Nicole knew exactly who she was, who had been babbling in gagged kitty-speak and begging her for pets and an orgasm this whole time.

She wasn't just a happy kitty cheering up her owner and being rewarded: she was a brash young feminist who'd agreed to endure bondage and degradation to infiltrate and expose the patriarchy. Somehow, that fierce and outspoken woman had let herself psychologically regress into a gimp-suited sex pet, and she'd been eagerly participating in her role.

"Don't worry, I would never tell anyone. We have a bit of a code amongst Dollhouse insiders. We might bend the rules for each other just a bit, but we never betray each other's secrets to outsiders. That means you can't ever tell anyone we had that conversation, got it? Not even Master Dominic. That is, if you want to be part of our little inner circle."

Lisa was relieved that Nicole was willing to keep her secret. And she seemed to be inviting Lisa into a close-knit sisterhood of Dollhouse regulars.

Lisa nodded to Nicole, grunting a wordless moan with the immobilized mouth of which she was suddenly more self-conscious. Her voicebox mewled out a feline 'yes.' She needed all the allies she could make in this place, especially those with power like Dominic, Barbie, and Nicole.

"Atta-girl, Blue," Nicole made it clear she was referencing Lisa's hair, and her cheeks flushed hot under her tight rubber mask.

Even now, with her wits suddenly about her, Lisa was basking in the glow of the sexual attention and affectionate praise of Nicole, who she'd gladly have hooked up with under normal circumstances. The woman was gorgeous, and she'd been so sensual and so intimate a moment ago. Lisa felt panic rising up inside her, but she chose to ignore it, and focus on her pleasure.

Maybe the problem wasn't that Nicole knew who she was: the problem was that she was embarrassed. Nicole was a Dollhouse veteran; she had been through all of this and worse herself, and even came in to play on her day off. She wouldn't be judging her. Lisa just had to stop judging herself.

"All right, darling! I've polished and lubed it up, now let's get you back in your old suit. You'll feel better being back in your own skin," Barbie called out in a sing-song voice as she strode out of the Vault room behind the counter, carrying a glossy, brown dollsuit. The suit had a long, wavy black ponytail streaming from its scalp, and Barbie was also carrying a second tablet in addition to the one attached to her own wrist. It seemed that Nicole had enough status that she would be allowed to control Mittens' vibroshock and Mimi's entire suit.

"Thank you, Mistress!" Nicole gave a toothy smile and clapped her hands together in excitement as she thanked her Mistress. Then she turned to Lisa with a conspiratorial smirk, and whispered, "If you think I'm hot now, Blue, just wait until I'm in my suit. You won't know what hit you."

Lisa couldn't wait to see Nicole all dolled up, silenced and helpless like herself and Mimi. The thought of how much she'd like to dominate the beautiful little tawny pixie made her dangerously frustrated to be trapped in Mittens' suit. She needed to get back into character.

"Well, Blue, it looks like this is my last chance to speak to you for a while, so I'll leave you with this," Nicole spoke right into Mittens' ear as Barbie closed the distance, "Dominic's going to do one-on-one meetings with you girls soon. When he does, I want you to tell him you loved playing at the Dollhouse, but don't tell him I talked to you, or even that I was here. He has to think that being suited up, not just a little kitty role play, woke something up inside of you. You realized how much fun it could be, being a plaything, and you'll be good and do whatever you're told if he lets you come back here. Again: I never said any of this to you. It's your idea. Got it?"

Lisa nodded furiously, desperate not to miss the opportunity her senior slavegirl was opening for her. She'd tell Dominic she'd loved it. Nicole had never talked to her, had never broken the rules and figured out who was really in the Mittens suit.

"Mew! Me-me-mew!" Lisa pawed excitedly at Nicole's legs as she stood up, smiling at Mittens and turning to face Barbie, who handed her her suit.

Nicole slid into her dollsuit with practiced ease, her arms and legs becoming a glossy brown that matched the skin of her face perfectly. Lisa couldn't help but notice the suit's pink, perky nipples, and the shiny pink latex of her orifice sheaths as Barbie shoved them inside her suit's dark silicone vulva and asshole. When they were fully inserted and Barbie withdrew the smooth plastic insertion rod, just a hint of pink remained at the center of her orifices.

Lisa wondered if Nicole's naked body naturally looked like that, and she decided it must have. The latex of Nicole's mask swallowed her face as she smoothly plunged the newmouth insert into her mouth with the confidence of long practice. It was as if a filter, or a special effect had been applied to Nicole: it was her face, exactly how her pouty lips, high cheekbones and pointed chin had looked a moment ago, but glossy, smooth, and tightly curving latex in texture.

Lisa gasped and her voicebox purred faintly for her. Nicole had been right: she was even more impossibly gorgeous in her suit, even if it was only the RealDoll mk.2 and not as state-of-the-art as Mimi's mk.3. Plus, Mimi was a generic blonde sex doll, while Nicole was herself. It was as if the suit was made to celebrate and contain Nicole's overflowing feminine grace and sexuality, and if Lisa's mouth hadn't been entirely filled in with a silicone mouthplug and sealed under a feline rubber mask, she'd have been drooling over the rubber doll that stood before her.

As Barbie adjusted the doll's hair, which fell to her waist in long, lazy black curls just as Nicole's real hair did, only pulled tightly into a high ponytail at her crown, until it was perfectly positioned, then she zipped up the suit in a swift motion, clicked a tiny padlock on the zipper into place, and folded over the thin latex strip that would cover the zipper.

"Mmmmmmm…mm-hmm," Nicole moaned happily, licking her lips and even smiling slightly with her rubber lips in a way that Mimi didn't yet seem to be able to manage. Her lips were a metallic, almost magenta shade of pink, and their glittering shine visually popped against her light brown skin and the pale, natural pink of her latex tongue-sheath. Her high cheekbones had a glittering, violet rouge, and she had sculpted, contoured eyeshadow in a darker purple that perfected the glamorous palette of her suit's permanent make-up.

"Stunning as ever," Barbie cooed, and she gave Nicole's rubbery ass a spank followed by a deep, squeezing grope, then slid the wrist cuff of the second tablet onto Nicole's wrist, strapping it in place, "Now, here's your tablet. I've set your permissions to allow you to play with these two, but obviously I have override authority. Oh, and, obviously, I've reserved your controls for myself, and I'll automatically assume control of any toys you add. Don't think just because you've grown up into a captain that Mistress Barbie isn't the boss of you any more."

"Hmm-mmm! Hrmmmmph…" Nicole pouted, touching her plastic clit with her fingers and complaining that she couldn't vibe herself.

"Oh don't be a baby!" Barbie pressed a button on her own tablet and Nicole squealed. Barbie must have shocked her for pouting. Nicole, who had been Lisa's savior, was now a helpless plaything of the same woman who'd been tormenting her. Lisa hoped Barbie would keep her word and keep the playtime pleasant for Nicole's sake.

"I know I bend the rules for you, my spoiled little favorite, but I'll never allow a doll to control her own suit, or to unlock it herself. It's the most important rule: all dolls must be under the control of their owner. That's our sacred bond, sweetie. No ifs, ands, or buts."

Nicole nodded submissively, then brightened up and pecked Barbie on the cheek with her rubber lips.

"That's my girl," Barbie said, "since you've come to your senses, I'll turn on your clit node's touch activation so you can play with yourself, or have Mimi or Mittens do it. And with that, I leave you to it. Just make sure Mimi gets all of that yarn into the bin, I'll be opening the shop up again tomorrow and I can't have it looking like this."

With that, Barbie grabbed the chair Mimi had been helplessly spreading her legs in until recently, and wheeled it back behind the sales counter, conducting some sort of business or perhaps gossiping on the phone.

Lisa stared up at Nicole, who had picked up her leash from the floor and was looking back down at her with lifeless, yet somehow twinkling dark eyes. The little doll stroked her ears with one hand, while spreading the brown plastic labia of her dollsuit's pussy and revealing its pink inner sheath, waving it tantalizingly in Lisa's face.

Nicole knew Lisa wanted her. As the vibroshock lit up in Lisa's pussy as Nicole scratched Mittens' touch-activated rubber ears, all she wanted was to be the perfect, pretty kitty that had won the beautiful, hypersexual tawny doll's affections in the first place.

As Lisa tucked herself away in the recesses of her mind, letting out a "mee-yowrrrrrrrrr" as if she'd been born with that feline voice as she stared at Nicole's glossy plastic pussy and the serene smile that played out on her glittering latex lips, she allowed Mittens to take over once more.

Mittens would never let Nicole or Barbie down. She'd be adorable, and curious, and innocent, and obedient. She'd lift her owner's spirits when they were down, entertain them with her antics, and she'd bask in the affection and praise they lavished on her for her loyal service.

Mittens was going to be perfect.
