---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_bondage_slave02.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Rubber Bondage Slave 2
authors:
- rbp818
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- fem
- cons
- X
date: 2004-02-01 00:00:00
---

**Part Two**

**Chapter 3 -** **In which the Rubber Bondage prisoner finds a whole new world.**

The first item I put on was a very thick re-inforced Rubber Corselette
with built in prominent falsies, giving me about a size 38 bust. I had
to breathe in deeply to get the front zip to close, and when I had secured
the six Straps and buckles across the zip I found it difficult to bend
over. I put on a pair of long Rubber Stockings, and attached the tops to
the eight suspenders around the bottom of the Rubber Corselette. Next was
a pair of knee length Rubber Knickers that were extremely tight fitting.
They were made from thick, heavy Black Rubber and were cutaway at the front
and at the back.

This left my cock and balls and my bum cheeks fully exposed. Just putting
on these garments gave me an erection, and the way the tight fitting Rubber
enclosed my body added to my mounting excitement. Over the Rubber Underwear
I put on a close fitting Black Rubber Petticoat, which came to my mid calf.
Over this I put on a loose fitting Black Rubber Dress, which reached to
just below the Black Rubber Petticoat. The Black Rubber Dress was made
from two layers of thick Rubber. It had a high, tight stiff collar and
full-length sleeves with tight, close fitting cuffs, which were in White
Rubber. I then slipped my Rubber encased feet and legs into a pair of Black
Rubber Riding Boots. Finally there was an Apron made from two thick layers
of White Rubber. It had a high bib, and the Apron fully covered the front
of the Rubber Dress. So far everything had fitted me perfectly.

It was uncanny how my new Mistress happened to have all this Rubber
Clothing available to just fit me. Just for a moment I wondered if this
was something She had been planning for a long time and finding me trapped
in the Rubber Strait Jacket Suit had brought things to head. No doubt I
would find out one day. I next looked at the set of Chains. There were
Ankle Manacles and Wrist Manacles, a Collar and a wide Waist Belt all made
from heavy Black Leather. The Ankle Manacles were linked with a chain as
were the Wrist Manacles and from the centres of these link Chains a long
Chain joined them together and was also attached to the Waist Belt and
the Collar. I fitted the Manacles around my Ankles over the Rubber Riding
Boots and as they clicked shut I realised Mistress Marie must have the
key to release them.

I fitted on the Waist Belt and then the Collar and finally the Wrist
Manacles and found myself in self-applied Bondage from which I couldn’t
get free until my Landlady who was now calling herself my Mistress decided
to release me. The rustle of Rubber startled me and my Mistress still dressed
in her Shiny Black Rubber was in the room looking me up and down.

“From time to time 818 I shall want to inspect you underneath your dress.
I shall clap my hands together and use one of these three commands that
you will obey instantly. ‘Up front’ means you lift the front of your Rubber
Dress, Rubber Petticoat and the Rubber Apron above your waist and you will
lean slightly backwards. ‘Up back’ means you lift the back of your Rubber
Clothing above your waist and you will lean slightly forwards, ‘Up both’
means you gather up all of your Rubber Clothing and lift it all above your
waist and stand upright. When I have finished whatever I needed to do I will simply say ‘Down’,
and you will lower your Rubber Clothing back down making sure it is fully
lowered and neat and tidy.  Do you understand all that”?

“Yes, Mistress Marie”, I said in a very quiet voice, “I understand”.

“Good” She said, then She clapped Her Rubber Gloved hands together twice,
‘clap, clap’ and snapped “Up front”.

I went to bend down and pick up the hems of the Rubber Dress and Rubber
Apron and found it to be virtually impossible to obey her simple instruction.
The stiff Leather Collar and the stiff Rubber Collar of the Rubber Dress
prevented me from looking down towards my feet. I also discovered I couldn’t
bend forward very far because of the tight, stiffened Rubber Corselette.
Even when I managed to lean forward the small amount the Rubber Corselette
allowed the Wrist Chains, which were attached to the Leather Waist Belt
didn’t allow my hands to reach the hems of the Rubber Garments. Eventually
by bending my knees I could reach the hems of the three Rubber Garments.
I was then able to stand up and lift the Heavy Black Rubber Dress, the
Black Rubber Petticoat and the Thick White Rubber Apron above my waist.
The crackling noise from the stiff Heavy Rubber was almost deafening.

She stood close in front of me and bent forward. With a Rubber Gloved
hand She grasped my now smoothly shaved cock and balls and pulled them
away from my body. I felt something cold being fitted around my cock and
ball root, then there was a loud ‘click’ and as She withdrew Her hands
I felt a heavy weight pulling at my cock and balls and I could hear the
clinking of chains.

“Just something to make sure you are fully aware at all times that you
are my prisoner. Later on I will introduce you to a device that will control
you in more ways than one. It will be much more effective than the padlock
I have just fitted and it will be a constant reminder of your Rubber Bondage
prisoner and Rubber slave status.” She clapped Her hands once and snapped,
“Down!”

As I let the Rubber Dress and Rubber Apron drop down I could feel cold
chains tapping against the insides of my Rubber Stocking covered legs and
cold metal pressing against the back of my balls.

She clipped a lead to a ring on the front of the Collar. “Come along
818, we’ll take a walk to your new room and I’ll introduce you to some
of the delights and pleasures it contains, and explain a little about how
your time will now be spent in serving your Rubber Mistress.”

She gave the lead a tug and I followed Her out of the room and along
the landing. We stopped at a heavy wooden door which She unlocked using
two separate keys. This revealed a flight of stairs and I followed Her
up these stairs with some difficulty.

The Chain Set and the Heavy Rubber Apron hampered me. At the top was
a short landing with three doors and She stopped in front of the furthest
door. She pressed a button on the wall and a buzzing sound like I heard at
the shop where I bought the Rubber Strait Jacket Suit told me it was an
electric lock. The door slid open with a faint hissing noise and I was
led inside to the middle of a room, which was about as big as my ‘old’
bedroom. She pushed a button beside the door and it slid shut with the
same hissing noise and I heard the latch click, but I could see no mechanism
on the inside to open it. On the wall was a small numbered push-button
pad.

 I realised that to open the door from inside the room a code was
needed. She led me into the centre of the room and unclipped the lead and
Her Rubber Gloved hands went ‘clap, clap’ followed by “Up front”. I was
able to respond this time much quicker. “Now kneel down keeping your clothes
up.” was Her next command. I managed to kneel down without overbalancing.
She bent down and I felt tension being put on the padlock fitted around
my cock and balls. “Down” She said and then moved over to a Rubber covered
bench at one end of the room and sat down on it.

“Your security chains are now attached to a ring in the floor which
will prevent you from making any surprise moves toward your Mistress.”

”When I leave I will fasten you to a longer tether chain which will
allow you to move anywhere in this room but no further. The door can only
be opened from inside with the right code. You will have your own personal
code, which I shall tell you later. “

“I can disable the code downstairs if I don’t want you wandering about
the house. It also has a lockout on it if the wrong code is put in more
than three times. So you have been warned, it will earn you 1,000 demerits
for each wrong code you try to enter. That includes making mistakes with
your own personal code.”

“The two doors we passed outside are my treatment rooms for my visitors
and at the moment are of no concern to you. This is to be your room from
now on. During the next week when you go to work each day I will leave
what I consider to be suitable clothes for you to dress in, and when you
return from work you will leave those clothes outside this room and in
here you will dress in whatever Rubber Clothing I have put out for you.
Each evening when you get in there will be a list of duties for you to
perform and I may award demerits for poor work, or any other reason I might
think of. To begin with your weekends are reserved for your initial training
and instruction. There will also be a period for your Punishment so you
can start each week with a clean page in the demerit book.  Any demerits
that get carried over are doubled. Obviously when you have left your job
you will then have all day to perform the duties I will set out for you.
I will then be able to use the evenings and the night for your instruction,
education, training and of course Punishment as you will slowly become
the perfect prisoner and slave in Rubber Bondage.”

“When you are not occupied with other duties the week-ends will be devoted
to more severe discipline and administering Punishment to clear your weeks
accumulation of demerits. If you think you can avoid earning demerits by
working very hard and behaving yourself then I’m afraid you will be disappointed
when each week-end arrives.”

“There is a shower and a loo in the room which makes it very self contained. 
The toilet and the urinal have a silent flushing system to avoid disturbing
my clients during the day. You will only need to leave this room to perform
your various duties around the house, and also for meals.”

“At night you will be sheathed and tubed and connected to a drain bottle
so there will be no need for you to get out of bed. In fact that will be
impossible anyway because you will be in extremely secure Rubber Bondage
every night. You will of course sleep in some restrictive Rubber Clothing
at night. I feel sure you would enjoy a few nights in a properly applied
Rubber Strait Jacket, if your scrap book is anything to go by.”

She patted the bench She was sat on, “This is your bed. It has a set
of very heavy Rubber Sheets. The top one will totally enclose you, so you
will constantly breathe in the wonderful aroma of Rubber all night long.
The bed has a very wide range of Chains and Straps for ensuring you will
remain there all night.”

“You will still eat your meals with me downstairs. I will then be able
to control your diet, as I don’t want you putting on weight and not be
able to fit into the Rubber Clothing. However you will find yourself spending
some time in my kitchen relieving me of the mundane chores of clothes washing
and ironing, preparing food, clearing up, providing light snacks and refreshment
for My visitors and keeping my large wardrobe of Rubber Clothing for my
visitors in clean condition and in good repair.”

“As well as keeping the house spotless from top to bottom, you will
find time to construct new items of equipment for me to use on my visitors.”

“Of course each item of equipment you construct will have to be thoroughly
tested,” and She gave a short sardonic laugh, “So you will also become
chief tester. I shall keep you fully occupied at all times, what with household
duties, testing things, undergoing training or being Punished you will
I very much doubt have any time to be idle.”

**Chapter 4 -** **In which the Rubber Bondage prisoner discovers a strange new world.**

She pointed to a large wooden frame against one of the walls. “That
is a very versatile Bondage Frame, and I’m sure that by tomorrow you will
have been introduced to some of its many pleasures. It will be used quite
often I’m sure to get some of your demerits removed. One of your jobs will
be to modify it to make it much more effective. Now then beware of the
Interrogation Chair. I use it for just that purpose. With my prisoner secured
into it I can get him to reveal anything I need to know.” and she pointed
with her Rubber Booted foot to a heavy, padded wooden chair with sides
and a high back.

I could see a mass of straps and buckles attached all over it and clamps
for the ankles and legs, also the neck and head. “It is I can assure you
not for relaxing in.”

“As I’m sure you must realise by now this is also your punishment room.
You will I’m sure before very long be introduced to the delights of ‘Pandora’s
dilemma device’, and this is my pride and joy ‘The T.V. Viewing Chair’
now that really is something for you to look forward too.”

She ran Her hands over the narrow padded upright back and cross-arm
of a very strange looking piece of equipment. I could see it was a sort
of chair with a very small padded place to sit and a pair of narrow padded
platforms for the legs to rest in a horizontal position. I could visualise
how vulnerable one would be secured to it, and with one’s arms secured
horizontal it would be extremely uncomfortable sat on it for any length
of time.

 “I shall keep a book in which all your demerits will be recorded
for poor work and any infractions of my rules and of course any thing else
I care to dream up. There is a list of my rules in the folder on the table
over there.” and she pointed to a small table and a chair in the corner
of the room.

“I have said you can earn demerits, but there is no provision to earn
credits. Being my perfect Rubber Bondage prisoner and Rubber slave will
be the only way to avoid earning demerits, but as I just said I will award
them anyway. A Rubber Bondage prisoner cannot possibly go without some
form of Punishment at least once a week.”

“But as your very cruel Rubber Mistress I reserve the right to award
demerits for any reason I might think of and I have a very inventive mind.”

“I think I have talked enough for now, if you have any questions you
can ask them later on, perhaps at lunch-time. I consider mealtimes to be
a period when my prisoner is free to speak to me without the usual restraints
when he is working. Generally you will be Rubber Hooded, Rubber Gagged
and Rubber Plugged and Rubber Gloves are also mandatory. You can also tell
me what decision you have reached about staying here and becoming my Rubber
Bondage prisoner and Slave. For your first day I am allowing some relaxation
of my very strict rules on dress, but assuming you decide to stay tomorrow
will be a very different day for you.”

She stood up and walked over to me. “I’m fully aware that all this Rubber
and Bondage and the sight of me dressed in Rubber is making you very excited.”

“You will be allowed relief, but I will decide when and how it will
be given. Don’t even think about masturbating yourself. That privilege
is reserved for Me. From time to time I shall expect you to give Me some
pleasure, so to ensure you perform to my satisfaction I shall expect to
find you able to do just that. I shall leave you now and I’ll be back when
it is time for lunch.”

“You can study my rules and examine the equipment in here. I will answer
any questions you might have about your new situation as my Rubber Bondage
prisoner and Slave during lunch-time.”

She clapped Her hands and snapped “Up front”. Again she bent in front
of me and I could hear the clinking of Chains and felt She was attaching
something to the cock and ball padlock. With a loud rustle of Rubber She
stepped across to the door and quickly punched in a code, the door slid
open, she stepped through and the door closed behind her and clicked shut.
I clanked across to the door and found it fitted flush inside the doorframe.
There was no edge to get my fingers into to prise it open. I then made
my way over to the table - now fully aware of the Heavy Chain dragging
at my cock and balls - pulled out the chair and sat down. My mind was in
a total turmoil. Part of me was rebelling against this enforced captivity.

I was encased in heavy Rubber Clothing, secured with locked Manacles,
Waist Belt and a Collar and all these devices linked with Heavy Chains.
My cock and balls were trapped with a padlock and Heavy Chains were keeping
me just like a prisoner in this room full of strange equipment designed
to further restrain me even more. Then there were the promises and threats
of more Rubber Enclosure and Punishments for not doing as this awesome
Rubber Mistress was going to order me to do. But another part of me was
revelling in this strange new situation I found myself in.

The rampant erection I was sporting underneath the Rubber Clothing told
me I was enjoying every second of my new position. I realised only too
well that this had been my dream for the past 10 years. It had been my
secret fantasy, something I had always felt could never happen. But without
any stretch of the imagination here I was a Rubber Bondage prisoner, the
Rubber Clothing and the locked on Chains were very, very real. I was in
a room with items of equipment I had never imagined existed. Downstairs
was a woman dressed fully in Shiny Black Rubber who had demanded I put
my self into my present situation. Then She had Chained me up and locked
the door to the room. She was going to take me out shopping, with both
of us dressed in Rubber. There seemed to be no possible hope of escape
- but did I want to escape - of course I didn’t! I was loving every second
of my new situation and I had no desire to bring it to an end. But what
about the Punishments she had threatened me with if I misbehaved.

Well I would have to be extra careful and do whatever she ordered me
to do.  I came back to reality and turned my attention to the folder
on the table. I read through the first three pages and my mind reeled at the rules
I had to follow to avoid being Punished. The next two pages listed the
number of demerits that would be awarded for each misdemeanour. But nowhere
did it mention what Punishments the demerits earned. I was beginning to
get a nagging doubt in the back of my mind if this really was what I wanted.
But the thought of being Punished with severe Rubber Bondage helped me
to overcome those doubts and push them to one side. It was something I
would regret before the weekend was over and Monday morning had arrived.
But at this moment I was blinded by the thought of being under the total
control and domination of a Rubber Mistress, and being dressed totally
in Rubber and kept in escape proof Bondage.

I decided I had to discover what it was my Mistress had fitted around
my cock and ball root to remind me I was Her Rubber Bondage prisoner. One
wall of the room was fitted with full-length mirrors, which gave the room
a feeling of being larger than it actually was. I crouched down and lifted
up the hems of the Rubber Dress, Rubber Petticoat and Rubber Apron, and
by looking in the mirror I could see my reminder. Locked around my cock
and balls was a large Brass Padlock with two short Chains fastened to it.
She had secured the tether Chain to these short Chains which all added
to the weight of this securing device. I let the Rubber Dress and Rubber
Apron drop back down and accepted the fact that I was indeed Her Rubber
Bondage prisoner and at the moment there was no possible hope of escape.
I walked around the room and in the far corner was the shower and toilet.

The toilet was located in a recess with no door, so modesty was not
a matter to be concerned about. I could see a flush pipe going to the back
of the bowl but there was no cistern. Just a large valve in the flush pipe
with a lever to operate it and I wondered why it was arranged like that.
The shower did have a glass screen around it, but the glass was clear,
so again modesty was not something of concern. I was surprised to see a
male urinal bowl fitted to the wall at the back of the shower with the
same flushing arrangement as the toilet. After thinking about it for a
while I could see it would be extremely difficult to use the toilet pan
to urinate dressed and secured as I was. The heavy Rubber Clothing and
Restricting Rubber Corselette and the Collar and set of Chains and Manacles
would hamper me. Whereas it would be fairly easy to stand and pee into
the bowl just by lifting up the front of the Rubber Dress and Rubber Apron.
I looked at the ‘Interrogation Chair’ that She had indicated was not for
‘relaxing in’. I could see that the victim could be held completely immobile
if only half of the Straps were secured around him. I wondered what it
would be like when they were all buckled up. My Mistress seemed to have
a preoccupation with security and I felt sure She would make every one
of the Straps as tight as possible. The Bondage Frame seemed less fearsome,
but I could see that with a bit of ingenuity a victim could be secured
in some very unusual positions.

I was quite sure that as a ‘semi-professional Mistress’ She would be
very well aware of all the positions I could imagine and some I wouldn’t
even have thought possible. I turned my attention to the ‘bed’. It was
covered in Shiny Black Rubber, the same as the Dress She was wearing. The
top was padded but felt quite firm. There was a pillow covered in the same
Rubber material and it was attached to the top covering with press-studs.
A steel bar was fitted along each side of the bed. Hanging from one bar
were 25 wide, thick Leather Straps and from the other bar 25 heavy buckles
hung down. Screwed into each side of the bed between the Straps were heavy
steel hooks, and these were also fitted at each end of the bed. I guessed
they were used for Rope Bondage, and I wondered just for a moment what
it would be like to be Roped and Strapped to the bed. I felt sure that
if I asked I would get a demonstration that I might regret before Mistress
had finished tightening the last Strap.

Folded up in the middle of the bed was a bundle of heavy Black Rubber.
I cautiously opened it out and I could see it was in fact a Body Bag made
from a double thickness of heavy Black Rubber. There was a shaped area
for the feet to fit into, and sealed sleeves for the hands and arms. 
The sleeves were fastened to the sides of the bag which would make
it impossible to move the hands or arms and impossible to get out of the
Rubber Body Bag without outside help. The top was shaped to fit over the
head and face with a Collar to close it around the neck. It appeared to
be completely airtight. But fitted to the very top of this head cover was
a length of corrugated Rubber Hose. Just for a moment I shuddered at the
thought of spending an hour inside it let alone a whole night.

But then my desire to experience more and more Rubber Bondage overcame
that initial fear and I suddenly felt very excited at the prospect of being
encased in it and unable to escape until my Rubber Mistress released me.
