---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubberglovedgift.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Rubber Gloved Gift
authors:
- Nightwish
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- cuffs
- video
- tease
- torment
- mast
- denial
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-08-25 00:00:00
---

I had not seen my mistress for some time as we both had
obligations to
fulfill for the holidays, and our last encounter had left me quite
exhausted anyway, so it was just as well. (see my story [Rubber Gloves](rubber_gloves.html)) I
had done a lot of surfing and found an amazing number of sites
that
offered photos, illustrations, and even custom videos, but had little
time
to view them when I went back to work.

Goddess returned one afternoon while I was there and called
to see
what
time I would be home. I replied about nine o'clock and she seemed
very
pleased with the answer and hung up. I was puzzled but didn't
think
about it until I was on my way home. Under normal circumstances
she
would
have been irrate that I could not get home sooner to serve her
so I
pondered what this meant.

When I opened the door she was there
to greet
me in her satin dressing gown. I knew the look on her face and
it gave
me
a chilling sensation that I was in deeper that I would want to
be again.

She hurried me into the bedroom which seemed to be very well
lit, and the
bed was stripped and covered with a latex sheet. I was ordered
to go into
the bathroom and change while she got 'everything ready'. I didn't
care
for the implication but did as I was told anyway. As I disrobed
she told
me how she had enjoyed looking through the sites I had visited
on the
web
and decided to make her own contribution. All that was there
for me to change into was a pair of rubber briefs and a latex blindfold, which
I
did.

I entered the bedroom and was promptly tied spread eagle to
the bed,
to
which she exclaimed "lights, camera, action".

She explained
that we were
going to take some photographs to post on several sites. She
started the
automatic timer on the camera and climbed onto the bed with me.
The camera was above my head and she situated herself between my
legs. She let her gloved hands move up my thighs slowly, pausing everytime
the camera warned it was about to take a picture. Up my sides to
my stomach, then slowly peeling the underwear down until my genitals
were fully exposed. She let her fingers pull up my erection and I
knew immediatey that she was wearing her favorite elbow length latex
gloves.

She moved up and down me, manipulating my cock and balls in every
way possible. I hoped that I would not run out before the timer which
seemed it could go on forever. She explained it was a digital camera
and could take lots of pictures without reloading. Could I? Fortunately the
filming stopped long before that and my whole body ached for completion.
Then I heard her removing her gloves! She explained she wanted three
sets of pictures, one with her long black gloves, one with her long red
ones, and a third with her favorite industrial gloves. I could only sigh
through the gag. Who said you can't have too much of a good thing?

Finally, after what seemed hours (though it was probably only
30
minutes) the third set of pictures was done, but I was still not
given
any
release. Every fiber of my body was begging for it, but all I
got was some ice on my engouraged penis forcing it flacid. I was then allowed
to go to the bathroom (an extreme relief) and was told to dress again.
This time in full regalia, long rubber gloves, a rubber tank top, long bermuda
shorts and latex stockings. The shorts having a very conviently located
panel that would expose me completely when removed.

I entered the bedroom again to see Goddess in all her glory. She was dressed in her long red
latex gloves, a red rubber corset and long red rubber stockings. I was
bound to the bed again and seemed to blend into the rubber scene. Goddess positioned herself differently now, straddling my chest, facing
my feet. The camera was still over my head so it was a few moments before
I realized that another was positioned at the opposite end, this
one a video camera!

The camera was rolling as she began to
undo the crotch of my pants and proceed to entice me in every way possible
to cum, always releasing me just short of completion. At this point
I was manic. I begged and pleaded but there was no respite until she
felt she had enough filmed. Then she asked if I was ready. She firmly placed
one hand around my throbbing member and cupped the other over by
testicles and began her slow steady motion. It became stronger and fiercer
until I had no choice but to explode in an amazing rubber climax. She
kept it up until she had thoroughly 'milked' me and then got up to
turn off the camera.

Sweat oozed from every pore as I gave in to complete submission.
To my surprise I was not released to clean up the carnage, but she began
to do it herself with a warm washcloth. It was then I realized the
awful truth. She planned to make three videos as well !! We could
not finish until the small hours of the morning, as I required more recovery
time than usual, but she seemed pleased with the results. The next
day she uploaded the pictures and placed them on the various websites
she had earmarked.

It wasn't long before the requests for videos came in. And
some for more specialized ones, that I knew she would want to shoot, so
I just keep taking my vitamins waiting for our next 'filming day'. I'll tell
you all about it, if I survive.

NIGHTWISH

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1068.0)

24.02.04/posted plaza
