---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Dawns soft light wakes me up
authors:
- Paultt
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- gag
- tape
- breast
- tease
- cuffs
- rope
- toys
- insert
- oral
- sex
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2018-05-21 00:00:00
---

Dawns soft light wakes me up. My head is banging and I feel very sick as I gently move and lift my head up off the pillow and groan softly. Even this hurts. I'm shocked by a muffled groan that echo's mine. I move my head and look over my shoulder and nearly have a heart attack. A woman’s eyes look back at me, startlingly bright blue, they are very wide eyes and very pleading. They were the only thing on her face that I could see. The lower part of her face was covered by shiny duct tape from just below her nose across her face and under her chin. Lots of layers of it stopped her from making much more noise than a grunt. A leather collar with rings on it at all four points of the compass encircles her neck.

I think she realised my look of confusion and grunted and gesticulating with her chin downwards made me turn over properly and look in the direction of her movements. She was naked, her marvellous breasts for is no other way to describe them were both looped with thin cords round the bases which made them rounded balls with hard nipples pointing at me. I automatically reached out and ran my thumbs over them and gently rolled them. The eyes went wider and the groans got a little more strident mixed with a longing sound. I looked further down her body trying to remember how she or who she was.

I sit up for a better view. Still stroking the firm orbs I notice her arms tied to sides and her wrists to her thighs and rope is looped round her waist digging deep into her stomach. Her pussy was shaven and either she was on and had a tampax inserted or there was a wire inserted into her pussy. I pick up the box at the other end of the wire and push one of the buttons and her grunts go more eager and little hip movements begin as she looks at me and shudders. Pushing the other button I watch in amazement as she starts  humping the bed which is a little difficult as her legs are tied at ankle and knees. I'm impressed but very confused as I look around the bedroom mainly as it’s not mine and it is very girly.

Her body is slightly plump but the ropes add to the curves by digging into the soft skin. But it is superb. She is about thirtyish blond with a cute if a little pissed off face. Her groans as I hold her boobs in each hand and revel in their firm smooth bounciness increase and become more frantic. Bubbles of snot come out of her nose as she wails into orgasm and her hip movements become more frantic, I am glad she is gagged as the noise she is making would bring someone running to her aid. Picking up a tissue I wipe the mess running down duct tape covering her mouth.

I decide to untie her as she must want to go to the loo. I unfasten the legs and ask her “do you want to go loo?” she nods and tries to stand and has to wait while I ease the large plastic egg out of her. Love juice pours out of her vagina as it slips into my hand. As I haven’t turned it off I'm not surprised she came when I switched it on. It bounces on the palm of my hand like an evil bomb. I hear her pee hitting the water in the loo followed by a groan as she either with relief or as she realised she couldn’t wipe.

Her little squeals of what I think is “come here you big stud” drew me to help by wiping her.

Holding her under her arms I lift her and ask “Do you want untying?”

She sort of nods and I follow her back to what is I hope her bedroom. Undoing her hands and the tight rope round her tummy I look for the knots that are corded deep into her breasts. Finding them I know that I'm not going to get them undone so I look for a pair of scissors but before I do I realise I just want to touch them one more time.

Standing behind her I reach round and cup each one and gently squeeze them until she moans and leans back on to my chest and groans. Her hands reach into my boxers and pull my rock hard erection out and rub it with her thumbs.  She then walks out of my embrace and goes into her top drawer and pulls out two pairs of handcuffs and a box of condoms. Walking back to me she hands me the condoms and locks a cuff from each of the pairs on to her left arm. One round the wrist and the other just above the elbow, she then places her arms behind her leaving me with no doubt of her intentions. This is so weird. I'm in a position of power but she is doing the commanding.

The cuffs are the new rigid type so as I click the one on her upper arm tight and then lock its twin onto her right arm I realise she is into this in big way!

I finish the job at her wrists and await developments. I try to cast my mind back to last night and a vague recollection of meeting this woman in a hotel bar. I watch as she moves herself back into the same position as before and starts to play with my erection again. She has good hands and I move my hands round to her front and begin work on her nipples. Squeezing and pulling at them making her groan and pull a little harder at me.

I realise she is looking at our reflection in the mirrored wardrobe doors. Her face is red and the silver duct tape is shining with her snot. It is a great sight. She is a superb looking woman. She shakes her head and pulls out of our embrace and leading me by my erection takes me over to her bedside table and points with her head into the drawer.

There are another two pairs of cuffs laid in there. Pulling one out she shakes her head and I place them on the bed.  She then nods as I pull the next pair out. These have a longer chain between them than the other pair I had placed on the bed. She sort of lifts her leg like a horse would to indicate a lameness and I bend down and click them onto her ankles. She walks in a short stepped way in front of the mirror again and indicates with her head for me to resume our position.

I pick up a condom and dropping my boxers roll it on to me. I move forward and run it up and down her arse cheeks and then bending it run it along between her labia lips and feel her juices aiding its slide. Placing both hands back onto her breasts make me realise why she is gagged.

The angle isn’t quite right for penetration and her arms are going to be in the way so I move her over to the end of her four poster bed and lifting her wrist cuff like the police do forced her forward so she bent over onto her mattress. Becoming more inspired I grab the other set of cuffs and lock it round her right ankle and the fancy ring that is grooved into the foot of the right hand post of the bed. Grabbing some of the rope off the floor which had secured her wrists pre handcuffs I looped it round her left leg and ran this out to the base of the other post and drew her legs as far apart as the chain on her ankle cuffs would go. More rope is attached to her side rings on her collar and they are run out to each of the front posts at the bottom to stop her lifting her head off the bed.

“Okay?” I ask running my fingers up and down her sopping wet lips and dipping them into her vagina, a long low groan followed by gag speak of “fluckme fluckme now!” gave me an indication of perhaps I am doing the right thing.

So not being one to look a gift horse in the mouth I go round the rear and enjoy the view. She is glorious. All shiny and gooey I move round the bed and couching down look at her face as its laid on one cheek on the mattress  and ask. “Are you sure you want me to make love to you like this?”

She groans and nods. “Can I use you in every way I want?”

If looks could kill I think I would have been banished to a monastery.

“Okay then let us begin!” I say and crack my knuckle’s and picking up her egg vibrator thing place it on a low setting and run it along her lips rolling it in her juices, listening to her groans and moans as I press it hard on to her clit.

Picking up a condom I roll it over the egg and dip it into her pussy and use the condom to pull it back out again. I do this a few more times until it is so hard to hold due to its sloppiness’ and I pull it out and thrust it straight into her anus. I did it with such speed she didn’t have a lot of time to block its entry.
Then turning the on switch to full I move behind her and start thrusting away at her.

The combination of vibe in her bottom and her gripping me it doesn’t take long for her to come and I pull out and reach down and play with her clit. I wait until she is bubbling along nicely and remount her. The wait has had its effect and I am able to go on for two more of her screaming orgasms before I feel I am going to explode.

I stop again and look in her drawers and find what I am looking for. A rabbit. A huge pink rabbit. “Lovely” I think to myself and I move over to her and look at her. “Do you want more?” she groans and nods, her eyes are sort of glazed over and I pick up some more rope and tie it round her waist and feed the loose end under her belly between it and the foot board of the bed.

Loosening the two collar ropes a little so I can get under them. I go behind her again and then insert the rabbit as far as I can get it to go which puts the clit stimulator on its target and pulling the loose end of the belly rope up and over the base of the rabbit I place it in the groove of her arse lay it up and over her shoulders.  Her groans of what I hope are appreciation rise in volume as I play with the multitude of switches on the rabbits side.

Sitting on the bed I then move my legs apart and shuffle up to her face. Easing the tape off her face took a bit of tender patience pulling and easing but we got there in the end. Spitting a pair of panties out of her mouth she croaked “Water!”

“Later!” I said and moved my hips under her mouth and pulled on the rope attached to the rabbit.

She thrust her mouth down over my dick and surprised me by taking the condom off my dick with her teeth. I slackened the rope in my hands and she raised her head and spat the used condom onto the panties at the side of my legs. Her mouth went straight back on to my dick and she started to work her magic swirling her tongue round and round my glands. I pull on the rope and she groans and moves me into her throat. Her moans and groans adding to my sensation.

She starts to move her head and I look down and see she has done a sword swallowing act and her lips are touching my pubic hairs. She uses her throat muscles and starts to milk me lifting her body to clear her throat and taking a deep breath plunges back on to my shaft.

I then spend a while tugging on the rope attached to her rabbit, timing it so it’s in hard while she in on my dick and letting her up as she needs to breathe. A little nasty part if me that I didn’t know existed waits until she is about to come and as she goes over the edge I pull real hard on the rope and hold her in place a little longer than necessary while I shoot into her throat.

“Oh god that was so good” I say pulling her up and off me as she lay panting and moaning.

“Harder on the rope again please. She gasps. Just one more orgasm, I'm so nearly there!”

So I pull the rope really hard and give quick little tugs until I feel her choke. Moaning and screaming she came again.

I lift her off my stiffened dick as she groans as I slide myself out from underneath her and ease her down on to the bed. Loosening the rope I pull the vibrator out. Watching her hips making a thrusting moving motion I decided I could fill the gap of what she was missing. Moving back to the packet of condoms I pick up another and roll it on me. Easing on to the bed I then ease into her.

Well when I say ease it was more of plunge into a hot pool of lust with a sloppy squelch.
I use her juices to lube the condom and pulling the egg vibrator out by the wire I then thrust deep into her anus. Her moans and groans get louder as I hold the clit stimulator off the rabbit tight against her and pump  like mad not caring about the little squeaks coming from her.

Soon oh too soon I feel her clench and orgasm and I join her in a hot sweaty mess on the bed.

Finally I get my breath back and start to unfasten her ankles and collar from the bed so she can stand. Well I had to help her up and massage her thigh tops back into life. Next I unlock her wrists and elbows. Rubbing them and helping her ease them round to the front of her.

Grinning she turns and kisses me. And blushing says “Thank you that was what I have been looking for so long. I am Claire by the way!” She smiles and holds out the arms to me showing me her marks.

“How did we get to this stage last night? I don’t mean to sound ungrateful but what happened so we ended up like this. I normally hide my fiendish side and I cannot work out how I ended up in this situation." I pause, "I mean to say thank you this has been fun.”

She is laughing now. “I got you drunk. That’s how!” she moves over and picks up my jacket. "This dropped out of your paper. I picked it up and you were blushing and when I looked at the cover I saw why!”

Looking down at the book I find myself blushing again.

A naked tied up women on the cover of a John Savage novel stares back at me complete with a large ball gag and a body covered in harsh ropes.

“You seemed so embarrassed and cute I decided to not pass up a gift horses in the mouth and take advantage of the situation. It’s hard for a girl to find a kindred spirit. Are you married?”

I smile as I pick up the set of handcuffs opening the cuff  “Not yet but will you accept my ring!”
