---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The New Tenants
authors:
- Number 10
tags:
- F/m
- shrink
- potion
- play
- toy
- oral
- mast
- climax
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2010-01-30 00:00:00
---

Mark and his girlfriend Teri drove to the
entrance to the apartment complex. They were here
to see the place advertised in the paper, a
two-bedroom apartment. Teri, who was a tall,
attractive blond and worked for a bank, had just
transferred to this part of the Gulf Coast of
Florida. Mark, about 6 feet tall with dark
features, had quit his job to be with her. They
were both in their mid-thirties.

Mark parked his car next to a sign that read
"Fernwood Gardens". He stopped the engine, looked
at Teri, and said, "Fernwood tonight?"

Teri rolled her eyes. "Very funny. Don't quit
your day job".

"Too late, already did", answered Mark. Teri
smiled and opened her car door.

They both got out and walked towards an apartment
marked "Office". They knocked and waited. An
attractive middle aged woman came to the door.

"Hello", she said in precise accented English. "I
am Inga. How may I help you". She looked solidly
built. Her short, reddish blond hair lay in
curls. She had penetrating hazel eyes.

"Hi, I'm Mark and this is Teri. We called this
morning about the apartment".

"Oh yes. I will get the key".

The three of them walked to the vacant apartment.
It was spacious, very clean and seemed very
suitable. Mark and Teri decided on the spot to
take it.

Inga led them back to her apartment to go over
the terms of the lease. They sat at Inga's
kitchen table with Mark closest to Inga. As they
went over the lease, point by point, a strange
feeling came over Mark. Inga talked directly to
him, not Teri, and she seemed to be flirting with
him. Mark wondered if Teri noticed.

But Teri seemed distracted. In the next room, a
beautiful old dollhouse sat on a cheap, folding
card table. She wanted to go over and look at it.
Finally she asked.

"Yes, by all means", said Inga. "One of my
tenants left it behind when she moved. I am not
sure why".

Teri explored the various rooms and features of
the small house. She traced her finger from the
door to the windows to the roof. It was bizarre,
but she could imagine tiny people living in it!

In the kitchen, Inga moved closer to Mark. While
talking, she put her hand on Mark's arm. Mark was
surprised but excited. He felt the blood rushing
to his lower regions. This could get
embarrassing, he thought, and decided to put
distance between them before Teri got back.

Teri walked back into the kitchen and sat down.
"Have you thought of selling that house?", she
asked Inga. "I would make you a fair offer".

Inga thought for a moment. "Thank you, but no. I
may have a use for it someday".

Teri thought that was a strange answer.

After the lease was signed and deposit made, Mark
and Teri rose to leave. They followed Inga to the
door. A large, heavy box partially blocked their
path. Mark offered to move it. "Oh no, I will do
it", said Inga. She easily lifted the box and
carried it to a spot six feet way. Mark noted her
strength. What was it about her that affected him
this way? He thought about this as he and Teri
drove to get their things.

**The Business Trip**:

Teri started her new job the following Monday.
Their plan was for Mark to take a couple of weeks
off to set up the new place. He would take care
of the details like the phone, cable and
furniture. Then he would look for a job. In the
meantime, he could also explore the area and
relax a bit.

When Teri got home that first night, she had some
startling news. "My first day, and they want to
send me to New York on business! I leave tomorrow
and I won't be back until Friday. Can you believe
this?"

"It is kind of sudden. But they must have a lot
of faith in you, honey", said Mark. Then he
thought of the time he would be without her. It
would be a long four days.

That night, they made tender love and held each
other close. In the morning, he watched her leave
for the airport.

With nothing better to do, Mark walked around the
apartment complex. He saw another tenant washing
his car, and decided to say hello.

After exchanging small talk, Mark asked how he
liked the living at the complex. "Great place to
live", the man said, "but the landlady's kind of
strange".

"In what way?", asked Mark.

"Well, since her husband left, she seems
love-starved. She always after half the men in
this complex Most of the guys avoid her though".

Mark could see why. Probably her strength and
manner intimidated them. As he walked back to the
apartment, he was still thinking about Inga, when
he turned a corner and almost walked into her.

They both laughed about the near accident, and
Mark was about to go when Inga coughed, and said,
"Oh Mark, by the way, I did not give you your
parking permit yet. Why don't you come by in an
hour to pick it up?" Mark agreed to do this.

An hour later, Mark found himself at Inga's door.
She let him in, and he followed her, just like
the first time. Then she said, "Would you like a
drink?"

Surprised, Mark said, "It's a bit early yet. I
don't know...". Inga went ahead anyway and
prepared a gin and tonic for her visitor. It
looked so good on this hot day he couldn't say
no. But before she brought it over, Inga turned
away. She seems to be speaking strange words over
the drink that Mark could not understand. Then
she turned back with a smile.

Inga sat back and watched Mark enjoy the best gin
and tonic he ever had. She started talking in an
animated fashion and moved ever closer to him.
Then she reached for his leg.

Slightly flushed, Mark remembered something he
had to do. He hurriedly got up and stumbled for
the front door. Only when he was outside and
halfway to his apartment did he remember the
parking permit.

**Life under Inga:**

Mark was back at Inga's a couple of hours later.
He felt weak and had a blinding headache. He
blamed the drink. Not knowing what to do, he
sought Inga for help.

She led him into her bedroom, and helped him to
lay down. She got him aspirins and a glass of
water. Then she drew the shades, making the room
very dark, and left.

Mark, feeling very grateful, fell into a deep
sleep.

The next morning, the shades were up, and
sunshine filled the room. Mark slowly woke up. He
noticed his clothes were gone. Then he had the
shock of his life

He was a tiny three inch man, a mere speck on
Inga's huge bed. His pillow was the size of a
house. Then it struck him: Where was Inga?

As if on cue, her heard her footsteps. Inga's
place had old hardwood floors, and as she walked
closer, the vibration and noise grew more
intense.

She pounded her way into the room, and over to
the bed. Inga looked at Mark for a moment, smiled
and picked him up. Her grip was incredibly tight.
She brought him closer and opened her hand so
that he could sit in her palm. Then she talked,
firmly but soothingly.

"You have been shrunk. You will live here, under
me. Forget about your old life. If you obey me,
we will be very happy. If not...". Inga did not
finish, but Mark got the idea.

After a day or two, Mark had an inkling of life
under Inga. He lived in her dollhouse during the
day. She shared all of her meals with him. Then
they spent the nights together.

About the third night, Mark was introduced to
Giantess Sex. Inga would allow Mark to roam her
still shapely body and face, but then, she would
insist on her own pleasure. She inserted a small
platform between her buttocks and legs for Mark
to stand on. She would set Mark there, and then
part her lips with huge fingers. Mark would then
spend up to a hour licking, caressing and
massaging her gigantic clitoris. When she began
to climax, the fingers would push Mark's small
body into her moist cavity. His whole body became
involved, as she frantically slid, rubbed, and
pushed Mark against her swollen clit. Inga
screamed as she came, all over Mark.

As the spent giantess caught her breath, Mark
slowly made his way up the landscape that was
Inga. He would settle into the soft spot just
under Inga's throat, and try to sleep. She would
later set him on his side of the bed, so she
wouldn't crush him.

**Teri Returns**:

Mark lost track of the days as he adjusted to
this new life. During the day, Inga would put him
in the old dollhouse. He was instructed to hide
from visitors, usually girls and women of all
ages whose memories of childhood were awakened.
Inga would remain close by at all times, to keep
tabs on her small lover.

Mark amused himself watching and listening to
Inga's visitors. Late one evening, however, he
heard a familiar voice from Inga's kitchen. It
was Teri! From the dollhouse window he strained
to see and hear.

"...back for a few hours and no sign of Mark. I
just don't know where he could be. I'm about to
call the police. Have you seen him, Inga?"

Mark could tell that Teri was very worried. Inga
reassured Teri that he would be found, and not to
worry. Mark wanted to scream out to Teri, but he
remembered Inga's warnings. So he sat and looked
helplessly at his beloved girlfriend.

When Teri left, Inga came over to take Mark to
bed. She looked at him and said, "You were wise
to stay quiet. You belong to me. We will make
love now, and you will devote yourself to me. You
do enjoy our lovemaking, don't you?"

Mark had to admit that he did. But he missed his
girlfriend terribly. He wondered how she would
react to his new size, even if she did discover
him. Maybe she would reject him. Mark couldn't be
sure.

In bed, Mark worked harder than ever to please
his giantess. She rewarded him with a bit more
tenderness and affection. But he could not remove
Teri from his mind.

**Annetta**

The next day, Mark was whiling away the time in
his house, when he noticed a new visitor in
Inga's kitchen. She was a young, raven-haired
woman, chatting with Inga. Mark caught sight of
her face and figure and was attracted to her
immediately. She had large, kind eyes and a
pleasant smile.

There was a knock, and Inga suddenly got up to
answer it. The raven-haired woman glanced about
the room, her eyes finally resting on the
dollhouse. She couldn't resist. Mark watched her
get up and walk towards him.

He knew what he would do. Mark had decided he
would try to contact the next person to approach
the dollhouse, as long as Inga wasn't nearby.
This would be his best chance to get back to
Teri. It was risky, but he had to try.

Mark came out of his house, and stood still in
front of the door. He would let the woman see
him, but he would not speak right way. He did not
want to frighten her.

She walked to the side of the house and slowly
came to the front. When she saw a small man, she
thought it must be a doll. But it was incredibly
lifelike. Wait, it was breathing!

"Are you real?", she asked, in a hoarse whisper.

He paused before answering. "Yes", he said in a
loud, clear voice.

She lowered her head, and her large brown eyes
drank him in. "How did..."

"Inga did this. My girlfriend is looking for me.
I need your help. Please take me, now!"

The woman, still in shock, looked around. They
could both hear and feel Inga's footsteps
returning to the kitchen.

"Quick, in your bra!", pleaded Mark. In a flash,
she undid her blouse's top button, picked up
Mark, slipped him in, and rebuttoned. Mark was
impressed with her speed.

She then turned back to face Inga.

"Are you admiring my dollhouse, Annetta? It's not
for sale you know." Inga looked at her with a bit
of suspicion.

"Yes, it's lovely. I can see why you don't want
to part with it. Well, I have to be going now.
Goodnight, Inga". Annetta started for the door in
measured strides. Mark could tell she was holding
her breath, and he tensed up as well.

In a moment, though, the air felt different. They
were outside now, and the sun had just gone down.
Annetta did not return to her apartment, but went
to her car instead. She started it , drove a few
blocks away, and parked in a private spot. Then
she took out Mark.

Annetta listened as Mark talked about his
experience, about Inga, and about Teri, who must
be sick with worry by now. Annetta wanted to help,
and said she would return Mark to his girlfriend.
But she had a favor to ask. "Anything", Mark
said.

"Let me take you down to the beach. Just for a
little while. We can lay down together and look
at the stars. It's kind of a special place for
me, and I'd like to share it with you. I promise
I'll take you to Teri afterwards."

Mark agreed. She was very pleasant to be around,
and he believed her. He also wanted to repay her
for her kind act.

**Conclusion**

It was very dark at the beach. Annetta took a
large blanket from her trunk. She walked to a
secluded spot amidst the tall grass, and spread
the blanket out. They could both smell the sea
and hear the ocean waves lapping the shore.

Annetta lay down and set Mark on top of her.
"Please make yourself comfortable", she said. He
decided to lay down on her generous chest. They
both gazed up at the sky.

They talked quietly about little things. She
showed him where Polaris was. He found the Big
Dipper. They imagined the strange worlds that
revolved around those millions of suns. Then they
stopped talking altogether, and just enjoyed each
other.

They both sensed it was time. Annetta packed up to
go, and on the drive home, he sat right by her,
feeling a new closeness with his rescuer. He did
want to return to Teri, but hated to leave this
lovely woman.

Mark was concerned about Teri, and how she would
react to his new size. He expressed his concerns
to Annetta. "The last time she saw me I was
normal-sized. She won't understand what's
happened. Hell, even I don't understand".

Annetta's voice was kind. "We'll make her
understand. I'll stay with you as long as you
want. I just want everything to work out between
you".

They arrived, and Annetta pulled into her parking
space. "But if you ever need a friend, remember,
I'm just over in 102". She thought for a moment.
"Hmmm. I'd better give you my phone number too".
She found a pen and paper and wrote her number as
small as she could. Then she folded it and handed
it to Mark

Annetta got out, picked up Mark, and headed up the
walk to his apartment. A light was on. Annetta
held him up to her face for a quick kiss, and
then gave him one last look with her huge eyes.
Then she stood up straight, took a deep breath,
and knocked.

The End
