---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Abducted by Abigail
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- F+/m+
- bond
- kidnap
- rope
- gag
- chastity
- smother
- naked
- collar
- reluct
- nc
- X
date: 2021-11-17 00:00:00
---

*“Is this Abigail Scranton?”* the woman on the phone asked.

“Yes,” I answered sleepily.

I tried to keep my voice down so I wouldn’t wake my pets. The boys were happily laying their heads on my tits, nipples just inches from their mouths. Once they woke they would be suckling waiting for their mistress to play with them.

“This is Carol from the local Temple of Domina.”

“How can I help you?”

“You have been selected to perform a task for the Royal Family.”

“Very funny.”

“*Omnis mulier meretur amor servus.*”

I sat up in bed, now fully awake. My bound pets rolled over groaning. To invoke the sacred oath of Domina would cause you to be excommunicated if discovered to be lying. By Domina, this woman was serious.

“Why me?”

“*We’ve been watching you since you applied for our task force*.”

“That was years ago. I chose not to pursue it again after you passed.”

“*Domina waits for you to be ready for her needs before she chooses you. You are very useful for her needs now*.”

“How’s that?”

“*Are you familiar with StarSigns?*”

Of course, I was. It was impossible *not* to know the biggest KPOP group on the planet. Three brothers: Saja, the deep one; Suscheonyeo who everyone called Susche in America, the bad boy; and Ge, the sweet one.

“I am.”

“*Princess Anastasiya is their biggest fan*.”

Most girls on the planet claimed the same thing but none were the sole heir to an unimaginably wealthy island kingdom *and* religious empire.

“I don’t understand how this connects to me.”

“*They are currently on tour with American fetish-rock singer BludCherry*.”

I smiled at the memories of my college roommate and lover. Back then her rocker name was Black Lipstick.

“*She has promised to deliver the group to us as a birthday present for the princess. Being a novice, she needs help to pull off such an audacious act. She had requested your help.*”

I needed to thank her later, I thought sarcastically.

*“If you agree to do this you will be named her sponsor. She will live with you for a yearlong apprenticeship.”*

I smiled wickedly. The thought of her naked body pressed up against mine was very tempting indeed.

*“If you should somehow succeed, you will be placed on the Queen’s List.”*

My eyes widened. The Queen’s List. Being on the list meant you were fully financed for the rest of your life. As long as you kidnapped one person a month the Temple would cover all your bills and provide you with almost limitless spending money. Being on the list meant you got a home on the Isle of Domina when one became available.

She would be a fool to pass up such a golden opportunity.

“I’m in.”

*“Excellent. Be at the Burbank Convention Center one week from today.”*

I arrived at the convention center, a jumble of nerves and excitement. Cherry, as she now called herself, told me to meet her out back. When I did, I was not disappointed. She looked as stunning as ever in her little leopard print halter top and shorts. Her long luscious legs I had wrapped around me many college nights were encased in long black rubber high-heeled boots. Her dyed blue hair matched her striking eyes.

“Hey there, Baby girl.”

“Abi!”

Cherry jumped up and hugged me tight. This was not a sexual act like I was used to with her, she seemed like holding me was the only thing keeping her upright.

“What’s wrong?”

“It’s… it’s just the job. It’s got me all worked up.”

“I see that. Why did you promise such a thing?”

“I didn’t have any choice in the matter.”

I looked for something to change the subject.

“So, you finally took the plunge, huh?”

She looked confused for a minute.

“You joined Domina.”

“Oh yeah. What can I say? All those years of you going on and on about it planted the seed. Recent events just made it clear I was ready.”

“Give me the grand tour.”

Cherry took my hand and walked me through the backdoor into the busy inner workings of the backstage world. Men and women ran by with rolling racks of clothing, clipboards, amps, documents and Domina knew what else.

“How did you get this gig?” I asked. “Don’t take this the wrong way but you’ve never exactly been mainstream.”

“I know, right?” she laughed.

It sounded a little sad to me.

“A representative for the band contacted me. Turns out one of them is Domina curious. I still don’t know which one it was.”

Two boys walked out of one of the rooms. I say boys but they were clearly nineteen. These two were clearly twins. Save for their hair. One had no pigment in his hair making it look stark white.

“Hello, Miss Cherry,” the dark-haired boy said, blushing.

“Hello, Tuseoggi,” Cherry said sweetly, stroking his cheek.

This was the first time since I got here she had a genuine smile on her face.

“Ready for the show?”

His English was flawless.

“You know it.”

“Are you part of the act?” the white-haired twin asked me, suspicious.

“No, Yeomso, she’s my friend,” Cherry told him. “She’s here to help me with a problem.”

“Nice to meet you. For security purposes I must ask you to wait in her dressing room.”

“Oh? Are you going to make me?” I teased.

“I… I…”

“Calm down kid. I’ll be glad to hang out in the lap of luxury.”

Luxury turned out to be an overestimation on my part. Don’t get me wrong, it was a nice room but not ‘KPOP superstar’ nice.

After the show she sauntered into the room and plopped down into my lap.

“Just like old times,” I remarked.

“So, what’s the plan?”

“Down to business. Alright.”

This was not like her. I reached for the schedule she had stolen for me.

“There is no show tomorrow, right?”

“Right, they spend the last day in each city relaxing at the hotel or out on the town.”

“This is where everyone plans to be. First we need to get rid of their security detail.”

She held up a box of laxatives from her countertop.

“You’re evil.”

“No, motivated. Who do we take first?”

That would be the older brother Saja. He was a philosophy major back home. He loved to invite women up to his room and wax philosophical to them. This was my in. Some flirting with the manager allowed me to steal a master key. I let myself into Saja’s room and got into position.

Saja came in stroking the little scruff of a goatee that clung to his chin. Cherry said that even in the few weeks she had been traveling with the band she was able to tell he was obsessed with the little thing. He would spend hours on end trimming and brushing it, making it just right. He thought it made him look worldly and knowledgeable, I supposed. His eyes threatened to pop out of his head. And why shouldn’t they. They were trying to take me in after all.

I lay spread out on his white couch and white shaggy blanket. I wore nothing but a matching set of flower-patterned bra and panties along with long white trimmed pantyhose. I made sure my breasts were on full display.

“Hello,” I said.

He said to say anything intelligible in English or as I suspect Korean.

“My name’s Abigail.”

“Saja.”

“I know that, silly, that’s why I’m in your room. I hear you’re the one responsible for all those deep sayings in your songs.”

“Ah yes, those.”

He regained his composure, now dealing with a subject he was all too familiar with.

“Life gifted me with these thoughts, so I put them into the songs. When life gives you lemons and all that. But if life is the lemon, then where is the tree?”

He beamed, proud of that one. He wasn’t passing any of those philosophy classes, was he?

“This must be chaos for a thinker like yourself.”

“Among creatures born into chaos, a majority will imagine an order, a minority will question the order, and the rest will be pronounced insane.”

Alright, there was only so much of this bullshit I could take.

“I have a philosophy of my own.”

“Oh, you do?”

“It’s about the freedom of captives.”

“Do go on.”

The fact he was clearly humoring me made this so much more delicious.

“I believe the only man on Earth who is truly free is one who has been kidnaped by a woman.”

“What makes you say that?”

I sat up and looked at him, pretending to be surprised by his words.

“Because any man who is free is obviously trapped.”

“I’m afraid I don’t follow.”

 “Of course not, Saja, you’re a prisoner yourself.”

“No, I’m not,” he said, taken aback.

I slipped up off the couch and began approaching him.

“Can you go wherever you want? Can you see anyone you want? Can you do anything without sending security out first?”

“Well, no…”

I came within inches of him.

“Can you do anything you want? Anything? Without consequence? Or do you have to abide by society’s rules and expectations?”

He tried to answer but could not. I wrapped myself around him.

“As a captive you are free. Someone else has responsibility for you. Control over you. As her prisoner you can do whatever you want. You are being held captive, forced to do so at her command. You never be blamed. You are free. You are no longer a member of polite society. You can be who you truly are, deep down.”

I kissed him before shoving him to the floor.

“And what you are is horny.”

I began ripping his clothes off as if in the throws of passion. Thinking he was getting lucky he let me have at it. That was his undoing. I grabbed ropes from under the bed and lashed him up into a tight hogtie. As he yelled out I shoved a ball-gag in. I then locked a chastity cage over his junk.

“Your penis now belongs to Princess Anastasiya of the Isle of Domina. Once your brothers are kidnapped too we’ll ship you to her. Only she can touch your little man now.”

He moaned.

“Something else to think about? I hear she likes a bare chin.”

He screamed in terror.

I met Cherry in the lobby of the hotel in more ‘tasteful’ clothing.

“Our philosopher is secure in his room,” I told her.

“Excellent.”

Tuseoggi arrived beaming.

“I delivered the coffee to the security people like you asked. Sure was nice of you to buy it for them.”

I smiled at the naïve lad.

“No, thank you for handing them out.”

Cherry hugged him and the boy almost fainted. Yeomso arrived from the elevator. Seeing me he blushed.

“I want to apologize for last night, I was very rude.”

“You can talk tough to me anytime,” I teased.

All he could do was stutter.

“Yeomso,” Cherry asked, “do you know where your brothers are?”

So, they were the trio’s little brothers. This complicated things.

“Ge is doing an interview live and Susche is headed to the pool.”

“Thank you, sexy,” I told him. “That deserves a special thank you.”

I kissed his lower lip and turned and left smiling at the flood of sensations I knew he was having.

I waited in the water for him to arrive. Susche, the brooding bad boy with the buff bod, soon came into view wearing only his trunks and carrying a towel. I got into position.

I watched him as I swam, ass in the air. I knew I had him. He couldn’t take his eyes off me. I licked my lips at the thought.

“Come on in, I don’t bite.”

“What if I want you to bite,” he teased back.

He slipped into the water but stayed back.

“Then I’ll take my time and taste every inch of you.”

He couldn’t take his eyes off of me. It was time to have my fun. I stood up.

My red spotted swimsuit caught his eye and his breath. I watched his trunks bulge. I marched forward, ready to pounce.

“Such a strapping lad, I’ve read all about you. Quite the ladies’ man. I can’t wait to see some of those patented moves you brag about in your articles.”

As I said this, I straddled his lap and began to kiss and thrust. His breathing rose from lust to pure panic.

“I’m going to fuck you right now.”

He shoved me back into the water and ran for the hotel like I was trying to kill him.

“Little bitch!”

Cherry came running up to me.

“What happened?”

“He’s been putting on airs,” I said as I clambered back onto my feet. “He’s never been with a woman in his life. I scared him off.”

“God damnit, Abi! This is all fucked up! We’re never going to get him now! I’m so fucked!”

“What the hell is going on with you?!”

She was almost in tears at this point.

“I fucked up, Abi! Big time!”

“Tell me what happened.”

“I never got my music career off the ground. Years after college I was drowning in debt. I met a woman who knew more about Domina than even you. She convinced me to convert. She taught me things. She helped me summon a demigoddess.”

“Really? Which one?”

“Demi Rose.”

I whistled. Demi Rose was the goddess of wishes. If you made a good case before her she would grant your greatest wish.

“She gave me a fighting chance.”

“What went wrong?”

“I was tricked. The woman had been a Kaal.”

My eyes widened more. Kaal were our demons.

“She captured Demi Rose.”

“Domina.”

“That’s why I had to do this. I have to get back in the Temple’s good graces. Domina only knows what punishments await me for letting the daughter of one of the goddesses be captured.”

“But it was an accident.”

“Do you think they care? No, I’m about to be smited. It’s over.”

“No, it’s not. I’m going to make this right. Go get Ge. I’ll track down our wayward lover.”

Ge stepped out of the studio and into the limo he had waiting. He did a double take when he found he was not alone.

“Cherry?”

She had changed into typical clothes, looking more like a traditional American woman and less like a dominatrix as she did when on stage. It wasn’t modest, her large tits were on display for all to see.

“Hello, Ge.”

“What are you doing here?”

“Kidnapping you.”

He laughed at her strange joke.

“I’m serious. Ge, Abigail and I already have Saja tied up in his room. Abi is taking care of Susche as we speak.”

It dawned on him that this woman was deadly serious.

“Why would you do that?”

“You are being shipped to The Isle of Domina to become the private property of Princess Anastasiya.”

“Get out of my car.”

She grabbed him and shoved his face into her tits. He screamed and struggled. She held him tightly against her, cutting off all air.

“That’s it, get it all out of your system.”

He did. He thrashed till he passed out. The limo took off and the well bribed driver never said a word.

I sat outside the nightclub in my sparkling silver dress. I waited for my prey to arrive. And arrive Susche did. As soon as he neared, I jumped out of my hiding place and grabbed his arm.

“What are you doing here?” he whispered in near panic.

“We have both your brothers hostage.”

“What?!”

“Shush. They will not be harmed, provided you play along.”

“What do you want me to do?”

“Surrender.”

“What?”

“You’re going to live on a tropical island as the boyfriends of a gorgeous princess who will make sure you never run out of money. Doesn’t that sound nice?”

“I guess so.”

“You will continue to perform and tour but do so as part of a royal family of sexy, horny women. Will you come with me quietly?”

“Yes,” he said quietly, head down.

“Good boy.”

The three performers were bound and gagged in the buff just a few rooms down. Each had a chastity cage on, marking them as property of the Princess. Cherry was in the other room making final delivery arrangements. I was attending to a loose end. There was a knock on the door to the suite I had let myself into with the master key.

“Come in.”

The door opened and Yeomso entered. He closed it and locked it behind him, trying not to stare at me. It was impossible given the circumstances.

I sat naked on the bed. My only cover was my hand and a stolen guitar.

“Do you know why I asked you in here?”

“To kidnap me.”

I raised my eyebrow.

“I set this whole thing up.”

I patted the bed next to me. She scampered up onto the bed next to me.

“Explain.”

“I put feelers to everyone in the music industry I could find connected to the Temple of Domina. I have always been a sub and have been looking for a mistress for years. When I heard about how the princess wants my brothers, I knew I had my chance.”

“You arranged to have your own brothers kidnapped?”

“I know she will never hurt them, it goes against the teachings. Besides they could use being bossed around for once in their lives. I do all the planning, write the songs, manage media appearances, everything. Let someone else do it from now on. I just want to lounge around and be taken care of.”

“You want to be a pet.”

“Yes! A pet! Can I be your pet?”

I kissed him.

“You were the moment I saw you.”

I locked a collar around his neck.

“Now, strip.”

Now boxed up in crates wrapped like birthday presents, the three main members of StarSigns were loaded into the back of the van the Temple sent and were carried away. We remained behind. Yeomso stood naked next to me, save for his collar and leash. A teary-eyed Tuseoggi stood next to Cherry watching them go.

“I’m going to be all alone now,” he said.

“No, you won’t,” Cherry told him.

“You can visit them all the time. Even go on tour with them when they come back.”

He sniffled.

“I guess.”

“You still have Yeomso.”

“But he’s going to be living with Abigail.”

“So will I. Which means you will too.”

“What?”

She yanked him close and kissed him hard.

“Did you really think I wasn’t going to keep you all to myself?”
