---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kristen in Custody
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- F/f
- sbf
- bondage
- reluct
- XX
---

8
**Kristen's Story**
Kristen In Custody
(Sequel to 'The Bilbo')
by Zack
Copyright
2001.  All rights reserved.

"Joan, you must be crazy!  I can't possibly do that."

"Why not, Kristen?  You like to run around outside naked and chained."

"Yes, but that's in the summer.  There's snow on the ground now!"

"But it's melting.  The air temperature is over 40.  To somebody
from Minnesota that's shirt-sleeve weather."

"Yeah, but it's not bare-assed naked weather."

"OK, Kristen.  But if I had lost the bet I would have done what
you told me to do."

That made me stop and think.  Joan and her sister Jane were the
closest friends I'd made since I moved to northern Arizona.  That
they were interested in bondage games was a bonus, and I didn't want to
do anything to strain our friendship.

"Tell me again what you want me to do."

"It's simple.  We'll drive out of town to this farm road I know
about.  You take off your clothes and I fasten your hands behind your
back.  The wrist cuffs from that bilbo you made will be fine for that,
since you don't like police handcuffs.  Then you get out and I drive
down the road a half-mile or so.  You run to the car.  It won't
take you more than five minutes, and then we come back here for some more
fun."

"You promise that you'll be there?  I know how much your family
likes practical jokes."  I really know.  Since I met them they've
made me believe that I was going to be branded and sold as a slave girl,
and that I was going to be branded and used as a bondage dummy by a sadistic
sorority.

"I promise.  I won't drive more than a half-mile, and I'll wait
in the car with the door unlocked until you get there."  I thought
about it.  If it were summer I could believe that Joan might drive
away and leave me naked in the middle of nowhere, but now it was too cold
to be outside and naked for very long, and I knew that she'd never do anything
that might damage me.

"OK, I'll do it."

"Great!  It'll be a lot of fun.  I'm glad that you have weekends
off now."

I work as a diesel mechanic at a big truck stop on the Interstate. 
Until recently I worked days with Tuesdays and Wednesdays off, but I recently
changed to the second shift with weekends off.  I didn't have to be
back at work until Monday afternoon, so it was like I had a three-day weekend
every week.  It still seemed kind of strange to me that it was Saturday
morning and I wasn't at work.

Joan collected what we'd need and we drove until we were about five
miles outside of town.  She made a U-turn and stopped the car. 
She opened the door and said, "OK, here we are." I looked around. 
The road was narrow, but it was paved and it didn't look to me like it
was some farmer's driveway.

"Joan, are you sure that this is the right place?  This looks like
a public road."

"Well, it is, but it doesn't go anywhere except to a few farms farther
along.  There is almost no traffic.  But would you really want
a private road?  I thought that you got a thrill out of the chance
of discovery." She was right about that.  I could feel the familiar
sensations building inside me.  I got out of the car and took off
all of my clothes except for my socks and running shoes.  Zowie, it
was cold!  My nipples instantly hardened.

Joan stepped behind me and put my wrists into the U-shaped cuffs and
fastened them together with a bolt that went through the holes near the
open ends of the cuffs.  My forearms were parallel, with my hands
pointing in opposite directions, and I could almost touch my elbows with
my fingertips.  I had made these cuffs to fit me, so they were snug
without being tight enough to restrict my circulation, but the position
of my arms was putting a strain on my shoulders.  Joan was still working
on the cuffs and I looked back and saw that she had pliers in her hand.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I'm putting a cotter pin through the hole in the end of the threads. 
That will make it more secure."

Yes, it would do that.  It also meant that I could be released
only by somebody with tools. Joan got into the car and drove off, and I
started to jog after her.  There was snow piled at the edges of the
road, but the pavement was dry and it wasn't any harder to run than it
usually is when my hands are tied behind my back.  I had been running
for a few minutes when I heard a car behind me.  I looked back and
saw that it was a police car!

I turned and ran off the road.  I didn't expect that I could outrun
the cop, but I thought if I could get onto private property it might make
it harder to bring a charge of public indecency.  I didn't get too
far.  The snow piled up at the edge of the road slowed me down, and
I hadn't even started to climb the wire fence at the edge of the field
when I felt a hand grab my upper arm.  I started to lose my balance
and I threw my head back and felt it hit something.

The cop yelled, "OW! That's my nose!  What is this, some sort of
sorority initiation?"

I was kind of flattered that he thought I was young enough to be a college
girl.  I nodded yes.

"Well, you're still under arrest."  He looked at my hands. 
"You seem to be cuffed securely enough."

The deputy sheriff (as I now knew he was) opened the back door of the
patrol car and helped me inside.  He tucked a blanket around me and
fastened my seat belt  Then he pulled a black nylon hood over my head. 
I heard the ratchet as he tightened a cable tie until the bottom of the
hood just touched my neck, and he twisted the hood until a hole was opposite
my mouth.  I could breathe, but I couldn't see anything.

"What is this hood for?" I asked.

"New policy.  The hood makes it harder to escape and it's also
part of the lawsuit settlement."

"What lawsuit?"

"Some women sued the county.  They said they were humiliated and
degraded by being displayed in public in handcuffs.  If you're hooded
nobody can tell who you are, so you can't be humiliated."

He closed the door and we drove off.  Before too long I could hear
traffic sounds and I knew we were in the city.  After a while the
car stopped and the deputy helped me out of the back seat.  He rewrapped
the blanket and held it closed in the back as he guided me up some stairs
and through a door.  I was led across a room and seated in a chair,
and a leg iron was locked onto my right ankle.  I tried to move my
foot but the other leg iron was attached to something solid.

"Hello, Marge.  How's it going?" the deputy said.

A woman answered, "Oh, just the usual.  Who have we here?"

"Just the usual.  She's naked under that blanket.  Can you
find something for her to wear?"

"We don't have any spare clothing, but I'll see if I can find something."

The deputy got my attention and read me my rights.  He asked what
my name was, and I considered giving a false one, but I decided that they
could identify me easily enough and I didn't want to risk an additional
charge.  I told him who I was and where I lived and all the other
usual information and I guess he wrote it all down. The deputy pulled me
to my feet and took the blanket.  I thought about protesting but decided
it was too late to bother, because he had already seen all of me.

"OK, Marge, she's all yours.  See you later."  the deputy
said. I could hear the leg iron being released from whatever it was fastened
to and then it was locked on my left ankle.  A hand grabbed my bare
arm and urged me across the room.

"Now I'm going to fingerprint you and then I'll let you use the toilet. 
I know you won't give me any trouble when I free your hands."

"I won't cause any trouble.  Please, can I have something to wear?"
I pleaded.

"When we're finished with this." Marge must have had some pliers, because
she removed the cotter pin and unscrewed the nut on the bolt holding me
in the cuffs.  I groaned with relief when I could move my arms again.
My fingerprints were taken and then I was guided into the rest room. 
Marge helped me wash the ink off my fingers and then led me to a toilet
stall.  When I was alone I tried to remove the hood, but the tie around
my neck kept it in place.  I peed and dried myself by touch.

When I came out of the stall Marge put my cuffs back on me the way they
were before.  I asked her to put them on in front but she curtly refused,
and I didn't think it would be smart to annoy her.

"Please, Marge.  What is this place and what is going to happen
to me?" I asked.

"You're at the county courthouse, and pretty soon you'll have a custody
hearing."

"A custody hearing?  What's that?"

"It's something the court set up mainly because of all the college students
in this town.  Before, they would get arrested Friday night and they'd
have to stay in jail until they were arraigned on Monday.  That was
costing the county plenty even before the Federal court ordered an end
to the jail overcrowding.  Now someone who is arrested has a hearing
today before a magistrate who decides to either hold them in custody or
to release them on their own recognizance.  Usually only people charged
with a felony are held in custody.  You got here just in time. 
If you had been an hour later you'd have been too late for the hearing
and you would have been in jail until Monday."

I felt a lot better when I heard what Marge had to say.  Indecent
exposure was only a misdemeanor, so I should be out of here in an hour
or so. Marge led me into another room and I stood there while she did something
with paper.  I felt something go over my head and cover my body. 
I heard a stapler and felt the covering get tighter.

"What is this, Marge?"

"It's your new outfit.  All I have is a roll of brown wrapping
paper, so I made you a poncho.  The sides are just stapled together,
so don't put any strain on them or you'll be exposed to the world. 
Let's go, it's almost time for your hearing."

Marge led me into another room and sat me on a bench.  I could
hear a chain rattling to my right.

"Hello, is someone there?" a woman asked.

"Yes.  From your question I'd say that you're hooded, too." 
I replied.

"Yes, I am.  My name is Linda.  I can't believe this is happening
to me!"

"My name is Kristen.  What were you arrested for?"

"I don't really know.  I was driving less than ten miles an hour
over the speed limit and I was stopped by a traffic cop.  I was annoyed,
because my driver's license expired three weeks ago, and I knew I'd get
another ticket for that.  The officer took my license back to his
car and I guess he checked me out on his computer.  Then he came back
and pulled me out of my car and arrested me!  He handcuffed me and
put this hood over my head, and I've been like this for hours."

"It might be mistaken identity.  There may be a warrant out for
someone with the same name as yours." I said.

"I hope that I can get it straightened out soon.  I live in Tucson
and I've got to get back home."

An official-sounding voice called Linda's name and I heard her chain
rattle as she got up from the bench.  It sounded like her hood was
removed. The official voice said, "You have been charged with driving with
a suspended license.  Since this is a felony you will have to be held
in custody until your arraignment on Monday."

"But my license wasn't suspended!  It had just expired because
I forgot to renew it." Linda cried.

"That may be true.  The Motor Vehicle Department computer reported
that it was suspended, but it's notorious for having bad data.  However,
the purpose of this hearing is only to determine if you can be released
on your own recognizance or if you have to be held in custody.  Is
there anybody who will be responsible for your custody?"

"No, I don't know anybody here.  Please, can't I post bail?"

"I'm not authorized to set bail.  That can only be done after you
have been arraigned.  I'm going to have to order you held in jail. 
The local jail is full to capacity, so you will be transported to Phoenix
and jailed there."

"Oh, God, no!  Everyone knows that place is a hellhole.  Please
don't send me there."

"I'm really sorry, but that is the only option.  Your arraignment
is set for 10 o'clock Monday morning.  Court will recess for ten minutes."
I could hear Linda crying, and then another woman's voice broke in. 
It sounded cruel.

"Hi, Sweety.  I'm going to drive you to Phoenix, and I've got to
secure you for the trip.  Turn around."

"What are you doing?  Oh, please don't strap my elbows.  That's
too tight!  I can't stand it!" Linda screamed.

"You sure are noisy.  Open up."

"No, please don't gag me!  I'll be mmuphh."

"What do you mean, too tight?  There must be two inches between
your elbows.  I bet I can make them touch." I heard a grunt, and then
Linda started screaming.  Even with the gag the screams were loud. 
I heard a cable tie ratchet as the hood went back on.  The screams
continued. "I'm going to put you in the car.  We'll leave as soon
as I can collect the bag lady."

A door closed and I could no longer hear the screams.  A voice
called my name and a hand on my arm helped me stand up.  My hood was
removed.  I blinked in the light and looked around the courtroom. 
Joan was seated in the audience section, and she looked worried. The judge
said, "You have been charged with resisting arrest and assaulting a police
officer.  Since these are felonies you will have to be held in custody
until your arraignment on Monday."

I almost fainted from shock when I heard this.  "My hands were
fastened behind my back!  How could I resist or assault anybody?"

"It's not the purpose of this hearing to try your case.  Is there
somebody who will be responsible for your custody?"

"I'll be responsible for her." Joan said. The judge gestured for Joan
to come forward.  When she was standing next to me in front of the
bench he spoke to her.

"Before I accept your offer I want to be sure that you understand the
responsibilities that you will be assuming.  You are guaranteeing
that the prisoner will appear at her arraignment.  If she doesn't
appear you can be charged with aiding an escape, which is a felony. 
You will also be required to keep her restrained so that she cannot be
considered a threat to public safety.  If you don't do this you will
be cited for contempt of court, and you will spend some time in jail. 
Do you understand?  Do you still want to take custody?"

"Yes, sir.  I understand and I want custody of her."  Joan
licked her lips. The judge turned to me and said,  "You don't have
to let her take custody.  You can be jailed instead." I thought about
it.  Joan is a dear friend and I know she wouldn't really hurt me,
but sometimes she lets her enthusiasm for bondage overpower her compassion
for her captive.  Being in her power for almost 48 hours might be
more than I could stand.  Then I thought of Linda's screams and of
the reputation of the jail in Phoenix.  "I agree to be held in her
custody."

The judge turned to Joan and said, "It has always been a problem to
keep the prisoner properly restrained.  Usually custody is held by
a friend or relative, and they are understandably reluctant to cause the
prisoner discomfort.  Scientists at our local university have come
up with an experimental device that they say will solve this problem."

The judge leaned over the bench and handed an open metal collar to Joan.
"This collar contains sensors that measure movement, muscular tension,
and neural flows.  It uses this information to calculate a restraint
coefficient, and if the restraint is inadequate the collar will beep. 
These beeps are counted and if they are excessive you will be cited for
contempt.  After four hours the restraint measurement is suspended
for half an hour, and to let you know this the collar will chime once at
the start of this time and twice at the end.  This does not mean that
all the prisoner's restraints can be removed, only that they can be relaxed
so she can be fed or use the toilet or something else of that nature."

"Arraignment is set for 10 a.m. Monday.  See the clerk and sign
the paperwork."

Joan turned to me and locked the collar around my neck.  The collar
chimed as it closed.  Joan picked up the hood and pulled it over my
head. "Wait here.  After I've done the paperwork I'll take you to
my house."

Joan was soon back.  She took my arm and guided me out of the building,
and we walked for some time before we reached her car.  I could hear
people all around us.  Normally, being chained in public would have
embarrassed me, but with the hood over my head I wasn't bothered. 
The hood really did eliminate humiliation.

When we got to her house Joan removed the hood and took me down to the
basement. She said, "We don't have much time before the collar starts to
beep.  I've got to get you ready."  Joan ripped off my paper
poncho.  She led me to a toilet and helped me sit down.  When
I'd finished peeing she wiped me dry. "Don't say I never provided personal
service."

We went back into the main part of the basement and she put a cushion
on the floor next to one of the steel support pillars. 
"Sit there.  I'll use the bilbo to secure you for the next four
hours." She pulled a chain around my waist and the pillar and padlocked
it.  Then she removed the leg irons and the cuffs on my wrists. 
The collar chimed twice and then it started to beep.  Joan put my
wrists and ankles in the cuffs and fastened them with one bolt.  This
held my ankles together with my wrists on the outside of my ankles. 
The beep rate slowed down, but it didn't stop.

Joan said, "It seems to want you so you can't twitch.  Move your
arms away from your body." I hunched over and moved my arms as much as
I could.  Joan pulled a rope across my chest and under my armpits
and tied it behind the pillar.  The beeping stopped. She had pulled
the rope really tight.  I complained, "That hurts.  Loosen the
rope some."

Joan said,  "Listen carefully.  You are going to be tied up
for the next two days.  I expect that much of the time you aren't
going to like it, but I don't want to hear any complaints, and I don't
want to hear any pleas for release.  If I do, I'm going to gag you
and put the hood over your head, and you will stay that way until the next
time the collar chimes.  Maybe longer.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress" I answered.  I meant it to be sarcastic, but Joan
got a funny look on her face for a minute.

Joan put a small plastic box with a button on it close to my right hand. 
"This is a wireless doorbell.  If you have a real emergency push the
button and it will ring upstairs.  John's there and he'll come to
see what's wrong.  I told him to stay out of the basement unless you
called him, but that he could play with you if he did get called. 
Pubescent boys sometimes let their hormones get the better of them, so
don't push the button unless you really, really have to."

Joan walked over to the VCR and said, "I've got to run some errands. 
I'll put on a movie to entertain you until I get back."  She held
up a tape so I could see the title.

"Not TITANIC!" I wailed.  "You're supposed to restrain me, not
torture me."

Joan started the video and headed towards the door.  She said,
"Pretend that it's you handcuffed to the sinking ship.  See you later."

Soon after the video ended Joan's sister Jane entered the basement.

"Can I do anything for you? she asked.  "Except let you loose,
of course."

"It's cool in here.  Can you put a blanket over me?"

"Certainly.  I'm going to make some lunch.  Do you want some?"

"Yes, please."

Jane tucked a blanket around me and went upstairs.  After about
ten minutes she returned carrying a tray.

"Egg salad sandwiches and milk.  Just what you need."

Jane fed me a sandwich.  "How do you feel?  Are you in pain?"
she asked.

"The rope across my chest is cutting into me and it really hurts. 
Except for that I'm not too bad.  I'd like to stretch my legs, but
otherwise I'm OK."

Jane went behind me and loosened the rope.  She rubbed the grooves
that it had cut into me.  I said, "Thank you.  It feels much
better now."

"How do you feel in general?  Is this still a turn-on?"

"I was aroused at first, of course, but after a couple of hours the
pain was all that mattered.  I'm not used to being tied up for so
long.  Two hours was my limit when my boyfriend played these games
with me."

Joan entered the basement and said to me,  "Good news, Kristen. 
I talked to a lawyer friend of mine and he'll look into the case against
you.  I explained what happened, and he doesn't think the prosecutor
has much.  I also have some presents for you." Joan opened a sack
and dumped out leather wrist and ankle cuffs.  She said, "If I lock
these cuffs on you I'll be able to quickly untie and re-tie you. 
This will give you more time to move around during the half-hour break."

When the collar finally chimed I was really ready to get out of the
bilbo.  Joan released me from it, and while I was stretching she locked
the leather cuffs on my wrists and ankles. Joan said, "Finish eating, and
then you can use the toilet.  I want to have you tied up before the
beeping starts."

It felt good to be able to move my arms and legs, but I was still fastened
to the pillar by the chain around my waist.  Before she unlocked this
Joan locked my wrist cuffs together in front, and then she put the hood
over my head.  She pulled the bottom tight around my neck and I heard
a lock click.

Joan said, "This hood is very useful.  You can have your hands
almost free, but you won't be tempted to resist. I threaded a chain through
the hem of the hood so I don't have to use those cable ties."

After I had used the toilet Joan moved me to the center of the basement
and tied my wrist cuffs to hooks in the ceiling.  My arms were spread
apart, and Joan pulled until my heels just left the floor.  Then she
fastened a three foot spreader bar between my ankles.  I was strained
and hurting, and then the torture really started.  Joan turned on
the TV and tuned it to FOX.

Four hours later Joan let me down.  I was tired and in pain. 
She locked my hands behind my back and fed me.

"If you lock my hands in front I can feed myself." I said.

"I like to feed you."

When it was time to tie me up again Joan said she wanted to try something
more stressful.  She locked my hands behind my back.  She tied
a rope around my waist and then ran a rope through my crotch, around my
wrists and back to the front.  She pulled until my back was arched
and my hands were welded to my butt.

Next she took some quarter-inch nylon rope and tied a loop around my
chest just under my arms.  The free end of the rope went up behind
my head and through a hook in the ceiling, and Joan pulled until I was
on my toes and the loop was very tight.  I didn't think I could stand
this for four hours, but I knew that Joan wasn't kidding when she threatened
to gag me, so I kept quiet.

Joan saved the worst until last.  She tied a rope to the cuff on
my right ankle, ran it through the hook in the ceiling, pulled until my
knee was bent at a right angle, and tied the end of the rope to the cuff
on my left ankle. She said, "There!  When you get tired of standing
on one foot you can hop to the other foot.  The rope around your chest
will keep you from falling."

I couldn't stand this. "Please, Joan.  Don't leave me like this."
I begged.

"What did I tell you about whining?  Open your mouth." Joan pulled
my gag out of her pocket and held it up to my mouth.  I kept my lips
sealed. "I'll give you a choice, Kristen.  You can accept this gag,
which you can breathe through, without a fuss, or I'll force a ball gag
into your mouth.  You know I can do it." I did know it.  I opened
my mouth and she put the gag in and tied it.  She pulled the hood
over my head and locked the chain around my neck. 
"See you in four hours, Kristen.  Have fun."

I was in hell.  I'd stand on one leg until it was trembling, and
then I'd hop to the other foot.  Every time I hopped the loop holding
me up would tighten until it felt like my chest would be crushed. 
I was crying, and I knew it wouldn't be long before I was screaming. 
I heard someone walk up to me.

Jane said, "This time you've gone too far, Joan.  Get her down,
now!"

"It hasn't even been two hours.  She's OK."

"No she's not.  I knew you had a mean streak, but I didn't realize
it was this deep.  Untie her!" Joan grumbled, but she took the rope
off of my ankles and untied the loop around my chest.  I would have
fallen if Jane hadn't held me up.  Joan removed the hood and took
out the gag. Joan helped me to a bed.  Jane gave me some tablets and
a drink of water, and I was out before Joan had finished tying me down.

Sunday was the same as Saturday, except that Jane made sure that Joan
didn't make my bondage too cruel for me to take.  Joan alternated
compression and expansion.  I'd be tied in a ball for four hours,
and then for the next four hours she'd stretch me out.  I was in constant,
low-level pain, and I wasn't having any fun.

When bedtime finally arrived I was tied in a spread-eagle, face up. 
I was hurting enough that I had trouble getting to sleep, but I finally
dozed off.  The collar chime woke me.  Joan was on the bed with
me.  She used her hands, lips, and tongue on my naked body until I
came, and then she left the room.  She hadn't said a word the entire
time.

For the final bondage period Joan had me stand with my back to the support
pillar.  She locked my hands behind the pillar and then tied a rope
around my waist.  For some reason the collar wouldn't stop beeping. 
Joan got more and more rope and wrapped it around me until I was in a nylon
cocoon.  When Jane saw me she laughed and said, "Gwendolyn!"

For the trip to the courthouse I was fastened the way had had been on
Saturday, with the cuffs behind my back and the leg irons.  The big
difference now was that I was wearing clothes instead of wrapping paper. 
Joan locked me into the hood and we drove off. At the courthouse Joan guided
me into the courtroom and took off the hood.  We sat at the front
of the room.

A man came over to us and said,  "Hello, Joan.  This must
be Kristen.  I'm Phil Marlow.  I looked at the evidence in your
case, and there isn't much.  I think we can get this dismissed." The
judge came into the room and a clerk called my case.  Phil, Joan,
and I went before the bench, where a woman in a suit was already standing. 
The judge officially noticed my presence and thanked Joan for keeping me
in custody.

Phil said, "Your Honor, we move that these felony charges be dismissed
for lack of evidence."

The judge asked, "Does the state object?"

The woman in the suit said, "No objection, Your Honor."

The judge said, "These charges are dismissed.  What about the indecent
exposure charge?"

Phil said, "This was foolish, but it occurred in a rural area, and the
only one who saw the public nudity was the arresting officer.  The
defendant has already spent two days in custody.  I move to dismiss
this charge in the interest of justice."

"The state has no objection."

The judge dismissed the charge and I was finally starting to relax. 
Then the judge started talking, and I listened with growing horror as he
said that I was to be held on an extradition warrant from Minnesota. 
He said that I had been indited for aggravated assault against my ex-boyfriend,
tried in absentia, convicted, and sentenced to four years in prison!

I was stunned, but I finally started to think, and something was wrong
here.  I knew that trials in absentia were only used when the defendant
was a fugitive beyond the jurisdiction of the court, and everyone back
home knew where I was.  But why would the judge say what he did? 
Then I knew.  Joan and Jane had got me again.

My safeword is 'Jingle Bells'.  I started to hum it, and everyone
roared with laughter.

Jane said, "Kristen, I'd like you to meet some of the members of the
Community Players, the amateur theater group I also belong to."

"You're all actors?  But how could you use the courthouse?"

Jane answered, "This isn't the courthouse, this is where the university
law school holds its moot court.  Our next production is a courtroom
drama, and the law school is letting us use this room for rehearsals."

"What about the collar?"

Joan answered, "John made it.  All it really does is make the chimes. 
I used a remote control to make it beep when I wanted it to."

"Was the deputy who arrested me an actor too?"

"No, he's a real deputy.  He is also our brother, Jim.  Timing
the arrest was the real challenge.  It had to happen after Jim finished
his shift and before he had to turn in the patrol car."

"Well, you really fooled me.  Linda was particularly impressive."

The woman in the suit said, "Thanks for the compliment.  We all
had a good time, and the improvisation we had to do was valuable practice."

The 'judge' said, "The law school wants their room back.  Court
is adjourned."

Everyone started to leave.  Joan said, "I forgot to bring the pliers
and the key to the leg irons.  We'll have to go home before I can
let you loose." Joan and I returned to her house and went down to the basement. 
She said, "You know this was more than a joke."

"Yes, I know.  I like bondage, but I like it best when it's part
of sex with a man.  If I were a sub, you'd be my Dom of choice, but
that's not my kink.  We can still play games, though."

Joan kissed my lips.  Then she released me. 

This
story continues in
**[Ghosts
of Kristen's past](kristens_past.html)**_

_Copyright 2001 by Zack.  All rights reserved. 
I welcome your comments.  Contact me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com
