---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bondage_burglar.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Bondage Burglar
authors:
- Helios
tags:
- M/ff
- bond
- wrap
- bodybag
- nc
- X
date: 2017-05-06 00:00:00
---

Alicia was enjoying the day off from work, not quite sure what to do
first after sleeping in a little bit before having breakfast followed by
a hot shower. After she finished drying off her hair she put on a black
strapless bra and pair of pink cotton panties, followed by her bathrobe
as she went out the front door to pick up the morning paper. Alicia was
a young woman in her early thirties in age with an average build and light
blue eyes, with light brown hair that went to her shoulders with some pale
freckles on her face, giving her a much younger appearance to the casual
observer.

"Let's see if there's anything going on in town today..." thought Alicia
as she pulled out the local event calendar. Little did she know, a masked
burglar had entered her home through the bedroom window, carefully cutting
a hole with a glass cutter in order to sneak his hand inside to unlock
it. The burglar wore a black ski-mask along with his matching black clothing
as he overheard Alicia in the living room skimming through the newspaper.
The burglar patiently waited for her to return to her bedroom as he pulled
out a bottle of ether from his pocket and poured some onto a cloth. He
then pushed over some items off her dresser, falling onto the floor to
get her attention.

"What was that?" thought Alicia innocently as she got up and entered
her bedroom, seeing some of her things on the floor. As Alicia knelt down
to pick it up the burglar struck, covering her nose and mouth from behind
with the ether soaked cloth.

"MMMMPPPHHHH!!!!" cried out Alicia as she slumped in the floor, knocked
out cold from the ether. The burglar removed her bathrobe, admiring Alicia's
body as she copped a quick feel of her petite breasts.

"Now to find something to keep you out of my way." though the burglar
as he searched through her home's utility drawers, expecting to find rope
or duct tape. Unfortunately for him, he only found some thick, course rope
in the garage.

"I'd hate to hurt that tender skin of hers with this stuff...hmmm...."
thought the burglar as he got an idea. Removing the covers off of Alicia's
queen sized bed, the burglar pulled off the large bed sheet and laid it
flat on the floor. The burglar then picked up the sleeping Alicia and laid
her onto one end of the sheet, placing her arms at her sides and legs together
as he proceeded to roll her up in the sheet, leaving only her head protruding
out. Afterwards the burglar took the coarse rope and tightly wrapped it
around the makeshift sheet cocoon he made in order to prevent Alicia unrolling
herself.

As the burglar finished tying the knots Alicia awoke, finding herself
unable to move.

"Hi there." greeted the burglar as he straddled over her cocooned body.
"Can you move?"

Alicia struggled, unable to move. "No, I can't..." she replied in frustration.

"Good. Thanks." politely said the burglar as he searched around, finding
her purse and took about $100 in cash before deciding to return to the
bedroom, finding Alicia still struggling on the floor.

"Get me out of this thing..." grunted Alicia, unable to work her arms
free of the many layers of the sheet he wrapped her up in earlier.

"Why? Can't you escape?" teased the burglar as he straddled on top of
the mummified Alicia, still bound up tight.

"No!" angrily replied Alicia.

"Are you ticklish?" asked the burglar as he gently began tickling underneath
Alicia's chin. Alicia tried to resist, as she snickered and shook her head
trying to avoid his fingers.

"I'd love to stay, but have to go...thanks!" politely said the burglar
as he slipped out her bedroom window.

Several minutes later Alicia managed to work herself out of the sheet
cocoon and called the police, reporting the burglary. As the police were
on their way to her home to get her statement, Alicia put on some clothes,
discovering how wet and moist her vagina became from the whole experience.

With that in the mind, Alicia blushed. The burglar, in the meantime,
remained at large.

**Part 2**

Shortly after his first robbery, the bondage burglar soon realized that
in order to successfully bind up his captives and rob their homes, he would
have to better observe the place in advance in order to study the routine
first and also bring his own binding supplies. A tailor by trade who worked
at home as outsourced labor from local costume companies and clothing producers,
he had a full workshop in his basement complete with the latest and best
sewing machines and access to the toughest materials on the market. With
this new strategy in mind, the bondage burglar went to work in preparing
for his next daring robbery.

In the upscale part of town, an attractive and voluptuous school teacher
named Rhonda caught the bondage burglar's eye as he casually passed by
her neighborhood. She lived alone in what appeared to be a three bedroom
duplex shared with another, who was a businessman who took frequent out
of town trips, evident by his observations of Rhonda caring for his rather
large German shepherd dog. Rhonda herself was a formidable sight, standing
around 5 foot 9 inches tall with long, naturally curly reddish brown hair,
blue eyes, had a voluptuous build, and the bondage burglar could readily
see that she worked out on a regular basis and was a very strong woman.

"I'll have to custom make something special for her." realized the bondage
burglar as he drove away and went to work that night in his basement. Taking
an old leather body bag, the bondage burglar sewed in light cotton lining
from the inside, making it soft to the skin on the interior while still
remaining a strong leather exterior. He then installed a large, heavy zipper
to open and close the leather bondage bag he was crafting, along with several
belts up and down the bag. Once complete, he measured the dimensions one
last time and compared it with his own mental estimate of Rhonda's height
and figure.

"A perfect fit." smiled the bondage burglar.

The next day for Rhonda was not much different from the day before,
as she reported to work, had a fun day teaching her students, graded some
papers after school followed by heading over to the local YMCA for a light
aerobic workout with some free weights followed by swimming a mile. Preferring
not to be crammed in the women's locker room, Rhonda simply dried herself
off, put on a pair of sweat pants, a sweatshirt, and sandals as she packed
up her gymbag and left for home. It was already early evening with the
sun already set when Rhonda arrived at her home as she unloaded her car
and got inside.

After unloading her things Rhonda went to her neighbor's side of the
duplex, where upon entering she was greeted by the neighbor's dog as she
refilled his water dish and filled up his supper dish with dog food stored
in the garage. As the German shepherd happily began eating, Rhonda decided
that it was dinner time for her also as she returned to her side of the
duplex.

Unknown to her, the bondage burglar had entered into the garage earlier
and slipped in a mild pet sedative into the bag of dog food earlier that
evening. The German shepherd soon felt drowsy after eating a couple large
mouthfuls. As the German shepherd yawned and went into his pet bed to curl
up to sleep, the bondage burglar happily smiled, knowing that one major
threat was peacefully neutralized.

Back in Rhonda's side of the duplex she had finished her dinner, which
was a salad and some leftover chicken teriyaki from the night before. Rhonda
got up, cleaned off her plate, then went to her bedroom to undress and
shower up after her workout and swim at the YMCA. As she entered, Rhonda
flicked on the light switch only to find the room still dark. Thinking
it was a burned out light bulb, Rhonda turned to go to her utility closet
to get one. Suddenly, from the shadows the infamous bondage burglar struck,
covering Rhonda's nose and mouth with cloth soaked with ether.

"MMMMMPPPHHH!!!!" cried out Rhonda as she instantly succumbed to the
ether's effects, slumping into the bondage burglar's arms as he gently
lowered her. Rhonda was significantly large than he was, as he used all
his strength to lower her down so that he could drag her into the bedroom.
Once inside the bondage burglar screwed the light bulb back in, as the
bedroom illuminated once again.

"There we are." smiled the bondage burglar as he unpacked his small
knapsack, revealing its contents as he laid it out flat on the bedroom
floor. The bondage burglar removed Rhonda's sandals, then pulled off her
sweatpants and sweatshirt to reveal her voluptous body adorned in a black
swimsuit.

"Hmmm. Nice body." commented the bondage burglar as he gently placed
Rhonda's legs first into the custom made bondage sack, placing them together.
He then picked her up from behind and maneuvered her inside, lowering her
into it as he then placed her arms at her sides. Afterwards, he zipped
up the bondage sack which went from her toes all the way up to her neck,
tightening itself around Rhonda's body. Then, the bondage burglar began
cinching and tightening the thick leather belts on the bondage sack, which
went around her ankles, then her shins, then her knees, then around her
arms at her wrists, elbows, and then finally right underneath her chest.
The bondage burglar pulled hard to tighten the belts at her buckled them,
reinforcing the already restrictive bondage sack that kept Rhonda in a
tight leather padded cocoon that left only her head protruding out.

The bondage burglar then placed her head underneath a pillow he took
from the bed and went to work, stealing Rhonda's DVD player, VCR, and cash
he found as he loaded into his knapsack. He then started his search, trying
to locate any hidden cash she may have stowed away.

Rhonda began to stir, shaking off the effects of the ether as she awoke.
Rhonda tried to sit up and move but soon realized he couldn't, as she kicked
and thrashed about on the floor.

"You've recovered already?" commented the masked bondage burglar as
he returned. "You're stronger than I thought."

"UNGH!" grunted Rhonda angrily, looking down on the leather bondage
sack she was tightly trussed. "What IS this thing?! I can't move!"

"That's the idea." replied the bondage burglar. "Custom made, just
for you, I might add."

Rhonda gave a sour expression of disgust as she tried to work her hands
up the bondage sack but couldn't because of the tight belts around her
arms. She then tried flexing her legs but still couldn't move either. Before
long, Rhonda was panting heavily, exhausted from struggling as the bondage
burglar look on, admiring her heroic but futile efforts in escaping.

"LET ME GO!!! UNGGGHHH!!!" grunted Rhonda again.

"Comfy?" asked the bondage burglar. "There's cotton padding on the
inside you know."

"Not really. I can't move." protested Rhonda. "Why am I all tied up
like this?"

"A precaution. You're a very strong woman." replied the bondage burglar.
"With a very nice body."

"Thanks...I think. What're you going to do to me?" nervously asked
Rhonda, still flexing her arms and legs.

"Nothing. I got what I wanted." replied the bondage burglar as he found
her cell phone in her purse and activated a delayed dial command and placed
in near her head. "In about twenty minutes it'll automatically dial 9-1-1
for you. By that time I'll be long gone. Bye."

"NO!!!" yelled out Rhonda as she struggled. "COME BACK HERE AND UNTIE
ME!!!!"

The bondage burglar slipped out as quickly as he came in, hopping into
his car with the stolen goods and cash and drove off. Along the way he
passed by a fabric store, offering a 50% clearance sale on selected items.

"Oh the possibilities...." smiled the bondage burglar as he pulled
into the parking lot.

The End...for now



06.10.03 | updated -
