---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Flowerchild Vs The Librarian Kidnapper
authors:
- Nicole
tags:
- F/f
- M/f
- kidnap
- bond
- costume
- superhero
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2009-08-08 00:00:00
---

Flowerchild wakes up to a pleasant sight. Her captive enemy was still at the foot of her bed and the essence of defeat. Once her blond hair cascaded over her latexed clad body as she ran amok throughout the country. Now she was reduced in a humbling cute yellow dress, hooded and cuffed to Flowerchild's bed. Well she hadn't time for her this morning and patted her on the head and got dressed.
First came her crisscrossed pantyhose. This alone has stopped many a goon in their tracks. The black bodysuit was a little tougher but one couldn't fight crime in a loose latex bodysuit... it just wasn't done. She used her blonde captive to lean on as she got her ankle boots on.
"Nice strong heel eh blondie?" Flowerchild poked her helpless captive on the rear under her skirt. She squirmed and wiggled. Weeks of this humiliation has had taken a toll on her ego.
Finally Flowerchild finished off with her mask, decorative wrist/ankle cuffs, collar and her utility belt. She smiled as she took a good long look at herself in the mirror.
"One hundred crunches, intense yoga exercises and tons of sex.... and dang I look fine." She slowly rubbed her hands over her firm body and then shook her fiery red hair out. Grinning she patted her bound captive and headed to the kitchen.
As her heels clicked down the hall she could hear a voice singing. Flowerchild couldn't believe she used to keep her maid's mouth gagged 24/7 but after she could count on her more and heard that voice... how could she keep her like that all the time.
"Good morning Maid Day."
A young dark haired girl dressed in a dark latex maid uniform turned her head and smiles, "Good Morning, I trust it you slept well?"
Flowerchild nodded and sat down. She crossed her legs and begun wiggling her foot. Maid Day always thought this a was a cute little quirk in the superheroine.
"Your paper Mistress." The chipper young maid handed Flowerchild the latest copy of the Enicar Gazette.
Flowerchild read the headline;
\*Fourth Librarian Kidnapped in District\*
This was getting ridiculous. Flowerchild couldn't find out who was kidnapping all these ladies. Each were a librarian, in their 20's, blonde but that was it. Flowerchild even did a undercover job as her alter ego Miss Flowers in a blonde wig but was a no good. Somehow this person was really really good.
Then an idea came across her devilish mind. It would take some cunning but it was time for another stakeout. She quickly told Maid Day what she had in mind and they hustle down the hallway to prepare. There was only one library that hadn't been hit and Flowerchild would need more than a blonde wig.
~That night~
A sexy blonde lady stood on the far end of the library behind the enclosed counter. She shifted on a pair of sexy black high heels as she read a book on a far side of the counter.. her back to the entrance. Her hair hanged wild down her back.
The library was scheduled to close shop soon.. but a hooded figure quietly entered. He could see the lady from afar. He lifted up a device and aimed it in her direction. The view screen read positive... this girl was a true blond. Not like that undercover cop or whomever was at the other library a few nights back. He slowly made his way to the classic literature section. Like the other places... barely any of these classics were ever touched. People today.... always online he thought.
This would be his final capture. The other girls he got were back in his hideout and ready for their special buyer. Slavery was always a good business but this current client wanted five well educated young blondes. Each had to be dressed and ready as a specific desire of his; cheerleader, maid, nurse, cowgirl.... and this last one would be the harem girl.
He held up the rag as he quietly tiptoed to the counter. Her back was still to him. He quickly jumped over and grabbed her hard... she grunted as he started to put the cloth to her face.
??Grunted as he started??
He spun her around and saw a ball lodged into her mouth. A clear strap went from the ball and around her head.... a barely visible collar, wrist cuffs and leg cuffs kept her unable to move much. The small piece of paper hanging from the collar's d-ring really made his blood ran cold.... it said "Bait".
He turned to run, but a striking masked red beauty was standing on the other side of the counter. She pulled her rock hard fist back and let it fly right across his chin... knocking him out completely.
The blonde grunted and struggled in her bonds. Flowerchild easily jumped over and cuffed the creep and stood looking at her.
"Whats wrong? You haven't been out of my bedroom in weeks and still you complain and complain. I even put you in this killer sexy outfit and help lure in a badguy. You should feel proud for doing something good for once." Flowerchild pulled out her communicator and called the police to pick up the perp.
She just looked at the once powerful Blonde Binder as she helplessly struggled with the clearly there bindings. "Time to go home hun and back to your place at the foot of my bed."
The Blonde Binder shook her head but it did no good. Flowerchild easily picked her up and slung her over her shoulder. A few smacks on the rear and she decided to be good on the way back to Flowerchild's lair. One day the Blonde Binder would be free and exact her revenge on this ginger haired do-gooder... one day.
~The police arrived and arrested the creepy kidnapper. Soon enough all the captive librarians were freed and sent on there way. Oddly enough they all wanted to keep the sexy outfits they were dressed in and the bondage gear too... and the thought that librarians were dowdy soon disappeared in the city. Flowerchild was inspired by the kidnappers plan and dressed The Blonde Binder in a harem outfit and kept her bound and hooded at the foot of her bed.~
The End...for now
