---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/internet_mistress.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Internet Mistress
authors:
- Subgamble
tags:
- Sbm
- D/s
- bdsm
- cons
- X
date: 2005-04-24 00:00:00
---

Internet Mistress by Subgamble
This story is entirely fantasy and is not intended
to represent any real people or places.  This is not intended for
minors and should not be put where minors have access to it.  If stories
containing explicit sexual acts and kinky activities offend you go read
the comic pages.  You have been warned.

Mel had always been interested in bondage. 
He has a ton of bondage gear and read every story he could get, for free,
on the Internet.  He had been practicing self-bondage for years. 
Now he needed the real thing.  Mel found thousands of ads from women
wanting to tie up and punish men for a large sum of money.  He really
couldn’t afford them on his salary.  Mel had taken to logging on bondage
chat rooms.  He found several on IRC.  Often a chat room dealing
with some aspect of bondage or domination would pop up on his ISP.

Mel had been going out with Dana who was a friend
of his for a very long time.  They never got really serious. 
Mel was afraid Dana would think he was insane if he mentioned his kinky
habits to her.  Mel is 35 and Dana is 5 years younger.  Male
is 6’-2” with blond hair, blue eyes and an athletic build.  Dana is
one of those gals that is tall, slim and lithe.  She stands just a
little under 6’.  Dana was a long haired brunette with brown eyes,
high cheek bones, a pert nose and fully rounded lips.  Her bust was
small as is usual with tall women.  However her breasts were firm
uplifted and end in perfect conical points at her nipples.  Dana had
a narrow waist that flared out to full hips.  Dana’s legs were untypical
of women that had her build.  Her legs were perfect.  She had
long lithe thighs were well developed.  You could see the muscles
when she walked, providing she was dressed in shorts.  Dana’s calves
were well defined and rippled with muscular power as she walked. 
Mel was a leg man and totally adored Dana’s legs.  He was too shy
to do anything but look.

One day Mel found a chat room on his ISP that
he hadn’t seen before.  There was a lady there whose name was capped. 
Since Mel used the nick “mat” with a small first letter, it indicated he
was submissive.  Mel was surprised when the mistress whose name was
MsWhip addressed him.  She typed, “Boy what are you into?”

Mel replied that he liked bondage.  He received
the command “mat PM me.”

Mel typed in the box; Hi Ma’am I like to be blindfolded
gagged and tied with rope.  Handcuffs and steel are nice as well.”

“mat I love to tie boys like you and get them
helpless.  Then I like to torment them.  What do you think about
that?”

“I would kind of like that Ma’am”

“Good!  Let’s chat some more and I’ll see
if you’re acceptable fodder for me to trample into dust.”

They chatted and discussed Mel’s likes and dislikes. 
They discussed what Mel would like to have MsWhip do to him.  Then
they found out they lived in the same town.  MsWhip typed to Mel,
“I don’t usually do this.  If you can follow my on line instructions,
I’ll dominate you in person without charge.  You sound interesting
enough that I think I cold get my kicks out of you.”

“The first thing you have to do is get a web cam
and hook it up.  That way we will be able to see each other. 
If you don’t know what to do to hook it up e-mail me and I’ll give you
instructions.  Make sure you have that done by this weekend.”

Mel knew quite about computers.  By mid week
he had his camera up and working.  On Friday he logged into the chat
room.  MsWhip said, “PM me mat!”

Mel did as he was directed.  He was told
by MsWhip how to log on so they could see each other on line.  Mel
followed the instructions and was rewarded by seeing a powerful, lovely
dominatrix clad in black leather appear on the screen before him. 
MsWhip gave Mel several orders.  He followed them.  Then he was
told to strip and put himself in a hogtie position with rope.  Mel
had done a lot of self-bondage.   He knew how to get himself
hogtied.  MsWhip told him to be sure to have an escape knife and to
make sure he was on camera once he was hogtied.  It took awhile but
Mel finally got himself hogtied.  MsWhip said, “I’ll be watching stay
that way until daylight.”  Mat did as he was directed.  In the
morning when he cut himself out of the hogtie, he had a very sore body. 
As he was going over to turn off the computer, MsWhip said, you did very
good mat. Be back here at 10 tonight.”

Mat slept most of the day.  At 10 he turned
on the computer and camera.  Shortly MsWhip appeared on screen. 
This time she told Mel to just tie himself up anyway he wished and remain
that way for the night.

This went on for several weeks Mel had to see
Dana during the week.  His weekends were spent in bondage as directed
by MsWhip.  One Wednesday when Mel got home from work, there was a
package for him.  The enclosed note from MsWhip read, “Be on line
at 7 don’t open the package until then.”

At 7 the camera came on and MsWhip said, “Open
the package!”

Mel did as directed and came out with a metal
belt, metal cod piece and some other parts.  MsWhip said, “That is
a chastity belt.  I want you to put it on.  I will direct you. 
I want your cock and balls locked up.”

Mel did as directed and was soon locked in the
chastity belt.  He was surprised, everything fit.  MsWhip said,
“Be on line on Saturday morning.” and then logged off.

Saturday morning Mel again saw MsWhip on camera. 
He was told to tie himself to a chair.  He was to be nude except for
the chastity belt and have clips on his nipples.  This time he was
to use handcuffs with the key where he could not get to it.  MsWhip
told him she would come to his house, work him over and release him when
she was ready.

Mel was very hesitant.  He would have to
leave the door open.  He would be tied with no way to escape. 
He didn’t know MsWhip.  Mel threw caution to the winds.  He sanity
was overruled by his desire to be bound.  Mel got himself tied to
the chair, except for his wrists.  He tightly gagged himself and used
a blindfold that eliminated all sight.  Mel had slipped the hand cuffs
around a bar on the back of the chair.  The keys were on top of a
dresser and out of reach.  Mel locked his wrist in one of the cuffs. 
He paused, and was trying to decide if he trusted MsWhip enough to get
himself completely helpless.  Just as Mel was thinking, “What happens
if something goes wrong? She could have an accident on the way here. 
What…”Mel’s thoughts were interrupted by hearing the cuff click as it ratcheted
closed on his wrist.  A sudden thrill and rush of adrenalin went through
Mel.  Without knowing he was doing it he had passed the point of no
return.  Now all Mel could do was sit there and remain bound to the
chair.  Mel had no way to keep track of time.  He had no idea
of how long he waited.  He began to panic.  He struggled and
twisted in his bondage.  No luck he was completely helpless. 
He had tied himself well.  Again the uneasy thoughts began to creep
into Mel’s mind.  “Where is she?  Why doesn’t she come? 
What could…”  Mel thought he heard something.  He wasn’t sure

Mel felt a tug on one of his nipple clips. Then
the clip was jerked hard.  Mel emitted a grunt through his gag. 
He hoped the person pulling on the clip was MsWhip and not a thief. 
He heard a feminine voice saying, “Mat you’ve done well.”  You’re
helpless.  Good!”  Both of the clips on Mel’s nipples were jerked
hard.  Mel felt his wrists being re-cuffed so they would be behind
his back.  He felt the ropes fall off of his body and away from the
chair.  Mel was bent over something and tied in place.  He assumed
he was bound to the chair.  Mel heard a large crack and then jumped
as much as he could.  Fire was racing through his ass cheek. 
Crack, slap, smack, more lashes from the paddle blasted his ass. 
When Mel though his ass had been torn to shreds, the paddling ceased.

Mel felt hands tugging at his blindfold. 
I came off and at first Mel couldn’t see.  Then he saw the tall, powerful
MsWhip looking Justas she had on camera.  Then Mel’s moth dropped
open and he turned a beet red.  Dana was standing off to the side
behind MsWhip.   As he was gagged he could say anything but a
loud,"Mfffffff.”

Dana looked over at the red assed bound Mel and
said, “Mel I knew you were into self-bondage.  I found hints. 
You left magazines and some of your gear around where with a little looking
it could be seen.  Several times when I visited your apartment I saw
bondage related items.  MsWhip is a friend of mine.  I have known
her for years.  I happened to be there when you first hooked up the
camera.  I have been a party to everything that has happened to you. 
I am by nature dominant.  I have been looking for a male slave. 
I figured you were vanilla and not into it.  When I saw you on camera,
I decided you were the slave for me.  If you want to be my slave,
nod your head.”

Mel nodded his head.  MsWhip said, 
“I guess you two will get along fine.  Dana and mat I’ll see you later. 
Dana, have fun with him.”  MsWhip left the room.

Mel was soon bound tightly and in bed with Dana
his head at her feet dreaming of how he could serve and please Dana.
