---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/imasochist4.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'I, Masochist - Chapter 4: Carol'
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- MF
- M/f
- Solo-F
- bond
- xcross
- stocks
- bdsm
- crop
- punish
- pain
- naked
- outdoors
- anal
- sex
- climax
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**I, Masochist - Chapter 3: Brenda**](imasochist3.html))

**Chapter 4: Carol**

Chapter four of eight is W's interview with “Carol.”

\* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \* \*

Carol was almost an hour late for our appointment. I thought that she wasn't going to show up at all and had just about given up on her when she rushed up to the apartment. "I'm sorry, Shelly," she said as she came hurrying in the door. "But my son had a basketball game tonight that went into overtime. I've seen every one of his games since he started playing on the varsity team as a freshman, and I'm not going to break that string in his final year."

As soon as what she said sank in to my brain, I knew that I had grossly underestimated Carol's age. I knew when I first saw her that she wasn't a teenager, but I had figured her age way low. Her body definitely put her in the MILF category. She had dark brown, almost black hair and eyes to match. Her breasts were somewhat small, but well formed with light pink nipples. Her hips were curvy, but firm, and she had the stomach tone of an athlete. If I was remembering right, she had a thick patch of very dark hair between her legs and very prominent labia which protruded from her cunt when she was bent over - which she was during the 'I, Masochist' performance. When I had seen her in her performance cage, and later as I helped Shelly release her from her bondage, I had assumed she was in her mid twenties. But if she had a son who was a senior in high school, that put her closer to forty than twenty, or at least well north of thirty.

"Are you a student at the university?" I asked.

"I'm working on an advanced degree," she replied. "I teach art at my son's high school."

"Does the school know that you were one of Shelly's models?"

"My principal knows. He said that as long as my face never shows up in anything, he would let it slide. I use my maiden name at the university, so it helps me maintain some degree of anonymity. Besides, it's a private school and my husband is a major benefactor. That means I can get away with a lot as long as its legal and I don't get too public."

She looked over at me and then immediately answered an unasked question "Yes, my husband is rich. Very, very rich. It gives me a certain freedom in life I wouldn't have if I were waiting tables at a diner to make a living like my mother did."

"You dress more like a teacher than a model or a college coed." I observed. "You seem very prim and straight. How does being a masochist fit into that?"

"I have an addictive personality," she explained in a very matter of fact way. "As a teenager I was addicted to alcohol and other drugs and ended up in rehab more than a couple of times. That's how I met Gene... screwed up lifestyles of the rich and famous. I wasn't rich or famous, just screwed up but our paths crossed in rehab and we kept in touch."

"What turned my life around was when one of the counselors gave a talk one day and said that some people are just going to be addicted. That's the way it is, and if you were one of those people, the thing to do was to choose something to be addicted to that wouldn't destroy your life. I blew off what he had to say when I first heard it, but later it really helped turn me around. I think he had work or music or art in mind. Gene eventually chose work, but I decided that the weakness I would allow myself was pain."

"So you chose to be a masochist?" I asked.

"I chose not to be a dry masochist," she said with a laugh. Evidently I looked confused, because she explained. "An alcoholic whose life is still controlled by alcohol and has all of the characteristics of an alcoholic, but doesn't drink is called a dry alcoholic. There are a lot of dry masochists in the world who actually do - or at least can - get sexual pleasure from pain but don't do intentional pain. Unfortunately, they often end up pairing up with someone who is rough with them during sex or treats them like dirt and humiliates them or mistreats them in some other way. Then the pain is out of their control. I chose to be in control of my pain."

"Have you always gotten sexual pleasure from pain?"

"It isn't so much that I get sexual pleasure from pain as that pain increases my pleasure during sex or in sexual situations. I was a normal child. It wasn't until I was sexually active that I realized that pain added to sex."

"So how did you come to realize that?"

"Back in my drug and alcohol days I occasionally ran with a pretty rough crowd. One time I really needed to score some relief and was out of money, so I traded sex for drugs. The guy wasn't bad looking, but he was dressed like a stereotypical leather biker with all the metal and buckles and all that. I think he was actually gay because he insisted on anal and that I keep my blouse on. I don't think he wanted to see my tits so he could imagine he was fucking a young boy. In any case, he pushed into me rather roughly from behind and started pumping my ass. It wasn't all that bad because he did lube me up pretty good and warmed up and stretched my ass with his fingers. I was actually getting into it a little bit. I wasn't going to climax or anything, but it was bearable. Then he started going all the way in and hitting my ass with the front of his coat as he bottomed out. The edges of his coat were covered with all these little pointed studs that looked like little pyramids - especially along the bottom edge, and they were digging into me with every stroke."

"Suddenly I was on fire. I was ramming myself back into him with every stroke and yelling and screaming for him to fuck me harder. We were downtown in an alley and a group of druggies and street people gathered around and started cheering me on. Finally I came like a I had never cum before and clenched down on that dealer's prick with my asshole. That got him off and he shot into me, but was screaming that I was going to break it off. When I finally calmed down, he pulled out of me and said, 'Damn, girl. You must have already scored something because you are fucking freaked up on something.'"

"I realized that he was right. I had found a drug that was way better than anything he could sell me. I've been clean as far as alcohol or drugs since that night. What nine rounds of rehab hadn't done, a wild anal fuck in a back alley got accomplished. My son thinks I am a prude because I won't drink anything alcoholic and I don't do drugs of any kind." She laughed and continued, "Someday I may have to have a long talk with him about the realities of my life."

"Does he suspect anything?" I asked.

"Well, he does wonder why we keep one door in the basement locked at all the times. That is our play room. As far as I know, he has never been in there, so I don't have to explain the stocks or spanking bench or Saint Andrew's Cross to him. The way the basement is laid out, though, it appears to be just a locked closet. I think the original intent of the person who first built the house was that it was to be equipped as a safe room, or at least a hidden room. You go through a narrow closet-like area into a room about the size of a small bedroom that is concealed between two other rooms and a bathroom. It vents to the outside through the bathroom vent piping and has an escape hatch that you can open into an upstairs closet, but is totally sealed off from the rest of the house. I think it is also sound insulated. I took my son's big radio down there once just to see how far sound carried outside the room. With it turned all the way up, I couldn't hear it at all upstairs, and in the basement it was just a soft noise in the background. I probably wouldn't have even heard that if I had closed the thicker inner door. There is a back to the closet opening that swings into place so the room is truly hidden. With that closed, it appears to be just a closet when you open the door. That's how we normally leave it when we aren't in there. I don't think my son has ever been in that closet, but I am absolutely certain he hasn't been in the play room. There are motion sensor cameras that record everything in there and put it on a hidden disk on our home network."

"How often do you use your play room?" I asked.

"Me, or me and my husband?" she asked back.

"Both," I answered. "And what do you do in a typical session down there?"

"I would like to say that there is no typical session, but that isn't true. If the kids are out of the house - like over at a friends, hubby and I will both sort of hint that it has been a while since we played. Then we neck and get each others about half turned on and go downstairs. If Gene is in charge and calling the shots, I usually end up tied facing the cross. That's his favorite. He really likes to see my back and ass turn red. He is an expert with a cane or a flog and can hit exactly where he wants, exactly how hard he wants. I scream and yell and put up a fuss, but I have never said, 'Caboose.'"

She gave me an embarrassed smile. "That's our safeword. It means that my little red caboose needs a break. A couple weeks ago, he worked me over with a crop, and when I was so worked up I was trying the hump the wood to which I was tied, he took me in the ass. I don't like anal unless I get there through pain. If you try to love me up and get in the back door, it ain't gonna happen. But if you turn my ass all red and purple so that each time you thrust into me it is like you are pounding my ass with a paddle, I will go wild."

"Gene loves anal. I prefer regular sex. Neither of us is really into oral. I like doggie style in the stocks after my ass has been properly warmed up. When I'm in the stocks, Gene can reach around and maul my breasts while he takes me and there is nothing I can do about it. That really takes me high. But if I am warmed up properly, I will go high regardless of which position we choose for fucking or which hole Gene ends up using."

My curiosity was peaked, so I asked, "What do you do in your play room solo?"

Carol smiled at me. "I have a spanking machine and a fucking machine. They were Christmas presents from Gene. Obviously, I didn't open that present with the family around the tree. The spanking machine has a whip, a tawse and a paddle. You set the timer for the length you want and sort of lay down on it like you are getting onto a racing motorcycle. Your legs are bent, but slightly back and your upper body is more or less lying across a narrow leather seat. 

26.02.14

story continues in [**I, Masochist - Chapter 5: Diane & David**](imasochist5.html)

o0o
