---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Forge
authors:
- Phantom
tags:
- MF+/unisex
- latex
- sleepsack
- neoprene
- machine
- encoat
- process
- electro
- insert
- hood
- gag
- cons
- X
date: 2013-09-29 00:00:00
---

Gromet's note: This story could be for either sex hence the new code unisex

The sensation of chilly air blasting against your face rouses you from your slumber. Hazily, you try to rub your aching temples or sore throat, only to find your arms secured to your sides - in fact, only to find much of your body secured. While not the first time, you are still surprised to wake, finding yourself tightly bundled in a thick rubber sleepsack. All in one piece, complete with unreachable zipper, the sleepsack's only connection with the outside world is a thin hole; a straw connected to your mouth to allow a modicum of oxygen.
An unseen voice echoes something about 'processing' as you struggle. Surely, there must be -some- emergency release; a tab or a lever. Of course, a more sinister thought creeps into your mind; like a fish tightly wrapped in plastic, put on display and ready to be sold. How long would you be trapped like this?
The answer: not long at all. Thick, crane-like manipulators firmly clench around your body, and you are hoisted like so much cargo through the air. Just as you are set down, forces unseen remove the sleepsack and clothes from your body- though the hood seems to be separate, and stays firmly on your head.
Woozily flailing your arms and legs, you suddenly feel them being grabbed by firm hands unseen through your encompassing hood, your arms and legs are strapped into spreader bars that leave your wrists away from your body and your entire form quite vulnerable. Sprays of warm liquid wash at your naked form, leaving your body squeaky-clean and smooth.
A loud 'jolt' rocks you, and you feel your body being physically moved. You seem to be strapped to some sort of gurney on a conveyor belt, and are lying on a horizontal position.
Again, you are sprayed with more liquid. This, however, stays on your skin, and is supplanted with a sudden blast of warm air from industrial fans.
And yet again, you are subjected to the same process- a jolt as you are moved, liquid washed over your body, an intense and highly pleasurable tightness, and then the 'drying' phase. You lose count as the pressure increases.
Your member remains fully exposed to the process. Soon enough, you feel intense arousal from the slowly growing pressure and heat in your groin. Each cycle increases it, teasing you to fuller and higher heights of arousal.
](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1113.0)
