---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/massage_more.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Massage & More
authors:
- Roger
tags:
- Sbm
- F/m
- bond
- spandex
- chast
- con
- X
date: 2007-02-27 00:00:00
---

A few years ago, I wrote about my uneventful visit to
a local dungeon.  I had been thinking aabout a return
and waiting for the right time, which included wife
out of town and nice weather.  It finally arrived, but
with a different destination.  Now we had a new place
which featured both massage and domination, so why not
give that a try.

The first thing I did was to put a chastity cage on my
private parts, a cb-3000.  (I like to wear this when
the wife is not home; she doesn't know about it.)
Before I snapped the lock, I put a one-inch ring thru
the hasp.  Then I put on a spandex unitard - - which
the wife also does not know about - - and locked the
zipper in back to the collar I added; the collar had a
separate locking buckle and leash loop.  I put a small
combination luggage lock through the hasp and a
regular small padlock joining the zipper tab and the
leash loop.

Dangling from the ring on the front of
the collar was a tag which read PROPERTY OF MISTRESS -
- - - -.  IF LOST OR MISBEHAVING, CONTACT - - - - - -.

One more preparation, a note from "my mistress" to the
people at the massage parlor telling them that I was
given a present of a massage for being good, and
instructing them, when finished, to zip me up and lock
me, lock my hands behind me, and hang the keys from
the ring on the front of my collar.  I enclosed the
keys in the envelope with the note.

I went over there late at night (when they might not
be busy) and found the parking lot almost empty.  I
put the car keys and another set of release keys into
the compartment with the gas tank, and as I walked
toward the building, put a pair of handcuffs on in
front of me.

Well, they loved it.  And when they  unlocked me and
took me back to the massage room, they found the
chastity cage after I had disrobed.  Apparently with
all their experience, this was a new one - - and the
girl called in others to see.  They noticed the ring
on the cage and I told them that my mistress liked to
leash me to things when I did the housework, such as
to the pipe under the sink when I did the dishes.

The massage went well, with some tugging on the ring
as part of it.  And when it was done, they did as my
mistress had asked - - zipped me up and locked that
lock.  They directed me to put my hands behind me and
I protested; in the note I mentioned that, "if he
objects, you may have to persuade him."  Two of them
grabbed my forearms and brought them behind me, and a
third snapped the cuffs onto my wrists.

The cage prevented me from getting hard and
ejaculating, but when I got home, I did find that the
cage was filled with gooey liquid - - and I was very
happy!

Roger
