---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/bound_to_return.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Bound to Return
authors:
- Beverly Trans
tags:
- M/mf
- D/s
- bond
- kidnap
- bodymod
- fem
- nylon
- anal
- nc/reluct
- X
date: 2003-03-26 00:00:00
---

**12th September.**

The surgery waiting room was deserted. The two men stood in the surgery
itself, shaking hands and swapping envelopes. The deal was done.

John Rose walked out of the doctors’ surgery with a smug, contented
expression. He was a very rich man, but money couldn’t buy him the things
he had wanted, until now.

The doctor, Jamie, was a lifelong friend of John’s, and one of the country’s
top surgeons, although only in his mid thirties. He was financially well
off, but didn’t have the millions his friend John had in the bank.

John had been happily married, to Linda. She was five years his junior,
at 29 and very beautiful. After a very happy six years together she had
left him for a young man of 21. It was an amicable split and she had not
demanded money, she just wanted this young man.

The young man in question was Andrew, a slim man, about 5 feet 6 inches
tall. He was a closet transvestite, which had appealed to the bisexual
Linda. She was slightly taller than Andrew, and liked to swap roles with
him, being both dom and sub. That in itself had caused a little conflict
with John who was very dom.

So the deal was done and in 1 month John would return with 2 million
pounds for Jamie, and in return he would get his wife back.

**12th October.**

The days passed so slowly, then exactly one month later, Jamie phoned.
“It’s done, delivery as arranged!”

That was the sum total of the conversation, but it was all he had waited
to hear. John was now beside himself with excitement and anticipation.

The following morning, John walked into the surgery, with a small sports
bag, and met Jamie. They swapped bags, Jamie’s being identical. They shook
hands, and smiled. As arranged, they would probably never see each other
again. John left, and Jamie ran to the toilets, he was sick, both physically,
and mentally. He couldn’t believe what he had done, but the money, his
friendship and the way John had been treated, meant he had to help.

John approached the van with butterfly’s in his stomach. He got into
the drivers’ side and locked the door. The note waiting for him was simple.

‘The package is secured, and there is also a surprise for you! The package
does not know anything yet.’

As John drove back he wanted to see his package, but he wouldn’t risk
entering the back of the van whilst in public. He approached his home,
set in 15 acres of private land, and reversed up to the garage, and in
when the door fully opened.

**14th September.**

In the bedroom of their house, Linda and Andrew, were having a little
fun. Linda was dressed in barely black tights (pantyhose), two pairs of,
one as should be, and one on her upper body, with her head through an hole
in the crotch. Andrew was also wearing the same outfit with a few extras.
The silicone breasts glued to his body looked so real, and his blonde hair,
was styled to perfection, it was only his erect penis that betrayed the
truth. Linda teased him about how he was over-endowed to be her real girlfriend,
and stroked him gently. He had been in a constant state of arousal since
she had applied the armbinder and the ankle cuffs to him.

For the third time in just over an hour she knelt over him and he obediently
pleasured her to orgasm. At the moment of truth, the bedroom door opened!

The pair froze, the sight of the gun left both absolutely numb with
fear. “Aren’t we having fun? Now get up slowly you and turn around”.

Terrified
Linda stood up and turned slowly away from the masked figure. She tried 
to speak but couldn’t.

Andrew spoke “what are you doing? What do you want?”
the terror obvious in his voice. “We can give you money”

“Be quiet friend!!” was all the burglar said. At least they thought
he was a burglar. How wrong they were!

As he slipped the armbinder on Linda, and fastened it up, he turned
her to face him. “I won’t hurt you, but you must do everything I say, or
I will punish you.” She didn’t fully understand, but nodded to show her
agreement. A full rubber hood was placed over her head, and laced down
the back. With only nose holes to breathe through, she was now truly helpless.

Andrew’s legs were released and he was stood up. His armbinder was checked
for security, and he was surprised by the expertise with which it had been
fitted. He applied a similar mask to Andrew, and then searched the flat
for anything useful. They were both guided downstairs, and sat on separate
chairs. It was well after midnight, when they had both been tied for at
least four hours, that they were then moved quickly into the back of the
van. Once in they were secured on stretchers in the van, now in some pain
from the armbinders’ tight grip on their arms.

**15th September**

As the mask was removed, Linda adjusted her eyes, for a second, and
felt the ball-gag being forced in behind her teeth. She was quickly turned
over, and the strap buckled. The armbinder was finally removed, some 14
hours after it had been applied. She so wanted to fight, but couldn’t move
her arms herself as she was turned back over, stripped of her outfit, and
fastened onto the bed she lay on. Although her outfit was nothing more
than two pairs of tights, she now felt very naked and even more vulnerable
than before. She now realised she could see her kidnappers face, or at
least part of it behind the surgical mask. Her head was spinning as she
was washed down. She could have enjoyed it, he was so gentle, but the situation
she was in made that impossible.

When he was finished washing her off he prepared the anaesthetic, She
saw this and struggled, but it was futile. “I said I wouldn’t harm you
and I won't, but I need to change a few things.” With that he administered
the drugs and she was soon sleeping.

**16th September.**

The previous evening Andrew had been re-tied, having had his elbows
touching behind his back for 24 hours. He also couldn’t escape. He had
been washed down and tied to the bed, with a very large penis gag in his
mouth.

Andrew struggled to be free when he saw the needles. “Linda is now recovering
from her operation, and I need to do you now. Be assured you will wake
up, I will not kill you!”

**12th October**

When the garage door finally closed John opened the back doors of his
van. Two trolleys!! He had only expected one. The sheet over each had numbers,
1 & 2. He figured that was Jamie’s way of saying this one first. He
removed the trolley and went straight into the lift and down to his basement
dungeon. He wheeled the trolley into the restraining area and removed the
cover. There was his beautiful wife, with a couple of sizes larger in the
bra cup. The note read, ‘It’s such a shame that now she has bigger tits,
she can’t have any babies.’ Having secured the still sedated Linda into
an armbinder, she was placed on a rotating platform with her knees and
ankles secured about a foot apart. The tip of the armbinder was then secured
to a small pulley over head, and she was then supported by her hands. Jamie
had remembered the tights fetish John had, and had made sure she was dressed
appropriately. As she had also been when captured.

The other trolley was then wheeled down. As the cover was removed there
was a strikingly beautiful women, dressed, tied and gagged as Linda. She
looked vaguely familiar, and as the cover was fully withdrawn, the penis
was there to see. John knew immediately, this was Andrew. The note read,
‘As you can see, Andrew is now Andrea. I have changed every aspect, waist,
bum, hips and tits. I have altered a few facial features slightly, but
it didn’t take much. The penis works, and is not in any way changed. I
have put some experimental capsules in him, which will release enough hormones
to keep him female and allow everything else to work. Have fun’

Andrew was quickly secured as Linda, and both were blindfolded. When
they awoke in the morning he would have a video camera to catch their reactions
to their new bodies.

**13th October.**

John entered the room and started the pre-positioned camera. Both were
conscious, and straining against their unrelenting bonds. Rather to John’s
surprise both were highly aroused. A fact betrayed by the moisture evident
in Linda’s tights, and Andrea’s hard cock straining at the nylon.

“Hello you two!” There was a moment when both were still, then Linda
began to struggle with all her might. It was futile, as John demonstrated
tweaking her erect nipples. This brought about a very unexpected response
of obvious pleasure. John kissed her gently on the cheek. At this point
Linda knew she was a slave, his slave, and she couldn’t understand why
she felt so content. Was this what she had always wanted?

“So you both understand what is happening, I shall explain a little.
You are both present, Linda and Andrew, or should I say Andrea. Yes, you
are my slaves, and seeing as you always liked feminine clothes, you are
now Andrea.” As John looked, Andrea was still erect and straining at the
tights. “It would appear you are somewhat aroused, would you like me to
help you with that?” Andrea nodded vigorously and tried to thrust herself
forward. John slowly gripped her and as she tried to thrust herself against
his hand he withdrew. “There’s plenty of time for that!”

“It is now time for me to remove your blindfolds, and you can see each
other again, and have a good look at your new home. Take a good look, I
have made a few changes, and not just to the room.”

John slowly removed Linda’s blindfold first, then as her eyes were adjusting
removed Andrea’s. Linda looked down at herself in disbelief, her waist
was slimmer, her breasts were larger and she now realised, although she
had been in the armbinder for longer than she could remember, she felt
no pain. She felt quite content, and looked across at John, with a look
of contentment. She looked at Andrea, at first not believing what she saw.
She was a beautiful woman in all respects, except one.

Andrea looked down at herself, at first with horror, and disbelief,
then the feeling of peace came over her, she was still a man in the one
crucial area that had mattered to her, but was now a woman in all the ways
she had ever wanted to be. The look she gave Linda was one of excitement,
and the look she gave John was one of thanks.

“You have both now seen what changes have been made, there are one or
two others that are not so obvious, but we will come back to them. But
one which I feel obliged to tell you about, is one that is called the amplifier!”

Both looked puzzled, had it not been for the gags, they would have probably
asked in unison ‘The what?’

“Let me explain, you have a drug release mechanism
in you, which slowly excretes a drug, which will, I am assured last a lifetime,
will make you constantly horny, and intensify, hence the name ‘amplifier’,
any sexual feelings you have. That is why you, Linda, are so wet.” 
He touched her through the nylon, a sensation she always liked, and she
began to immediately press her sex against his fingers. He allowed her
a few moments of pleasure, then withdrew his hand. She tried to plead for
more but his smile told her she would have to wait. He approached Andrea,
who’s eyes said it all. She wanted release. He went behind her and stroked
her cheeks, then reached between her legs, and took hold of her. She tried
to thrust against his hand, but again he allowed her only a little pleasure,
then withdrew.

Both were so sexually charged, the atmosphere was electric. “I haven’t
yet totally forgiven you for leaving me, so I think I will make you comfortable,
and you can watch me deal first with Andrea.”

With that John applied the
blindfold to Linda, and began to release some of her bonds. Eventually
she stood unaided, after getting the use of her legs back. She was taken
across the room, where a pair of high heeled sandals were placed on her
feet, with a locking ankle strap. She was then stood against a post and
her ankles were locked to a 24 inch spreader-bar, then a locking posture
collar was locked around her neck, and fastened to the post.

“I’m going to release your arms now then re-tie them. You are not going
to give me any trouble, are you?”

Linda nodded her agreement, and was turned
around. The armbinder was released, and her hands secured into locking
leather cuffs. These were unusual in the fact they went right onto her
hands, and right up to the elbow. They were fastened with a number of buckles,
and two padlocks.  Once both hands were secured, the structure within
the leather meant the wrist could not move, or even rotate. A simple clip
between the cuffs would render the wearer helpless, but just to be sure,
they were secured with two more padlocks. Linda was turned so her back
was against the post, and her hands lifted above her head and secured.
A strap was then passed around her waist to ensure she stood where she
was left.

Andrea was released from most of her bonds and then moved over to a
double bed within the dungeon basement. With only the armbinder holding
her, John stood her by the bed. “Total Co-operation?”. Andrea nodded, and
John turned her around. He released her arms from the armbinder, turned
her around and then began to bind her wrists palm to palm in front of her.
Once secured with a cinch, her hands were placed above and then behind
her head, and a second rope used to bind her hands so they would remain
between her shoulder blades. John noted his friend had made an excellent
job of ensuring the flexibility of his slaves.

John decided that was enough, and laid Andrea down. “I shall offer you
a deal, I am willing to remove the gag, but it is on the understanding,
that you do not speak unless I instruct you too. If you speak, you will
wear the gag, and many other devices, for a continuous 72 hours. And more
importantly, I have a drug for you which will, put you on the edge of a
orgasm for the whole time. Do you agree to my terms or not?”

Andrea nodded, she felt like she had been on the edge of an orgasm for
weeks anyway, and now she knew she was close, not only to an orgasm, but
achieving a lifetimes’ ambition of achieving an enforced orgasm, in enforced
femininity, and to a handsome man, who she knew from Linda was a real giver
of pleasure.

With the gag removed, John stripped off and climbed on to the bed with
her. This was so special, to be held, as a submissive woman by a dominant
man. He held her, and then kissed her passionately. As he broke away she
gave him a look, and he knew she wanted to speak.

“Say what ever it is
you wish to say, but if I say stop, then STOP!”

With a very feminine voice which surprised Andrea herself, “Please let
me have my sexual release I beg and I will never try and escape, or disobey
you. Please!”

John, took hold of Andreas rigid cock, and Andrea moved away
and look longingly at John, He placed a condom on and turned Andrea over.
He then placed one on himself and made a small hole in the tights and he
found what they both wanted. He began gently but was soon pounding hard,
there was a slight pause and Andrea screamed. At almost that same instant
John came! John took a flask and emptied the contents of both condoms into
it, and re-sealed the flask. Andrea looked inquisitively at him, and he
smiled and just said, “Wait and see!”

He had forgotten for a moment about Linda, as he looked across, he could
see her pleading with her eyes. Then he felt something and realised Andrea
was sucking him back to erection, she had shuffled around and was kneeling
in front of him, with her hands still bound tightly behind her head. He
hadn’t realised how horny he was himself, and was soon thrusting into her
mouth. As he was about to cum, he withdrew from Andrea and unloaded into
the flask, much to her disappointment.

He helped Andrea to her feet and turned her around, and began to untie
her. For the first time in a month she was free of any bonds. As he released
her she knelt at his feet, and kissed them gently. “You are truly a submissive!”
Andrea looked up and nodded her agreement.

John placed the flask in a cupboard across the room, as he turned to
walk back, Andrea was kneeling where she had been left. He took two drinks
bottles out of the cupboard, and handed her one. Drink this all. She did
as instructed as he walked across to Linda. He touch her erect nipple as
he approached and she shuddered in anticipation. He warned her about silence
and removed the gag. He offered her a drink, through a straw, which she
gladly took. When she was finished, he offered up the gag, she gave him
a look of disgust, but accepted it without question. He teased her nipples,
and she squirmed with lust. He smiled, and as he turned away, said, “all
in good time, but don’t worry, you won’t have to wait too long.”

He approached Andrea who was still kneeling where she was left, as he
walked passed her he said, “follow me.” She did as instructed and they entered
a small room just next to the main entrance into the basement dungeon.
Andrea was told to strip, shower and make use of the bathroom facilities.
As she was doing this, a small bag was left for her by John who told her
everything in it was to be worn, and to be ready in five minutes. Andrea
complied with her instructions and left the bathroom, within the five minutes
as expected. She wore a pair of tan tights, a pair of 6” stiletto heeled
sandals, a black basque and a black ribbon to hold back her long hair.
As she walked towards John, her erection was bouncing and straining against
the nylon of the tights.

John took the erection in one hand, and her erect nipples in the other,
causing Andrea to close her eyes, as she once again was desperate for sexual
release. “That’s enough for now” John said releasing his grip on Andrea.
“Come and help me.”

They began to release Linda’s bonds, and took her to
the bathroom. Carefully monitored by John, Linda was changed into a similar
outfit, then she was led over to a padded table. Both slaves stood by the
table awaiting instructions. “Andrea, I want you to kiss and caress Linda,
but do not touch her red-hot sex – it may burn!!”

“Linda you must stand
with your hands on you head and not move, but you may respond to the kiss,
but when I say stop, then you must stop.”

Andrea was so gentle with Linda, and she so wanted to take Andrea and
release all that tension, but just as it appeared she was close, John intervened.
Both were so heartbroken, but John just matter of factly said, “Andrea on
the table please, on your back, head at this end”

Andrea was then methodically strapped to the table, with her hands bound
together above her head. When she was secured, she could lift her head
off the table, but no other part of her body could move. She was especially
well secured around her middle, with her pelvis fastened solidly to the
table. Linda was then instructed to climb on the table and mount the rigid
erection, which was on display. Linda complied willingly, believing that
her sexual release was at last close. John could see Linda wanted to speak,
so he asked her what was on her mind.

“Do you want me to rip the tights to allow full penetration?” John nodded
yes and she made the smallest hole required, and then slid onto it. Before
she could consider anything else, she was instructed to place her hands
behind her. She was quickly re-acquainted with the arm-binder, which was
fastened particularly tightly. John then expertly secured her, so she could
barely squirm on the penis filling her. She was then forced forwards, by
her hands being lifted behind her, and the end of the arm-binder being
secured to a pulley. As the tension was applied, she now found she couldn’t
even squirm, and the feeling inside her was now relentless, and she needed
an orgasm just to retain her sanity.

A ball gag was applied to Andrea, which Linda could see had a small
threaded hole in. She then saw the reason why, as a second ball gag was
produced with a short threaded rod sticking out of. The gags were screwed
together, and then her mouth was forced around the gag, and it was strapped
around her head. She immediately started to drool on Andrea.

John wished them a comfortable nights sleep and moved towards the door.
He momentarily turned off the light, then switched it back on. “It would
be more fun for you both if you can see the other, but can’t touch!”

“Tomorrow, I promise you will both get what you wish for, so just be
careful what that is!!”

Andrea, lay there as horny as hell, but knew she had received some relief,
she looked deep into Linda’s eyes, and saw something she had never seen
before. Beneath the fury and wanton lust at the need of some sexual relief,
she could see Linda was broken, she was no longer in the slightest dominant,
she was a true submissive like herself. Now she knew they would both be
happy forever. She also knew, that they would both be happy with John!
