---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/americandream.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: American Dream
authors:
- Andy Le Strange
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- gag
- chairtie
- sex
- climax
- cons
- X
---

I was forty-three years of age when my wife and I separated. The reasons for this are varied but seemed the correct thing to do at the time.
I moved into a flat, leaving her the house, which she shared, with my daughter. I initially warmed to the idea of living the single life, after nearly twenty-three years marriage, and started to move in different social circles.

My job as a Project Manager required me to work at various Nuclear Power Stations throughout the UK, and it was on assignment in Bridgewater that I met Jennifer.

She was twenty-nine years old and was on a three-month holiday in the UK.
Jennifer was American and from Los Angeles in California. She had never been to the UK before and was staying with a friend whom she had met on-line. We immediately clicked, her enthusiasm for conversation and need to find out about a new environment re-vitalised my somewhat drained sense of being.

We become instant friends and started going out to Bars, Restaurants and the cinema. Jennifer had a great passion for the “movies” as she called it. This stemmed from her mother, who had acted in a couple of movies in the eighties. Over the next month we developed a relationship, which made me feel as if I was reborn. Gradually we started to get to know each other sexually, despite our apparent age difference. Jennifer did not seem to be bothered about this and started to quiz me on my preferences and fetishes.

I was reluctant to divulge much information regarding this initially, but was soon put at ease by Jennifer’s laid-back attitude and forthrightness about sex.

It soon was apparent that Jennifer shared my enthusiasm for Bondage and related activities. This was like a dream come true and the first time I actually tied her up rates amongst my top memories. She was very adventurous in our
Sessions and she would participate in great bursts of creativity, scripting various role play’s in which we would interact with one another but always ending in Jennifer writhing around Bound and Gagged.

We indulged in straight sex but this was nearly always an add on to our increasingly complex role-play’s. We used sex as a tool, to enhance our role-play experience.

**Friday 29th September 2006**

My time at Bridgewater was coming to an end and we spoke about this at length one evening. Jennifer was due to fly back to the States in about three weeks but decided to return with me to Scotland, where I had my flat. My next job was at Torness Power Station in Scotland so this arrangement seemed perfect as we could continue with our passion for role-playing.

The evening before we headed north was one to remember.

We had played out several different scenarios where Jennifer had been a variety of characters. Private Detective, Policewoman, Company Executive and even a door-to-door saleswoman. She was actually brilliant at the dialogue making the scenarios more exciting as it became increasingly realistic.

This evening she had an idea that shocked me to the core before I actually thought about it and was instantly hooked.

Jennifer suggested I tightly bind and gag her to a chair and take photographs of her struggling. She would then e-mail the pictures to her mother in America.
At first I thought she had flipped as what mother would not be instantly alarmed at photographs of her daughter bound and gagged. Then Jennifer told me her mother was just as much into bondage role-play as she was.

In fact Jennifer had been talking to her mother over the preceding weeks about our activities and said she had been very impressed and wanted to get into the scenarios, albeit from a distance. I asked Jennifer to show me a picture of her mother, who was called Lucinda. She showed me a couple of recent pics and a few when Lucinda had been in the movies. I was struck by her beauty and likeness to her daughter.

We agreed to start the role-play immediately and Jennifer asked me what role I preferred her to play for the scenario. I thought as she was going to be bound and gagged with pictures sent to her mother she would naturally qualify as a kidnap victim. As we has not played to this particular scenario before we got very excited.

Whilst Jennifer changed into her “Damsel Outfit” I got a copy of the day’s newspaper and put it aside for use in the scenario. Jennifer knew what preferences I had and dressed accordingly. I have always got very excited by the sight of women in tights/pantyhose, especially when bound. I was not really a fan of skinny women and Jennifer was well proportioned with shapely legs and athletic thighs. Her tits were small but ample and she had powerful arms.

She came back into the room from the bedroom clad only in a tight fitting white brassiere and nearly black sheer tights. The tight white thong was visible through the sheer nylon as was her red painted toenails showing out of her four inch black mules.

Jennifer had put her hair up and a red silk ribbon held it in place. Her full mouth and lips were glistening with lip-gloss and I immediately felt myself getting hard. She put her hands on her hips and cocked her head at me.

“You ready for this” she asked in her sexy American accent

“You bet I am you Bitch” I replied before moving at pace over to where she was standing and quickly grabbing her and turning her around to face away from me.

I grabbed her arms and pulled them roughly behind her back. Jennifer let out a cry of surprise but this was soon stifled as I clamped my right hand over her mouth while tightening my grip on her arms.

“Now Bitch, are you going to do exactly as I say?” I hissed in her ear to which she shook her head and mmmppped into the handgag.

I immediately yanked her head back violently and repeated the question, this time coercing a reluctant nod of her head.

“Right Bitch, I am going to release you, but be warned any silliness on your part will result in me breaking an finger on your left hand. Do we understand each other?”

Again Jennifer nodded meekly.

I slowly and deliberately released my grip on her arms and took my hand from her mouth. She turned around and looked at me, eyes blazing but excited. I was now in full role-play mode and Jennifer could expect no mercy until we had taken this to a conclusion.

“Put your hands behind your head,” I snarled and she complied interlocking her fingers behind the bun of her hair. I looked at Jennifer admiringly, her strong arms pulled back tautly behind her head, a shadow of stubble staining each armpit. She was standing erect, tits thrust out straining the confines of her brassiere. Powerful thighs and legs encased in sheer nylon.

Jennifer was fully into character as well and she was displaying the feistiness I liked her to display when role-playing.

“Ok you bastard, what now?” She drawled in that wonderful Californian accent.

“Patience you slut! You will find out very soon what is going to happen”

Jennifer looked at me scornfully and sighed.

“Your family is quite wealthy. Wealthy enough to pay a reasonable ransom to spare their Daughter from harm” I said matter of factly.

“You sick Bastard, what are you going to do with me” Jennifer exclaimed in alarm

“Sit down in the chair over there. And no tricks” I barked motioning to a straight-backed wooden chair adjacent to the sofa.

She walked slowly over to the chair and with a look of disgust thrown in my direction slowly sat down. I walked over to the sofa and grabbed a black canvas bag from behind it. The bag contained our role-playing “accessories”
I emptied the contents out in front of the motionless Jennifer who gasped out loud when she saw them.

Coils of thin white cord, several two-inch thick leather straps, a roll of silver duct tape, a red ball gag, a black ball gag, a ring gag, a black penis gag, several thin latex strips. I threw the empty bag on the sofa.

“Alright, get your wrists behind the chair back and cross them” I ordered in a monotone. Jennifer sighed again and unclasped her fingers from behind her head and complied with my instruction.

I moved quickly behind the chair, pausing briefly to grab a coil of cord, and deftly roped Jennifer’s crossed wrists together tightly. I completed the tie with a couple of cinches pulling the cord even more tightly into Jennifer’s wrists.

Jennifer let out a yelp but quickly composed herself again. She was playing the feisty ransom victim to perfection.

I slowly walked around the chair and faced Jennifer who coldly observed me.

I picked up another length of cord and grabbed Jennifer’s left ankle and swiftly bound it to the chair leg. Again the tie was tightly cinched and I repeated this with Jennifer’s other ankle. I was now in full flow and despite Jennifer’s struggles completed the bondage with cords restraining her knees, waist and upper arms.

Finally I moved behind the now furiously struggling Jennifer and tightly cleaved gagged her with a long strip of black latex, the large knot tied in the middle being pulled deep into her gasping mouth.

 I stood back to inspect my work.

Jennifer was tightly welded to the chair with the thin cord cutting into her tanned limbs. She shook her head violently from side to side grunting into the tight gag. Her strong thighs and legs pumping and straining against her bonds. In her desperate struggles her mules had come off her sheer nylon clad feet and she strained her ankles against the unyielding cords.

I watched Jennifer’s struggles for a while, marvelling at the energy she was putting into her role tonight. Then I picked up the newspaper and walked back to the struggling woman.

“OK Enough” I hissed grabbing Jennifer’s hair and twisting it hard enough to extract a scream from behind the gag.

Jennifer ceased her struggles and sat there panting hard from her exertions glaring at me.

I placed the newspaper on her lap and opened it up so that the main page was showing. I then went over to the table where I had placed a digital camera before we began the scenario.

I quickly took half a dozen photographs from various distances and angles but all showing the newspaper page with the date visible. I then went behind the chair and took a couple of pictures of Jennifer’s tightly bound wrists and upper arms.

Jennifer was released from her bonds soon after and sat there in the chair and ungagged herself.

“That was the fuckin best ever,” she whispered in my ear, sitting astride me on the sofa.

I had to agree with her and I fucked her hard without any more conversation, ripping a hole in the crotch of her tights to do so. Jennifer bucked up and down, more excited than I could ever remember, climaxing in a fury of grunts with her nyloned legs wrapped around my back.

Tomorrow we would e-mail the photographs to her mother and await the reaction. I had a feeling this scenario was going to run and run.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=2406.0)

20.06.12

story continues in [**American Dream 2: Bound in the Trunk**](americandream2.html)

o0o
