---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Weekend
authors:
- Rubber Chloe
tags:
- M-f
- leather
- latex
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2007-03-28 00:00:00
---

Early Saturday morning, phone rings....

"Chloe?"

"Yes?"

"It's James."

"'Oh Hi, how are you?"

"Fine. Listen I am in London tonight, trade show I couldn't go but I
have a big contract to finish up, hotels booked for tonight. I'll be
coming down on the train, want to meet somewhere?"

"Yes why not," A lift in your voice as we swap details...

The scene shifts to a club of your choice and I enter, I have never been
out in London before, the cab driver was helpful running against type. I am
dressed in a black shirt & black slacks, dumb on a hot night maybe but
black has a certain quality I admire, you ever watch sex in the city?
Mr. Big now he could wear a shirt. I walk to the bar and assess the
surroundings. Then I see you outlined at the end of the bar leaning
against it, shoulder resting against it holding your drink, your breasts
filling a gorgeous short dress, your legs showing below the short hemmed
skirt, your eyes penetrating the gloom and noise, the music stops
abruptly groans from a thousand dancers as the costafuckingfortune PA
kicks out for a while, over the groans I call your name.

"Chloe?"

Your head turns and your eyes penetrate me. I take two steps towards you
taking my mineral water with me, no not very rock and roll but clearer
heads must prevail in such situations, a smile curves over your face
and greetings are swapped.

"So you come her often?"

"Yes a fair bit."

"Well its the kind of place I thought you'd come too." The PA pumps up
again and pumps out an impossibly sexy R&B groove, making you seem even
the more desirable.

"But I am disappointed you didn't bring me to some rubber fetish club."
You turn and look shocked.

"Rubber is for perverts isn't it?"

"My momma always told me that girls who don't wear bras are
perverts..."

"Ah you got me, so you think I am a perv."

"Well you think I am but is that necessarily a bad thing?"

"Well..."

"Better a dirty mac on my shoulders than be called adventurous, but I do
have some preferences rather than kinks."

A hesitation clears in your voice, "Like?"

"Well order another drink and we'll find a quite corner and talk about
it, if that's OK with you."

You nod and order your preferred beverage We find a small table and sit
opposite one another, your legs crossed before me.

"So what are your preferences?" you ask with that penetrating look one
more time.

I take a sip and look at you very directly.

"I like girls who are comfortable with their bodies, who will wear sexy
dresses because they want to. I like girls aren't who afraid to enjoy sex. I
like girls in high heels, strappy ones preferably but beggars can't be
choosers. I like stockings and I like bare legs. I like the perfect
curve created by a female thigh turning into the female backside. I like
thongs, wonderful pieces of material which are so little but do so much,
I like the way they flow into the crack of the female behind and can be
pulled to one side to reveal the secrets within, and I like shaved
pussies, wonderful organs of pleasure that I can eat all night long.
Letting my tongue explore the possibilities for as long as the pussy
owner wants me too."

My eye is drawn to the perspiration running down your cleavage.

"Now does that make me a pervert?"

My eyes stare into yours, my hand has wandered onto your thigh,
intentionally of course but not as you'd notice, but I await your
answer.

\* \* \*

As I sit in at the table deep in thought of what you just said, my hand
disappears under the table and moves your hand off my thigh. "Well, I
suppose not, I agree with what you said, the main reason why I don't
like rubber is its, how to say this, too revealing for me. I like to
know what I'm wearing covers me."

You replied in a cocky voice, "That dress hardly qualifies!"

"Well that may be true, but you can see where I am coming from. The only
rubber outfit I HAVE ever seen to make me want it is the one Shania
Twain wear in FHM, the purply / blue one. I love the sight of it, but I
guess it will never happen." By now my glass is empty I wave it above my
head and if by magic someone arrives with a new filled glass, "What would
you like dear?"

"Mineral Water Please." You wait for the waiter to move away then say, "I
know the one you mean, well, who know maybe for Christmas!"

We then made small talk drinking and smiling. Near the end of the
evening I looked at you, "Can I ask you a favour please?"

"Certainly my dear," You replied in an elated voice.

"Give me a foot massage?"

"Ok, here or somewhere else?" You enquire

"I don't mind since it's NOT going to progress further than a foot
massage!" I relied coyly

"Here?" You enquire. I nod and lift my left leg over to you and I unzip
my knee high boots, as I take the 5" heeled boot off my foot holds its
shape, you more than curious. "Umm, Chloe, why do your feet do that?"

"Do what?" I ask.

"Stay like that, in the arched position?"

"Long story suffice to say I can only wear 5" heels or greater," I reply
with a bit of sadness in my voice.

\* \* \*

I hold the heel of your foot in my palm and work the ball of your foot
with my thumb, I look at your feet and my eyes trace the outline of your
leg till it disappears under the hem of your skirt. My thumb works
harder trying to feel the tension in your muscles, my hand reaches around
and holds your calf feeling the tension and power.

"You know I have a theory, mind if I play amateur analyst?" You nod so I
continue. "I don't think that you are worried about what the clothes
will reveal if you buy a rubber outfit, I think you more worried about
what it reveals on you. You're perfectly happy to let a near stranger,
acquaintance then, rub your foot in a relatively public place. Quite
happy to expose these gorgeous tanned limbs to the world. You're likely
to expose far less in rubber outfit." I continue to rub

"Your point being..."

"I think your scared you'll reveal the true you." I say placing your
foot back into your boot and zipping it up.

'The other?" You nod and raise a leg.

"...but how can you make such a call you hardly know me. This is the
real me." You playfully kick me towards the groin leaning back in your
chair.

"OK then let me generalise, here you are, gorgeous, intelligent, a good
job, a nice place to live, a nice car. Everything you want. I'll admit I
don't see it that often, but I have seen it in the past. That's the real
you, but part of you might want to be something else for a little
while."

I feel large tension in your foot as well as the air between us.

"I mean, look at the way you handle our waiter, glass above the head and
he comes running, and it wasn't my tip that did it for him, I know that.
you could have any guy here tonight and a fair share of the women too..."
Your eyes dart awkwardly. "..yet I am the one rubbing your feet at the
end of the evening."

"Are you saying I want you?" Your eyes search mine for a while as I do
yours.

"Oh yeah love your gagging for it.... no that's not what I mean. Ever
had the feeling you want to loose control? Let someone else take the
driving seat for a while? Just drift on life and let someone else make
the decisions?"

"Well... well... um so what's this got to do with me wearing rubber?"

"Well you have to admit it is kinda linked with a certain kink and I
think you like to be shown to be in control to have everything well in
hand, but something about you wants to take a short trip away from the
control thing."

"and you get this from one night on mineral water?"

"I have a lot of time and I do a lot of people watching, but I have a
proposition for you, here's an opportunity should you wish take it for
life is about truth, trust and decisions. So Truth, I think you're a
wonderful person who I enjoy the company of immensely. Trust, you are my
friend first and foremost and I will never hurt you and decision. You
know I have that trade show tomorrow, I would like you to accompany me,
be my girl Friday as it were, care to let me make the decisions for a
day?'

"What's my other options?"

"You go home after a lovely evening (I hope) and call me at work on
Monday. You've said nothing else will happen tonight and I respect your
wishes."

"OK I'll think about it..."

"Should you wish to come tomorrow, meet me at my hotel here's its card." I
rifle through my pockets. "8.30 am, Dress casual but I might change my
mind on you in the morning so be prepared."

"Like I said I'll think about it."

"May I walk the lady to her taxi?" You nod.

I kiss your bare foot a wonderful aroma fill my nostrils as I replace
the boot. I offer you my arm when we stand and we walk from the club
together.

\* \* \*

I take the day off work since its Friday and its going to be slow day. I
wander into town, for a day of pampering and relaxing. Over the course
of the day I have my nails, hair, makeup all done for me.
I get back to my manor at around 5:30 PM, I walk to my huge walk in
wardrobe and look for my evening attire. To start with I pick out a
black g-string, and some 5" black shoes, I put both of the items on my
bed and return to look at my dresses.
I dismiss all the ball gowns and bigger dresses and arrive at the dinner
part / cocktail dresses. It takes over an hour, after which I pick a low
cut affair that is full length and made of black silk which hugs my
curves. I grab a diamond necklace, ring and earrings and carry
everything out.
I dress slowly and put my jewellery on, I look at myself in the mirror
and decide I look gorgeous. I put my lipstick in a little hand purse and
pick up my shawl type thing again in black silk.

At 7:30 my limo arrives. I squirt my Chanel 5 perfume on me and walk to
the car, picking up my black velvety ankle length cloak. We arrive at
the hotel around 8:15. I get out and walk to reception, my heels clicking
on the marble floor. I sense eyes trying to undress me. I ask for you
and I'm told to wait. I go to the bar and order some Archers.
You arrive early and complement me on my dress, we then spend a lovely
evening drinking and eating and dancing. At 3 a.m I'm a bit drunk and you
offer me your bed for the night. I agree, we get to your room. You start
to make up the sofa.

"What are you doing?" I enquire

"Making up the sofa for me" you replied

"What makes you think I want to sleep alone" I say my voice now very
heavy with my Swedish accent more than you have heard before.

With that
I reach to my neck and my dress falls off my body leaving on my heels
and g-string and jewellery on, I lay on the bed provocatively, "Well
come on I won't keep all night!" I then lick my lips and turn the lights
out.

\* \* \*

"Life," I say moving closer to you in the dim light, "is full of
surprises!" I sit by you on the bed. "And I love it when they come and
hit you in the face."

Reaching forward I kiss you on those lips, feeling a
gentle intrepidation, then opening, then tongues meeting. You taste of
archers here, but I want to know what else you taste of. Leaving your
kiss I move my mouth down to your bare breasts, letting my tongue slide
over you, leaving the surface of my tongue to stay still till your
nipples stiffen under it. Returning to your other breast I repeat the
treatment, my hand on your hip as your near naked form rests below me. I
kiss you once again I sense some urgency I guess. I stand for a second
and shrug off my jacket and begin to undo my shirt. I stop, my attention
is drawn by your G string, were you listening to what I said last night?
What was it now... about thongs, they are so little and they do so much!
Well this certainly does a lot for me, I am so fond of it I want to it to
become a tangled scrap of material unable to do the job it was designed
for. My fingers run over your behind, down your thighs, up your thighs and
finally cup your pubic region, a little light pressure ensures I can feel
your heat and dampness, time to get to work I feel.

I halt my fingering and take off my shirt, socks and I watch your nearly
naked body as I
take down my trousers. My cock springing free, stiff from the view. I sit
by you again and this time I slide a hand into your panties, strange
sensation as a smile crosses my face. "So you shave my dear."

A smile
crosses yours. I move my body to the foot of the bed and trace my
fingers onto your inner thigh stroking up and down before resting again
on your G string as your legs spread for me, this time applying more
pressure as I stroke your pussy the juices flow into your underwear
which were not really designed for this. Sliding the gusset to one side
I slip one finger into you, and begin slow steady motion, my tongue finds
your clit and places good steady pressure on to it. That heady sex
feeling comes over me, better than any drug as my tongue finally gets to
delve into your pussy. After a while I sit up to examine your face to see
if I am doing the right thing and so I can finally get your g string, as
nice as it is out of the way. Faced with a shaved pussy I could go on
eating you all night... but I need direction I feel what is it you want?

\* \* \*

My g-string was soaked beyond what it could handle, I could feel its
wetness
on my legs. I sit up, "Darling what's taking so long?"
You look up "Pardon?"
I lean down and unclip the g-string and pull it way from me I then trace
the
wetness over my tits and nipples. I go back to my pussy to cover the
g-string in yet more juices, I then rub it all over my neck and lips
coating
me in my most erotic places in my juice just ready to be licked off. I
push
you down to me, "Darling, please!" With that I wrap my legs round you
trapping
you on my super wet pussy.
As you lick me out, I sip champagne and now and again pour some at the
base
of my belly and it trickles down over my pussy, where you eat me. For
over 2
hours you eat, tease, lick me. Up top, my nipples are like bullet
points,
my eyes are closed, I'm writhing in pleasure needing release but so
expertly
denied it.

From your position you could see my face, my face was that of
total contentment, eyes closed in pleasure, a smile on my lips, hand
caressing
my neck and nipples. You then decide it was time, you dived in hard and
deep, In less then 5 tongue strokes by body tenses as I let out a long
low
groan as a HUGE orgasm rocked my body, making me cum, more and more
juices
pour out as my orgasm lasts, but on top of that lots of
mini
ones. I then lay still, my eyes closed, my body limp, a smile on my
mouth
as I drifted deep into sleep.
You were annoyed at the lack of pleasure I gave you, but you would have
your
revenge. "Night, night my darling," as you kiss me softly on my crimson
lips.
You pull a sheet over me, and pick my silk dress up as not to get it
ruined,
you then laid next to me and fell asleep as well.

\* \* \*

Your eyes open slowly, very slowly. A little sore headedly you rise and
look at the alarm and grown at the time. 7.30am? Hell. Your eyes
accustom to the gloom. Bed clothes around, dress next to you. Heels on
the floor. Myself sat at the desk in jeans sipping at a coffee.

"Morning sleepy head."

"ughhh."

"Archers will do that to you."

"Why am I so sticky?" I smile. Realisation, dawns on you too you
smile at the thought.

"Why are you up so early?" you ask

"Well that little shindig we went to last night was our trade show
party, today the real work begins. Its an attempt by our reps to get us
plastered before we cut some major deals today. Fortunately I did most
of my dealing last week but there's still a few people I gotta see."

"Where?"

"London Arena. A few blocks away. Want to come?"

"Well um I am a little under dressed can I go home first?"

"No time babes.. I do have a plan for today though should I outline
it?"

"Go on..."

"Well begins with you in the shower. Then we shall go and get you some
new clothes, something casual. And you accompany me for the day,
remember what I was saying about needing a girl Friday and afterwards
the time we spend is up to you."

I stand and move closer to you, bending down and kissing you full on
the lips. My hand peels back the covers to your naked, sticky form and
finds a nipple to play with.

"Though a repeat performance of last night would be most enjoyable I
think."

"What do you suggest I will wear?" Your tone is matter of fact and
business like.

"Hmmmm let me think." I always think better when preoccupied and my
hand slips uninterrupted to your pussy. "A new D&G athletic top maybe? A
pair of blacker than black jeans. And though I love your heels some new
boots to go with the jeans I think." You look at your cumcovered G
string a tangled scrap of material on the bed beside you.

"I'll have to get some undies too..."

"Nah new company policy, none of my employees are allowed to wear
underwear on the job."

My finger has been working a steady motion on your clit as we talk.
"What's your motive? Your..."

"catch...?"

"Yes..." your accent thickens as I smile.

"London Arena is a nice place, though dull. Today it will also be full
of bores. I need something to keep me actively minded and your lovely
form is a wonderful solution. The place is full of cordoned off dark
areas, private rooms I am sure we can have some fun of a physical
nature. And I promise dinner tonight anywhere you want." My fingers still
working your clit delve into your pussy as I kiss you again.

\* \* \*

You are amazed at how quickly I get very wet. By now, I've woken up and
"Mmm, thats lovely Darling." When I said that you relised how much my
swedish accent was dominating my usual quiet voice, although it may have
something to do with your fingers.

You tease me and quickly make me cum. "Now, off the the shower with you."
As I stand up you playfully slap my ass and notice as more of my juices
run down my thighs.

I walk into the bathroom and put the power shower on hot and start to
wash my body with a big fluffy sponge and lots of creamy soap. I also
wash my hair as it felt sticky as well. The shower helped to clear my
head.

I got out of the shower, my skin pink now, I wrap a towel round my hair
and pick up a cotton robe. I pad out of the bathroom on my toes, my body
still dripping wet. I walk over to the breakfast bar and get some coffee
and cereal. I sit and munch it. When you come back in, I look up.
"Darling, I take it, I'm going to have to wear my dress to go shopping?"

"Not at all, I've been for you." In your hands are 3 bags with shop
names on them. You put them on the bed and say, "Let me show you." With
that you pull out a pair of ankle boots with 5" chunky heel. Then a
tight looking D&G top and you then smile, "The best bit is last!" You
then pull out a pair of leather trousers. They look small and lace up at
the back which is kind of sexy.

"They're nice, do I really have to wear no underwear?" I asked shyly.

"Well, your chest needs no help in that department, that was obvious
from your dress, and anything like a thong, g-string or whatever would
spoil the fine smoothness of the trousers." You put the trousers down
and walk over and kiss me on the cheek.

I finsh my breakfast and start to blow dry my hair and brush it back
over my head, it takes me an hour to do my hair, by now i'm dry all over. I
dust my body with baby powder. "Ok then lets get this done." I walk over
to the bed and pick the trousers up, then sit on the bed and put my
feet into them. "Darling, you will need to help me."

You nearly stumble in the rush to help me. "Ok Darling," Between us it
takes several minutes to get the trosuers on.

"My god they are tight!" I gasp as we pull them up onto my hips. "I think
you will need to lace me up." You push my hair over my shoulder as not
to get caught in the laces. You slowly tighten the laces, as you do I
feel the centre seam rub on my lips and spread them, this also results
in my ass cheeks being parted and lifted by the trosuers. Once you tied
the laces off, you slipped a padlock onto each pair of eyelets, so If the
laces broke the trosuers would stay on, but also meant I cound't take
them off.

I walk over to the mirror and moan as the seam rubs me. I turn in the
mirror and spot the padlocks. I point to them. Your reply is, "I'd hate
for any man to take advantage of such a beautiful creature."

"I see, fair enough." I walked over, and pull the top on, which was very
close fitting and my aroused state caused my nipples to be hard and
were readily visble through the top. I sat down and slipped the boots
on and zipped them up. I looked in the mirror and then relised how sexy
I looked. "My God I look sexy. Darling when I'm being your 'Girl Friday'
as you put it do you want my business voice, or my swedish heavy sexy
one?"

"No contest the swedish one." You smile. You kiss me and say, "It's time
to go darling."

With that we walk down to the foyer and walk out into the cold-ish
morning. My nipples doubling in hardness and become even more
apparent. Without thinking about it my hand slipped into yours and I
tighten my grip slightly. We walk to the trade show, "What sort of show is
it darling?"

As we walk through the main doors there is a huge banner saying 'Welcome
to RUBBERFEST 1999'

"Its a fetish one darling!" With that you dragged me
into another set of doors and another adventure began.

\* \* \*

You look a little dazzled as we step through the doors, we sign in and
are assigned our name tags. I pin yours to the sleeve of your top. We
don't really want to draw anymore attention to your breasts. Your
looking at me in rather confused and worried way. So I take you round
the corner for some reassurance.
"OK I know this isn't my main line of business, I wasn't lying to you.
But when business was slack a while back we had to do something, and a
supplier was offering us very good rates from a subsidiary company they
were trying to get off the ground. Because we had the mail order side
already set up we just had to switch products a round a little. My
Assistant got me into it really, she thought it could make good business
sense in the long term. That and she has a taste for leather things but
anyway." I continue, "there's other reasons why I brought you here too.
I like you a lot. I think we have a certain future together and I want
to know if you can cope with some of the things I am into. Now I am not
by any means into all the stuff you see here, and I don't want to weird
you out. But if you can cope with today then you can probably cope with
anything I can give you or put up on you.'

You nod quietly, your voice returns to its previous not so accented
quiet self.

"Then why are you making me wear this?"

"Several reasons. Today you work for me and this is your assigned
uniform. Also you're not going to look out of place here in this. Plus you
look like a goddess, and I can make you feel like one too.' I look
around, no one to see so I cup your pubic region through the leather
gently stroking your parted pussy lips, kissing you I reach around and
cup your butt. You seem a little more relaxed now and sure of yourself.
We wander around the exhibitions finding the stalls where I have to do
business. You busy yourself collecting catalogues for me and looking on
in amazement at the things you find. I leave you for a while and go and
talk to a stall holder who I need to talk to, there'll be a surprise for
you at the hotel room. When I catch up with you again I take you off to
a quiet corner. "Enjoying yourself?"

"Yes there's entire worlds out there that you just don't know about
isn't there?"

"Sure is." I come closer to you and begin to kiss you again, though this
is still a reasonably public place you seem relaxed as I touch you. My
hand wanders again between your legs which voluntarily part for my hands
to explore. I stroke you till I feel your nipples pushing stiffly against
my shirt through your top. I break our embrace.

"Now my train leaves tonight at 8. I have my room till 7. Its 12 now I
think in my personal opinion we should in all honesty go and use it
don't you?"
Your eyes flicker, you think and silently nod and you smile. I take your
bag full of catalogues and walk with you out the door nodding and waving
to people as I pass with you. We reach the doors and head across the
road, the busy traffic parting for you... not me.

We take the lift. You sense my urgency as I come forward to kiss you.
We step out of the lift at our floor I open the door and let you in
first. On the bed is a box marked 'For Chloe'. You look at me
quizzically.

"Open it."

Inside is the Shania outfit done for you.

"I was talking to a supplier and thought hmmmmmmm." I walk up behind
you and kiss your neck as you take the outfit out of the box. "We could
do lunch first before we do anything else. Show it off..." My words
trail off as I hold you close to me.

\* \* \*

"Thank you Darling, its lovely!" I kiss you and skip into the bathroom
with
the outfit and lock the door. I emerge about an hour later, wearing the
outfit and 6" spike heels. "Darling"
You look up and your mouth falls wide open. "You look so sexy," you
manage
to stammer.

"I know but I think its a size or two small for me. Just look, you can
see
my nipples and they're not even hard. And the trousers, you can almost see
my
pussy, and look at my ass!" I turn round to show you a perfect ass on
display,
"I mean, couldn't you get it a bit looser?"

"I could have darling, but you look so much nicer like that." You walk
over
to me, "You forgot these." You pull out a dildo and with some effort slide
it
deep into me. Then you pull out some elbow length rubber gloves to match
the outfit. You then slip a wedding ring over my finger.

I look at you an say, "Whats this?"

"Its just a ring, but it signifies my bond to you. Whilst you're wearing
it I want you to know no harm will come to you, nothing will happen that
you won't like, I have an idea what you will and won't like. If you
don't like something take it off and it won't be entered into again, but
when you are wearing it you're mine to please."

"I've said it before my thing is giving pleasure. I think you'll find
pleasure in going to a restaurant dressed like this, it appeals to the
exhibitionist in you, otherwise you would never have come out like you
did to the trade show. Also teetering down the street in your heels
whilst that dildo enters and leaves you will certainly keep a smile on
your face. Now your turn, you choose the restaurant because I don't want
you to feel embarrassed, but judging from this far I don't think you
will be, by bumping into some one you know. And when we get back, you'rr
mine to please and tease till I have to leave for my train. How do you
feel about that?"

I grab my ankle length black fake fur coat, and wrap it round my body
hiding my outfit apart from the boots. "Will you escort me?" as I take
your arm. Instead of taking the lift we walk down 20 floors. I can feel
the
trousers seam rubbing my clit and the dildo moving in me making me very
horny, I then start to feel my juices run down the inside of the
trousers very slowly.

"Which restaurant are we going to?" you whisper in my ear.
We walk arm in arm like a couple would on a cold day, the public having
no idea what the coat hide from view. We walk for about ten minutes and I lead us
down an alley way which opens up into a lovely green courtyard, with an
Italian restaurant. At the front is the maitre' de, who asks, "Can I help
you?"

"Yes you can, tell Luigi his good friend Chloe is here, and
would like a secluded table for two."

The man hesitated then walked off, shortly a big Italian man came out
from the kitchen and called out "Chloe!!!"
I ran over to him and gave him a big hug. "Hello, papa. This is my
friend James. We'd like a table for 2, if you know what I mean."

"Ahh I certainly do my lovely lady, can I take your coat?" I slip the
coat off and Luigi looks at me up and down and say, "You are still
gorgeous."

We're shown to a secluded table and it is quickly set and menus brought
out and a bottle of wine, which I always have when I come here.

"Chloe,
I
thought, umm i mean I thought you said your dad died." You ask cautiously.

"My dad did die, but Luigi, looked after me and he insisted I call him
papa. He's wonderful."

We talk and taste for over 2 hours around 4pm I suggest, we move to more
comfortable surroundings. With that I rub my foot in your groin, and
smile wickedly. The bill is paid by the restaurant and we walk back to
the
hotel, my body pressed hard against you.
We walk into the room and some champas is waiting. I drop my coat and
kiss you deeply.
I hold you in my arms and as we part I look you directly in the eye.

\* \* \*

"Now pleasure as I said is my deal." I reach up to your neck and undo
your top at the collar. Peeling it from your body. I feel a slight sheen
of sweat. Anticipation. You stand before me topless my eyes roam your
breasts. My head reaches down and I kiss your breasts tonguing at your
nipples till they are stiff. I take off your ring, you look
questioningly. I hold my hand up remove your gloves and put the ring
back on. Throwing your arms over my shoulders I embrace you again,
kissing you deeper, my arms reach down between your legs and I lightly
tap the dildo trapped in your vagina your eyes light up in reaction. I
pull you to the bed with me you motion forward.

"Get the chair and come here... please." When you return with the chair
from across the room I ask you to sit opposite me. I ask for your foot
and I am given it. I remove your shoe and begin to rub your foot as you
sit in the chair looking at me asking what to expect.
"Think your wildest thoughts. What makes you horny, what makes you feel
like a goddess. Close your eyes and drift. What makes you want to
fuck?."

My hands work the pressure points on your feet. "Just think it
to yourself, do what you like with your thoughts, those lonely nights we
all have, the nights when there's no one to share your bed, what happens?
What make your hands want to drift to that gorgouese pussy of yours?"

I
remove your other shoe and continue the process. You're lost in your
thoughts. I watch your reactions, your hands do drift but are denied by
your trousers, you work the dildo instead pushing against your trousers.

"Good. Stand for me."
You stand for me I notice you raise yourself to the balls of your feet. I
begin to peel the trousers from your body aided by your own juices that
you have deposited down your legs. You sit in the chair as the trousers come down to your knees trapping your legs and keeping your pussy
occupied. I help you remove the rest of your trousers.

"Spread your legs
for me." I groan a low moan as you do. Here I am alone with a complete
goddess who's involuntarily been fucking herself most of the afternoon.
I reach forward and kiss you again, this time with a better but sticky
grip I work the dildo in and out of you. I stop and pull it out. you
gasp.

"Go and kneel for me on the bed Chloe."

You do as you are told you
sit up watching me as I undress. My trousers pool at my feet and I am
naked and extremely hard now. I come on to the bed and kneel before you
a level playing field now I kiss you again holding your butt to me, my
erection pressing against your body slick with sweat and your own pussy
juices. I slide my hand down to your clit.

"I can kneel and I can wait, and I can finger you from here to
eternity. Just putting a smile on your face gives me so much pleasure...
but now I want something."

I take my hand and put two fingers in a
champagne glass, I drip the liquid onto your body and watch as it
trickles down your chest to your shaven pussy. Then I offer my hand for
you too lick my fingers. You do.

"I want you to bend over, on all fours and let me slide my cock deep
into you till I am filling you completely and I wish to continue doing
that till I shoot my load inside you, and seeing as I haven't cum, even
whilst licking you out last night I am sure to cum heavily."

I reach for
a condom.

"Sorry to be so clinical but it's my way. Do you understand?"

You nod.

'Then take the position for me on all fours please."
