---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Three Strikes (alternate ending)
authors:
- Darkraptor1
tags:
- M+-f
- mum
- enclosed
- casket
- nc
- X
date: 2006-02-02 00:00:00
---

Three
strikes alternate ending (not the official ending)

*Thanks to Tiedash for inspiring this alternate ending*

The ship was waiting at the pier,
the large crate sat on the docks, with the words "Fine china"
stenciled onto its side.

This was the target crate that
Julia needed to get.  Luckily, there were no guards at the pier at this
time of night.  It was just her, the truck, and the trolley.

With this being a solo job, it was
tricky to get the crate onto the trolley.  Weighing in at roughly one
hundred pounds, it was not easy.

To an observer, it would come as
no surprise when the trolley tipped, slamming the crate onto the pier, which
promptly broke.  The crate fell down into the water, where it vanished
with a loud splash.  An observer would also have heard Julia's barrage of
cuss words.

Actually, someone did hear these
things.

As Julia continued to curse and
swear, four shapes came out from behind another crate.  They had been
waiting there the entire time, just to see if things had gone well.

"Well Julia," Mario said
casually, puffing his cigar.  "Looks like you failed."

Until that moment in her life,
Julia had never truly known fear.  Now she did.  "Mario,"
she said.  "I can explain!  The trolley, it was…"

"I don't care about the
trolley."  Mario said.  "What I care about are my Tommy
guns.  Where are my Tommy guns?  I want my Tommy Guns.  Can you
give me my Tommy guns?"

There was no response from Julia. 
She simply trembled with fear.

Mario sighed.  "I guess
you don't have my Tommy guns then."  Julia made no response. 
"Very well then."  Mario looked back at his three henchmen and
nodded.  "I'm sorry it's had to come to this Julia, but you've left
me with no choice."

With a quick snap of the fingers,
the three henchmen were upon Julia.  Switchblades were opened, and the
clothes from Julia's body were cut away.  One of those blades was pressed
to her neck as they forced her onto the ground.  Two held her down while
the third grabbed the box of horse bandages.

As they wrapped her up in the tight, stretchy bandages, Mario watched
silently, puffing away at his cigar.  After five minutes, he looked at
his pocket watch impatiently.  "Come on boys," he said. 
"We don't have all night."
The henchmen did not reply. They only intensified their efforts to wrap the
woman beneath them.  And in five more minutes, they were finished.

As the henchmen inserted some
tubes and wires into the mummified woman, Julia lay on the pier, squirming and
struggling in her bindings in a desperate effort to gain freedom.  She
had no idea what Mario was planning, but she knew that it wasn't good.

With a casual flick, Mario tossed
his cigar off the pier and into the water.  He walked over to the bound
form of his former henchwoman as his henchmen prepared the body coffin.

He knelt next to her form, stroked
her bandaged skin, relishing in the soft feel.  "Because you are
dismissed from being a hitman," he said.  "I have another job
for you, one that cannot fail."

Julia squirmed and tried to talk,
but the bandages stuffed and wrapped in her mouth kept her silent. 
"I could have sold you to one of my associates in
Canada
, so be grateful that I'm being this kind."

The henchmen came over carrying
the body coffin.  Julia began to give muffled screams as they picked up
her squirming form and put her in the casket.  This time however, belts
were applied to her wrapped form, tying her down to the caskets lower section. 
She continued to squirm and give her muffled screams as they lowered the upper
part of the casket down.

With a click and a hiss, the top
of the casket was on, and covered the body of the mummified woman within. 
The straps, bolts and locks were applied on the sides of the casket, binding
the two halves into one.

Julia's eyes had been left
unwrapped, so she could see out of the casket's eyeholes.  She could not
see what was going on outside her private prison, but she could hear it. 
And then, just like that, everything went black. 
She began to panic when she realized that her eyeholes had been covered up,
leaving her in complete and utter darkness.  "*It's okay*,"
she thought, trying to calm herself down.  "*It's okay. 
You're going to be okay, you're going to be okay…*"  She
repeated it over and over like a mantra, trying to keep from going mad.

"*You're going to be
okay…*"

Outside the body casket, the
remaining locks and straps were tightened down, and the job was finished.

The henchmen picked up the casket
and carried it over to a waiting limo in the parking lot.  Mario followed
and got into the car with his henchmen, the casket, and the mummified woman
who was sealed inside.

\*\*

Two weeks later

\*\*

The latest party was another hit
with the guests, and this pleased Mario to no end.  The guests loved to
comment on his exquisite pieces of art, such as the straight jacketed men
covered in silver paint, and the latex covered women who had been converted
into chandeliers.

But the surprise hit of the party
was the silver body casket.  It had been placed onto a display stand and
given a soft glow by surrounding lights.  Dozens of guests surrounded the
casket, marveling at its beauty.

"I say Mario," one of
the guests said, "That is a beautiful casket you have there.  Wasn't
that the one I saw at your last party?"

"Why yes it is madam. 
You obviously have a good memory."  The woman chuckled.

"Oh Mario.  You do know
how to flatter a woman!"  As she went off to get some more drinks,
Mario's new hitman walked up to him.

"So boss," he said. 
"How long are you planning on keeping her in there?"  Mario
smiled.

"A very long time my boy.  With the IV's and other equipment we've
got hooked up, she could theoretically live for another fifty years."

"Wow.  But she is getting out, right?"

Mario took a deep puff of his
cigarette, and watched the smoke drift into the ceiling fan.  Then he
smiled, and looked at the hitman.

"Who said anything about
letting her out?"

[story
continues in part two](three_strikes2.html)
