---
original_url: https://www.mummified.net/storieslr/room_for_the_winter.html
subcategory: Mummified
title: A Room for the Winter
authors:
- don4u2call
tags:
- Sbm
- wrap
- D/s
- bond
- cons
- X
---

It was 4:00pm on Friday. She was on her way home
from work. His heart was pounding as he removed his clothes. He was in
the basement. He wasn't allowed in his room anymore. Hell, he wasn't allowed
out of the basement very often except for school or "Chores" as she called
them. He'd be hers until Sunday afternoon when she gave him time to recover
and study.

He had to get ready. He hoped she'd had a good
day. She took out all her frustrations out on him. He thought back a little
as he sat on the plastic covered metal framed bed. It was in one corner
of the cold damp basement.

He was in his first year of college. He moved
into the city and needed a place to stay during school. He had found her
name on a college bulletin board that she had a room to rent for a male.
When he called he noted she had a sexy deep English accent on the phone.
After they talked for a few minutes she gave him the address and told him
to come over. He went to her home as directed and met her at the door. 
She was a nurse, in her mid 40's, very slim, very tall, dyed black hair,
dark back eyes and wore heavy makeup. She was still in her nursing uniform.
Her home was an older brick house with a second story and a large basement.
She had showed him a room on the second floor.

She was very curt with him right from the beginning,
but from some reason he seemed to like it. She set out a long list of rules.
She wanted everything kept clean and tidy. He would have to help with the
chores around the house and do what she asked her. It seemed reasonable.
But when she told him that she wanted everything kept sterile, he laughed
so she slapped him. He was stunned but he signed the lease. He took the
room.  It didn't scare him them... but now.

His heart was pounding. He had to get ready. He
was naked and went up to the kitchen and took a roll of cellophane from
the cupboard. It was blue cling film. She liked the blue. It was more antiseptic
looking. He went downstairs back to his musty damp room. He was staying
in the basement these days. She said it saved time.

He hated this part. He slowly wrapped each of
his legs. He started with his feet, then from the ankles to his thighs
and kept on going up around his abdomen, chest and up to his neck. 
He wrapped his shaft down between his legs to hide it and so that there
was no way for him to rub it. She didn't want him to have an "accident"
as she called it.

He then wrapped each arm from the wrists to his
shoulders. He was starting to sweat in the plastic. Took the roll and set
it on the bed. He went to the closet and pulled out the metal wrist cuffs,
ankle cuffs and leather collar, two metal chains and a red gag that had
a small hole which ran through it. This hole had a small plug in it which
sealed it. He went back to the bed. He put the black leather ankle cuffs
on his ankles and connected them with a short chain. He connected the other
small chain to it and let it hang free. He took the cellophane and wrapped
his feet and his legs together and kept wrapping up to his neck and back
down with the loose chain hanging down.

He really hated this part, but it was what she
wanted. Her directions were to wrap his head, then gag himself, then more
cling film over his head. She wanted him completely wrapped up.

He sighed a little as he took the roll and wrapped
his head up leaving his nose and mouth free. He shuddered as he took the
red ball gag, opened his mouth. It was huge. He had to stretch his jaw
to put it in. Once it was behind his teeth it wasn't too bad. He 
buckled it on. He then wrapped a couple more layers over his head, over
the gag leaving his nose free. He put the collar around his neck and connected
the buckle securing it. He laid on his stomach on the bed. The plastic
squeaked. He squirmed and struggled but he reached back and pulled his
legs up. He took the wrist cuffs, pulled the ankle chain through it and
then locked it on his wrists behind his back, effectively hogtieing himself
in the plastic. Bound and gagged, he was there until someone released him.

It was 4:30. He could just make out the clock
through the plastic over his eyes. She'd be home in half an hour. He squirmed
a little. He was heating up. And helpless. His jaw was starting to ache
already... It was going to be a long weekend.

He occasionally looked at the clock. 5:00...5:30...
oh god.. she's late... 6:00.... finally... he heard footsteps up stairs...
she was walking around up there... his heart was pounding....

She came down... he squirmed as he heard her walking
to him.. he looked up at her... she was still in her nursing uniform. She
had a drink in one hand and a long brown cigarette in the other. She came
and sat on the bed... she patted his head...

"Not bad" she said looking down at the squirming
wrapped form on the bed. The shiny blue plastic sealing his body. The cling
film distorted his face. She looked at the gag behind the plastic and noted
the drool that had oozed from behind it and was collecting under his chin.

" I'm glad your here.. I had a very shitty day"....
he sighed again... this wasn't going to be good....

She sat there for a few minutes working on her
smoke, and drink....

"Well puppy... lets get started". She sat her
drink and smoke down and went to a drawer. She pulled out a long heavy
white rubber apron .. like a butcher's and pulled it over her head and
let it hang down. She reached behind her and tied the rubber straps behind
her back. She stepped out of the white sneakers she was wearing into the
black rubber boots. She then took a white surgical mask and pulled it on,
tying it at the back and let it hang loosely around her neck. She pulled
out a pair of white latex gloves. She didn't want to touch his skin. She
pulled one on her right hand and he heard the snap.

"I'm really tense sweety. It's going to take a
lot to get me relaxed." He squirmed at hearing her say that. She pulled
on the other rubber glove.

She took another long drag on her smoke, closed
her eyes for a second holding her breath, walked over to him, bent down
and slowly blew the smoke into his nose. He coughed into the gag.

"Oooo. Poor baby." she said smiling. She pulled
the surgical mask up.

"I need to get you set up properly here. We need
a clear striking area, don't we."

She unclipped the chain from his ankles to his
wrists. She connected his ankle chain to the foot rail of the bed, then
took his arms and pulled them up. They were still connected together. She
took another chain and connected it to the wrist cuffs, forced his arms
up and connected them to his collar. He squirmed in the plastic wrapping
as he watched her go and pick up a cat o'nine tails. She walked over to
him... He was shaking... She patted his plastic wrapped head.

"Relax puppy... its going to be ok. "  She
stood up and stepped back. He watched her planting her feet.

He looked up, and tensed and she bought the crop
up....

"Here we go sweety"

SMACK... She first struck his ass. Not too hard,
but enough to get him to squirm.

SMACK .... SMACK....

Mmmphhhhhhh.. He was moaning in his gag.

SMACK.... SMACK.. SMACK... she was picking up
speed.

MMMMMPHHHHHH ..... he looked up at her... her
eyes were closed a little. He could tell she was getting turned on.

"Oh baby.. this feels soooo good"... she said.

SMACK

MMMMMMMPHHHHHHH.. he squirmed.... SMACK

SMACK... "yes.... reallll goood"

SMACK

"I've had such a bad day.. I really need this"...

SMACK

She worked her way up and down his back and legs....
he was sobbing into the gag.. sweating... the sweat oozing from the plastic
wrap onto the bed... welts were reddening up and she continued to whip
him....

SMACK. .... SMACK....  She was moaning a
little with each hit...

"OOOO baby... mmmmm" she mewed quietly.

SMACK

"OHHH YES"

SMACK .... SMACK... SMACK .. SMACK

She was working up a sweat herself. She was out
of breath.

"I need a break... OK?"

She stopped, pulled down the mask and picked up
her smoke. She watched him squirming on the bed. She took another sip of
her drink. After a few minutes she had finished the smoke. She pulled the
mask back up and adjusted it.

"Let's get back to it... just a few more." she
said picking up the whip and walking up it him. He saw her planting her
feet and winding up.

SMACK... SMACK... SMACK... SMACK... SMACK

Each time he jumped, she shuddered a little...
she was panting.

The plastic was starting to shred a little.....
she stopped.
"Enough of that for now." She smiled.

She went and got another drink and a smoke. She
lit the smoke and walked over to the head of the bed. She sat on the edge,
pulled the rubber apron up,  pulled down her panties and hiked up
her skirt. She then moved to the head of the bed, her long legs on each 
side of his head. He could already smell her muskyness... She hadn't washed
all day. She reached down, took the plastic away from his gag, the pulled
his gag out. Drool oozed from his mouth onto the plastic sheet.

She smiled. She liked everything wet and slippery.
She slid her sex right in front of his face and mouth, pulled his head
onto it. She flopped the apron down covering him. She took a long drag
and her smoke, and a sip of her drink, closed her eyes and started to relax...
the only sound was the rustling of the plastic as his head bobbed up and
down as he pleasured her with his hot wet tongue.... She looked down, watching
the apron moving up and down and smiled.

"Ahhh" she said. "now.. I feel a little better".

She thought to herself that this could be a good
weekend after all. She moved back and forth as his tongue moved up and
down, gently licking her lips, darting in and out of her... he knew what
she liked. She rocked back and forth, pulling his plastic covered head
hard against her sex. He could feel her shaking, he was struggling for
air as she mashed his face against her. He heard her moaning and shaking....
finally... she stopped... holding him in place.... after a few more minutes...
she moved.. slowly pulling herself away from him.... swinging her legs
over his head and sitting on the edge of the bed..... the plastic slippery
with her juices, his sweat and drool.

She was panting...

"Oooo baby... that was good". she was holding
her head in her hands.... "Mmmm... you know what I like". After a few minutes
she reached down and pulled her panties back up and adjusted the apron.
She took the gag and stuffed it back into his mouth and tied it on. She
then walked to the closet.

"Time to clean you out" she said. He squirmed.
He hated enema's. Especially hers. It was usually multiples. He looked
over at her. She was humming to herself as she pulled out the large clear
enema bag. She put some blue colored soap in it. She walked over to the
taps that were near the sewer opening. She ran the cold water and filled
the bag. She walked over to him and hung the bag over the bed on a hook
in the ceiling. She ran a long hose down from it and put it beside his
bottom. She tore some plastic away from his cheeks and with her fingers,
pulled them apart.

"Sorry sweety, I'm out of Lube... I'll have to
ease it into you". She took the nozzle with her left hand, and with her
right hand pulled his cheeks apart, exposing his anus. She took the nozzle,
rolled it on the drool near his head and then put it up against his anus.
With small circular motions, she forced it into him. He squirm a little
but couldn't go anywhere. It only took a moment and a little pain (which
was actually minor compares to all the welts on his back side) to get it
in him. She gave it a gentle pull to ensure it was in him, then opened
the nozzle.

"Here it comes sweety" she said as she stepped
back. She pulled off her latex gloves and threw them in the garbage. "I'll
be back in about 20 minutes. Be sure not to loose any. I'm going to get
another drink." she said. She left him there.

He suddenly felt the cold water entering his system.
He grunted. He felt it flowing into his bowels. He rocked back and forth
and squeezed trying to prevent it from flowing in. But it was useless.
He knew it from experience. He started to cramp. He looked up. She always
put the bag where he could see it. She wanted him to know. He watched.
From experience, it would be ten minutes to empty the bag, and she liked
it to sit in him for 10 minutes. Then he'd be drained, and two rinsing
enema's. It was 7:10 pm now. He rocked back and forth as he bloated up.
He rolled on his side easing the pressure on his stomach. He was panting
into the gag. Almost crying. He looked at the bag. It was three quarters
empty. The blue colored liquid draining into him. His head was spinning.
The heat, the bondage, the water filling him the helplessness he felt.
He was starting to cry.

He rocked back and forth continuously. It helped.
The bag was empty. He was cramping. He moaned into the ball gag. Finally
she came back. He looked up at her with his puppy dog eyes.

"There there sweety.... let's get you drained
out".

She snapped a new pair of rubber gloves on, grabbed
a short chain and walked over to him. She released his feet from the foot
of the bed and pulled him to the edge of the bed. She connected the chain
to the front of the collar.

She reached up and grabbed the bag with one hand
and pulled him up by his collar with the other. He moaned as she pulled
him off the bed. He was doubled over as she had him hop to the sewer drain
in the floor. A chain hung directly over it.
She connected the chain to the front of his collar.
His arms were still up behind him. She positioned his feet ahead of the
drain and pulled out the floor grate over the sewer.

"OK  sweety... get ready" She reached down
and pulled out the nozzle.... His bowels evacuated quickly.. He was moaning
into the gag as he emptied down into the sewer. She had stepped away and
was attaching a long hose to the taps. She ran the water and was washing
the area down as he drained out.

"Finished?" she asked. He nodded. She took the
hose, slowed the water down to a trickle and put it to his anus and filled
him up again with the hose... At least the water was warmer. She rubbed
his belly as she filled him.

After a minute.. she pulled the hose away. He
evacuated again. Once again, she put the hose against his anus, filled
him, rubbing his belly and watching. He was moaning. She was smiling. She
pulled it away and he again spilled out into the sewer. She left him standing
there as she hosed down the area.

"We don't want you to have an accident.. do we...
better put a plug in" she said. She went to a drawer and pulled out an
inflatable plug with a hollow tube. While he was still standing there,
she eased the plug up inside him. He heard her inflating the plug and felt
it filling him.

"There. That should prevent any accidents until
tomorrow." she said as she disconnected the pump from the plug.

"Now. Let's get you dressed. I have a list of
things for you to do."

She released the chain from his collar and hopped
him over to another chain away from the sewer. This one, she connected
to the back of his collar and pulled it tight making him stand upright.
He watched her as she picked up a pair of scissors. She walked over to
him, bent down and cut the wrapping which was around both legs, but left
the first layer of plastic on. She had spread his legs apart.

She took the plastic film and again wrapped his
legs up, his torso, covering his ass and sealing the plug in him, and chest
up to his neck. She then went and picked up a black rubber maid uniform.
She had him step into it. She put some powder on the cellophane to help
the rubber slide up his body.  It was sleeveless but had a thick rubber
collar that fastened at the back. There were many layers of white rubber
ruffles that filled the bottom of the skirt giving it volume. The bottom
of the skirt went to his mid-thigh. She found the  long back rubber
stockings. After removing the leather ankle cuffs, she rolled the rubber
stockings on his legs up to his thigh. She put specially made rubber knee
pads on each of his knees. They were thick rubber and had a connecting
chain with a 6 inch separation.  She put the ankle cuffs back on and
connected them with a 12 inch chain. She unhooked him from the overhead
chain and shuffled him to a small stool. She had him sit down. A strap
went over his thighs and she connected the ankle chain to the base of the
stool.

She reached behind him and released his wrists
from the back of his collar. His arms popped down but were still cuffed
together. She pulled off his collar but left his arms behind his back.
She smiled at him.

She cuffed his face in her hands. "You look hot.
Are you hot? I bet you are." she said like she was talking to a baby.

"Are you thirsty sweety?" she asked. He nodded.
She took a squeeze bottle from a shelf. He watched her reach beneath her
rubber apron, she adjusted her skirt and she stood in front of him. She
spread her legs little. She closed her eyes.

She was filling the bottle with her pee. "MMMM"
she said. "Mommy's getting baby something to drink"

He squirmed. This wasn't what he had in mind.
She shook her hips, pulled the bottle out, adjusted her skirt and walked
over to him. She unscrewed the small plug that sealed the gag, pulled his
head back and put the nozzle of the squeeze bottle to it, then forced the
hot warm salty liquid through the gag into his throat.

"That's a good girl" she said "Take it all in".
He was struggling not to choke. She squeezed the bottle harder, the liquid
gushing down into him. A few more squeezes and it was empty. She was smiling
as she took the bottle away.

"You're such a good girl." she said putting the
bottle down. "I'll have to get you a real treat later". She screwed the
plug back in the gag.

"Time for your hood and hat" she said as she picked
out the black rubber hood she wanted him to wear. This one had eye, nose
and a small round mouth holes. She pulled it over his plastic covered head.
She adjusted the eye holes, nose holes and mouth opening. She laced it
up the back, very tightly, putting more pressure on his head. He could
just make her out through the plastic that was still over his eyes. She
pulled the rubber collar part of the maid dress around his neck and laced
it on. She then put the leather collar around his neck. He heard the lock
clicking as she closed the small padlock. She stood up and took the white
rubber maid cap that went with the uniform and put it on his head and pulled
the draw strings so it could not come off.

Next were his arms. She un-cuffed them from behind
his back. They were so stiff that he couldn't move them. She rolled shoulder
length black latex gloves up each arm then pulled them together in front
of him. She took thick white rope and wrapped his wrists together, then
his elbows. She pulled his wrist up and tied them to his collar just below
his chin. His fingers were free, but he couldn't move his arms or pull
his hands away from his neck.

She released him front the stool. She had special
shoes for him to wear. They were heavy rubber and kept his feet straight
so he was walking almost on his tip toes. He hated these shoes. She pulled
one on his left foot, tightly laced it up, then the right.. She reconnected
the ankle cuffs and the hobble chain.

She stood back and smiled.

"OK honey.. stand up." She watched him struggle.
It was so difficult. He was hot, plugged, wrapped, hobbled, gagged and
helpless. And she was going to have him like this for most of the weekend.

"Get up sweety.... come one... don't get me mad". 
He squirmed more. He struggled trying to get off the stool, leaning forward.
He glanced at her. She was taking off the rubber gloves.

He was starting to panic. He rocked back and forth
on the stool, trying to get to his feet. He saw her shaking her head.

"Well. I see you need more motivation." she said.
He was frantically shaking his head desperately trying to get off the stool.
He looked over at her.

He was crying now. She had a thick wide cricket
paddle in her hands.
She was patting her hand with it.

"Well sweety.... I guess you're gonna git a paddling."

This was going to be a long weekend........

18/05/01
