---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: DaddysDolly
authors:
- Rajah Dodger
tags:
- M-f
- F-m
- F2doll
- mast
- blindfold
- oral
- rim
- drug
- mum
- bond
- sex
- reluct
- nc
- X
date: 2026-02-01 00:00:00
---

Frank looked up and down the length of the corridor, breathing through his COVID mask. The fluorescent ceiling panels flickered but everything was quiet as he slid the key into the top door lock. He held his breath as he tried to turn it, but then the resistance stopped and the bolt slid back into the door. One more breath, and the bottom lock yielded as well.

The door knob turned smoothly, and the door opened to let Frank inside. He closed the door just as the sound of the elevator came from the end of the corridor. He glanced at his watch: Seven-fifteen. The conference dinner and speeches would be going for two hours minimum, and there was a half hour drive to get here if every traffic light was green. Time to get started.

Frank pulled the NFC tracker out of his pocket and turned it on, pointing it in a slow semicircle from the wall on his left to the wall on his right. Ah, somewhere down that hallway. He could come back later and rummage through the living room, once he had what he came for.

The first door was a bathroom; a scan revealed nothing of interest. The next door was a coat closet, similarly meaningless. But the third door opened onto a bedroom and that's where the tracker really vibrated.

It was the total cliché of a bachelor's room – bed left unmade, strong scent of cologne, wastebasket needing to be emptied. Frank checked the wastebasket first just in case, looked under the bed and under the mattress, then efficiently went through the dresser and cabinet and night tables. He learned about the target's tastes in pornography, but there was no payday in that.

Finally, Frank opened the sliding closet door. And found himself face to face with a bare, busty, blindfolded, and brightly smiling blonde – who opened her arms at the brush of air around her bare skin and swung arms out to hug him tightly.

She squealed, "You're early," and planted a searing wet kiss on Frank, her tongue worming its way into his mouth with echoes reaching his cock. Suddenly she broke off the kiss and jerked back into the closet, pushing hanging dresses to either side. "YOU aren't DollysDaddy!"

Frank watched her breasts bouncing side to side, then shook his head to clear it. This was an unexpected distraction, and not something he knew how to deal with – other than getting the hell out. And that wasn't an option for him. 'DollysDaddy'? This guy had some really weird shit going on. He patted her shoulder reassuringly. "No, but your 'daddy' will be here in an hour or so. I wouldn't worry about that."

"Oh," she squealed, "Then you must be one of DollysDaddy's good friends! Why didn't you say so! I'll get comfortable!" She wriggled out of his grasp and out of the closet. Frank followed her, noticing how the blindfold was securely locked around the woman's head. She waved her hands out as if for balance, her ass sliding side to side as she made her way to the king-size bed and started playing with her nipples. Whoever Dolly's Daddy was, he was missing one hell of a show.

Frank mentally smacked himself. He had a job to do, and watching a naked woman masturbate wasn't part of it. He looked just long enough to assure himself that her blindfold wasn't going anywhere, then turned his attention to the closet she'd been stored in. He lifted his scanner and hit the button, and - hah! There WAS a concealed panel in the back wall of the closet, right behind where the blonde's naked shoulderblades would have been. Probably there had been others before him, but they went for the sex and never found the target.

He got to work, now that he knew where it was. The electronics were no problem, his tool had a suppressor to knock them out. Slicing through the drywall would leave evidence of the break-in, but that wouldn't matter by the time his target got back. Just a careful bit of cutting, along this line, and he'd be-

Two hands slithered around his crotch. "You're being mean! Do you like to play hide and seek like DollysDaddy's other friends? I'm really, really good at hide and seek." Deft fingers unfastened his belt and tugged his zipper down. "DollysDaddy says I'm the bestest at hide and seek!"

The childlike voice ought to have irritated him more. He realized though, that she wasn't actually coming on to him – this was just what she did with all her Daddy's friends. She wasn't trying to interfere – blindfolded like that she couldn't even see what he was doing. Frank opened a sharp line around the compartment panel and smiled. Carefully, he tugged around the edges while his boxers joined his slacks around his shoes. Now for his reward.

Cool talented fingers traced spirals and swirls around his full balls, and tugged his mind away to a different kind of reward. Frank started breathing more thickly, while the voice from behind him giggled and the silky material of that blindfold stroked his ass.

"Don't you think I'm a good finder?" She pumped his growing erection from root to tip, curled palm twisting around it. "DollysDaddy says it's finders keepers for his friends, are you here for finders keepers?" Her wet tongue parted Frank's cheeks, and flexed.

Frank groaned, his vision blurring a bit as he struggled with the cover panel. "Yeah… I'm big on finders keepers," he managed to respond, his sense of humor pushing through the growing erotic distraction. The insistent tongue and sliding fist made it impossible for him to finish removing the panel; he rotated his hips and pumped forward repeatedly as an all-but-unavoidable orgasm built up.

The blonde hit his triggers all at once, then managed to get around in front of him in time for his eruption. He spurted over her breasts and face, and then she wrapped her mouth around him to suck out everything else that he had to give. "I WIN!" she screamed. "FINDERS KEEPERS!"

Frank felt a hot searing sting at the base of his cock, then everything faded to dark.

Until…

Frank blinked his eyes, and nothing happened. Not quite nothing - he could feel his eyelashes rubbing against something. A tight hood of some sort, he could breathe a little through his nose and mouth, but sounds were muffled coming to his ears.

At first they sounded like a woman's voice; then as his head cleared he recognized it as the naked blonde's voice. There were high pitches going up and down and alternating with a deeper, presumably male, voice. When the sounds cleared into recognizable words, it was the woman again:

"DollysDaddy should be proud of me because I worked out this wasn't one of DollysDaddy's friends because he didn't take off my blindfold but what was I going to do so I went to your bed because I can find that blindfolded and when he sounded busy I opened DollysDaddy's footlocker and got the stinger from where you keep it so when I won I stung him like you've done and he agreed it was Finders Keepers so he's MINE!"

Frank struggled, lying on his back, but all of his muscles were loose as spaghetti. Moreover, he was naked and cocooned tightly in some very heavy slick material, his arms held behind him at the elbows. The cocoon wasn't total; there was a rear gap exposing much of his ass, and a front opening where his cock and balls hung out.

The floor beneath him vibrated, and a heavy weight settled across Frank's chest, pinning him down even more and making breathing difficult. "Well, well, well. You got pretty close there, didn't you." The man's voice didn't sound angry, or upset; it might have sounded amused, which worried Frank. "I suppose you're waiting for me to interrogate you, find out who you're working for, all of that guff. Well I'm sorry, but you're not that important. You tried, you got closer than anyone else – I'll give you that – but the end position is this: you lost. I'll have to see if a Faraday bag is proof against that gizmo you used, but otherwise all you accomplished was to waste a few hours of your time. And, for that matter, your freedom."

Cool hands wrapped around Frank's cock, and started bringing him back up to a usable erection.

"But since my smart girl here did such a good job, and she won you fair and square, I've given you to her. Your new name is DollysToy."

Something got squirted deep inside Frank's ass. His head started swirling, and he felt warm slick flesh slide down in flexing ripples from the tip of his cock to the base. The man was still talking.

"Good girls get rewarded. Good toys get kept around. If DaddysDolly gets tired of DollysToy, I've got other friends who like to use my toys."

Frank was having more and more trouble following what the man was saying, as Dolly was rocking on top of him making his erection use up most of his brain, and someone pushed something heavy and solid past his sphincter.

"I bet after a few visits, you'll like those rewards as well. Well, for now, you and DaddysDolly have fun!"

But by then, Frank was no longer paying attention.
