---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Just a Jog
authors:
- Zeedrot
tags:
- F-f
- Sbf
- outdoors
- bond
- chain
- cuffs
- blindfold
- clamps
- toys
- stuck
- caught
- pantygag
- cons
- X
date: 2025-10-18 00:00:00
---

The breeze was a welcome reprieve from the warm air. Zoey’s heart pounded in steady rhythm with her footfalls. This was her favorite running trail. Hardly anyone ever made the drive to come out here, but it was the perfect blend of slight curves, straightaways, and undulating hills. Her running attire, a simple but black and grey set, was a stark contrast to the natural lush greens and soft browns of nature enveloping the trail. Sweat streamed down her face and back in the summer heat. She adjusted her baseball cap to stop another rivulet of her perspiration from reaching her eyes. She focused on the blissful combination of the racing power metal music pounding in her left ear and the steady cadence of her own measured breathing.

Running and metal music, there wasn’t anything better she thought to herself as she pushed up one of the larger hills on her route. Well, maybe one thing, but the high building in her from her favorite exercise would still be a wonderful feeling today. The serenity of a runner’s high, that physical strain and exertion mixing with bliss and content, played well with the quiet beauty of the trail. Of course, the downside to this trail was that the same seclusion that made it Zoey’s favorite trail, also left her ever slightly on edge. Hence why she only had one earbud in, leaving her other ear free to track any unusual noises.

As the faint unease came to the fore of her mind, she entered the part of her route with the most underbrush. The one spot that truly made her concerned, even though she had never run afoul of anything on this trail. It was also close to the halfway point of her run which carried its own separate stress. Come on, Zoey told herself, just focus on the high, on the calmness, the euphoria. Her mind began to concentrate on the feeling of her legs straining and moving in steady unison with the sound of her breathing. God this always felt so good.

Her euphoric mind crashed back to reality in an instant. Her unencumbered right ear clocked the sound of twigs snapping, and she could swear she also heard an oddly familiar sound that was absolutely out of place in this serene corner of nature. Zoey pulled back on her pace coming to a stop, one of her least favorite things to do when in the zone. Her heart raced faster though as she stood still for a moment listening again. There it was again, she thought to herself. A noise truly alien to the occasional bird chirping or squirrel scurrying in the underbrush. It had come from somewhere off to the right of the trail, past a particularly thick wall of plant growth.

Zoey knew better than to investigate strange noises by herself in the forest, but knowing and doing sometimes are two very different things. The runner couldn’t help but feel the compulsion to drift toward the occasional faintly familiar noises emanating from beyond the underbrush. It was a siren’s call that Zoey told herself to ignore. But her mind and curiosity to confirm her suspicion, were having none of it. What if she actually was hearing what she thought she was? Honestly, if she was right, this probably was still a bad idea. Nonetheless she cautiously pushed through the thicket of leaves and bushes, errant thorns adding a few scrapes and scratches to her arms. She emerged on the other side in a small clearing. She surveyed the space quickly, confirming she had indeed heard the very noise she thought she had, and the surreal implication became reality.

Zoey pulled her cap away and ran her hand through her dark, sweat slicked hair, her mouth agape in stunned silence. Before her was a bound woman under a singular tree in the clearing, a chain running from the pinned arms at her back to a tree branch above, putting her into a fairly significant strappado. As Zoey silently observed, she watched the woman writhe and squirm in her bonds unaware of her new audience thanks to a black leather blindfold ringing her head. The woman was maybe in her late-twenties. She was an average build, perhaps a pound or two overweight, but all that did was enhance her curves in Zoey’s mind.

The woman’s ankles were bound with leather ankle cuffs, a short chain running between them. Her heels were slightly off the ground and her torso bent forward at the hips to accommodate the strappado tie. Zoey knew from personal experience this position was certainly straining the woman’s shoulders. The beauty in the clearing was nude except for her restraints and a pair of red latex panties. Nipple clamps with small metal weights dangling from them, swung painfully from her ample chest as she kept moving. It dawned on Zoey this woman seemed to be quite distressed. She was shifting from one foot to another, likely an attempt to relieve calves burning from supporting the severe position of the rest of her for too long. The familiar siren sound that had drawn the awestruck Zoey here, a mix of frustrated whining mixed with the heady low moan of pleasure trailed out from the woman’s ball gagged mouth.

The moan, the quivering thighs, and ever faint buzzing sound told Zoey that this woman was being stimulated by nonhuman forces. The runner would have gladly, if jealously, left the restrained woman to her own fun, but there was something else more subtle at play here that Zoey picked up on from her own experiences. The whining frustrated mewling trying to fight to the surface over the blissful moaning. The small sharp jerks down on the chain that held her arms pulled up towards the tree branch above. Something in this set up was worrying the woman and the signs told Zoey she wanted out.

Zoey was frozen in the moment. The arousing sight of a woman about her own age struggling in predicament bondage, transfixing her. She at once wanted to walk away, to give her privacy in this intimate moment, but the odd distress emanating from the woman also made her want to rush in, to the rescue. Zoey began studying the situation more intently. What was out of place here? The strappado was well set up, no sign of over extension. The restraints looked firm, but none looked to be cutting circulation. The ball gag wasn’t too big or cutting her air flow, if anything it could have been a size larger Zoey thought. Then there it was, the pointless tugs on her leather wrist cuffs and the chain that held her, was punctuated by the woman’s hands wildly flailing in the air in a singular direction. That’s how Zoey noticed the thin cord dangling from the same tree branch as the woman’s securing chain. A small glint at the end of the cord indicating a key, likely necessary for escape.

The woman’s hands were frantically trying to find the key, but they were doomed. Zoey could see that not only was the woman reaching in the wrong direction actually, but it was clear even from here that the cord that held the key was at least three inches too high for the woman to reach in her current restraints. How had this lady messed that up so badly Zoey thought. “Amateur,” escaped Zoey’s lips in a derisive tone before she could stop herself.

The restrained woman’s body instantly froze and tensed. Damn, Zoey thought to herself, that was just as careless and now I’ll have to get involved, but how to engage the situation in a way that wouldn’t absolutely terrify the already distraught woman? Something cool, but collected with a bit of sultry purr she told herself, but what came out was something altogether not what she had planned, “‘Sup, cutie? Get yourself in over your head?”

Zoey’s cringed at her pathetic attempt to sound nonchalant. *‘Sup? ‘Sup? Really, Zoey?!* Her mind screamed at her, as ever, un-smooth game. Her mind surged back to the reality in front of her as the gagged woman was now shrieking past her ball gag. Fuck, Zoey thought, sure this trail was rarely used, but it was still a public trail. Her screaming could draw someone, and she could only imagine any investigator would read this situation the wrong way.

“Woah, woah,” Zoey shifted the cadence and tone of her voice to a softer, more reassuring one closer to her natural pattern. “I was just kidding around.” She paused to let the woman’s next scream begin to fade, her arms bouncing wildly in their tight strappado with fingers flexing in a desperate attempt to find the missing means of release. Zoey continued, “I came because I heard something and was worried. Then, I, uh, saw you and was going to leave, but uh you seem to be in distress.” Zoey gave her words a moment, somehow it was working. The restrained woman began to relax, well at least as best as she could, in her bonds. “So, um are you in distress?” the runner asked as she drew closer to the mysterious woodland bondage nymph, passing a duffel bag that looked to contain the nude woman’s clothes and a few extra bondage items.

With a frantic nod and muffled scream, the woman confirmed her current predicament had gotten out of hand. “Ok, ok! I get it, one second,” Zoey inspected the ball gag and blindfold, they were part of the same head harness set up. It was a bit different from the one sitting at the bottom of the closet back at her house, but it was easy enough for the runner to figure out. With practiced ease she unbuckled them and pulled them away. A massive sigh escaped the woman’s mouth as the ball gag came out. Zoey stepped back to give the woman a moment to compose herself, and honestly to take in the gorgeous sight for what would likely be the last few moments before she disentangled the pretty creature from a web of her own making.

The restrained woman moved her aching jaw about to loosen it a bit, she flicked her head up a bit to toss her ponytail of honey blonde hair up and out of her face. Two hazel eyes met Zoey’s dark ones, “Uh, hi I guess? I’m Tara.” The woman paused a moment before belatedly adding a strained, “Thank you for your help.”

Zoey, trying to play it cool despite her heart beating faster than it had at any moment of her run, responded, “You new to this? Because you made an amateur mistake. You know that right?”

A flicker of defiance flashed across the woman’s features, “Yeah, I know, I seemed to have screwed up the cord holding my key. It’s the first time ever though. I feel so dumb.” A wince of discomfort mixed with arousal at play in the woman’s words.

Zoey’s attempt at a cool tough girl response melted as she realized just how upset Tara was. “Hey, look no worries. We all make mistakes from time to time with our self-bondage, right?” her voice understanding and as soothing as she could make it.

Tara remained silent for a long pause, the realization striking her like lightning as she pieced together the implication. The bound woman appeared to relax as much as was possible given the situation. “Well at least a pretty fellow enthusiast found me, instead of a park ranger or some serial killer….mmmmpphh….” The woman’s words were cut short by a low grunt of pleasure.

Zoey blushed a bit thanks to the flattery and not the impending orgasm the woman was trying to fight off. Well, at least it was mostly the compliment. “Hey, you want me to turn that down?” the runner’s eyes darting the red latex at the woman’s sex that clearly was holding something fun inside.

The bound woman let out another moan holding up one finger from her upstretched arms to hold Zoey at bay for just a moment longer. Zoey watched, horny as hell, as Tara’s body shuddered and tensed a small guttural groan escaping from the woman’s clenched teeth. Then the restrained woman’s body went slack. Zoey could feel how damp she was down below from the display, and it was not sweat from the run that was for sure. A part of her wanted to switch places with the woman, especially after how good that orgasm looked.

With some of her senses returning, Tara opened her eyes and abashedly looked up to her rescuer a look of shame contorting her face as she said, “Yeah, it would probably be a good idea to shut it off.” A huff and pant coming as the device kept up its relentless march.

Zoey stepped up and as gingerly as she could pulled back the latex underwear. She reached in and found a way to shut off the little vibrator. Neither woman looked at each other through the process. Tara’s eyes focused on a far-off point in the woods, while Zoey’s stayed focused on the task, but quickly looked up and away as soon as she had sorted out how to turn off the device. The awkward tension of the moment reminded Zoey of being back in college and holding some poor girl’s hair in a grimy public restroom while they vomited a night of bad decisions into an unclean toilet, it was intimate sure, but all together not sexy. The buzzing having gone silent seemed to help Tara focus, “So, yeah, could you perhaps get the keys?”

“Sure, sure,” Zoey answered, taking a couple awkward steps over towards the cord, untangling the key from the poorly placed release. As she stepped back around to get face-to-face with Tara, she noticed a pensive look on the other woman’s face like she was deep in thought. Zoey paused briefly to consider the expression, before continuing, “So, you want me to help release your wrists, or do you just want me to place the keys in your hands?”

Instead of picking one of the two options offered, Tara surprised Zoey telling her, “Hold on a second.” The pensive look returning, her cute well-manicured brows furrowing. “You’ve done this before right?”

Zoey, perplexed by the question, decided to make a joke of it, “You mean rescuing beautiful damsels in distress or tying myself up in the woods?” She took a small inhale, “Well no, I can’t say I have. This is certainly a first for me. I’d never risk getting caught out here.” She was a bit blunter at the end there then she had meant to be.

Tara took the answer with a sigh and an eye roll, “You know what I mean, self-bondage generally not necessarily this,” she said, giving a small tug on the strappado-inducing chain reaching up from her wrists.

Zoey caved again, answering the woman sincerely, “Yep, quite a bit actually.” The furrowed brow on Tara somehow got even more furrowed. The bound woman provided no clarification, instead launching immediately into another question, “And, uh, how much longer do you have on your jog?”

The runner winced a bit at the implication that her running was the same as a light hearted jog. Confused a bit by the random question Zoey answered, “Um, well, I’m about half way, so thirty minutes maybe?” Tara nodded, not in agreement with Zoey, but as if confirming something and reassuring herself of something else. Tara took a deep breath before speaking, “What would you say to keeping that key safe on you until the end of your run?” The bound woman’s words were said as matter of fact, but shaded with a faint whiff of arousal.

Staring at the key in her hands, Zoey considered the proposition. This woman was willing or perhaps the better word was wanting, to stay bound until she finished and returned with the key to release her in thirty minutes. Reflecting on her own fantasies, Zoey admitted to herself that in Tara’s shoes it would be a tempting proposition, if a bit terrifying putting one’s fate in the hands of some stranger. That said, being the one holding the key and not painfully trussed up, Zoey had no objection. The idea of her finishing a run while a pretty woman waited in suffering for her return was insanely arousing. “That’s a fantastic idea, if you are serious and think you can handle this for that long?”

Tara simply said she was with a solemn and determined nod. With the confirmation of Tara’s consent, Zoey quickly fashioned a length of the chord into a loop lacing the key on the impromptu necklace. She tucked the key in her bra between her breasts, for “safe keeping.” She patted the key’s new home with a flair making sure Tara saw it. The small sigh that came from the blonde-haired damsel appeared to confirm her approval of the location.

Turning to the situation at hand Zoey asked, “Need anything adjusted before I go to finish my run?” Tara nodded a bit of color coming to the woman’s cheeks, “Yeah, could you perhaps turn my little friend back on to maybe five, instead of the eight it was on?” A smirk lit up on Zoey’s face before she completed the task. Tara’s thighs clenched almost immediately at the return of the vibrations. A breath caught in her throat.

“Want the gag and blindfold back as well?” Zoey teased. A nod greeting her in response. Lifting the all-in-one gag and blindfold head harness with one hand, she turned it over inspecting it. A thought crossed her mind. A naughty thought. She casually started talking, “You know you might want to go up a half inch in ball gag size next time.” Tara looked up a blend of confusion at Zoey’s words mixed with the growing urges coming from her nether region. Zoey continued, “I only found you because this one is too small and isn’t muffling you properly.” As she began arranging the various straps to the harness on Tara’s golden hair, she mused, “You know I was also, thinking. I’ve got something so important to you,” Zoey tapped her chest again, “I think it would only be fair if perhaps you had something of mine as a guarantee I’ll return.”

Tara, not yet gagged, asked, “Well, what are you proposing exactly?”

“Why don’t we kill two birds with one stone,” Zoey said as seductively as possible as she pulled down her running shorts and kicked them aside. Tara’s eyes widened as she watched Zoey repeat the process with her cotton underwear, but instead of kicking them aside she balled them up in one hand. The dark material made all the darker by the sweat, and honestly arousal, of Zoey. “What do you think?” she said, holding the drenched underwear up towards Tara’s face.

Without a word Tara opened her mouth wide, her tongue sticking out in clear anticipation of its new intruder. Zoey couldn’t believe that had actually worked, and without a second thought she shoved the panties into Tara’s mouth and quickly finished securing the head harness in place. The panties now trapped behind the harness’s ball gag must have tasted awful Zoey imagined and that seemed to be confirmed by the scrunched facial expression being made by Tara. Moans began again emanating from the bound woman, her dance of distress returning as Zoey pulled her running shorts back on and began to head towards the trail, her heart rate still elevated from the chance encounter.

Zoey looked back at the woman; Tara was already worked into a frenzy and edging closer to an orgasm. Another terribly mischievous thought crossed her mind. “Hey, Tara it was fun, but I’m not sure if it was fun enough for me to come back once I’m done with the run,” she said with a mirthful tone and grin. A squeal followed by a long mournful whine escaped Tara’s gag, before quickly turning into a guttural moan of pleasure as her body tensed and shook with an orgasm. “If I decide to not come back, you’re welcome to keep the panties,” Zoey smiled, the little joke had clearly gotten the intended reaction, and she had to admit her underwear had muffled the sounds a bit.

Proud of her faux parting twist, Zoey trotted up to the trail before picking up her pace. She flicked through a couple songs on her playlist, before arriving at a particularly fast paced power metal ballad from an Italian band she enjoyed. She could feel the key in her bra. With the extra motivation of something, well someone, to return to, Zoey knew she would be setting a PR on this second half of the run. Today was turning out to be a great day.
