---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'She Lost the Bet 7: Budapest'
authors:
- Jon Deets
tags:
- M+/ff
- club
- dance
- bond
- rope
- x-cross
- stocks
- voy
- collar
- sex
- oral
- group
- hum
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

(story continues from [**She Lost the Bet 6: Vegas!**](shelostthebet6.html))

A Sequel to "[Part 6](shelostthebet6.html)"

**Part 7: Budapest**

BudaPest! Just the name seemed exotic.

We flew in so that I could do some business there and we quickly made our way to the BudaPest Hilton in the old part of the city up on the hill. After just a few days we felt right at home. Happy Hour in the executive lounge of the hotel built on an old castle. A cruise on the Danube. Good cheap meals. What was not to like?

We were sitting in the executive lounge chatting up a beautiful white lady from Zimbabwe named Jyl who had recently lost her farm there and had immigrated to America. Fascinating woman, and she mentioned some really fun "sexy" clubs in the rougher part of the city.

"We aren't going there" I said. "I've heard its pretty dangerous".

"You pussy" my wife replied, "live a little!"

"Your bluffing, as usual" I said. "If you will play the betting game with me, I will take you down there".

"What is the betting game?" the woman from Zimbabwe inquired.

"Well, its kind of a sexual thing" I replied, "the loser of the bet has to be a slave for an evening".

Without batting an eye , the lady from Africa said, "Can I play too?"

"OK", I said, "I will bet you can't answer a question about Hungary, and you can consult each other."

"It's a bet"! they both replied.

I stated "Hungary has been in about 20 wars, so what is the claim to fame of this country concerning wars?"

They both stammered and whispered a while, and finally said, "They were part of the Turkish empire?"

"Nope" I replied, "the claim to fame is they have picked the losing side every single war! You two are going to be lovely slaves tonight."

We went to our respective rooms and got ready, and I directed them both to not wear any panties or bras, to wear short skirts and tight blouses, and to be ready to drink and dance. We met in the lobby, grabbed a taxi, and told him the address of the first club we wanted to go to... Although the cab driver could barely tear his eyes off of the girls' tits, he did manage to mumble, "are you sure you want to there?"

"Absolutely" the girls pronounced.

We arrived at a run-down place in a pretty dreary neighborhood of government looking apartment buildings and graffiti covered walls. We entered the club and it was fairly dead except for a couple of tired-looking hookers and a Russian bartender. We had a couple of drinks and were about to blow when a fairly cute Hungarian chick said, "You know the action is on the next block over".

"Really", I said, "let's go".

She took us about a block and a half away and walked down some stairs leading to a basement door. "In here" she said as we followed her into a nice-looking bar.

We grabbed a cocktail at the and I saw our Hungarian escort leave as the doorman gave her some money. It was then that I noticed three gigantic guys in black leather trench coats standing behind us. "Come on" one of them said in a heavy Eastern European accent, "let's go into the private room next door".

"That's okay" I replied, "we are doing fine".

The three guys acted like they didn't even hear me as they took us all by the arms and walked us through a recessed door into another room. This room was less well lit, a bit smoky, and had about 8 guys and 3 or 4 girls in it.

"What's the deal" I asked?

"Relax" one of the big guys said, "and enjoy".

He put one arm around my wife and the other around my friend from Zimbabwe and immediately had them take a shot of Polish vodka. A very Goth-looking woman with barely any clothes on began chatting me up, and I admittedly was staring at her assets instead of looking out for my companions. It was about then I head my wife say my name urgently and loudly, so I broke away form the Goth-woman and said "what is it?" to my wife.

She said, "they want us to dance up on the bar."

I leaned between my wife and Jyl and said, "I told you to be ready to drink and dance... hop up there!"

"But, but, but" both of the women said in unison and I just nodded to a couple of the large men and they lifted the women effortlessly up onto the bar.

It was then that I understood there hesitancy, because up on the bar the angle of view was such that the fact that they were not wearing panties became very apparent. My wife's pussy was neatly shaved and Jyl also had a nice trim twat. They pirouetted up on the bar for about two songs while I found the Goth woman to chat up. I felt, rather than heard, a sort of hush and hunger fall over the bar, and heard a muffled gasp. When I looked around both Jyl and my wife had been lifted onto St. Andrew's crosses and were being bound up at the wrists and ankles. I immediately tried to intervene but all three huge guys grabbed my arms, handcuffed me with my arms behind my back and onto a steel ring that was built into the wall. All I could do was squirm, and watch.

At exactly that moment the door from the bar next door opened and two armed men came in and looked around, and motioned to a man behind them that it was all clear. He walked into the room like he owned the world, and looked around and greeted everyone. It was very apparent that this guy was "el Jefe", the boss, the king. One of the three large goons said "tonight we got you two to choose from boss."

The boss walked over to the two women hanging on the crossed and simply reached up to each of their bloused in turn and ripped them open. He felt my wife's tits first, which are medium-sized and firm, and then moved over and felt Jyl's tits, which were large and firm. "Hmm, he said, "put this one into the stocks" as he pointed at Jyl.

They immediately ripped the rest of her blouse off and moved Jyl into an old-fashioned Puritan stocks where her head and arms were pinned and her lovely ass was pointed to the crowd. With one mighty yank the boss pulled her skirt down and off and Jyl was naked to the world. The boss pulled out his very impressive cock, spit on his hand and lubricated himself, and then inserted his member into Jyl and began pounding away as the crowd cheered. It was a damn impressive performance and all I could think was "gosh, I am glad that's not my wife."

As he finished up, he turned and said, "get me a drink, and she is fair game guys."

As he walked over to the bar, several of the men in the room lined up to take their turn with Jyl. I made eye contact across the room with my wife and, though she was pale, I could tell she was glad that Jyl's tits were bigger than hers and thus Jyl was getting the treatment rather than her. After about 30 minutes, 4 more guys had had their way with Jyl and the boss had knocked back several drinks. Although a few of the guys, and the women, had copped a feel or two of my wife's breasts, they had mostly left her alone.

Suddenly the boss stood up and said, "Ok, Round 2, now for the pretty lady. Guys, put her right over there in front of her friend."

With that , two of the big guys untied my wife from the cross and brought her kicking and squirming to a spot right in front of me. The threw a blanket down, stripped off her skirt, and tied her left wrist to her left ankle, right wrist to right ankle, and then spread her legs wide-open and tied each ankle down- one to the bar and the other wrapped around my legs several times. They then slipped a pillow under her ass which raised her pubic area up about 10 inches.

There was my wife, stark naked, with legs bound wide open, right in front of me. The boss walked over, pulled down his pants, whipped out his dick, and leaned over and kissed both of my cheeks mafia-style. He then jumped on my wife like a crocodile hits a swimming baby antelope, and commenced to fucking the daylights out of her. The ingenious way they had tied one of her legs to me meant that with every single thrust of the boss, my legs also got pulled and I couldn't help it- it made me hard. After about 20 minutes he came and again said "Ok, guys, have at it!"

This time only 3 guys lined up and they each took turns screwing my wife. Meantime, to make it up to me I suppose, the boss whispered in the Goth-woman's ear and she came over to me, got on her knees, yanked my pants down, and gave me a tremendous deep-throat blow job.

When the last guy was done pounding my wife, the big guys came and got both Jyl and my wife and said "dance on the bar again, ladies."

The two nude women climbed up on the bar and swayed uncertainly as cum dripped out of their pussies. After a couple of songs, the big guys got them down from the bar and let them put their skirts back on. They then put collars on them both and locked them tight, and I noticed they had words in Hungarian and English that said "Used by the Boss".

The boss came over and looked at all 3 of us and said, "take them back to the hotel, and if they don't go their rooms looking exactly like this, my men are going to bring them back for a full week of fun. And leave the collars on until you leave my city."

I realized that he had spies; otherwise how would he know what hotel we were staying in?

Two of the big guys then said, "come with me" and we walked to a large limo with a sunroof and got in. They made the girls stand upright through the sunroof which exposed their tits to everyone as we drove around the city.

They drove us back to the Hilton and dropped us off out front, and one of the guys said in that Eastern European accent, "all the way to the room just like that, or a week in hell like the boss said."

The girls got out of the car with their collars on, their breasts exposed to all of the hotel guests, and we all marched through the lobby to my room which was a long way from the front and allowed many people to view their assets. It took a special locksmith a long time the to get the collars off the day we left BudaPest.

11.06.12

story continues in [**She Lost the Bet 8: Caribbean Good Times**](shelostthebet8.html)

o0o
