---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiessz/tight_fashions2.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Tight Fashions 2
authors:
- The Latex Girl
tags:
- FF/m
- latex
- fem
- catsuit
- hobble
- bond
- display
- reluct
- X
date: 2004-03-10 00:00:00
---

**Part Two - Byron**

Anne turned to Laura and let out a sigh. It had only been a couple
of weeks since Anne had sub-let some of her shop space to Byron and already
she was beginning to regret it a lot. Sure, Byron's ground rent and the
extra custom were great, it was just that he was so annoying.

He had this real thing about going on about how women were wasting their
role in the S&M scene. He reckoned there should be a lot more of them
enjoying it, it gave women a real chance to be superior in their life styles
and so on. Anne and Laura had discussed this with Byron and with each other,
on their own, Anne and Laura were both convinced that it was because Byron
was frustrated about not being able to find a girl who shared his interests.
Not particularly unusual, but it happens.

Then one slow Monday morning they decided that they should shut Byron
up for good. Laura suggested to Byron that if he thought that women had
such a good deal out of S&M maybe they should all switch roles and
see how they got on. Byron looked very puzzled by this, but after a little
cajoling he seemed to start getting more enthusiastic.

First, Byron pulled out suitable uniforms for Anne and Laura. He selected
big, clompy combat boots, PVC combat trousers and tight satin black vests
for them. Both girls went into the changing rooms and came out a short
while later not looking a great deal less feminine than when they entered.

Now it was Byron's turn. Laura went over to the front door of the shop
and put up the 'out for lunch' sign and looked the door.

Anne asked Byron to undress, which Byron duly started to do. Laura picked
up a large black corset and offered it up to Byron's chest. Both girls
nodded to each other and started to lace Byron into it. Anne picked up
a pair of silicon breasts and put them into the cups in the corset while
Laura slowly tightened up the corset. After a while Laura finished up the
laces and measured Byron's now hourglass waist.

"Byron what size waist do you normally have?", inquired Laura.

Byron
replied saying that it was normally about 30 inches.

"Good", replied Laura,
"it's now 21".

Anne then invited Byron to bend over, but the restrictiveness
of the corset stopped him in his tracks. Laura beckoned Byron down onto
a chair, which he could just about get to unaided.

Laura then gestured to his feet and started to put a latex stocking
onto his foot. Anne picked up the other stocking and work that onto his
other foot and then up his leg. Once the two girls were finished, they
pulled him back up to a standing position and fixed the stockings up to
the suspenders on the corset.

All three of them were then drawn to Byron's erect penis.

"Oh dear,
Byron", Anne commented rather apologetically, " Us girls don't have these,
we'll have to do something"

Laura produced a pair of latex pants and Byron stepped into them. The
pants had a very thick front. Once they came up over Byron's groin, the
thick latex forced Byron's hard on to be considerably less noticeable.
Byron nodded with approval.

Next the girls worked a long pair of latex gloves over Byron's hand
and up his arms. When this was done, Laura started to fix a posture collar
to Byron's neck, ensuring that his neck would remain upright and forward
looking. The neck corset had suspenders for the gloves that Byron was wearing.
Duly, these were attached to the gloves to stop them slipping off.

The girls stopped to admire their handiwork. Byron started to caress
his latex covered chest with his latex covered hand. Before had hand too
long to get used to his new rubber clothing, Anne gestured him back to
the chair. Byron sat down and Laura started to work some more rubber over
his legs. As Laura worked up his body, Byron realised that he was now being
dressed in a full catsuit. Once Laura was over his knees, Byron was pulled
up again so the girls could finish dressing him. The catsuit covered everything
and even had an open face mask.

With all of this on, Laura picked out the biggest pair of ballet heeled
boots and started to work Byron's foot into one of them. Byron could feel
his leg slowly becoming encased in the shiny patent material of the boot.
He could feel it all the way up to his knee. As soon as Laura put the other
one on him, he could feel himself being a good deal taller and a great
deal less stable on his feet.

Next, the girls pulled out a long mistress dress and zipped the rubber
clad Byron into it. Byron could feel the tightness of the dress all the
way from his neck down to his ankles, hobble wasn't the word for it.

Byron's
head was then forced into a female face mask and a long black wig was placed
onto it.

The girls then led the teetering Byron towards the display window of
the shop. Byron started to protest, but a swiftly applied ball gag soon
shut him up. He was hobbled into place in the shop window and then had
his legs cuffed together around an upright post. Finally, his hands were
pulled behind the post to show off the most of his new figure. His hands
were cuffed together and he was then left to his own devices.

Back in the shop, the girls opened up the shop again and went outside
to look at their new dummy.
