---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Anita
authors:
- Orion1701
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- harness
- chast
- gag
- bfold
- nipple
- climax
- outdoors
- caught
- F/f
- bond
- stuck
- cons
- X
---

This is a work of fiction. The people, e-mail, and news group do not exist to the best of my knowledge.

Post to: alt.discuss.selftie.selfpunishment.  Anita\_bound@something.com 
subject: first session

Thanks everyone for all the help and advise. I have everything we talked about and my back-ups are in place. 
I'll let you know how things go. 
Anita

With that the twenty two year old red head shut
down her computer. Everything was ready, and in place just like she had
said. But while Megan from the news group suggested caution the first
time Anita wanted it all. All or nothing! She wanted tight, strict, and
escape proof. She wanted some pain and discomfort. Like a true brat Anita
wanted it all right now! And no matter what anyone said, she was going
to get it. Owen's final quote still echoed in her mind, 'Be careful what
you wish for, you just may get it'.

First came the leather belt assembly that she
had constructed. She was already nude, having stripped before using the
computer. Welcome to the internet, the ultimate come as you are party.
The wide leather belt was actually two belts joined together. One buckled
tight around her waist, while the other passed between her legs and buckled
in front. This is Anita's version of a chastity belt. Both belts were two
inches wide and the crotch belt had a small ball attached, just for fun.

Using soft cotton rope she lashed her ankles together
and cinched them securely. Then using a thinner cord Anita wrapped and
cinched her big toes, tying them as well. 'Perfect'; she thought as she examined
her red nail polish above the wrapped cords. More rope was used above and
below her knees the same way as her ankles, binding them securely. The
gag came next. It was a plastic golf ball with the holes in it. It was
rolled up in a bandana and fitted snugly into her mouth. This effectively
muffled any sounds she may make. A soft Muuumph..... was all she could
manage when she tried to speak.

The blindfold and handcuffs lay near by. She wasn't
ready for them, yet. Instead she picked up two clothes pins and placed
one on each excited nipple. "Mouugh"; she moaned as they went on, the wooden
jaws taking hold. It wasn't the first time for either the gag or the clothes
pins. Anita had worn both while she was on the computer several times. The
internet is the greatest come as you are party around. But today was different.
Today she was using the items in a bondage situation for the first time.

OOPS! almost forgot the tether. Near-by a five
foot length of chain was padlocked to a ring in the wall. Anita looped
the loose end around the cinch rope on her ankles and locked it into place.
Without the keys that were out of reach right now she would have to untie
her ankles to get loose. Only she wasn't ready for that.

Another belt assembly lay near-by. This one wrapped
around her torso and buckled in front between her breasts. It has two loops
about eight inches apart that are large enough for Anita to slip her arms
through. Then with the loops just above her elbows Anita buckles it in
front. A folded piece of cloth served to cover her eyes. Then she blindly
slipped her arms into the torso loops and buckled the belt snugly in front.
Only one more thing to do, the hand cuffs. The open ring of the cuff slipped
through a steel ring at the back of the chastity belt assembly. Before
she could think about what she was doing the cuffs had ratcheted closed
on her wrists. Finally, after weeks of preparation she had done it. Anita
was kneeling, naked and helplessly bound in her own bedroom. And she had
done it to herself.

The red head knelt in her bondage for some time
getting the "feel" of it. The total helplessness of her situation frightened
her a little. Her small hands twisted in the cuffs as she tried to slip
a hand free. She shrugged her shoulders trying to slip the elbow loops,
still secure in the belief that the others were wrong. Anita did not believe
the she could not escape her bondage. After all she was a big girl, not
a child. Anita wiggled her hips and her entire torso twisted making her
boobs jiggle. The pinching fire on her nipples seemed to amplify the effect
of her crotch strap. Silently she swayed side to side in a desperate attempt
to find her way to freedom. Rocking on her knees and biting down on her
gag Anita imagined someone teasing her. Toying with her bound nakedness.
A fantasy made easier by the blind fold.

The fantasy pushed her on as she rocked harder
on her knees. The frustration of the bondage, biting clips on her breasts,
and the crotch strap finally reached it's peak. Suddenly every muscle in
her body went ridged as she strained for all she was worth. Her leather
bound hips thrusting back and forth as hundreds of sparks flashed before
her eyes. Finally sagging from exhaustion Anita toppled from her knees
to land on her left shoulder. Her reactions frightened her, and the power
of her first self bondage orgasm was a real surprise. Anita felt all warm
in the after glow as she lay there slowly trying to get her ragged breathing
back under control.

After an eternity of minutes Anita began to feel
herself again. She was laying on her side with her legs stretched out.
Slowly she shifted one body part that another, taking stock of her helplessness.
The red head pulled at her restraints. This had been fun but she wanted
out now. Her struggles became more desperate as she started to realize
that the others were right. Once tied up she was not getting out without
the keys. I mean you would think a grown adult could untie their self.
The key to the tether holding her near the wall lay along the base board
and was easy to reach. The lock was another matter. It took several minutes
of twisting before the key slipped into the opening.

That didn't mean she was free. Only free from
the wall. The handcuff keys were outside on the deck table. 'At least it's
warm out tonight'; she thought. Creeping over to the bed Anita used it to
stand up. She took three big hops and stopped. Each hop made her breasts
bounce, and each bounce pulled at her nipple clips. 'Now what?' she thought,
'I can't stand here'. After several small but no less painful hops she bumped
into her dresser. Damn, I missed the door. Six more hops to the right put
her in front of the closed bedroom door. Getting the door open was easy
but she knew that trying to navigate through the apartment blind and bound
just wouldn't work.

After several minutes of rubbing her blind fold
on the door frame it lifted to her forehead. That's better; she thought.
But the trip through the apartment was slow and agonizing. Each hop brought
her closer to freedom, yet tortured her poor nipples. Hop, bounce, ouch,
was the rhythm she had developed. At the kitchen door Anita stopped to
catch her breath. Only a small light over the sink was lit. The clock on
the stove said a little after three in the afternoon. She tried again to
wiggle out of her self induced captivity, but still nothing came loose.
But she did notice a warmth spreading through her again from the
crotch strap rubbing just the right way. Maybe it was the bondage as well,
but one thing was certain. She was going to explode again and soon.

She peered out through the window at the keys
on the low table. The deck it's self was a six by eight foot rectangle.
The railing around the deck was one by one slats with a one inch space
between. This would provide little protection from being seen, but she
was on the second floor and the deck was in shadow. All she needed to do
was to stay low. Opening the door was simple and she turned to exit. No
one was in sight so Anita dropped to her knees on the planking. As her
knees hit the wood the blindfold was jared loose and dropped back into
place. The bound girl tried unsuccessfully to rub it off again. 'Shit'; she
thought, 'it won't move'. Giving up on the blind fold Anita set out
for the table and the keys. With each twist and push the heat doubled and
she felt herself slipping further over the edge. The red head pulled her
knees into a foetal position and erupted into another mind blowing orgasm.

Voices woke her. They were right below her. It
was her neighbour and his wife. They had set up a small grill and were
preparing dinner. Wow, that smelled good!

Moving slowly to avoid any noise she tried to
retrieve the keys. Bound as she was Anita couldn't get to her knees
without attracting attention. So she reached up with her bound feet
trying to grab them with her toes. But with her big toes bound together
she couldn't get a good hold. The keys dropped to the deck with a clatter
that the bound girl was sure the whole neighbourhood heard. Nothing happened.
Maggie kept talking and Sam was fiddling with the grill. Anita let out
the breath she had been holding. She twisted about and began to feel for
the keys with her fingers. She brushed something small and it jingled softly.
She reached out again brushing the keys with her finger tips. Now she had
them. Anita moved again and reached out for the keys.

For just a second they were at her finger tips.
Then she felt them slip into a space between the decking. There came a
loud and very distinctive jingle as the keys landed on the deck below.
Maggie picked up the keys and glanced up. Through the gaps in the decking
she could just make out an out-line of someone laying on the deck above.
Sam was still in the garage and would be for some time. Taking the keys
she went to the spiral stairs that lead to the upper deck. Anita knew she
had been found out now. Nobody would miss the keys falling right on top
of them. She kept waiting to hear footsteps on the stairs. The blindfold
lifting off was a surprise. Anita had not heard Maggie climb the stairs
because she was barefoot, and alone.

Looking around Maggie made sure nobody was looking
and rolled Anita over opening the handcuffs. Anita sat still as Maggie
removed all of the restraining equipment. They scooped everything up and
went back into Anita's place.

Maggie said, "Why don't you shower and join us
for dinner? Sam is leaving right after and we can talk."

Anita couldn't help but to agree, after all Maggie
did know everything now and had kept it quiet. Maybe now she had someone
to at least talk to. Wearing a tank top and cut-offs Anita joined her friend.
Dinner was as good as it had smelled. While she was eating she couldn't
help notice that Maggie kept staring. Then she saw it, red rings around
her wrists, elbows, knees and ankles. She looked at Maggie in shock, but
Sam never seemed to notice. Maggie's husband soon left and the girls cleaned
up.

"Can you show me how you did that?" Maggie asked.

"I guess so, but you aren't going to tell anyone
will you?' Anita asked.

"No way! I'm just interested how someone can tie
them self up like that."

"It is easier than you may think." the red head
said, as she displayed her stuff.

Slowly she explained everything to her guest as
she recreated the original bondage, minus the nipple clips as she was just
too sore. After closing the hand cuffs Maggie helped with the gag and blind
fold.

"You really can't get loose?" Maggie asked.
Anita shook her head no. "Will you be okay like this for a while?" Anita
nodded.

"Good, when I come back you can tie me up,
but for now get comfortable. I have all of the keys and your not going
anywhere until I get back!"

What! Anita wondered?

She was naked, bound and helpless again. Chained
to the wall with no escape. And how long will Maggie be gone?

She didn't say. All she could do was lay there
and make the most of it. Which she did, The crotch strap was pulled tighter
this time. She was already starting to float on that river of excitement.
Who knows, maybe Maggie won't hurry back.

2001
