---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Drone House
authors:
- Lckdnrbbr
tags:
- Machine-f
- F-f
- latex
- drones
- objectify
- conditioning
- gag
- catsuit
- hood
- mask
- mast
- cons
- X
date: 2025-12-13 00:00:00
---

### Part 15 - "Finish the Job"

Alex stood quietly in the dark, humid air of the drone storage unit. She felt Sam's quiet breathing push into her back, and the constant press of the larger drone in front of her keeping her secured in place. The padded bars under her armpits gently held her while she drifted in and out of awareness, and she felt herself gently pressing and squirming onto the padded bar between her legs. What a day this had been. She pulled at the wrist cuffs and felt them stretch slightly and pull right back where they were fixed. She was totally trapped here.

Her mantra swam back into her mind.

*She was a rubber drone object* being used and seen and forced to do her job at the market, not as the human she used to be, but as a thing to serve others. She was being seen as a thing, an object to be used. *She existed for pleasure*

*Obedience was pleasure.* She loved making the AI happy, and she loved being forced into obedience. Obeying commands from people like Jess and Sam, even the dock worker brought her an incredible sense of pleasure and contentment. It thrilled her to serve them and to obey.

*Service was pleasure* in the most concrete way. Every act brought her a rush of joy and arousal. She wanted to find more and more ways to serve them.

And *she loved being stored away when not in use*, just a thing to be used and hidden out of sight. She felt a little shudder roll through her, and she quietly wished they would just leave them here for the rest of the shift. Her mind wandered, following the fantasy even further. What if they just forgot them entirely and left them there until morning. Her hips pressed into the drone in front of her. It reacted and pressed back gently.

Just then, after what must have been forty-five minutes of quiet reverie, standing pressed between the other drones on the bars of the storage rack, the door cracked open and light shone through.

A short human with a familiar, freckled face peered in quietly. Jess made her way into the closet, sliding sideways in the cramped space alongside the drones, hearing their breath, smelling the rubber and the sweat.

She surveyed them, moving quickly through the ones in the front until she reached Alex, and cocked her head once more.

"You know, I couldn't be sure at first. It was just that little kick with your leg, like you spent too long in dance class as a kid, and something about the way you moved just made me think of her."

Jess moved closer, her eyes searching the tinted visor.

"I don't know if you're really her in there, but Alex… if that's you, I have a lot of questions… and more than a few requests."

Alex's heart pounded so hard she was sure Jess could hear it.

"If you want to be a *really* good drone, find me in the break room after my shift. If it's really you, you'll come."

Jess stood on her tiptoes, ran her hand down the side of Alex's arm, and gently kissed her on the cheek of the visor.

Alex moaned, shuddering.

"I knew it," Jess said, smiling wickedly. "*Don't* disappoint me."

As Jess snuck back out of the drone storage area, Alex felt the deep shudder begin in her stomach and then rack through her, the wave of arousal and fear and excitement and deep carnal pleasure that wouldn't stop. Her body shook as her breath came in staccato waves.

Oh God. Just a thing to be used and ordered and controlled.

The pleasure just continued to course through her as Sam reacted and pressed forward against her. Even the drone in front of her seemed to press back in rhythm now.

She was so close and so horny, but she couldn't get there. She knew she shouldn't.

The wave subsided, and eventually she relaxed back into her proper place as a thing that was stored away and drifted back down, thinking her mantra:

*I'm a rubber drone object.*

Alex shuddered. She truly was now.

*I exist for pleasure.*

She felt pleasure wash through her, from the padded bar pressing up at her crotch, from the heat coming off Sam and the drone in front of her, from the caress of the suit on every inch of her skin. She existed for this pleasure and to give pleasure. Oh how she wanted to give pleasure right now.

*Obedience is pleasure.*

She felt the pull, the irresistible urge to obey. It would feel so good.

*Service is pleasure.*

And to serve… Yes. To find ways to be of use, to bring pleasure, to be helpful.

*I love being stored away when not in use.*

And here she was, fulfilling the last part of her mantra, serving only others and simply hung up like an object, hidden out of the way when not needed. It sent a deeply satisfying wave of arousal and contentment through her, and Alex drifted back down into her mind, calming and letting the mantra take her back into a state of dreamy semi-consciousness, until a tone sounded in her ear.

**"You've been called to your next task, my dear. You'll have to wait for the rest of the drones to extricate yourself from storage."**

Alex slowly returned to a wakeful state, straightening up and stretching as much as the bars and her locked wrists would allow.

The drones were released from the bar with a *click*, and one by one, they shuffled off until at last Alex and Sam could shuffle free. Their wrists were automatically unhooked from the tethers in their suit as they exited the storage rack.

They stretched and shook their limbs a bit, there had been something comfortable and comforting about being held that way, and Alex's body felt light as she returned to her tasks.

Listening to the commands of her AI, she felt time breeze by and wheeled a restocking cart out to an aisle, unloaded products and put them in their place. Feeling with each action a little wave of pleasure, a little spark of joy.

Customers passed by, never noticing, seeing or caring, treating Alex like just another drone, just another worker, just another thing to ignore.

Her thoughts returned to Jess, who hadn't just seen her, but had seen right through her, and each little wave of satisfaction and reward as she completed small tasks only grew her arousal and her desire to see her again.

Eventually the AI returned, speaking in its more seductive tone, no longer communicating the Market AI's commands.

**"Well done, my dear. There are no other current market-assigned tasks which need your attention, so you are presented with a choice,"** the AI said gently into her ear.

**"You have a pending request from an individual human, Jessica, whom I believe you know. It is entirely your decision what you would like to do at this juncture."**

Alex's breath quickened.

**"You may comply with the human's request and engage in ways that make you feel safe and comfortable. You may also choose to ignore this request if it does not fit with what makes you feel good and safe."**

**"If you trust this person and you want to be seen this way, you may proceed. Sam and I will be nearby and will intercede immediately if you give us any signal that we need to."**

**"As you are gagged, two taps on your right ear will suffice for me to immediately cease operations and have Sam fetch you."**

**"I'll leave it up to you, but I will remind you that all of the drones in the house feel the same pleasure that you do in serving humans. While you may feel kinship and closeness, the collective is about mutual joy, shared satisfaction."**

**"Serving and pleasuring other drones and humans is expected and celebrated. You will not hurt anyone's feelings if you choose to engage this way."**

The last of Alex's doubts left her mind. This was okay, encouraged, and part of her purpose as a drone. She truly was dedicated to giving pleasure and joy, and here she had a chance to do it for someone she'd cared about and had fun with in the past.

Alex felt a wave of pleasure with her first step, obeying Jess's command to meet her in the break room.

\*\*\*

Her timing was perfect, and as she arrived, Jess sat on one of the desks, alone in the space.

"I hoped you'd come," Jess said. "I have so many questions. So it is really you in there, Alex?"

Alex nodded.

"Can you speak?"

Alex shook her head.

"You already worked here, but you chose… to come back as a drone. You were here three days ago."

Jess's voice carried wonder and confusion.

"Can I touch you?" Jess said, approaching Alex.

Alex nodded, trying not to be too emphatic.

"So warm," Jess said, her hands exploring the rubber surface. "I don't… I don't know what I expected, but it's so soft. And it's you. I feel your body under there. Your hip bones…"

Jess's hands traced familiar curves through the suit.

"Mmm… I don't know what to do with this, seeing you like this. I'm thinking some things I don't know if I'm allowed to do, but I want to. Can… Can I ask you to do things?"

Alex felt the huge wave of arousal building. She couldn't help it. But as she nodded, she moaned again.

"Oh God, so you're turned on too? Being like this, being seen this way? Because I got to tell you that I want to do a lot of things to you right now."

Jess's breathing had quickened.

"Jesus, I've never known anyone who is part of the drone program."

She paused, then her voice took on a commanding tone.

"Okay, Drone. Kneel for me."

An electric shock of pure pleasure ran through Alex, and she lowered herself reverently to her knees, sitting back a bit on her feet. It felt natural to place her hands on the top of her thighs, feeling the warmth of her own strong legs through the rubber, looking up at Jess through her visor.

Jess's tongue danced across her canine. A wonderful and dangerous smile played across her face.

"To have you like this, under my command… I wish I'd known when we played. Things might have been very different. I didn't want to scare you. Oh, sweetie… I could have made you my pet."

She circled Alex slowly, predatorily.

"I would have. I thought you'd think I was weird, but look at you now."

Jess slowly walked around her, tracing her finger along her shoulders, her back, the back of her neck.

"Such a good drone. Already so obedient. You must have taken right to it, I think."

Alex shuddered and convulsed as the touch and her words sent another wave of pleasure through her, and she let her moan come freely.

"Now, that's right. I've read about it, you know. Rumors get around. Lost in pleasure, addicted to it, thrilling at a human's touch and commands."

"Stand, Drone."

Alex did what she was told, feeling another hot wave of pleasure course through her.

"Now, this is not the place and time to do everything I want to do to you, and to make you do everything I want you to do to me. But you want it, don't you?"

Alex nodded deeply.

"You want me to touch you, to feel you like this, to use you like my toy."

Alex nodded again.

Jess let her hand slide down Alex's tummy to her privates, and now all the feeling and waiting and fear and arousal connected. Alex stood there, feeling like crying with the weight of all the need inside her, the endless edging of the AI. She pressed into Jess's hand and whimpered.

"Oh, that's right. So desperate for my touch. So conditioned to need it."

Jess's voice dripped with dominant ease.

"Well, not today. No, that would be too easy."

She pulled her hand away, and Alex nearly sobbed.

"Today, I think you should play with me. Reach your hand down inside and give me pleasure, Drone. I know you know how. You were always so good with your hands."

Alex obeyed the command, standing alongside Jess and pressing her hips into her side, sneaking her own hand down Jess's shirt, past the waist of her trousers and down into her privates. Her gloved fingers slid in easily, Jess clearly already very ready and aroused.

"Fuck. That's right. Don't take your time, Drone. Break doesn't last very long."

Alex felt the pleasure as if it was her own, thrilling at bringing Jess pleasure and joy, thrilling at Jess's words and being seen this way.

"That's right, just my toy to command. Just a drone that I can make do whatever I want. I can have this whenever I want, right? All I have to do is tell you? How perfect. My own little puppet on a string."

Jess's breathing grew ragged.

"I think my job just got a lot more fun, don't you?" Jess said, tossing her head back and running a finger through her hair to get it off her sweat covered brow.

Alex whimpered.

"And maybe if you're a very good drone, your little hive will find a way to send you just to me so I can use you *all up* the way I really want. Is that what you want? For me to have total control of you, use you like a toy and then send you back?"

Jess's hips rocked against Alex's hand.

"Yeah, that's right. I see you now. I missed it before, but you won't slip by me twice. Yeah, fuck, yes! Oh!"

Jess cried out, muffling her own mouth, not wanting to alert others to what was going on in the quiet little break room in the sleepy market where drones worked alongside humans.

She shuddered against Alex's hand, then slowly composed herself.

"Just… Mmm, just fucking *perfect*. And look… right on time. Guess there's no time to take care of you, but… you're just a drone to use anyway."

She leaned in close.

"Good drone" Jess whispered seductively into Alex's ear, running her fingers down Alex's rubber covered shoulder. "See you back at work."

And Alex stood there, feeling another shudder run through her, dreamily lost in submissive, horny bliss, but still so needy and so wanting. Would no one finish the job?

Jess looked back at her, and her tongue played on her teeth once more as she buttoned her pants and tucked in her shirt and walked back onto the floor.

Alex stood alone in the break room, her body trembling with unresolved need, the taste of submission sweet on her tongue despite the gag, and the memory of Jess's pleasure singing through her gloved fingers.
