---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sleepsack Punishment
authors:
- Straptight
tags:
- M-m
- bagged
- mum
- leather
- cons
- X
date: 2006-09-25 00:00:00
---

This account is true. The names have been omitted to protect the guilty.
The night before, I had made fun of a television program he was watching. This
evening I was told I would be kept out of the way and punished by being laced up
in the leather sleepsack instead of watching television. If I couldn't say
something nice, I wouldn't get to watch TV at all! I was in the mood for a
couple of hours of heavy bondage, so I went along with it. Little did I know how
much the punishment would exceed the crime.
It was about 9:30 p.m. when we went down to the cell - a small storage room off
the furnace room in the cellar. I've installed cushioned flooring and extended
it partway up the concrete walls. The door is heavy wood planks, and there's
only one small window, up by the ceiling and glazed with frosted glass. I was
wearing only tight leather chaps and a leather cockring. I took the sleepsack
down from its hanger and laid it out on the floor. The sack is all leather, with
a leather lining and an attached hood. I was also to wear a second hood inside
the sleepsack's hood to reinforce the sense of confinement. I sat down in the
spread-out sleepsack and inserted my feet into the bottom of the bag.

First the leather hood with attached blindfold and gag was laced on. Then I
lay back and slid my arms into the sack's sleeves. The sack hood was pulled over
my head and the face cover snapped down. My face was now just blank leather with
only a couple of grommets for breathing. The sack collar was buckled snugly
around my neck. The sack was zipped up from my ankles to throat. Then he laced
it, cinching the cords as tight as they would go and tying them off at several
points up the front of the sack. As he laced it, he pulled on the cords hard
enough to lift me part way off the floor, using my weight to tighten the cords.

When he got to the section from my waist to my chin, he sort of bounced me
against the floor to knock the air out of me. With each thump on the floor I
gasped, and in the instant when my lungs were empty he'd tighten the laces down.
After several fierce yanks to make sure there was no more slack to pull out, he
tied off that section of cord. By the time he was done, I was a glossy black
leather mummy.
Double-hooded and blindfolded, I couldn't see when he turned off the light and I
could barely hear the door close. I was so turned on I knew I would cum if I
moved at all. I wanted the experience to last. I just lay there perfectly
motionless for a while until the orgasm urge subsided. The universe was nothing
but darkness and leather completely enclosing me. All my worries, thoughts,
stress and even my identity were let go. All that existed was the tight
encapsulating leather and the leather cock gag invading my mouth. Eventually I
squirmed a little to feel the tight leather rub against my naked skin. It felt
so good that I struggled for quite a while gasping and moaning around the gag.
The layers of leather creaked and sang together.

After a while I found myself lying still and resting. It took a while for me
to catch my breath as the sack was so tight I could not take a full, deep
breath. I had broken a light sweat, and the leather clung and sealed to my skin,
holding me even tighter and more immobile. There was a pressure point around my
head, and it was growing uncomfortable. I became frustrated and started really
struggling against the sack; rolling back and forth and writhing violently,
groaning and cursing around the black leather penis gag filling my mouth.
Finally I tired and just lay there. I noticed the discomfort was gone, the hood
must have shifted a little, but the damp leather was holding me tighter than
ever. I couldn't move my arms in the sleeves or even my fingers. That made me
hard again. I alternated between lying there resting and humping against the
smooth leather lining of the sack. The laces pulled the sack into folds over my
cock. By squirming and thrusting I could work my hard cock into one of the
folds. It was like being jacked off by a pair of soft leather gloves. I had to
keep stopping so I wouldn't cum. I wanted that sensation to last as long as
possible.
Sometimes I thought I could hear through the part-way open window a car passing
outside. I wondered how the people in the cars might react if they knew they
were within a few yards of someone helplessly encased and imprisoned in leather.
What if someone had heard my gagged groans and called the police to investigate?
Could one of the cars be a police cruiser coming to the house? I might soon be
discovered by a couple of cops in tall boots and leather jackets. Would they
insist on letting me out, or would they just laugh at me and leave me to stew in
the predicament I had gotten myself into? I moaned and writhed at the idea of
the humiliation.
If I lay still, I could faintly hear a clock striking far above me, like it was
in another world. I heard it strike once at one point. I had lost all track of
time, and didn't know if that was 12:30, 1:00 or 1:30. Finally I heard it strike
2:00 a.m. That started to freak me out. I wondered when I would be released, and
if he had fallen asleep in front of the television. That thought set off a kind
of fit of struggling in earnest. This was no longer a fantasy. I was tied up for
real, and I was trying to get loose for real. I squirmed and kicked, flopping
back and forth on the floor in fear and frustration, trying to fight my way out
of the skin-tight black leather bag. I grunted and cursed around the leather
cock that was jammed in my mouth like it was raping my face. I went crazy for a
while, jerking and twisting violently and uncontrollably. The sweat stinging my
eyes inside the hood brought me back to my senses. I knew escape was impossible.
I stopped bucking and lay there for a while, catching my breath and resting,
trying to calm down. I may have dozed a little, floating in the darkness of the
cell.
After a while I heard the clock strike 3:00. That told me I was truly fucked. He
had fallen asleep for sure. I had already been tightly tied up in the
escape-proof black leather sack for over five hours, and now there was no way of
telling when I would get out. All I could was wait until he woke up and
remembered where I was. I struggled more feebly on the padded floor, groaning
around the cock gag. I squirmed reflexively. It still felt good, but I was
beyond getting hard again. I lay back on the padded floor and tried to get as
comfortable as I could. The night might only be half over as far as I was
concerned. All I could do was wait and endure, encased and tightly laced up in
leather. I was looking forward to a very long night.
