---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'High School Haunted House: Twenty Years Later'
authors:
- Papa Palpatine
tags:
- M/f
- mum
- bond
- wrap
- saranwrap
- tape
- cons
- X
date: 2023-10-30 00:00:00
---

Mike and Ashley drove by their old high school. On the sign outside, it read, ANNUAL HAUNTED HOUSE FOR CHARITY, HALLOWEEN NIGHT.

"Ah, memories." Mike said with a smile.

"Yeah," Ashley replied "Hard to believe it was twenty years ago."

"I'm still amazed you got your friend Beth to take part in Marcus's haunted Egyptian tomb project back then. It turned out amazing, though. It really wowed everyone on Halloween Night."

"Well, like I told Beth, Marcus is quite the artist."

"Those two became an item in college, and even got married later. I heard Beth's helping out on the independent horror flick he's making, something like '*Mummy Concubines of the Ancient Pharaoh*?'"

Ashley smiled. "Yeah. Marcus's mummy tomb would've won the contest if it hadn't been overshadowed by the AV Club's giant spider cave that year."

"I remember that." Mike frowned. "It was hard to top that, especially since the club president brought in his rich genius cousin, William, to help them with the spider animatronic. Damn, that thing looked lifelike."

"William?" Ashley raised an eyebrow. "As in William Sterling?"

"The same."

"Didn't his company get caught up in that incident with the giant mechanical spiders last year?"

"Yup. The official story was that some rogue employee was behind it all, someone named 'Charlotte.'"

"Charlotte? How apropos…"

"That's the universe we live in, I guess." Mike shrugged. "Weirdly enough, your old gal pal Sylvia was among the women those robot spiders abducted. After she was rescued, Bob and Jake had to drive down to get her at that field hospital the Army set up in the old industrial district."

Ashley chortled. "Hardly the first time she got wrapped up in plastic. She almost pissed herself when the EMT scissors went missing for the second time that day. I swear she was addicted to Spite back then."

Mike snickered. "Yeah. Strange how they turned up under one of the gym mats. Marcus and the others were scratching their heads as to how that happened."

"I have my suspicions about that one." Ashley smiled. "Beth had a look on her face like the cat that ate the canary. I didn't say anything at the time since Sylvia deserved what she was getting."

"Well, Sylvia's certainly no stranger to embarrassing situations." Mike said. "I was talking to Jake a couple of months ago, seems she and Bob had to call him for help when one of their weekend play sessions went off the rails."

"You mean the chastity belt incident?"

Mike did a double take. "You heard about that too?"

Ashley chuckled. "Jake's girlfriend, Kristina, told me all about it at the salon a while back. You just can't keep stuff like that a secret in this town."

"Anyway, the keys to the chastity belt turned up two days later, after Jake had already cut the lock off. Bob hid them in the old coffee maker and forgot."

"Well bless his heart, Bob always was a bit of a doofus."

They both laughed as they drove on.

---

They drove home. Ashley went upstairs to the master bedroom and stripped down to her underwear. Mike came in shortly after, carrying two shopping bags from the car. From one of the bags, he got out several rolls of Saran Wrap.

"Ready for playtime, Sweetie?" Mike said with a grin.

Ashley nodded as she stood at the foot of the bed. She brought her feet together and crossed her arms over her chest. Mike took the first roll and started at her ankles. He wrapped up to her knees, then her waist, and finally her shoulders and neck. Mike continued to wrap her in more layers until he had used up all the rolls of Saran Wrap. Ashley playfully struggled inside her cocoon and giggled.

Mike disclosed the contents of the other bag; several rolls of colorful duct tape, some orange, some purple, and some black. He started with the rolls of orange, wrapping a full layer over the Saran Wrap. He then decorated the cocoon with stripes of purple and black. He went to the dresser, selected a pair of her silk panties from her underwear drawer, and stuffed them in her mouth. He wrapped purple tape around, sealing the gag.

"Happy Halloween, Babe." Mike had an evil grin on his face as he laid her down on the bed. Ashley giggled through her gag as he sat down on the foot of the bed and tickled her feet.
