---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kept in the Dark
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- sbf
- cons
- X
date: 2002-07-16 00:00:00
---

\*
Kept in the Dark
by Zack
Copyright© 2002
by Zack. All rights reserved.

Sally couldn't believe that she, a woman in her late thirties, (well,
forty two), had become addicted to tying herself up.  She had experimented
when she was a teenager, but she hadn't done it again until a few months
ago, just after her latest unsatisfactory relationship had ended.

At first she used loops of rope that she could just slip her hands out
of, but she quickly moved on to more secure ties.  She had a close
call during one of her early adventures, when she put her hands through
a noose tied to a hook in the ceiling.  She'd misjudged the length
of the rope; when she kicked away the chair her feet just touched the ground
and her weight pulled the loop around her wrists so tight that she couldn't
force it open.  If she hadn't been able to reach the chair with her
foot she never would have been able to get herself loose.  This brush
with a gruesome death had badly frightened her, but after a few weeks the
compulsion returned.  Now she took safety seriously and used proper
precautions.

Yes, now she knew better.  She found more information on the Internet
than she had ever imagined might exist and also found places to buy equipment
that allowed her to retire the rope.  Sally had found that she liked
the feeling of restraint, but she didn't like the discomfort that tight
ropes inflicted.  She bought some genuine police handcuffs and the
local hardware store supplied chain, padlocks, and other accessories.

As Sally gained experience she increased the duration of her bondage. 
Now it was Friday, and she planned to immobilize herself for the entire
night.  She didn't trust mechanical timers, so she had come up with
another idea; she would let the daylight release her.  She had a combination
lock, and took it, her handcuffs, and a length of chain to her bedroom
and cleared all of the furniture away from one corner.  She looped
the chain tightly around her waist and held it closed with the hasp of
the combination lock.  She put the handcuff chain in the hasp and
closed the lock .  Then she locked her wrists in the cuffs and used
a nail to double-lock them.  Her hands were now fastened to her waist
in front of her body where they were conveniently close to her clit. 
Even this rehearsal aroused her, but she resisted the temptation. 
She didn't want to take the edge off.

Now she made sure that she could escape her restraint.  She practiced
opening the combination lock while she was handcuffed.  She had memorized
the combination, but to be safe she wrote it on the back of her hand with
a ballpoint pen.  When she was confident that she wouldn't be trapped
she bolted the end of the chain to the floor.  She pulled on the chain
with all her strength, but it didn't move.

While she waited for darkness she prepared a frozen dinner and consumed
it and a couple of beers.  She knew that even though she emptied her
bladder now she would have to go again by morning.  This additional
pressure always added to her arousal.

Sally's bedroom window faced the east, and to keep the sunlight from
awakening her at dawn she'd put up a heavy curtain.  It muted the
glare to a glow, but enough sunlight penetrated to let her see the numbers
on the combination lock's dial.  (She'd checked that morning. 
Better safe than sorry.) There was a streetlight just outside her window
so she closed the curtain to make the room dark.

She took off all of her clothing and sat in the corner by the chain. 
She had decided to use a gag, even though the apartment below her was vacant
and no one was close enough to hear a scream.  She forced the ball
into her mouth and buckled the strap behind her head.

With the ease that is gained by practice she locked the chain around
her waist and double-locked the handcuffs on her wrists.  The key
was on the other side of the room, far beyond her reach.  Suddenly
it was totally dark; the bedroom light had burned out.  No problem;
she had set the timer to turn it off in a few minutes anyway.  Sally
struggled against the chains until she was so aroused that a touch on her
clit set off an intense orgasm.  She repeated this many times until
she finally passed out.

The pressure of her full bladder awakened her.  She couldn't see
the time on her clock radio, but the window was just visible as a gray
shape so she estimated that it was almost dawn.  She tried to make
out the numbers on the lock's dial, but it was still too dark.  
Her jaw hurt and she really had to pee, but she thought that she could
hold on until sunrise.  Sally jumped when the radio came on. 
She had forgotten to turn off the alarm last night.  She listened
to the announcer with mounting horror: "Time for the eight a.m. weather
report.  This storm really caught the weatherman by surprise, folks. 
It moved in fast last night and it's a big one.  If you had planned
to go to the beach this Labor Day weekend, forget it.  The forecast
is for rain and clouds for quite a while.  Don't expect to see the
sun for a week."

Story copyright©  2002 by Zack.  All rights reserved. 
I welcome your comments.  Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail. com

16-01-02
updated:
