---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Imagine
authors:
- sin_dy
tags:
- n/a
date: 2007-05-28 00:00:00
---

The following kinky situations have popped into my head.  Some
I have done.  Some I will do.  Some I hope will never happen. 
Oh the possiblities.

Imagine-  Getting home after dark.  You have stripped naked
in the parking lot at work and locked everything but your ignition keys
in the trunk of your car.  Now you padlock a chain around your waist
and around the steering column.  As you drive the dimly lit streets
you masturbate to an orgasm.  Your padlock key hangs from a string
inside your garage.  Just drive in, roll down the car window, grab
the key and your free.  Approaching the garage you push the remote
control button  of the garage door opener to discover it's battery
has gone dead!

Imagine- Laying down on a king size bed thats covered with a black rubber
sheet.  All four corner posts have eyehooks threaded with four ropes. 
After your ball gag is tightly strapped in, you fasten wide leather ankle
and wrist cuffs in place.  You spread your legs as far apart as you
can and tie each ankle rope with three very tight knots.  Laying back
down, you work the wrist ropes to the wrist cuff D-rings.  Now in
one full sweeping motion, you jerk your legs and wrists and topple the
four balanced concrete blocks off of their pedestals.  The weight
of the blocks pulls your body in a taut spreadeagle.  Only sheer strength
and will power will get you free!

Imagine- You're sitting high up on one end of a teeter totter. 
The combined weight of several bags of ice are holding down the other end
of the see-saw.  A warm breeze blows across your naked body, but still
you shiver in anticipation.  You're blindfolded, gagged and your hands
are cuffed in back.  No other bondage was necessary because you have
to sit quite still, otherwise fall to the ground and risk breaking something. 
Now you patiently wait for the ice to melt and seep out of the holes in
the bags and start your slow descent into the mud pit below where the precious
key is buried!

Imagine- You're naked in a motel room and seated in a strong wooden
chair with arms.  Your ankles are pulled back and up with ropes and
your knees are held wide apart exposing your sex.  Strong ropes criss-cross
your chest and waist holding you firmly to the back of the chair. 
Your arms are bound at the elbows and wrists to the chair arms.  Tape
seals your lips holding the foul tasting mouth packing in place. 
To escape, you must work the combination lock that is holding the sissors
handles closed.  Then using  the sissors you can eventually snip
the cinch ropes securing the rope coils around your wrist.  You have
waited three hours for the timer to turn the light back on so you can see
the dial on the lock.  Suddenly you notice the dim light that was
filtering in around the window curtain has disappeared.  Oh no, the
power to the motel must be off!

Imagine- A soft rug in front of a warm fireplace.  You have locked
your leather ankle cuffs together and now kneeling you manage to get a
doubled up belt up around your elbows.  With a hard tug, the slip
knot cinches the belts middle, forcing your elbows together.  The
long veterinary style latex gloves reach all the way to your shoulders. 
You manage to ratchet the handcuffs closed around each wrist and then work
a padlock around the connecting links on the cuffs to the ankle lock. 
All the keys are in the next room.  Slowly toppling over on your side
you grab for the cotton balls and clinch your fists tight around the balls
soaked in super glue!

Imagine- You're laying on a wide plank.  The board is long and
has a pipe attached under it and sticks out into supports at each end. 
Leather straps go around the board and fasten tight your ankles, knees,
hips, waist and chest.  There is even one that goes across your forehead. 
You reach under the board and lock on your timed release ice cuffs. 
On each side of you stands a long row of candles burning brightly. 
Suddenly the timer clicks on and the geared motor begins slowly rotating
the plank, turning you like a piece of meat on a barbecue spit.  Other
gears now tip the candles inward and hot wax begins dripping, splattering
you from head to toe.  You scream into your gag, "happy bondage birthday"!

Imagine- Laying back on a lounge chair next to the pool.  You tie
your ankles with several loops of rope and cinch them tightly.  You
do the same below and above your knees.  A waist rope followed with
crotch ropes comes next.  Picking up the page of die-cut stencil letters,
you peel off  S L A V E and stick them across your forehead. 
Finally you pin your arms to your side with a chest rope and cinch it under
each arm.  Rolling on your side, you work your hands down under the
tight waist rope and around the crotch ropes. Then with some effort, you
manage to get the handcuffs on.  The key is just over on the other
side of the pool.  Too bad you forgot about the bistering heat on
the concrete but what a great day for a tan!

Imagine- All the room covered in sheets of plastic.  You are kneeling
on the bed and spreader bars are attached between your ankles, knees and
wrists.  The ankle and wrist bars are  fastened to each end of
the bed.  You're going nowhere.  Ice is melting and will eventually 
drop a key near your fingers so you can unlock those leather cuffs. 
The ceiling fan has been hooked up to a security type motion detector,
which just now got activated by a timer.  A paint brush hangs by a
nylon cord from one blade of the fan.  Buckets of paint, oil and hot
pepper sauce are below the fan just waiting for the fan to start up and
perhaps stop with the brush dipping into one of the nasty buckets. 
Hold real still!

Well have I got you thinking?  Here are a couple more quickees.

Imagine- Tied to a post and waiting for the key to drop in your hand
but just to make things interesting you have cubes of ice melting that
will release a heavy weight and jerk those nasty pinching clamps right
off your numb nipples!

Imagine-  Now no cheating on this one.  Your handcuff keys
are on a loop of string.  The string is big enough to slip on and
off your head easy.  No problem.  With the string now around
your neck, simply lock on the handcuffs with your hands behind your back. 
Can you stand on your head? Ha!

Isn't the mind a marvelous thing?  Now try to think up even more
kinky selfbondage things to do.  Write a story of your own and submit
it to this web site and your ideas are always welcomed by me.  Maybe
I will even try them myself.  I couldn't imagine not trying them!

14.04.03 update:
