---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Kelly Gets What She Deserves
authors:
- Billdo
tags:
- Solo-F
- F+/f
- tease
- strip
- naked
- bond
- machine
- carwash
- bdsm
- whip
- torment
- insert
- stuck
- emb
- reluct/nc
- XX
date: 2013-03-24 00:00:00
---

Kelly had always been popular with boys.  Throughout high school and after, her 34C breasts, perfect waist, and striking features gave her constant attention and she loved it.  It was no surprise, however, that she had few female friends – and none that she really loved.  Kelly didn't care, though.  With the constant compliments and help with whatever she needed, she was perfectly content to have only guy friends.

After high school, nothing changed.  Her female coworkers always seemed to have something nasty to say about her and her male coworkers were quick to make her feel better.  Her grades weren't the best and she had decided to postpone college for a few years, so the best work she could find outside of a strip club (gross) was as a secretary at a nearby company that manufactured car wash equipment.

Recently, her female coworkers were getting more cruel.  They would hide her stationary or sabotage her computer and once, they even put super glue on her desk chair.  Since Kelly always wore thongs and skirts, her lips, thong, and part of her thighs got stuck to the chair.  It was more than an hour before she realized something was wrong, and she ended up having to cut her thong off just to stand up.  It took her the better part of the day to get her underwear off of the chair and part of the evening to get her lips unstuck from her things.  That meant she spent the entire day with her lips being held open and pulled forward and backward every time she moved her legs.  Coupled with the fact that she wore a shorter-than-usual skirt that day, she was sure she had been flashing everyone in the office.

But this was different.

Kelly awoke with a start.  The first thing she saw was a bright light above her and when she tried to turn her head, it wouldn't move.  She was fully awake in a snap and tried to jump up only to find that she was stuck in place.  Her thighs tied to her ankles and spread wide apart by rope disappearing off to either side and her arms wrapped behind her and secured wrist to elbow, she was truly trapped.  She tried to thrash and struggle, but found that she was hardly able to move, let alone free herself.  Unlike in the movies, Kelly didn't scream.  She was keenly aware of her vulnerability and didn't want to give herself away to her captor.

From behind one way glass, four of Kelly's prettier coworkers watched her struggle and twist, seeing the fear in her eyes.  She had been brought into the company's equipment prototype testing department unconscious and placed on a positionable cart designed for testing equipments' effect on different parts of a car's paneling.  She had been placed on her back with all of her holes fully exposed and this would be their best prank yet.  Maybe that bitch would finally get the message and quit!

Being new to the company, Kelly had no idea where she was or what was around her.  About the only thing she knew was that she was tied up, completely nude and exposed, and very scared.  She could see a little bit of machinery around her, but that was all.

Suddenly, her cart lurched forward and she screamed.  She was terrified and the sudden movement caused her to lose control.  She cried for help and yelled for anyone who would save her.  At that moment, she heard a loud “Woosh” sound and suddenly she was being sprayed with water from all sides.  Hot water, cold water, soapy water, all at once.

Kelly immediately realized she was in a car wash and her terror level jumped, but all she could do was panic.  She couldn't move, but she could still panic.

No sooner did she panic than she was assaulted by the first of the little whippy things that scrub cars clean.  They may not be hard or fast enough to damage a car, but the certainly felt excruciating to Kelly's cold and scared feet.  She hardly had time to register the whipping before it climbed up her legs and began brutally slapping her pussy.  This stung worse than she could have ever thought.  The assault between her legs as it struck again and again on her holes, lips, and tender clit was too much to handle and she fainted.

When she awoke, she was completely confused.  But it only took a moment for her memories to flood back and she was suddenly awake again with a start.  She became immediately aware of her bonds and the cold, wet rubber lying motionless on top of her tummy and the bottom of her breasts.

Without warning, the machines fired up.  She was relentlessly sprayed with hot, cold, and soap water all at once and the terrible whipping began again.  This time, the whippy things beat brutally into her tender breasts without mercy and she didn't faint.  As soon as they were directly on top of her, smashing her poor breasts and nipples down with sheer force, the cart she was tied to stopped moving and she was forced to endure what seemed like an eternity of torment.

From behind the glass, the girls had stopped giggling.  Each one privately imaging how terrible it would be to be in Kelly's restrained and vulnerable position.  As if some silent agreement had been made that Kelly had suffered enough, one of the girls pressed the “go” button that continued the progress of the testing cart.  Almost immediately, the car washing roller continued over her breasts and over her neck and face.  All Kelly could do was turn her head and shut her eyes as tightly as possible.

By the time the roller had passed entirely, Kelly was beat red from head to toe.  Her breasts and pussy lips had taken the worst of it and were puffy and extremely sore.  Her beautiful, auburn hair was tangled and soaked and strewn over her face.  At this point, she had no strength to struggle and merely cried – hoping it was over.

What Kelly didn't see was the mechanical Intelli-eye analyzing the rest of the “car” for any areas that the whips were unable to clean.

From the sides, several gauging devices used to measure the maximum size of a hole descended upon her.  These tools were a little smaller than a pencil, but would expand to over 3 inches to test for the necessary size of a hard sponge in order to effectively clean an unreachable crevice.

Panic set in as the gauging devices were unceremoniously shoved into and around her ears, nose, and the corners of her eyes.  Fearing for her life, she held as still as possible.  Once the gauges were in place, they simply stopped moving, effectively holding Kelly's head perfectly still for fear of puncturing her ear drums or poking her eyes out.  Seconds later she felt something touch her lewdly displayed pussy and asshole.

All at once, she was penetrated in her most private places.  Whatever had been shoved into her pussy, she could feel, but it was really small and all she could tell was that it felt like it would keep going in her forever.  After a few seconds though, she felt a dull poking in her tummy and then the thing stopped entering her.

Her asshole was different.  Not really having a thing for anal sex, regardless of how many guys' fingers would find their way into it during sex, she immediately thrashed her hips as violently as her bonds would allow.  Unfortunately for Kelly, the gauges were inside her in seconds and they were stuck fast in place.  The thing in her ass continued on for longer than the one in her pussy.  She kept feeling numb poking further and further into her tummy, but the thing didn't stop moving.  Eventually, she felt pressure under her rib cage and she knew without a doubt that whatever the thing inside her was, it had gone up into her colon and that meant she must have close to two feet of... whatever... in her hole.  The object stopped and for a moment, nothing happened.

Behind the one-way glass, the control room was empty.  The girls had never expected this to go as far as it had.  She was supposed to get washed and humiliated, but not raped or tortured by a machine.  The fear of police and the obvious sexual assault convictions caused each of the girls to panic and run, vowing to never talk about this.

All at once, the gauges in Kelly's ears and nose began to expand.  Worse, the things in her lower holes began expanding.  However, unlike the ones at her head that expanded, met painless resistance, and then withdrew, the ones in her pussy and asshole were not meeting enough resistance to register to the system that a proper cleaning sponge size had been decided upon.  So they just continued to expand.  The first inch was scary and a little painful, but being a girl, she was more panicked by the intrusions than by something being inside her.

But as they expanded to two inches, meaning that she had about 4 inches of metal inside her public bone, she began to feel real pain.  Her poor asshole felt like it had a baseball bat inside it and her pussy would probably never be the same.  Still the things expanded.  All she could do was thrash her tightly restrained body around, but had no way of removing her tormentors.

Kelly couldn't see the readout on the machine in the control room, but at 2.25 inches for her anal gauge and 2.70 inches for her pussy's gauge, the machine met enough resistance thanks mainly to her pelvis' diameter to select a proper sponge size.

Without shrinking, the gauges quickly withdrew from Kelly's aching and distended holes.  As they left her body, she could feel air entering her at both holes and trying as hard as she could, she was unable to tighten herself enough, so she resigned to her holes painfully gaping widely.  In her fear and panic-stricken mind, she wondered if she'd be able to sit ever again.

Her break lasted only seconds as an army of different-sized sponges perfectly still.  But as the small, cylindrical sponges unceremoniously entered her nose and ears, she felt two things the size of fists punch at her still-open lower holes.  Meeting little trouble, her pussy reluctantly accepted the enormous, firm sponge and it shoved its entire 10 inch length into her, filling her more than she had ever been filled before.

Her asshole, on the other hand, immediately clenched and stopped the machine in its tracks.  But being programmed to spin in the event of a sponge being unable to enter a nook, possibly caused by the sponge being positioned incorrectly, the baseball bat sized firm sponge simply increased pressure and began spinning.  This was defeat for Kelly.  She could do nothing against the strength of the machine raping her ass and it easily screwed itself into her most private place.

In it went.  The machine had detected that it had a two foot long by 2.25 inch hole to clean and that was exactly what it would do – all the while, the thing in her pussy spun and spun.  That was different, however.  It was designed to be penetrated.  Her pussy was a painful violation, but it was at least a little natural.  Her asshole and colon were a different story.  This hole was not designed to be entered or stretched like this and it was pure torment.

Poor Kelly could literally feel the sponge as it spun and simultaneously progressed deeper and deeper into her body.  If she could have tilted her head at all, she would have been able to see a cylindrical bulge just above her mons and a much longer bulge heading toward her rib cage.  But absent sight, all she could do was feel the violations as her poor asshole and pussy were stretched and distended around whatever spinning things were inside her.

As she cried and struggled, she could only wonder at what was happening and why.  Was she going to die?  Would she ever get free?  Her train of thought was interrupted by copious amounts of a hot, slimy goop being sprayed on her from all angles.

The shock and reality of everything happening was too much and Kelly lost consciousness again.  Her body slumped as much as it could, but the assault on her body's holes continued for over a minute before the sponges were withdrew and she was rinsed off with ice cold water, placed under a very powerful fan, and then the cart she was on followed the track out of the testing chamber and back around to the beginning.

Without a break, the cart entered the testing chamber again just as Kelly came to.  She could see sky for a moment before she was brought back inside.  Her whole body sore and aching, but at least it was over.

Inside the control room, the “loop” button was flashing green, indicating that the testing process was to continue until stopped.  Being a Friday afternoon, Kelly was in for a very long weekend.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=327.0)
