---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/leatherorknot11.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: 'Leather or Knot Chapter  11: On the Job Training'
authors:
- SwitchMan
tags:
- F+/mf
- D/s
- captives
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- latex
- electro
- ponyplay
- hood
- cart
- race
- toys
- reluct/nc
- X
---

(story continues from [**Leather or Knot Chapter 10: Linda's New Job**](leatherorknot10.html))

**Chapter 11: On the Job Training**

Amanda, Linda and Juliette watched as the unrelenting stimulation from the cock ring caused Dan to uncontrollably writhe around on the living room floor. Dan pressed his eyes closed in a conflicted combination of emotional agony and physical ecstasy. Amanda closed her eyes closed and looked away.

When she was satisfied that Dan understood his predicament, Juliette nodded to Linda.

“Enough fun and games,” said Juliette sternly.

Linda obediently moved her thumb over the green button and pressed it. Once the waves of pleasure subsided, Dan regained his awareness of his surroundings. He realized that Amanda was wearing the harness again, and he wondered how Juliette could have persuaded her to submit.

Smiling, Juliette sweetly said “Daniel. Amanda. Kindly kneel before me. Wrists crossed behind your back.”

Although the words suggested civility, the tone reeked of arrogance and superiority. Juliette alternately stared at each of them without blinking and warned them each to be obedient. Although she never mentioned punishment, it was inferred by their relative positions and the sternness of Juliette’s voice. She explained that they are both being controlled with kindness.

“Of course, you both must realize that tomorrow is training day.” Juliette said.

“Just last Wednesday, as Amanda was leaving my estate, we all agreed that I would hold training on Saturday. Isn’t that right, my pets?”

Without look at one another, both Dan and Amanda nodded for fear of displeasing Juliette.

“What a difference a few days can make,” Juliette said rhetorically. “Apparently, a lot has transpired since then. I certainly did not expect to be training two slaves, but, of course, I am delighted that you have both volunteered.”

Amanda turned her eyes to the floor, but Dan couldn’t hide his defiance. Juliette smiled at his disagreement.

“Normally, such an insolent look would incite a lesson, but I will indulge any question you may have, Daniel,” said Juliette in response to his glare.

“I certainly didn’t volunteer for this.” Dan said through gritted teeth.

Juliette erupted in laughter and responded “Of course you did.”

She explained that he voluntarily, and rather predictably, put on the cock ring even after he knew how powerful it was. In fact, he was the one who taught Linda how to use it. She further explained that he could take it off any time he wanted.

After an awkward silence, Dan responded with a smirk.

“Right. And as soon as I make a suspicious move, Linda will press that little red button and use my own body against me.”

Juliette just smiled.

“And even though Amanda hasn’t said anything, I’m sure that she didn’t volunteer for this.”

“Oh, on the contrary, Amanda got herself into this little pickle by putting the harness back on well before I unexpectedly dropped by. Since she is an obedient slave, she can’t tell us for certain, but I would guess that she expected to give herself to you.”

Amanda dropped her head confirming Juliette’s guess as she continued.

“Fortunately, for everyone I arrived in time to stop such a foolish plan. So, I guess I need to train the both of you, but in doing so, I expect to determine which one of you is the true submissive and which is the true dominant. You will both be put through three tests. The significance of each test will not be explained to you so as to prevent you from improperly affecting the scores. At the end of the training session, each of you will receive a gift.”

Juliette paused for dramatic effect.

“One of you will receive the gift of purpose – a lifetime devoted to nothing but fulfilling the desires of the other. And one of you will receive the gift of freedom – a lifetime of owning a devoted slave.”

“Ma’am? What if one of them is not truly dominant or the other not truly submissive?” Linda asked.

“My lovely apprentice poses an excellent question,” Juliette said gesturing toward Linda without looking away from her kneeling subjects.

“In fact, it is extremely rare that one partner is truly dominant while the other partner is truly submissive. My husband and I, however, are proof that it can happen. He was a complete dominant, and I was completely captivated by him. We were a perfect example of such rare dispositions.”

“Having experienced such a magical connection, I fully realize that what we had was a one in a million connection. Since my husband’s passing, I also realize that it is unlikely that I will ever experience that level of synchronicity again – especially since fate has forced me to embrace my dominant side.”

“So, as a humanitarian gesture, I directed my research staff to create dietary supplements formulated to, shall we say, ‘enhance’ one’s proclivities for either domination or submission. After diligently working on the problem for several years, it is amazing what they have devised: A little red pill that causes a body to increase production of hormones and proteins that promote dominance; and a little blue pill that suppresses production of those hormones and proteins resulting in a malleable personality wanting nothing more than pleasing a master or mistress.”

Before anyone could ask for a more complete explanation, Juliette announced “Enough banter. James is waiting for us just outside the front door.”

“I’m sure that your undergarments will keep you in line,” she mused as she turned toward the door.

Linda helped Amanda and Dan to their feet. She draped an overcoat around Amanda’s shoulders, and they all followed Juliette out the door to a waiting van.

The drive to Juliette’s estate was uneventful. They all sat in silence as James swiftly maneuvered the van along the progressively narrowing roads. Throughout the trip, Linda obediently watched Juliette; Dan and Amanda intermittently looked out the window and at each other with loving but concerned expressions; and Juliette stared at the submissive pair like a desert that could only be eaten after finishing her meal.

Upon arriving, the van delivered the group to the palatial entrance of the manor house. Dan and Amanda were surprised when they were met in the spacious front hall by Beth and Tara, the newly hired sorority sisters from the boutique. Amanda could hardly recognize them. Each woman was dressed in a skin tight, one-piece latex outfit that resembled a figure-8. Latex encircled each young woman’s upper torso, strategically covering and accentuating their ample breasts. The latex crossed behind their backs and wound back around to form a bikini bottom. Each woman also wore a matching latex collar, fingerless latex gloves and clear plastic, open-toed stilettos.

Each attendant carried a beautifully decorated leather collar and matching leash.

“Beth and Tara will escort you to your rooms for the night,” Juliette said, nodding at her two new attendants.

Beth stepped in front of Dan, and a look of satisfaction swept across her face. She gently secured the leather collar around his neck, and Dan made no attempt to resist as it was clear that escape was all but impossible. Tara similarly attended to Amanda, together they were lead up the circular staircase that defined the shape of the great hall. Upon reaching an interior hallway at the top of the stairs, the attendants silently steered their compliant followers in opposite directions toward their respective rooms. Tara gave a single gentle tug to Amanda’s collar as she instinctively resisted being separated from Dan, and Amanda sadly looked back to see Dan slowly following Beth whose hips swayed hypnotically before him.

Resigned to her situation, Amanda turned away from Dan and looked down the hall before her and Tara. The hall resembled that of an upscale hotel. Each interior door was numbered and equipped with an electronic door lock. Halfway down the hall, Tara paused in front of suite J-12. A moment later, a green light above the door knob silently illuminated, and Tara ushered Amanda through the doorway into a seven room suite. Upon entering, they found themselves in a large sitting room. A well equipped kitchen and dining room lay beyond the room in front of them, and bedrooms and adjoining bathrooms were located at either end of the sitting room.

Tara gave Amanda a brief tour ending with Amanda’s bedroom. At first glance the room appeared to be elegantly decorated, but a closer inspection revealed a number of functional features subtly blended into the décor. Most notably, the beautifully ornate wrought iron bed frame had O-rings welded on to it in every corner, in the center of the headboard, and at evenly spaced intervals along the side rails. An oak armoire with decorative hand-carved doors stood along the side of the bed. The armoire door furthest from the door was ajar revealing an array of hand crafted restraints. Amanda recognized most of the collection as items offered for sale at Leather of Knot.

“I know this is probably awkward for you,” apologized Tara. “It is for me, too, but we need to get you ready for bed. You have a full day ahead of you tomorrow.”

Tara insisted that Amanda use the bathroom before bed, and she then led Amanda into the walk-in closet and helped Amanda out of her overcoat. After hanging up the overcoat, Tara showed Amanda a variety of pajamas hanging nearby and asked her to select a pair for the evening. Amanda chose a pair of soft, comfortable, flannel pajamas. After Amanda had put on the pajamas, Tara led her to the bed and directed her to lie down.

Working swiftly, Tara removed two sets of suede cuffs from the armoire, and secured Amanda’s wrists and ankles to the corners of the bed. Amanda’s wrists and ankles aligned perfectly with the O-rings, and it was as though the bed was custom made for her. Rather than using locks, Tara used small spring-loaded clips to attach the cuffs. Even though the clips could be opened with minimal tension, there was no way for Amanda, stretched as she was, to reach the clips to free herself.

Tara then turned back to the Armoire to retrieve a suede collar that Amanda had never seen before. The exterior of the collar matched the wrist cuffs, but the suede façade clearly hid a more complicated internal design. A green LED was embedded in the front of the collar, and the back of the collar appeared to include a pair of slim, interlocking metal fasteners. Tara leaned over Amanda and gently applied the collar which emitted a slight click when the metal fasteners were connected at the back of her neck. Although Amanda couldn’t see it, the LED on her collar changed from green to red indicating that the collar was activated.

“There. That about does it,” Tara said in a pleasantly satisfied tone. “Okay, I am going to remove the harness now, but please don’t talk. The collar that I just put on you includes silencing technology that I’m told is rather severe, and I’d really hate to see you hurt yourself.”

Amanda couldn’t help but notice that Tara seemed to genuinely care about her comfort level. If only there was a way to communicate with her, Amanda thought that she might be able to get her to listen to reason.

“Silence slave off. Harness unlock,” Tara said authoritatively.

Amanda felt the harness release its hold on her, and she lifted up her torso as much as she could to allow Tara to remove it from under her pajamas. Even though she was still electronically silenced and tightly restrained spread eagle on the bed, Amanda felt somehow liberated once she was free of the harness.

With a thoughtful expression, Tara sat down on the bed next to Amanda. After a moment’s pause, Amanda thought that this could be her opportunity to get through to Tara. Amanda waved her bound left hand and pointed toward her head while simultaneously turning her head to the left and opening her mouth.

“Oh,” said Tara rather urgently. “How silly of me. Of course, you must need a drink.”

Amanda shook her head emphatically, and motioned with her left hand as though it were a puppet.

“Oh... You want to talk,” Tara said disapprovingly. “I’m afraid I have explicit instructions from both Lady Linda and Mistress Juliette that allowing you to talk is completely unacceptable.”

Amanda slumped in her bonds.

“But I do have a few things to tell you,” Tara said, perking up.

“Tomorrow is a big day for you and Dan. It could really change your lives forever, and even though I don’t really know you, I like you both. Of course, I don’t have any say in the matter for Dan since I was assigned to you, but I could help make things turn out the way you want them to if you don’t mind bending the rules a bit.”

Amanda looked at Tara suspiciously as she rummaged through an oversized purse that was on a corner dresser. Tara returned with two bottles of pills: one bottle contained blue pills and the other contained red pills.

“I don’t know if anyone told you about these, but I understand that they are amazing,” Tara began.

“The red ones make you more dominant, and the blue ones make you more submissive. Each pill lasts about 24 hours, and I just thought that if you wanted to sway the tests in your favor, you might want to take one tonight before bed.”

Tara stopped in order to catch her breath and to let Amanda consider the implications. Amada looked stoically at the pill bottles and then at Tara. Having caught her breath, Tara continued the one-sided conversation like a teenage girl leaving her friend an extended voicemail message.

“Now, I’m probably biased because I worked with Dan at the shop, but I really think you should take one of the red ones. How cool would it be to have Dan as your own personal boy-toy!”

Amanda continued to stare at Tara without emotion. Tara just smiled back before continuing.

“Of course, he’s pretty hot,” Tara said playfully. “It wouldn’t be that bad being his toy, would it? Maybe you’d want to take a blue pill,” Tara finished, raising her eyebrows and tilting her head to elicit some kind of agreement from Amanda.

Amanda responded with a narrow eyed glare and tugged at her bonds. Tara suddenly realized that Amanda must have thought that she was making a move on Dan, and she began to back pedal.

“No, no... You don’t understand... I didn’t mean anything by that. It’s just that you two are clearly hot for each other, and I thought you might like it better on the bottom. Besides, I’ve recently found that I’m more interested in partners who have firsthand experience with a woman’s needs, if you know what I mean... like Beth,” Tara explained as her face turned a deep red.

Amanda relaxed, motioned toward the pill bottles and shook her head. Tara sighed.

“Okay. I just thought I’d ask.”

Tara put the pill bottles back in her purse, and returned to Amanda’s side carrying a small plastic holder that resembled a compact lens case. Tara opened up the case and asked “Have you ever worn contact lenses?”

Amanda nodded tentatively.

“Great. Well, these are contact lenses that are completely black. They are called black-out lenses, and I’m going to put them in your eyes to help you sleep.”

Amanda began to shake her head and struggle against her restraints.

“Really, Amanda. Just calm down,” Tara said placing her hand gently on Amanda’s upper arm.

“I wear contacts, too, and I’ll be very careful. I have to do it. Mistress Juliette told me to, and I’d rather not end up in your position with Mistress Juliette angry with me,” Tara said, concluding with an awkward giggle.

Amanda calmed down, and allowed Tara to apply the blackout lenses leaving Amanda looking a bit like a beautiful cartoon heroine having colorless eyes with oversized pupils. Tara completed the package with a pair of earplugs leaving Amanda completely deprived of her two most important senses for the night.

Amanda’s sensory deprivation worked surprisingly well, and she easily drifted off to sleep despite her bondage. Before she drifted off to sleep, she wondered what had happened to Dan. Her imagination ran wild as she imagined a thousand ways that Beth might have taken advantage of him. Finally, she wondered whether Dan was offered the red and blue pills, and what his answer might have been if he had.

At 7:00 am Saturday morning, Tara gently roused Amanda from a deep, dreamless sleep. Although she felt as though she had just fallen asleep, Amanda was thoroughly rested.

Tara detached Amanda’s wrist restraints from the bed frame and removed the wrist cuffs. Amanda instinctively removed the earplugs from her ears and blackout lenses from her eyes. Amanda took some time to allow her eyes to adjust, and when her pupils normalized, she could see Tara at her bedside offering her the harness. Disappointed to be reminded of her predicament, Amanda silently accepted the harness and put it on under her pajamas.

To her surprise, Tara removed the collar she had fastened around Amanda’s neck, and she failed to engage the voice control option of the harness. That allowed the women to have a surprisingly normal conversation considering that Amanda was in a slave harness.

Amanda showered at Tara’s direction, and they ate a healthy breakfast of fruit salad and oatmeal. As they ate, Tara explained that the first test would be held in the outdoor arena near the stable. Although Amanda asked an array of questions, Tara provided no answers. Tara insisted that she would have answered them if she knew, but she was only told to deliver Amanda to the stable at 9:00 am.

After breakfast, the two women selected their outfits for the morning from the well stocked walk-in closet, and Tara insisted on placing Amanda’s hair in a tight ponytail. As they left the room, the pair looked as though they belonged in an Abercrombie & Fitch catalog. Nobody would have guessed that Tara was in complete control of Amanda.

Although the estate staff offered to drive them to the outdoor arena in a golf cart, the women decided that the 15 minute walk through the grounds would be nice. As they made their way, they talked about ordinary things, and under other circumstances the women would have become great friends.

They approached the outdoor arena from behind the stable which was adjacent to the arena. On the far side of the arena, opposite the stable, were bleacher seats and enclosed box seats along the top of the bleachers. Amanda could see a number of people in the stands, and she thought she saw Juliette and Linda in the center box seats.

The stable was a long building that ran east and west along the south side of the arena. There were entrances at either end, and an entrance in the center that allowed one to pass through the stable and into the arena. They entered the stable at the west end, and Tara directed Amanda to a dressing room through the first door to the left. Upon entering the room, Amanda was stunned by her return to reality. The room was full of equestrian equipment that was foreign to Amanda, but there was also equipment that was similar to the pony girl gear sold in the shop. Tara motioned to a bench and told Amanda to wait until the stable mistress arrived. She then left Amanda alone in the dressing room and locked the door behind her.

It was only a few minutes before Victoria, the stable mistress, entered the room. She was tall and slim, and she wore a tight fitting, tailored, white cotton polo shirt with the neck unbuttoned. Her pants were black spandex breeches, or riding pants, which further accentuated her curves and matched her black leather belt and knee-high black riding boots. Even though she was quite young, her presence commanded respect, as did her riding crop.

Victoria wasted no time with pleasantries.

“Good morning girl. I am Victoria, the stable mistress. You will address me as ‘Mistress Victoria’ or ‘Mistress.’ In ten minutes, you will be taking part in a race for the pleasure of Mistress Juliette and her guests. Normally, entrants train extensively for such a race, but I am told that you are a complete novice. Is that correct?”

Confused and intimidated, Amanda replied “Yes, Mistress.”

“Well then, we’ll make the best of it. Let’s get you in some appropriate racing gear. Strip completely and tell me your waist measurement.”

As though it was the most natural thing in the world, Amanda instinctively began removing her clothing as she responded “26 inches, Mistress.”

Working at an astounding pace, Mistress Victoria selected a variety of garments and restraints from a nearby walk-in storage locker, and removed Amanda’s harness with a curt “harness unlock.” Realizing that several people had controlled the harness in the past two days, Amanda wondered whether she could have removed the harness herself by simply using the command.

Before she even realized what was happening, Mistress Victoria had wrapped her midsection with a tight fitting, steel boned, PVC corset. Although Amanda couldn’t see what Mistress Victoria was doing behind her back, Amanda could tell that she was tightening and securing the corset with practiced proficiency. In a matter of seconds, Amanda found her waist reduced from 26 inches to 22 inches. As she examined the corset, Mistress Victoria continued dressing her by sliding on a pair of elbow-length PVC gloves.

The corset included several sets of D-rings: Two D-rings were located in the small of the back near her kidneys; and three D-rings were attached to each side of the corset, evenly spaced from the top to the bottom. After her cursory examination of the corset, Amanda looked up to find that the stable mistress had completed her work on the gloves. Having been distracted by the corset, Amanda failed to realize that the PVC gloves were actually mitts that forced her hands into fists rendering them all but useless. Mistress Victoria had already firmly fastened cuffs above each elbow and around each wrist.

In one deft motion, the stable mistress swung Amanda’s right wrist behind her back and fastened the wrist cuff to the corset’s left rear D-ring with a miniature clip. Repeating the motion with the other wrist, Amanda found her wrists tightly crossed behind her back. To complete the restraint, Victoria encircled Amanda’s forearms with strap that she attached to a D-ring high at the back of the corset. Amanda found her shoulders pulled back and her chest jutting out proudly. Although she was suddenly embarrassed by her provocative posture, there was nothing she could do to change it or to cover herself.

Suddenly slowing the pace to admire her handiwork, Mistress Victoria circled around Amanda like a snake. After deliberately tracing her finger over various parts of Amanda’s body, Victoria cupped her hand under Amanda’s right breast. She slowly worked Amanda’s nipple between her thumb and index finger and said “While you may lack racing experience, you might make for it in aesthetics.”

Victoria then left Amanda standing in the center of the room as she selected the appropriate footwear. Working from behind Amanda, Victoria directed her to lift her right foot behind her and balance on her left foot. Victoria fitted a thigh-high PVC boot around Amanda’s foot and calf. She bucked various straps to ensure a snug fit, and she let Amanda’s foot drop back to the floor with a distinctive ‘clop.’

As Victoria applied the second boot, Amanda inspected the first boot and found that it was molded to resemble a horse hoof. She realized that she was slowly becoming a pony girl, and her other foot dropped to the floor like the hoof of a frustrated mare.

“We are running out of time before we need to get to the starting gate, but I still have two more items to complete your outfit,” Victoria announced as she again rummaged through the storage locker.

Victoria emerged from the locker holding a piece of equipment that both amazed and frightened Amanda. Requiring the use of both her hands, Victoria held the device in front of Amanda so that she could examine it.

“It is the ultimate pony girl head harness,” Victoria proclaimed proudly.

And it was. The device was an extremely lifelike replica of a horse head, including ears, lips and teeth, except that it was made out of PVC.

Mistress Victoria explained that the device was designed to completely encase the wearer’s head, and it included an integrated PVC posture collar. The head was constructed in two halves that were hinged along the top so that one half could be aligned with the wearer’s head, and the second half could be rotated into place to create the appearance of a horse’s head. The device would then be secured using a strap around the snout, a buckle beneath the chin, and the posture collar around the base of the head.

Stunned, Amanda looked feebly at Victoria and whispered “But how do I breathe?”

For the first time, Victoria returned a caring smile.

“My dear, my most prized possessions are my ponies. I wouldn’t hurt them for the world... unless, of course, they were naughty... but I would certainly never deprive them of oxygen,” Victoria explained.

She turned the mask upside down in front of Amanda and opened it for her to inspect. The interior was far more complicated than Amanda expected. Victoria explained that the interior was lined with dense, slow-reacting foam that provided a contoured fit for the wearer and virtually eliminated any injury due to rubbing or chafing. The eye holes were large enough that they would accommodate a diverse demographic, including women and men. Internal air hoses ran from the artificial nostrils to a latex prosthetic device that enabled an airtight fit with the wearer’s nose, and the nostrils included filters to remove dust and other impurities from the air.

Further, the mask included two microphones embedded in the artificial ears that provided audio to interior speakers aligned with the wearer’s ears. Finally, the mask featured an interior pump gag that was contoured to effectively eliminate most sounds made by the wearer. The pump gag, however, included embedded sensors which were designed to receive the sounds and movements made by the wearer. The sensor data would be translated into typical horse noises that were output through speakers embedded in the mouthpiece. The sensor data would also be used to create matching realistic mouth movements produced using small servo motors embedded in the nose, lips and mouth.

Amanda was too flabbergasted to put up an effective resistance when the stable mistress connected the breathing apparatus, inflated the pump gag and closed the device around her head. Although her vision was eventually impaired by blinders, she could otherwise see, breathe and hear quite well. In fact, the foam interior of the device made it comfortable enough that the experience wasn’t the least bit claustrophobic, although it was a bit warmer than she would have liked.

As Amanda was trying to get acclimated to her headpiece, Mistress Victoria attached a leather leash, and Amanda found herself being lead out the door and down the long hallway toward the entrance to the arena. As they walked briskly toward the center of the stable building, Amanda was forced to look forward. The integrated posture collar severely limited any head movement, and her peripheral vision was blocked by blinders.

Once they reached the center of the stable and Mistress Victoria turned left to enter the arena, Amanda had an unobstructed view down the hallway. Amanda was surprised to Miss Francis leading another pony toward the arena. Even though the pony’s head looked just like hers, she knew that it was Dan. She didn’t know whether she was crying out of love, frustration or humiliation, but her tears silently dropped onto her cheeks, and they were absorbed by the foam interior of the headpiece. She stomped her foot and cried out into her gag, but the sound that filled the hallway was a frustrated horse whinny.

“Whoa now, easy girl,” said Mistress Victoria as she gently slapped Amanda’s thigh with her riding crop.

Amanda instinctively turned away from the crop and found herself positioned in front of a large door that was the entrance to the arena. Amanda disappointed that her movements were so easily controlled by Victoria. The stable mistress clearly had a thorough understanding of human instincts, and Amanda was in no position to challenge her. She was at least slightly comforted knowing that Dan was by her side even though they couldn’t communicate.

Amanda remained still while a carriage was attached to her corset by a set of straps and braces. She could feel the weight of the carriage pull down on her midsection, and then the weight suddenly equalized as though a weight had counter-balanced the carriage. She assumed that a rider had mounted the carriage, but she had no idea that the rider was Tara. Dan was similarly rigged with a carriage controlled by Beth.

Suddenly, there was a loud neighing and stomping of feet next to her. Before Amanda had time to consider what the commotion was about, she felt a bulbous probe being inserted into her ass. She whinnied and kicked in response, but it was to no avail. Within moments, Mistress Victoria had finished slipping in a butt-plug that an ordinary observer would recognize as an elegant horse tail. Amanda’s anus ached at the oversized intruder, and Mistress Victoria secured the tail with a retaining strap that ran from the back of the corset, through Amanda’s labia to the front of the corset.

Amanda wiggled her ass in discomfort trying to dislodge the plug, but the retaining strap and Amanda’s bondage made it impossible. As the large doors opened onto the arena, Amanda’s efforts merely looked like a cute, playful pony swishing its tail to and fro. From Amanda’s vantage point, she could see that the stands were nearly full, and many in the crowd were on their feet cheering Dan and Amanda’s entrance.

Amanda looked up to the box seats to see Mistress Juliette standing with a microphone. Her amplified voice boomed over the sound system.

“Settle down now. Settle down,” Juliette said playfully to the crowd as the cheers trailed off.

“Friends, enthusiasts and curiosity seekers... Welcome to our weekly pony race. This week we have a battle of the sexes. On the inside lane we have Amanda, a physically mature filly standing a little over 16 hands tall, and on the outside lane, we have Dan, a similarly aged stud standing around 18 hands. The race will be a single circuit around the arena, and points will be awarded for aesthetics, poise, and time. Of course, points will be deducted for breaches of etiquette. Both ponies are essentially untrained, but show great promise.”

“As always, the estate does not sanction any wagering on this race, but private wagers may be made at the discretion of the bettors. To add a bit of spice to today’s event, the participants have a little skin in the race. Based in part on his or her performance today, one of these ponies will become a lifelong submissive of the other. So, without further delay, let the race begin.”

The cheers erupted as Beth and Tara directed Dan and Amanda into the starting positions in their respective lanes. Mistress Victoria stood between them carrying a starter’s pistol. She wished all four participants luck, raised the pistol in the air and squeezed the trigger to start the race.

As soon as the race began, Dan felt the sting of Beth’s slapper on his ass. Alternately slapping either side, Beth urged Dan to run his fastest. Dan knew that the faster he ran, the sooner Beth would let up on the slapper. He couldn’t really see Amanda to his left, but he could tell that he was just a few strides ahead of her.

Through the noise of the crowd and the sound of his own breathing, Dan could hear Beth yelling “Pick up your knees, damn you! It isn’t just about your speed!”

Dan tried his best to comply. He kept up his speed as he lifted his knees with each stride. His tail waved wildly, and he could feel the bulb nestled within him pressing against the sides of his rectum. The sensation made him stumble, and the crowd reacted with wild cheers.

Dan’s mistake gave Tara and Amanda an opportunity to catch up. As they gained on Beth and Dan, he could hear Tara’s firm but gentle and encouraging commands to Amanda. “Knees high. Chin up. Keep the pace. Good girl!” Realizing that Beth and Tara were riding the carriages, Dan wondered whether the two had made a side bet on the outcome.

As they rounded the second turn, Dan tilted his head slightly to could see that Amanda had overtaken them. He unconsciously slowed down even more as he admired Amanda’s form. She was gracefully trotting beside him as though she was a thoroughbred horse. She was beautiful! Her breast heaved up and down with the rhythm of her strides.

Beth’s slapper abruptly reminded Dan that he was not free to admire Amanda’s grace without consequence. Dan quickly and obediently regained his concentration, and closed the gap with Amanda. Rounding the third turn, Dan and Amanda were in a virtual dead heat. Even though Amanda was in amazing condition, the corset constricted her breathing and she was beginning to tire. She was pulling roughly the same amount of weight as Dan, but he was considerably bigger and stronger.

She didn’t know what effect her losing the race would have on her future with Dan, but she assumed that it would place her in the subordinate role. Although she thought that a life as Dan’s slave sounded enticing, she knew that winning the superior position would afford her infinitely more options. She only hoped that she could make up for her shortcomings in the two remaining tests that Juliette had planned. In the meantime, Amanda decided to make the best of her situation, and reduce the consequences of losing by keeping it as close as she could. As she rounded the final turn, she dug deep within her for the strength to run the home stretch without regret.

In her enthusiasm to give Dan a run for his money, Amanda twisted her ankle and stumbled. Her frustrated moan was translated into a high pitched whinny by her headpiece, causing Dan to instinctively turn around to see what had happened. Nearly falling, without her arms to balance or break her fall, Amanda barely managed to stay on her feet, and she continued her run to the finish line.

Dan was frustrated that he had no way to help Amanda. He slowed down enough to ensure that the race remained close. He wasn’t sure how this test could possibly determine a preference for dominance or submission since both he and Amanda were trussed up like unruly mustangs. He wondered whether Juliette would consider the winner more submissive since the winner would have accomplished the goal of his or her mistress.

Confused about their future, and concerned for Amanda’s welfare, Dan made sure that the race was as close to a tie as possible. As they crossed the finish line, the crowd’s cheering reached a tumultuous crescendo, and both Dan and Amanda were exhausted. Beth and Tara slowed their ponies to a stop near the center of the arena while Amanda and Dan struggled to catch their breath.

“What a delightful display!” Juliette announced as the crowd continued to cheer.

“That race was simply too close to call. The judges’ scores will be tallied and posted shortly. Of course, refreshments will be served just outside the arena as usual.”

As the crowd shuffled out of the stands, Amanda and Dan were relieved of their carriages. Tara and Beth lead the ponies out of the arena and back to their respective dressing rooms where the horse hoods were removed, and they were able to drink some much needed water. Neither Tara nor Beth spoke to them, but it didn’t really matter. Dan and Amanda were too tired and thirsty to initiate a conversation. Besides, there was nothing that they could say that would alter the course of events. Both of them knew that they would just have to ride out the tests, and rely on whoever of the two of them was deemed the dominant to change the situation.

Tired and somewhat broken, Dan and Amanda each allowed their riders to reapply their hoods. Resuming their appearances as ponies, they were both taken to an adjoining pasture to rest until the next test. They tried to talk to each other, but could only make horse sounds. Instinctively, they affectionately nuzzled each other, and finally curled up together under the shade of a tree until they were collected for the next test.

19.09.11

story continues in [**Leather or Knot Chapter 12: The Final Tests**](leatherorknot12.html)

o0o
