---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'The Training of Slave Selena 16: Last Night of Freedom'
authors:
- James W
tags:
- M/f
- MF/f
- ff
- latex
- bond
- slave
- catsuit
- SBR
- public
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2009-06-12 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 16: Last Night of Freedom**

‘S’ awoke still heavily rubberised, her corset holding her fast; she ached all over and felt the need for a long shower. The liquid in her suit had been re-absorbed whilst she slept, she lay wondering what time it was and where her beloved Master was. The room was night black and she realised that she had been blindfolded. She reached up to check only to realise that she was restricted; her hands would not move above her neck. The sound of chain confirmed her bondage; she lay back and would have smiled had not the breathe-through gag stopped her. There was nothing to do but wait for release by her Master.

She dozed off again. The next instant she felt the touch of her Master; sitting up in bed she awaited release.

“Slave, you have slept well I’ve checking on you since 9.00am. You first awoke at 11.am then went back to sleep, it’s now 1.30 pm. Time for you to shower then join me for brunch. I’ve laid out your clothes for today.” With that he released ‘S’ and went off to the kitchen.

Now refreshed ‘S’ felt wonderful in her new attire. The pencil slim skirt in black latex with no knickers, special ‘cuff’ bra which allowed her full breasts to be held in constraining cuffs, the main part of her breast held in the latex bands which projected the bare skin front part of her breasts and pierced nipples which tented the pewter latex blouse with ruffed high neck and full sleeves with tapered cuffs. She wore 5” stiletto heels on her slim latex encased legs the stockings gripping her thighs.

She entered the kitchen to find her Master dressed in black latex slacks and pewter shirt.

“I see we are a matching pair Master.” Then she was upon him arms thrown around his neck mouths sealed together in a passionate kiss; the lifted left leg of ‘S’ telling of her love for her Master. Breaking off after some time, ‘S’ spoke

“Master, that trip was the most amazing experience I’ve ever had, I blacked out at the end you know! I was in seventh heaven for the majority of the time and you were just wonderful, you know how to please a woman! You play with your slave as a virtuoso plays his Stradivarius! I really believed you would never let me take pleasure. I was in a constant state of arousal yet never able to achieve a pleasure on my own; you saw to that and had me desperate to take one. I soon realised that you were in absolute control and that until you saw fit I would be unable too. The rebreathing helmet and bags were fantastic; you know I’m addicted I can’t get enough of it, it blows my mind.” She added, “I can’t wait to become your 24/7 slave, just to think of what you will do to me and how you will train me makes me weak at the knees, thank you, thank you, thank you.”

Later in the day two SBR mackintoshed lovers gloved hand in hand moved amongst the Sunday afternoon shoppers at Camden Lock. Their original meeting on that wet winters day now a distant memory, ‘S’ had changed beyond all recognition. The weather had been unseasonably warm for some days but the afternoon stroll, first in a gloomy overcast summer’s day had deteriorated to what looked like an immanent thunderstorm. The first heavy drops smashed into the dry dusty surface and had people scurrying to find shelter. The two lovers stopped for a moment, pulled out their sou’westers and put them on, then laughing they pulled their belts in another notch. As if that action was a signal to the rain gods, the heavens opened. In a moment they were glistening in their rubber attire, happy and deeply in love as the deluge continued unabated. To the casual observer it would appear that two sensibly clad people if somewhat old fashioned in their respective belted mackintoshes and sou’westers were well dressed for the deluge.

Returning to James flat they took off their shiny black rubber and then sat celebrating over a glass of wine, their good fortune, in having found each other.

“You know Master, in less than one weeks time I shall have become your 24/7 permanent rubber slave, and I can’t wait until then, the time since Friday has been absolutely fantastic you have given me experiences, even I with my highly fertile Imagination, couldn’t have conceptualised. You are so exciting Master, and I am your eager acolyte.” All this time ‘S’ was kneeling at the feet of her Master as became her status.

“Don’t worry slave, the time will pass quickly” and then added “There is much to be completed before then and your daily training must continue. I want you in peak condition when you present yourself for the formal signing of yourself over to me as my 24/7 slave. I’ve got two friends who will sign as formal witnesses as the contract is a legal document. I’ve had a solicitor friend draft the contract and he tells me it will be a legally binding entity.” Adding, “Forgive the pun!”

They both laughed, then James bent down to kiss his slave ‘S’. “You know I love you to bits, I’m head over heels in love with you, and you really are the lady of my dreams. Although once you are my property I shall have absolute control over you.” Here, he fixed his gaze into her grey eyes. “And I shall fully exercise my right to test and extend you beyond your wildest fantasies.” Hearing these words had Selena’s pulse racing; she couldn’t wait! “Now, where were we? Yes, final arrangements to attend to. You leave your work on Wednesday, am I right?”

“Yes Master.”

“Thursday you can bring over anything you want in the way of fetish gear or personal belongings. I know you have disposed of most of your worldly goods the final collection of furniture will be completed on Thursday. So that night you will sleep in your empty flat on an inflatable rubber mattress which I will lend you. You will dress only in latex from then onwards. On Friday you hand over keys and to all intents and purposes are homeless. You will stay at a friend’s house who knows of our plans; he and his wife are to be witnesses at the signing ceremony. Selena, slave I use your name now as from Saturday onwards you will never use it again. You will be addressed a ‘S’ or slave; do you understand.” A compliant, “Yes Master” issued from Selena’s lips. James noted she was flushed; what a lady! He thought to himself.

They slept naked between latex sheets ‘S’ woke and completed her daily ritual then made breakfast for them both before pulling on her SBR and setting off for work. It was a lovely early summer’s day. The SBR was somewhat out of place but to Selena, now in her final few days of freedom, it was a symbol of her new found way of life; something from her past but also of the present and she knew with certainty, of the future.

As predicted the week flew past; the leaving drinks with her work colleagues and the presentation of gifts, together with the endless odds and ends to bring the whole process to a conclusion all took time and she had little chance to brood on the lack of latex bondage. She consoled herself with ‘All good things come to those that wait.’ James was out of town until Thursday and as she had sold her computer she was unable to receive e-mails. The nightly phone calls however, lasted long into the night as the two lovers confirmed their love.

Thursday night spent alone in her empty echo-y flat was both a low spot as well as a high. Lying completely covered in latex between latex sheets on the rubber air mattress which her Master had loaned her Selena contemplated her position. Here she was in an empty echo-y flat the only possession she had were her day clothes, her beloved SBR and the latex clothing she was cocooned in now. All vestiges of her present life had been stripped away, disposed of. Her flat had been sold and the monies put on deposit; she was a wealthy mature woman but the money she now had would be barred from her use after Saturday. She felt lonely, alone in the stripped flat; no ‘phone connection, no e-mail. This must be my all time low of life she reasoned, but it was not! Deep within her there was the knowledge, a sure deeply satisfying knowledge, that this was just what she had always longed for, to be free from any property, procession or responsibility, save that of being totally masochistic; compliant to one who held power of life or death over her. Her heart skipped a beat, yes; I’m free as a swallow to explore the outer limits of the dark universe under the strict guidance and control of my beloved Master. With the certainty of maturity and a fine intellect Selena had arrived at the place of her conversion. “Only another day, only another day”……… sleep over came the recumbent form.

Selena awoke with a start it was the middle of the night and an unfamiliar sound had roused her, she lay silent listening for the sound that had awoken her. But there was nothing only the strange empty shell of her flat. “It must have been the building sighing she reasoned. Pulling up the latex sheet covering her she closed her eyes, but sleep evaded her. She was wide awake and that old deep excitement which had been with her ever since her first meeting with James was with her now. Only another night then it will be Saturday my day of destiny. I wonder what my Master has in mind for me. No doubt it will be exciting beyond belief, I really can’t wait. She let her mind wander as she lay quietly. Then it was time to perform her slave duties. She gave herself a larger enema than normal; 2 litres and was sexually turned on by the consequences, she felt full and moist at the same time. Then she began her meditation, kneeling quietly she focused on her mantra; at the end she was calm and prepared for the busy day ahead. She was to meet up with her Master for lunch; the last one before her permanent enslavement. To mark the occasion James had booked them into “The Ivy”

She arrived early wearing nothing but latex and her SBR. She was ushered to a table, her mackintosh taken by the waiter who retired to the cloakroom. She was pleased to expose her pencil skirt together with a matching ruff necked long full sleeved blouse in shiny black latex. An aperitif was offered. She accepted a gin and tonic then sat quietly awaiting her Master’s arrival. Her latex attire passed largely un-noticed by other diners. Then he was there beside her, she swooned as he came close. “Master, what have I done to deserve this honour? She queried in her own unique way; a slight teasing inflection in her voice, well known to her Master.

“S” you pleased me no end over the week end and as this is your very last meal with me as a legal equal I felt it appropriate to spoil you. But make no mistake I shall refrain from spoiling you in this way from tomorrow. You will be mine to do as I think fit with and I have a very busy schedule devised; your feet will hardly touch the floor”, and here he smiled as the obvious pun was made, “and there will be no time for anything other than training. So my lovely lady enjoy this whilst you are able!”

Selena responded, without hesitation looking longingly into her Masters eyes. “Oh endless hours of this empty time, let the alchemy of latex change the burden of leaden time passing to wingless flight to my nirvana. Release me from these endless time bonds so I may defy the temporal order and fly into my Masters strong arms.” Selena was surprised by her statement but felt proud of this spontaneous outpouring.

Looking into her eyes he replied, “The hours will pass soon enough. Now let’s enjoy this occasion.” With that, he ordered champagne. The conversation that followed was loving in the extreme, but also gave Selena information as to the final arrangements for her passage from lover to slave. Selena was to go to an address in west London to spend her last night as a bond free person. The couple were friends of James and knew of their plans, indeed they were to accompany “S” on the morrow as well as to act as witnesses. They had made a room ready for Selena. All she had to do was arrive at 5pm wearing only that which she stood up in.

By the end of the meal Selena was quite tight, she felt as one preparing for a life changing event. She was a willing acolyte ready for whatever befell. They parted knowing the significance of this final parting. There were tears in Selena’s eyes as she clung to James for the last time before the drastic change in her status. She was not sure if it was a result of regret or longing. Deep within her she knew the answer and her heart sang.

Arriving at exactly 5pm as instructed, the tightly belted mackintoshed figure of Selena mounted the imposing steps to the entrance of a large Victorian town house and rang the bell. The black door swung open and standing there was an apparition. Before her stood a female form completely shrouded in black latex, only the eyes were exposed and they were behind clear vinyl lens of the helmet; from where the mouth should be there was a tube with pump-up bulb dangling. A high ruffed necked dress covered the form from throat to ankles. Black rubber high heeled boots poked out from beneath the dress; long ruffed sleeves tapered to tight cuffs from which protruded black latex gloves. The waist of the form was un-naturally slim.

A white ruffed full length, Victorian style apron indicated that “she” was a serving maid. Her wrists were fettered; the silver chain dangled down beneath the silver tray she held out in front of her. In the centre was a folded note with the single letter “S” on it. Selena gasped aloud, for once lost for words, she was completely speechless. Then she gathered her senses and took the card. Unfolding it she read, 'slave “S” follow our serving maid to your room. There you are to be undressed; our maid will assist you, take a shower, dress in the items you find. The maid will then escort you to our room; you must be ready in exactly one hour. We look forward to meeting you'.

“S” heart skipped a beat; she was excited and anxious; excited at the prospect of being under the control of the unknown couple and anxious because this was a new departure for her. She followed the rustling latex swathed maid, as instructed as she made her slow progress along the entrance hall then began climbing the stairs. The clink of chains as the maid moved indicated that she was further fettered by restrains at the ankles; the heady aroma of latex emanating from the covered maid excited ‘S’. ‘Perhaps, one day I shall be dressed similarly and allowed to welcome my Masters guests to his pent-house.’ The maid stopped outside of a door. Taking a key from under her apron inserted it and unlocked the door. Opening it she stood back and bowed stiffly. “S” entered the room to discover it was a room in name only. There were no windows! A large cell would have been a better description, concealed down lights illuminated the crimson red walls and ceiling, black carpet covered the floor.

Had ‘S’ or the slave taken the time or had the detection equipment they would have discovered that concealed monitoring devises were recording every sound and action.

A latex sheeted double bed stood in the centre. Lying on the bed was what she was to wear. A door led off to the en-suite bathroom; numerous cupboards lined one entire wall of the cell. “S” turned and moved towards the maid looking closely at the maid servant. Only her eyes were visible. Dark brown eyes looked out from behind vinyl lens. On becoming aware of “S” gaze the maid lowered her eyes, acknowledging her inferiority and position. Then lifting her head, but avoiding any further eye contact, she moved towards “S” and began unbuckling her mackintosh. The wrist chains made what could have otherwise been a simple task, a lengthy one. Eventually “S” stood naked her piercings her only jewellery. Attempts to speak to the maid only resulted in the maid lifting her gloved hand up and placing a finger across her gagged mouth to indicate that she couldn’t speak and must remain silent for the duration.

“S” stepped from a refreshing shower having prepared herself for the dressing. She had shaved her mons afresh and was once again completely smooth and hairless.

The dressing helped by the silent maid took some time especially as she knew that she had to be tight and tidy without either a crease or wrinkle showing. The maid then began polishing her latex suit with ‘Eros’ polish. For ‘S’ this was a new experience and one which she enjoyed thoroughly; the touch of the polish cloth over her clinging suit felt so good and before long she was aware of growing sexual excitement. The gagged maid clearly understood the signs and entered into the experience. The two of them were progressively getting off on the process. The maid spent just that moment too long on sensuously massaging ‘S’ breast and between the top of her legs as well as ‘accidentally’ pushing her rubber enshrouded body against ‘S’. The result was electric as the two of them became increasingly sexually excited and was only broken by the time constrains imposed by the Hosts. It was clear that there was empathy between the acolyte and the house slave.

Now wearing a black latex catsuit with hood, gloves and feet attached, she was feeling deeply masochistic. The vaginal dildo and anal rod were deeply imbedded within her and held in place with a through strap pulled to its tightest. Open eye and mouth holes in her helmet allowed her to show off her lovely grey eyes and deep red lips. The eye shadow had set her eyes off to perfection. The heavy constricting corset, pulled into its limit had made her quite breathless but she was now accustomed to this condition. She wore 6-inch stiletto shoes with a silver padlock locking them at the ankle onto her. She checked herself in the full-length mirror. The maid had polished her to perfection. She was ready to meet her hosts.

At exactly 6.30 the hour was up. The two rubberised figures waited listening intently for an answer to their knock. The single word “Enter,” filtered through the thick door. The maid entered first, having opened the door; she stood stiffly to attention as “S” entered. Standing at the fire place, two latex clad figures moved forward one pace. “Come forward slave “S” and present yourself.”

“S” did as instructed and knelt in front of the couple, as befitted her position. Placing her head at the feet of her hosts, her hands clasped behind her back. “Master and Mistress I await your instructions?”

“Rise slave and let us have a look at you. We have heard a lot about you from your Master.”

Rising slowly “S” stood at attention with her hands behind her back, her head held high. The couple walked slowly around her as if inspecting a prize possession. “S” hoped all was in order and no fault would be found. After what seemed like hours to the waiting ‘S,’ a reply of, “Yes, everything tight and tidy; now join us for a drink before dinner,” was made. Turning and addressing their maid they instructed her to serve drinks. “S” was not given a choice. “Come, sit with us.” They moved towards a black leather suite. “This evening you will be our special guest” they added, “you know you are to sign your slave document tomorrow; but until then you will not be disciplined or treated as befits your position; you will of course, address us formally. Now please take a seat.”

“S” took a single chair and sat down. The Mistress spoke, “You may not remember but a week last Friday, we met you whilst you were in central London at the statue of Eros, you were waiting in the pouring rain for your Master; it was us who you spoke to. We knew you were going to be picked up. Your Master is an old friend of ours and wanted us to have a look at you. We meet again and no doubt will be seeing more of you once you have undergone your initial 24/7 slave initiation rites. From what your Master has said, and judging from the comments you made when we met, you will make a very good slave in due course.”

“Thank you Mistress,” “S” replied.

There was a knock at the door. The Master answered. “Enter.” The maid opened the door having to use both of her fettered hands, as the short chain did not allow independent use, then shuffled outside for a moment to pick up the drinks tray; she re-entered again concentrating on keeping the tray level and moved very carefully towards a small table inside the room. The tray was placed on it and their totally rubberized slave walked stiffly to the door and closed it, before returning to pick up the tray and move carefully towards the Master, Mistress and their guest. It was obvious to ‘S’ that they had made every physical action difficult and laborious rite for their slave. This was all part of the psychology of total dominance and their control of the will of their slave. Each task tested her to her limits. The maid stood silently awaiting for her owners and their guest to take the drinks. “S” noted the ritual; the slave was used constantly, and nothing was made easy for her.

The master turned to ‘S’ “You see, we have our own 24/7 slave whom we have had now for two years. She is, as you no doubt have noted, completely rubberised and always at our beck and call. We keep her gagged most of the time; today she has an inflatable, not a breathe-through; it’s only removed when she is being fed in her own cell or when she is not either being used or undergoing training. She is constantly reminded of her position not only by her rubberisation but by being fettered at all times. We are pleased with the way she is responding to our continuing strict training. Of course our expectations are always ahead of her best efforts, so she is constantly punished. We shall have to punish her for her over familiarity with you, our guest, within the last hour, once this occasion is over”. Turning to the slave he addressed her. “We enjoy that don’t we slave?” A mute nod of the helmeted head confirmed the question. Their chastened slave moved slowly out of the room.

Drinks were taken and they chatted for some time “S” had to give a short life history and how she had come to meet her Master; how she had come to love latex, how she realised her deep masochistic feelings and her journey towards this event and finally to her arrival as their guest.

Once this was completed the Master rang a small bell and their muted slave returned and escorted The Master, Mistress and ‘S’ to the dining room. Thus ‘S’ last evening meal as a free woman was taken. The meal was served by their slave who when all was in place, moved to one side and stood stiffly to attention, waiting to be of further service. She remained like this for the entire duration of the meal apart from serving the group as the meal progressed. Once finished they all returned to the sitting room and enjoyed coffee and cognac.

“Our slaves have prepared your bed. You will tonight relax and enjoy your last night of freedom”. Seeing “S’s “surprise at the mention of “slaves” The Mistress explained that they had two; the first a male, had been under training for 5 years, and was now highly trained. Continuing, she went on; “I’ve instructed our female slave to wake you at 5am so you can share the early morning ritual. You will dress in the same suit and accoutrements and present yourself to us after you have eaten your last breakfast as a free woman. We will speak again tomorrow. We have enjoyed this evening, now off to bed!”

Selena knelt in front of the Master and Mistress, bowed low and kissed their boots. Addressing their slave they called her over. “Show our guest to her room and help her get ready for bed, then return for further instructions!”

Selena now completely naked pulled the cool latex sheets over her head and stretched out feeling very much the new girl at the strict boarding school and very exposed. She was not enjoying the freedom of being naked. Lying quietly for some time and reflecting on all that had happened during her long day she was thankful that finally she was at the threshold of her new life. She whispered into the cell like room, “Come zephyr of sleep cradles my weary bones and let the vapours of this magical material carry me to Elysian Fields,” turned over and was in moments, fast asleep. Unbeknown to ‘S’ her every sound and movement was being monitored and recorded by the hidden surveillance equipment.
