---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/trials_slave_victoria2.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Trials of Slave Victoria - Part 2
authors:
- Slave Victoria
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- bond
- leather
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Trials of Slave Victoria**](trials_slave_victoria.html))

Trials of Slave Victoria - Part 2 by Slave Victoria M/f; D/s; bond; leather; cage; cons; X

He told me he had some things he had to do and he would
be back later. He wanted me to get
some rest. After a long hard kiss,
he gagged me with a penis gag. He
asked, “Will you be alright for a while, Slave?”
I shook my head yes. After
awhile I fell asleep waiting for Master’s return…

**Part 2**

I awoke to the smell of food and came to find out it was
morning. Master had returned with
a nice breakfast of egg, bacon, orange juice, and toast.
He asked if I needed to go to the bathroom.
Of course I did after several hours of “rest.”
I nodded my head yes.

He
instructed me not to move or make a sound.
Then he undid some of my bindings, freeing my legs and ankles. He took
one leg at a time and stretched them out gently massaging to help the blood
flow properly. He explained that
he did not plan to leave me there so long, but when he periodically checked on
me I was sleeping soundly from the exhaustion of the days activities.

After getting the tingles out of my legs Master removed the ropes from
my hands and arms. Doing the same
with them as he did with my legs. Then
he carefully removed the gag and allowed me to move my mouth to remove any
stiffness in my jaw.

Now he helped me to my feet.
As I stood silently he untied the rope from around my waist and through
my crotch, allowing the dildo to be released from my very wet pussy.
He attached the leash to my collar and led me outside so that I could
relive myself. He then led me back
into the cabin.

He placed me standing in the corner and told me to wait
for him to return. I could hear
him moving things around and in no time he was back for me.
He led me to the center of the cabin where he had placed a large pile
of pillows. He asked me to sit on
them and helped me get comfortable.

Master
asked, “Slave? Are you
hungry?” I nodded yes.

He placed my hands in my lap and then sat next to me.
He allowed me to rest my body against his.
Next he told me to open my mouth. Over
the next half hour he fed me breakfast and gave me sips of orange juice to
help wash it down. It was
delicious.

When breakfast was over he helped me stand and returned
me to my corner and again told me to wait.
I heard him move the pillows and the dishes from breakfast.
Then I heard the sound of chains and the metal cuffs hit the floor.

Master came to the corner and grabbed my leash.
He lead me to the center of the cabin again.
It felt like I was walking on towels when I got there.
He stopped me and removed my leather ankle restraints and replaced them
with the steel ankle cuffs.

Then
he moved me so that I was standing in an empty plastic tub.
It was about 3ft. in diameter and about 2ft. deep.
He then removed my wrist restraints and replaced them with steel cuffs
as well. He then chained them
spread out to hooks he placed in the ceiling.
Next he removed my collar and replaced it with a thin steel locking
collar and ran a chain from one wrist to the collar and then to the other
wrist. Another chain went from the
collar to a hook directly above me.

Now he had me spread my feet to the edges of the plastic
tub, allowing him just enough room to hook a spreader bar between my ankles.
This caused the chains on my collar and wrists to tighten and not allow
much movement at all and also left me very exposed from all angles.

He left me standing there while he poured gallons of warm
water in the tub around my feet. Then
he took a sponge and began to wet my body with it.
I felt him start to rub soap on my body washing off all the sweat and
oil from the day before. His hands
started caressing my bottom. Lovingly
he moved his hands up my back, between my shoulder blades, and over my brand
that that marks me forever as his slave.

His
hands slowly move over to my breasts. He
playfully pinches my engorged nipples. Then
he takes the sponge and rinses off the soap.
Now he cleanses my pussy and erect clit.
Playing with my clit until I have just about reached orgasm.
He tells me to cum and I must. I
don’t delay. I must please my
Master.

He finishes washing and
rinsing me. Removing my blindfold
with instructions to keep my eyes closed he makes sure every inch of me is
clean. Then he releases me from my
chains and spreader bar. He helps
me out of the tub and gently dries me off.
He leads me to a table where he has placed a variety of items that I
could wear.

Now he allows me to open my eyes.
He instructs me to carefully examine the items he has laid out for me.
It is my job to choose what I want to wear.
He tells me to choose wisely. Little
did I know that they would be the only things I could wear for the next 36
hours… but that’s another story.

Watch for PART 3 coming soon!

19.03.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
