---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: All Rubber Domination
authors:
- RubberDoll Unit 19
tags:
- Solo-M
- F+-m
- D-s
- latex
- bra
- panties
- mc
- cond
- enslave
- enclosure
- bodymod
- rubberdoll
- oral
- mast
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2007-11-02 00:00:00
---

I'd like to thank Lady Victoria, Lady Leila, Sir (You know who You are ) and specially Steffy the Rubberdoll for inspiration and serving as guidelines as for me becoming also a rubber doll. Unit19

He walked into the clean store, apprehensive on what to expect. It's his first time on such a fetish store, on vacations away from home, and finally, expecting to indulge on his fetish after a lifetime of shame and self-prejudice.

"Hello, can I help you?", the clerk said in a welcoming smile, of someone way too used to this situation for her taste. She could spot a closeted rubberist a mile away, and they all said the same... wait, wait... ah, here it comes: "I'm just browsing", he said. She smiled and decided to give him some room to pick whatever he wanted, pay, and rush out before she could say goodbye.

Nervous, he started to wander into the deepest corridors, the ones with a stronger smell of raw industrial rubber items. Full body catsuits, doll suits, torpedo tits, everything made his mind race, and his cock harden inside his pants. Without noticing, his progress was being followed by a hidden camera on the ceiling, and inside the manager's office by the owner himself. He smiled; following the visitor first, to make sure this is a good candidate for the training.

He kept roaming the cabinets and hangers, until stopping on a dark metal cabinet, with some of the most extreme items on the shop inside. Kept apart from the rest, in a implicit warning to take care with what you wish for. A full doll suit, with electric stimulation devices, fake pussy and sheathed anal openings. Extreme ballet heeled boots, locked over the legs. A very strict, bizarre looking corset, with mechanical, clockwork-like devices that seemed to have been designed to lock, but never unlock, and keep pressing. None of the items had a price tag, they were all in display, for anyone to touch and feel. His hands caressed it all, on a dream-like state, rubbing the fingers in and out of every shiny wet hole. The owner decided it was time to come down from His room, and he told the clerk she could take the rest of the day out. When the visitor came back with a few simple inexpensive items, it was the owner who greeted him, a tall slim guy, dressed in a very androgynous way in rubber.

"I'm happy you have made your selection. Was there anything you'd like that you couldn't find?", the owner asked in a sweet but dominating voice.

"Uh... no", was the reply, as a shaking hand was offering a credit card, in a sign he didn't want this contact to last any further.
The owner proceeded with the payment, and placed all items inside a simple box, without any signs it came from the fetish store, but he also added a bonus gift, knowing someone like that would never resist trying it on... and that's all he needed to happen. And then, he would have his doll candidate. Or better yet, Madame Felicia would. The visitor barely noticed the perverted nature of the smile, but couldn't help feeling turned on by it.

He got back to his hotel room without trouble. He jumped in the first cab, and just passed on the address and asked the driver to hurry. The driver, knowing better than anyone, just drove to the hotel, knowing there was another pervert who was dying to try on something he'd just bought. He just paid the driver twice what he asked, without looking, and rushed into his hotel room, as if everyone could see what was inside the plain, brown box he was just carrying. After that, he threw the box on his bed, and stripped naked. He closed all windows and curtains, and made sure the door was locked, and no one would come in.

He was alone now, finally, for the most waited moment.
He opened the box, and took out the items he got on the shop. He got a pair of gloves, a tube of silicone lube, a latex hood and panties with a bra. All in simple, black rubber. But, there was an additional item in the box. A special set of pussy panties, made from very thick rubber, in skin tone. Inside, there was a rubber cock sheath for his cock and balls to go in, along with a rubber tube-like plug, which would go in his anus. Inside, the lining was all red rubber, outside, skin tone, with a very pink pussy, which, he imagined, would caress his cock, once penetrated by someone.

His cock, which was already straining with excitement, almost jumped from touching it. He took this item before any other one, and lubed it profusely. Then, he stopped for a second; this is just like the same rubberdoll outfit he saw on the shop. What if a clerk got fired from that mistake? This looks like something very expensive. "Well, I can always use it for a bit, and return it later saying it was a mistake. After I wash, who's going to know?" he said to himself.

He proceeded lubing it, and slide it between his legs, guiding every bit to his well fucked ass, already fit by years of lonely dildo play, and his cock and balls into the sheath, which brought him so close to an orgasm, he had to stop for a second, before finishing. This was a dream. He looked at himself on the mirror, and smiled at his smooth appearance. Carelessly, he put on the bra and the gloves, forgetting about the boring, regular panties, really giving room to the idea of keeping those, this is not harming anyone, and it's their problem if they mistakenly placed extra things on his order. It's a big fetish line of stores all over the world anyway. Who's going to miss these panties anyway?
The idea of traveling with these on, of not taking them off, was starting to set in, and turn him on even further. He needed these on... it felt so right and delicious.

He finished dressing in a hurry, and started to stroke his new pussy with one of his favorite vibrating dildoes. The vibration started to play its way on his hard cock, which was soaking the cock sheath with his precum, which oozed down from the pussy lips, revealing there is a connection between both. He was moaning louder and louder, wishing someone was there to dominate him, to make him into a bitch, a slut. His hands crawled into his toy bag, and retrieved another dildo, which he shoved into his new rubber ass. The dildo did slide in, as the first one, and he started riding both like a whore in heat. His nipples, sensitive to the new latex around them, were adding to his pleasure, as his cock grew closer and closer to an orgasm, that didn't come now, because something on these wonderful panties, was managing to slow it down. Whenever he was close to an orgasm, his cock went a bit numb and tight, only to give him room to start riding again, a higher ladder.

Back at the office, the shop owner was smiling at a small remote on his hands, playing with two levers and watching the numbers appear on the liquid crystal screen. He smiled at the invisible game being played. He was having way too much fun with this. So, why not go all the way? With that in mind, and a wicked smile, he pressed a 8 digit code on the console and entered the numbers with a sounding beep.

He was growing closer and closer to a climax, but again, he was frustrated at that. His body was drenched in sweat, after almost an hour of effort; ramming the fat dildoes in and out his new love holes. He'd never felt so good, and had so much pleasure in his entire life, loving every second of his new rubber life. His moans were echoing down the hall, but in lower season, there was no one to complain about it.

He was like a complete rubber slut now, wishing there was someone to fuck her like this, and use her like in all the rubber stories she reads, and all the virtual Doms and Dommes she has. Somewhere in the pleasure, she starts seeing her as a girl, with a mouth, an ass and a sweet rubber pussy to be fucked relentlessly by these rubber invaders. She was so close, SO CLOSE.... Suddenly, an intense wave of pleasure started to fill her, her whole pelvis, her cock, her ass, were burning with a steaming hot pleasure. She shot her cum inside her rubber sheath, and it started drooling out her pussy lips, feeling like a man was fucking her and was now leaving his juices in her. Her screams were audible all over the building, but ceased right after, as she collapsed, a girlish guttural scream, made from the unique pleasure rubber can give.

As she passes out on the floor, she fails to realize the panties are really warming up, and some faint sounds can be heard from inside of it, as well as a faint chemical smell in the air. Madame Felicia smiles joyfully, on the other side of the city.

The slut woke up completely spent from the orgasm. She cleaned the drool over her lips, and got a glass of water to drink. She looked down at the mess she made, the furs from the carpet floor sticking to her sweaty body. She should take a shower, and clean up, but a sudden desire to pee flooded her body. She ran to the toilet faster than she could think, and tried to remove the panties, but even if she could clearly see the color difference between the rubber and her skin, she couldn't find the opening. She felt with her fingernails, hunting for any slack to pull the panties off, but none couldn't be found. Before she could even think about it, she just knew she HAD to pee, and let go of the thick stream of yellow liquid, that came down from between her legs. She smiled, somewhat thanking the fact the cock sheath had a connection to the rubber pussy. But it was weird that she couldn't find their opening.

She stripped off the gloves and panties, and stepped into the shower, again, looking for the opening, but she gave up as the warm water was just too good, and she couldn't help but caress the slick rubber pussy lips under the stream of soapy water. She was marveled at how good the pink rubber pussy lips looked on her skin, the skin-toned shiny latex. Her mind raced at the idea of her whole body being covered in that, with gigantic rubber boobs, and being nothing but a slut doll to please others. She started feeling lustful again, but her cock didn't get hard. Instead, much precum started to flow down her pussy lips. She started to shove her fingers in her rubber pussy, when suddenly, she came back to reality, the panties weren't coming off, she couldn't even feel the sheath between her shecock and the rubber pussy walls.

Scared, she raced off the shower, and to the bed. She tried from all openings; find a way to have the panties ease from her body. She imagined some kind of glue was keeping it against her skin, but she would have noticed that while putting it on, the red rubber was just instead, well lubed, shiny and smooth.
She decided to head back to the shop, when she noticed it should be closed at this time. It was past midnight, and there was a huge fetish party in town.

She sat on the bed, frowning, when she noticed a small black card; with a phone number written in white letters in it. As she touched it, a strange pleasure started to flood her body, coming obviously from the panties. It was nothing like she felt before, no vibrations or movements, just something that reminded her of an electric current, working directly into her pleasure points, making her moan. She still wasn't getting hard, but she was horny, and again, leaving a sweet smelling trail of precum on the bed. She got the hotel phone, and after getting an outside line, she dialed in the number.

Madame Felicia's cell phone rang, and she smiled. She turned the call off, just for fun.
The slut got the busy sign on her ear, and the pleasure coming from her panties was starting to become quite overwhelming. Like a slut, she dialed in the number again, almost moaning on each number, working it as a purely erotic gesture.

Madame Felicia saw the number again on her display. This time, she accepted the call. "Hello slut", Madame said.

The slut on the other side, started caressing her rubber pussy, moaning like a bitch in heat, rolling on the bed, with the phone glued to her ear, like a source of infinite pleasure. "Hmmmmmmmmm, hello", she answered.

"That's not a proper reply, slut. You should ALWAYS address me as Madame, Madame Felicia or Mistress", and Madame hung up the phone.

The busy sound hit her slut ears like a bullwhip, making her feel desperately eager to please. She dialed the number, unaware of the strangeness of those emotions flooding her, as the lust played her mind in all the correct places. Busy again. She needed that voice, she couldn't be without that voice, as that voice deepened the pleasure in ways she couldn't describe in words, but was unlike anything she felt before.

She dialed again, fast this time, no erotic grace on dialing. Madame Felicia accepted it once more.
"Hello slut..." Madame said.

"Hello Madame Felicia...", slut said, almost purring on the other side in sheer submissive pleasure.

"Well slut, I see you've found my gift in your box, and you have tried it on. Do you enjoy my gift, slut?" Madame said, as she raised a lever on her control, knowing precisely what the result is.

"Yessssssssssssss Madame Felicia... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh", she purred.

"Good girl... come back to the shop. You'll walk down a back alley and will ring a buzzer on a heavy metal door on the warehouse. You won't tell anyone where you're going, just leave the keys on the hotel reception as usual. I'm expecting you in 30 minutes, don't be late or there will be punishments". Madame hung up.

A peak of pleasure has the slut moaning again, as some white cum falls from her pussy on the floor. She instinctively touches it, and another wave of pleasure takes her before she can realize it, making her feel she should like it. She savors every drop of her own cum, until her rubber pussy is wiped clean that way. Then, she stands and dresses herself, in her ugly boy clothes, and goes out the door. She leaves the keys at the reception, and calls in for a cab. As she instructs the driver, the hotel people see the vehicle disappear on the dark, rainy night. They only noticed a different sway on that guest's hips, and a more feminine tone of voice and walk. But again, many people are this weird when they come to Amsterdam.

**Part Two - Slut Doll Unit19**

It was cold and raining, by the time slut reached her destination. The buzzer was a white square, calling the whole attention in a completely dark wall, something even more noticeable in this dark, rainy night. Slut reached for the buzzer, pressing it lightly, her breathing becoming heavy and labored. The heavy metal door opened sliding sideways, powered by some electric motor, showing the way into a very dark room. Slut walked in, uncertain of what to expect, when it closed behind her, and fluorescent blinked failing over her wet body. Her rubber pussy started warming up, asking for a very special and needy caress... she knew this being for her Mistress was close by now.

At every step forward, the scent of rubber filled her nostrils more and more. Something inside of her made her shiver with pleasure, as now some gooey white stuff started running down her legs. An irresistible urge to strip came to her, and so she did, walking forward naked but for her new shiny rubber pussy panties, that were now a living part of her body, oozing the white cum-like liquid on the floor.

The corridor ended in a descending stairway, spiraling downwards into darkness, only the occasional light from a few emergency bulbs placed in the walls, gave it the feeling of a bunker built during the war, to protect against the constant air-raids the city might have suffered someday. The steps echoed on the darkness alongside the dripping of water, and some wetness coming from the walls. Sometimes, slut would come across some water pouring out of the naked concrete walls, giving a perfect idea of desolation and loneliness, which only made her rubber pussy ache more for desire for her Mistress. The staircase ended in a concrete tunnel, that must be some 15m deep inside the grounds of the store. The smell of rubber only got stronger now. The tunnel goes one way, with several heavy steel doors on each side, numbered from 1 to 12, being the one on the deep end, wide open, and some light inside.

Slut knew her Mistress and Owner was there, and took more certain steps. The white goo from her pussy, starting to cover her legs now, and run down a drain on running along the wall, and carried down along with the rainwater pouring from the ground into this industrial dungeon.

"Welcome, slut!", the door from Madame Felicia came hard and live from the last door. The sheer sound of that, made slut gush some more white cum on the floor and kneel right there, almost reaching a non-allowed orgasm. Her legs shivered at the first real sight of her Mistress. The light from the room surpassed that of the dim-lit corridor, making only the outline of Madame Felicia clear, a very tall, slender, rubber creature in front of her, shiny in blackness with huge breasts, and extremely narrow waistline. Her feet ended clearly in 6" high heels, and her head, in a ponytail of extremely long rubber strands.

She moved closer to the kneeling slut, smiling while Her form became clear in the corridor, her whole body a shiny curvy mass of rubber, Her aroma invading slut's nostrils and making her dizzy. She stops facing slut, rubbing the 12" hard rubber cock on slut's lips... the only part of the body that denies the full female figure, in a very distinctive way, by being larger and more succulent than any male cock could ever be, making Mistress a creature from dreams and nightmares.

Slut instinctively opened her mouth, accepting the monster intruder with difficulty. Her jaw muscles instantly ached, but the gigantic cock started oozing a special lube all over it's black surface, a serum that made slut's mouth start to water, and make her hungry for it, despite it's strong cum-like taste and smell. Mistress smiled at Her sissy slave's puzzled face, knowing this is the first time she tastes real cock.

Mistress enjoyed this for as long as She could notice, knowing now slut was in pain, but not letting go, not able to even think of letting go, intoxicated by Her powerful juices. This would really make a fine slut for Her collection. Mistress forces her hard rubber cock more and more down the slut's throat, seeing her gag, but forcing her to get used to it, while moaning hard, enjoying the pleasures of a virgin mouth and throat, that would soon be fully coated in rubber, and dilated to handle even bigger toys and cocks. Mistress started to look forward to the changes on slut's body, imagining her waist training, high heel training, and how extreme to take the slut this time. This should be a special work... her big rubber balls started jiggling from the motion, feeling very hard and very full, making a huge amount of the special juice all her sluts have to be introduced to very early, and which made them such special sluts, while Mistress moaned in dark pleasure.

Slut was gagging constantly over the gigantic cock, but every time she felt like pulling back, a gentle heavy rubber gloved hand would come support the back of her head, and force her chin to meet Mistress's balls. Slut was lost on her own lust, feeling the head of the cock touching the back of the throat, but interestingly, she doesn't feel like throwing up, as her gag reflex fades away with every trust, and her own rubber pussy feeling rigid and wanting for that same hard rubber cock to invade it. Weird images of piss and cum covered bodies invaded her mind, her own body just a cum receptacle for others, for many perfect rubber bodies surrounding her, Madame Felicia fucking her relentlessly over and over again.

Madame Felicia, lost in Her own dreams and objectives for slut, caressed the short boyish hair, smiling at the idea of the bald rubber head that was to be born, permanently transformed for Her amusement, a doll to be dressed. Yes, slut would become a doll, a very perfect rubber slut doll, who would feed on cum, and find it's join on the abuse by anyone willing to humiliate and cause sheer pain on her rubbery body. What a prospect, and slut was proving to be much interested in it as well, from the way she sucked with such wanton desire. Mistress's balls were twice as large now, and really causing a pleasurable pain to Her body, a strain that made her legs rigid, her breasts requiring the constant care of her rubber fingers, and her buttocks clench, as she shot a HUGE load of hot, rubbery white cum, directly down to slut's throat. Slut's reflex, was to let go, but something in the cock locked her lips around the very base, where she could swear the balls touching her chin were very hot, smelled wonderfully of rubber, and were shrinking in size, as her tummy started filling up with the juice.

Madame Felicia let the cock slide out slut's mouth, and took a step behind, looking at the filled tummy slut facing her. Slut's eyes were wide opened, the cock-juice starting to have it's inebriating effect on her body. Her rubber pussy stopped oozing the white cum-like substance, and slut's arms were rigid at her sides, while she instinctively parted her kneeling legs, leaving her rubber clit widely exposed. Her pink pussy lips, begging for attention, and slut's mouth, open in a wide O, some of the white rubbery cum sliding off it's side. Mistress bent down, and started rubbing slut's tummy, which was extremely rigid and distended, puffed like a balloon to three times it's normal size, like she had just swallowed a couple of very large basket balls. Slut was frozen, the juices working their way into her body, into her bloodstream, into her mind. Slut herself, was floating in ether, Mistress standing in front of Her, and wave after wave of submissive pleasure washing over her, not wanting anything more than to feel that feeling forever.

Mistress walked to a nearby buzzer, and pressed it.

"Come fetch the new slut, and take her to the womb", Mistress Felicia said, leaving the corridor towards the staircase and going back up.

Minutes flowed like seconds to slut, when two doll like creatures walked in, with a cartwheel, moved close to her. They were similar to Mistress, just bald, and with less than 17" waistlines, and ballet heels, with thick shiny steel collars locked around their necks. First, the all black one on the left, with "Prissy" written on red shiny ruby-like stones on her silvery metal collar, came over and placed a black shiny rigid posture collar on slut, with "Missy" written on it, on yellow stones, around slut's neck. Prissy's body was all shiny black, but the shocking red of her huge lips. Slut instantly feel a rush of pleasure fill her, with an electric buzz running down her spine. She now couldn't even move her eyes, which now were constantly open, along with her mouth, just her tongue now protruded.

Then, another doll, all made in white shiny, with "Sissy" on her white collar with black stones, helped Prissy move the rigid kneeling Missy into the cart, and then, both rolled her into the opened door that first displayed Mistress's figure a couple of hours ago. Once inside, Missy could witness a full array of industrial and medical looking equipment surrounding an egg-shaped crater, the size of an old refrigerator. Sissy inserted her rubber cock, which was 10" large at least, and as shiny as Mistress's inside a pussy-like opening the console machine, and let out a moan, as the egg parted, showing inside a human form to hold someone in exactly Missy's position. The walls seemed to be made from shiny pink rubber, and both dolls with their shiny bodies, helped Missy into it, her back against one half, feeling it very shiny and slippery. Prissy came closer, and with her over-inflated red blow-job lips, she kissed Missy's forehead, and Sissy moaned once more, taking her huge dildo-like cock off the console, dripping white cum on the floor. While Prissy knelt by Sissy's feet to lick the floor and Sissy's cock clean, Missy felt the egg close.

As the two halves closed, making the walls increase the pressure against Missy's body. She felt a very large cock device force itself against her mouth, and forcing itself in, moving all the way, crawling slowly and slippery down her throat into her tummy, and then, inflating just above the ball of white cum still resting deep inside of her. The same happened with her pussy and her ass, opening her ass up painfully, but also, causing her much pleasure. Her opened eyes experienced darkness only for a brief moment. As the crushing rubber walls adjusted to her body, the piercing pain of needles shot into her nipples, and she started feeling all invaders start a pumping action, making fluids start running all over her body, in and out constantly, while a screen popped to live in front of her eyes, buzzing her with images of Mistress, Sissy and Prissy having rubber bizarre parties, bizarre outfits, bizarre games, all slutty, all horny. And Mistress's voice, ringing on unseen speakers, starting to indoctrinate the new slut.

"You're Slut! You're a RubberDoll! Your body is changed by me, into a cum eating and cum producing rubber unit. You have no name. You have just a code. You're Missy. You're not a man, nor a woman, you're a cum eating and producing rubber slut doll! RUBBER SLUT DOLL! YOU SERVE ALL! NO DOESN'T EXIST! ONLY YES MASTER! ONLY YES MISTRESS! YOU'RE Missy! YOU LIVE TO SUCK! YOU LIVE TO BE FUCKED!! YOU'RE A SLUT RUBBER DOLL UNIT! YOU'RE A SLUT CUM EATING CUM PRODUCING RUBBER CUM SLUT SEX DOLL UNIT! REPEAT!"

Missy started repeating those chants on her mind, absorbing everything as a sponge. As a rubber doll slut unit she is becoming. The huge dildoes in her mouth, ass and rubber pussy, shoot more and more hypnotic cum into her, making the indoctrination complete.

Surrender to this. As this rubber doll cum slut unit did.

End of Part II.
