---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/rubber_baroness4.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The Rubber Baroness 4
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- F/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- torment
- slaves
- corset
- party
- MF/mf
- oral
- reluct/nc
- X
date: 2009-09-10 00:00:00
---

continued from [part three](rubber_baroness3.html)

**Part Four**

The Baroness took Alice to the bedroom where number eight and number
twelve were waiting. They in turn, took Alice to the bathroom where she was
prepared for the evening.

A warm, refreshing bath enveloped Alice, and she closed her eyes; feeling
the warm water caress her body. Then she felt one of the rubberslaves taking a
handful of her hair.

'SNIP' came the sound of a pair of scissors. 'SNIP..SNIP.SNIP' Alice heard
as her hair was being cut off! She tried to get out of the tub, but number eight
had gotten in and had pinned down her arms and legs.

Alice wanted to cry out, but would it have helped? The rubberslave
continued cutting until only a fraction of an inch of hair remained on her head.
Then shaving cream was applied and an old-fashioned straight razor glided across
Alice's head. In minutes, she was completely bald!

number eight released Alice, and exited the tub. Alice could now see
herself in the full-length mirror of the bathroom.

Alice was removed from the tub, dried, and coated with a sweet smelling
lotion over every inch of her body, except for her head. number eight took
some sort of plugs and pressed them into Alice's ears. number twelve took a
thick rubber hood and began to pull it over Alice’s head. The rubber pressed
her ears tightly against her head, nearly crushing them and pushing the plugs
in further. The hood was seamless but her face was uncovered.

Alice could hear nothing except a small humming from the earplugs. Then
suddenly, a sharp, piercing sound came. It was loud and Alice felt as if her
head was splitting open! She reached for the hood to try to pull it off, but the
hood had been coated in Adhesive A.

Alice writhed in agony as the sound grew louder and higher in pitch. She
screamed as she began to lose consciousness. But then, the sound stopped. Alice
slowly began to gain her senses as she lay on the floor of the bathroom.

The Baroness stood in the doorway. "You have not yet finished your
studies of rubbersex to my satisfaction. Although you have given yourself to me,
you must be properly trained. That is why you will wear the Punishment Hood for
the next three months."

All Alice could do was to sit in stunned silence. Why would the Baroness
do this to her? Didn't she agree to be the Baroness' lesbian rubberslave?

Then Alice understood. The Baroness was using her control over her, to
make sure that she knew her place. Alice had thought that by telling the
Baroness that she loved her, life would not be so harsh. The Baroness however,
was not a fool and would not let her heart be swayed so easily.

"All that you will be allowed to hear, will come from the plugs that have
been installed in your ears. My commands will be sent through those devices.
There are only a couple of other types of sounds that you will be allowed to
hear; white noise, and ....."

The ear-splitting sound came through the earplugs again. Alice cried out
"Please, Mistress. I'll do anything. Please stop!"

The Baroness touched a button on her watch and the noise ceased. A press
of another button produced white noise. A third button opened the Baroness'
microphone .

'You see, I can control everything you hear while no one next to you can
tell that you are inundated with severe high-frequency sounds; several hundred
decibels higher than the human brain can take for extended periods."

The Baroness then turned and walked out of the bathroom. "Come in here and
get dressed for the party."

Alice staggered into the bedroom where an outfit had been selected for
her. First, a tight rubber corset was laced onto her. It was made of a bright
blue rubber. number eight held her while number twelve secured the corset.
Alice's now very sensitive breasts were held up and pushed out by the corset.
which gave her an exaggerated hour-glass shape Her nipples were uncovered and
could be clearly seen by anyone who came near her.

Bright pink rubber stockings were pulled up Alice's legs and attached to
the garter belt built into the corset. Matching pink rubber gloves went up her
arms until they reached her shoulders. Unlike the gloves she first wore, these
were very thin and flexible. Still they were nearly impossible to remove, even
if she dared to try to take them off.

Blue rubber ankle boots were next. They had only a three inch heel but
Alice noticed that they were extremely heavy, as if lead weights had been
added. She could walk, but she would begin to tire after several yards.

Then came a calf-length skirt- if you could call it that. It too, was
bright blue rubber and was cut so that Alice's rear was completely exposed. The
front was slit from the bottom to nearly the top so that if she would try to
sit down, the skirt would open, exposing her pussy to all.

Alice looked a herself in the mirror. If it wasn't for the Punishment
Hood, she would be rather sexy looking. Then again, the hood added to the erotic
effect. She began to stroke herself; letting herself become more and more
aroused.

"Naughty slave" shouted the Baroness, and the Punishment Hooded Alice held
her head in agony. "I'll let you know when you can have sexual pleasure."

The sound stopped and Alice crawled over to the Baroness. "Forgive me
Mistress. I couldn't help myself. You made me look so sexy."

"Oh ,so it's My fault you are such a slut?"

"No Mistress. It's my fault that I..."

"You're what?..."

"A sslluuttt." stammered Alice. She was ashamed at what she said but she
knew that's what the Baroness was expecting her to say.

"What else?"

"A..a..." Alice saw the Baroness reach towards the control button.

"A whore.... a rubber whore." she tried to think of something else to say.
"and a .."

"That's enough for now. " smiled the Baroness "Now get up and my
rubberslaves will finish getting you ready."

As Alice stood up, number eight began to attach a spreader bar to
Alice's ankles. It was about two feet in length. Then a second, shorter bar was
secured to her legs just above her knees. The cuffs that attached the bars were
padlocked closed.

Unlike some of the spreader bars that bondage enthusiasts commonly use,
these had a unique difference. A ball joint connected the bars to the
restraining cuffs. This allowed Alice to move her legs up and down and back and
forth. She would be able to walk and even climb stairs. The only thing she
couldn't do was to close her legs together. The rubber skirt parted,
displaying her uncovered pussy. As she could not close her legs, she had to
walk 'bow-legged'.

The Baroness inspected Alice carefully. Her rubber gloved hands stroked
the exposed rear and her fingers began to probe the opening.

"Yes" the Baroness chuckled, "You're widening very nicely, but not too
much. "

The Baroness went over to a jewelry box and removed two gold nipple caps.
She brought the first one over to Alice's left breast. She pushed down on the
button in the center of the cap and a spring-loaded clamp opened. She placed it
onto Alice's nipple, and released the button. The serrated clamp gently grabbed
the tender flesh and pulled it up into the cap.

The Baroness did the same to the other nipple. Now Alice had two clamps
biting into her nipples. She instinctively grabbed them and tried to push the
release buttons, but the caps wouldn't budge... Adhesive A again! Then the
horrible noise entered her ears again.

As soon as Alice released her hold on the nipple caps, the sound
stopped. The Baroness quickly attached a set of gold chains to the caps . She
then gave the other end of the chains a tug.

"Come Alice, its time for the party." Alice felt the clamps dig harder
into her nipples as the Baroness pulled the chains. Alice then slowly began to
waddle behind her Mistress. The heavy boots and spreader bars impeded her
forward movement, but the nipple caps made sure that she didn't hesitate too
long.

The Baroness and Alice descended to the main floor of the castle in the
elevator. A rubber encapsulated couple met them.

The couple appeared to be a man and woman . They were both dressed in
matching black rubber catsuits and boots. Alice could not clearly see their
faces - they were wearing rubber gasmasks. The only thing that she could tell
was that the woman had blue eyes while the man's were brown.

"So how is your new addition doing Gretta?" came a muffled voice from the
woman

"This is Mistress Doctor Elke Ernstmayer." the Baroness said to Alice
through the earplugs, "and her husband, Master Doctor Kurt Ernstmayer."

Alice bowed her head as a token of respect. She didn't know if she should
say anything, or maintain her silence.

The woman took hold of Alice's breasts and began to fondle them. "Yes, I
think that this was my best work. She is pretty. I'm glad I didn't have to do
any of the usual facial reconstruction."

"Mistress Doctor Elke is the one who performs all the plastic surgery on
my rubberslaves." said the Baroness to Alice. " Master Doctor Kurt performs
other surgeries, like those done on number twelve."

Alice's eyes opened wide. THESE were the ones who put the implants in
number twelve and removed the cock, balls, and prostate.

The Baroness continued to talk to the couple. "She has been a bit
difficult, but I will break her of her remaining bad habits. By the way, where
is ‘blueballs’?"

"He's in the dining hall." said the man, "It's a bit difficult to have him
trail us around so we thought he should stay where everyone could have easy
access to him."

"Alice will get to see how creative you too can be.... Come slave." The
Baroness tugged the chains and directed Alice towards the ballroom.

When they entered the ballroom, Alice's eye opened wide in terror, and
arousal. There were about 40 people in the room, all dressed in rubber.

Besides the two doctors, there was a Mistress who turned her slave into a
living doll. Breast implants, a severe corset and plastic surgery on the
face, made the slave a dead ringer for a famous toy. The slave wore a pair of
boots that crushed her feet to a ridiculously small size.. too small to maintain
her balance, let alone walk. To fix that situation, a heavy metal base with a
steel frame was attached to the slave, keeping her upright and immobile.

A male slave had been totally covered in rubber and had his arms placed in
a molded rubber armbinder which went all the way to his shoulders. His chest was
thrust out and heavy gold rings had been set into his nipples and his cock. The
only opening that Alice could see in the rubber was the slave's mouth. When she
looked closely she could see that rubber wedges had been secured in the back of
his jaws, keeping them permanently open. Worst of all, all of his teeth had been
removed!

"This is a 'sucker' slave.", the Baroness said. "Its sole function is to
orally satisfy any and all Masters, 24 hours a day, every day, for the rest of
its life."

As Alice watched, a tall muscular man, dressed in a red rubber English
riding outfit undid the flap covering his cock. He then thrust it deep inside
the 'sucker's' mouth. The slave immediately began to suck the large organ and
continued until the man came. The slave took all of the cum into its mouth and
then swallowed. The 'sucker' began to stimulate the man's cock and balls again
until he came again. This continued until the man grew tired and withdrew his
cock from the slave's mouth.

No sooner than the man in the riding habit left, then the doctor took his
turn.

"So that its mouth is available at all times, the stomach and intestines
are filled to capacity with the nutrient you had been given when you were in
the rubber bag. An IV is occasionally used to keep it from dehydrating; although
all the cum it drinks should provide adequate liquids." said the Baroness.
During the course of the evening, each Master took turns with the 'sucker'
until they were satisfied. In addition, one of the Mistresses, who was dressed
in only in a latex hood and a rubber thong with a strap-on dildo, used him as well.

"I think you should now meet ‘blueballs’." said the Baroness, and she gave a sharp tug to the nipple caps.

Alice followed the Baroness into the dining hall. Kneeling on a large
serving tray, a male slave was facing away from the couple. Alice inspected the
slave as she was led around the table.

"I wonder what the Baroness said when she said the doctors were creative?"
thought Alice. "He doesn't look too...."

Alice was suddenly shocked by what she saw next. Looking down at his crotch, was a cock nearly a foot and a half long, and at least three inches
thick! But that was mild compared to the rest. The slave had a pair of balls the size of.... of... basketballs! What's
more, they were painted or dyed a bright baby blue!

"Impressive isn't it?" said the Baroness through the earplugs' microphone.
"And they're real... not implants. My friends have discovered a method of
enlarging the male sex organs to nearly any size possible. A side effect of the
drug turns the tissue blue.. hence his name. The only surgery performed on
‘blueballs’ was to insert a nylon mesh into the ball sac and anchor it to his
pubic bone. That way he cannot accidentally castrate himself."

Alice could only stare at ‘blueballs’ in disbelief. Why would anyone do this to someone?

Doctor Mistress Ernstmeyer laid her hand on Alice's rear. "You'd love to
suck on that monster cock wouldn't you?"

Alice looked at her, then at ‘blueballs’. No way could she ever get that
thing in her mouth! Even if she did, she'd choke to death!

The Doctor smiled. "Actually, we use a modified milking machine to relieve
him. His cum is used in our research; which we need liters every day. We also
drink it regularly."

"As you can see, he is in a lot of pain right now. We haven't milked him
in three days, and the pressure inside his balls will keep building until he is
in absolute torment. He can't even stand up because they are so heavy. The best
he can do is crawl on all fours. Before they burst, we will tell you slaves to
allow him to cum."

‘blueballs’ looked at Alice. He said nothing but she could see the pleading look in his eyes. She noticed that he was not bound like other rubberslaves. Why didn't he try to jerk himself off?

The Baroness tugged the chains and Alice followed her back into the
ballroom. The Baroness introduced Alice to the remainder of the party guests.

Alice noticed that one of these guests had been paying more attention to
her that the others. A woman, dressed in an all-white rubber catsuit, kept
watching her. She was the companion of the woman in the thong. Alice dared not
say anything to the Baroness, as this could be another 'test' to see if she was
being obedient.

"Are you comfortable?" asked the Baroness "Do you need to use the
toilet?"

Alice did have to go. The party had been going on for four hours, and
Alice's bladder was getting full. She nodded her head yes.

number eight was called over, and guided Alice to the nearest bathroom.
Alice did her business, and number eight cleaned her off.

number eight then went to get a fresh towel, as the other ones were
missing. Alice was by herself for the first time in several hours.

"Are you alone?" came a voice from the earplugs.

Alice turned around and saw the woman who had been watching her all
evening.

"Is anybody with you?" the woman said. She had somehow gained access to a
transmitter like the Baroness'.

Alice shook her head no.

"You English?"

"American." replied Alice, hesitantly. She hoped this wasn't a trick.

The woman reached down and pulled something out of her boot, like a thin
billfold. She opened it and a badge and ID card was inside.

"I am Inspector Marie Duchamp. I am working undercover to solve a
smuggling operation. I saw that the Baroness has captured you, and I wanted to
help you escape."

Alice was suspicious. This was too good to be true. "Where's your backup?
Can you get me out of here now?"

"No." said Marie. "This is a deep undercover operation. My only contact
is back in Paris. I'm afraid I went a lot deeper than I thought I would."

"How did you get here?, Alice asked.

Marie sheepishly smiled, "I stumbled upon the Baroness' operations by
accident. I started sleeping with one of her friends, and for the last three
months I've been coming to these little events with her."

"So you're a lesbian pervert too?" Alice retorted.

"Just doing my duty." Marie replied tersely "The cow I let screw me will
get lots of prison time once I'm through here. And the Baroness is the prize in
this operation."

"What about me?"

"I can try to get you out of here tonight. But that means you'll have to
testify in court. You're the best evidence that the Baroness is into white
slavery and smuggling."

Alice's heart was pounding in her chest. Tonight!

"What do I have to do?"

"I'll be leaving the party at about midnight. My dyke friend will be
too drunk to notice... plus I'll put a little something in her drink that should
make sure she is out. When I bring the car around to the kitchen door, you get
into it."

"How am I going to get to the kitchen?" asked Alice. "The Baroness is
keeping too close a watch on me."

"You got here didn't you?" said Marie. "I'll do the same thing I did
tonight; I'll stash the towels so that rubber thing will have to leave you
alone. You walk out this door and turn right. Go straight back until you get to
the kitchen. The kitchen slaves won't stop you, as they aren't trained for that
sort of thing. I'll make sure the door's unlocked."

"Then what?" asked Alice.

"We keep driving until I can get you to a safe place. I'll call my contact
and he'll get us an escort to Paris. Then we let the law take its course."

Just then number eight entered the bathroom with fresh towels. Marie
pretended to fix her hair. As she left the bathroom she gave Alice a slight nod.
Alice returned it.
