---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Amber’s Misfortune1
authors:
- Gagged Utopia
tags:
- Sbf
- M-f
- bondage
- kidnap
- n-c
- XX
date: 2002-07-22 00:00:00
---

Amber's Misfortune,
My Gain - Part 1
by Gagged Utopia

Introduction of Amber

Amber was a student attending the state University. Currently however,
she was keeping herself busy with her summer job working as a waitress
at a local pub. She seemed to enjoy her job, or at least tolerated it with
a smile. I always enjoyed looking at her beautiful body; it was very athletic
and toned. He nice round large breasts, I almost couldn’t control myself
as I would dream of new ways to torture them. In fact, many times that
was my reason for leaving the small pub.

She was always very pleasant and would talk about her studies at the
university. I learned that she wanted to become an accountant and possibly
later on own her own business. However, all I could ever think about was
how she would be of so much more use under my control. I must admit, it
was not her intellect that I was interested in. Since she was a young girl,
she was very naive of the world and as most young people are. They will
trust just about anybody with anything, including the fact that she was
heading out of town to surprise her boyfriend who worked in a nearby state.

“Gee, wouldn’t it be a shame if she never made it there” I thought to
myself after hearing of this. I couldn’t imagine why such a beautiful girl
wouldn’t have left her boyfriend and found somebody new here. As I watch
her from the corner booth that I often sit at, and I see a dozen men try
and pick her up a night. I always sat away from the crowds that came in,
but so I wouldn’t arouse suspicion, I always have a lot of paperwork from
“work” that I am always reading.

Preparing for her
Capture

Since the seat that I chose was near the back where I can often her
the other girl’s gossip about all the guys in the pub, I was able to pickup
that she would be leaving for her vacation for two weeks starting that
Friday. That gave me one day to get everything in order to make this perfect.
I really didn’t have to do very much for preparation since I have planning
this for a couple months. I already owned the toys that I was going to
use on her; I already outfitted the basement to remove all outside light
as well as soundproofed it. Soundproofing was not really needed, since
my closest neighbour was about a half mile away, however, for this to be
perfect, nothing could go wrong. A paranoid jogger hearing a scream, or
the mailman hearing the crack of a whip would ruin everything.

About a month ago I had broken into Amber’s dorm apartment. It was not
very difficult since he left the windows open (first floor dorm) and I
only had to put down the screen. Once I was inside, I searched around for
a spare set of keys. Right on the key rack, just like a good girl. I then
took the keys to a nearby hardware store and hand copies made. When I returned,
I replaced the keys and stashed a tazer and duct tape on the top shelf
of one of the cupboards. It didn’t look like anything had been up there
for ages judging by the dust, and should keep my items safe.

I had planned to wait about two months before making my attack on her,
but a vacation that nobody was suppose to know about was too perfect. The
pub and friends will think she is away on vacation and nobody will be expecting
her in her hometown since it a surprise. I thought about it long and hard
and decided to go along with the plan ahead of schedule. Maybe it was because
I couldn’t wait any longer, or maybe because I wanted to fuck her in the
worst way, but I strayed from my plan nab her early, against my better
judgment. The purpose of the two to three month wait was to reduce suspicion
that something bad happened to her. If by the off chance somebody saw me
enter her dorm, they probably won’t remember anything about it two or three
months later, even if they did, they won’t remember any details.

Amber’s Capture

It was Friday night and I watched from my rental car Amber leaving the
local pub. She was dressed to kill as usual with her black leather mini-skirt,
halter-top and black high heels. I saw her get into her car and started
to drive back to her dorm room. I kept my distance and eventually lost
sight of her due to her going over the speed limit, apparently in a rush
to get home to get packing. I knew where she lived, so I wouldn’t have
to chase her down and risk getting pulled over. I played it safe and arrived
at her dorm and saw her passing back and forth closing the curtains. I
didn’t really think anything of it, but knew that I would have to wait
until she was in bed.

After about a half hour, I saw all the light go off and knew that it
was time to make my entrance. I inserted the key and slowly opened the
door. One thing I had not thought about was trying the key myself and seeing
if the door made any noise. Thankfully, it didn’t. I stepped inside and
walked over to the kitchen and got my supplies from the top cupboard. I
then travelled to her bedroom and noticed that the door was closed. I found
this kind of odd since she lived alone, why would she close the door?

It was unlocked as I opened the door. I pushed it open as slow as I
could and poked my head in to take a look. What I was looking at was something
that none of my conversations with her ever was able to pick-up. In front
of my was a tightly bound Amber lying and fighting with her bonds on the
bed. My first thought was that somebody already beat me to the punch or
that somebody was robbing her. That thought was quickly dispersed as I
noticed the dripping ice hanging from the ceiling. “My god, what luck do
I have.” I thought to myself as I opened the door more to get a better
view.

I didn’t really have to worry about noise as she appeared to be quite
occupied with humping her imaginary partner. I stepped a bit closer and
could see that she was wearing mostly black leather and latex. I could
also hear the buzzing of the vibrator that was most likely stuck under
her black leather panties. She was wearing a heavy boned latex corset that
didn’t seem to be pulled too tight, but still give a very erotic hourglass
effect. Around her waist was a thick leather belt, which her leather wrist
cuffs were attached. Looking down I could see her legs were bound together
with some more leather belts, as well as some smaller belts that held her
black high heels that she was wearing before.

Looking farther up her body she had some more leather belts above and
below her breasts that she must have slipped her arms into just before
locking them into the wrist cuffs. She had a set of clover clamps on her
breasts that had the metal chain threaded though a very strict leather
posture collar. “Good lord” I thought to myself, “those tits are better
then I imagined, and to top it off, getting used to her new lifestyle won’t
be as much trouble as I thought”. To top off her wonderful outfit, she
was wearing a latex hood that appeared to be on there very, very tight.
Underneath, I could see the outline of straps that all met in the area
of her mouth. There is where I could see the bright red rubber ball sticking
out of the mouth opening of the hood. There were also nose holes, and I
imagine eyeholes as well, but she had a rubber blindfold over her eyes.

I became overwhelmed by what I saw in front of me. I had never dreamed
the girl of my dreams would not only be under my control, but packaged
herself up as a nice treat. I saw my hand reaching to grab her breast,
but then I stopped myself at the last second. Even though she was already
under my control, she didn’t know it yet. The later that I get her out
of her dorm, the better, less people around to get suspicious at 3am then
the current time. So I decided to have some fun. I first went over and
removed the key by melting the little bit of the ice cube left in my hand.
It didn’t seem like she was planning on being bound up for very long… seems
plans have changed a bit.

I sat down on the small wooden chair in the corner of the bedroom and
watched her fight against her bonds, quite fiercely I might add, she must
be stronger that I had guessed. Not that it really mattered now, since
she had done such a terrific job in binding herself up, they were not giving
up to her thrashing even in the least bit. After about a half hour of this
(the key would have dropped by now for sure) she went still and I could
hear her trying to regain her breath. It didn’t take her long and she slid
off the side of the bed and started to inch herself on her side to where
the key should have landed. On the floor where the ice was dripping was
a bowl that was about half full of ice water. Amber then moved her hands
inside the bowl and started the search around. After letting out a grunt
she repositioned herself and started to search with her other hand. After
a few minutes of having no luck I could see that she was starting to get
nervous and frustrated. She tipped the bowl over spilling the water and
started to pat around for the keys more and more franticly.

As she came to grips that the key was nowhere to be found she started
to panic. She was trying everything to move her hands out of the cuffs,
but she had locked them on too tight. There was no way that they were coming
off unless they were cut or she could find the key. I watched her thrash
on the carpet floor for a good 5 or 10 minutes, I had never seen anybody
with that much energy. She finally ran out of breath and was panting quite
severely though her nose holes. She regained her breath after a few minutes
and all you would hear was the sound of her vibrator buzzing away. She
lay there perfectly still, just like she had fallen asleep, that is, until
I started to hear her cry. I almost felt bad for her, until the evil side
of me took over.

Time to make Contact

It was now time to let her know why her key is not there and really
put some fear into her. Even thought I went to the pub often, I purposely
used a southern accent for the few times that I spoke with her. I laid
it on pretty thick, so there is almost no chance of her recognizing my
voice now. I walked over to where she was laying and in one quick movement
I turned her onto her back and straddled her hips and then pinned her shoulders
down with my hands. As predicted, she started to thrash just as hard as
she did before, only this time she was quite pinned. Even if it were not
for the restraints, she would have had a hard time getting loose from my
grip. I told her to calm down before she got hurt, but that didn’t deter
her in the least. I had to move on to more drastic measures in order to
get her attention. I reached over and grabbed her nose, held my hand over
her mouth and cut of any air supply that there was. “If you don’t calm
down you are going to run out of air very soon and being stuck in this
position will the be least of your troubles” I whispered into her ear.
“Nod your head yes if you are going to calm down and listen to what I have
to say. In doing this, I may let you breathe, if you don’t, you will die
right here and now.”

Given her limited options to stay alive, she wisely chose yes and I
let go and she could breathe again. After a few quick breaths, she laid
still underneath me. “If you have not already guessed, I am in possession
of your key. It was actually my intention to rob your dorm and be on my
way when I discovered you lying on your bed. I must say, it was quite a
sight. Given that you have an incredible body, and these opportunities
do not arise very often in life, you are now my slave. Indefinitely.” I
explained to her.

“Ironically, I am bondage lover myself. Unfortunately I do not have
anybody to share my hobbies with. My guess would be that you’re in the
same position that I am. It is almost a match made in heaven, you love
to be tied up, and I love to tie up women. Before we get started with that
though, we need to get you to your new home.” With that I stood up and
went over to her closet to and found quite a selected of latex and rubber
clothes. I selected a number of pieces to my liking and put them on the
bed. On the floor of the closet were storage bins filled with her toys
that got her into this mess… well… sort of. I grabbed some of the leather
straps and flipped her over onto her stomach and cinched her elbows together
and also tightened the straps going around her chest, thus pinning her
arms very securely to her back. I took another strap and tied her ankles
to her waist belt essentially putting her into a hogtie.

I walked back over to the bins and selected several items that I didn’t
have back at my dungeon and set them on the bed as well. I went into her
dresser and selected some various panties and bras to take with us on our
trip. I walked over to the kitchen and grabbed several black trash bags.
I stuffed the clothes and toys into one bag and tied it up and put it next
to the door. Now was the task of getting her out to my car in a way that
if somebody did happen to see, they wouldn’t get suspicious. I double bagged
the remaining trash bags and slid one past her knees and up to her waist.
I then used my duct tape to secure it in place very tightly. “I am going
to put this bag over your head and secure it with tape just as I did your
legs. If you do not move in any way and do not make a sound, I will open
the bag up so that you may breathe again, if you make any sound what-so-ever,
I will throw you in the dumpster and you will look like normal trash. You
will surly run out of air long before anybody knows you are there… that
is if they found you at all.” I said to Amber. I asked her to nod her head
if she understood and she did as I asked. I then pulled the bag over her
head and then I sealed it shut making sure to apply some tape around her
fingers so that she cannot poke any holes in the bag.

Since she was now on a limited air supply, it was now time to take her
out to my car. It was just past 2am and most people in this part of the
dorm area should be in bed. I picked her up and walked though the front
door, making sure I had the keys to get back in. I walked down the steps
and out to my car parked on the side. One thing that I had not thought
of before now was how I would explain what was in the bag. It certainly
didn’t look like a person due to her contorted form. I decided that I would
just say there were camping supplies that I didn’t want to get wet. It
didn’t really matter anyway, since I had made it to my rental car without
any trouble and nobody was in sight in any direction. I opened the trunk
of the car and placed her inside and pushed her towards the back. “I have
to get one more bag out of your dorm, and I will be right back, if you
be good, I will open up the bag so you can breathe again,” I whispered.
I ran back inside and grabbed the bag, locked the door behind me and tossed
the bag in the trunk as well. I could see that her air supply was getting
pretty low and she is probably getting dizzy from breathing her own air
by now. I stood there for a minute admiring my prize; I almost couldn’t
wait to get her to her new home.

After the moment passed, I ripped the top of the bag off and exposed
her head to the fresh air. I closed the trunk and drove out of the parking
lot. I only had one more stop to make before I could go home. Before I
arrived at Amber’s dorm, I found a similar car to the one that I rented
and swapped the plates the night before. The reason for this was that if
I had to make a speedy getaway, I didn’t want them to risk them contacting
the rental car place and getting my information. By swapping plates, assuming
that I was able to get away from whatever I was running from, I would swap
the plates back, turn in the car and nobody would be the wiser.

I finished swapping the plates back and drove to my house. I pulled
the car into the garage (I didn’t let the neighbours ever see the car,
just in case it was on the news any decided to call it in). Part of me
feels that I am just being paranoid about a lot of this, but when your
committing a federal crime that could put you away from a lifetime, it’s
better to be safe then sorry. I walked around to the back of the car and
grabbed the bag of toys and clothes and brought it inside and put it in
the basement. I then grabbed Amber and brought her down to the basement.
I undid the plastic bags and the hogtie. I also removed the straps around
her chest, elbows, knees, nipple clamps and her posture collar. “That must
feel much better,” I asked. She nodded her head.

It was late and even though I wanted to fuck that hot little pussy,
I had to get her ready for bed… I had a whole two weeks ahead of me. I
picked her up off the floor and put her on a small bed with a metal frame.
I took off her heels and slid down her panties. She was soaking wet, and
not only that she was completely shaven. I figured that it was the vibrator
working it’s magic the entire time that was what was making her wet. So
I pulled it out and shut it off and tossed it into the pile of other toys.
Next I un-cuffed one of her hands, quickly brought it up to the top of
the bed and cuffed it with a set of handcuffs that I already had chained
there. I did the same with her other hand so that they were both above
her head instead of behind her.

After that I undid the belt around her waist. I was trying to decide
if I wanted to take her mask off  too, and finally decided that I
should give her jaw a rest. I don’t want it to be too stiff; I have other
plans for it. I went over and put a Jason mask over my face, turned the
lamps so they would point in her face and took off her blindfold and hood.
She kept her eyes shut since she has not seen any light for about 6 hours
now, her eyes would take a while to adjust back so she could see. I undid
the straps to her ball gag, but before I took it out I said “If you make
a sound, I will put this back in and it will never leave your mouth again.
You will speak when I ask you a question and answer everything with Master.
If you understand this, nod your head.” She just lay there for a moment
not doing anything. She is probably still thinking that she might have
a chance if she screams, but she much of decided against it because she
eventually nodded her head yes.

She lay there for a minute stretching her jaw. While she was doing that
I reapplied the blindfold to her head. “I realize that you can still reach
the blindfold, but I have hidden cameras located in here and if I see you
take it off, for any reason other then I commanded you to do it. Do you
understand this?” I asked. “Yes”-said Amber. With that I picked up one
of the leather straps, folded it in half and took a swing against her breasts.
“aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh !!!” she yelped. “I think you forgot something, and
by the way, if you make a noise again, I will give you something to make
noise about!” I yelled. “Yes Master!” she replied. “That is more like it.
What you just felt was a sample, or warning if you will. I do not have
my real toys of torture out yet, but I will warn you now, that sting you
felt is about 1/10th of the pain you will feel if you disobey again” I
said. I turned off the light in the basement, walked upstairs and hit record
on the VCR and went to bed on the couch.

Amber Gets Whipped
into Shape

Throughout the night I could hear her pull on the chains in an effort
to escape. A few times I even turned on the TV monitor to see if she had
taken off the blindfold. It was now getting pretty late and I needed sleep
myself so I drugged up a glass of water and went down to the basement.
She became instantly quiet after hearing my footsteps. I walked over and
asked “Would you like a drink of water?”

“Yes…Master” she replied. I tilted her head up and poured the water
into her mouth. “I do not want to hear any more noise from down here, or
I will give you a reason”. I knew she would be out like a light regardless
in about 10 minutes, but the faster she learned to behave, the better.
I went back upstairs and fell asleep myself.

I woke up a few hours later, much more rested and ready for the day
ahead. I went over to the bathroom and grabbed a small bag in the cabinet
and proceeded to go downstairs. Amber was still fast asleep, and probably
would be for another 3 or 4 hours. Plenty of time for me to get ready.
I took off her blindfold and laid her flat on her back. She was completely
naked except for the restraints. I then opened my bag, applied the solution
to the contact and put it into her left eye. I then did the same for her
right eye. The purpose of the contacts was that I didn’t want to risk her
ever seeing who I was, and I also wanted to see her pretty face and not
always have to worry if the blindfold is on tight enough.

I could see her eye’s twitching as they were trying to adjust to the
foreign objects in her eyes. I waited a few minutes then started to prepare
for the days activities. I untied her legs and uncuffed her arms from the
bed and carried her over to a table in the shape of an X. I laid her down
and proceeded to apply the straps to her arms and legs. One of the nice
things about this table is that it is padded in leather, is waist high,
and has leather straps every few inches that can cover every part of a
person’s body. Once she was strapped in I figured I would give her a little
more time to sleep off the drugs and get something to eat.

About two hours later, I went back downstairs and could see her starting
to move around. “I see you are awake my dear Amber” I said.  “Who
are you? Why can’t I see? Why the fuck are you doing this to me! They will
catch you, you will never get away with this!” she screamed. I put down
her breakfast that I brought for her and then walked over and selected
a nice whip from the wall. With a loud CRACK across her thigh, she screamed
out loud “Aaaaaaaaeeeeeeeeehhhhhhh !! Fuck! Let me go, let me go now!”…
Crack! This time across her breasts, but not hard enough to leave any marks.
“Oooooouuuuchhhh !!! Please stop!” she pleaded, now with tears in her eyes.
“It seems you don’t have a very good memory of the conversation we had
last night, I am only trying to help you remember,” I stated in a stern
voice.

CRACK! This one landed right on her stomach causing her to gasp. “Please
stop! I can’t take this any more, it’s too painful… Please stop!!!” she
pleaded again. I brought my hand up for another swing… “… Master” she whispered
at the last second. “What was that?” I asked. “Please stop Master,” she
said. “That’s a bit more like it. You see, you are about to endure quite
a bit in the weeks to come, I suggest you learn your lessons fast and you
won’t have to endure more pain then needed.”

“Let me apprise you of your current situation. I know just about everything
about you. I know you are not expected back at work or school for at least
the next two weeks. I know that nobody knew you were going to visit your
family and friends since it was a surprise. You are under my control and
are being kept in my dungeon. It has been soundproofed, and the closest
person is miles away. We are not near your work or dorm, and nobody would
ever find you here. By the off chance that you were able to get free, the
door to your freedom is very solid and has a combination lock on it. Without
knowing the combination, you are stuck here regardless. When this is over,
I am going to intoxicate you and crash you and your car over a cliff. Any
tests on your body will be classified as a drunk driving accident and no
suspicion of foul play. There is one caveat to this. You can submit to
be my slave for the rest of your life, and if I believe you, I may keep
you around. Do you understand?”

“Yes…………Master…” she replied.

“Good, do you have any questions?” I asked.

“Why can’t I see Master?”

“I have put blackened contacts in your eyes. You will not be able to
see with them in.”

“Why have you done this to me, Master?”

“I have known about your self-bondage for quite some time. I decided
to give you what I felt you wanted and needed”

“I am hungry and need to use the bathroom,” she said.

CRACK! Right down the middle and right into her cunt.

“AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH” she cried. “Sorry, Master, it was a mistake”.

“I have some food here for you, as for the bathroom. I suggest that
you hold it for a while. If you shit or piss anywhere, not only will you
eat it, but you will lap the toilet clean to make you appreciate what it’s
for.”

I fed her one of the sandwiches that I made and helped her drink some
water. She ate it quite fast. “I will give that food some time to settle.
In the mean time, Try and get comfortable.”

With that, I grabbed a vibrator and slid it inside her cunt. She was
already quite moist (naughty girls can’t resist a good whipping). I turned
it on and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. “I will be back soon my love.”

**[Amber's
Misfortune](amber02.html)**
[continues
in Part 2](amber02.html)
