---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Widow, Corset, Ropes, Submission
authors:
- Margaret M
tags:
- MF
- M-f
- bond
- tie
- submission
- first
- nipple
- sex
- climax
- 'true'
- cons
- X
---

**Part One**

I had been a widow for nearly four years when I met Jerry at my niece’s wedding in Middletown, NY. We sat next to each other during the reception and although we didn’t seem to have all that much in common I found myself quickly liking him and did not hesitate to give him my telephone number when it was time to leave.

I had not dated anyone since my husband’s passing (we were married for twenty eight years) but I felt so comfortable with Jerry, and despite the fact that he lives in Middletown, NY and I am in New York City (about an hour and half drive) I did hope he would call.

Jerry was forty-nine when we met, I was fifty-five (and will turn 60 in a few weeks). He has been divorced twice, no children, and owns a small electric motor company in Middletown. I have three married daughters (ages 29, 32 and 33), six grandchildren and own a small home that I downsized to after my youngest was married. I work for a company in Queens (from which I am retiring next month) and thought that I knew everything there was to know about relationships. However, I had absolutely no personal knowledge of anything other than what I’ve since learned is referred as a "vanilla" sex life as compared to the Master/Mistress/submissive relationships I now love and treasure.

My first date with Jerry took place about two months after the wedding. He picked me up on a Saturday at about 6:00 PM and took me to a show and dinner in Manhattan. I wasn’t quite sure how I should dress but I did decide to wear a nice skirt and blouse and sensible heels (for walking in Manhattan). When Jerry picked me up he was wearing a dark blue suit and tie so I felt I had made the right choice.

After the show we went to restaurant a few blocks away and I was having a wonderful time. I enjoyed the show (a musical) and I was enjoying Jerry’s company even more. After dinner we slowly walked to the parking garage and by the time we came back to my house it was nearly midnight. All during the ride home we chatted and when we got to my place I asked if he wanted to come if for coffee. Of course in the back of my mind I was thinking about a little more than coffee but still wasn’t sure if I was ready for it, as I said before, I hadn’t dated since my husband’s passing and I was more than a little nervous.

Jerry did agree to come in and while I was starting to get the coffee maker going he stood by me and put his arm around my waist, turned me towards him, and kissed me. I was shaking and scared. Still not sure what I should do but knew enough that I wanted to kiss him too.

I put my arms around him and as he held me and kissed me more. It was a rush that I hadn’t felt in ages and didn’t want it to end. Jerry held me firmly as his lips moved to my neck and back again to my mouth.

Without a word he took hold of my arm, looked into my eyes, and led me to the couch. Exactly how I wound up under him I don’t recall but by the time my skirt was up around my waist and his pants were down by his ankles I just wanted him to take me.

Instead, he stopped and, resting his weight on me, he took my wrists and held them above my head. He told me how much he wanted to do this since we met at the wedding and I told him I did too.

Moving his hips now he began to rub against me. It felt so good!

Finally he took one of his hands away from my wrists and reached down and pulled my pantyhose and panties down so he could enter me. Slowly at first, then a bit quicker, he would do a few short thrusts and then a few long agonizingly slow thrusts. I tried moving my hips faster, I wanted him to move faster, but each time he would stop, look into my eyes, and wait until I stopped and then he would start again. It was the first time I ever felt so controlled while having sex and I didn’t want him to stop.

With one hand still holding my wrists above my head he took his tie off and before I realized what was happening he tied my wrists together and put them over his neck. I was frightened and started to ask what he was doing but he, very calmly, told me to relax, nothing bad was going to happen, just relax and enjoy, he was going to take care of me. Why I believed him I have no idea, nor do I know why I kept my hands over his neck, but I did and, while be began to open my blouse and undo my bra I stayed as still as possible, still fearful of what was happening but yet very excited at the same time. As he began to massage my breasts with his hands and lightly squeeze my nipples I could feel him beginning to move inside me again and I started to keep pace with him. It was as though I had no choice as to what was happening. I could easily have lifted my arms from behind his neck and insisted on stopping but I didn’t. It was like I had no choice, he was in control and I could not resist. It was a truly freeing experience and I didn’t want him to stop.

With his fingers still holding my nipples I felt him twist them slightly and the tingling sensation drove me to want him even more. Once again he began to move faster and faster and each thrust brought me closer and closer to the most amazing climax I had ever experienced.

When I finally had stopped Jerry was smiling down at me and leaned forward to kiss me. He held me close, his tongue touching mine, as he began that slow rhythm again. He had not yet finished and as he moved inside me again I started to feel myself begin to throb. Once more he brought me to new heights and I pulled him to me by my bound hands and wrapped my legs around him not ever wanting to let him go. It felt as though he had exploded inside me and as I started to reach my time too I screamed and moaned and kissed him as hard as I could.

I have no idea how long it took me to finally calm down but with Jerry now laying next to me I felt warm and safe and totally satisfied. I didn’t even give the fact that my hands were still tied a thought until he moved them from behind his neck and ever so gently untied me.

With my hands free I put them around his neck again and kissed him. I couldn’t think of anything to say and, quite frankly, at that moment I didn’t want to say anything. I just wanted to melt in his arms and cuddle. It was nearly 3:30 AM when Jerry left. I didn’t fall asleep right away, all I could think about was how he tied my wrists and how it felt to be controlled by him, how it felt to imagine myself his captive, his plaything, his sexual toy. And how much I loved these feelings and how nervous, scared and excited they made me.

The next morning, after I came home from church, there was a message on my machine from Jerry. He said he had a wonderful time and hoped I did too. He wanted to see me again next Friday night.

There was no hesitation on my part, I called him and told I’d love to see him again.

30.01.12

story continues in [**Widow, Corset, Ropes, Submission Part 2: Moored On A Yacht**](widowcorsetropessubmission2.html)

o0o
