---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storieslr/riding_the_metal_pony.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Riding The Metal Pony
authors:
- Clare
tags:
- Sbf
- attic
- timer
- naked
- chain
- cuffs
- gag
- pegs
- nipple
- torment
- stuck
- mast
- climax
- 'true'
- con
- X
date: 2003-09-20 00:00:00
---

The windows and doors were locked, the answerphone was on and everything
I would need was gathered in a sports bag. Using a pole with a hook on
the end, I opened the hatch to the loft and pulled down the ladder.

Although it had been a hot day, the air in the loft had cooled now to
a reasonable temperature to be naked – I hate being cold. I turned on the
light and unpacked the bag, laying out all the items and checking that
nothing was missing. All present and correct, I covered the hatch with
a large box, cutting out most of the external light, although a little
could seep in through the vents between the roof and the top of the walls.

Firstly the lamp. Peter had put power sockets in the loft and I plugged
a security timer into one and connected a small lamp. The timer had eighty
four segments, each representing fifteen minutes of the day. I had set
this so that each fifteen minutes of light was separated by a random period
of darkness. A few of these were also for fifteen minutes, about half were
for thirty minutes, three for one hour and one would turn the lamp off
for a total of two hours. I hoped I didn’t get that one.

Looking away, I twisted the dial of the timer, coming to a stop when
the light was lit. I placed another box in front of the socket so that
I couldn’t see how long I would be suffering, although from the far end
of the loft, I wouldn’t be able to make out the dial anyway. I walked away,
resisting the temptation to peek, and turned off the over head light. I
had fifteen minutes to prepare.

I kicked off my trainers. The boards were pleasantly cool under my bare
feet. Tee shirt, jeans and pants were piled together and my glasses placed
carefully on top. Now, the equipment.

First, a short chain, the end wrapped once about a horizontal support
beam and fastened with a padlock. At the other end, a pair of handcuffs.
All the other equipment was home made, but these we’d seen in a gift shop
in Warwick. I’d called Peter over to me and told him that I’d wear them
if he’d buy them. He immediately picked up the box and marched brazenly
over to the till. I had a horrible suspicion that he’d put them on me as
soon as he’d paid for them, but he resisted, although the thought was clearly
in his mind. He’d made up for it back at the hotel that evening and I spent
most of the night cuffed to the frame of the bed; apart from the half hour
about midnight that I’d been naked and bound on the balcony for anybody
who cared to look up to see.

The handcuffs were fastened to the chain with a padlock that had three
tumblers. The combination to get out was 000 as we’d lost the instructions
to change it. Once the lights were out, it wouldn’t matter anyway.

A long chain was fastened to a diagonal support, and again padlocked
in place. I picked up the rest of my things as I wouldn’t be able to reach
for much longer, clipping two wooden clothes pegs onto the long chain and
putting the rubber ball, which had come from a pet shop into my mouth.
A thin leather belt, fastened behind my head secured it in place.

I passed the long chain between my legs, opening my split and pulling
the chain close. Standing on tiptoes, I wrapped the end around another
support and locked it in place. There was no slack in the chain and I was
as high as I could go. I rubbed both nipples gently, although by this point
they were already swollen and proud. I have really small breasts, and once
asked Peter to tie rope around them as I’d seen in pictures on the net,
to make them bigger. He’d refused, telling me he liked me just as I was
and, since then, I’d been much more relaxed about them. I took the clothes
pegs and placed one on each nipple, wincing as they bit home. Originally
we’d used plain pegs with flat surfaces, but one day Peter had taken some
sort of chisel and carved a cross hatch into each, so these now had twelve
small teeth.

Quickly I reached up and locked the cuffs around my wrists. The links
between the cuffs was just flexible enough to allow me to reach the dials
on the combination lock – I’d practiced when Peter was in, just in case.
He was at the conference for another two days and I didn’t want to be hanging
here until he came back. Although the pupils wouldn’t mind their maths
teacher being absent, the school would want to know where I had been. Not
to mention the pain and suffering.

The light was still on and the temptation to free myself was increasing.
My nipples were on fire and the chain was going to cut me in half. As I
reached for the lock, there was a click and the loft was plunged into darkness.

I tried to relax and absorb the pain. I knew that the clamps would become
tolerable, but I had no idea what the chain would do to me. I tried pressing
my clit against the chain and rocking backwards and forwards, but there
wasn’t any slack in the chain. Pleasure would have to wait until pain was
over.

A tremor started in my right leg and I was suddenly unable to support
myself on my toes. The metal pony sank deeper and I tried to scream, although
the ball in my mouth stopped this being anything more than a thin wail.
The cuffs bit into my wrists as I tried to pull myself off the chain. Eventually
I was able to get a footing and relieve the pressure between my legs. The
tears were streaming down my face and I was afraid that I was going to
suffocate as my nose became blocked and the ball in my mouth grew bigger
and bigger.

Please, please let this be only fifteen minutes. I could tell that it
had gone dark outside as no light came through the vents. It felt like
I had been riding the pony for hours, but might only have been a few minutes.
What if the light bulb blew, or the power failed? I couldn’t stand the
pain any longer.

But I had no choice. The dials on the lock had been spun randomly, and
I’d taken care not to look. I would have to endure the torture that I had
prescribed for myself. This was the most extreme I’d suffered so far. Quite
frequently, if I got home before Peter, I’d tie my hands and feet to the
corners of the bed. He’d come home to find me gagged, blindfolded and spread-eagled,
completely at his mercy. Sometimes he would remove my gag and I’d give
him a blowjob. Sometimes he would just stroke my body gently with his fingers,
making me tingle all over. Sometimes he would use his tongue to pleasure
me. I liked all of these, and I liked it when he took off his belt and
whipped me across the backside or breasts for drooling all over his pillow.

It was a shame he couldn’t see me now. I couldn’t figure out a way to
take pictures using a delay, and the video camera would have needed light
and I would have given in and released myself. When he was away, he always
rang to say he had landed, and the taxi delivered him to the door about
half an hour later. This time he’d arrive to find me riding the pony, with
the lights set to stay off, blindfolded, and bound at the ankles. Perhaps
he would release me and do something nice to me on the floor of the loft.
Perhaps he would whip me while I danced on the chain. Perhaps he would
do nothing, leaving me to the torment which I’d set on myself.

Three more times the pain in my legs forced me onto the chain. I screamed,
thrashed about, sobbed uncontrollably and cursed myself for what I’d done.
When the light came back on, I’d retreated into myself so far that it was
a few minutes before I realised. If I wasn’t quick, it would be dark again
and I’d be sentenced to another period in hell. I spun the dials on the
lock, bringing my cuffed arms down. I pushed myself off the chain and fell
to the floor where I rubbed my tender slit gently, building up the speed
and pressure until I came in an explosion of incoherent shouts.

Once I
returned to earth I gingerly unclipped the pegs – that hurt so bad, then
took out the ball. Without my glasses it took me a while to find the keys
for the cuffs, but I eventually released myself and climbed wearily down
the ladder. I collapsed into bed. I’d sort out the equipment in the morning.

Clare
x

Clare\_robertson\_1965@hotmail.com
