---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/a_conventional_affair12.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Conventional Affair
authors:
- Darkwolf
tags:
- F+/f+
- bond
- naked
- latex
- cuffs
- chastity
- collar
- gag
- catsuit
- leash
- oral
- tease
- denial
- climax
- rom
- cons
- XX
date: 2024-12-08 00:00:00
---

### Part 12

The last thing that Brianna Wilde remembered was passing out, or more precisely slipping into the endlessly comforting warmth of subspace as she was pushed to the very edge of her endurance by a wonderfully skilled and wickedly pierced tongue. It was not exactly an unfamiliar experience, truth be told, but even now she could not help but smile just a bit at the memory of a slender, latex clad figure pinning her in place as she struggled within the confines of her bonds. And yet, even as she reminisced about the strange juxtaposition and intense pleasure to be found in being dominated by a woman confined in a bitchsuit, a faint tremble wracking her body as ghostly sensations seemed to run over her skin, the blue-haired girl began to realize that she could actually move again.

Stretching ever so slightly to test this she discovered that the cuffs once circling her wrists and ankles were gone, freeing her from the helplessly tight spread eagle she had been trapped in, as was the gag that had forced her jaws almost painfully wide. Only the familiar weight of her collar and the tight embrace of her harness remained, the slender leather straps circling her body having apparently been fixed back into place even as the toys that had once filled her had been removed, a strange sense of emptiness and the faintest echo of disappointment left in their wake. The blue-haired girl also realized, as she slowly came back to herself, that she was not alone. A wonderfully warm and achingly familiar body lay next to her own. Forcing her eyes to open after a long moment of luxuriating in that feeling, Brianna blinked a few times to clear her vision and, to her mild surprise, found herself staring into Sofia’s disheveled but beautiful visage. Much like herself the older woman was curled up onto her side and apparently fast asleep, face utterly relaxed and body as naked as the day she was born, her catsuit having been stripped away to reveal the lush figure beneath. At some point her long, blonde hair had also worked its way free from her ponytail and lay in a wild mass while smeared lipstick and faint trails of mascara running down her cheeks stood as proof positive that she really had seen her mistress bound and gagged and forced to cum until she had begged for mercy.

Staying as still as she could even as a faint ember of arousal bloomed to life within her core at that memory and barely daring to even *breath*, Brianna allowed her eyes to roam over the older woman’s toned and athletic frame, drinking in the familiar details and marveling at the sight. The way her chest rose and fell faintly with each breath, drawing attention to those marvelously shaped breasts, or the way her eyes twitched ever so slightly as she dreamed, her mistress honestly looked so peaceful laying there. And yet there were signs that she had been put through the wringer even if the faint smile on those soft and eminently kissable lips betrayed the woman’s true feelings. Part of the blue-haired still had trouble believing that the blonde had allowed herself to be dominated so thoroughly, but she also knew that Sofia could have escaped if she’d really wanted to. After all, cuffs meant to restrain a woman over six feet tall would do little to hold a lap-sized fox. Though a collar on the other hand…

Face heating up at the thought of her mistress in a collar and on a leash, perhaps even crawling on all fours at her or Roxanna’s command, Brianna felt a giggle bubble up in her chest and bit her lip hard in order to stay silent. Taking a breath, she dared to shift just a bit closer, careful to avoid disturbing the mattress as she reached out to embrace the other woman, pulling her mistress’s toned and athletic form close and smiling at the way that beautifully warm figure seemed to instinctively curl up against her. Twinning their legs together to deepen the embrace and biting her lip again to suppress a moan at the feeling of so much warm and silky skin pressed up against her own, the blue-haired girl closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation, especially when Sofia shifted in her sleep to press their breasts together firmly.

Just as she was about to drift off again a curiously soft sensation, like the skittering of a spider’s legs, ran up her thigh and drew Brianna out of the fog. Before she could react however, an equally familiar, and equally naked, body molded itself against her back, shapely breasts pressing up against her spine while elegant arms drew the both of them into an embrace. At the same moment velvety lips brushed against the blue-haired girl’s ear while a silky soft and pleasantly accented voice whispered ever so quietly, “Welcome back to the world, *korítsi*. Did you enjoy your nap?”

Breath hitching quietly in her throat even as she shivered in delight to be sandwiched between her mistresses’ bodies, Brianna swallowed hard to try and find her voice, “Yes, mistress.”

Somehow shifting even closer, Roxanna pressed another kiss to the sensitive skin behind the girl’s jaw, “And did you enjoy the show?”

This time Brianna could not stop herself from moaning, especially when elegant fingers began to trail up her side and over her ribs, well polished nails tickling sensitive skin as they roamed. Still, she managed a tiny nod of agreement despite that as a soft blush colored her face, “Yes, mistress.”

“So cute.” Roxanna mused, almost wistfully as she allowed her hand to settle onto her plaything’s pale stomach and brushed her lips against a pale shoulder.

Biting her lip, Brianna arched her back ever so slightly to grant her mistress better access when Sofia suddenly moved. Mewling quietly in her sleep, a rather adorable sound that she normally only made when deeply lost in slumber, the woman tightened her grip on the blue-haired girl’s body, practically crushing that slender frame against her own sun-kissed skin before muttering something unintelligible and cradling her head beneath her slave’s chin. As the blonde practically buried her face in the younger woman’s slight but shapely breasts, Brianna felt her blush darken as the pleasant sensation of warm breath caressing her skin very nearly made her moan again.

Quiet laughter rumbling softly in her chest, Roxanna lifted herself up just enough to place her hand on her lover’s hip, fingers gliding down to caress the other woman’s firm yet shapely ass, “Our Sofia is certainly in rare form, no?”

As an unexpected yet pleasant frisson of heat bloomed in her chest, and between her legs, at the way Sofia *moaned* beneath the olive-skinned woman’s touch, Brianna offered a faint smile of agreement, “I don’t think I’ve ever seen this side of her, mistress.”

“Sofia has always been more comfortable in her skin than I.” Roxanna confessed, a fond smile on her face as she ran her fingers through the other woman’s hair, trying in vain to comb it back into some semblance of order, “And far more comfortable about her desires. It is one of the many things I love about her.”

Brianna found herself nodding along almost absently, the truth of those words resonating with her. Learning to be honest about your desires and having the courage to be true to yourself, both had been difficult lessons to learn and yet so very rewarding. That too was something she found admirable about her mistresses, both Roxanna’s quiet strength and Sofia’s openly unashamed demeanor standing as inspirations for everything she had wanted to be and strove to be still. And yet, the blue-haired girl still could not shake the feeling that she had witnessed something truly special today. A side to both of her mistresses that they so rarely let loose. Worrying her lip in a brief moment of indecision, Brianna eventually moved to gently kiss the crown of the blonde’s head before carefully moving to disentangle herself from the older woman’s limpet-like grip without waking her. It proved to be a remarkably difficult task, especially when Sofia whined softly and somehow tightened her grip even more, but eventually she managed to twist her body enough to face Roxanna.

All told the olive-skinned woman looked far more put together than her lover, though the faint smile curling her lips and the unmistakable glow that seemed to surround her only enhanced the image of a contented and well sated cat as she lay almost languidly on her side with an arm draped loosely over the younger girl’s body. Returning that smile, Brianna leaned in to brush her lips against the older woman’s, elated when her mistress deepened the kiss without hesitation. For what felt like an eternity she just reveled in that velvety warmth before finally, reluctantly, breaking free, “Don’t sell yourself short, mistress.”

“You are far too kind, my brave girl.” Roxanna whispered quietly as she stole another kiss and shifted to take Brianna into her arms properly, “Far too kind.”

Offering no resistance, Brianna just smiled again and allowed herself to be drawn in, letting out a soft and contented sigh as she rested her head on the olive-skinned woman’s shoulder. It was only then, as she glanced past her lover’s body and toward the other bed, that she remembered they were not alone. Just across from her, so close in fact that the blue-haired girl swore she could have reached out and touched them if she wanted, Elise lay with her own lovers. The brunette’s back was turned to them, seemingly oblivious to the world, her hair still done up in that messy bun while what remained of her clothing was gone exposing the entirety of her pale, slender and yet well curved body. Even as she allowed her eyes to drink in the sight of that shapely back, narrow waist and marvelously firm ass most of Brianna’s attention was drawn to the equally slender figure clad in dark latex clasped firmly in the young dominatrix's arms. Free of her gag and the bitchsuit that had so cruelly bound her limbs, the familiar figure practically *writhed* against her mistress as the pair shared a curiously and almost shockingly tender kiss. While that was a remarkably adorable sight on its own, what truly surprised the blue-haired girl was something she only noticed just now. That, much like Claire, Elise’s pet was actually taller than her, the latex-clad woman sporting long, lean limbs and a runner’s build only emphasized by the way the pair lay tangled up against each other, legs interlaced and hands roaming over each other’s bodies with obvious familiarity.

And yet, just beyond them, was an equally enticing vision. Sitting up on a loose pile of pillows, shoulders braced against the bed’s headboard, was Claire herself. Unlike her companions the redhead was still quite firmly, if somewhat more loosely bound. Her arms were no longer locked behind her back, released from the cruelly tight reverse-prayer position she had been trapped in for hours, with the sleek leather monoglove replaced with a simple pair of metal cuffs that held her hands together in her lap. Her corset was also gone, though the marks left by its stiff steel boning remained pressed into her lightly tanned skin, as were her pony boots leaving the woman almost completely naked save for that slender chastity belt still locked firmly around her hips and a simple leather collar now circling her throat. Squirming in obvious frustration, the large ball gag stuffed into her mouth reducing quiet moans to little more than muffled whimpers, the impressively curvy woman could do little but watch as her mistress and her fellow slave lost themselves in each other, a strange mix of envy and affection painting her features as if she both desperately wished to be in the latex-clad woman’s place but was also happy for the pair.

Biting her lip, the ember of lust in her loins flaring at that sight and at the familiar presence of the strap pulled tightly between her legs, Brianna felt like she should look away, as if she was intruding on something deeply personal. And yer, before she could truly ponder that feeling, the blue-haired girl felt herself gasp in surprise when Sofia, who had not been as asleep as she had seemed, pounced suddenly and wrapped both of her lovers up in her strong arms. Moaning deep in her throat as she felt the blonde’s lush body practically mold itself against her back while Roxanna’s form was pulled against her front, all thought fled Brianna’s mind as hands began to wander over her pale form and the sparks of desire that had been lingering within her were slowly stoked into an inferno. Trembling beneath that exploration, and moaned even more desperately as calloused hands cupped her breasts, the blue-haired girl closed her eyes and twisted her body as best she could, reveling in the sensation and begging both of her mistresses to touch her more.

It was not to be, however. Silencing her plaything with a kiss, Roxanna gently took Sofia’s hands to halt the blonde’s ministrations and smiled almost cruelly at the way the blue-haired girl whimpered in response, “So nice of you to join us, *stríngla*. Though I do admit to being impressed, I rather thought you would be recovering for much longer.”

“Come now, *dorogaya*.” Sofia practically purred, a faint coarseness in her voice from screaming, “Nothing puts me down for long, you know this.”

“*Vlákas*.” Roxanna whispered quietly, affectionately, almost reverently as she cupped her lover’s cheek and delicately brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, “Only you could still be horny after all of that.”

Resting her palm on the olive-skinned woman’s hand and interlacing their fingers together, Sofia’s softly kissed her lover’s knuckles and offered a wicked grin of her own, “You may lack my stamina, *dorogaya*, but do not pretend that your own appetites are any less *ravenous* than mine.”

The faintest of blushes rising on her cheeks, Roxanna offered the tiniest of smiles in response but did not deny the accusation either. Rather, she turned her warm gaze on the girl trapped between them, “Perhaps we should ask Brianna? She being the focus of our affections after all.”

Her own face lighting up in response, Brianna opened her mouth to try and reply only to freeze in place as memories of those myriad *affections* danced unbidden in her mind’s eye. Before she could do much more than bite her lip to try and suppress a shudder, a tiny moan escaping her throat all the same, a familiar voice thick with amusement suddenly interrupted, “The three of you are disgustingly adorable, you know that right?”

Shocked by the sudden interjection, Brianna immediately lifted her head to glance across the room and catch sight of Elise staring right at her. The woman had apparently finished kissing her slave and was now perched up against the headboard as well, smiling faintly as she slowly stroked the back of her pet’s head, the latex-covered woman practically purring as she lay sprawled across her mistress’s lap. Claire had also shifted positions, her curvy form twisted to snuggle close to the brunette and rest her head on an elegant shoulder, contentment reflected in those soulful, blue-gray eyes of hers even if the flush of her skin and the hardness of her nipples spoke of a deeper frustration.

Reluctantly loosening her embrace, Sofia propped herself up on one elbow to brush the hair out of her eyes and stretch her neck before offering the young dominatrix a playful smirk, “I have always thought so, yes.”

Elise let out a rather uncharacteristic snort of laughter even as she continued to slowly stroke her pet’s head, “I have to admit I’ve met a lot of interesting people in my line of work,” as if to emphasize the point she reached up with her free hand to caress Claire’s cheek, “but I think this weekend might be one of the most memorable so far.”

Clearly pleased, the redhead let out a quiet sigh of pleasure through her gag and closed her eyes as she leaned into her mistress’s touch, “N phnmn mnn, mnphphrmphph.”

“That you did, slut.” Elise teased even as she smiled at the older woman and allowed her hand to drift down a slender throat, “And you were right.”

Realizing that the moment had passed, Roxanna reluctantly rolled herself onto her back and shifted positions to prop herself up on both hands, body slumped ever so slightly and hair falling wildly around her face even as she offered a soft but heartfelt smile, “Meeting you has been most pleasant as well, Ms. Elise. And very… *educational*.”

“Well, we do aim to please.” Elise returned, almost airily, with the slender ghost of a smile on her pierced lips before her voice turned a bit more somber, “Speaking of which, I do hope that everyone enjoyed themselves.”

“Most certainly,” Sofia answered without hesitation as she finished pushing herself upright and paused to caress Brianna’s face, “What about you, *devushka*? Did you have fun?”

Face heating up again for reasons that had nothing to do with embarrassment, Brianna’s blush intensified as the phantom sensation of Claire’s tongue between her legs and the lingering taste of Elise’s pussy on her lips drew a tiny whimper from her throat. Still, the blue-haired girl nodded as she found herself smiling, “Yes, mistress. I… I did.”

“I’m glad.” Elise admitted, honestly, a far more genuine smile curling her lips as she closed her eyes and leaned back against the headboard with a soft sigh. Tilting her face toward the ceiling, the pale young woman just lay there for what felt like an eternity before finally glancing at her newfound companions out of the corner of her eye, “I know this is a little backwards, but would the three of you like to join us for dinner?”

Given everything that had already happened, everything they had already done together, the offer should not have surprised Brianna as much as it did. And yet somehow, someway even being taken back to the young dominatrix’s room to be bound and fucked felt less intimate than that simple offer. The implication that this could be far more than a mere physical encounter hanging in the air. At last mustering the strength to sit up and join her mistresses, Sofia immediately placed a warm and comforting arm over her shoulders, the blue-haired girl craning her neck to look at Elise. Really *look* at her. By all accounts the pale brunette looked completely at ease, practically lounging against Claire’s lush body as continued to idly caress the latex-clad woman in her lap, but there was something deeper there as well. An openness that had been lacking before, as if the woman had finally removed the mask she had been wearing since the first moment they had met. To be perfectly honest the girl wasn’t sure what that meant, but she could not help but be inexplicably drawn in as well.

It was Roxanna who picked up the gauntlet, pursing her lips ever so slightly before offering their host an almost teasing smile, “Are you asking us on a date, Ms. Elise?”

The dominatrix just chuckled, “Nothing so formal as all that. It just felt wrong to leave things without a proper goodbye. And a thank you.”

Glancing back at her lovers, the olive-skinned woman seemed to shrug, “In the midst of all this excitement we did miss lunch.”

A positively devilish smile graced Sofia’s lips then as she pulled Brianna close, “I could certainly eat, *dorogaya.* But, the masquerade does begin soon.”

The reminder of that particular event, along with the memory of the outfit they had picked out for the olive-skinned woman, deepened Brianna’s blush. She’d honestly not given much thought to the time but, glancing toward the heavily curtained windows, she was a bit shocked to realize that the sun had actually set, the gold glow of afternoon replaced by the much softer illumination of the street lights beyond. Looking back it made sense but part of her was still barely able to believe that so much time had passed. Despite all that had happened, despite all that she had experienced, the entire day had honestly been a blur, events passing one after the other in the blink of an eye. Then again, if nothing else, the sudden reminder *did* make her realize just how hungry she actually was, the light breakfast she had shared in bed with her mistresses having been digested long ago.

Shifting her position to sit more comfortably, Roxanna snaked her own arms around the blue-haired girl’s waist, shocking her out of her introspection and transforming Sofia’s embrace into a true group hug, “We have a few hours yet, *stríngla*. Plenty of time, if we wish.”

“And do we wish?” the blonde wondered, honest curiosity painted on her features and sparkling in those arctic blue eyes.

For a long moment Roxanna said nothing and simply pulled Brianna even close to practically whisper, “What do you think, *korítsi*?”

Shivering as she felt the olive-skinned woman’s lips brush against her ear, warm breath tickling her skin even as that softly accented voice practically *caressed* her, “I… I think it would be nice, mistress.”

Sofia chuckled again, that familiar laughter rumbling deep in her chest as she molded herself against the younger girl’s side and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek, “We never can seem to deny you, can we *devushka*?”

Biting her lower lip, Brianna leaned into the blonde’s warmth as she offered her mistress a deliberately suggestive look and allowed her voice to drop into a low purr, “I’m sure I can make it up to you, mistress.”

Clearly delighted, a truly wicked grin curled Sofia’s lips as she leaned in to claim another, far deeper kiss but Roxanna just turned away to face Elise again and finally answer the brunette’s question, “In that case, we would be delighted.”

It was subtle, almost unnoticeable in fact, but Elise’s shoulders seemed to relax ever so slightly as she offered a smile of her own, “We have a reservation at the hotel restaurant in...” trailing off the woman glanced at the alarm clock sitting on the nightstand, “about an hour and a half. We can meet you there, or you can walk down with us if you like.”

“Tempting, but we had best be moving.” Roxanna replied as she glanced over her shoulder at her lovers again, “We need to dress properly, and I suspect we could all use a shower after the day’s… *exertions*.”

“You do tend to linger in the shower, *dorogaya*.” Sofia teased with a playfully impish grin, “Do not worry though, Brianna and I would be more than happy to help you wash.”

“Is that so?” Roxanna inquired, lips twitching with barely concealed amusement, “Somehow I do not think that would help the situation overly much, *stríngla*.”

“Perhaps not.” Sofia conceded, that grin never fading, “Yet you cannot deny that it would most certainly be *fun*.”

Already blushing more than a little, well remembering all the times she had shared the bath with one or both of her mistresses, and occasionally with Claudia as well, Brianna’s face practically lit up as she nodded in agreement, “If you like, mistress, I would be happy to wash your back. Or your front.”

Roxanna rolled her eyes playfully even as a certain glint in that soft brown gaze suggested that she might very well take her slave up on that offer, and leaned in to press a soft kiss to the blue-haired girl’s lips, “Come along, *korítsi*.”

“Yes, mistress.” Brianna agreed with another nod as she watched the older woman pull back and begin to climb off the bed.

Movements stiff from sitting still for so long and hip popping audibly as she stood to her full height, Roxanna winced ever so slightly but nonetheless offered a reassuring smile to the concerned looks she received in response. Reaching up with both arms and taking hold of her wrist with one hand to pop her spine, a look of obvious relief painting her features, the olive-skinned woman let out a soft sign as she turned to limp away and began sifting through the various articles of clothing scattered across the room, trying to find the remnants of her own outfit amid the mess. Drawn in by the sight of that elegant and very naked body on full display, especially when her mistress bent down suggestively to retrieve her corset, Brianna practically jumped out of her skin when a pair of calloused hands suddenly took her by the hips. Smiling at that reaction, Sofia did not give her a chance to respond further, claiming the blue-haired girl’s lips and silencing her with a slowly deepening kiss, drawing a beautifully muffled moans from that pale throat as her tongue snaked deeper and deeper, offering a more than pleasant distraction as the blonde took hold of her wrists and locked her arms behind her back with a familiar pair of cuffs.

“Wait here, *devushka*.” the woman practically whispered as she pulled back, a quiet strain in her voice if reluctant to let go, “This will not take a moment.”

Practically whimpered at the loss of contact herself and unconsciously leaning close as if seeking out those velvety lips again, Brianna managed a reluctant nod even as she shivered at the feeling of those hands brushing against her hips one last time, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Sofia murmured quietly as she stole another kiss for good measure before sliding back off the bed to join her lover’s search.

Biting her lip and, as always, more than a little turned on by her mistress’s praise, Brianna watched the woman go with a faint smile on her own lips as she instinctively tested her cuffs, the soft rattle of metal underlining her helplessness. While it was not exactly rare to see any of her lovers naked, the blue-haired girl did not think she would ever tire of the sight regardless. Watching as Roxanna’s elegant frame moved with slow and deliberate grace, the scars on her skin and the hitch in her step only adding to her exotic charms, or seeing Sofia’s athletic and shapely figure practically ripple with power, each step radiating poise as toned muscles moved beneath warmly tanned skin. And yet, before she could fully lose herself in the show unfolding before her a familiar voice called out again, capturing her attention.

“Oh, Blue?” Elise asked with almost faux casualness, the nickname she seemed to enjoy so much rolling off her tongue like velvet, “One more thing.”

Turning her gaze aside with obvious reluctance, just as Sofia held up her new catsuit as if debating how to put it on and Roxanna began to faster her garter belt around her waist with deliberately provocative finesse, Brianna focused her attention on Elise, curious as to what the young dominatrix wanted. Somewhat surprisingly the brunette had shifted again so that she was sitting on the edge of the mattress, the position offering an unimpeded view of her naked body, her pet now curled up on the foot of the bed emphasizing the woman’s cat-like grace while Claire had taken her place at their mistress’s side, hands still cuffed in her lap but the gag that had been stuffed in her mouth now dangling around her throat like some sort of bizarre and kinky necklace. Blushing fiercely, rock hard nipples betraying just how much her body still ached for release in the confines of her chastity belt, the redhead squirmed and rubbed her thighs together unconscionably but still managed an almost hesitant smile when she caught the blue-haired girl’s eyes.

Elise just laughed and kissed her lover on the cheek, “Someone wanted to say ‘thank you’ before you left. Isn’t that right, slut?”

Licking her lips the older woman nodded ever so slightly, “Yes, mistress.”

“Well then,” the brunette teased as she trailed a finger through her slave’s fiery hair and tucked a stray strand behind her ear, “no need to be shy.”

Although her cheeks turned a delightfully rosy shade of pink at her mistress’s teasing, Claire nonetheless managed a tiny smile as she levered herself upright despite the difficulty imposed by her bound hands and slowly closed the distance between the two beds. The sight of that lush, tanned and lightly freckled body clad in nothing but the tiny metal g-string of her chastity belt made Brianna’s breath catch in her throat and by the time the older woman knelt down on the mattress in front of her the blue-haired girl was practically trembling in anticipation, mind alight with possibilities as she wondered just what the redhead was about to do to her. She did not have to wait long. Almost immediately Claire draped her arms over her companion’s shoulders, blue-gray eyes sparkling with amusement and desire as she moved close enough to press their breasts together lightly.

“I honestly don’t know what I expected when I decided to approach you last night.” the redhead confessed with another tiny smile curling her lips, “You just looked so awestruck with everything I couldn’t help myself. Besides, only a delightfully kinky soul would walk around with gag marks so pronounced on their cheeks, without a care in the world.”

Heat rising on her own face to match the older woman’s, Brianna tentatively managed to return that smile, “Well, maybe just a bit.”

Lips twitching in amusement at that rather monumental understatement, especially considering where they were and all the things they had done together, Claire let out a soft sigh, “What I’m trying to say, Brianna Wilde, is that I’m glad to have met you. And after all that,” the older woman paused to brush their lips together and allow her voice to drop into a low, breathy whisper, “I really wish I’d had the courage to kiss you in the pool.”

Even as the practically electric sensation of that almost kiss sent a shiver down her spine, Brianna felt her heart clench in her chest. In the privacy of her own thoughts she’d harbored similar regrets, deeply wishing that she’d taken the opportunity to kiss the other woman when she’d had the chance and utterly grateful that a new opportunity had presented itself. While it was true that Claire had hinted at similar ambitions earlier, to hear it said so plainly was such an unexpectedly arousing revelation that the blue-haired girl practically lunged forward to capture the redhead’s lips in a proper kiss, claiming her with fierce intensity and forcing her tongue deep into that warm and willing mouth. Although clearly surprised, eyes widening in shock at the younger girl’s sudden aggression, Claire still gave in almost instantly, moaning deep in her throat as she went almost limp and yielded to that passion, allowing herself to be dominated by the bound figure in her arms without resistance. Not exactly an unfamiliar sensation given the much briefer kiss they’d shared after the show, but marvelously pleasant all the same.

Breaking the kiss with an audible pop as she pulled away from the dazed redhead, Brianna just smiled, “Me too.”

Worrying her lower lip between pearly white teeth to suppress a grin, clearly delighted by the younger girl’s reaction, Claire responded in kind by flexing her arms and using her bound wrists to pull Brianna’s body against her own and draw a sharp gasp from the blue-haired girl’s throat as their breasts were practically crushed together. Silencing her instantly with a new kiss that put the old one to shame the redhead held nothing back, pressing down with bruising force and probing so deeply and so furiously with her tongue that the younger girl was glad, and not for the first time, that her gag reflex had mostly been trained out of her. Not that she was really thinking about much of anything at the moment of course, pillowed against the older woman’s delightfully full and wonderfully curvy form while equally soft hands caressed the back of her neck and traced the ridges of her spine. Moaning deeply and desperately in her throat, Brianna eagerly gave herself over to that embrace, eyes fluttering closed as she allowed herself to be used. As much as she had enjoyed exploring her dominant side, the memories of riding Claudia’s helpless body or being allowed to bind Mistress Sofia thrilling her even now, it was in moments like this that the blue-haired girl knew in her heart of hearts that she was a submissive soul. The utter loss of control she felt in moments like this was far more intense than mere physical stimulation and much more potent. To her disappointment however, Claire did not maintain the kiss for long. Rather, satisfied that she had proved her point, the older woman pulled back barely a handful of heartbeats later to leave her softly trembling companion flushed and panting and *aching* for more.

Grinning at the look of desperation reflected in the girl’s hazel eyes, and the way she whimpered quietly at the loss of contact, slightly swollen lips pursed as if begging for another kiss, the redhead loosened her grip, “At least we’re making up for it now.” for the briefest instant that smile turned positively *wicked*, “And on both sets of lips no less. I just wish I wasn’t wearing this damn belt so you could return the favor.”

Brianna’s face went positively *neon* at that suggestion, a spark of desperate want flashing in her hazel eyes as she very much wished the same thing. And yet, even as a tiny smile curled her own lips a soft and unfamiliar voice thick with amusement and tinged with affection cut in, “You really are *such* a slut, you know that?”

Blinking in surprise, the blue-haired girl glanced past the redhead’s shoulder to see that it was Elise’s pet who had spoken. A fact that was more than a little surprising as, aside from some soft moans and muffled cries, it was the first time she’d actually heard the latex-covered woman say *anything*. Honestly she had a nice voice, smooth and soothing if slightly rough from screaming in pleasure. A fact that made Brianna smirk ever so slightly, well knowing that she was the cause of said screaming. Having uncoiled herself from where she’d been lounging quietly at her mistress’s feet, the slender figure had rolled into her stomach and propped herself up on both elbows, back curved sharply in a rather impressive display of flexibility while an almost bemused look reflected in those strikingly pale blue eyes of hers. A look that was enhanced by the stud curved through her eyebrow and the small, blunted spikes pierced through her lower lip.

Claire just took it in stride, clearly more than familiar with this sort of banter and looking more complimented by the accusation than anything as she glanced back and playfully stuck out her tongue, “That’s rich coming from *you*...”

Whatever else she had been about to say was suddenly cut short when Elise, moving with the grace of a cat and the swiftness of a viper, sprang from the bed and jammed the ball gag dangling around the older woman’s throat back into her mouth in one smooth motion, a tiny smirk curling her own pierced lips as she tightened it down firmly, “That’s because *some* of my pets know how to behave themselves.”

The change that overcame Claire in that moment was almost instantaneous, a deep and distressingly *sensual* moan escaping the woman’s beautifully curved throat as she threw her head back and closed her eyes, body arching sharply as she leaned into her mistress’s naked form and gave herself over to the younger woman’s power. Smirk shifting into a slightly crooked but clearly amused smile, Elise ran her hands down her slave’s arms and gently took the woman’s bound wrists to lift her up out of Brianna’s lap. Much to their mutual disappointment if the blue-haired girl’s quiet pout and the redhead’s muffled whine were any indication. Not that the dominatrix seemed to care one way or the other as she pulled Claire up off the bed and across the way before forcing her down next to the latex-clad woman again.

“Much better, slut. Much better.” the brunette practically whispered as she gently cupped the older woman’s face with one hand while running her fingers through that wild, fiery mane, “Keep being a good girl and *maybe* you’ll get a reward.”

Eyes still closed, Claire moaned quietly into her gag as she leaned into that touch, “Mmph, mnphphrmphph.”

“There’s my good girl.” Elise cooed as she kissed the rubber ball protruding from her lover’s mouth and playfully nipped at her lower lip.

Cheeks still hot, Brianna tried to suppress a moan as she watched the display, both drawn in and intensely turned on by the contrast of Claire’s shift from playful and domineering to utterly submissive in what seemed like the blink of an eye. While she supposed it wasn’t all that strange in truth, her own moods could be… mercurial at times and Claudia seemed to be able to turn on a dime between her dominant and submissive sides when she wanted, seeing the older woman veer so quickly between the two extremes felt different somehow. Almost as if the redhead didn’t get an opportunity to indulge herself like this very often and so had taken hold of the opportunity with both hands such as it was. Whatever the case, it made the blue-haired girl happy to think that she had been able to help in some small way, just as her own lovers had helped her to explore herself, though that kiss had certainly made things more than worthwhile. As the scene shifted and Elise leaned in for another kiss, the latex-clad woman suddenly picked herself up and wrapped her fellow slave in a warm and soothing embrace, resting her head on a tanned shoulder, seemingly content. Even if some part of her still desperately wanted to know just who that alluring and *talented* figure sheathed in rubber actually was Brianna could not help but smile. It was also clear to her that the trio cared about each other very much whatever their actual relationship might be and, thinking back on her own tangled web of relationships and the thread of love that bound them together, she decided that was more than enough.

It was at that moment that a hand fell onto her shoulder and Brianna instinctively looked up to see Roxanna smiling down at her. In a rather impressive display the woman had finished dressing in what had to have been record time, her clothing almost immaculate with her corset back in place and her skirt smoothed out. Even her stockings were perfectly in place and if not for the jumbled and rather disheveled set of her rich mahogany hair it would have been impossible to tell that anything at all had happened.

“So sorry for the wait, *korítsi*.” her mistress almost purred as she rested her free hand on the younger girl’s cheek and clipped the leash firmly back onto her collar, “I do hope that you did not miss us too terribly much?”

“N… no, mistress.” Brianna eventually managed despite the question being mostly rhetorical, a shuddering breath escaping her as the olive-skinned woman’s fingers traced down the sensitive skin of her throat and across her chest.

Subtle as it was Roxanna’s smile still lit up the room, “Marvelous. Now, do come along. I, for one, could use a hot bath before dinner.”

Nodding at that command, well understanding the offer for what it was, Brianna returned that smile as she allowed herself to be pulled upright, “Yes, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Roxanna almost whispered as she moved to cup the blue-haired girl’s cheek again and leaned in to plant a pleasantly soft kiss on her lips, “Though I suppose it would be rude not to say goodbye to your new friends first.”

“I’d like to think we’re your friends as well by this point.” Elise interjected as she glanced over at the pair while allowing her hand to glide through Claire’s rich red hair and down onto the latex-clad woman’s head in a soft and affectionate gesture, “Especially after everything we’ve shared.” The knowing look in the woman’s stormy eyes drew a new blush to Brianna’s features, “Besides, I wouldn’t call this *goodbye* so much as *farewell*.”

“A fair point, *dorogaya*.” Sofia pointed out as she slipped around the bed to take Roxanna into her arms, “Though parting can be such *sweet* sorrow.”

While that sentiment certainly resonated, what truly drew Brianna’s attention was what the blonde was wearing, or rather what she *wasn’t*. Unlike her lover, who had meticulously and thoroughly dressed, Sofia had opted not to squeeze back into her catsuit or don the leathers she had been wearing earlier in the day. Instead the athletic woman had slipped on a slender g-string, the same piece of lingerie that Roxanna had been wearing earlier in fact that left virtually *nothing* to the imagination and suggested that the olive-skinned woman had nothing beneath her own clothes. Nothing she hadn’t seen before, of course, but an incredibly enticing sight regardless. Still, as the blue-haired girl took in the view and felt her skin heat up with desire, part of her could not help but wonder if this particular display of exhibitionism on her mistress’s part was born of laziness or a desire to titillate, or some combination of the two. Not that she supposed it mattered, and not that Sofia had ever needed any particular reason to show off her body of course. Roxanna certainly seemed to agree, leaning into her lover’s nearly naked body with a look of utter bliss painting her features.

“Perhaps.” the olive-skinned woman decided after a long, *long* moment the tiniest of smiles curled her lips, “Although is that truly all you plan on wearing, *stríngla*?”

“Indeed.” Sofia answered without hesitation as she shifted her stance to kiss her lover’s bare shoulder before working her way up that delicate throat to tease the curl of an ear between sharp, ivory teeth, “It would be a shame to go to all of that effort only to undress again in a few moments, would it not?”

“Makes sense to me.” Elise added as she pulled away from Claire ever so slightly and sat back down on the bed, gently pushing the latex-clad woman aside so that she could wriggle between her lovers.

Sofia just chuckled ever so slightly before adopting a softer and deliberately maudlin tone, “Do you truly object, *dorogaya*?”

Biting the corner of her lip to suppress a grin, Roxanna let out a quietly appreciative hum as she tilted her head ever so slightly to the side, “I did not say *that*.”

A look of triumph briefly crossed Sofia’s face at that before she moved to claim her lover’s lips in a firm but surprisingly gentle kiss, the blonde shifting her stance yet again as Roxanna practically melted into her, the olive-skinned woman throwing her arms around that athletic and sun-kissed frame and holding tight. Taking the opportunity to climb to her feet unaided despite the imposition of having her hands bound behind her back, Brianna rolled her shoulders to stretch even as she allowed hazed eyes to roam over her mistresses with a smile. As much as she loved both women, and as much as they had proven that they loved her in turn, there would always be moments like this that betrayed the history they shared with one another. The passion, restrained though it could be at times, that they so casually displayed without a care in the world. Daring to step close, the blue-haired girl pressed herself against Roxanna’s back, feeling the slick and yet strangely rough surface of the woman’s corset on her skin as she rested her cheek against the elegant curve of a shoulder, joining in on their display of affection in spirit if not in fact. Sofia certainly seemed to appreciate the initiative, snaking an arm around the younger girl’s waist to hold her tight as she continued to duel with her lover’s tongue. Still, as was so often the case, it could not last forever and after what felt like an eternity of basking in that silky warmth Roxanna eventually managed to rouse herself enough to break free, turning her head ever so slightly to end the kiss even as she steadfastly refused to loosen her embrace in the slightest.

“We… we really should be going.” the olive-skinned woman managed, her heart not truly in those words as she brushed her lips against the blonde’s cheek.

“We should.” Sofia mirrored with a grin before tilted her own head to glance at Brianna, “Wouldn’t you agree, *devushka*?”

Wetting her lips with the tip of her tongue even as she smiled, the blue-haired girl nodded as best she could in her current position, “Yes, mistress.”

“Oh, no need to stop on *our* account.” Elise teased, the positively devilish grin on the pale brunette’s pierced lips making Brianna blush ever so softly, “I for one always appreciate a good show before dinner.”

*That* prompted an unexpected, and certainly unladylike, snort of laughter from Roxanna as the woman chuckled softly and shook her head in wry amusement. Seizing the opportunity to disentangle herself from Sofia’s grasp and take hold of Brianna’s leash, the blue-haired girl obediently stepping back and lowering her head as she watched her mistress through her bangs, the olive-skinned woman gathered herself once more and offered Elise a wan smile. For a long moment that elegant figure just stood there quietly, hand resting on a jauntily cocked hip as she weighed her words carefully, so much so that the silence grew almost uncomfortable before she finally spoke.

“A pleasant idea, but there will be more than enough time for that later I should think.” Roxanna eventually offered, “For now I thank you for the invitation even as I fear we must take our leave if we wish to be ready in time.”

If anything the young dominatrix seemed amused by that deliberately overwrought formality, a faint twinkle in her stormy eyes and an impish smile curling her lips as she fell back into character, straightening her spine as she shifted her body to sit in Claire’s lap and recline against her plaything’s ample breasts, the older woman blushing ever so softly in response. As that familiar, regal mask slipped back into place, like a queen holding court from atop a throne of naked flesh, Elise nodded ever so slightly, “It was no trouble. Besides, while we will hate to see you leave, I must confess that we’ll *love* to watch you go.”

Her ability to deliver that old joke with a mostly straight face prompted Sofia to laugh softly and suggestively mold herself against her lover’s back, voice pitched into a low and seductive whisper as she allowed a hand to trail down the olive-skinned woman’s side to caress the bare skin of a thigh just visible through the slit in her skirt, “Perhaps a show might not be *completely* out of the question, *dorogaya*.”

Briefly glancing over her shoulder to shoot the blonde a look that screamed “behave,” Roxanna still winked ever so playfully at her lover as she offered Elise an impressively deep curtsy given the restriction of the long pencil skirt she was wearing. Understanding the gesture for what it was, the pale brunette just nodded again and offered a slender smile as she waved her hand in a playfully dismissive gesture, still not quite willing to break character. More than happy to play along, the olive-skinned woman simply tilted her head ever so slightly in acknowledgment, the ghost of a smile pulling her own lips as she tightened her grip on Brianna’s leash and took Sofia by the hand to lead both of her lovers toward the door without a word, pausing only long enough to allow the blonde to grab their bags before slipping out of the room and back into the hallway. Biting her lip to maintain her own silence despite the eyes she could practically *feel* burning a hole in her back, Brianna followed along obediently. It was only when they stood alone in that dimly lit corridor, the sound of the door closing behind them echoing with an odd sense of finality, that the moment finally broke and the blue-haired girl dared to release the breath she hadn’t even realized she’d been holding.

And yet, before she could even think of reacting Sofia suddenly reached up over her head with both hands as she arched her back in that effortlessly sensual way of hers and popped her vertebrae one at a time, a deep and throaty moan that very nearly brought the blush back to Brianna’s face escaping the nearly naked woman as she stretched, “A most satisfying afternoon, would you not agree *dorogaya*?”

“Most certainly.” Roxanna responded, not even glancing back at her lover as she began to slowly limp her way down the hall, rich carpeting muffling the sound of her stiletto heels as she idly wrapped the leash around her palm to draw the blue-haired girl even closer, “And most *educational* as well.”

That no so subtle implication about her own experiences just made Sofia chuckle again as she moved to walk almost languidly at the olive-skinned woman’s side, the padding of her bare feet almost as hypnotic as the sway of her mostly bare ass, “Yes, I suppose we have all learned a great many things today, *dorogaya*.” Smile turning sly, the blonde reached back to wrap Brianna up in a gentle but insistent embrace and practically purred, “And I know just whom we have to thank for that education.”

Blush returning now even as she leaned into that warm, taut and yet somehow soft body the bound girl found herself smiling despite herself “You’re very welcome, mistress. But you don’t need to thank me, I have everything I need right here.”

It was a truth that had always resonated in Brianna’s heart. No matter what else she might learn, no matter how much she might grow, there was a comfort she felt only when basking in the presence of those she loved. Moments like this when the whole world seemed reduced to a pair of wonderfully soft and wonderfully familiar bodies, the warmth of their presence and the intimacy of their touch setting her heart at ease in a way that she had never in her life experienced before. As if unable to help herself a soft and utterly adorable whine escaped Sofia’s throat as she tightened her grip and practically nuzzled the blue-haired girl, an utterly vulpine grin curling the woman’s lips as she affirmed their bond in the best way she knew how. Smiling warmly at the display Roxanna joined in a heartbeat later; the olive-skinned woman, leaning in close, entwined her own arms around the pair while allowing a hand to glide along Brianna’s spine and held itself to a generous handful of the girl’s well-curved ass. Shivering, both at the passage of those delicate fingers and at the not so unexpected squeeze that followed, the bound girl practically melted into her mistresses’ touch, the subtle chill of the darkened hallway instantly banished by the warmth of the bodies practically sandwiching her between them and the gentle glow of their presence. It was only then, utterly lost in the moment as she was slowly led back upstairs, that Brianna found herself contemplating the events of the day, Sofia’s words from earlier ringing in her ears.

Not for the first time she marveled that so little time had actually passed, that barely more than a day earlier she’d been sitting in the front seat of their car, bound and gagged and brimming with excitement as her imagination ran wild with fantasies about the adventures that lay ahead. And yet, between meeting Claire and her mistress, performing on stage, getting a kiss from an actual *porn star* of all things, to say nothing of being paraded about in little more than the leather harness she was still wearing before almost literally having her mind blown by an incredibly skilled and wickedly pierced tongue it felt more like days, maybe even weeks had gone by. And of course between the bag of new toys slung over Sofia’s shoulder and the unexpected dinner date looming on the horizon the day was far from over yet. It was both incredible and oh so very satisfying to realize that, no matter how much she had wondered about this day, no matter how much she had envisioned what it might be like, the reality had blown even her wildest dreams out of the water. The people she had met, the things she had done, beyond even her most uninhibited imaginings.

Closing her eyes the blue-haired girl felt her mind begin to wander, goosebumps rising on pale skin as she recalled the thrill of stepping onto stage for the first time and a smile curling her lips at the memory of the impromptu pony show that had followed. To be perfectly honest Brianna could not help but marvel at how exciting, how *natural*, exhibiting herself and all of her kinks to the world had felt and just how utterly *impossible* it would have seemed once upon a time. True, meeting so many fellow kinksters had certainly played a role, the reality of being surrounded by so many proudly uninhibited people relaxing her more than a little, but deep down she knew it was more than that. Perhaps it had always been inside of her, this carefree girl who felt not the slightest bit of shame at striding down the hall with her breasts bare and her ass hanging out, but it had taken love and care and the encouragement of her lovers to bring it out. As much as the blue-haired girl knew it was a work in progress, this quest to become who she wanted to be, she had also come to realize that perhaps that did not matter as long as she continued to walk the path and as long as those she cared for most continued to walk at her sides.

Opening her eyes again, Brianna simply smiled as she sank into that embrace and allowed herself to be led through the dim and twisting corridors of the hotel, the sheer emptiness of the halls almost eerie in their cool silence. Still, the bound girl held her tongue and neither of her mistresses felt the need to comment either, all three of them more than happy to simply bask in each other as they made their way up seemingly endless flights of stairs and through the maze-like corridors of the fifth floor. Despite herself, some part of the blue-haired girl expected things to feel different as the door to their room came into sight once again and she was quietly ushered back inside, but the remarkably tidy space was exactly as she remembered it. The beds had been made, their luggage was still neatly packed away and even their personal effects, makeup and brushes and more… *intimate* things, were carefully organized and laid out for use. Roxanna had always been rather fastidious about her living spaces after all and Sofia, despite her more carefree nature, had always followed in her lover’s wake in that regard. No, nothing had changed and while that was hardly unexpected some part of the blue-haired girl could not help but think it felt off somehow compared to the comfortably lived in chaos they had just left behind.

Not that Brianna had much time to contemplate that strangely inexplicable feeling as she was guided into the little foyer and the hand that had been cupping her ass began to trail up her spine again, delicate fingers teasing the ridges of each and every vertebrae with care. Smiling faintly at the way her plaything shivered beneath her touch, Roxanna stepped in front of the blue-haired girl and looped her arms over pale shoulders to trap her in place as she claimed soft and eager lips with her own. At the same moment Sofia placed her hands on the girl’s hips and pressed a kiss behind her ear, full lips gliding over delicate skin as she worked her way down to nip at an already racing pulse.

Despite her earlier exhaustion Brianna felt a frisson of heat bloom between her thighs, eyes sliding closed and a moan escaping her throat as calloused hands began to roam over her body and unbuckle the straps of her harness one at a time while an eager tongue thrust itself into her mouth. Silky palms cupping her cheeks as the kiss deepened, the blue-haired girl felt herself being slowly led across the way as what little remained of her clothing was stripped away bit by bit, the harness falling from her bare body as Sofia moved to embrace her properly. As calloused fingers caressed her stomach and a delightfully toned yet wonderfully curved figure pressed itself against her back the kiss broke with a faintly audible pop and, with a quiet whine deep in her throat, Brianna pursed her lips ever so slightly as she dared to open her eyes, breath suddenly catching in her throat as she found herself practically speared in place by Roxanna’s gaze, the seemingly endless depths of the olive-skinned woman’s own deep brown eyes threatening to swallow her whole even as the faintest hints of hunger hiding there sent a shiver up her spine. It was so easy to forget at times just who and what her mistress was, the power (both figuratively and literally) that she wielded with such effortless grace. A link that they shared beyond the collar circling the blue-haired girl’s throat and an utterly exhilarating truth forever engraved upon her soul.

As if reading her plaything’s mind Roxanna offered a knowing and faintly crooked smile, her eyes practically sparkling with amusement as she moved to caress Brianna’s jaw, fingers gliding under the bound girl’s chin before caressing the delicate curve of her throat, “Are you alright, *korítsi*? You look positively feverish.”

Drawing a shuddering breath as well polished nails tickled sensitive skin with their passage, Brianna managed a tiny nod even as her lips twitched ever so slightly in amusement, “Yes, mistress.”

“That is good to hear.” the olive-skinned woman mused as she drew a finger down the younger girl’s chest and between slight yet shapely breasts, “Still, after all of that… *exercise* I suspect that a nice hot bath and a good massage would not be out of place, no?”

Biting her lip to suppress a moan as she leaned into her mistress’s touch and unconsciously strained against her cuffs, Brianna gasped when calloused hands trailed down her thighs and between her legs while deceptively strong fingers pinched her nipples. Despite those distractions, however, the sensual promise hidden in those deceptively coy words brought an honest smile to her face, “That sounds wonderful, mistress.”

“Good girl.” Roxanna murmured in a low and breathy whisper as she leaned in close to brush their lips together, “Such a good girl.”

Allowing a pair of fingers to trace the lips of the blue-haired girl’s labia and flick at the ring piercing her clit as she nipped playfully at an ear, Sofia practically purred, “Let us take care of you now, *devushka*.”

Some small part of her wanted to protest, to point out that they had always cared for her, always showered her in all the love and affection she could ever want, but neither of her mistresses gave her a chance. Caught between a storm of questing hands and hungry lips Brianna arched her neck and moaned as she found herself slowly and yet insistently pulled into the bathroom, the feeling of cool tile under her bare feet marking each and every step until Roxanna finally pulled away and took the opportunity to switch the lights on. In a flash the tiny room was illuminated, the sudden fluorescent glare off polished white tile forcing the blue-haired girl to squint almost painfully, but soon enough Sofia claimed her mouth again with such passionate intensity that the rest of the world seemed to disappear. Moaning even more desperately as she practically melted into the athletic woman’s arms, Brianna barely noticed anything as she was forced back into the shower and pushed up against the slick surface, the wall pinning her bound arms in place.

That moan became a gasp when the blonde stepped closer and pressed her well curved body against the girl’s own, practically crushing their breasts together as she wove her fingers into silky blue hair with one hand and slipped off the last of her clothing with the other. Biting her lip against the intoxicatingly erotic sensation of having her hair pulled and tilting her head to grant her mistress better access, she rested her chin on the older woman’s shoulder and sighed softly as she glanced across the room. Standing in front of the mirror, turned at the waist to face ever so slightly away, was Roxanna. Although the olive-skinned woman was seemingly absorbed in the task of removing her jewelry, the choker that had been circling her throat now sitting on the counter as she removed her rings and the hoops dangling from her ears one at a time, the scarred beauty’s sharp eyes followed the show reflected in the mirror with obvious intensity, the ghost of a smile gracing her features as Sofia’s lips found their plaything’s neck and a shuddering moan escaped Brianna’s throat as she once again lost herself in a sea of pleasure.

“You know, *stríngla*.” the woman offered, almost casually as she slipped the bracelets from her wrists, “Snacks before dinner will spoil your appetite.”

Sucking on the blue-haired girl’s pulse just hard enough to leave a faint mark, and drawing out another beautifully intense moan, Sofia grinned with obvious amusement, “But *dorogaya*, who could resist such a *delectable* feast.”

Shaking her head ever so slightly, especially at the way Brianna’s face lit up with aroused embarrassment, Roxanna let out a deliberately put upon sigh as she unzipped her skirt and unclasped her corset, the garments falling away without warning to once again leave her gloriously elegant body clad in nothing but a pair of stockings, “You truly are an insatiable beast sometimes.”

“Only sometimes?” Sofia teased even as she allowed her eyes to roam shamelessly over her lover’s curves and tightened her grip on the bound girl in her arms, stance shifting to press a well tanned leg between pale thighs.

Already trembling with need, Brianna gasped at the way that sudden contact trapped the ring pierced through her clit against her most sensitive flesh and sent a marvelously intense trill of pleasure up her spine. And yet, despite the sharp and shuddering breath that followed when her mistress shifted again to amplify the sensation her eyes never once left the sight of Roxanna bending down suggestively to remove her stockings. Holding the position for far longer than necessary, clearly aware of the gaze following her, the olive-skinned woman allowed her fingertip to roam along her calves and trace the scars on her thighs as she rocked her hips from side to side in an almost hypnotic rhythm. Practically trembling now the blue-haired girl bit her lip to suppress a whimper as her mistress rose to her full height with almost impossibly sinuous grace and *stalked* across the room, the uneven tempo of her limp only adding to the raw sensuality of the display. Throat suddenly dry, Brianna swallowed hard as the woman drew closer and closer and *closer*, that smile growing practically devilish as she stopped not more than a pace or two away and rested one hand on a scarred hip while the other reached out almost almost lazily and took hold of the shower handle.

“Perhaps you should cool down a bit, *stríngla.*”

With that the olive-skinned woman’s smile shifted into the faintest of smirks, those dark brown eyes of hers practically sparkling with amusement as she turned the water on full blast, the sudden icy spray making the Brianna shriek in surprise even as Sofia let out a yelp of protest and pulled the blue-haired girl close. Though whether that was in hopes of shielding her young lover from the cold or simply an effort to claim the warmth of that helplessly bound figure for herself was difficult to say. Whatever the case Roxanna just chuckled at their reactions, clearly pleased with her little prank as she stepped into the shower herself and closed the curtain behind her, water sluicing over her naked body and raising goosebumps along its path as she drew the blonde into a loose embrace. Sofia pretended to resist at first, pouting prettily as she turned away from the lover, but the faint smile tugging at her lips ruined the effect and soon enough the silky soft fingers running up and down her back made the athletic woman purr like a kitten as she closed her eyes and allowed herself to be drawn into a kiss. Feeling more than a little emboldened herself by that familiar but no less enticing display of passion, Brianna threw her shoulders back to push away from the wall and craned her neck to try and join in, but between the height difference and Sofia’s lips being very *thoroughly* occupied the best she could manage was laying a kiss on her mistress’s shoulder. Still, not one to be discouraged easily, the blue-haired girl simply changed tacks, dragging her lips down the blonde’s chest and along the curve of a breast, utterly delighted by the way the woman moaned in her throat and shifted her body in response to offer better access. Unconsciously rocking her hips to practically ride the toned thigh pressed tight against her pussy, Brianna felt her own libido spike as she began to slowly and methodically lick droplets of water from sun-kissed skin, working her way ever lower until she took a hard and eager nipple into her mouth.

What little self control Sofia had left shattered completely in that moment and the blonde let out a long, low growl as she straightened up and snaked one arm around Roxanna waist to pull the olive-skinned woman’s body tightly against her own while the other reached up to roughly grab Brianna’s hair and practically lock the girl’s lips in place. Shivering in excitement now as their passions began to heat up, much like the water pouring over their bodies, the bound girl closed her eyes and continued to worship her mistress’s breast as the athletic woman took control of the kiss and shoved her lover up against her slick tile walls with enough force to drive a moan from that elegant throat. Arousal spiking again at the way Roxanna surrendered to that fierce and hungry touch, to say nothing of the way Sofia’s thigh began to grind against her in earnest, Brianna found herself panting almost uncontrollably, breathing in the ever thickening steam filling the air as she practically writhed against the athletic form pinning her in place, licking and sucking and teasing the throbbing nipple trapped between her lips and grinning at the way her mistress trembled ever so slightly beneath her ministrations. Exhaustion utterly forgotten now the blue-haired girl picked up the pace, bucking her hips almost wildly as she practically humped the blonde’s leg, the embers of orgasm slowly igniting within her as she began to pant in earnest. Clenching her eyes tight, Brianna moans became a whimper as she strained against the cuffs binding her arms, desperate to embrace her mistresses and hold them close as the familiar, yawning abyss of climax opened up before her.

And yet, as she should have expected, it was not to be.

Hovering on the very brink of release, her entire body trembling with raw and desperate want, Brianna felt the fingers woven into her hair tighten ever so slightly as her head was jerked back hard enough to pop the breast that had been practically filling her mouth free with an almost audible sound. In the same motion she was pushed away from her mistress’s warm and inviting body, almost stumbling over her own two feet without the use of her hands to stabilize her. Thankfully the blue-haired girl managed to eventually catch herself against the far wall with her shoulder, but when she dared to look up again her breath caught in her throat at the sight of Sofia grinning down at her almost triumphantly, a hunger reflected in that arctic gaze that made her pussy clench and a whole new shiver race up her spine. Casually pulling Roxanna to her side, posture radiating the sort of graceful power that brought to mind a lion sizing up its prey, the blonde slowly and deliberately tilted her head to whisper *something* into the olive-skinned woman’s ear, lips brushing along delicate skin as she did so. Biting her lip and actually shivering at that feather-light touch, the brunette moaned softly as she leaned into her lover’s body and nodded ever so slightly in agreement. Whatever it was that had been decided certainly seemed to please the blonde, the corners of Sofia’s lips tugging into the faintest of smirks as she kissed the other woman on the cheek and suddenly planted her hands on either side of Brianna’s head to practically pin the bound girl in place. Feeling very much like a deer facing down a wolf, the blue-haired girl could do little more than stare as those piercing blue eyes seemed to bore into her, stripping her to the core for all that she was already naked.

“Tell me, *devushka*.” Sofia practically breathed as she leaned in so close that her full breasts just barely touched the younger girl’s more modest pair, “Are you ready?”

Mind alight with possibility, and body practically burning with need at the sheer promise reflected in those cerulean depths, the blue-haired girl bit her lip to suppress a moan as she nodded almost frantically.

For the briefest instant Sofia’s smile shifted into something warm and familiar before that impish smirk returned in full force, the woman’s voice reduced to a sensuous and breathy purr, “Very good, but do remember to be careful what you wish for.”

With that Brianna felt her lips being taken into a fierce and possessive kiss, a hot tongue forcing its way into her mouth to claim her with a silent and indelible brand. In that same motion Sofia cupped her face with one hand while the other rested on her hip and in that instant the bound girl was lost. Moaning deep in her throat she went practically limp as she gave herself over to her mistress’s touch, shivering in absolute delight as she allowed the heady sensation of being dominated by something as simple as a kiss wash over her. Perhaps some part of her had begun to forget given the blonde’s unexpected and positively *erotic* show of submission earlier, but in this moment a truth written into the blue-haired girl’s very soul was reaffirmed. That no matter what liberties her mistresses might allow her, no matter what facets of themselves that might display to others, every single part of her was theirs to do with as they pleased and she wouldn’t have it any other way.

Slowly but surely the kiss grew deeper and hungrier, the older woman leaning in even further, as if desperate to maximize contact with the pale girl’s silky soft skin. So much so in fact that Brianna actually felt that impressively firm bust actually shove her back against the wall for a second time. Yet even as she let out a shuddering moan and parted her lips as far as they could go, silently begging her mistress for more, something unexpected happened. Roxanna, who had been silently watching her lovers lose themselves in their passions, a slender and yet warm smile curling her own lips at the display, suddenly moved. Placing one hand on Sofia’s back and gently tracing the outlines of a shoulder blade while the other glided along the ridges of the blonde’s stomach, the olive-skinned woman slowly and shakily lowered herself down onto her knees and rested her cheek against a well-turned thigh. For a moment she just knelt there, smile shifting ever so slightly into a smirk as she allowed her hands to explore the other woman’s body, both amused and delighted by the way firm muscles twitched beneath her touch, but she was far from finished. Tilting her head, Roxanna allowed her lips to brush along the curve of a hip and down the smooth planes of Sofia’s pelvis as she slipped, somewhat awkwardly, between the statuesque figure’s legs and paused just long enough to admire her newfound view. Even with her own lips still very much occupied the blonde growled deep in her throat, frustration evident as she pulled her hand free from Brianna’s body to tangle her fingers into her lover’s long mahogany hair and forced the olive-skinned woman’s silky soft mouth against her cleanly shaven sex. Not that the scarred beauty protested. Indeed, she seemed more pleased than anything as she began to lap at Sofia’s pussy with long and even strokes, the athletic woman’s body trembling beneath her tongue as tiny whimpers escaped her throat.

Despite the poor angle, and being kissed as if her life depended on it, Brianna was still utterly entranced by the display. While she had witnessed her mistresses make love many times before it had never been so visceral, so *raw*. Sofia might have been the wildest and most aggressive of her lovers, but with Roxanna the blonde had always been so gentle, almost submissive at times even if she had never fully crossed that line before. And yet, to see the woman acting so *forcefully* as she maintained control of the kiss and held her lover’s head firmly in place, the olive-skinned woman literally on her knees as she licked pussy, was utterly intoxicating.

On closer inspection, however, it was clear that things were a bit more complicated than that. For all that Sofia appeared to be in control her muscles were tense and her entire body was trembling, the faintest of whimpers escaping her throat despite her best efforts, while Roxanna continued to caress and explore that marvelously toned body unimpeded, her tongue moving in slow and deliberately teasing patterns as she worked. Even the grip woven into her hair was more playfully insistent than actually harsh. Whatever the case though it was more than enough to send the already smoldering ember of arousal slowly burning between Brianna’s legs into a blazing frenzy and make her lean into her mistress’s kiss with almost desperate want as they both slowly lost themselves in frustrated pleasure.

As if sensing the rising tension Roxanna shifted ever so slightly, allowing one of her hands to glide down Sofia’s side and around her back, tracing the contours of her generously curved yet remarkably firm ass before cupping a cheek and squeezing while the other reached back to touch the blue-haired girl’s leg. Pausing ever so briefly when she felt both of her lovers tremble in barely restrained excitement before redoubling her efforts, the olive-skinned teasingly brushed her nails along the delicate skin of Brianna’s inner thigh, eliciting an almost violent shudder before plunging a pair of long and slender fingers into the girl’s tight and eager pussy. Gasping at the sudden intrusion even as her body clenched tight in response, Brianna moaned deep in her throat as those delicate and oh so clever fingers curled *just right* to hit all of her most sensitive spots at once. Practically whimpering despite Sofia’s best efforts to keep her quiet, not that the blonde was faring much better as Roxanna’s tongue probed deep, the bound girl began to squirm and writhe in her confinement, grinding her breasts against her mistress’s own generous bosom as she rocked her hips to practically ride the digits impaling her. It was then that the olive-skinned woman stepped up her game again, flicking at the ring piercing the blue-haired girl’s clit before teasing that delicate nub with the tip of her thumb, forcing a deep and desperate cry from that captive throat as she worked. Lost in the feeling of the lush body pressed against her own and the strong arms holding her tight, to say nothing of the devilishly talented fingers thrusting into her quivering pussy again and *again*, Brianna clenched her eyes shut, so tight in fact that tears began to run down her cheeks as she gave herself over to that wonderfully intense sensation, every trace of her earlier exhaustion utterly banished by the sheer intensity of the pleasure flooded her as heart raced and her body trembled on the bleeding edge of orgasm.

By that point the steam filling the air had become almost chokingly thick, clouds of mist shrouding their intertwined forms as sprays of water pour over their bodies in a seemingly endless wave. A haze nearly as hot and intense as the sensations clouding her mind. And yet, even then some part of Brianna feared that her mistresses might pull back at the last moment as they so often did to leave her trembling on the precipice and unable to find the relief she so desperately craved. It was a common enough game after all, and one that she honestly loved almost as much as she dreaded, paradoxically enough. To her immense delight, however, neither of her lovers seemed intent on slowing down.

Quivering on the edge herself Sofia only seemed to grow more passionate as she kissed and caressed and fondled the blue-haired girl, her hands shaky and almost desperate as she worked. Clearly done with foreplay, Roxanna took ruthless advantage of the situation, shifting her approach yet again to begin sucking gently on her lover’s clit, teasing that sensitive nub with the tip of her tongue as she allowed her free hand to glide down the blonde’s well turned leg and between her own thighs. In the same motion the olive-skinned woman curled her fingers just enough to make Brianna howl and increased the tempo of her thrusts yet again as she began to masturbate in earnest.

It was a race at that point to see who would break first and, to the blue-haired girl’s immense surprise, even as she began to buck her hips madly and grind against Roxanna’s palm it was Sofia whose self control failed. Without warning the blonde suddenly went stiff, every muscle in her body pulling as taut as steel wire for the briefest of instants before her back arched sharply and she shrieked in utter, rapturous ecstasy. Sensing an opportunity, and seized by the boldness that had begun to take root in her soul of late, Brianna suddenly lunged forward despite the awkwardness of having her hands bound behind her back and practically crushed her lips against the athletic woman’s own. Kissing the blonde for all she was worth, and prompting the arms circling her body to tightened fiercely in response, the younger girl tried to take control and plunge her tongue into that sweet and willing mouth but as soon as she felt Sofia begin to soften ever so slightly as she trembled beneath the aftershocks still assaulting her Roxanna proved that, for all that she was still on her knees, *she* was in control.

In one swift motion the olive-skinned woman plunged her tongue into her lover’s trembling sex, eagerly lapping at that velvety heat within and almost instantly pushing the tanned and toned figure over the edge while she arched her palm to grind the heel of her hand against Brianna’s throbbing clit and brush the tips of her fingers against the most sensitive spots hidden deep within the blue-haired girl’s body. The effect was almost instantaneous and whatever pretensions of control that Brianna had cherished were utterly shattered when a fierce spasm wracked her frame and her vaginal muscles clenched tight. Sofia, positively *howling* as she crested the peak for a second time, practically crushed the younger girl’s bucking and writhing form against her own, eyes clenched shut and body positively quaking as she rode her lover’s tongue. A surge of pleasure as hot as fire racing through her own veins like lightning, the blue-haired girl went limp and surrendered to that kiss, allowing the blonde’s tongue to press deep into her mouth as Roxanna worked her body with all the precision of a maestro. Still not satisfied however, and masturbating in earnest now, the olive-skinned woman continued to push her lovers to their very limits, every muffled cry and uncontrollable shiver stoking the fires in her own core until all three of them were perched upon the razor’s edge.

Given all that she had already endured it was perhaps no surprise that Sofia broke first. Despite her wild enthusiasm the blonde seemed to sag in on herself and very nearly collapsed against Brianna’s body, helplessly pinning the girl against the wall with the weight of her own toned frame as she finally surrendered to the blissful sensations assaulting her. And yet she still somehow managed to remain in control of the blue-haired girl’s lips through it all. Of course, for all that she found that little detail amusing, Brianna was not given much time to appreciate either that increasingly insistent kiss or the pleasantly soft warmth of that older woman’s majestically buxom form before Roxanna’s fingers finally found what they were looking for and a bolt of absolute bliss exploded in her brain. Hips bucking hard and eyes going wide, the blue-haired girl let out a harshly muffled scream as she came and then came again when her mistress finally drew her mouth away from Sofia’s body to give her young plaything’s hypersensitive clit a playful like, the tip of that wondrously soft tongue playing with her piercing in all the ways that she loved. In that state time seemed to lose all meaning as she slipped into herself, the heat of the water pouring over her and the silky softness of the skin pressed up against her own sending the bound girl into the thick and comforting darkness of subspace, trills of pleasure racing up her spine as she drifted. In that state she was only barely aware of the fingers being slowly withdrawn from her body, though the tiniest of whimpers escaped her throat in response, but it was not until Sofia finally gathered herself enough to break their kiss that Brianna finally managed to open her eyes.

Blinking against the suddenly harsh light, even muted as it was by the thick clouds of steam now filling the air, and shivering despite the heat the blue-haired girl dared to look up into Sofia’s flushed and smiling face, the blonde’s lips ever so slightly swollen from the sheer intensity of their passion. Swallowing, both to sooth her own throat and to give herself a moment to focus, Brianna still found herself lost in her mistress’s eyes, utterly entranced by the satisfied glow sparkling in those sapphire depths and reflected on sun-kissed skin. To say nothing of the positively intoxicating feeling of each and every one of the woman’s short, sharp breaths squeezing those wonderfully soft breasts between them. Tentatively shifting her weight to brace herself against the wall, the blonde’s smile only seemed to grow as she reached up to brush calloused fingers against a pale cheek and offered one last, chaste kiss.

“What do you say, *devushka*.” the blonde practically whispered, voice rough from screaming but still impossible sensual despite that, “Relaxed yet?”

Pushing away from the wall with her bound hands to fully press herself against the older woman’s irresistibly lush body, Brianna found herself smiling even as she tried to inject a playfully teasing note into her own voice, “I’m not sure, mistress. I could always stand to be *more* relaxed.”

For the briefest instant Sofia’s eyes widened in shock at that declaration, but just as quickly a spark of amusement took root in those azure depths and the woman chuckled softly as she moved to embrace her slave properly. However, before she could respond properly Roxanna chose that moment to interject herself into the conversation, the olive-skinned woman snaking her arms around the blonde’s waist to pull herself to her feet with some difficulty, a combination of kneeling for so long and her own vigorous… exertions leaving her legs more than a little shaky. Not that she seemed to mind of course, not if the smile decorating those elegant lips was any indication as she embraced her lover fully and pressed a delicate kiss to Brianna’s neck just over the mark left behind by Sofia’s earlier enthusiasm.

“Such a naughty little minx.” Roxanna practically breathed as she nibbled playfully on the bound girl’s ear, “Aren’t you, *korítsi*.”

Shivering, both at that tone and at the feeling of hot breath tickling her skin, Brianna bit her lip to suppress a moan and managed a tiny nod, “Yes, mistress.”

Smile shifting into something just a bit warmer, if no less mischievous, the olive-skinned woman leaned in to brush her lips along the younger girl’s cheek, voice soft and yet commanding as well, “Close your eyes.”

Nodding again the blue-haired girl said nothing as she obeyed and allowed herself to be pulled away from the still cool tile and into the arms of her lovers. Slowly but surely they guided her back under the shower head and Brianna let out an involuntary sigh of relief as that soothing spray of warm water washed over her and took the last of the tension lingering in her muscles with it. For what felt like an eternity she just stood there, arms bound behind her back and face tilting slightly upward as soft hands caressed her body and calloused fingers ran through her hair. It really was such a simple thing, not just to be cared for by the ones you loved but to allow yourself to be cared for. To accept not just your own submission, such as it was, but to accept that you were worthy of that love. A lesson that she would be forever grateful to her lovers for helping her learn, and for being willing to reaffirm again and again.

Reveling not just in their touch, but in the sheer intimacy of the moment, an intimacy that somehow felt weightier than the passions they had just shared, Brianna let out another contented sigh. Relaxed and sated and just a little bit sore the blue-haired girl eagerly gave herself over to the riot of sensations dancing over her skin as her mistresses gently washed the scent of sweat and sex from her body, Roxanna practically massaging her curves with that gentle touch of hers while Sofia much more vigorously lathered her hair, the scent of lavender tinted soap filled her nose she reveling in the moment and simply *felt*. For the second time in what felt like as many minutes time seemed to slip away, the blue-haired girl finding herself both lost in the moment and drifting in the darkness behind her eyelids. Hours, even days, could have passed or all she knew or cared as seemingly every inch of her body was caressed with tender and loving attention, the faintest of moans escaping her throat when calloused hands traced down her back and around her sides to cup sensitive breasts and tease still hard nipples while much more delicate fingers practically glided along the curves of her stomach and the planes of her hips to brush her still tender sex.

Biting her lip, some part of Brianna hoped that those fingers might slip inside of her against despite the pleasant soreness radiating from between her legs but, to her shock and surprise, the moment shattered instead when the shower suddenly stopped and the curtain flew open to allow a positively *arctic* breeze to rush over her still damp skin. The sharp contrast between the heat that had been lingering in the air, and in her core, and that sudden icy stab forced Brianna to finally open her eyes as she cried out, though thankfully Sofia held her tight regardless. Shivering despite that limpet-like grip, the blonde’s sun-kissed skin warmer than any blanket but still not enough to keep the chill at bay, the blue-haired girl could do nothing but watch as Roxanna offered her an apologetic smile and stepped out of the tub. In the same motion the olive-skinned woman took her by the hips and soon enough the bound girl found herself pulled along back into the bathroom proper and toward the vanity.

While the addition of cool tile beneath bare feet as they walked only made things worse at first, soon enough Brianna found herself sighing in relief when she at last stepped onto the pleasantly fluffy floor mat just in front of the sink and felt an almost decadently soft towel being wrapped around her shoulders. For what felt like a long moment they just stood there like that, facing the thoroughly fogged mirror with nothing but the faintest dripping of water in the background to break the silence, before the older women finally went to work. Heedless of the chill herself Sofia began to dry her plaything with the same gentle yet teasing attention she had used earlier while Roxanna, in contrast, wrapped a towel around her own body before carefully brushing and blow drying the younger girl’s azure locks back into a gloriously silken wave.

Hunching over ever so slightly to wrap her arms around the bound girl’s waist and rest her chin on a slender shoulder, Sofia smiled at their hazy reflection, “Relaxed enough now, *devushka*?”

Practically purring as Roxanna finished with her hair, the soft bristled of the brush massaging her scalp in a positively delightful manner, Brianna just nodded as she offered a playful grin of her own, “Yes, mistress.”

Setting the brush aside, Roxanna arched a curious brow as she once again took the blue-haired girl by the hips, “I am glad to hear that *korítsi*, although there is no time to rest just yet.” the ghost of a smile suddenly curled the olive-skinned woman’s lips as a mischievous glint flashed in her dark eyes, “We still need to get you properly dressed, after all.”

Mind alight with possibilities, and well remembering exactly what she and Sofia were conspiring to get the olive-skinned woman to wear herself, Brianna just nodded eagerly, “Of course, mistress.”

Brushing her fingers along the girl’s cheek in a simple and familiar yet utterly heartfelt gesture, Roxanna’s smile softened ever so briefly as she leaned in to brush their lips together and allowed her voice to drop into a low and almost sensual purr, “Wonderful. And then perhaps a little nap before dinner. Just the three of us curled up together under the blankets. How does that sound, *korítsi*?”

Swallowing softly the blue-haired girl licked her lips, part of her swearing that she could taste the faintest hint of strawberry from the older woman’s lips gloss though she knew it must have been washed away by now, “That sounds nice, mistress.”

Clearly pleased with that response, a glint of mischief suddenly flashed through Roxanna’s dark eyes as she brushed a second kiss to the corner of Brianna’s mouth and stepped back to grab one of the bags sitting on the counter. Curiosity well and truly piqued now the blue-haired girl watched as her mistress presented the familiar tangle of polished metal bands that made up her chastity belt. Chagrined, but not exactly *surprised*, especially as the faintest shadow of a smirk seemed to tug at her mistress’s lips, she just nodded ever so slightly and signaled her obedience by standing straighter and spreading her legs as Sofia shifted her embrace to move her hands out of the way. With a skill born of much practice, and an intimate familiarity with her slave’s body, Roxanna quickly slipped the device around the Brianna’s waist without much ceremony, the feeling of the cool and rubbery lining drawing a quiet hiss and a faint moan from the girl’s throat as the band tightened against heating skin and the rear cable settled snugly between the cheeks of her ass. Moving quickly then the olive-skinned woman pulled the primary shield in place and locked the belt together, tightening the entire arrangement and pulling another moan from that pale throat as cool metal embraced the blue-haired girl’s sex. Her mistress was not quite finished yet, however. Before locking the secondary shield in place and fully sealing Brianna away the woman allowed her fingers to trace the lips of the bound girl’s labia where they protruded through the narrow slit cut into the metal between her legs, tender flesh more than a little swollen and clearly hypersensitive if the way she reacted to that feather-light touch was any indication.

“Do you like that, *korítsi*?” Roxanna practically purred as she allowed her fingers to keep wandering, brushing against her plaything’s piercing to push her clitoral hood out of the way and expose the even more sensitive nub beneath.

Biting her lip to suppress a moan as she instinctively strained against her cuffs and struggled not to squirm within Sofia’s grasp, a shudder suddenly racked Brianna’s frame as her muscles quivered beneath that deliciously pleasant assault. Not trusting her voice she just nodded, almost fanatically.

“Oh my.” Sofia mused in a deliberately playful voice as she tightened her grip to still the pale body curled up against her own and allowed her hips to rock side to side against the blue-haired girl’s ass in a distressingly erotic way, “Still horny even in chastity? Whatever are we to do with you, *devushka*?”

“Please,” Brianna finally whispered, voice harsh and strained, not certain if she was begging them to stop, or begging them to keep going, “*Please*.”

Either way Roxanna settled the issue for her when she opened her free hand to reveal a familiar little curl of wire coated in soft rubber sitting on her palm. A toy that the blue-haired girl recognized instantly, and one that was used only rarely as it had never failed to drive her absolutely mad with its sheer, unexpected intensity. Breath catching ever so slightly at the sight and what it might mean, Brianna bit her lip as she dared to meet the olive-skinned woman’s eyes. She did not think she would ever forget the first time she had been subjected to what her mistresses had called a “clit clip” almost a year ago now, the way that deviously shaped little piece of wire had teased and teased and *teased* with every movement, with damn nearly every breath, until she had practically been reduced to desperate tears.

One of the many games they had played during those incredibly exciting first months together, and one that had nearly broken her with its sheer intensity. Not that she had necessarily *minded* of course, even if it was only now looking back that she could really appreciate the true intensity of the experience. Shaking herself loose from those memories, and breath quickening in excitement, the blue-haired girl felt her muscles tense in anticipation as she nodded at the unasked question written on her mistress’s face, the older woman smiling ever so slightly before sliding the clip in place. Clenching her eyes shut, Brianna felt herself moan deep in her throat as the ends of the wire were snapped into a pair of tabs cut into her chastity belt before the secondary shield was locked on with a slender brass padlock, the odd sensation of having her clit both exposed and sealed away at the same time as the toy, locking in place by her triangle piercing, forced her nether lips apart while her belt sealed her away completely and ensured that she could not escape no matter how hard she tried. Moreover, the feeling of the clip’s soft lining pressing in on that sensitive nub from every angle at once sent a jolt of frustrated pleasure straight into her core. A sensation that she knew would never let her rest, much less cum, no matter how hard she tried. And now, rocking her own hips side to side in an unconscious imitation of Sofia, the blue-haired girl had a feeling that her mistresses likely intended to keep her like this for a long, *long* time. A prospect that was both incredibly arousing and incredibly daunting and one that Brianna was not sure if she longed for or dreaded even if she had long since come to terms with the fact that she loved to be teased and absolutely adored being edged.

Then again, the whole point of this little trip *had* been to challenge herself.

Not that she had much time to reminisce as Sofia’s grip suddenly shifted again, the woman drawing her hands up the blue-haired girl’s body to cup her breasts as Roxanna gently but firmly took her by the chin to claim another kiss. Utterly and inescapable caught between her mistresses Brianna could do nothing but moan helplessly as an eager tongue snaked its way into her mouth and strong fingers pinched her nipples playfully. At the same time the older women began to slowly lead her across the room and out the door, the sudden motion jolting her clit within the little stirrup it was riding within and sending a shiver up her spine, prompting a deeper and much more desperate moan to escape her throat as she lost herself in the riot of sensations assaulting her body. Face more than a little flushed now, the blue-haired girl practically whimpered when that kiss finally broke and Sofia pulled her down onto the bed and into her lap. Nestled against that delicious toned and wondrously curved body, and instinctively snuggling against the blonde’s marvelously firm breasts, Brianna moaned again when the hands cupping her own breasts tightened only to let out a muffled cry of surprise when Roxanna suddenly pressed a gag between her lips. Instinctively relaxing her jaws to accept the intrusion as that moderately sized rubber pall was pushed behind her teeth and deep into her mouth before the straps were tightened over her cheeks, the bound girl closed her eyes and practically purred when her mistress stroked her face affectionately and leaned in to place a playful kiss a the corner of her now widely stretched lips.

“There we are, *korítsi*.” the olive-skinned woman whispered as she drew the back of her hand along Brianna’s jaw, “Nice and snug.”

Once again bound, gagged, belted and collared Brianna could do little but moan as she shivered beneath that feather-soft touch, trying and failing to stay as still as possible as even the tiniest of motions sent a new wave of frustrated pleasure radiating from between her legs as the clit clip teased her. Smiling at her plaything’s reaction, Roxanna practically crawled onto the bed herself, the slight hitch in her hip somehow making the motion even more sensual as she settled down at her lover’s side, leaning against Sofia’s shoulder and throwing an arm around the blue-haired girl’s waist before pulling the blankets up to wrap the three of them in a warm and soft cocoon. Letting out a quietly muffled sigh of contentment, almost relaxed in spite of herself, Brianna reveled in her mistresses’ touch even as she snuggled even closer to their perfect bodies and gave herself over to the silky heat of their skin. Torn between the excitement swirling in her chest and the exhaustion tugged at her eyelids, to say nothing of the unexpectedly intense throbbing between her legs, the blue-haired girl allowed herself to drift once again. The day might not be over yet, but right now she was exactly where she wanted to be.
