---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Crossroads
authors:
- Windwalker
tags:
- M/f
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-30 00:00:00
---

8
8
Crossroads
by Windwalker
crossroads
By Windwalker bdsmwords@yahoo.com
Chapter
One:  Revelations

Extraordinary experiences
seemed to have a habit of arising from otherwise mundane circumstances. 
Dene mulled over that bit of wisdom as she turned her wrists against the
insides of her polished handcuffs.  She let her eyes slip closed and
relished feeling their inescapable grip.  If by some feat of precognition
the events of this evening had been revealed to her, she surely would have
dismissed the prediction as an impossible hallucination.  At least
as impossible as her escape from the steel that held her right now.

As she pondered the events
of the day, Dene could not recall any specific hint or indication of what
lay in store for her.  She recalled the tedious but necessary preparations
for hosting a party at her apartment, and was busily tidying up lest her
friends witness the random accumulation of clutter and trash around her
place.  As she ran her hands under the couch cushions her fingers
banged against, then wrapped around a cold, hard object.  As she slid
her hand out, a set of handcuffs, her handcuffs, came into view and she
paused a moment, looking on them with a mixture of desire and regret. 
She slid her fingers along the polished arc of the restraints, admiring
the cool, smooth surface and chime of the connecting chain.  Her familiar
yearn came calling, stiffening her nipples against her cotton shirt.

Dene felt the butterflies
start to flutter deep in her belly as she rolled the cuffs over in her
hands, glancing at the clock, wishing the clock to stop, to afford her
the opportunity to indulge the impulse gnawing inside her.  Alas the
clock did not stop, nor even slow, and with a resigned sigh she folded
the cuffs together and took them along with an armload of belongings to
her room.  She deposited the cuffs into their customary home in her
dresser drawer.  "Not now, darling.  I have miles to go before
I sleep." she thought to herself as she closed the dresser.

Dene relaxed a moment and
silently reflected on the array of friends and acquaintances she had invited
over for that night, mentally ticking off the names of those who had indicated
their intent to attend.  Her brow furrowed and she frowned when she
came to one particular name, betraying her disappointment that he had chosen
not to come.  Brad had been her good friend for years, but had been
through a pretty rough time recently with the rapid departure of his fiancé. 
Dene still felt guilty about the role she had played in that episode, even
though Brad had no idea that she had any involvement.  Dene viewed
the party as a way to help make it up to him, and perhaps as a way to help
assuage her own guilt.  After all, she had gone out of her way to
invite a number of eligible bachelorettes in the hopes that Brad might
click with someone to break him out of his recent funk.

Dene could not have known
that although Brad had let her know that intended to stay far away from
the party that night, fate would step in and Brad would attend after all. 
Brad reclined in his apartment, contemplating another evening of self-imposed
isolation and found the prospect distasteful.  Unable to come up with
a better alternative, Dene's "small gathering" now seemed his best option. 
Brad had largely disengaged socially, tending to keep to himself as he
mourned his murdered engagement.  His free time had lately been spent
alternately in tears and in rage, grieving over the recent and abrupt departure
of Lisa, his lover and until recently his fiancé.  "I know
now that I am better off without her, but damn if she didn't screw me over,"
thought Brad.  He caught his train of thought and snuffed it out quickly,
avoiding another conflagration in his private woodpile of angst. 
Silently he chided himself for dwelling on Lisa and promised, yet again,
to put her in his past and not to look back.  Little did he know by
the end of the evening how distant her memory would become.

Arriving fashionably late
at the party, Brad was greeted by friends and acquaintances, most offering
the obligatory condolences for his recent misfortune.   As he
scanned the apartment, he noticed quite a few people he did not recognize,
including a few knockout women.  As he turned to see behind him he
bumped someone, and when he spun around to offer an apology, his victim
turned out to be Dene.  Surprised as much as pleased to see him, Dene
threw Brad a big hug then grabbed his hand and led him about, introducing
Brad to some of the strangers he had noticed earlier.

Brad had previously delivered
Dene the news of his breakup with Lisa, which did not surprise Dene in
the slightest.  She was interested to note that he had held back the
details surrounding his discovery of Lisa's dalliances and her subsequent
abrupt exit from his life.  But Dene already knew.  Her role
in the breakup and her continued pretension that she was not involved were
a poison of guilt that had plagued her ever since. She had agonized over
it, but could never bring herself to come clean and confess the part she
had played. But she was determined to help him get over it, to put the
scales back in balance.  She had broken his heart, so she would put
it back together again.  So she set about personally introducing and
extolling Brad to each of the single ladies in the room.  After the
first couple of uncomfortable encounters, Brad led Dene aside and quietly
said, "Look, I appreciate what you are trying to do.  But I am just
here to have a good time.  I am so not ready to get back in the dating
saddle yet."

"That's the best way I know
of to stay miserable, Brad, and you know it," Dene countered.  "If
you don't meet new people, how do you ever expect to find someone you like? 
An introduction is just that, an initial greeting.  It's not like
I am arranging your marriage or anything..."

Dene caught the pained expression
on Brad's face and immediately regretted having mentioned a wedding. As
much as she wanted to try to take back her hasty words, she knew trying
to do so would just make things worse.  Instead, she took a different
angle and said, "I don't think there is any harm in meeting new people,
do you?"  Brad had to reluctantly agree.  He had, in fact, not
even tried to meet anyone new since the breakup and had already privately
come the realization that he really did need to get out and mingle.

Brad sighed deeply, then
replied, "We both know that you're right, that I should get to know new
people, but I'm going to do it at my own speed.  I don't mind an introduction
but lay off the match-making, OK?"   Dene agreed, and they waded
back into the party where she proceeded to resume her interrupted introduction
of Brad, extolling him again with great enthusiasm.  Halfway through
the first pitch, Brad shot Dene a look of disgust, wheeled and walked toward
the hall to at least be out of earshot.  "What has gotten into her? 
There are a couple of very attractive women here that I wouldn't mind getting
to know, but there is no way I am going to get anywhere with them if she
goes prattling on about me like that," he fumed as he slipped away.

When Dene realized that Brad
was no longer standing next to her, her voice trailed off as she looked
around for him.  She caught a glimpse of his back as he walked into
the hallway.  She offered an excuse to the people gathered around
her and slipped over and into the hallway.  A guy standing outside
the bathroom caught her eye and pointed towards the closed door of Dene's
bedroom.  She quietly slipped inside and closed the door behind her,
and as she did she caught a scathing look from Brad. He was clearly upset
as he turned to her and slowly spoke. "I thought we agreed that I would
take things at my own speed."  Dene took a step back, surprised by
the emotion in Brad's voice.  "Just what do you think you are doing?"
Brad queried in a quiet growl.

"I...  I just thought
that...  I only wanted to..." stammered Dene, finally realizing that
she had actually been embarrassing Brad in front of their friends. Not
to mention what used to be his potential new dates.  "Oh... I'm sorry,
Brad.  I didn't mean to upset you.  I know you are a great guy,
and I just wanted them to know that too.  Can you forgive me?"

Brad thought a moment then
softened and said, "Of course I forgive you.  But I think I'm going
to leave now.  This night has already been a train wreck, so I'd rather
just cut my losses and go home.  Once I'm gone you can talk me up
all night and it won't seem like you are hawking a used car."

Dene giggled at this thought,
then looked over to Brad and realized that he was serious and actually
intended leave.  Having him depart now, so soon after he arrived,
just would not do.  Dene stamped her foot petulantly and declared,
"I won't hear of it.  You came to have a good time and I think you
should stay and enjoy yourself."

Brad thought about this a
moment.  He was, after all, already at the party, and was catching
up with folks he had not seen in a while.  Other than Dene's annoying
sales pitches, Brad realized he was actually enjoying himself.  He
decided to give Dene one more chance and said, "All right, I will stay
a while.  But if you keep up like you have been, I won't have a chance
with any of the ladies here tonight."

Hearing this, Dene paused
and realized that the opportunity she had been praying for was right in
front of her.  Brad was available.  He was interested in meeting
someone new.  He was right here, right now.  It dawned on her
why she had been so obnoxious out in the party.  Her deep-seated desire
for him had played harmony with her guilt, and without consciously intending
it, the net result was to bury any chance Brad might have with anybody
else.  "What should I do?  Do I dare?" thought Dene.  In
that instant, she decided to act on her long-suppressed desire to try to
take their relationship to a new level.  She quickly weighed the risks. 
"Was it too soon?  How will he react?  How will I react? 
Fortune favors the foolish, I hope."

Keeping her gaze fixed on
his, she turned her body oblique to him, arching her back every so subtly,
striking a pose that she was hopeful would succeed in her attempt to accentuate
her assets.  Her heart was attempting to escape her body and had climbed
up and lodged itself firmly in her throat.  She swallowed hard, regaining
the ability to speak, and replied in her best sultry voice, "Then I would
get you all to myself, now wouldn't I."

Brad blinked hard and did
a double take at Dene.  He was taken completely by surprise. 
Up until now, their friendship had been just that, two people that were
good friends.  He had known Dene for years.  After they first
met on the job they had hit it off and spent some very enjoyable time together. 
Brad had met Lisa and Dene at about the same time, and throughout his relationship
and engagement with Lisa, Dene was a friend he turned to when he needed
a sympathetic ear or a friendly smile.  He loved Dene like a sister. 
Sweet Jesus!  It never entered his mind until just then that Dene
saw something more in him than just a friend, and he was at a loss to explain
to himself how he could have overlooked that same possibility in her.

Looking on Dene from this
new perspective, Brad came to the conclusion that while she was not drop-dead
gorgeous like some of the other women at the party, she was definitely
easy on the eyes. As he looked her up and down, he found himself surprised
to notice that she had a flattering figure and natural blonde hair, as
usual kept short.  She was a bit shorter than Brad, and he now came
to appreciate the appeal of her moderately large and perky breasts and
firm butt, both of which she kept in check by regular exercise.  She
had a cute round face, set off by big blue eyes and full lips, which were
currently curled up in a half smile.

Dene took the opportunity
to drink in Brad as well.  She had done an artful job of concealing
her true feelings for him, but his assets had never been lost on her. 
What she saw in front of her now was nothing more than confirmation of
what she had known all along.  Brad was a hunk.  She allowed
her eyes to wander from his face, slowly rolling down his well-defined
chest and trim belly.  Growing bolder still she said, "I am pleased
to see that the idea of you and me alone is not altogether unappealing",
eyeing the growing bulge in Brad's pants.  She was right, of course. 
Brad's newfound appreciation of her had aroused him to no small degree,
but while his body did not hesitate his mind did.  The years of platonic
bliss were making it difficult to get comfortable with the idea of his
friend as a love interest.  Plus he still had the idea in the back
of his head that he would like to meet some of Dene's guests, particularly
the female ones.  This time without the distraction of her sales pitch.

A plan began to congeal in
the back of Brad's mind, weaving its way around deep in his hind brain
until it spilled forward and up into his consciousness.  He needed
to occupy Dene for a little while, at least long enough to independently
make the acquaintance of some the beauties out in the party.  He figured
that when the party quieted down later in the evening, he and Dene could
find a quiet corner to try and figure out just where it was they might
be headed.  The apartment was pretty large as apartments go, but he
knew there would be no way to avoid Dene in it for very long.  He
tried to come up with an excuse or a story that she would buy into that
might get her to leave the apartment, even for a short time, but came up
empty.

Brad cast his eyes around
the room, feigning embarrassment over Dene's overt pass at him, while desperately
racking his brain for some alternative when his gaze fell upon Dene's dresser. 
His mind flashed back to a birthday party for Dene some years ago, when
she had received a pair of police handcuffs intended as a prank. 
The card read that since she was taking her sweet time finding her man,
that they were to "capture" him so he wouldn't get away.  Brad remembered
the odd look she had cast on him after she read the card, the implication
of that look now clear to him.   A good-natured verbal battle
ensued and the cuffs were demonstrated on not a few of the guests. 
He had often teased her about the handcuffs, asking if she had the occasion
to detain her a man, to which she would respond that the cuffs were ready
in top dresser drawer, ready for her easy access "just in case".

All he had to do was get
those cuffs and attach her to something in the room, then come back and
let her go when he had made his introductions.  She probably would
be pissed off at him, but he weighed the risk and guessed that she would
probably get over it.  He spied the dresser, estimating the distance
and angle he would need to get to it.

"Here goes nothing," Brad
thought to himself, as he eased in closer to Dene.  As he suspected,
the blonde was unprepared for this physical parry to her verbal thrust,
and she took a step back away from Brad to maintain her distance. 
In doing so, she unwittingly was playing into Brad's hand by backing closer
to her dresser.  When he had closed the distance between them and
the dresser, Brad reached out with one hand and slid it down low and around
Dene's waist and gathered her gently to him.  At the same time Brad
was reaching with his other hand into her top dresser drawer, fumbling
past the panties and socks until he found what he was looking for. 
He pulled Dene in close to him, and placed a soft kiss on the exposed nape
of her neck.  She sighed and closed her eyes, pleasantly surprised
at how warmly Brad was reacting to her blatant sexual flirtation. 
She relaxed and exposed more of her neck, expecting more nuzzling from
Brad.

Instead she felt the bite
of the cold steel of the handcuff as Brad swung it around and closed it
against one of her wrists.  Dene's immediate reaction was to pull
away but Brad had her firmly within his embrace.  She pulled and twisted,
trying to put some distance between them, but Brad was prepared for this
and squeezed her waist closer to his and held onto the cuff around her
imprisoned wrist making her escape deliciously impossible.

Dene began to panic as she
recognized the familiar fluttering and rolling in her belly, her body beginning
to betray the arousal coursing through her.  "No, no, NO! Not here,
not now!  Not like this!" she screamed into her own head.  She
tried in vain to suppress the tide of pleasure rising within her, to appear
unaffected as she stared down at her imprisoned wrist, to hide the bolts
of energy flashing through her.  She secretly hoped the feeling would
subside, hoped she could conceal her deviancy from him, but she prayed
she would not.  She knew that she could not.  She never could. 
Unhindered, the tingling burn began first deep in her chest, shafts of
heat racing and radiating out inside her.  Her cheeks flushed, her
breath came in shallow gasps and her heart beat strong and fast, betraying
the tumult cascading within her.  Her nipples hardened, struggling
up from beneath her bra, points of pleasure playing at her.  The walls
of her her pussy were clenching, grasping for purchase on a shaft it could
not find.  She was lost in the moment, lost in the tide of pleasure
and lust washing over her.  Dene shuddered as she slid her eyes shut,
cheeks burning, hesitant to break the spell.  But she had to know,
had to see him, and so turned to him and did open her eyes.

Dene expected to see the
scorn and rejection she had received so often in the past.  What she
saw made her burn even more deeply.  Brad's breathing was as shallow
as Dene's and she felt that the tremors of lust and excitement came from
within him as much as from within her.  She slid her free hand around
the front of his chest and laid it upon his sternum, felt his heart pound
hard inside his chest, and leaned forward into him to feel it's echo in
his fully engorged cock as it pulsed against her hip.

They stood there for what
seemed to Dene to be an eternity, lost in the heat of their shared embrace.

The two realized at that
moment that this was no ordinary episode of flirtation.  Each felt
in the other the unmistakable imprint left by their mutual excitations,
and with a degree of clarity neither had experienced previously, they both
saw that that they had been touched and affected very deeply.  The
simple, spontaneous act of cuffing Dene and exerting a small degree of
control over her had set loose a maelstrom between them, enveloping them
in an unsettling yet undeniably primal and pleasurable experience, changing
them both irreversibly.

Dene ceased struggling, yielding
to pleasure and opting instead to twist slowly within Brad's grasp. 
Brad held her close as she gyrated, enjoying the feeling of her body rubbing
against his own.  He began to notice the unmistakable aroma of Dene's
lust as her body continued its slow burn, felt the heat from the moistened
crevice of her jeans as she stroked her pussy against his thigh.

Dene felt the connection
between them and knew that she could not leave this moment without baring
herself to him completely.  True, she had been betrayed by her own
body and mind, and the truth now lay open.  Her own unrelenting animal
arousal had laid bare her best kept, most deeply held secret.  The
evaporation of her concealment and the naked truth thereby revealed stirred
a torrent of emotions within her.  Fear at her vulnerability, at the
complete exposure of her deep-seated lust for submission.  Elation
at the freedom from the burden of maintaining the camouflage that concealed
her secret. Dread of an immediate and uncertain future.  Hope at the
chance she had seen in him for completion, for wholeness.  She had
never felt so alive, so vibrant.  This could not be a mistake, could
not possibly be wrong.  Could he be the one?  Dare she come this
far and not know?

Summoning courage she did
not think she possessed, she looked up at him from under hooded eyes and
broke the smoky silence.  "I have a confession," she whispered. 
"So do I," thought Brad, as she continued.  "I have had a crush on
you for a very long time, and never had the nerve to tell you.  I
was afraid of what might happen if I told you, and then you met that terrible
woman, and you fell in love with her...I was beside myself."  Dene
looked up into Brad's eyes and said, "I promised myself that I would not
miss my chance again."

"The reason I did not pursue
you before was because of this." Dene held up her wrist, her gaze transfixed
by the shining steel bracelet dangling from it.  "Since the day I
got these cuffs, I knew there was something special about them, something
different about me.  I couldn't figure out why they affected me the
way they do.  For a long time after I got them, I would use them on
myself when I was alone and I experienced the most intense, most fulfilling..."
Dene stuttered, staring at her cuffed wrist and the steel of the loose
cuff hanging from it, unsure if she could bring herself to speak her lust
to Brad.  Thinking back on the last few minutes, she decided there
was no point in stopping, so she continued.

"I had the best, most fulfilling
orgasms I had ever experienced," she finished.  "I figured out over
time that what I craved was the feeling of being helpless, and that there
were quite a few people who felt the same way I did, but every time I shared
my experiences with someone close to me, I got hurt.  Badly hurt. 
After getting burned the first few times I got real gun-shy about opening
up and showing my true self."  She looked up at Brad and added, "Until
now.' She held her breath and waited, unable to interpret the expression
on his face.

Brad returned her gaze as
he quietly absorbed her revelations about her long-standing desire for
him and her reluctance to pursue him for fear of the consequences of doing
so.  Of the consequences she had experienced when she had exposed
her latent submissive sexuality.  It came slowly to him, but he eventually
succeeded in expanding his awareness and understanding to include Dene
as he never suspected she could be.  As this understanding suffused
his mind, he paused in stunned amazement as the dimension of his good fortune
became evident.  As he looked on her, readying himself to respond,
she turned her face away from his, tightly squeezed her eyes shut as she
wilted and began to shrink from him.  Confused by this sudden change,
Brad supported Dene as she began to sob uncontrollably.

In the moments that passed
as Brad contemplated her confessions, Dene felt herself succumb to the
fear and doubt hurtling through her mind.  The moments that passed
as Brad contemplated stretched in her mind into an eternity.  He had
not responded at all to her!  His silence, feeding her surging uncertainty,
was far harsher a response than she could bear.  She tried to shrink
from him, to shed herself from him, her eyes welling up with tears wept
at her own foolish bravado and for the impending end of their friendship. 
She wept, too, in anticipation of the terrible wounds that were sure to
come when her trusted friend slashed at the exposed jugular of her naked
sexual self.  Dene felt the bottom drop out of her gut, just as it
was dropping out of her world.  The depth of her sorrow eclipsed the
crest of the ecstasy she had felt only moments earlier.  She spiraled
away into despair, driven on by her own self-doubt.

It was then that she sensed
something was different.  Unlike prior times, she became aware that
she was not alone, that she was not adrift in the abyss.  She was
vulnerable and exposed, her true self had been revealed, yet she felt that
she was embraced and supported.  Brad had not let her go, did not
allow her to melt away from him.  He held her firmly yet gently, cradling
her body as well as her spirit even as both had wilted before him. 
He gently pulled her back in to him, placed a finger under her chin to
lift her tear-streaked face back up to his, and willed her to meet his
gaze.  When she did, the clouds of fear and pain dissipated from her
vision and she became aware of Brad as he was, not as she feared him to
be.  What she saw in his face was familiar to her, but also strange
and new.  She saw the affection and caring that had been the cement
in their friendship since they had first met.  But Dene also perceived
in Brad's gaze what she so desperately had been searching for, the steady
and pure glow of acceptance and belonging.  She also glimpsed fleeting
flashes, small flickers of flame that she knew must be true caring. 
Maybe even of love.

She melted into him, clinging
to him, weeping now of joy and relief.  Her sobs and laughs mingled
together and were lost into him as she rejoiced.  Brad considered
trying to peel her from him, to share with her the radiance he also felt
in that moment, but wisely decided for the moment to just be there for
her, to partake of her relief and exultation.  As she wept, Brad tried
to come to grips with the roller coaster of emotions he had just witnessed. 
Her reaction had alarmed to him, and he felt the ancient instinct to protect
and defend that which he valued so much.   "How horribly she
must have been treated," thought Brad angrily.  Then with a tenderness
borne out of their years of friendship, he thought, "And how badly she
wanted to be honest and open with me to overcome her fear of such treatment." 
He grew to appreciate the depth of her courage and of the fundamental change
that had just occurred in their relationship.

After a time, when Dene's
body was no longer racked with sobs and eyes not so bleary with tears,
Brad led her over to her bed and sat them facing each other.  With
her fortress of pain and fear torn asunder, Dene confessed to Brad the
saga of her blossoming submissive nature.  "I guess I always knew
deep down that I liked someone else in control, but it wasn't until I got
these that it clicked for me," holding up her cuffed wrist and admiring
the cuff as it dangled before her.  "When I put the cuffs on Dolores
at my birthday party, I got a funny tummy-flutter feeling and I liked it. 
When Dolores snapped the cuffs on me, I saw stars.  I have never been
the same.  When I excused myself to go to the bathroom that night,
it wasn't to pee.  I had the first toe tingling orgasm of my life,
the first of many as it turned out"

"After that I knew I was
hooked and I pretty regularly handcuffed myself, pretending to be in distress
at the mercy of a powerful man, and having a really good time doing it.  
But I knew I needed more.  Turns out I had no clue how to communicate
my needs to my lovers, and I think I only scared the crap out of them when
I asked to be tied down and fucked hard.  Ironically, they responded
by being very cruel toward me emotionally.  They were far more sadistic
with their words than they ever could have been had they granted the most
depraved of my fantasies.  Through all of that I leaned on your friendship
for support, and it helped me so much that you were there for me, even
if I couldn't tell you the real reason why I was so devastated.  I
couldn't bear the thought of losing you as a friend, so I never let on
about my penchant for bondage and submission, let alone the fact that I
was lusting after your body."  Dene blushed and looked up from the
cuff to catch Brad's half smile.

"I guess both of those cats
are out of the bag, now aren't they?" Brad quipped, smiling broadly. 
Dene returned his smile and leaned over to hug Brad tightly.

As they parted, Brad said,
"It seems that fate has a wry sense of humor, Dene, because I too have
a confession.  But one that I think you are scarcely going to believe. 
I have discovered, also quite by accident, that I am innately sexually
dominant.  I am wired to take pleasure through the submission of another. 
By day I am an upstanding corporate citizen, but behind closed doors I
turn toward a darker me.  I can't explain it, just as I can't deny
it.  It just is a part of me and it can manifest in the most unexpected
situations."   Looking down at Dene's cuffed wrist, at the dark
stain slicing up her crotch and then up into her eyes, he continued, "But
I think you may have already figured me out." Dene flushed again as the
muscles in her vagina convulsed again.  Her damp pussy lips grasped
at the panties under her jeans, silently affirming Brad's assessment.

"I never told you why Lisa
broke off our engagement.  It turns out that my fiancé would
from time to time take her pleasures on the side," Brad began. "I got an
anonymous note at work one afternoon, stating that I really needed to see
what was going on in a particular motel room across town on that very afternoon." 
Dene quickly looked down, hoping to hide the guilt and regret on her face
before Brad could spot it, aware from his reaction that she was too late. 
The realization that he was in the presence of the author of the note that
changed his life broke over Brad.  He laughed inwardly as he marveled
over the connectedness of the reality opening up before him.

Realizing that her secret
no was longer, Dene's gaze lost focus as she relived the memory of her
chance lunchtime encounter with Brad's fiancee, Lisa, early that fateful
afternoon.  Lisa had always treated her in an adversarial manner whenever
they met.  Dene had always let this pass, aware of Lisa's perception
of her as a potential threat to Brad's affections.  This day though,
Lisa had seemed flustered to see Dene, almost a little panicked, and not
at all her haughty, bitchy self. Sensing something distinctly out of sorts,
Dene decided to discretely follow Brad's fiancé as she returned
to her office.  She watched as Lisa slipped out of the back door in
the company of her supervisor.  Dene remembered being dumbfounded
and incredulous.  Was it possible that the stupid cow was cheating
on a hunk like Brad with a sweaty, bald, fat man?  As the couple arrived
at a motel across town, Dene quickly made her decision to rat Lisa out
and was mentally composing her anonymous note to Brad even as she watched
the duo enter their love nest.  Racing back to the office, Dene composed
and printed her anonymous note, ripping it off the printer and slipping
the envelope enclosing it onto Brad's desk just before he returned from
lunch.
 
She remembered how it had
broken her heart to see the clouds cross her friend's face as he read her
words. Doubly so for knowing that having read them, he would likely soon
witness his beloved Lisa being doinked by her boss in a seedy motel room,
crushing his faith and love for her.  Dene recalled that she had taken
strength from the idea that Brad would be better off finding out about
Lisa's true nature before marrying the scum-sucking bitch than afterward. 
She watched Brad read the note twice slowly, watched him stand very still
for what seemed like hours.  Brad did not say a word and Dene made
no attempt to stop him as he wheeled and rushed from the office. 
She recalled little else from that afternoon, aside from a deep and abiding
guilt for her role in the impending unpleasantness.

Dene returned from her stroll
in the past, and focused into the present, and onto Brad.  She noticed
that he had stopped talking again, and was looking directly at her. 
She felt the need to break the silence between them, needed to make Brad
understand why she had done it.  As she started to explain, he shushed
her gently, saying, "Don't worry.  You don't need to explain any of
what you did.  I know now that you did me the biggest favor anyone
has done for me in my whole life.  Had you confronted me in person
with the truth then, who knows what stupid things I might have said or
done.  It all worked out for the best, I think, and the bonus for
me now is that I know whom I have to thank for saving me from making a
huge mistake.  If it weren't for you, I would be..." Brad trailed
off, unwilling to utter the words, but they both completed the thought.

"Besides," Brad continued,
"If it weren't for your note, I might never have discovered my dominant
nature."  Brad reveled in the confused look on Dene's face as he continued.

"Sure enough, her car was
at the motel, and I was able to sneak a look into the room number on the
note.  I saw her there with her sales manager, but they were not in
the process of having sex, at least not in the conventional way. 
It took me a minute, but eventually it became clear to me that she was
trussed up with a lot of straps and rope in what looked to me to be a painful
and restrictive position.  Her arms were pinned together behind her
at the wrists and elbows, and she was bent over forward at the waist with
her arms held up high, almost vertical, by a rope run from her bound wrists
up to the ceiling.  Her legs were pinned wide apart by a long pole
with straps at each end that wrapped around her ankles.  She was buck
naked except for the rope wound up around the base of her tits and the
rope around her waist connected to the one pulled tightly into her crotch. 
She had a big red ball strapped in her mouth, and appeared to be trying
to make a lot of noise behind it, although I couldn't hear a thing from
her."  Brad watched Dene carefully, both surprised and pleased as
he saw her gaze lose focus and her hand wander down to gently stroke her
mons.

He continued, "I know Lisa. 
I know how she looks and reacts when she climaxes. She was cumming like
a three-dollar whore.  The part that struck me most about it was that
each of her orgasms was triggered by one of the lashes from the fat man's
leather belt across her ass or back.  She was evidently taking a great
deal of pleasure from the whipping being dealt out by the slob.  As
I stood there watching, I realized that I had a raging hard on.  It
was from seeing her tied up and whipped like that.  I had no idea
why, or what it meant at the time."  As Brad told his tale, the series
of expressions on Dene's face was priceless.  First confusion, then
arousal as he described his ex-fiancé's plight, then astonishment
at her enjoyment of it. Finally of quiet contemplation and bemused mirth
as the implication and consequence of her note became apparent to Dene.

"You see," Brad continued,
"it was your note that led me to that motel, your note that set me up to
find my fiancé bound, gagged and in ecstasy, and by way of that
event I came to knowledge and understanding about my true nature. 
I think it could be safely argued that it was your note that ultimately
led us right up to this point tonight."  Dene could only nod in silent
agreement, now fully realizing how their circle had come to be complete.

Brad continued, "I got the
Dear John letter from Lisa last week and frankly I couldn't be more relieved. 
After tonight, the way I see it, I have hit the trifecta.  I got rid
of my two-timing whore of a fiancé, I now possess knowledge about
myself that I would not likely or easily have learned on my own, and thanks
to an amazing intersection of events, I have uncovered the real treasure
that was sitting right in front of me all along."

Dene had been rapt in her
attention and smiled, blushing a little more as Brad finished speaking. 
She gazed at Brad and realized that there was really only one thing that
could make this moment complete.

She raised both of her hands
before her and, with a deft motion that Brad realized could only have come
with a great deal of practice, caught her free wrist in the open handcuff
and snapped the cuff closed pinning her wrists together in front of her. 
As she looked over the cuffs and into his eyes, she whispered, "So it turns
out that you get me all to yourself after all, don't you.'

Brad guided her hands up
over his head, the handcuff chain tinkling lightly as her arms settled
on his shoulders, and pulled her in close to him kissing her slowly and
deeply.  "I think you will not be so very pleased with that situation,
and soon my pet," Brad intoned deeply.

Dene twisted her wrists gently
within the confines of the handcuffs, completely at ease with her confinement,
her head buzzing with the possibilities.

 
Comments or suggestions
to bdsmwords@yahoo.com
