---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/world/ponygirl/storiesek/one_hundred_acres2.html
subcategory: Giantess & Shrinking
title: 100 Acres
authors:
- '5:19:24'
tags:
- M+F+/m+f+
- chastity
- bond
- maid
- ponygirl
- latex
- catsuit
- harness
- electro
- slave
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-01-05 00:00:00
---

### Part 2

#### New arrivals

A few days after the tour, the facility received their next resident. In a black nondescript van, a latex sleepsack was delivered. its contents had been bound since the night before.

*sarah* is our newest arrival at the facility, her birth was witnessed by all the nightshift, and of course, Master John delivered.

“Today her Master has sent her, to us, to be re-raised as a good girl who appreciates ‘not maxing out credit cards and treating others as second class’.”

Guess where she’s going, when she grows up?

*sarah* was given a full going-over in the medical ward, her piercings were removed, ears, nose, nipples and clit. Master John noted “They will have healed by her return.”

During her inspection, she was fitted with spiked booties and solid mittens, a new type that are filled with expanding foam, to make a mold for other items, to be used in future training. He plans to retrain her, but she is to progress over the next nine months till the *little* age of 6, in the PTP, her Master wants her to fail. For *sarah’s* last three months she is to undergo domestic maid training, her total stay will be one year.

Later that day Master John is in the paddock giving Master Wayne a hand installing a water trough, the bottom half contains a watertight Perspex divider.

“Good afternoon, John, Wayne, how funny it is to have you working together in the paddock. It's fitting that I find you here, as I have a proposition that involves Bluebelle and Tinkerbelle, if it's available for some extra training.”

“Jocelyn, you are always welcome to approach the group as ideas are welcome. Your help with ponies and pets over the years has been rewarding. It will also give us a chance for introductions to our newest residents and discuss some matters that have arisen.”

#### *The Proposal*

In an upstairs meeting room, Masters and Mistresses John, Rafeal, Joselyn, Wayne, Katya and the latest member, Alice, meet for a presentation on Joselyn’s request, and to discuss a troubling development. The ongoing struggles of Q.

“Currently, I have two ponies and would like to invite Bluebelle and Tinkerbelle (if available) to form a stable of four, as there’s an equestrian day that has been organized. One of the events is a four-pony team race.”

Master John thinks for a moment, “It would be a splendid opportunity to meet and greet others in the community and promote the facilities at our disposal.”

“There are several events that are going to be run over the day” Joselyn outlines to the group.

Steeplechase – ponies race over a course with jumps, she has a filly for this.

Pony race - flat out speed run, again she has a Stallion.

Dressage – Joselyn proposes entering Tinkerbelle. As this is a technical event, She will need to provide further training for Tinkerbelle, in the moves for dressage.

Two and Four team race- trainers can team up as they may have one or two ponies, Mistress Joselyn is one of the only trainers that could have access to all four. Her filly and stallion boarding with her, with Bluebelle and Tinkerbelle.

For each pony, a stable person may be brought up to a maximum of 4.

There is also the best display overall, judged by the group of trainers, of the gathered trainers and ponies’ overall presentation throughout the day.

“Then it is agreed, in eight weeks, we are going to the races.”

The second reason for the meeting is one of discipline, the ongoing troubles of Q.

“She cannot be controlled and finds a way to circumvent our will. Pushing us seems to be a challenge to her.” Rafeal stated while taking a sip of his tea.

“She knew she was in trouble, before we were even halfway through the tour, Yet she kept going.”

“Katya, you're quiet, what are your thoughts? You were watching with me.”

“She doesn’t have a submissive personality in the traditional sense, unlike rubber or dirt who live to please, she is always testing her boundaries. My best explanation would be that she is an extravert and masochistic, in simple terms, she has a ‘self-defeating personality disorder’.”

Wayne, who had until now stayed out of the discussion added “she came to us as a maid and has done that job well. Perhaps she has just become bored with the tasks assigned. It was not till her second stay that she’s become disruptive.”

“Just let me have her for a month and I will break her.”

“Rafael, with respect, ‘you can’t unscramble an egg’, and you are talking about making an omelet.”

“It’s agreed then,” John interjected between Rafael and Joselyn “that while extreme measures are called for, the spontaneity and rebellious nature that she shows is to be supported, although not in the way she wants to.”

#### *Coming out day*

dirt has been in the oubliette for a week now and is ready to come out. Mistress Katya with the help of Mistress Alice set about the task of fishing him out.

“With the gruel he was fed today, we slipped some sleeping pills. He should be out for two to three hours, more than enough time to move him and prep him for the next stage of his training.”

“But it will take us that long to get him out through the hole… there’s another way in, for emergencies.”

“Correct, I always thought you were much smarter than you portrayed.” Katya and Alice entered a small garden shed in the corner of the courtyard. Inside were rakes, shovels and a push mower for maintaining the courtyard, Katya approached the back wall, it appeared to be the sandstone of the building. A gentle push and the whole wall moved in two inches and slid aside, ”A good magician never reveals Her secrets to just anyone, this is but many of the secret passages that you will be made aware of as a Dom, they are for use in emergencies. This passage allows access to the oubliette, and the medical ward anteroom, where there are no cameras.”

Down the passageway stairs, there is a room the size of a medium bedroom, barely lit by three LEDs mounted in the roof. Half of the floor was raised by a hydraulic ram. The other half of the room contained a bed brought down from the medical ward, an inflatable rubber hood, chains and two pairs of night vision goggles on the bed. “I take it that its pitch black in there and the hood is to protect his eyes.”

“Correct again. Dirt has been without light for a week, so if we were to bring him up to the medical ward without a hood, we could do damage to his eyes. We are cruel at times, but we strive for no permanent damage.”

A second wall was pushed, this time, it slid out a foot to reveal the inside of the oubliette. Measuring no more than four feet by seven feet, the floor and walls were covered in a thick PVC coated canvas padding, like a padded room found in an asylum. Unlike these rooms, every surface was matt black. There were only two openings in the walls, both the same size and shape, at opposite ends of the oubliette. One of these holes contained a mixture of water and something that just passes as food, the other wall “well he has been down in the oubliette for a week.”

Seeing dirt for the first time, Mistress Alice was surprised at how normal he looked, albeit in need of a bath. The most striking items were the leather cuffs, thigh and waist belts that were presently locked, thanks to epoxy putty in the keyholes and the chastity device; that couldn’t be removed for the same reason.

“dirt’s Mistress caught him cheating not once, but three times on Her. The third was also caught embezzling. They were given a choice for him divorce and her jail, or a stay here.”

“That explains Her determination for him to only serve Her.”

 “That reminds me, roxy needs a walk, could you arrange one of the maids or *Julia* to do it. Be sure to emphasize bringing her past the medical ward. Roxy hasn’t seen dirt for a fortnight, since her new Mistress sent her to us.”

#### *Why children should not drive*

Since the afternoon of the tour, the statue in the fountain had been on display for three days. Masters Rafiel and Wayne lowered it onto a small carriage; up front, Bluebelle was in full pony leather gear.

On her head was a leather hood, with her peanut-brown braided hair jutting out the top, a bridle with a bit in her mouth and blinkers fitted. A leather posture collar ensures her gaze stays focused up front. her arms were bound behind her, thrusting her breasts out into a leather tank top, her nipples protruding, a pair of small weights are placed through the piercings. Attached to the tank top, a leather corset seated on her hips and attached to the carriage. To complete the fit out a leather chastity plate is strapped, while preventing access, the small ridge inside keeps her frustrated with every move.

As a reward and going home present, *julia* was allowed to drive the carriage back to the workshop, with Master Wayne supervising. Although it is electric to allow a single pony to pull, the short trip to the workshop still took an hour, via the scenic route. By the end Bluebelle was dripping with sweat and glad to be rid of the chastity plate, the grin on *julia’s* face spread from cheek to cheek.

“You’ve had your fun, and nearly killed us all in the process. Now unharness Bluebelle and take her over for H to remove her gear and wash her down, then go over to the house, and find Master John or Mistress Katya, tell them the ‘fun’ you had, they will give you something for Bluebelle and instruct ‘you’ where it needs to go, and ‘you’ will apply it. Any punishments they deem necessary will be added to mine. I hope it was worth it?”

“Yes, Master Wayne, it was.” The grin was still on *julia’s* face. As *julia* skipped off, her short skirt revealed her wet training pants. Once she was out of sight, a small smile appeared on Wayne’s face.

Back in the workshop master Rafiel was working on opening the statue of Dionysus. Lying on its back, small welds on its sides were slowly ground out. As the top was lifted off, it revealed the slave inside, lead. The inside of the statue was lined with suede leather. Movement was impossible. his penis was penetrated by a stainless-steel hollow sound, it was plumed so sterile saline could be pumped in, creating the effect that the statue was constantly peeing. Three days without movement had taken its toll and lead was sore all over.

 “The good news is your next trial is a bit bigger… the bad news…” Rafiel nodded towards a large pile of polished steel, “we need to get you dressed.”

An hour and sixty pounds of chains, plates and locks later, lead had undergone alchemy again, this time from lead to iron.

“Now that dirt’s out of the oubliette we can choose; the new outdoor trough, days in the direct sunshine and nights under the starry skies or we throw lead in the hole and forget, what do you think?”

“I haven’t seen stars in ages,” lead replied.

“Oh... I thought Master Wayne was still around... since He has left, I guess I get to decide… the hole it is.”

“But I thought….”

“Since when do we ask slaves what they want? I thought you would have learnt that by now.”

#### *‘Bea’ careful of the doors that you knock on*

Two lost souls have taken the backroads and dare to knock on the door of the old building in the middle of nowhere for help. Ian (22) and Bethany (20) were on a three-week road trip. They had heard of something called the ‘Good luck’ rally. Get a car for less than $1500 and ‘go bush’ to raise some money for charity. Three days in, the bomb of a Ford lives up to its name: ‘Fix Or Repair Daily’.

Ian and Bethany enter the main reception. An empty fish tank takes up a wall. “This place has seen better days, Bea.”

“Like that P.O.S. car. Never get something from anyone who starts their name with Honest, Good’ Ol, or calls you ‘mate’ when you haven’t met before. I think he saw you coming from a mile away.”

“What about Master or Mistress?” Both Ian and Bethany spun around to see a woman in her late thirties standing behind them, in a turquoise full length silk dress with ¾ sleeves. Although her midriff seemed to not quite match her chest or hips, the dress fitted her like a glove, Bethany could see it was high-end and tailored.

“Where did you get that dress from? It's definitely you…whoever you are.”

“Thank you, and this…” spinning around to allow Her admirer a full look, “I just knocked it up the other day, I am Alice, and this is private property.”

Bethany admired the dress “It’s just so beautiful, I mean I can sew a bit, but not to that standard.”

Ian interrupted, “Sorry we didn’t mean to intrude, it's just that our car may have just given its last spark, and we were looking to get a tow into the nearest town.”

“Well, the nearest town is a two-hour drive in a working car, so you will be staying the night with us. Perhaps a few days till we can organize a tow, or parts for your car. You said you can sew? I may need some help with a few projects; none of the maids can pin, let alone sew a line. Tomorrow we can arrange for your car to be brought in, and Master Wayne can have a look, he’s quite a good mechanic, it might not be as bad as it looks.”

“Maids? I didn’t see anyone. Who’s Master Wayne? And what is this place? Bea, let’s get out of here!”

“I’m so sorry, the nearest house is an hour back down the road you came in on. As for this place, we are a health spa… of sorts, and I should make it clear. I am ‘Mistress’ Alice. Where are Q or V when you need them?”

“Will these two be a problem?” Wayne asked, seated at the supervisor’s desk, watching the monitors. For the last twenty minutes, since their car broke down at the edge of the property, they had been watched. Thanks to the excellent coverage, and the new diligence of H, the alarm was raised. Wayne, Katya and Alice were able to track and listen in on their ‘bickering’.

“They do appear as they seem, just a couple passing through. It was best we sent Alice out, in civvies, rather than have their first impressions be V, with his reaction. It seems the idea of participating in the ‘rally’ was his and while she was not enthusiastic, she went along for the ride, he is the more dominant in the relationship. I had Alice drop a few key words to gauge their reactions, his protective reaction and flight nature, combined with an adventurous spirit. You need to have one, to choose that car, and be willing to come out here. Those are good, if naïve, signs. I believe that they should fit in with the maids for a few days, just let’s keep some of the other residents and activities low key, for the moment, we don’t want to scare them off. Who knows they may want to come back once they get the feel for the place.”

Alice showed Ian and Bethany through to a small conference room, where tea and some sandwiches were available. The tea was hot, and the sandwiches were fresh, as if this Alice woman was expecting them. Thanks to the earwig, Alice was aware of the conversation between Katya and Wayne. “As I said before, we are a health spa and retreat for people who can’t or in some cases don’t want to fit in with the norms of society.”

“Is that why this place is so far off the beaten track? You could get rid of someone ‘Soprano’s style’ if you wanted to.”

“Bea, don’t give her any ideas, we are here.”

“How Machiavellian. tea, sandwiches and a spot of double homicide. Not today, but as I also said earlier, I would like a hand with a few sewing projects, and I do believe Master Wayne has some ‘odd’ jobs that would go better with two people.”

“There's that name again ‘Master’ Wayne. What are you up to? and what type of retreat are you running here?”

“Why I thought it would be clear by now, a BDSM spa and retreat.”

An hour later, after explanations of how the ‘retreat’ worked, their ethos, and assurances that they were not going to be dumped in shallow graves somewhere on the property (although dirt may have been worried at the last comment with the idea forming in Master Wayne’s mind) were given, and Ian had calmed down enough to continue, the offer was made.

“Since you will be with us for a few days we will be putting you up in the maids’ quarters. There is only one bed that isn’t assigned in the main dormitory. And no one is in the annex room, it’s private, but is only set up for a single occupant.”

“I went to a single sex boarding school. So, I have slept with other women… Oh that came out so wrong… what I mean...”

“It’s ok. I am sure some of the maids ‘have’ slept with women, those that are that way inclined; still, V and you should get along fine. As for you, young man, introductions to Master Wayne are in order.”

With that a second door opened and in came H to collect the tray and cups and V to escort Bethany to the maids’ quarters. H was in a red latex tank top with matching knee length trousers, a large bulge was present from the chastity cage, brown leather cuffs and chains were on his hands and feet. While not completely useless the chains did restrict his movement somewhat. V was in her customary full purple latex catsuit, her long brown hair braided out the top of a full latex mask only her eyes and a large red ball gag were visible, a black corset laced up tightly and the chastity belt done up so tight that the belt visibly dug into her waist and crotch.

“I hope that I don’t have to wear what he’s wearing.”

“Oh no, only maids must wear latex on the grounds. Yours is leather, more restrictive.”

The next morning the car was retrieved by Master Wayne and his new offsider “I”. Thankfully the leather shorts and top were not as restrictive as he was led to believe and the underwear, while not as ‘obvious’ as H, still prevented access, as it was locked from the back and couldn’t be removed.

On their return, with the car in tow ‘I’ found out why there was a need to keep all the maids locked as they were. Crossing the courtyard was a woman in her late thirties wearing a full dark brown leather skirt that just showed the red 6-inch heels she wore. The top consisted of a dark red leather corset with a red silk blouse. Behind her were two Maids, one he recognized as the maid from last night they called V, the other was in a hot pink full latex catsuit, her peroxide blond hair braided in pigtails. Like V, she wore a corset but in medium blue, that supported her breasts but left them exposed in their latex coverings. While not wearing the metal top of V, the second maid had a chastity belt that consisted of a metal plate that accentuated her walk and showed off her pubic region. The 6-inch heels of V and the other woman were substituted for 3-inch heels, this seemed to be a new experience to the maid in pink, but a pleasurable view for anyone who saw. Ian couldn’t help but get more than a little aroused.” Was that Alice in the leather dress, and who was that other one with her? I saw V and H last night, how many of you are there?”

“Its best you mind your manners, as this is your first day I will let your disrespect slide this once. Yes, that was ‘Mistress Alice’ as you will address Her now. As for the other maid, I thought you would have recognized Mistress Alice’s new seamstress ‘B’.” If there was any doubt before, seeing his fiancé and the now raging erection only confirmed, this was the reason for the chastity, or else no work would get done around here.

Mistress Alice, over the next three days, worked V and the new maid B to the bone. Three dresses, and two, three-piece suits later. They were finished, V did the cutting and some of the simple work like buttons, with B and Mistress Alice completing the more difficult work. Completed were a dark maroon and a cyan silk dress, of similar designs to the dress that she first saw Mistress Alice in, but in a smaller size. The third dress was a satin, pastel pink, Sunday dress, mid-calf length, with full pleats and a matching petticoat. The two suits were matching, a silk tie, two vests and a bowtie, black double-breasted blazers and dress pants. Curiously, like the Sunday dress, one pair of trousers seemed to be cut to allow plenty of room around the waist, hips and inseam.

‘I’ had some success as well with Master Wayne. On closer inspection, I’s original diagnosis was entirely correct, the car had indeed given its last spark, the distributor was beyond repair and needed to be replaced. A replacement was ordered, and could be overnighted, to be fitted the next day.

When the car was repaired the maids I and B, were looking to move on. Master Wayne and Mistress Alice were there to see them off “We have a little gift. As a token of our appreciation. We only ask that you don’t open it until you are at this… what did you call it ‘Good luck’ rally final event.”

“I hope it’s the keys to these belts, mine is starting to itch.”

“You will just have to wait and see.”

Six days later at the end of the rally Ian and Bethany were in the final tally room. They had raised three thousand dollars and with the donation of the car an extra two thousand (it was one of only three that finished the rally without needing a major part replaced, as such Ian and Bethany were ‘fined’ $500 for having a too reliable car) they were quite proud that they could do something for a charity, witch one they were not sure yet. There was only the request from Mistress Alice, the letter. “I told you before the locks are not combination and it doesn’t feel like there are keys in the envelope” Bethany remarked for the tenth time “There better be a key somewhere hidden in the car or things ‘will’ get messy in the next few days.”

Ian opened the envelope, and pulled out a letter and a cheque.

> Dear I and B,
>
> While your stay was brief, We feel that you are both good people starting out on life’s journey and wish you well.
>
> Don’t lose that adventurous spirit and know that, should you travel on that lonely road, there will be a bed, albeit hard, with us. Perhaps you may meet who that wonderful clothing you made was for.
>
> Enclosed is a small donation on behalf of one of our guests, who you didn’t get to meet (perhaps next time). We only ask that it be donated for children’s cancer research. We have recently found out that they were diagnosed at a young age with an extremely aggressive cancer, and they hope that no other child will have to go through the ordeal they had to.
>
> Regards
>
> Alice and Wayne
>
> P.S. We looked at your driver’s licenses (sorry) and sent the keys by registered post to your home, when you get back, you should be able to pick them up.

The cheque… was for $30,000.

When Ian and Bethany got home, their first stop was the post office. They were told that had they come tomorrow, the letter would have been marked ‘return to sender’. They thanked the postmaster and rushed out of the office “well they seemed to be in a hurry to get somewhere.”

V, roxy, and *sarah* are walking around the grounds. roxy is being taught to walk on the lead, a TENS unit on her most sensitive parts under the heavy rubber dog suit are a good motivator. V is having to do double duty walking roxy, while *Sarah* is pushed around in the stroller. As *sarah* is holding onto roxy’s lead, she sees a chance, a chance to escape, an open gate and bolts. roxy makes it halfway before the TENS unit geofencing kicks in, and V drags her back to the scolding of “bad puppy”. The TENS unit doesn’t return to normal until they are almost on the path. V gives *sarah* back the lead and scolds her like the little girl she is, “Don’t let your puppy run off like that, they may get hit by a car.” As they walk off, the gate slowly closes. Behind the gate, Mistress Alice stood with a second tens control box.
