---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Shopping for Jessica
authors:
- Gospodin
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- latex
- bond
- toys
- cons
- X
---

Erosboutique & Grometsplaza Latex story competition 2004

Jessica stared at the blank tunnel wall as the green line streetcar
plunged underground. The other passengers, had they been paying attention,
would likely have chalked up her refusal to make eye contact as nothing
more than standard "T" etiquette. Jessica herself was acutely aware of
the self-conscious way in which she pretended that she was the only person
on the train. In fact, she wished with every fiber of her being that she
was.

It would be incorrect to say that none of the other passengers paid
attention to her. A young accountant across the car from Jessica had occasionally
turned from his copy of the Globe to soak in the beautiful strawberry blonde
with glances that he hoped were short enough to be considered nonchalant.
The cut of her chin and the fullness of her lips warranted a few passes,
and her smart business suit with the leather skirt earned his admiration.

But the majority of his attention was directed at her legs. Jessica's
shapely legs peeked out from beneath her skirt, dark stockings accenting
the curves and shadows of her knees before vanishing into a pair of zip-up
black leather boots above her calves. They were the kind of legs that always
walked in an alluring strut, thanks to the excellent set of hips they were
anchored to.

Had the tastefully-gawking man gone so far as to stare outright, he
may have noticed the occasional anomaly in her outfit. Jessica herself
kept her knees pinched tightly together, and clutched the hem of her long
suit jacket as though she feared it might fly away at any moment. Each
jolt and jostle of the train sent her heart pounding as she pulled and
stretched the fabric out of shape.

The young man allowed his eyes to follow Jessica as she climbed out
of her seat at Copley station. He puzzled as he noticed what looked like
silver buckles peeking out beneath her jacket, at the back hem of her skirt.
He blushed slightly as she held her briefcase behind her to cover it from
public view before teetering down the stairs.

The man's face was a mere pink glow compared to the beet-red grimace
on Jessica's face. She proceeded out of the station in a tight-kneed shuffle,
the briefcase still shielding the backs of her thighs from view. Her other
hand held the front of her jacket together at the bottom, in the manner
of a woman who finds herself in a lightweight dress on a blustery day.

The
reason for her caution was the skirt she wore, which had been advertised
as a "leatherette spanking skirt." This meant, in practical terms, that
it had no material covering her ass cheeks, and it was held together by
a pair of buckling straps behind her upper thighs that created a push-up
effect for the globes above.

Having
waited for all the other passengers from her train to leave ahead of her,
Jessica shuffled out of a black iron staircase shelter onto the city streets
above. She had a short walk ahead of her, but it was made to feel longer
by the latex "clit stimulator panties" she wore. They had been squeezed
into a thong arrangement so as to honor the intention of her skirt, but
the soft nubs still rubbed against her clitoris as she walked.

The obscene squicking between her legs was almost enough to help her
forget the humiliation of walking the streets of Boston in an assless skirt.
The shame that did manage to catch her attention was just enough to arouse
her further. She teetered on the edge of horror and orgasm, trying as hard
as possible not to think of what it might feel like to just throw down
her jacket and crawl the rest of the way on all fours. She felt herself
on the top of a precipice, steeling herself lest she step off into the
abyss.

She had worked her way to this point slowly enough, and initially with
some degree of innocence. One day after swim class in high school, she
had been mortified to discover that one of the other girls had broken open
her locker and stolen her underwear. Since she couldn't wear her soaking
wet bathing suit beneath her uniform, she had been forced to improvise.

Jessica's imagination was well-matched to her skills. Cutting two circles
from strategic locations in her swim cap, she had fashioned a crude brassiere
(barely large enough for her growing teenage breasts) held on by the strap
of her goggles. She had then put her legs through the holes in the cap
and worn it as a misshapen pair of panties. This arrangement protected
her modesty neatly, despite the occasional tickle from the loose folds
of rubber between her legs.

Jessica began wearing the swim-cap panties once a month to help contain
her menstrual flow, and reinforced their jagged cuts with rubber cement
where necessary. They couldn't last forever, though, and she was soon forced
to shop for a replacement. All of the products she could find for this
purpose were unsuitably bulky and obvious, like adult diapers. Fortunately,
a quick Internet search for "rubber underwear boston" had turned up a store
that sold precisely what she was looking for.

The site, erosboutique.com, seemed to Jessica to be some sort of sex
shop, but not like the pink monstrosities one finds in seedier neighborhoods.
Most of those were just cheap video stores that had badly-made lingerie
stretched over the mannequins in the windows. This place was in a hipper
part of town, and behaved more like a fashionable clothing and knickknack
store that just happened to cater to an "adult" clientele.

She
had waited at home to intercept the UPS man on the day her order arrived,
and ran upstairs to try them on. The difference was night and day. The
swimcap had been loose where it ought to have been tight, and vice-versa.
The new pair were designed for a woman's hips, and held her womanhood like
a firm yet gentle hand.

She had tested the fit for a long time, admiring the way the seams rested
properly against her flesh, the old swim-cap's jagged scissor-cuts notably
absent. She massaged herself through the material, relishing the sensation
that they somehow formed a new layer of skin. That evening she had to wash
them out half a dozen times.

Jessica had, of course, come a long way since those early innocent days.
She had matured into a gorgeous adult, and her star was on the rise at
the office where she worked. Her sex life had been a moderate success,
all told, but she never wore rubber on a date lest rumors get out. She
certainly valued her reputation, though perhaps to the point of paranoia
at times.

This caution with regard to public opinion would seem peculiar to the
informed observer of her public walk of shame. More curious would be the
dramatic manner in which she relaxed the moment she entered the Eros Boutique
itself. She immediately softened the moment she crossed the threshold,
her briefcase shifting to one side and her other hand ignoring the jacket
in order to mop her brow.

The reason for the change was that she knew that the shop staff had
been in their risqué business for quite some time, and had likely
seen it all. They were professional, never snickering or prying, although
that meant that they often responded to her interactions with a somewhat
disappointing clinical detachment.

"I'm..." Jessica coughed, "I believe you're holding a purchase for me?"

The clerk stepped quickly into a back room and came out with a blank
cardboard box, setting it on the counter.

"The buyer came in to inspect it before paying," the clerk read off
a post-it, "and left it for you to collect."

Jessica looked up suddenly, surprise on her face. "You spoke to him?"

The clerk smiled politely, holding up the note. "Not personally."

Jessica had spent a great deal of time online in the past eight years
or so, discussing and playing out her growing sexual fantasies involving
latex, bondage, and exhibitionism. She had attracted a small following
of on-line playmates, many of whom had managed to coax her into sending
photos of her latex-clad body (though strictly from the shoulders down).

Recently she had set up an anonymous wishlist so that her admirers could
purchase items for her to wear. She would reward them with carefully-manipulated
photo sets of her modeling the items in front of a bedsheet, her head blurred
into anonymity. Jessica loved the feeling of exposure, and their clumsy
praise of her erotic charms never failed to arouse.

Recently, however, she had agreed to a new game. A man she had scened
with in chat rooms and e-mail for a few years began buying her presents
of his own choosing. She knew him only as "Darlington"; and since she would
not give out her address, the items were kept at the store for her to pick
up. The agreement was that whatever she was given, she would wear until
she got home.

In payment, she always sent him a long and detailed description of the
day's events. Often attached to the frothing and turgid descriptions of
her arousal, shame, and anticipation were a few hastily-anonymized photos
of the new gifts on her body just before she peeled them off and took a
long relaxing bath.

The spanking skirt had been picked up during the spring thaw, and she
had worn it home beneath a heavy felt overcoat. She had been fortunate
enough to put on full nylon hose that day, and as a result the chill at
her bottom was no worse than her calves. Darlington had ordered her to
wear it to the store this morning, promising that a suitable replacement
would be there for her to appear in at work.

Jessica hoped with all her heart that it would be, since she had a crucial
contract negotiation scheduled for that very afternoon. She gingerly carried
the package to a nearby cafe, buying a coffee and slipping into the bathroom
to change. She hung her jacket on a hook and mused over what she had just
learned.

It had never occurred to her that Darlington lived in the Boston area,
or even on the East Coast. He always left her with the impression that
he was English: he spelled words like "colour" and "honour" when he chatted,
and his mannerisms were rather old-world. The notion that he could actually
make a personal appearance at the boutique rather startled Jessica.

Checking the time on her watch, she tore open the box. At the top of
the pile was a plastic bag from a well-known expensive clothing store.
Opening it, Jessica sighed with relief as she unfolded a stylish black
calf-length skirt that matched her long suit jacket nicely. The garment
was obviously added to the package after the fact, as Eros never carried
anything so modest.

Undoing the buckles on her skirt, she began to look at the rest of the
garments in the box. A silvery rubber overbust corset, decorated down the
front with black straps, lay atop a matching pair of pewter latex stockings.
Sighing somewhat, Jessica unzipped her boots and peeled off her thigh-high
nylons.

She took out a tube of skin cream that she had long ago emptied and
filled with Eros
Bodyglide, and shook a few drops into the stockings. She rubbed them
a bit to spread the lubricant about, then gathered them into bunches and
slid her pointed toes into the glossy sheaths.

Unbuttoning her blouse, Jessica peeled off the rubber bra she had been
wearing and slid into the corset. She struggled as she sucked in her gut,
and after a few minutes was able to pull the zipper up to her cleavage.
Admiring her enhanced curves in the mirror, she noticed that the rings
on the front straps had no connecting mechanism.

Glancing down into the box, she saw a hand-written note:

I have taken the liberty of keeping a few bits and bobs for
the time being. 
You can pick them up from the concierge at the address below.
The address listed was a hotel in Harvard Square. He must have flown in
just to engineer this stage of their little game, Jessica realized. She
searched the box quickly.

Jessica lifted up the note to reveal a black leather thong decorated
with silver chains, a white plastic egg with a black wire tail, and a plastic
baggie full of tiny polished heart-shaped padlocks. She turned the box
upside-down, but the keys to the locks were nowhere to be found.

Jessica
seized for a moment, realizing that she was expected to lock herself into
the corset until later that evening. Of course, she never had any opportunity
to remove her items until she got home anyway, but somehow the immutability
of the locks stunned her.

She worked her slackened jaw in disbelief, trying to wrap her head around
both the fact that she was expected to do this and the fact that the very
idea had caused her to wet the tickling nubs of her panties. Swallowing
hard, she opened the baggie and slowly pulled out one of the glittery silver
locks.

Hypnotized, she threaded it through the loops of the top strap. Just
who was this Darlington fellow that he could go around telling girls to
lock themselves into perverted underwear like this? She was an important
businesswoman! Imagine the nerve!

Jessica held her breath, shut her eyes, and squeezed.

Hearing the delicate but sharp "click," she opened her eyes wide and
dropped her chin to look at what she had done. Tugging at the lock merely
stretched the latex garment a little, and no amount of fumbling could find
an emergency release catch. Panting and moaning with a combination of fear,
regret and extreme arousal, she reached her hand into the baggie and fished
out the next lock.

"Nonooononooonononooonooooo..." Her mouth chanted "no", but her fingers
kept on squeezing each little locking "Yes!" down the front of her shiny
new foundation garment.

Having
secured the erotic corset to her body, Jessica tossed the baggie with its
two remaining locks back into the box and pulled out the plastic egg. It
looked like one of the bullet vibes she had bought a few years ago, but
no amount of twisting caused it to turn on. The batteries, she discovered,
were already inside, and shaking it didn't cause any vibrations.

Recognizing that she was already committed to this dangerous game, Jessica
sighed and unclipped the garters from her stockings so that she could peel
off the teasing panties. She wrapped them in the spanking skirt and tucked
them into the shopping bag that the more modest skirt had come in, pushing
the bundle deep into her briefcase. Wetting the egg with Bodyglide, she
pressed it between her labia and felt her pussy swallow it hungrily.

Recovering
quickly and ensuring that the retrieval wire was within reach, she turned
to the last item in the box. It was a leather thong that fastened via hasps
at the top corners of the front plate. Delicate silvery chains dangled
in front, so that they tinkled lightly when shaken. The hip straps fitted
via thin slits to the front hasps, but seemed to have no catches of their
own.

Jessica choked back a yelp as she realized that the two locks still
in the baggie weren't merely extras, as she had first thought.

"Oh fine, fine!" she mumbled to herself, "All right, bastard. You win!
You know I can't back out now, don't you?"

With methodical thoroughness, Jessica prepared her body for the fact
that she wouldn't be able to take off her underwear all day. Cleaning herself
completely, she finally tucked the egg's wire out of the way and pulled
the chastity belt's straps to a comfortable tightness, snapping the locks
on.

At the sound of the tiny clicks, she immediately threw her hands between
her legs and began rubbing the black leather with her fingers. She was
astonished by the lack of sensation in her pussy. She had worn rubber against
her snatch for so long that she had become used to every movement and bit
of friction being transmitted directly to her erogenous center. The feeling
of arousal and anxiety took on a sharper edge as she tried not to think
about how she may have just made a mistake of epic proportions.

She was interrupted from her explorations as someone who had heard her
flushing knocked on the bathroom door.

"Um, just a minute!" Jessica's heart raced as she reattached her garters
and threw on her blouse. Dressing quickly, she soon had her long skirt
and boots on again, verifying in the mirror that for all outward appearances
she was dressed perfectly normally. Taking a deep breath, she threw on
her suit jacket, gathered up her briefcase and the empty box, and bolted
out of the cafe.

She made good time to the orange line station and ran directly into
a waiting train. She checked her watch and noted with some relief that
she was on time for her morning appointments. She rode through the tunnels
of Boston feeling better for her modesty, although the reality beneath
her stylish business clothing ate at the corners of her mind.

As the train rolled toward her office, Jessica pulled a memo about the
afternoon's scheduled negotiations out of her briefcase and began to review
it distractedly. She concentrated as hard as possible to prepare herself
for a normal day. Soon she was lost in facts and figures, flipping through
the e-mails she had printed out before leaving home that morning.

Her focus was broken by a sudden motion in her pussy. Her fist clenched
immediately in surprise, crumpling a printed-out spreadsheet as the egg
buzzed in fits and spurts. Casting her eyes around the train accusingly,
she saw with a start that it was pulling into her station. Gritting her
teeth against the uncontrollable stimulation, she grabbed her things and
hopped onto the platform.

The vibrations became intermittent again as she moved away from the
station platform, disappearing altogether by the time she reached street
level. Stopping to calm herself down for a moment, she realized that the
egg must be one of the remote-control variety. What she had thought was
simply a retrieval string was actually a wire antenna. Someone had been
operating the corresponding transmitter back on the platform, and the egg
had only started up once she traveled within its limited range.

Had she noticed anyone waiting there? Anyone suspicious? Perhaps someone
pretending to listen to a radio or fiddling with a PDA? She shook her head
as she realized she had paid absolutely no attention to anything but reaching
the stairs. She had no idea if there had even been anyone else there with
her.

For a while she felt satisfied that her quick exit would have made it
impossible to spot her, but then she remembered that Darlington had bought
her the expensive skirt that she wore. He knew that she was going to wear
a long jacket and high boots. He had her description, and perhaps he now
knew her face.

The workday began uneventfully enough, and Jessica managed to put the
morning out of her mind. She skipped lunch, acknowledging glumly to herself
that it would not be a good idea to eat or drink anything until she had
the keys to her chastity belt in hand. Soon the day moved on and it was
time to have that all-important contract negotiation.

Jessica glided into the conference room, walking as evenly as possible
to prevent the locks and chains of her kinky underwear from jangling noticeably.
She slid into her seat between her colleagues, the corset holding her back
primly straight.

"You're looking very well today, Jess." commented David, a director
from the floor above hers. He was a well-meaning and friendly man, and
quite attractive in his own way. But his square jaw and blue bedroom eyes
were often ruined by an eager-beaver attitude in the office.

"Well thank you, Dave." Jessica smiled politely, "Think it'll help?"

David simply smiled awkwardly for a moment, then caught his composure
and lamely chirped, "Well, I think that it's a sign that we're all feeling
very positive today!"

The portly VP next to David rolled his eyes and punched a button on
an intercom, calling in the other company's representatives so that they
could begin. Four Englishmen filed into the room, shook hands all around,
and sat down.

The negotiations went well at first, and Jessica felt confident and
outgoing. After a while, however, the men on the other side of the table
began to flood them with numbers, obviously hoping to confuse the bargaining
in their favor. Things began to spiral downward, and Jessica's team showed
weakness and lost crucial ground.

Finally sensing that they had the advantage, Jessica's opponents wrote
out a complete offer that was decent, but not what her team had planned
on. As they passed the paper toward her side, she suddenly felt the egg
within her buzz into life. The transformation in her head was instant:
one moment she was a smart and powerful businesswoman engaging in crucial
negotiations, the next she was a body of sex and rubber trying to hide
beneath a uniform. She gasped loudly, sucking air into her lungs as her
eyes bulged with surprise.

Jessica realized with horror that Darlington must be in the building.
She looked across at the Englishmen in front of her, feeling dread at the
thought that one of these smug looking men could be him. She studied their
faces as the vibrations coursed within her, praying that no one could hear
what she felt in her loins.

One by one, the smug grins on the four men slowly sank. Coughing nervously,
one of them reached over and grabbed the sheet back.

"Er, let's try again, why don't we?" he mumbled, revising the figures
with a fancy fountain pen. The moment he pulled the pen's cap off, the
vibrations stopped.

Jessica gulped, and her head swam as the rest of the negotiations went
on without her. She performed her role quietly, fading into the background
as the VP maneuvered and argued and then eventually put his name to the
piece of paper next to a signature from the other side. Once the contract
was signed, hands were shaken again and the four men left.

There was a long silence as Jessica and her co-workers waited for them
to pass out of earshot. Finally, there was a sudden round of cheers as
her co-workers took turns shaking her hand one more time.

"That was very well done, Jessica!" the VP grinned, "You really had
them pegged! I guess they couldn't stand to offend a lady."

Jessica accepted the praise graciously and then returned to her office
to recover from the ordeal. She knew that those four men would be back
later to work on organizational details. She sank deep into her chair,
realizing that the whole show had been arranged. Darlington, she figured,
had toyed with her and then given her the moment as a gift. She wasn't
pleased.

Dave popped his head in and chirped, "Still here? The others all went
home already. C'mon, let's go get a drink and celebrate! You're the woman
of the hour around here today."

Jessica looked up and realized how late it was. "Oh, I can't, I..."

"Aw, c'mon Jes! I know a great place in Cambridge. I'll drive!" Dave's
face took on a playful smile, "Please?"

Jessica realized that she was ravenous, and she could stop by the hotel
to get the keys. "I've got an errand to run on the way, if that's all right."
Jessica caught Dave's subtle nod of assent. "All right, then I'll be down
in a few minutes."

After a slow ride through traffic, Jessica hopped out of Dave's car
and ran into the lobby. The concierge recognized her immediately and handed
her a paper envelope, which she opened only to discover a key card to one
of the hotel's rooms. Looking out the front door distractedly, she decided
to let Dave wait a little longer and ran to the elevator.

A green light winked on as the hotel room door's locking mechanism slid
back. Jessica pushed it open slowly, her eyes growing used to the dim candlelight.
On the far end of the room was a circular table, upon which a wide three-wicked
candle gently glowed.

Jessica slipped inside and walked over to the table. Spying an envelope
addressed to her, she picked it up and broke the wax seal with her thumbnail.

Take off your work clothes and hang them in the closet. On the bed you
will find a blindfold and a set of cuffs. Put the blindfold on and then
cuff your wrists behind your back.

Jessica balked. She was tired, and light-headed from hunger, but she
had had enough. She decided to burn the note and head out. She would have
drinks with Dave, and then go home and call a locksmith. It would be humiliating,
but maybe she could get a thrill from it if she just herself enjoy it.

She held the letter to the candleflame, and her arm jerked back quickly
as she felt the egg spring to life again. Gasping, she clutched the firm
leather shield over her clitoris and tried once more to move it against
her flesh. She wailed with frustration as the warm flickering light and
unrelenting vibration stoked her fires.

Without
entirely realizing what she was doing, Jessica unbuttoned her suit jacket
and walked over to the hotel room's closet. She hung her blouse and skirt
next to it, her eyes rolling up in their sockets as her mouth involuntarily
formed the universal womanly "O" of pleasure. She picked up the blindfold
and cuffs off the bed and sat in the chair next to the table.

Unzipping and kicking off her boots, she wrapped the steel cuffs around
her wrists, slipping the padlocks into the built-in posts. The candlelight
made her glossy corset and stockings shine, and the metal cuffs and hanging
locks glinted as they swung and tinkled. Feeling nothing but need, she
pulled the heavy blindfold over her face. Groping in complete darkness,
she reached behind her and did her best to fit the provided large padlock
through the cuffs' D-rings. Finally, with a click, she managed to complete
her bondage.

Jessica sat panting for a few moments, twisting her arms to feel the
cuffs pull at the lock's loop in different ways. The egg continued its
dance against her womb, slowly teasing her insides to a fury. She began
to mew like a kitten as she felt herself building toward an orgasm, little
whimpers keening through her nose.

Suddenly the vibrations ceased. Jessica paused, stunned, and then thrashed
at her cuffs. She rattled the padlocks behind her back, the chains and
locks down her front jingling and tinkling. She brought one knee to her
chest as if to anchor a foot against the seat of her chair as she strained
against her bonds. Her struggles stopped short the moment she began to
hear light classical music float into the room.

"Hello?" she called out, her voice plaintive, "Hello Sir are you there?"

No one. She cursed herself for overreacting. It was probably just the
clock radio, accidentally set to come on at 7PM instead of 7AM or something.
She allowed herself to simply sit and relax a while, relishing the feel
of her smooth latex-coated knee against her soft cheek. The music soothed
her, and she allowed her mind to wander over the day's ordeals. She smiled
as she relived the chat-room scenes she had had with Darlington over the
past year.

She was broken from her reverie with a short, quick burst of vibration
from the egg. Her foot dropped back to the floor, and she craned her neck
around the room despite the blindfold. She called out again, and was rewarded
this time with another quick buzz.

"Is that you, Sir?"

Another buzz. Jessica gasped.

"You were at the office today, weren't you?" Her voice was hushed with
fascinated dread.

Another buzz.

"Oh Sir, you flew all the way here just to find me, didn't you?"

To her surprise, the egg stayed still within her. After a minute of
inactivity, Jessica realized that it must mean no.

"You mean you aren't from England?"

The egg signaled that she was correct.

"Then you're local, Sir?"

The remote was pressed once to indicate that he was.

"Oh Sir, please tell me that you have the keys with you!"

He did.

She adopted a girlish tone, like a young lady who is pleading with a
stern father. "Sir, please, could you unlock me? I've been very good, and
I did everything as ordered. Please, let me out?"

Jessica waited in silence for several minutes, whimpering and chewing
on her lip. She shifted in her bonds, waiting for something, anything to
happen.

She jumped in her seat when she heard the sound of metal being scraped
along metal. She twisted her head toward its origin, and then snapped back
as she heard something being set on the table next to her. She smelled
food, and salivated immediately.

Jessica began to whimper, mumbling pathetically. She wasn't sure whether
she wanted release, food, or orgasm more. She was spared the burden of
decision by a single finger that pressed against her lips. Frozen stiff
by the sudden realization that he had actually touched her, she almost
didn't open her mouth to accept the fork of food that nudged at her chin.

She swallowed hungrily and accepted the next several helpings eagerly.
A glass was put to her lips, and she swallowed three uncontrolled gulps
of wine. Feeling strengthened by the clumsy meal, Jessica began to engage
her silent host once more.

"Please, Sir... What are you going to do to me?"

There was a short pause, and then the egg burst to life again. Jessica
felt a hand grab her upper arm and lift her roughly to her feet. She squeaked
in muted feminine squeals as she followed his firm direction. Her latex-clad
feet stumbled on the cheap carpet, but she soon felt the bed beneath her,
knocking her knees so that she fell forward onto the cool linen.

"Oh..." She gasped, fighting with herself to admit what she wanted most,
struggling to summon the strength to submit. She felt the slick material
of her corset against her arms, the snug leather strap of the chastity
belt at her fingers. It was hard for her to put in words, except to say
that it was everything she had ever hoped for.

Rolling onto her back, Jessica propped herself up onto her elbows and
bent her knees to butterfly her legs. She arched her body and threw back
her head, shaking the chains on her belt as the device inside her continued
its activity.

"I... I'm yours!" She finally cried out, "Take me!"

"As you wish." a male voice rasped in a stage whisper. The sound of
it tickled the back of Jessica's mind. Did she know it from somewhere?
The question flew through the halls of her mind like a frightened bird,
and fled through an open window. These things no longer mattered to her.
The only thoughts she now entertained involved being owned completely and
used wantonly.

The egg becalmed once more, and for a moment Jessica heard rummaging
on the dresser across the room. The silence that followed engulfed her.
She held her explicit pose, continuing to offer her gleaming rubber-clad
slavegirl body to him.

She knew, at least in her head, that he was testing her--making her
wait. She knew that it was deliberate. No matter what her head told the
rest of her body, it wouldn't listen. She whimpered, shuddered, twisted
her hoodwinked head as if searching for an angle that the blindfold couldn't
hide.

Her mind and body got into an outright quarrel as she felt something circle
her throat. Her invisible master held the strip around her neck, as if
waiting for her to recognize it. She realized after the initial shock wore
off that he was not strangling her, but collaring her. Taking a deep breath,
she held her head straight and then nodded quickly.

Jessica felt his nimble fingers fumbling with the collar, and heard
the familiar "snick" of another padlock. She moaned with confused and intermixed
arousal and humiliation as he twisted the collar around so that the lock
hid in the blonde tresses behind her neck and the built-in ring hung at
her throat. It was official now. She was His.

As the significance of this soaked in, her invisible Master began manipulating
the locks on her chastity belt in a businesslike fashion. He popped them
off one after the other, holding the straps against her bucking hips to
keep them in place.

Pressing down firmly to stop her writhing, he opened the belt and drew
it slowly away from her body. He seemed to relish the unwrapping of this
hard-earned prize, massaging Jessica's thighs and mound as he drew the
belt completely off of her. She felt warm, sweet breath on her pussy lips
as he tugged the egg out slowly by its antenna wire.

Again, she was forced to wait, and she yearned to rub her knees together.
She resisted the urge to close her legs and squeeze her thighs against
her own swollen clit. Her blinded eyes saw visions of herself grinding
away against the corner of the mattress, a flurry of bucking and humping.
And yet she waited obediently for her new Master to make use of her at
his own pace.

She tensed as a finger touched her just beneath the collarbone. It traced
a slow, lazy line down her chest, following the neckline of her corset
down into her cleavage. The finger crooked into the soft valley and then
drew it up between her breast and the pewter latex that covered it. It
drew a wide orbit, avoiding her nipple, and then tucked the stretchy material
to one side.

Jessica's nipple, had it not already been standing erect from her prolonged
sexual heat, would have stiffened in the chilly air-conditioned hotel room.
She did notice the coolness pass over it, but the sensation only really
caught her attention after she felt a warm wetness surround her teat, drawing
gentle suction as his tongue flicked playfully.

His arm wrapped around her nipped waist, supporting her back as he ran
his other hand over her glossy stockinged knee. His supporting hand found
her cuffed wrist beneath her, and it clasped her fingers tenderly. That
one solitary gesture immediately filled her with warmth and trust and the
undying feeling that he was a Master who deserved nothing less than her
complete and unconditional submission.

His mouth left her nipple and their lips grazed silently. They tasted
and smelled each other's breath, their hands still clasped behind Jessica's
back. With expert precision, he pressed his lips to hers just as his rubber-sheathed
phallus nuzzled against her engorged labia. Nibbling quickly at her lower
lip, he plunged his tongue and his cock into her simultaneously.

Again she waited, panting through her nose as he kept himself steady
and firm inside her mouth and pussy. Slowly, he drew his tongue along her
teeth, back to her lips. Then, as she chirped with delight, he pulled his
tool out and thrust his tongue in.

He worked like this in opposition for some time: in with the tongue,
out with the cock, then out with the tongue and in with the cock. Jessica
felt the combined oral and vaginal pounding intersect somewhere in the
middle, where her heart and her stomach met to create the warm butterflies
and floating volcanos of passion that signalled the most powerful of her
emotional states.

The day's long-delayed release finally found its footing. Jessica twisted
her head left and right, as if to throw her lover off the way a bucking
horse tosses its rider. She screamed into his probing tongue, her velvety
love canal squeezing at her Master's cock like a milkmaid's expert hands.
Her ankles crossed behind his back, and the two came hard together.

When Jessica finally awoke from the deep slumber of orgasmic afterglow,
she realized that her ankles had been cuffed and then joined to her wrist
cuffs with a short chain. It was a comfortable enough hogtie, as evidenced
by the fact that she had slept in it for some time, her cheek nestled against
her Master's thigh.

As consciousness slowly returned, Jessica discovered that she was trussed
up between her Master's bare legs. She could feel his thighs on either
side of her, and a quick nuzzle soon found his balls. The blindfold was
still around her eyes, but she persistently navigated her way until her
tongue found his semi-flaccid penis.

She began flicking and tracing tiny circles, but soon was able to shift
herself up into a position where she had the leverage she needed. Taking
him into her mouth, she bobbed her head on his swelling tool. It wasn't
long
before he was awake enough to help her find a better position.

She swallowed him hungrily, licking the escaped rivulets of his seed
with gusto. Jessica wondered idly if he had deliberately fed her so little
in order to work up her appetite for this meal. The notion was so erotically
degrading that she found herself slick between the thighs again.

Jessica was disappointed to discover that no amount of pleading or crying
could convince her Master to talk to her or remove her blindfold. Eventually
he released her legs and directed her over to the toilet, helping her clean
up after herself. It was dreadfully embarrassing, of course, but she realized
that she had not felt so well taken care of since she was a little girl.
She bit her lip as it dawned on her that she was in love.

He had fussed about the room for quite some time, tidying up before
leaving. At long last, he pressed a key into Jessica's palm, planting a
tender kiss on her lips and forehead as a silent farewell. The door closed
amid the sound of her faint weeping sobs. She wanted to know so much, and
yet he had left her without so much as sharing his name.

It took a little while for Jessica to disconnect the cuffs, and she
soon had the blindfold and stockings off. He had left her the keys to the
cuffs and corset, but not the collar. After a much-needed hot shower, Jessica
was amused to find a modest turtleneck hanging in the closet next to her
work suit. She fished the previous day's rubber underwear and nylons from
her briefcase and in no time at all she was dressed for work once more,
the collar hidden beneath the bunchy neck of the shirt.

She gathered up the various leather, latex and steel items from the
previous day's ordeals, folded them into the bundle she had made with the
spanking skirt, and stuffed them as best she could into her briefcase.
She scanned the room for any remaining sign of the previous night's tryst.
Saddened that he had not even left her a farewell note, she ran out of
the hotel and off to the subway.

Jessica's day at work was much busier this time. She was the subject
of a company-wide memo on negotiating tactics, and her boss mentioned that
he had recommended her for a promotion. Her rising star began to climb
much faster.

That afternoon, Jessica returned from a large lunch paid for by her
boss, and slumped into her chair. She was about to spend a few minutes
enjoying the clit teasers in her panties when she heard a knock on her
office door. David popped his head in, carrying a small gift box and a
large drycleaning bag. Jessica's face fell as she suddenly remembered that
she had left him waiting outside the hotel.

"Oh, David! I'm so sorry about last night! My errand, it turned into
a bit of an emergency you see, and..."

David raised his hand in a gesture of understanding, "No need to apologize,
Jes. But I'd like it if we could try again tonight."

Jessica was thinking of a way to turn him down gracefully when he closed
her office door and hung the bag on the built-in peg.

"I've got a private table at a place I think you'll really love. I realize
it's short notice, but I found a dress that suits you so well that I couldn't
help but buy it. I hope you won't mind!" His earnest gung-ho attitude,
normally abrasive and childish, was actually rather endearing for once.

Jessica's jaw dropped as he set the gift box on her desk, a card with
the address of the restaurant tucked into the decorative ribbon. David
kept talking, never giving her an opportunity to object.

"Now don't bother thanking me, because you really deserve it. Woman
of the hour, and all that! The reservations are at eight, but I'll hold
the table in case you need time to pick out shoes or something. See you
there!"

With a boyish grin on his face, David left the office as suddenly as
he had entered. Jessica unwrapped the little parcel, opening it to reveal
a small white plastic box with a single button. Reaching out, she let the
weight of her hand press her finger into the simple control.

Jessica nearly bit her lip as she heard a buzzing sound coming from
her briefcase, like a cell phone set to vibrate that has been placed next
to a set of keys. Holding her breath, she picked up the business card with
the restaurant's address on it and turned it over to read:

**David Arlington**
**Acquisitions**

She realized that her hands were shaking.

That
evening, Jessica slinked confidently into the expensive restaurant, passing
through the main floor of tables as the diners gasped and murmured. She
wore the long black latex evening gown that her Master had given her that
afternoon, the pewter stripe tracing a flattering spiral down her delicious
curves. The low slanted neckline did nothing to conceal the erotic steel
collar that was still locked about her throat, and it was obvious to everyone
that she was a creature of raw sexuality.

She was led by the restaurant's host back to the private booth where David
sat. Rather than slide into her seat, Jessica immediately dropped to her
knees and bent down to kiss her Master's feet. As she lowered herself to
the floor she briefly revealed her shoes, which were decorated with little
chains much like the chastity belt she had worn the day before. They were
the one item of clothing she had been allowed to choose herself, and she
was proud of her selection.

After a few gushing compliments from David, she was ordered to rise
and take her seat. The two ate a marvelous dinner together, finally getting
to know each other and reveal the more personal yet mundane details of
their lives. The conversation wound down slowly, and after a long silence
over dessert, Jessica spoke.

"You used me!" she blurted into her sorbetto.

"Pardon?" David looked up over his coffee, a little taken aback.

"In the contract negotiations. You used me... to call their bluff."
Jessica stared into David's eyes, her face blank and expressionless.

"Ah, yes..." David shifted uncomfortably, loosening his necktie, "You
have every right to be angry with me about that. It crossed the line, really."
He coughed, somewhat ashamed.

Jessica considered this, scraping a thin peel of fruit-flavored ice
off of the spheres that sat in her dish. She licked it from the spoon thoughtfully
and then picked her thin leather clutch-purse from the seat next to her.

"Well, I certainly did..." Jessica mused, twisting the clasp of the
purse and palming something inside, "You were playing with my career, and
it did cross the line." She put her hand on the table, obscuring what was
beneath it.

"But since then we've crossed a more important line," Jessica continued,
"and I have surrendered everything to you as my Master. You now have the
right to play with my body, my heart, my head, and perhaps even my life.
These rights are yours because I trust you to use me properly. Do you understand?"

David nodded solemnly, placing his hand on hers. She looked up into
his eyes.

"You used me!" she repeated, pulling her hand back from beneath his,
her poker face still inscrutable.

David felt her arm withdraw, confusion spreading across his face. As
his hand dropped to the table again, he realized that Jessica had left
something behind. Picking it up, he saw that it was the remote transmitter
for the vibrating egg. In black permanent marker, someone had written "USE
ME!" on the white plastic case. David's expression melted into a smile
and he had to stifle a laugh of relief.

That night, he found her extremely useful.

2004
