---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Jasmine becomes a Slave 3: Racheal''s Bound Slaves'
authors:
- Mistress Lisa
tags:
- F/f
- F/m
- FF/f
- D/s
- captive
- enslave
- cell
- bond
- collar
- bdsm
- dungeon
- horse
- x-frame
- whip
- irritant
- pain
- torment
- electro
- shock
- urine
- forced
- mast
- oral
- denial
- climax
- cons/nc
- XX
---

(story continues from [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 2: Learning about Racheal**](jasminebecomesaslave2.html))

Part Three

**Chapter 7: Racheal's Bound Slaves**

Racheal allowed jasmine about 10 minutes to regain from the pain of hell. Racheal said, "Now slave I am going to ask you questions and you will respond quickly and truthfully, for if you don’t more minutes in hell will be added, do you understand." Jasmine nodded her head yes.

"Now slave how long were you a Domme?"

Jasmine responded, "4 yrs. Mistress."

"Have you had sex with a male before today?"

"Yes" Mistress.

"Have you had anal sex?"

"No Mistress".

"Are you a lesbian?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Are you enjoying being a slave? No. Very good slave, I believe the answers". Jasmine was released from the chair and told to potty and then shower.

Staggering to the shower jasmine allowed the water to revive her. Once done she left the shower and faced Racheal. "On your knees slave with head down", Racheal told her. Jasmine dropped to her knees and lowered her head. A bowl of food and a bowl of water were placed in front of her. Jasmine was hungry and she ate all the food and drank most of the water. "Very good slave, you are starting to learn. In a few minutes we will have a guest that is to be punished and you can watch".

Racheal cuffed Jasmine’s hands behind her back and she was gagged her with a large ball gag and then she was lead back to the dungeon. Racheal pulled jasmine over to a beam of wood which had legs on each end. Jasmine noticed that the beam of wood was triangle shaped with the point facing up, and realized this was a version of the "horse", a torture device, which she had used on slaves so she knew how painful it could be. She also saw hanging chains about 5’ in front of the "horse". Racheal told her this was her seat to watch as she disciplined a slave that was arriving shortly and she would be riding the horse for the next 5 hours. Upon hearing 5 hours jasmine could not believe anyone could take that.

Using a stool, jasmine mounted the beam as she lowered her weight on to the beam and as the sharp point cut into her swollen cunt she screamed into the gag. Rachel pulled jasmine’s legs back to the rear and cuffed them placing even more weight directly on jasmine’s cunt. Then she spread jasmine cunt lips apart and pulled the labia rings over small hooks in the sides of the beam, so that all of jasmine weight was directly on her wide open cunt. "Enjoy the show slave, it will show you what is in store for you".

Racheal left and shortly returned with a male being pulled by a leash. He was told to strip and then was cuffed to the hanging chains and then his ankles were cuffed to floor rings spread-eagling him. The chains were pulled until he was stretched taunt and jasmine knew this was painful.

Racheal stood in front of the naked slave and as he looked at the naked jasmine his cock became hard. Racheal slapped the hard cock, and said, "Your Mistress said you couldn’t control your cock, and sent a box earlier with instructions." From the box she removed a kali bracelet and a ball crusher. The ball crusher was two pieces the top part opened and went around the top of his balls and closed. The bottom of what looked like a box was attached to the top with screws. There were four holes in the box that was locked around the balls. Racheal retrieved four bolts. The bolts were screwed into the box slowly crushing his balls as they went into the box.

Racheal then took the kali bracelet, and showed the slave the sharp spikes that lined the inside of it as she locked it around his cock. As the bracelet closed the slave screamed in pain. He was informed that his owner had requested he be whipped with 10 strokes on his back, ass, chest and legs. He pleaded for mercy, but was denied.

"Your reward is you can watch my new slave ride the horse. Isn’t she lovely and so hot looking with the nipple and cunt rings?" Racheal told the male slave, "As a reward for Jasmine being so honest; your ass will receive the 10 strokes with a rattan cane by jasmine". Racheal turned to Jasmine and told her if the strokes were not as severe as she could deliver, then jasmine would suffer even worse than the male slave.

Racheal picked up a bull whip and proceeded to apply slowly the 10 strokes to his back. He cried in pain screaming with each stroke and when she was done the slaves back had 10 wide stripes. She then used a flogger on the slave’s legs and chest.

Jasmine was released from the horse and once she could stand without pain, her hands were released and she was handed a cane. Jasmine noticed Racheal’s hand on the shock collar’s remote, so that any thought of rebellion and attack on Racheal was useless.

Jasmine told the slave to get ready for the worse caning he ever had. Racheal watched as jasmine place all her weight behind each stroke and when done there were ten perfect parallel stripes across his ass and most were bleeding. Racheal told jasmine she did very well, and while a slave; her experience as a domme would still be used. She then was placed back on the horse for the remainder of the 5 hours.

The male slave was released from the chains and lead out of the dungeon. At the end of the five hours Jasmine was helped off the horse with a very swollen cunt and she could not walk normally as she was taken back to her cell and locked in for the night, but not before Racheal praised her for not earning any minutes of hell.

As the door locked jasmine sat on the cot and realized this was the first time she was in the cell with her hands free.

Going over in her mind the events of the last three days she was trying to make sense of what was happening to her. Why her body was responding to the pain and how she was obeying commands sometimes without protest.

She also enjoyed caning the male slave, but she knew Racheal was in control, not her. She looked at her new body with its piercings, hairless cunt and tattoo and could not think how any slave would now obey her. Also she wondered why did not mind wearing the collar. With that she stretched out on the cot and masturbated several times before she fell asleep with a smile on her face.

In the morning when the cell door opened, Jasmine said, "Mistress Racheal, can we please talk for a few minutes". Racheal nodded ok and then jasmine said, "I don’t understand what is happening to me."

Racheal said, "Let me tell you it is the freedom from being in control that slaves love and enjoy. Just as I have seen with you getting wet from the treatment you have been receiving, you body is enjoying not being in control".

Jasmine said, "Bullshit bitch, I am a Domme, not one of your fucking slave toys that you abuse".

Racheal smiled and said, "I am so glad you still have some spunk despite what your body feels and the conflict in your mind. Also that is 2 minutes you have earned in hell, and I have a new stronger hell for you".

Jasmine’s eyes went wide hearing about a new stronger liquid and could not imagine anything stronger.

"There are still 27 days left on your contract slave, so we will find out if your mind is stronger than the feelings your body has. Time will tell slave slut".

Jasmine was taken to the shower room and allowed to clean herself and wash her hair. She carefully washed her swollen sore cunt and the rest of her body and felt better as the warm water flowed over her body.

Once done and dried off a bowl of the food and a bowl of yellow liquid were placed in front of her and she was instructed to eat and drink. After eating she started drinking the liquid and spit it out upon tasting it and threw the bowl across the room yelling, "I don’t drink piss bitch" and went toward the sink and to drink from that. Racheal pressed the button on the collar’s remote control and jasmine’s body went into spasms as she collapsed and passed out.

**Chapter 8**

As jasmine woke up she tried to move but found herself helpless and saw she was bound to a steel frame in a room she had never seen. She felt a gag that completely filled her mouth and she felt a tube down her throat and saw a tube going out of the gag.

Jasmine saw that Racheal was sitting in a chair in front of her wearing her black leather bikini with 6" heeled matching boots and a whip coiled in her belt and was scared as to what was going to happen to her.

Smiling Racheal stood and removed a sheet that was hanging on the wall in front of Jasmine and it revealed a wall mirror. Jasmine saw that around her neck was a 6" wide posture collar, which was attached to the frame preventing her from moving her head. She also saw that her arms and legs were bound to the frame with thick heavy straps. Also she saw a 4" wide belt at her belly and a strap above and below her breasts. Jasmine realized she was in extreme bondage and while frightened of Racheal, she felt her body get excited.

"So you don’t like my golden nectar slave, you had better get use to it as it is now the only thing you will have to drink from now on" said Racheal as she left the room.

Jasmine could only imagine that what Racheal had planned for her was not going to be nice.

Hearing the elevator, Jasmine saw Racheal returning and she was accompanied by Shelia (the Domme who owned the bar). Seeing Jasmine, Shelia commented, "Nice rings on the slave and I like the colors. I also see you are using the feeding gag harness I designed". Jasmine realized the tube down her throat was a feeding tube and could only wonder what was going to be forced through it.

Jasmine watched as Shelia placed a box down telling Racheal that inside was the new control chastity belt design that would drive this slave crazy.

Shelia asked, "So Racheal what do you have planned for jasmine today?".

Racheal said, "Well since she didn’t enjoy my golden wine, I think she might enjoy her own gold wine".

"Now that is something I would love to see. By the way several Dommes that have lost bets to her have asked you show her no mercy as she never did with them!" Shelia said.

Jasmine watched as Racheal picked up a catheter from the nearby table and shook her head no once she saw what was in Racheal’s hand. Carefully Racheal inserted the catheter into jasmine and clamped it off. Watching as Racheal left the room; Jasmine felt the catheter inside her and could only wonder how Racheal was going to use it.

Racheal returned with a gallon bottle of ice cold water with a tube attached to it that had a valve. Racheal attached the tube from the bottle to the feeding tube part of the gag and hung the bottle on one of the hooks on the frame above jasmine’s head and opened the valve and the water flowed into Jasmine.

After a few minutes jasmine started feeling cramps in her belly and the pain from water filling her was increasing. Her eyes pleaded with Racheal to stop releasing the water, but all Racheal did was to pick up a cane from the table and she walked behind jasmine. "Ten strokes on the ass slave" Racheal told her. As each stroke tore into her ass cheeks jasmine screamed into the gag and she now knew how every slave she had ever caned felt and the extreme pain of being caned by someone who was experienced in causing the most pain. Her ass after the ten strokes bore ten dark red welts that spread from the top of the cheeks to the crease at the bottom and to her surprise, Jasmine could feel her juices flowing down her legs.

Shelia walked up and fingered the welts on jasmine’s ass saying, "Nice close even grouping". And then commented on how wet Jasmine was.

As Racheal put down the cane she suddenly slapped jasmine’s belly with a leather paddle. Jasmine shook in the chains as the slap increased the cramps and pain in her very swollen belly. Racheal stood in front of her and asked "Slave do you want the water released? If so nod your head". A stubborn jasmine shook her head no.

Racheal asked Shelia, "What about another 4 quarts for the slut". Jasmine nodded quickly not wanting any more in her belly and wanting the pressure and pain relieved as soon as possible even if it meant she had to swallow it.

"I think it will take another 3 hours for the water to go through her kidneys to her bladder," said Racheal. Jasmine screamed but all she could do was watch Shelia and Rachel leave the dungeon and left her hanging there.

Three hours later Racheal and Shelia returned to a struggling jasmine who had tears running down her face and was in extreme pain as the pressure to pee was great. Racheal attached the catheter tube to the tube going through the gag and said, "I am sure you will learn that MY golden nectar is as tasty as your gold wine and next time you will drink it".

With that she opened the valve and jasmine watched as the yellow fluid flowed from her cunt toward her mouth and there was nothing she could do to stop it from going down her throat. Once she started tasting the pee as it flowed down her throat, jasmine decided at that point she would drink all the pee Racheal gave her rather than drink the gallon of her piss again. After the pee stopped flowing, the tube from her cunt the catheter and gag were released. While the cramps stopped her belly now was full of her pee which made her sick just from the thought and the taste.

Shelia smiled as she asked for a copy of the tape so everyone could see jasmine drinking her own piss. Jasmine could not believe how sadistic Racheal was, and deeply regretted ever making that bet.

"Now to continue your caning with your breasts next," said Racheal. A board was strapped under her 38D breasts supporting them for the cane. Quickly six strokes of the cane went across the top of both breasts leaving bloody stripes. At this point jasmine passed out from the pain.

**Chapter 9**

Jasmine woke up lying in the shower with yellow pee all over the floor and her body. As she looked down at her breasts, which were extremely painful, she saw bloody stripes across both of them and wondered if this would cause scars on what was her perfect 38D set.

She could not believe what Racheal had done to her and as she thought she was a nasty Domme, but she wasn’t even in the same class as Racheal. A chain from her collar was attached to a floor ring so she could move if needed. As she tried to move pain shot out from her breasts and ass and she collapsed back on the floor. She had never experienced anything as horrible as what she had experienced in the dungeon and her spirit was just about broken and she realized she need to submit and obey completely to save her life.

Suddenly, a hose shot cold water all over her body washing off the vomit. She crawled into the corner to avoid the water. Racheal and Shelia just laughed at how she looked. "Slave are you going to obey or do you want even more pain". Jasmine said, "No Mistress I will obey". A towel was tossed at her and she dried off. She was taken back to the dungeon and again was stretched taunt in the chains.

Shelia opened the box she brought and pulled out a chastity belt made of plastic and metal. She attached a very large metal dildo and metal butt plug to the plastic crotch strap and there were wires that went to a control box on the waist band. The waist band was locked around jasmine’s waist and the plug and dildo were lubed and inserted in her and the crotch strap locked shut. Another band was strapped on her right wrist.

As the dildo’s in the belt started to vibrate, slowly jasmine’s body started to react to it and she began to get excited. The dildo was turned to high speed and quickly it lead to jasmine having an orgasm.

The belt was shut off, and Shelia explained that jasmine’s pulse and heart rate at the time of orgasm were now stored in the wrist band’s microprocessor which sent signals to the belt. Shelia explained that controls can be set so the belt will shock her just before she cums and will then go back to vibration or just vibrate until she passed out from the pleasure of the vibrators. As jasmine heard this she realized what her next torture this would be. "Cool" said Racheal, "set it for a one hour period and let’s watch jasmine suffer".

Jasmine felt the belt turn on and again her body reacted to the vibrators in her cunt and ass, as her body started to move to an orgasm, but every time she was just about to cum, the belt sent a powerful electric shock from the anal plug through the dildo and stopped the climax.

After about 30 minutes jasmine was pleading to be allowed to cum, but was told only good slaves get to cum and rebellious slaves suffer. Jasmine had never felt so excited and frustrated as she could not cum. The belt device was a torture just as she was told and the more she was denied the more her body wanted to cum. After about another 20 minutes, jasmine crying shouted, "please Mistress I will do anything you want, but please let me cum".

"So slave you will serve as MY toilet slave swallowing everything I produce" Racheal asked. As another shock went through her stopping her body from cumming jasmine screamed, "yes Mistress I will be your toilet, please let me cum". Racheal just watched as jasmine went through 3 more cycles of shocks before allowing jasmine to cum. Jasmine’s body erupted in the hardest longest orgasm she every had in her life and then she collapsed in the chains. Racheal smiled knowing this was the first step in making jasmine a pure total slave for life.

**Chapter 10: 'The Trainer'**

After releasing jasmine, Racheal and Shelia dragged jasmine up to Racheal’s bedroom and chained her to ceiling rings facing the bed. Racheal and Shelia stripped and went to the bed and started making passionate love with each other.

Racheal reached over and set the control belt on jasmine to tease mode and laughed and told jasmine enjoy the sight and pray I let you cum at some point.

Jasmine watched them having sex while the control belt shocked her every time she was close to cumming. Racheal asked jasmine if she wanted to cum again. Jasmine said, "yes Mistress if you would allow".

Racheal tossed Shelia both the collar and belt remotes and said, "jasmine, you have to earn that by using your mouth and tongue to give me an orgasm. If you do it real good I will allow you to cum again, but do a poor job and the belt will send shocks for a minute".

"Yes Mistress I understand and would love to pleasure you". Jasmine was released from the chains and crawled to Racheal’s bed and climbed on it moving between the spread legs in front of her. Jasmine slowly moved up each leg using her tongue to tease and as she found Racheal’s wet cunt. She slid her tongue in it and started licking and driving it deep, she could tell Racheal’s body was responding and moved her tongue faster to please her Mistress and drink her tasty juices. After about 20 minutes Racheal wrapped her legs around jasmine’s head and pulled her face right into her cunt as she came squirting her juices into jasmine’s mouth and on her face. Jasmine quickly swallowed her juices enjoying the taste.

"Very good slave you have potential. Shelia turn the vibrators on extreme and let her cum for a few minutes" said Racheal. As the vibrators went to extreme jasmine body shook as she had another immense orgasm.

Shelia asked Racheal if jasmine knew what she did for a living now. Racheal said, "All she knows is I am rich and own a few businesses."

"So she doesn’t know that in the B&D community you are known as the 'trainer'" said Shelia. Upon hearing this jasmine’s eyes went wild with fear as she had always thought the 'trainer' was a fictional person that took new potential slaves and trained them to their owner’s extreme requirements, and now she was the property of 'the trainer' for another 26 days.

"No, she didn’t but it should be an interesting 26 days" said Racheal.

Jasmine said, "I want to be a Domme again when the contract ends".

"We shall see slave we shall see, and that is another 5 minutes of hell for not addressing me properly" said Racheal as she took the belt remote and changed the settings to full shock and vibration. Jasmine’s body shook from the pain of the shocks and from the pleasure of the vibrator on high and after 30 minutes of torture, jasmine could not tell the difference between pain or pleasure, as her body was in overload and she had several very intense orgasms. They released jasmine from the chains, handcuffed her hands behind her back and took her back to her cell for the night.



12.11.14

story continues in [**Jasmine becomes a Slave 4: Jasmine's Discovery**](jasminebecomesaslave4.html)

o0o
