---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Something New
authors:
- Lobo De la Sombra
tags:
- M/f
- D/s
- latex
- catsuit
- gag
- tease
- mast
- sex
- climax
- fantasy
- cons
- X
date: 2007-04-01 00:00:00
---

The knock on the door came as a surprise. With the kids at school, and her husband at work, she’d been looking forward to a quiet, relaxing day. With a soft sigh, she drew her robe closer about her and opened the door. She wasn’t sure what she was expecting, but it wasn’t what she saw.

“Master?”

Dressed in his customary black, he stood in the doorway, holding a rather large box. Smiling quietly, he waited until she regained her composure, then asked, “May I come in?”

“Yes, yes, of course.” Gathering her wits, she stepped aside to let him enter. Closing the door, she eyed the box he held loosely. It looked almost like a garment box, but why would he be bringing clothes? Master generally wanted her nude for his pleasure.

After a warm hug, Master held her at arm’s length. As usual, his eyes seemed to bore right through to her soul, causing her to shiver in nervous anticipation. Knowing how she loved the feeling, he let it build for a moment before breaking the silence.

“Are you ready for this?”

Still shivering, she nodded slowly. Any time he felt the need to ask if she were ready, it meant he had some new experience for her. Already, she could feel the moisture gathering between her thighs.

“Into the bathroom, then,” he commanded softly, “and strip.”

The bathroom? Puzzled, she obeyed, slipping off her robe even as she turned away. Stepping into the bathroom, she draped the robe over the toilet. Were they going to shower together?

Stepping in behind her, Master closed the door, then turned and reached for her. With a happy sigh, she moved toward him, but he held her at arm’s length. Slowly, gently, he began stroking her body. As the gentle caresses continued, she felt her body relax, her eyes closing as she basked in the feeling of his warm hands. A cooler touch opened her eyes, and she looked down to see him spreading a white powder over her skin.

“Talc,” he said, smiling. “It’ll make the next part easier.”

Next part? Still puzzled, she stood still as he covered her from toes to neck in the white powder. When she was covered to his satisfaction, he took up the box and stepped behind her. The rustling and squeaking sounds intrigued her, but she gazed steadily forward, knowing how he hated having his surprises ruined.

“Left foot.” At the soft command, she lifted her left foot. He grasped it firmly, and then she flinched just a bit as her foot was pushed into something cold. Some firm tugging, and she felt her lower leg encased in the same cold. He set her foot down, then did the same to the right foot.

As Master stood, she couldn’t resist the temptation to look down. To her surprise, she found her feet and lower legs encased in black rubber. The rest of the outfit, whatever it was, pooled before her. She watched as Master drew the rubber the rest of the way up her legs. Smooth black rubber now covered her legs and ass, the cold material warming with contact. The feel of Master’s fingers between her thighs made her realize the outfit was crotchless, and she shivered at the warmth of his touch. Behind her, she could feel Master smile at her reaction.

“Hands at your sides palms in,” he commanded. Puzzled, she obeyed, palms pressed against her thighs. “Good girl,” he said softly, bringing a rush of pleasure to her. Reaching around her, he drew the top of the outfit up, stretching it slightly to go over her shoulders. She heard a zipper closing, and the rubber began to tighten about her upper body. Her hands, then her arms, were pressed firmly to the sides of her body, and she realized suddenly that she couldn’t move them. Steeling herself, she stood still as the zipper rose, a small click at the end telling her it was now locked in place. Gently, Master turned her toward the mirror on the back of the door, and she gasped at what she saw.

From neck to toe, she was covered in black rubber, a shiny second skin that faithfully hugged every curve. Cutouts allowed her firm breasts to poke through, while her neatly trimmed pussy was visible between her thighs.

The strangest things were the arms. There were none! From neck to waist, her upper body formed a single column. Her arms, pinned tightly to her sides by the tight rubber, were totally useless, and she shivered at the depth of her helplessness.

Damn him, she thought, feeling the moisture begin to gather between her thighs. He knew all too well her addiction to total helplessness. The more helpless and vulnerable he could make her, the better she liked it. And this outfit took her to whole new levels. Lost in the feeling, she barely noticed Master’s hands smoothing her hair. At the touch of the penis gag, she parted her lips without hesitation, gladly accepting the familiar shape and the silence it imposed upon her.

With a gentle smile, Master guided her from the bathroom and toward the bedroom. Without the use of her arms, her balance wasn’t as good as it usually was, and she was grateful for his firm grasp on her shoulder as he led her into her room and stretched her out on the bed.

She watched as he disrobed, her breath catching as it always did when his manhood sprang into view. Spreading her legs, she arched her back, raising her pussy to him in silent offering. Smiling, he stretched out beside her, his hands roaming gently over her rubber clad form.

Under his touch, she squirmed. It was hard to believe how much the rubber seemed to magnify the sensations coursing through her. Added to her helplessness, it conspired to bring her to a slow boil that she knew would engulf her when he permitted.

Deftly, deliberately, he stroked her body, avoiding only contact with her exposed skin. Soon, she found herself twisting helplessly, trying to bring her breasts or pussy into contact with his roaming hands. Smiling, he avoided her writhing, his hands continuing their gentle torture until muted pleading sounds began leaking from behind her gag.

Suddenly, he raised up and looked down upon her. She lay quivering, her need robbing her of movement as she gazed at him with lust-glazed eyes, desperately needing the orgasm that both knew she could only have with his permission.

For long moments, he simply gazed at her. Then, deliberately, he lowered his head, one hand moving up her body. The feel of his lips on one hard nipple, his fingers on the other, shot through her like fire. Always sensitive to his touch, her nipples hardened almost to the point of painfulness. Her breath rasped through her nose, her eyes going in and out of focus as he drew her ever deeper into a world of need.

Lost in her own helpless world, she barely noticed when he moved over her. The feel of his cock probing the lips of her pussy brought her need into focus, and she arched her back even as he thrust, impaling her totally. Slowly, he rode her, drawing every ounce of passion from her helplessly writhing body. Finally, after what felt like years, she felt his cock swell, and she knew his release, and hers, was only seconds away.

Now his lips brushed her ear. “Cum for me, my pet,” he whispered. At his words, she exploded, her body bow taut as massive waves crashed through her again and again. Through a red haze, his smiling eyes were her last sight as she closed her own, surrendering totally to the feeling.

Slowly, her eyes opened, gazing up at the empty room. Sighing, she slipped her finger from her pussy, her other hand rising to gently withdraw the corner of the bedspread stuffed into her mouth. Unmindful of her nakedness, she rose and moved to the window, looking out onto the snow covered yard. In her mind, she saw him again, as he had looked on that last day.

“I’m sorry, Master,” she whispered, and let the tears flow.
