---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/studio5.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Studio 5
authors:
- John Roper
tags:
- F/mf
- bond
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Studio 4**](studio4.html))

**Part
Five - Angelina's Story**

Apart from being a rich man's brat, Angelina Cox was
an excellent example of a sub out of control, and searching unceasingly for the
unholy grail of her first, top-of-the-mountain, bondage orgasm experience. Not
having to make a living can do that to types like her who are as hooked on
sadistic rope play as crack heads are on what floats *their*
boats.

So when the 26-year old, Brazilian-American beauty heard the unmistakable
sound of muffled laughter emanating from the terrace next door, speculations as
to its reasons soon eclipsed what was on her mind at the time.

As was Angelina's style, her throwing-caution-to-the-wind MO soon had the
five-foot-four-inch thrill-seeker straddling the terrace fence and climbing into
unknown territory. Curiosity had truly killed the cat of Cox's pussy envy,
sending a glut rush of wet spot excitation to her groin as she parted the
terrace door curtain a bit to take a peek into Lin and Stephanie's situation.

'I must be dreaming,' thought Angelina Cox while reaching for
a length of rope and using four turns of it to thoroughly and quietly blindfold
Lin before the vanilla Asian could catch a glimpse of who would do such a thing
in the first place.

The unmistakable sounds of male moaning and orgasmic relief pouring forth
from Molly's satisfaction gave Angelina all the evidence she needed to spring
into action.

'Who knew,' she quipped to herself as she stood over the situation and
quickly decided on what to do next. 'The package.'

Her eyes went wide with gleeful recollection before heading for the door,
which she unlatched so she could get back in, should things bend back in that
direction.

'My morning run can wait,' she decided, while slipping out of her sweats
and into what Donna had anonymously sent her through the mail; a red, Studio
chicken suit with a note attached that read: 'When you think there might be
something up your alley going on next door, try this on for size and send an
email to [**JR2001@StudioLimit.com**](mailto:JR2001@TheStudioLimit.com), with nothing but the word 'knots' in the
subject field. Then, just wait.'

As she logged in and typed the message she'd been waiting weeks to send,
a few fantasy scenarios overtook her concentration.

'I wonder who the guy doing all the moaning is.'

Molly Sims knew that all she had to do in order to change the complexion
of here current bondage adventure was free Roger and let the cards fall where
they most certainly would.

There was no way he could undo her in his present fix, making it
abundantly obvious that Donna had set things up so as to make sure the
hard-bodied hunk would eventually have his way with Sims; unless, of course,
Stephanie had a mind to use her freedom in an uncharacteristic direction or two.

All Molly had to do was pull out the pop knot that secured the tether
line to the center brass bar, and Roger's bound wrists would be freed from the
bed. He'd then, of course, have to remove the duct tape and such around his
lower face before being able to undo the wrist cinch knots with his teeth. It
was obviously time to make a major decision, something Molly Sims rarely did, or
had to do, where situations such as these were concerned.

Meanwhile, Roger kept interrupting her thinking with his indicating
glances and body language, hoping the bound and gagged bimbo would free his arms
from the bed to give him a shot at topping their circumstance until his fuming
frustration and belated expectations had been thoroughly satisfied.

Molly decided against freeing the hunk before raising herself off of his
cock and the bed and heading for what she hoped would be a less intimidating
option, one that would not demand any serious decision making on her part.

After discovering both the terrace and the other bedroom were not
occupied, she walked quietly into the living room and took stock of the
situation.

Lin's frantic writhing, pained, no-fun-at-all expression, and well
muffled screaming told Sims to follow her extensively knowledgeable instincts.

'GOODness,' pondered Molly. She immediately knelt to the task of undoing
the knots that secured Lin's brutal hogtie to the arm glove ring.

Meanwhile, back at Angelina Cox's, a Studio form rolled out of her fax
machine as an email appeared in her box. It read: 'Fill out the form, sign, and
have it witnessed, then fax it back to the number at the bottom, and wait for
the next instruction. If you don't sign on to The Studio, email me for an
appointment by putting 'Chicken Suit' in the Subject field.'

"Witness? Where the hell am I going to find a witness at this time
of the morning?" Stephanie immediately came to mind. "…Appointment
for what?"

Molly decided not to undo Lin's rope blindfold, and kept a sharp eye on
Stephanie as she worked the knots and such as best she could and decided to fuck
Roger one more time. Of course, there was always the possibility that Lin would
not undo her, which further added to the distress of the moment, which, in turn,
gave her pussy another reason to twitch and gush.

'Whatever,' thought Molly after the last arm glove strap was undone. She
then walked back into the hallway, leaving Lin to the task of freeing the rest
of her exhausted bones and making a decision as to what would happen next.

Roger watched Sims enter the room, close and lock the door behind her,
and get back onto his case.

It took Lin a few minutes to get free and decide to just leave things as
they were, as opposed to getting further involved in the outrageous can of worms
she'd unwittingly opened as a result of her concern for Stephanie's wellbeing.

'I'd better sleep on this before making any judgments,' she decided, then
quietly left the apartment and headed back to her own.

As luck and coincidence would have it, just as she had gotten within a
few yards of Angelina's door, it opened. The two damsels said nothing, but an
aura of mystery did surround the encounter. An exchange of phony smiles also
suggested to both that something uncharacteristic to their recently initiated
tenant relationship was afoot.

Lin did, however, take note of the red chicken suit Angelina was wearing,
but didn't look back after entering her apartment and closing the door.

'Looks like the party's over,' figured Cox before walking to and standing
in front of Donna's apartment door. 'Better knock first.'

Nobody answered, which did much to add to the moisture that had been
building down below ever since the sounds of muffled laughter brought the
Brazilian-American sub to her terrace door. Now that Lin was out of the picture,
a new strategy had to be formed, one that would give Angelina legitimate reason
to poke her nose into things.

She carefully cracked the door a bit, saw nothing untoward and said,
"Hello- anybody Home?"

Stephanie was still dead to the world on the couch, while Molly's muffled
pleasure scrams subtly filled the apartment, giving Angelina further reason to
enter and close the door behind her, which she locked. Her ear was soon pressed
up against Donna's bedroom door.

'SOMEone got lucky last night,' she figured, then dashed back to the
living room to sit next to Stephanie on the couch.

"Hey?" she said while nudging her neighbor on the knee.
"Wake up."

As Danner regained consciousness, Cox fabricated a very concerned
expression and continued nudging. When her target opened her eyes she said,
"Are you alright?"

Stephanie immediately looked down at the floor for Lin; seeing that she
wasn't there, she jumped up and off the couch and said, "Who?"

"I'm your next door neighbor," informed Angelina

Danner brought her right hand to her forehead and short-circuited for a
few seconds. 'Holy shit.'

"I was on my terrace before, remember (?), and heard some very
frantic sounds coming from your apartment."

Just then, Molly reached the apex of her current multiple, filling the
moment with the unmistakable feedback of her current orgasmic completion.

"The door was unlocked, so I took the liberty of…Is everything
OK?"

Stephanie quickly composed herself and said, "Give me a minute, will
you," while leaving the room in search of Lin.

Angelina smiled, pulled her naked feet up under her butt and pleasured
her now very wet spot with both hands.

"Sure."

After looking into her own room, Stephanie grabbed Donna's doorknob and
discovered that whoever was in there had engaged the lock. Visions of what might
have transpired since she'd conked out on the couch filled her frantic and very
guilt-ridden thinking. She quickly pulled herself together and walked back into
the living room, where she smiled and said to her innocent looking neighbor,
"Everything is cool. Thank you for…uh…being so..."

It was then she became completely aware of the chicken suit Angelina was
wearing. 'OH-boy.'

"OK- well, we can't be too cautious these days," said Cox while
standing and heading for the door.

"Really," agreed Danner. "Thanks for your concern."

"No problem," said her dark-haired neighbor. She then stopped
and turned from leaving to say, "I wonder if you would do me a small favor."

Stephanie was suddenly nervous with renewed wet spot activity.
"Sure."

Angelina stepped to the dining room table, where she placed the Studio
form she'd had in hand since entering the apartment, and asked, "Would you
witness my signing this form?"

When it showed up on my office fax machine I smiled and punched up
Stephanie's number.

Her answering tone was somewhat apprehensive. "Hello?"

"Hi- it's me."

"Oh, HI! Where are you?"

"Where would you like me to be?"

"…I was hoping I could be wherever *you* are."

I smiled knowingly. "Can you get to The Studio?"

Stephanie looked down at the two arm cloves on the floor, thought for a
second, and said "No."

"I see that you and Angelina have met."

Danner's eyes widened a bit in the middle of a flashback of the form
signing and witnessing. "How did you know that?"

"I have a fax copy of her disclaimer right here on my desk."

"Oh."

Just then, an envelope was slipped under the apartment door.

"Did she slip the original under your door yet?"

Stephanie stared down at the mail and smiled while trying to adjust
further and further into the spirit of her next, forthcoming, Studio adventure.

"It just arrived."

"Good. Is it the original?"

"…Yes."

"Great. Having fun?"

She walked to and plopped down onto the couch, where she curled up and
got into a more centered and seductive head. "Is Andy Rooney a
curmudgeon?"

"How long will it take to get dressed for action?"

"How about a half hour."

"Make it twenty minutes."

While Stephanie prepared herself, Molly decided to pull out the pop knot
that held Roger's wrist tether line to the bed bar, but remained impaled on his
cock while he managed the difficult task of undoing both the gag and the
several, tightly drawn, wrist cinch knots Donna had deliberately sewn into her
latest conquest's dilemma.

The prospect of what would soon happen between she and the hunk gave
Molly's passion new reasons to swell and drip with kinky trepidation. The closer
Roger got to freeing himself, the hotter Sims got. 'This is soooo hot.'

Meanwhile, back at Angelina's, her own personal fashion show was in
progress, with occasional glances at the clock to make sure she wasn't late for
her first Studio encounter. She finally decided on an especially revealing,
strapless, light blue teddy and six-inch pumps, a purposeful choice that, thanks
to snaps at the crotch, made it possible to remove the garment more easily,
should her rigger decide to do so mid bind or before.

"There- that should pop their eyes and cocks out when the time comes
to lose the coat."

Fifteen minutes later

My last instruction to Stephanie was that she get into the white Porsche
waiting for her on the driveway ramp in front of her building. She was not at
all surprised to see Angelina in its driver's seat.

That was, however, not the case with
Cox.

"You?"

Danner slammed the door, put on the seat belt, and scoped the full
length, black leather coat her driver was wearing.

"Who were you expecting, Woody Woodpecker?"

Their conversation en route to The Studio was pedestrian and sparse;
neither wanted to be the one to bring up their current hot topic. However, hard
as they tried, they could not help but keep the psychic voltage in the car from
escalating to hair-raising the deeper they descended into Manhattan.

Before discovering the apartment was empty, Roger frog-tied Molly on the
bedroom floor to make sure she didn't get into any further mischief. Without
undoing his penis confinement, he took a leisurely shower, finished off the
quart of milk in the fridge, and made a few calls to free up his day.

No one had ever tied up his full blown erection before, or used him the
way Donna and Molly had. Now that payback time had arrived, Roger was determined
to balance the scales with at least one of them before setting the get-even
wheels in motion with the other.

Molly's respect for his disciplined passion doubled as she waited the 30-
minutes it took Roger to get back on HER case. The sound of the room key
unlocking its door sent a kinky shiver up her spine to accompany the cold sweat
that suddenly glazed her body with the fearful, physical fallout of her
overwhelmed sensibilities.

'Wow.'

She didn't appear to be awake, but when the door was closed and locked
she could not help but look up at Roger's chiseled hard body and the determined
look on his handsome features. The cock bind had been removed, and, thanks to
the hunks decision not to relieve himself of the bind until just before heading
back to the bedroom, the rough line indentations it caused could be clearly
seen.

'Oh-shit.'

Roger removed Molly's gag without saying a word, got into bed, and
rewound the tape in Donna's VCR. He'd memorized the digit to the episode he most
enjoyed while waiting for Donna to remove the hangman's noose that tethered Sims
to the bedpost.

"Where's Donna?"

"I have no idea."

Just then, the phone signaled and the answering machine picked it up
after the 4th ring.

"Hiy'all. Can anyone pick up this call?"

"…Well, hello, Donna."

"Well, hello, *Roger*."
Her tone was decidedly provocative. "Having fun?"

"Tons. You?"

"Enough, for now. I do hope you enjoy Molly. She was the least I
could do after what I put you through."

Roger did his best to hide his disgruntlement. "Where are you?"

"On my way to Cancun. Care to join me?"

"Sure, but not until I spend the rest of the day and night fucking
Molly's brains out."

Later

When our latest dynamic duo pulled up in front of 325 East West Street,
security surveillance cameras informed us of the event. Angelina's cell signaled,
but she did not answer it, so I called Stephanie's.

"Hello?"

"Tell her to answer her cell the next time it rings."

"OK."

It rang again, and, again, it was ignored.

"I’d answer that if I were you," passed on Stephanie.

"Angelina Cox speaking."

"See the driveway two car lengths in front of you?"

"Yes."

"Pull into it."

I hung up and waited. She pulled up and into the driveway. We opened the
door. As it rose on its collection spool, our most recently signed on Studio
participants took deep breaths and exchanged nervous looks.

"You've been here before?"

"I'll say. You?"

Stephanie did her best to be nonchalant. "Oh, yeah- come here all
the time."

The first thing they saw was a sign that read, 'Park in slot five number
five, leave your belongings and keys in the car, and get into the red-framed
elevator.'

While Angelina did just that, Stephanie answered her phone and listened
for a few seconds before saying, "Got it," and hanging up.

When the two damsels stepped into the lift and its doors closed, my voice
rang out on the intercom as they scoped the handcuffs hanging by a thread in the
middle of the conveyance.

"Take off the leather coat, Cox, and let it fall to the floor."

She did so.

"Now face the wall to your right and put your hands, palm-to-palm,
behind your back."

She did that too, and felt the cold grip of steel locking onto her right
upper elbow.

"As tight as possible," said I from the main control room.

Angelina's mid arm joints were quickly secured together, with only an
inch-and-a-half of wiggle room between cuffs. All she had on under the coat was
the outfit she'd chosen earlier for the event her signed and witnessed Studio
form specified.

The elevator started to rise. Both damsels watched the eight numbered
lights above the door and, without turning their heads, threw each other
sideward glances.

'Great body,' noticed Stephanie, just as the slow moving lift passed the
6th floor.

'I wonder how they knew to send me the form and, what did he call it, the
chicken suit?'

How we knew was that I'd been approached by a very rich, very concerned
Studio member who had a daughter he loved dearly, but who, up until recently,
knew nothing of her bondage orgasm habit. It wasn't until pictures of Ms. Cox
started showing up on the sample pages of a few fetish sites frequented by her
dad that he caught wind of his daughter's secret life.

Though Angelina had done her best to keep the details of her kinky
activity from dad, thanks to the best private investigator in town, and a mole
he'd inserted into her circle, he'd managed to learn all he needed to know in
order to justify Studio involvement.

I immediately started looking for a safe place for Angelina to live,
while her dad suggested to her that it was high time she moved out of his Long
Island mansion and maintain a place of her own. Coincidentally, Donna learned of
the available apartment next to hers and immediately put me in touch with the
building's rental agent. Yada, yada, yada.

When The Studio's service elevator reached the eighth floor and its doors
opened, Stephanie stepped off and into the gold walled, white ceiling vestibule
beyond. Angelina followed, only to be stopped by the sound of my voice over the
intercom.

"Stay on the lift, Angelina."

She backed up and onto her coat, the doors closed, and Cox was lowered to
her dream-come-true, with the envelope containing the original of her Studio
form lying on the floor behind her. Danner had seen to that. She also knew the
door in front of her was unlocked, and that she could open it and step into her
next adventure anytime she wished, or wait for me to make the next move. She
hesitated for a few seconds as I watched from the control room with 'Q.'

"A box of Macanudos says she waits," he wagered.

"You're on."

Two seconds later, Stephanie Danner stepped forward, opened the door and
gingerly walked into my apartment.

She smiled at what she saw. "Oh-wow, VERY cool."

All the lights were on, giving my favorite damsel a fully illuminated
look at my 5000-square-foot crib. Nothing in it, however, suggested that I was
into what was coming down on the fourth floor.

Stephanie was immediately drawn to an area resplendent with TV screens.
She lost her fighter pilot jacket en route and wondered if her activity was also
being monitored when she saw what the screens revealed. They were tracking
Angelina's every move, which eventually ended her up under the spotlight in the
center of floor four's main workout/ballroom.

After splashing down and into the cushy sofa in front of the show in her
black-leather, mini-skirt and long-sleeved, white-silk blouse, Stephanie kicked
off her 6-inch, black, patent-leather heels and got into The Studio's current
program.

'I could get used to this,' she quipped, with a tinge of jealous concern,
as she watched me bind Angelina's wrists together, palm-to-palm, with a ten-foot
length of eighth-inch thick, cotton line and listened to the following exchange.

"Who are you?"

"You can call me Master."

"How did you know…"

"I'm psychic."

"No- really, why did you send ME the chicken suit and form?"

"Guess."

I finished up with the wrist cinch, making it especially tight. The elbow
cuffs were quickly removed and replaced with several turns of quarter-inch
cotton line.

She was now breathing very heavily and obviously in a state of
pleasurable distress. "My ex?"

"Guess again."

"Jewel?"

I again made sure the elbow cinch was as tight as I could make it.

"Who is Jewel?"

"Uh, nevermind."

I dropped the first bomb as I knotted things off. "Actually, it was
Angel Devlin who steered us in your direction."

A powerful burst of kinky excitation raced to Angelina's pussy when she
heard her bondage modeling name. It never occurred to her that anyone would
recognize her in the pictures for which she'd posed and signed releases. The
sites they appeared on were not what one would call top of the line, let alone
heavily member-shipped.

"But how did you…"

"We webmaster one of the sites," I lied.

"…OK."

"Anymore questions?"

"Just one…How do my next door neighbors fit into all of
this?"

"Sorry- that's classified. Turn around." She did. I stared her
down and said, "Now I've got one for you: why do you want to be a bondage
model?"

Angelina didn't blink or avert her gaze. "I want to be tied up by
the best riggers on the planet all the time."

"Whoooooo," commented Stephanie from the comfort of her front
row seat to Cox's revelation. "I hear *that*!"

It was time to drop the second bomb of Angelina's odyssey.

What would you say if I said you could have that and more right here at
The Studio without having to plaster your bound and bothered bones all over the
internet?"

She gave me a wide-eyed stare and gave the arm and wrist cinches a
writhing tug. "Whenever I feel like it?"

I smiled and assured her, "Anytime, anywhere, any way, any hour, and
for however long."

"Conditions?"

I pulled her form out of my back pocket and waved it in Angelina's face.

"Did you read the small print in
the back?"

"I did."

"Think you can abide by Studio rules?"

"I can."

"Good," said I before grabbing her arm and pulling her out of
the spotlight and onto door number five, 'The Rope Room.'

When we stepped in, Angelina's knees buckled a bit at the sight of all
the various kinds of rope hanging from the seams of the mirrored walls of the
well lit, 30-foot-in-diameter, circular room. A lone piece of furniture stood at
its center; a strongly constructed, plain, wooden chair with three cross braces
on its backrest and, except for the front, six on its legs, all parallel to the
floor, which was highly polished, hard, dark wood.

I quickly and tightly applied a four-inch-wide blindfold made from a tire
inner tube. It was four feet long, but stretched to four-and-a-half when two
layers were secured in back with two knots.

"Ever been bound by a superstar rigger?"

"No."

With that I closed and locked the door to 'The Rope Room' and headed for
the service elevator and Stephanie's disappointment over not being able to see
what was going on in room number five.

Angelina's love affair with and search for excruciatingly tight, rope
bondage had been going on ever since age thirteen, when a secretly jealous
schoolmate, with decidedly homosexual tendencies, hogtied Cox on a dare, in her
Bikini, during a pool party held at a mutual friend's home. She'd been left alone, with the door locked,
on a bed that had been moved to the window of the room so the unusually and
unexpectedly turned on teen could watch what was going on at the party while she
fought to escape the hundred or so feet of clothesline Marsha Walsh had used to
thoroughly bind her unsuspecting victim.

Cox had never been tied up before. The experience was, to say the least,
overwhelming; an epiphany, as it were; an eye-opener of unparalleled,
pleasurably sensual proportions. Consequently, for the next thirteen years,
she'd spent most of her free time seeking out others of her bent that were as
passionate about bondage and discipline as she was.

As Angelina lay struggling in bed, and realizing there was no way to
escape the expertly designed bind, Marsha roamed the party, making sure her very
hot-n-bothered plaything would never lose sight of her from the window. As she
did, the blonde bombshell flaunted her Bikini clad figure and connected with
several boys she knew her captive liked, pointing to the house and laughing as
she flirted. The boys would look up at the sheer curtained, second floor
windows, say things that Angelina could not hear, while sprouting all kinds of
devilish expressions. Marsha took great pleasure in playing to their sexual
inexperience and made it look like she was talking about what was going on in
the second floor bedroom. In point of fact, however, their conversations had
nothing whatsoever to do with Cox's predicament.

Angelina was not gagged, but a tight crotch rope did help stimulate the
frantically struggling teen into her first bondage orgasm. The rest, as they
say, is history.

The door to 'The Rope Room' opened again, but footsteps could not be
heard, which offered a false clue as to the identity of the rigger we'd managed
to round up on short notice for the groundbreaking event.

"Sit in the chair," said 'Q' over the intercom.

Angelina knew it was about ten feet away and in the direction she was
facing. It took her almost a minute to obey the instruction. As soon as she sat
down, her bound arms were pulled in back of the chair and a line tied to the
elbow cinch. Its other end was then threaded between the back of her forearms,
then down under the middle cross brace and up to the top one, where it was tied
off after every millimeter of slack was pulled out.

"Uuh!" commented Angelina when the top chair brace dug deep
into her armpits and another jolt of sensual appreciation raced to her now very
lubricated and twitching pussy. 'Hot.'

The mystery rigger said nothing as he ran four tight circles of
3/8ths-inch-thick hemp around his damsel's waist and forearms, which further
pinned Angelina's back and limbs to the chair. The remaining slack was used to
very tightly cinch and secure this second aspect of a fix its rigger had been
improvising as he went along.

Cox was beside herself with respect, admiration and satisfaction as she
tested the ropes and realized she was most certainly going to be tied up tighter
than she had ever been tied up before. The Studio disclaimer form and her
insatiable desire to be brutally bound with rope had seen to that.

'Woah.'

Three more circles of hemp were applied around her upper arms, which
pulled them together closer than they had ever been forced to before. The
remaining 20-feet of rope continued around her torso three times, stacked just
above her gorgeously billowing breasts, further requiring the strapless teddy to
stretch the outer limits of its designer's specifications to accommodate the 'D'
cups they restrained.

When the knots were set, the rigger undid the ones that held the elbow
line that ran under the second cross brace to the top of the backrest. For when
the first turns of rope pulled Angelina's upper arms closer together, that line
loosened somewhat, requiring a half-inch tightening adjustment that was then
re-knotted to the top of the chair.

'Wow- this guy is good,' realized Cox with mixed appreciation and a dash
of delightful regret. 'Something tells me I should have researched this bunch
before signing on.'

"Stand up," said 'Q' after pulling most of his woody influenced
self together and throwing the dead bolt to the control room to make sure his
privacy would not be prematurely interrupted.

Angelina didn't immediately understand the instruction.

"You can do it."

"Oh," she figured before leaning forward and carefully raising
herself and the chair off the floor and standing hunched over in a most
precarious posture.

While she did, her rigger affixed a skyhook to both the inner and outer,
upper arm circles, tightening things up a bit more than our latest Studio damsel
imagined it could be.

"Ankles and knees together."

Angelina obeyed and felt the pressure on the pinched circles increase
when all the slack was taken out of the overhead line by a motorized winch.

Her ankles and lower thighs were then tightly and parallel bound and
cinched with ten and twenty foot lengths of hemp, respectively. A thinner length
secured her heeled feet together as well.

It was then that the intensity of what she'd gotten herself into started
to hit her where she lived. Angelina's nipples were now rock hard. Her pussy
also reeked with the unmistakable aroma of vital affectation.

'Q' then reversed the action on the winch and said, "Sit Down."

As Cox descended and sat, the rigger threaded a line between the bottom
of one of the wrist cinch circles, pulled through about four feet of slack, and
slipped its end under Angelina's perfect rear end, then up between her legs to
the waist circles, where it was tied off.

The other end was threaded between the back of her calves, guided over
and under the foot/shoe bind cinch, and back under the chair. He then grabbed a
fistful of upper arm ropes and pulled the chair back on its rear legs to a
45-degree angle so that his damsel's feet could clear the floor as he pulled on
the rope until Angelina's lower legs were raised up under the chair.

'Uh-man.'

This brought several pounds of pressure to bear on Cox's crevice, but not
all the slack was pulled out the semi-hogtie line. The chair was then set back
on all fours while the line continued between the back of her wrist cinch, which
had tightened a bit more as a consequence of the new bind wrinkle.

'Holy SHIT!'

While holding onto the tension in one hand, and with some difficulty, the
rigger threaded the other end of the line up under the back of the inner tube
blindfold turns and knots.

"Head back," said 'Q,' in a stricter tone than had been used
before.

While the rigger's left hand maintained tension on the lower end of the
line, his right pulled down on the gag tether. He then lost the remaining slack
in both handfuls as much as his strength could manage. Angelina's feet rose
further off the floor; the crotch rope pressure tripled, and the wrist cinch
lines tightened to the max.

"OH!" commented Angelina when her head was pulled back as far
as it would go and the end of the line was passed under and over all the upper
arm circles, where its remaining slack was collected in several cinch turns and
knotted off.

"Oh-my-god."

The chair was then dragged back a few feet and a length of
one-and-a-half-inch-wide, tire inner tubing was brought to bear around Angelina
breasts and centered right over her rock hard nipples. It ran back under the top
cross brace of the chair, over the arms as well, and the ends knotted together.
The tension was not extreme, but tight enough to dig into Angelina's ample
mounds a good inch or so.

She'd been wondering why her binder hadn't as yet paid any attention to
her figure's best features. She wondered no longer.

The chair was then lifted off the floor from behind and made to stand and
teeter on its front legs.

"Think you can maintain your balance all by yourself,"
challenged 'Q.'

Angelina immediately answered, "HELL no."

"Then let's make sure you remain in this position."

The skyhook was then reattached to the inner tube strip, knot junction
before the winch was activated to pull out all the slack. That's when something
very unexpected happened, taking Angelina well beyond any ideas she might have
had as to what was going to happen after she checked the box on The Studio form
that gave us the right to inflict the highest, no limit level of
damsel-in-distress difficulty we had to offer.

Slowly but surely, the rigger lowered the chair forward, which took all
the slack out of the skyhook line, thereby severely tightening the inner tube
strip around and over Angelina's breasts and nipples. While the pressure was not
determined by the full and combined weight of her body and the chair, given how
much of that weight the front legs sustained, it was, nonetheless, enough to
send Cox into a tailspin of unimaginable, half-hearted concern and regret.

"Damn!" yelled the 26-year-old damsel before hearing the door
being slammed and locked.

She'd finally gotten herself into a fix worthy to compete with her
wildest fantasy.

"Holy Fucking SHIT!" appreciated Angelina as the first multiple
of her first Studio experience took over and she struggled wildly, 'suffering'
every last turn of rope, inner tubing and dilemma to heighten the moment as only
knowing there was no way out can do to subs of her extreme persuasion.

She immediately noticed that, thanks to upper brace bar on the back of
the chair, the rubber strip would remain as it was around her breasts no matter
what position she managed to navigate, forward or backward.

'Diabolical,' appreciated Angelina while swaying to and fro in the
too-tight fix and climaxing continuously in her love/hate relationship with the
multi-leveled genius of the rope work. 'I wonder why they didn't gag me.'

Though the session was being CD recorded, it was not being shown on the
monitors in my apartment, or anywhere else in The Studio network. However, we
could hear everything Angelina had to say about her pleasurable and increasingly
painful ordeal.

Stephanie and I listened while making out on my couch.

'Q' watched and listened alone from the control room.

The mystery rigger witnessed the show, 'live,' doing the best he could
not to make his 15-feet-away presence known.

Angelina's orgasmic feedback bristled with ecstatic agony, propelling her
into places she never knew existed within her sensual matrix. Almost everything
she ever wanted to have happen to her was now happening to her…almost.

"Unbe-fucking-LIEVABLE!.. Oh-my…Oh-my…OHOHOHOH!!!...This is
absolutely un-fucking REEEEAAAL!"

Seven Minutes Later

'Q's' timing was impeccable. "You have ten seconds to answer one
question."

Angelina's climactic exhaustion drew near. "AND IF I DON'T
ANSWER!!" she screamed between deeply violent inhalations of much needed
oxygen.

"Had enough?"

"ENOUGH?! ENOUGH?! OHOHOHOH!... What kind of a FUCKING question is
THAT!!"

"Seven seconds."

"YESSSSSSS!...NOOOOOOO!"

"You have four seconds to make up your mind."

"My MIND! …WHAT mind!….I don't … I… I don't KNOOOOOOWWW!"

It was time for 'Q' to inject a bit of technically correct humor into the
mix. "Is that your final answer."

Angelina suddenly felt her mouth being filled with what seemed like a
thick skinned balloon, which was immediately inflated, pressing harshly against
every square inch.

"NAHAHAHAHAH!!!"

Another winch hook was lowered and secured to a ring in the center of the
bottom cross brace in between the back legs of the chair. The other winch was
then activated to lower Angelina's breasts to within a foot of the floor. The
balloon gag feeder tube was disconnected and the rear of the chair lifted off
the floor by the second winch.

"AHHH AHHH AHHHHHH!" ("OH MY GAHAHD!")

Every calorie of Angelina's remaining strength tore into her bondage.
Every finger stretched and danced in perfect, visual concert with the
multi-toned harmony of emotionally charged distress and satisfaction both
inwardly and outwardly imploding and pouring forth from out of the deepest
reaches of her sensual astonishment and overwhelmed gratification.

"I'd give my diamond earrings to see what's going on down
there," said Stephanie as we rolled off the couch and onto the floor.

I gave her reason to hope. "She'll have the only copy. Maybe you can
convince her to let you see it someday."

"Do I get a copy of what you did with me?"

"We haven't finished the edit yet."

She kissed me passionately… "I love you, John Roper."

"I'll bet you say that to all the guys who tie you up."

She smiled, stood up, and started to remove her blouse. "You're
right, all one of them."

I stood and unbuckled my belt. "I love you too, Stephanie
Danner."

Before leaving Angelina to her more-than-what-she-wished-for distress,
the rigger left a clue to his identity. "If you ever want to play with me
again, ask JR for LR."

It was the first time Angelina heard the sound of her binder's voice.

'Who's JR.?'

The next thing she heard was the sound of the door opening and closing.

'Q' decided to continue his train of thought. "Wanna change your
final answer?"

Again, Angelina Cox could not make up her mind, opting instead to abandon
herself to the whims erections of her newfound playmates. What she DID know,
however, was that there was no longer any need to rent her bones to riggers who
might or might not give her what she wanted in the way of redlining,
over-the-top, to-the-max, sadistically inconsiderate rope bondage.

Timelessness

The chair was lowered to the floor and a good two feet of slack taken out
of the suspension lines. Angelina's chin, chest and knees were the only parts of
her body that made contact with the floor.

"When you want out," optioned 'Q,' "just roll over onto
your side."

Angelina was trying to do just that seconds before the offer was made.
When she realized it wouldn't take too much effort, the masochistic, rope
bondage lover decided to linger a bit in her super-tightly restrained posture
while the post-orgasmic fallout of the most outrageously pleasurable bondage
orgasm of her life tapered off and into the hallowed realms of the deliciously
unforgettable.

The balloon gag pressure increased considerably; her knees began to
smart, and a whole new awareness of herself unfolded within the bondage damsel's
realm of possibility. In short, Angelina Cox had found her current niche in
life, and was not about to lose it until her satisfaction threshold had been
thoroughly satiated.

'I wonder what happens when the rules are broken around here.'

And Stephanie thought, as she felt the tight embrace of thin line around
her crossed wrists behind her back, 'I wonder what happened to Lin.'

To be continued…

John Roper

02.08.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
