---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/garden_shed_adventure.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Garden Shed Adventure
authors:
- Inferno of the Soul
tags:
- Sbf
- outdoors
- cons
- X
date: 2005-07-15 00:00:00
---

Garden Shed Adventure by Inferno of the Soul

Sarah’s’ life had finally had gone her way. 
She landed a great job at a major company and finally been able to move
out of her parents home.  She had just finished unpacking all of her
of things and was considering living out one of her fantasies.  She
had been into bondage for about 3 years but couldn’t really do anything
too risky and now she could play and add the thrill of being seen in bondage.

It was something that she had always wanted to
try and now that she had the chance she was going to do what she wanted
to do.  She stood up striping off her clothing.  As soon as she
entered her room she was as bare as the day she was born.  As she
walked over to her closet she thought about her plan to make sure she didn’t
see a weak point in it.  She would tie herself up and use electric
controlled padlocks to hold her in bondage with the remote that would open
the lock was outside in a small garden shed in her back yard.  All
she would have to do was wait until the sun fell and night gave her some
cover then make her way outside and push the button.

“I can’t believe that I am finally able to do
this.” She thought to herself as she her nerves began to grow.

She pulled a suit case out of her closet and placed
it in the middle of her bed.  She opened up the suit case and the
room filled with the smell of leather and rubber.  Sifting through
all of her things she found the items she would need.  Placing a pair
of wrist cuffs, a pair of ankle cuffs, a black ball gag, black leather
collar, a black leather chastity belt, a small butt plug, a vibrator, a
pair of Japanese clover clamps, and two 6 in chain.  Only a couple
more things and she would be ready.

“Now were did they go?” She said aloud looking
for a pair of 6 in knee high boots.  “Ha there they are.” She called
out snatching them out form behind a pile of clothes.   Tossing
them over next to her bed she went to her dresser to get the last couple
items.  It didn’t take long for her to pull out a corset, 7 padlocks,
and a tube of lube.

Turning a full length mirror towards were she
would “get dressed” so she could watch herself become helpless.  She
looked at herself in the mirror while running her hand down herself. 
She was 5’8” with a nice tan.  She didn’t have large breasts, but
they were a large B cup.  The first thing she did was wrap her leather
corset around her waist.  She gathered the laces and placed them into
a small box that quickly began tightening them.  She grabbed the bed
post as she felt the corset tighten from just below her breast to just
above her hips.  A small beep was heard just as the corset stopped
getting tighter.  Sarah reached behind her and removed the box leaving
the laces neatly tied into a single bow.

“I really hate putting this damn thing on but
it feels so good.” She thought as she sat on the bed.

Picking her foot up she slid it into one of the
boots and placing her heel on the bed she was able to pull the zipper of
the inside of the boot.  She strapped an ankle cuff on her around
her ankle and locking it on she repeated this process with her other leg. 
Finally she locked 1 of the 6 in chains to the D rings on her ankle cuffs. 
Standing up unbalanced at first on her booted feet she strapped the chastity
belt around her waist. Lubing up her anal plug and pushed it home. 
After placing a little lube on her vibrator she slid it easily into herself. 
Pulling the crouch strap as tight as she could and buckled it on the back
of the belt.

Now was time for her collar.  Picking up
the collar she locked the 6 in chain to the small D ring on the back of
the collar.  She then buckled the collar around her neck and gave
a small shiver as the cold chain touched the bare part of her back. 
She then picked up one of her wrist cuffs and locked it onto her right
wrist and then repeated this with her left wrist.  There were only
three more things to before she would be done.  Picking up her gag
she opened her mouth wide to accommodate the rubber ball.  Pushing
the ball behind her teeth she then pulled the straps around her head pulling
the strap tight as she could stand causing the ball to be pulled a little
deeper into her mouth she then managed to buckle the strap.

She then began to play with her nipples until
they were ready.  Picking up the clamps she ran one of the clamps
trough the D ring in front of the collar.  She then attached the clamps
to her nipples.  The chain on the clamps was too short so her nipples
were pulled slightly upwards putting constant pull on her nipples. 
She bit hard on the gag as she attached the clamps to her nipples. 
She picked up the small remote for her vibrator off her bed and turned
on to a random setting she then tossed the remote on top shelf of her book
case so she couldn’t reach it once her final step was taken.  Now
it was time for the moment of truth she was about to pass the point of
no return.  Picking up the last lock she placed her arms behind her
back and ran the lock trough the D rings on the cuffs and the bottom link
of the chain and then closed it.

As the click of the lock caching echoed in the
silent room Sarah knew it would be a long time before she would be free
from her bondage.  Now her freedom was in control of Mother Nature. 
She would have to wait for the sun to fall before she could venture out
side to retrieve the remote that would unlock the padlocks that stole her
freedom from her and that was at least another 1hour and an half so about
2 hours before total darkness.  Sarah fell back on to her bed as her
vibrator turned on to its highest setting.  She moaned into the gag
and twisting her body so she could pull on her nipples.  She let out
a frustrated cry as the vibrator shut off.  This is what she loved
about bondage it was able to drive her to the edge and not let her cum.

She has had partners before, but they never were
able to tease her very well.  They would tie her up and play with
her body then fuck her never making her go crazy with pleasure only filling
there needs before hers.  Frustrated and horny Sarah pulled herself
to her feet groaning in pain as standing caused her to pull on her nipples. 
As she walked she felt the plug in her pussy and ass move in and out of
her slow fucking her driving her nuts.  As she walked into the living
room the phone went off just as she passed by it and her vibrator went
off at the same time scaring her and causing her to moan at the same time.

“Damn all I needed was a couple more seconds.” 
She taught to herself as the vibrator turned off.  That’s how her
day went walking slowly around her house stopping when her vibrator switched
on and cursing into her gag.  “Finally” she thought to herself looking
out the back door seeing only darkness.  She turned her back to the
door so she could open it.  She quickly stepped outside and closed
the door behind her and began her journey to the small shed at the other
end of the yard.  She had to move as fast as she could because with
the high fence she could tell if her neighbors were outside or not.

When had made it about half way to the shed a
football land right in front of her feet.  “Shit” she taught as she
heard her neighbors’ voices.  “Just go get it.  I don’t think
she will mind if you just hop over the fence get it then hop back over.”
One of them spoke as another answered.  “Ok I get the damn ball keep
your shirt on.”

“Damn it I mind.”  Sarah said as see saw
one of there hands grab the top of the fence.  Sarah quickly got behind
a statue shielding her from view.  “I think I am going to keep this
statue now.”  She thought as she was hiding behind a statue she was
planning to have removed from her yard and now thankful she hadn’t yet.

“Heads up” She heard the man yell followed shortly
by the sounds of wood being hit.  She waited a good while before looking
around the statue to see if the coast was clear.  She didn’t see anyone
so she made her way towards the shed again.  The remote was sitting
right were she had placed it on the small window seal just inside the door. 
She pushed the unlock button and removed the lock and pulled her hands
slow in front of her and releasing her nipples from the clamps.  Biting
hard into the gag from the pain as the blood rushed into her nipples. 
After rubbing some of the pain out of her nipples she removed the chain
from between her ankles.  She then quickly made her way back into
her house.  Almost running into her bed room she made her way for
the bookshelf with the vibrators remote on it.  Grabbing it she turned
it on high and fell back on to her bed moaning loudly into the ball gag
that she still wore.  It didn’t take long for her to climax. 
She lost all control of her body as her moans filled the room.  She
turned off the vibrator as her last climax began to subside.  She
then slowly slipped off to sleep with a smile on her gagged mouth.
