---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesek/fitting.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Fitting
authors:
- The Old Man
tags:
- Sbm
- bed
- rope
- locks
- stuck
- cons
- X
date: 2003-05-29 00:00:00
---

Everyone into self-restraint knows how much time is spent tying and
untying, until you get it right. The disappointment of being able
to escape too soon. I had an idea for a spread eagle that I wanted
to try. So one night I decided to fit it together. My bed is
one of those steel frames without a footboard. The legs under the
foot of the bed are just about right to spread eagle my legs. Around
the bed was run a line at about the place where my feet should go.
To the ends of this line and on top of the bed, short (five feet) to both
ends of a half-inch line is tied (with a sheet bend) to the line on each
side of the bed. The half inch line has a Cat’s-Paw knot in each
bight to go around the ankles. With these around the ankles the feet were
almost be able to touch. From the center of the line under the bed,
another line runs under the bed to a Rope Ratchet on the headboard of the
bed. If I pulled this line through the Rope Ratchet it would spread
my legs.
I tied a bowline in a bight into a closed loop of half-inch line. When
I tightened it the end only came to my fingers. There was a similar
loop for my left hand held to the bedpost with an ice lock. I had not put
ice in the ice lock; instead put in a cork from a wine bottle. I was ignoring
a rule I had about always using an ice lock as a safety release.
I was just checking for size. With my left hand fastened to the left
post, I locked my right hand to the right post with a combination lock.
I was now a prisoner. The lock was well lighted, so I could unlock
it at any time.

As I lay there, enjoying the restraint and, thinking that this would
be ok for an hour or two. Some of my joints would complain about
it. Like my wife told me “You’re not supposed to be real comfortable”I heard some thunder, but it sounded far away so I ignored it.

A little later, while I was still playing around, there was another
rumble of thunder. It was time for me to get loose. The power
company seldom had a power failure, but there was no use taking any chances.
I started to unlock the lock. Of the four different combination locks
I didn’t know which one I had picked. I worked the first one and
it didn’t let me loose. It started to rain and the thunder got closer.
After working all the combinations I was still tied up. I must have
misdialed one, so I started over. About that time there was a close
lightning bolt, and the lights went out.

Well, I always wanted a way to be tied up for a random amount of time.
But, I wish I had put ice in the ice lock. But the power seldom stays
off very long. After a short time the lights came back on, and I
started to work the combination again. I had worked the first two
numbers when the power went off again. The flashes of lightning were
pretty bright so I tried to work the last number by the flashes.
I got it worked, but it was the wrong lock.

It started to rain really hard, and the wind shook the house.
The lights came on again. Suddenly there was a freight train sound
like a tornado. There was a loud bang, and the lights went off again.
That was a transformer blowing out, the lights won’t come on again until
they replace that.

I decide to give up and call 911. I got a hold of my cordless
phone; but there was no dial tone. The cordless phone won’t work
without power. There is a remote for the garage door reachable,
but it wouldn’t work either. I had told my neighbors if they ever
saw my garage door open and I was not around they should investigate.
Now I was scared. It would do no good to panic, I told myself.

The rain was still coming down in sheets, but the wind had died down.
How much time had passed I didn’t have any idea. It was obvious that
I wasn’t going to get free until daylight. My shoulders hurt, and my hands
would go to sleep unless I held my arms so there was no tension on the
cords. My right knee hurt, and also my left hip. I would
shift around and try to move those joints enough to get a little relief,
but it didn’t help much. This would be a lot more fun if there was
some stimulation.

It finally got light enough to work the combination and get free.
My right arm had been in that position for so long it was slow to bringing
it around to release the left arm.
I was only tied up about six hours. If I had used the one inch
and a quarter ice lock it would have let me loose in about four hours.
Had I started, with no ice lock, at sunset it would have taken maybe twelve
hours.

I’ll have to try that.
Soon.
