---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Capri 3: Beverly’s Designs'
authors:
- Rawl
tags:
- Sbf
- F/f
- bond
- gag
- latex
- bdsm
- toys
- cons
- X
date: 2002-09-22 00:00:00
---

**Capri 3: Beverly's Designs**

Beverly had studied the Internet sites on Self-bondage, paying
particular attention to the techniques that people offered. Since
finding out her best friend was into self-bondage and latex clothing the
tiny brunette had soaked up information. The idea of being tied up
intrigued her and she had spent that weekend with Capri learning all about
different ways of securing herself. The tiny woman had nearly depleted her savings account since then buying
latex clothing. Her favorites were catsuits and body stockings.
She had also found some exotic vibrators and dildos to add to her growing
collection of toys. The tiny woman stopped short of buying the expensive
boots she so craved though. She wanted more latex first.

She found a picture of a girl bound with her hands in a prayer position
behind her back, the fingertips brushing the back of her neck. Beverly
tried to reach up behind her. She could feel the strain it would
put on her but she really wanted to feel that. She wanted more than
that she wanted to feel crushed as well. The tiny woman rolled herself
away from the computer and tried to imagine a device that could do that
for her. She knew that it would require Capri’s help but knew also
that would not be a challenge.

Over the next week she designed the type of garment she wanted.
She kept this to herself not telling even Capri. When she had the
plans done she contacted a business that built bondage clothing from leather
and latex. They agreed to see her design and suggested she bring
it to them in person. Beverly booked a long weekend off and drove
two hundred miles to the manufacturers' plant. With the help of the resident
designer they fine tuned her creation and agreed on a suitable price.
They also struck a bargain on royalties if the design worked out.

Beverly was nervous when she returned from her trip and Capri
badgered her about the mystery. The blonde woman put it off to feeling
a little lonely and hoped they could spend another weekend together soon.
That seemed to mollify her large breasted friend. They arranged to
get together that weekend. During the following week the manufacturer
phoned to say the product was ready and did she want to come down for a
fitting. Beverly made the excuse she could not get away again so soon and
would they please courier it to her. It took some convincing because
to makers wanted to see if her design really worked. She assured
them she would model it for them and have some pictures taken to prove
the fit.

The young woman was beside herself for the remainder of the week.
By Friday when the package finally arrived she could barely contain herself.
She ripped open the paper wrapping noticing how heavy the garment was.
She had had the builder make it out of thick leather and line it with latex
(her two favorite materials).

The basic design was a long vest that covered her from the neck
to mid-thigh and laced down the entire length. She had ordered that
it be lockable and to that end the builder had sewn in two flaps that over
lapped each other over the laces. These flaps had hasp like buckles
that padlocks could be fit through. On the back of the vest was a
laceable sleeve running from the neck down about eight inches. There
were also, a number of other flaps that would become apparent once she
donned the restrictive device. She knew that once she was laced into
this there would be no freedom until released. Not wanting to spoil the
surprise for her or Capri the tiny brunette folded the heavy garment back
up and packed it in her suitcase for later that night.

As she drove out to her friend’s house she wondered what it would
feel like. Could she handle the strain? For how long?
Would Capri force her to stay in it? Many of these things ran through
her mind as she dodged traffic toward her weekend retreat. Beverly
knew that she would find Capri bound in some fashion and that too bubbled
through her mind.Beverly wheeled her car through the open gates to Capri’s estate.
Pulling up beside the house she killed the engine and quickly exited the
auto, she grabbed her suitcase carrying all of her fetish clothing and
little else. The case was heavy and the small woman struggled up
the steps with it. Anxious to get started, chafing at the time it
seemed to take Bev opened the back door of the house. As expected
Capri was nowhere to be found.

The brunette searched the house and finally discovered her friend
in the weight room. Beverly took in the sight Capri had dressed in
an electric blue latex catsuit, knee high ballet boots and black elbow
length leather gloves. The only thing not covered by latex or leather
were her eyes, which was half hidden under a thick black neck corset half
mask made of rubber. Her friends piercing blue eyes glittered with
excitement and she gave a frantic grunt into her gag.

“Fixed yourself good did you?” Bev laughed. “Well you’ll
just have to wait until I have showered and changed.”

Capri whined
behind the mask and tried to thrash around. She couldn’t move though
and the attempt send shock waves through her.

“You can always use
your fail safe!” the little woman teased. She knew Capri would not
use her back up now that she was there, it would cost too much.

Capri had a string tied to her wrist, which was connected to a key.
The devious thing about that was that the key is pulled from its resting-place
would set off a cascade of events. These events would eventually
destroy Capri’s hard-drive in her computer. It was set up in such
a way as to also erase any back up files on her other computer at head
office. This was not an option for the strained blonde unless her
life was in mortal danger. Bev wiggled her fingers at her friend
and turned back to the guest bathroom.

The tall blonde had bound herself in an extreme hog-tie.
Over her blue latex suit she had fitted a tight thick leather body harness.
The straps wound around her waist, shoulders upper body above and below
her ample tits. It also wrapped itself around her hips and through
her legs to be secured in front with a padlock. Under this; cinching
her waist was a wide heavy bondage belt that had heavy steel rings imbedded
in it at strategic places.

She had strapped her thighs, knees and ankles together with wide
leather belts. Then Capri filled the inflatable gag, under the half
mask; to capacity. The mask was molded into the top of the neck corset,
and eliminated most head movement. Around her wrists and elbows she
had leather cuffs these had been drawn together with 3/8” cotton rope.
Her booted feet had been drawn up toward her shoulder straps by similar
rope run through a cinch. This allowed her to tighten it and not
have to keep pressure on. The cinch acted as it was built to clamping
down on the rope holding it tight.

Capri had threaded the rope between her ankles up to the cinch
and with brute arm strength pulled on it until she had arched herself
into a tight bow. Then working quickly she had fed another rope through
another cinch attached to her elbows. She connected this to a hook
hanging above her. The hook was attached to a weight that was being
held up on a cable. The cable was connected to a winch that could
free wheel and it was set to drop with in a half-hour after Capri began
her internment. After connecting her elbow cinch the tall blonde
shackled her wrist to a chain imbedded in the table she had chosen for
her bondage scene. Now all she could do was wait for the weight to
fall.

When it did the cinch dragged her elbows together behind her back.
She was truly stuck. Her only way out was the key set to destroy
all of her work or her best friend. The only thing Capri had not
figured into her scene was Beverly not releasing her immediately upon arriving.
Every time Capri had tried to move the weight of the elbow cinch gained
more ground and soon the busty blonde’s elbows were touching. She
knew it would be extremely hard to release herself because of her limited
finger movement should she need the key.

Beverly took her time, giggling to herself at her friends’ predicament.
After she removed all of her unwanted body hair and toweling dry, the brunette
set about garbing herself in tight shiny black latex. First she lubed
the medium sized butt plug and eased it in place. Then she eased
a large liquid filled dildo into her already moist pussy. Next came
tight panties, followed by a pair of latex pantyhose and a turtle neck
body stocking. To finish the ensemble she added knee high, high-heeled
black boots. They were not as high as she wanted but she had not
had any real time to properly go shopping. She left her head and
face free because she wanted to try the device Capri was currently wearing.

Satisfied with her attire she strutted back into the weight room.
There she found a very frustrated and sweaty blonde mruphing into her gag.
“Alright sweet cheek. How do we go about letting you out?”

Capri’s eyes darted to the table near her where a set of keys lay.

“I see you have your fail safe set up! How much longer do you think
you can go before you have to use it?” Mischievous light danced in
her dark eyes, “I’m betting you would stay like that all night before you
pulled that string.” Beverly paused; “wanna find out?”

Capri mruphed excitedly into the gag and tried again to move.
That only created a more strangled cry and she stilled. Tears welled
in her blue eyes. The tiny brunette clicked her way over to her bound
friend and wiped the tears away.

“You are going to owe me!” she said
matter of factly. “Do you agree?”

No response.

“Capri,
you will agree to be my slave for one full weekend. Not this weekend;
some time in the future. You will agree that anything and everything
I tell you to do will be done. You will also agree that I am your
OWNER for that weekend. If we go out you will wear a sign stating
your devotion to your owner. AND you will say nothing to anyone how
I gained control over you.”

Again the tiny woman paused.

“Do
you agree?”

Capri’s eyes flashed fire but she made no response. “OK”
said the tiny woman “I can wait.”

With that Beverly found a chair
and began rubbing herself pushing and jostling her two intruders, the entire
time watching her blonde slave to be. Bev’s hips started rocking
as she fucked herself. Half an hour later the brunette satisfied
and glowing repeated her demands. By now the blonde had tears freely
running down her face and acquiescent to the rules of her release.
Beverly quickly found the right key and release her captive’s wrists.
Then lifting the weight onto the table released the cinch to her elbows.
It took a few minutes to free the hapless blonde and eventually she was
free.

As the blonde rubbed circulation back into her limbs she quietly
spoke. “You are going to pay for that you little witch!”

“Capri I certainly hope so.” And both broke down in a fit of
giggles.

When they regained their composure, with Beverly’s help they worked
their way into the living room. Even for all her aches Capri was
not ready to take off the torturous boots. She did however remove
the tight body harness and waist cincher. With her hands free she
and settled on the sofa she started rubbing herself. She needed release
from her sexual frustration. Bev watched as her friend climbed toward the
needed climax. Once Capri had satisfied her need the brunette poured them
each a glass of white wine. They sat, sipped, and explored their
weekend’s events.

After some minor chitchat Bev could wait no longer
and blurted out “Capri I have something that I had made for me. It
cost me an arm and a leg but I think it will be worth it. I have
been on pins and needles since I ordered it. You know that long weekend
I took off?” Capri nodded mesmerized by her friends’ tirade. “Well it was so I could take the design down to a company that makes bondage
equipment. I really, really want to try it on to see how it fits.
I have it with me but haven’t tried it on yet. I need your assistance
to do it up.”

Beverly took a breath and Capri cut in, “Well silly what are you
waiting for go get it!” That was all the tiny woman needed and she
bolted from the room; returning a moment later with the heavy black garment
in her arms. “That looks very complicated and heavy!”

“It is heavy but not all that complicated. I saw a picture
of a woman on the Internet with her arms bound behind her. Her hands
were near her neck it looked like she was praying backwards.” The
little brunette took a breath. Capri silently waited for the rest
of the story. “I got this idea of making something that could do
the same job without the trauma that rope can cause. So I designed
this suit. I had it built and when it was ready they shipped it to
me. Oh I almost forgot. I have to take pictures to show them.
I made a deal with them that if it works they can start producing them
for other people and they will pay me a commission for each one sold.
So can we take pictures as we go along?”

Capri started laughing and threw her arms wide “Oh course Dear
sweet friend Of course!” with that she tall woman stilted over to her bank
of electronics and flipped a number of switched. “These will take
a DVD of our proceedings. I will be able to take some stills from
them that will show your manufacturer how it went.”

Bev dove into her arms with a squeal of delight “Can I try it
on now?”

“Are you sure you want me to put this on you?” Capri asked raising
one eyebrow. “After how you treated me just a short time ago!”

Beverly smiled shyly and said “Of course. Who else could
I trust?”

“Alright let me see how this thing works.”

The two girls spread the garment out on the floor and Bev explained
how each piece was supposed to work. After the brief definition they
set about binding they smaller woman. First Capri demanded that Bev
wear the stiff leather bondage mittens, then helped lace the garment tight
around Bev’s small body. There was also a wide strap connecting through
the legs forcing her toys deeper inside her. The garment had been
designed to allow Bev’s perky tits to be forced through small holes in
the front of the vest. To these holes were attached one cap for each
breast. These were on short rubber straps.

In the center of each cap were drilled two holes no larger than a pencil
eraser. When the brunette pouted they were too small Capri soothed
her saying she could fix that after they had her firmly bound. A
shiver of excitement and dread ran down the tiny woman’s back at those
words. Once the vest was tightly laced from neck to knee Beverly
bent her arms around and up behind her. With some help from Capri
they fitted her arms into the short sleeve waiting there. The blonde
laced the arm binder tight pulling her elbows close together. Now
two flaps from either side were tightened over her upper arms securing
them even closer together. All that could be seen of her arms now
were her shoulders and the tips of the bondage gloves. This in turn forced
her latex covered breasts further through the openings in the front.

There was a ridge of eyelets up the side and onto the shoulders
to this Capri laced another flap that folded up over the elbows and covered
everything except the rings to the bondage mitts. Over the laces
buckles could be locked and Capri did just that. Beverly’s upper
body was now completely helpless. “Can I try that neck thing you had on
earlier?” she asked hopefully.

“OK give me a moment to clean it.” Capri agreed. She quickly
cleaned the stiff rubber gag. “Chin up!’ she said as she fitted it
around her friend neck. “This might be too long for your neck.
I can tighten it enough to fit but it might be uncomfortable. Do
you still want to try it.”

Bev just nodded her eyes bright.
Capri fitted the gag into place, tightened the straps this forced her chin
higher and pumped the gag to capacity. A grunt told the tall blonde
it was full enough.

“Now to see about these caps.” she told her gagged friend. With that
she disappeared into her room and returned moments later with a ball of
thin string. Beverly’s eyes widened as she realized what Capri intended.
She turned to run knowing it was useless but even in her ballet boots her
captor was too fast and too strong. Capri circled the tiny woman’s
waist with one arm and swept her into the air, then bracing herself against
the wall with the other arm stilted in to the weight room.

Bev kicked and screamed into the gag as the blonde amazon carried her
prey into the weight room. There she attached a hook to the rings
in the fingertips of the mitts and hauled up on it until the tiny woman
stood on her toes. “You don’t get away that easily” She commented
tying the rope to the hook off to a hook on the wall. She then pulled
a length of string off the roll and cut it off. With practiced ease
she flicked and pinched her victim’s nipples until they pushed out against
the latex covering them.

Looping the string she wound it around the right nipple at its base.
She made a number of wraps below the nipple then started out toward the
end, making sure to wrap it tight. Bev screamed into the gag with
each wrap. Satisfied she had enough of the nipple compacted Capri
picked up the cups and fed the long end of the string through the tiny
opening. She fitted the bra against the crushed nipple and began
pulling the string through. The string in turn pushed the bra down
over the nipple. When she was done Bev’s pert nipple stood outside
the bra cup pinched at the base unable to retract through the opening.
She performed the same task on the other nipple.

Capri stood back to admire her handy work before she attached
the strap of each bra to their opposite hook in the vest. The rubber
straps squashed the tiny woman’s breasts underneath them. This too
kept the nipples from retracting to comfort. “Now how do you like
your new toy?”

Bev’s eyes were wild; she could do nothing but stand on her toes and
grunt. Even through the pain in her tortured breasts she managed
an affirmative grunt. “Good. I have something else for you.
I bought it after we decided to play this weekend. And I think Now
is the perfect time for them.” With that she ungracefully left the
room to return a few minutes later with a pair of ankle ballet boots.
The bound woman eyes lit up, ever since seeing Capri’s boots she had wanted
a pair but they were frightfully expensive.

Capri lowered herself to the floor at Beverly’s feet. First she
unzipped each boot and pulled them off. This along with the
jostling around left the helpless brunette swinging by her fingertips.
In turn this put more stress on her arms which added to the pain in her
breasts. The big blonde pulled on the first boot and began pulling
the laces tight. The boots were designed to be laced tight putting
further pressure on the feet. At the top of each boot was a wide
strap that could be locked on.

Satisfied at her victim’s discomfort Capri stood and surveyed the sight.
There stood her best friend wrapped tightly in a leather sleeve of her
own design and standing on booted toes. “You look gorgeous!” she
breathed. “You absolutely look gorgeous. I must show you!”
With that the tall blonde tip toed to the corner of the room and flipped
a switch on the 42” plasma screen on the wall.

Bev looked at the bizarre sight before her. This was she; it was
hard to believe the creature looking back at her was actually her.
Capri broke her reverie “Oh you know what sweetie? We did not agree
on how long you were to stay like that.” A wicked grin crossed the
amazon’s face. “I think you will have to get yourself out!
How does that sound.”

The tiny woman screamed into the gag and tried to shake her head.
She mruphed and squeaked trying to make her friend understand that she
could not possibly get out of this herself. Capri began to laugh.
A dirty evil laugh. “You will pay for making me suffer when you first
showed up you brat.”

Will Bev get free? Does Capri relent? Stay tuned for the
answers to these and other tying questions.
Same Bound channels. Same Bound stations.
