---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/treed.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Treed
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- sbf
- gor
- fantasy
- bondage
- cons
- X
date: 2002-07-23 00:00:00
---

\*
Treed
by
Zack
Copyright©
2002.   All rights reserved.

It was mid-May in northern
Arizona, and final exams were over at last. Jenny knew that she had done
well; studying is easy when you don't have a social life. She entered the
Student Union and looked around until she spotted her best friend Toni
waving to attract her attention.

Toni rejoiced, "Free at last!
What have you got planned for the summer, Jen?"

"Nothing much now. I had
hoped to work with Professor Slovak on his biodegradable plastic project,
but the grant didn't go through. I promised my father that I'd visit him
in Chicago, but I'm going to put that off as long as possible. How about
you?"

"I'm going to be here in
Flagstaff all summer; I've got to get a job somewhere. You're lucky that
your father pays all of your expenses."

"Yeah, he's at least good
for that." She muttered bitterly, "More than my mother's good for."

Toni felt sad for her friend,
whom she had known since elementary school. Jenny's parents had divorced
when she was young, and Toni knew Jenny's neurotic mother had belittled
her for most of her life.

Toni said brightly, "I meet
this great guy in my psych class. He's not really my type, but he was interested
when I told him about you, and you might like him."

"You mean he hasn't heard
about Jenny The Stick? I thought that it was all over the campus by now."
Jenny brushed back her short black hair with both hands, a mannerism that
let Toni know she was upset.

"Oh, Jen, you shouldn't let
that bother you. Bill is an asshole, and what he said was garbage. I never
should have introduced you to him." Toni really blamed herself; she had
known what Bill was like.

"He certainly is an asshole,
but what he said was all too true. I've got a mirror; I know I'm shaped
like a yardstick."

"That's not true! You've
got a great shape; you're just slim! You could be a fashion model. They
don't have big boobs."

"I could be a model if I
was four inches taller, and if I had a face. I have no real way of telling
if Bill was right when he said I also had all the personality of a stick."

"There's nothing wrong with
your face. You just don't do anything with it. You've got a good bone structure,
and if you used any makeup at all you'd be very attractive. And why don't
you do something with your hair? You know, I could do a makeover..."

"You could give me a Barbydoll
transplant and I'd still have the personality of a fence post. Whenever
I try to talk to a man nothing comes out except an occasional monosyllable."
Jenny looked closely at her friend, then sighed. 'Toni makes it sound so
easy', she thought, 'and for her it is easy; she has long blonde hair,
a voluptuous figure, and a gorgeous face. She could croak like a frog and
men wouldn't notice.'

Toni offered her Psychology
101 expertise: "You're just shy, and you can overcome your shyness if you
try. My brother Steve was like that, but he worked at it and now he's almost
normal."

"I never noticed that Steve
was shy. Of course, I don't see him very often." Steve attended Arizona
State in Tempe, so he wasn't around during most of the year.

Toni laughed. "Steve was
very shy. Why do you think he majored in Engineering? Say! Maybe you two
should get together. He's studying Material Science and you're in Environmental
Chemistry, so you have a lot in common."

"Thanks, but no thanks. It
might strain our friendship when he rejected me." Jenny did like Steve,
but her friendship with Toni was more important. It had taken a hit over
the Bill incident, and Jenny didn't want to risk a situation where Toni
had to choose between her and Steve.

\* \* \*

Jenny rarely had a date,
but she did have a sex life. It was strictly do-it-yourself, with self-bondage
being the usual source of stimulation. Now she had an ambitious plan for
fulfilling a long-held fantasy, where she would be chained outside and
in isolation for several days. Jenny had read all of the works of John
Norman, and her current inspiration was based on the cover art of 'Captives
of Gor'.

The usual problem with long-term
self-bondage was devising a reliable escape mechanism, but Jenny had come
up with an idea that she was sure would work. Her latest college research
project had been to develop a plastic that was strong enough to be made
into bags, but that would also break down so it wouldn't clutter up the
environment. Now she had some strong plastic film that would turn into
a powder after a day's exposure to the sun. She had thought of a way to
use this material to dispense the key to her restraints.

Jenny got a piece of plywood,
about one foot by four feet, to use as a base. Across one of the short
ends she mounted a block of wood with the top cut at a 45 degree angle,
and to this she attached three thin wooden slats, four feet long by two
inches wide. She bent a slat until it was horizontal and put a key on top.
When she let go of the slat the key was catapulted over twenty feet.

Now she bent the slats and
held them down to the end of the plywood with strips of her special plastic
film, attached with tape. The first strip was exposed to the sun, but the
others were shaded by cardboard, with each piece of cardboard tied to the
preceding slat. As each slat was released the next plastic strip was exposed.
She tested this several times over the next weeks and found that it worked
perfectly. It took between thirteen and fifteen hours of sunshine to release
a slat, so it would be three days and two nights before the key was available.

Jenny drove south and east
of Flagstaff, into the juniper forest. This area didn't attract many people,
so she could be fairly sure that no one would see her if she stayed away
from the roads. She scouted around until she found a big old alligator
juniper tree. The tree trunk was thick, and the canopy of branches shaded
a large area. She used her hand-held GPS unit to mark the spot, and early
the next day she returned to prepare the site.

She wanted to be sure that
there would be no way for her to drag the catapult into her reach before
the three days were up. She wrapped a heavy chain around the tree trunk
and bolted it in place. She held the free end of the chain to her neck
and stretched out on the ground and marked as far as her foot would reach.
Then she used some string to draw a circle with that radius all the way
around the tree.

Inside the circle she carefully
raked up all of the dead branches and cleared away the bushes. When she
had finished with her groundskeeping there was nothing but bare dirt, with
even the rocks and large pebbles tossed outside the circle.

Jenny pruned all the low-hanging
dead juniper branches, and to keep herself from climbing the tree she stapled
the chain to the trunk; it would need a crowbar to pry it loose when all
of this was over. The length of chain between her neck and the tree would
be long enough to let her stand up, with a couple of feet extra.

Jenny set up her catapult
well outside the cleared area and tested it. She had decided that all she
would eat would be granola bars, so she put one on the end of a catapult
slat and released it. She did this several times with the different slats,
and was pleased to find that each bar landed at almost the same place near
the tree. The catapult was almost ten feet from the cleared circle, so
it would definitely be inaccessible. She piled dirt and rocks on the plywood
base to hold it in place.

\* \* \*

Toni would be the safety
backup. On Sunday, the day before Jenny was going to start her adventure,
she phoned: "Hi, Toni. Say, are you going to be around Flag next week?"

"Sure, I'm not going anyplace.
Did you have something in mind?"

"Not really. I'm doing a
research project until Thursday, and I'll call you then."

"OK. I can still arrange
for you to meet my friend from psych class."

"Maybe later. Bye."

Jenny prepared a letter,
with an explanation and a map showing where to find her. She included the
GPS coordinates. On the back of the envelope she wrote, Toni, please do
not open this letter before Thursday, June 7. BE SURE TO OPEN IT if I haven't
called you after then. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT!

Jenny thought, 'Why take
chances?', and prepared a duplicate letter. Then she went out to mail them,
in separate mail boxes.

Just after Jenny left her
apartment Toni got a call: "Hi Toni, this is Kim. My family has rented
a condo in San Diego for the next two weeks, and my sister can't go all
of a sudden. That means we have an empty bed. Would you like to come with
us?"

"Wow, yes! Thanks so much
for asking me. I'd love to go."

"OK, we'll pick you up early
tomorrow morning."

Toni called Jenny, but the
phone wasn't answered. She didn't bother to leave a message; it wasn't
that important.

\* \* \*

Early Monday morning Jenny
started her journey to Gor. She drove for over an hour on the highway and
then along a dirt road. Jenny parked her car off the road and got out.
The weather was cool and clear, as it usually was this time of year, and
no rain was forecast for a month. No one was in sight, and all she could
hear were a few birds.

Jenny had another prop for
her Gorean scenario. She had made a collar out of steel bar stock; it wasn't
elaborate, just two overlapping semicircles with the ends bolted together
to form a circlet around her neck. Jenny put it around her neck and used
two wrenches to tighten the bolts. (For once, she remembered to include
the collar's D-ring before she tightened everything down).

She took a deep breath and
paused to see if she had any second thoughts. Then she took off all of
her clothes except for her canvas shoes.

She put her clothes and the
wrenches in the car and got out two gallon jugs of water and a small paper
bag containing the rest of her supplies. The air was cool on her bare skin,
and she again considered taking a blanket. The daytime temperatures were
in the mid-eighties, but it would be in the fifties at night. She thought,
'Gorean slave girls aren't pampered!' and left the blanket in the car.

She locked the car and buried
her car keys next to the right rear tire. She could just see the top of
her tree, and she hiked towards it. When she got there she found everything
just as she had left it. She put the water jugs next to the tree. She had
estimated that she would need a quart a day, so there was plenty of reserve.

Next she prepared the catapult
by bending down each slat and holding it there with a strip of plastic
taped in place, and she covered the last two strips with their cardboard
sunshades. She put a granola bar on each of the first two slats. On the
third slat she placed another bar, but this one had the key to the padlock
taped to the wrapper. She had found that the weight of the granola bar
was needed to keep the impact point constant.

Jenny took off her shoes
and dropped them next to the catapult. She walked barefoot and naked to
the tree and picked up the end of the chain. She was breathing fast, and
her nipples were hard. She put the padlock through the last link of the
chain and the collar D-ring, clicked it shut, and fell to the ground. Her
hand went to her clit, and she exploded in an orgasm that seemed to last
forever.

Jenny slipped into an erotic
daze. She lost track of the number of orgasms. She continued until she
was sore, and when she finally stopped she was exhausted. She stretched
out in the shade of the tree and fell asleep.

About an hour before sunset
Jenny woke up. A few minutes later the catapult lobbed the first granola
bar, and she eagerly ate it. She was hungry, and now that it was too late
she realized she should have provided herself with more food; she certainly
didn't need to lose any weight. She drank some water and wondered if she
had enough surplus to allow her to wash, because she was covered with dirt,
especially around the crotch. She decided to spare a bit of water, but
she knew she'd be dirty again soon.

After the sun went down Jenny
really regretted not bringing the blanket. She curled into a ball and tried
to keep warm. It wasn't too bad at first, because the bare ground had absorbed
a lot of heat during the day, but it got colder as the night dragged on,
and by dawn Jenny was shivering violently. She wasn't able to sleep, and
she found that it was impossible to generate erotic heat when her body
was so cold.

Finally the sun appeared
and Jenny stretched out in the warm sunshine. It was uncomfortable lying
on the ground, but she was so tired that she quickly fell asleep. She napped
for an hour or so, until she was awakened by some doves roosting in the
tree over her head.

Jenny crawled away from the
tree until the chain fastened to her collar was taut. She cried, "I've
got to escape before those slavers return! Where am I? This isn't Earth!"

She knelt, grabbed the chain
with both hands, and pulled as hard as she could. It didn't move in the
slightest, and Jenny moaned, "It's no good; I'll never escape."

The reality of her captivity
aroused her, and she stroked herself to another orgasm. Once she came down
she had a brief interlude of common sense, and used it to move into the
shade before she started to climb another erotic peak. She spent the rest
of the day near the tree trunk. Jenny didn't have to imagine that she was
a captive; she knew she really was one, and the knowledge kept her aroused.

The second slat was released
in mid-afternoon, and Jenny lost no time in munching down the granola bar.
She was very hungry, and a single bar was not nearly enough.

She thought, 'This has been
really exciting, but three days may be too much of a good thing. I'll know
better next time.' She expected the third slat to release about noon the
next day, because its plastic strip was now exposed to today's sun, and
she was looking forward to her freedom.

The second night was just
as cold and unpleasant as the first one had been. About two hours before
dawn Jenny heard a noise in the brush just beyond the catapult. The moon
was almost full, and she could just see an animal of some sort. Then it
moved into the open, and she saw it was a coyote.

She stood and shouted, "Hey,
get away from here!"

She looked down for a rock,
but she had cleared them all away. When she looked up again the coyote
was starting to move away, and it had something in its mouth. Jenny was
afraid she knew what it was, and the knowledge stunned her like a punch
to the jaw. The coyote had stolen the remaining granola bar, and the padlock
key went with it!

When she had recovered from
the shock Jenny told herself, 'Keep calm. Maybe it didn't take the granola
bar; it's too dark to really tell. And even if it did have the granola
bar in its mouth the coyote may drop the key where I can reach it.'

Sunrise proved that Jenny's
faint hopes were in vain. The catapult slat was bare, and the wrapper was
nowhere in sight. Jenny reproached herself. 'Damn! How could I have been
so stupid? This is the desert. It's full of coyotes, and they'll eat anything.
I'm lucky it wasn't a sleen.'

Jenny was more annoyed than
afraid. She reasoned with herself, 'OK, don't panic. So I'll have to spend
another day and night here. I know how curious Toni is. If she doesn't
get a call from me tomorrow she'll open the envelope at once, and I'll
be free soon after.'

Jenny checked her water supply.
One jug was empty, but the other was nearly full. She had drunk more than
she had estimated, because all of her sexual exertions had made her sweat.
Now she regretted using water for washing, but that didn't bring it back.
She thought, 'Maybe I should pee into the empty jug, so I can recycle.'
She shuddered. 'No, things aren't that desperate. Toni will save me.'

But Toni didn't save her.
Jenny endured more warm days and cold nights in the open air. She was very
hungry now, and her stomach ached constantly. Fantasy wasn't that much
fun when reality intruded.

\* \* \*

Toni's brother Steve returned
to his family's home in Flagstaff Saturday night. It was late when he arrived,
so it wasn't until the next morning that he sorted through the mail that
had been piled on a small table near the front door. He found the two letters
from Jenny and read the message on the back of the envelopes.

Steve wondered if he should
open one of the letters. He respected Toni's privacy, but he knew she would
be gone for another week and this seemed important. He was particularly
impressed because there were duplicate letters; Jenny obviously wanted
to be sure Toni received one.

Steve had always liked Jenny,
and the possibility that she needed help made him decide to open a letter.
He was surprised by what he read:

Dear Toni,
If you're reading this I'm
in trouble and I need your help immediately. The enclosed map will show
you how to get to a big juniper tree, and you'll find me chained to its
trunk. Yes, I know what I did was dangerous, and yes, I know I'm a sex
pervert. I will contritely listen to your lecture as soon as you rescue
me.
Jenny of Gor

Steve hadn't yet unpacked
his truck, so his tools and camping gear were ready to go. He made sure
his water bottles were full and his GPS and cellphone were handy, and then
he was out the door and on the road.

\* \* \*

Jenny drank the last of her
water and pulled once again at the chain that held her captive. It didn't
move. Not that she expected it to; not when it was wrapped around a tree
trunk that was at least two feet in diameter.

She kept quiet and listened
intently, hoping to hear her friend Toni arriving to save her. She knew
that Toni would have some tart words when she saw the fix Jenny had gotten
herself into, but humiliation was the least of her worries now. She thought,
'Better humiliation than having somebody stumble across my mummified corpse.'

Jenny felt a brief surge
of hope when she heard a rustling in the bushes, but it died when the coyote
poked his head into the open and stared at her. She muttered, "Is that
mangy little beast laughing at me?" Jenny glared at the coyote. "With him
around they won't find my mummified corpse; they'll find my scattered bones."

Jenny was tired and very
hungry, but she was still in fairly good shape, except for a slight sunburn
on the parts of her body that were usually covered. She had followed the
standard desert survival advice: 'Ration your sweat, not your water' so
she wasn't dehydrated. She guiltily acknowledged to herself that she hadn't
really rationed her sweat; she still found her captivity arousing and indulged
herself with orgasms several times a day.

Now that the water was gone
her time was running out. She wondered why Toni hadn't arrived to save
her. Had both letters gone astray? Was Toni in jail? Both were very unlikely,
but she had expected Toni on Thursday, and now it was Sunday. Tendrils
of real fear were starting to wind their way into her mind.

\* \* \*

Steve had no trouble following
Jenny's map and he found her car right where he expected it to be. He didn't
know for sure that it was her car, but it was in the right place. He used
his GPS to determine the heading to Jenny's tree and hiked in that direction.

Jenny was sitting on the
shady side of the tree, leaning against the trunk with her eyes closed.
It was close to noon, and she reserved her strenuous activities for the
cooler part of the day. Steve had walked quietly through the brush and
he reached the edge of the cleared area without Jenny noticing him.

Steve had expected to find
Jenny chained to the tree, but he hadn't really expected her to be nude.
He studied every detail of her body. Her breasts were small, but her narrow
waist brought her shape into perfect proportion. Her arms and legs were
slender, but with well-defined muscles. She had a lot of black pubic hair.
At first glance she appeared to have a dark tan, but then Steve realized
she was coated with dust and dirt.

It was Jenny's face that
held Steve's attention the longest. He could see the strain she must be
experiencing outlined in the muscles around her eyes and mouth. It gave
her a look of helplessness and hopelessness that made him want to simultaneously
dominate her and protect her. She was a treasure worth fighting for.

Steve forced himself to speak.
"Hello, Jenny. Are you all right?"

Jenny opened her eyes and
sat up straight. "Steve! What are you doing here? Where's Toni?"

"Toni's in San Diego. I just
got back last night and I didn't find your letter until this morning. Are
you OK?"

"Yes, except that I'm very
hungry. My dreams have been about the carton of granola bars in my car.
I had planned to be here only three days, but a trickster coyote stole
my key."

"Do you have a spare key?"

"Yes, with my car keys. They're
buried next to the right rear wheel of my car."

Jenny remembered that she
was naked and chained to a tree. She blushed and covered herself with her
hands. "Oh, Steve! I suppose you're wondering why I'm doing this weird
stuff."

"No, I know exactly why you're
doing it. And Steve is just the name I use on Earth. Here on Gor I use
my true name."

Jenny was astonished. She
blurted out, "What is your true name?"

"You don't need to know,
slave girl, because you will address me as 'Master'. And why are you sitting?
Kneel! You know the proper position! Face the tree."

Jenny had imagined this situation
many times and had practiced Gorean kneeling often. She instantly turned
towards the tree and knelt with her knees spread and her hands on her thighs.
She straightened her back and bowed her head.

"Much better! Now I won't
have to whip you."

Steve reached over Jenny's
shoulder and cupped her breast. She gasped, and then moaned when he massaged
her rock-hard nipple.

Steve spoke in his normal
voice. "Before we go too far along this road we need a stop signal. If
you want a timeout say 'Gor sucks', and we'll pause and talk. Understand?"
Jenny nodded.

Steve returned to Gor. "Hold
that position until I return, slave girl." He pointed at a soaring red-tailed
hawk. "Look! There's a tarn on its way to Ar."

Steve jogged back to the
road. He found the keys to Jenny's car and unlocked it. He got the carton
of granola bars and picked up her clothes, but after a moment's thought
he put them down again and got the blanket instead. He got a daypack and
some other items out of his truck.

When Steve returned to the
tree he was gratified to see that Jenny hadn't moved. He commanded, "Stand
up, slave girl. Put your hands behind your back."

Jenny jumped to her feet
and put her hands behind her back. Steve crossed her wrists and she held
them in place while he wrapped them with eighth-inch nylon rope in vertical
and horizontal loops. Jenny moaned when he tightened the loops with a cinch.
Steve tied a strand of rope between her elbows. He didn't pull it tight;
he just wanted to make sure that slender Jenny couldn't move her tied hands
from the back to the front.

Steve spread the blanket
on the ground. "Kneel over here, slave girl."

Jenny rushed to comply, totally
lost in the fantasy. The chain now trailed from the back of her neck and
it put pressure on her throat. She didn't say anything, but Steve noticed
and moved the chain so it dangled in front. He unwrapped a granola bar,
broke off a piece, and held it up to Jenny's mouth. "You may eat."

Jenny took the food from
Steve's hand with her lips. When she had swallowed it she said, "Thank
you, Master."

Both were aroused now, but
Steve was able to feed Jenny the rest of the granola bar and another one
as well. He also had her drink some water. When she finished the second
bar he commanded, "Stand next to the tree, facing me."

While Jenny hurried to obey
Steve got a bottle of water and a sponge from his daypack. "You're filthy,
slave girl. Hold still while I clean you up." He sponged her face, and
then moved down her body, devoting most of his attention to her breasts
and crotch. "Much nicer. Now get on the blanket, on your back."

Steve took off all of his
clothes. Jenny was impressed by the size of his erection and realized that
this was the first time she had seen a naked, aroused man in the daylight;
her one previous heterosexual experience had been in the dark, under the
covers. Steve wasn't a weedy nerd; he had a broad, hairy chest and thick
and muscular arms and legs.

Jenny's inhibitions made
it difficult for her to have sex during the day and in the open, but then
she thought, 'I'm a slave girl, I don't have to make any decisions. All
I have to do is obey my master.' This submissive thought produced a wave
of lust.

Steve lay beside Jenny. He
held her in his arms and kissed her deeply. She returned the kiss; their
tongues caressing. Steve kissed her rigid nipples and his fingers explored
between her thighs. Jenny moaned and panted. She fought the rope on her
wrists and felt her arousal soar.

Steve paused to remove a
condom from his wallet. It had been there a long time, but expiration dates
were the last thing on his mind right now. He rolled it on, and then spread
Jenny's legs and thrust hard. A few more thrusts and they climaxed together.
Steve wasn't in a hurry to withdraw; he held Jenny close. He whispered,
"I love you."

When she heard those words
Jenny was thrilled. "I love you too, Master." She admitted to herself that
it wasn't the best orgasm she'd ever had; Steve had kind of rushed it.
But to be held by strong arms, to be controlled by a strong man; this was
true bliss.

"I'm going to keep you, slave
girl, so you'll need a name. I'll call you Vella."

"Thank you, Master. It's
a lovely name."

Eventually Steve got off
the blanket and put on his clothes. He went over to the catapult and picked
up Jenny's shoes. He put them on her feet and unlocked the chain that had
held her captive for almost a week.

Steve tied a rope to the
D-ring on Jenny's collar. He pulled her to her feet and tugged on the leash.
They walked towards the road, two happy people in a world of their own.

The End

Story copyright© 2002
by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments.
E-mail me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com
