---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/commitment.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Commitment
authors:
- GC
tags:
- Sbf
- bagged
- tape
- cons
- X
date: 2002-07-16 00:00:00
---

Story also appears in
Mummification section

Clunk. Ears prick. Conscious struggles to return. It must be 6.00am.
Languidly I stretch. I wait. Engine sounds. I'm alone! At last! A thrill
shoots down my spine.  No, wait. What if the car returns? Fifteen
minutes more. Almost... Engine. Door. Pause. Clunk. Engine. Gone. My heart
races. Two whole days to myself. I swing out of bed onto bare feet. I am
alert to every sound. In my heightened sensitivity I relish the different
textures underfoot as I pad softly around. Out comes my heavy bag. Now
the kitchen scissors, where else? Heart thudding I pace. I mustn't leave
anything. Once begun there's no stopping. I dither. Surely I've forgotten
something. I wrench myself out of my indecisiveness. That's it. I cannot
dally anymore.

Feverishly yet carefully I lay out my hoard. Naked I am ready. I feel
goose bumps forming on my body, drawn out by the chill lurking in the early
morning air. Confusingly I feel hollow within me. I choose a dull black
rubbish sac. It crinkles and rustles. I tear a hole in the top. Then one
each side. A glance at the clock 6.50 a.m. Where did the time go? A shiver
as the cold air bites my body. I won't be cold for long. Head then arms
through the holes. The plastic grips gently as the holes enlarge. I fondle
a thicker, smooth, slinky, shiny one of a similar size. Two holes, one
each corner. How sensuous the plastic feels. Legs inside, gentle pulls
to seal the soft plastic round each thigh. Warmth pervades my body as they
cling to me.

Rustling I move to the mirror. Every step is accompanied by a swish
as the plastic moves in tune to the motions of my body.

Heart thudding I stare back at myself entranced. Abruptly I break the
spell. A length of brown parcel tape comes free with a deceptively gentle
whisper. Applying it around the neck-hole closes the gap. I open my mouth
wide to insert a wedge of foam sponge. An unusual sharpness invades my
mouth, followed by a full feeling as sponge expands filling the space.
The foam absorbs my saliva searing my mouth. My tongue tingles. I pucker
my lips back glimpsing yellow foam tucked behind my teeth. Generously I
coat each lip with superglue then quickly force them together. I've become
blasé. Superglue can be teased off, if painfully. The acrid fumes
bite my nose and lungs.

Swiftly I grab a wide roll of thick sticky silver
duct tape, grip the end and pull outwards. It comes free with a loud ripping
sound. I stretch two overlapping strips across my mouth, smoothing the
strong adhesive tape down. Another folds round my chin, the next loops
under from ear to ear. More strips diagonally from beside the eye across
the mouth to the opposite side of my neck. My transformed face peers back
at me from the mirror, the lower half a near hemisphere of silver.

Gently I rub the wax earplugs between my fingers coaxing them into shape.
Brushing my hair aside I insert them carefully. My heartbeat sounds louder.
I can still hear but muted. I will take care of that and importantly keep
track of time. I won't let disorientation fool me into curtailing my pleasure
prematurely. I have pre-tuned a personal radio. Station time signals are
given only infrequently there, a clue but no more. I position the earphones
over the earplugs and tape them in place. I thread the wire down inside
to the machine. My hot sweaty body has glued the plastic to my skin. I
have to peel it back. It yields reluctantly caressing as it goes. I plug
the jack in and some discordant modern composition drowns out the remaining
external sounds.

 I slide a plastic bag over my head. Everything becomes a blur
as the plastic brings the edge of my universe to a finger's breadth from
my face. The bag expands and contracts as my lungs draw in the air to remove
precious oxygen. I fasten the edges of the bag onto the plastic encasing
my upper body. Now the bag is sealed. No longer is cool air being drawn
in from outside. The air becomes hot and damp. My lungs start to work overtime.
My loins stir. I mustn't let that happen, I've too much else planned. 
Calm, there's plenty of time left. I fumble for the scissors. The plastic
stretches then shears as it's cut away. The cool air strokes my face. I
seal the hole's edges onto my skin leaving exposed my nose and eyes. I
reach up and press onto the soft plastic. Trapped warm air flows, tickling,
past my eye. I pick up a fresh roll of parcel tape. Pulling out a length
I bring it back towards my sealed mouth. Round and round it goes, its tight
grip squeezing more air from the bag.

Under my chin up over, my jaws forced together, no way can I expel the
gag now. Soon my whole head is encased save my eyes and nose. The rectangle
containing them is painted red as the tightness of the tape forces a flush.
Irritatingly I feel a slight pain by my ear. The pressure of layers of
tape is forcing an earphone into my flesh. Either it will become intolerable
or not.

I perch on the edge of the bed. Over each foot I slip two bags, separately
taping them firmly in place. I get up. The slippery sensation of walking
with these bags in place feels sublime. Why did I forget to do this earlier?
I reluctantly sit back down. I bind both feet inside a wonderfully shiny
black rubbish sac. I swing my bound legs to the side into an extra large
sac. It reaches my armpits. Stretching down I wrap brown tape round and
round. I thrust upright onto my bound feet, taking care not to overbalance.
Now I wind higher, the tight overlapping tape concealing all trace of the
black plastic. A triple layer round the knees then my thighs are pushed
together. Skin touches skin. Flexing only moves the fat not the skin itself.
I wind higher. Now my buttocks are squeezed. I straighten to rearrange
the plastic on my top half. As I stroke the plastic into its place I draw
in deep lungfulls of air. My chest is no longer squeezed by my bent posture.
Faint trembling in my arms fades away. I pause to bring back calm. Further
tape flattens me in front. I am forced to breathe in slightly as my waist
is gripped firmly.

Swaying slightly I pick up a heavy grey chain. I breathe in. So much
that the tape loosens its grip and forms a stiff but loose band round my
waist. The cold chain bites into me as I struggle to join the end links
with a padlock. Low on my waist, the chain pulls me in a little more than
before. I bring the tape back down immobilising the chain before resuming
winding upwards. Now the radio is unreachable out of my control. I'm doing
this to, my mind gropes, Puccini. My breast is reached and breathing is
notably curtailed. Keeping my fingers free I swathe my right arm in plastic.
I tape it firmly. I fasten a long gold chain above my elbow. I immobilise
my other fingers and thumb with duct tape. Now I encase that whole arm
in plastic, winding tape firmly over the top all the way till it joins
onto my shoulder. I pull the gold chain round my torso, lock it above the
bound elbow then padlock the end links. I padlock my bound wrist to the
waist chain leaving a short length of thin chain dangling. Fastening the
arm down by my side is difficult. It is hard to pass the tape round both
body and arm, as movement is so restricted. It doesn't help that I've put
on weight recently. An unusual reason for dieting! I pause to savour the
situation. A slight pivot onto my toes and I topple backwards onto the
bed. Awkwardly I squirm into position.

Straining slightly I look down on my light-brown mummy like body. It's
such a beautiful shape. The encircling grey and gold chains form jewellery.
I drink in the sight till the strain of holding my head up becomes too
much and gravity pulls it down. My free arm can reach three combination
padlocks, two chosen at random. Each lock uses four protruding rotating
lugs to set the combination. One is my safety lock. Its combination is
easy to remember and set. I hook them in place so they cannot slide down
the slippery plastic to become unreachable at my side. I'm hot with all
the activity and need to slow my breathing. I concentrate on the radio.
Somehow I've jarred it slightly off station. I have to strain to hear.
I wait. My nostrils are clear, I'm not in imminent danger of choking, everything
checks out fine. I reach up grasp the pull switch and leave the room illuminated
only by the sunshine peeking round the drawn curtains. Fumbling with silver
tape I press a short strip firmly over one eye. Another and another till
I've banished all light. Tape covers most of my nose as well.

Carefully I check my breathing. Good my nostrils aren't pinched in.
I wedge a roll of tape in reach. I check the scissors. My heart pounds.
I thread the wrist chain through a link on my waist low on my side. Next
I stretch it towards my other hand. My safety lock goes through links on
both chains. I tentatively move over one lever.  I calm myself then
try the chain. It stays taut. I move the remaining levers. Now I'm theoretically
trapped. What if I feel sick, or…? I force myself to be calm.

I've been here before, too chicken to do more. I had it all memorised,
the combination, whether it started near the shackle, right or left. I
lay there, promising myself I wouldn't undo the lock just yet. I'd weaken,
fumble with the pins then determinedly push them back. At the end I convinced
myself that I'd fallen asleep and could see dawn out of a slit by my eye.
There was no slit. It was still evening. That was it. The mood gone. The
let down unbearable.

I hook the wrist chains together. Hardly letting myself think I turn
the pins on the remaining locks. I lie trembling thinking of the enormity
of what I'd done. Ten thousand possible combinations on one lock, say a
second to move a lever, another to try the lock, another to reposition
the lock, then another to ensure the correct pin is next. Four seconds.
That's forty thousand seconds per lock. That's the number of the beast
in minutes. Over eleven hours! Then again tiredness, cramp, sore fingertips
or maybe horrors forced restarts could add many hours. My mind raced. Think,
think calm yourself. That's the worst case. I feel my heart pound. I'm
taking shallow breaths, feel shuddery and have this feathery feeling in
my chest. Is this panic or release due to sheer exhilaration? The final
step. I'd impulsively tried it during a full-blown practice session, an
incredibly stupid idea. However later, in safety, careful experiments found
its limits. By careful manipulation I wrap tape round my fingers then include
my thumb. The free end forms a weak bond onto my body. My fingers are gripped
tight, somewhat uncomfortably. Strong flexing could free my hand yet it
feels completely helpless.

I concentrate on the miss-tuned radio. Luke Rhinehart's book 'The Dice
Man' has a lot to answer for! The die ordered five hours must pass before
I let myself start my release. Already I wish I'd rolled less! I discipline
myself to wait. Surely a time signal is due. I'd taken my time, enjoyed
every second, it has to be nine, but before or after? Lovely harpsichord
music but what's the time? At last. Immobile until two! Senses straining
I take stock. My eyes have instinctively closed and only reluctantly open
against the tape. There seems to be some glimmer of light but I know it's
false. My ears are filled with Bizet.

My nose drinks in the smell of new parcel tape and warm plastic. With
rising panic I feel a lump of phlegm making swallowing feel awkward. It's
nothing, I scold myself. I feel cold by my neck. I couldn't have joined
the plastic properly. Was it subconscious? I recall what was supposed to
have happened to the girl from the James Bond movie when painted gold.
As I lie there so still I think how good and much safer it would be to
find someone who'd understand and enthusiastically help. Breaking my reverie
I strain to listen. In these circumstances all sense of time has vanished.
Deep inside I feel a rumble suggestively churning my stomach. I fidget
in my bonds exploring the limits to my movement. My ankles can move a smidgen
up and down. The layers of plastic between them act as a lubricant. I can
raise my knees a small distance, the tape allows bending but not separation.
I cannot lift my buttocks Movement is limited to clenching my cheeks together.
I can arch my back with a great deal of effort. My left arm lifts only
a smidgen against the tape but surprisingly my fettered right elbow can
still rise. I can hardly lift my head off the pillow and it's so well taped
to my shoulders. The slight movement pulls on the earphones causing pain
as the pressure increases. I subside. I've set my heart pumping again.
Its throb is amplified through my body and I feel the blood pulsing in
my head. I drift away into dreams again.

One O'clock. The temptation to start early is overwhelming. Full sunlight
outside yet not a glimmer penetrates the tape. It could be midnight but
for the tell-tale radio. I've traded sensory deprivation for length of
experience and feel the stirrings of a sense of loss. Two O'clock at last!
I struggle to free my fingers. My thumb comes free readily enough but flexing
the fingers hurts. I cannot find an end. I have to rely on finger strength.
The tape resists. It bunches and twists together. It forms into rope as
I attempt to roll it off. A finger struggles free. It's no longer a contest.
Rubbing on the chain gets rid of the bunched up tape. The movements make
my wrist throb. It's chained too tight for comfort.

A lock fits nicely into my hand. I've soon got a rhythm going as I try
each possibility in turn. With a start I realise I'm lost. In confusion
I start again. The rhythm is soon re-established. My optimism rises. Suddenly
I realise I've got the wrong pin. It's a dash of cold water. I must take
care to move the correct one. My rate slows as I concentrate. It is hard
to keep numbers in mind. Boredom makes my mind wander. I loose track. This
is proving tedious. I listen for the radio. It's too distorted. I resume
counting. I pause many times. I usually fidget in my bonds, just to feel
their caress, then resume.

Seven O'clock is long gone. I'm busy worrying. I never believed the
combination would be so high. Slowly the fears are building. I'm getting
a touch frightened. Have I messed up? Did I bypass the combination or not
try the lock hard enough? Should I keep going? Must I go through all this
again from the beginning? Am I trapped? I hate decision-making. Sometimes
I feel what I do, even this, is a way of escape from that. My heartbeat
starts to race, I feel overwhelmed.

The possibilities make my head feel
like it is going to explode. I force myself to breathe slowly and calmly.
I persevere. Faintly I hear the ten O'clock news. A scare story on lack
of movement and its connection with deep vain thrombosis. My tummy grumbles,
my wrist aches, my fingers are sore. It's hard to swallow. My saliva, or
my exertions, has weakened the tape's grip on my mouth. It's forming a
plate in front rather than hugging my skin's contour as before. Yielding
to temptation I try to move my jaw. The tape still holds my mouth rigid
but my lips part slightly, the superglue peeling off painfully in places
leaving flat gritty remnants. One speck grates on my teeth. Most of the
glue stays in place. Carefully peeling my tongue away from the sponge I
feel a clear space below. Quickly I reposition my tongue. I fear the gag
dropping, choking me. I must distract myself. I rub my feet together, enjoying
the sensation as the soft plastics slide against each other. After a while
I feel serene.

Back to the treadmill. Unexpectedly soon the lock gives. The utter relief
is worth all the panic. I luxuriate in my sense of achievement. My body
comes alive to all it can sense. Even my aches feel wonderful.  Every
movement is cuddled tightly by the plastic's gentle caress. I prolong this
moment as long as I can. I cannot face starting the next lock yet. I might
fall asleep halfway and get lost. I've been perspiring under the plastic
and its been made worse by my exertions. Some has gathered and cooled.
A rivulet runs down my arm feeling icy cold. I become aware of the room's
coolness. I now feel cold. To distract myself I feel around. Finding the
duct tape I wind tape round my fingers and fasten them down. It feels right.

Some change in the music jolts my mind and I start to listen. My return
to awareness has one consequence. Down below, out of reach of my sealed
hands, is a burning sensation. Contracting the muscles in that area gives
no relief. Fearing dehydration I had drank plenty of water before starting.
I now face the consequences. I try to ignore it but the sensation becomes
more and more insistent. Eventually I can stand no more and try to let
go. Nothing happens. The tape is pressing down and constricting too much.
It becomes more and more unbearable yet lack of control was what I want,
no need, deep within my soul. I force the muscles in my buttocks risking
the indignity of soiling myself. Nothing.

Desperately I strain locking my muscles for till my shuddering body
can sustain the effort no longer. As I subside exhausted bubbles slowly
force themselves out of me but still nothing flows. I breathe in, then
force every muscle in my body to strain against themselves. I manage a
few seconds longer than before. A tiny warm stream puddles on the valley
between my thighs. I strain again and am rewarded by more liquid trickling
down to join the pool. Again I try, the imperative still unrelieved. The
puddle overflows and thin streams trickle down my leg. Guided by the inner
bags they pool round my heels. Little came out but it felt a torrent. The
urine feels uncomfortably cold and wet as it cools.

Temporarily the disagreeable sensations have gone. I twitch. My body
disturbs the pool. I lie still again. One nostril seems half-blocked. Air
is still getting freely through, but I lie there, hot from the effort,
worrying that the blockage is real and getting worse. I snort involuntarily.
I worry too late that I might be moving a real blockage into a worse position.
Adrenaline pervades my senses bringing in its own way a sweet reward. I
should be scrabbling at the locks but I'm quite calm within my cocoon.
I risk death or worse the ignominy of being trapped until rescue. I loathe
the thought of the disgust and ostracism that could occur. Yet I feel contentment
wash over me.
