---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Batgirl vs the Professor 12: The Results'
authors:
- StealthBinder
tags:
- M-ff
- F-f
- bond
- latex
- mc
- oral
- toys
- reluct-cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Batgirl vs the Professor 11: The Next Victims**](batgirlvsprofessor11.html))

**Part 12: The Results**

Barbara awoke alone.  Her rest was not peaceful, with images and the horrors of the past day filling her mind and dreams.   She and Annie were close all night, trying to find comfort from the touch of another person.

But now Annie was gone.  Though there was no clock in the room, Barbara thought she had heard an alarm some time earlier.  She guessed that Annie was accustomed to her morning routine and was already down in the lab.

Food was on the table and Barbara ate quickly.  She had little food the prior day so she was quite hungry.  When finished, she laid naked in the bed, not having anything else to do.  Annie’s room was just as devoid of entertainment or distractions as her cell was.  No TV or radio, no magazines, newspapers, computer, nothing to give a glimpse of the out side world.

Barbara realized how focused and single minded Annie Goodbody’s sad life had been for the past year.

She heard the click of the electric lock open and the door swung open.  Before Barbara could spring from the bed and bolt out of the room, Annie had come in and the door closed behind her, locking in place again.

Annie was in her bright white lab coat.  She was topless under the coat, but it was closed enough that her breasts were not exposed.  She wore a full length pencil skirt, made of shiny black rubber, fitting very tightly across her hips and shrunk down as traveled down the length of her legs to nearly her ankles.

Between the short steps it forced her to take and the sky high 5” heeled pumps, it was like the skirt hobbled her walk.  Clothing that was form flattering, sexy and bondage related, all at the same time.

The Professor sure had a kinky view of how women should dress.

“You are to shower and put this on.” Annie said as she held up the purple pleasure suit.  She had a far off look in her eyes, apparently under specific instructions from the Professor.

Batgirl complied, knowing she could do no else.  She quickly showered, dried off, powered up and slid herself into the tight purple suit.  A small plastic rod hooked to the slider helped pull it close and snapped off when it was done. The slick material slowly constricted around her figure and molded like a second skin. The matching purple heels and gloves did the same.

Barbara had suspected she would be wearing it again.

Even without an electrical charge applied, the suit did amazing things to the wearer.  Each time one moved or stepped, the suit sent shivers of sensational pleasure around her body.  Within a few moments, one would become quite aroused.  Give enough time and with a little assistance, the wearer would work into a sexual frenzy and most likely climax.

The entire time, Annie sat motionless on the bed, unable or unwilling to move.  Her coat had opened, exposing her magnificent breasts, which she made no effort to cover.  But now that Barbara was prepared, having put on her cowling, she seemed to move to the next step of the task list.

An armbinder was retrieved from the wardrobe. It wasn’t made of the usual leather, but a new rubber like material that was stronger than leather, but still somewhat flexible and moldable.  Apparently the Professor was never happy with traditional designs and materials of the commercially made products and was intent on improving them.  On command, Barbara placed her hands behind her back and the armbinder was slid up her arms.  Again, the material seemed to shrink a bit as the slider zipped it closed, pinning Barbara’s arms together.  Straps went across her shoulders, preventing it from slipping off.

Batgirl was trapped.

The purple ball gag was fitted into her mouth once more.  Annie did all this without uttering a wasted word, almost as if she was in a trance.  The Professors directions were very specific and allowed no wiggle room.

Lastly, a collar was fitted around her neck and lease attached.  They stood at the door and Annie knocked on it several times in a pattern.  She needed to repeat the knock twice.  Batgirl assumed this was a signal to the Professor to unlock the door, but being distracted as he usually was, Annie had to keep doing it till he responded.  At last, the door lock clicked and they went into the hallway.

The walk down the hall was a slow, complicated walk.  Each step made the pleasure suit slide over Batgirl’s body, sending fresh pleasure sensations over her.  Even without the added dildos and breast teasers, the suit excited and stimulated the wearer.

Fortunately for Batgirl, they took their time.  Between the suit’s affects slowing her progress and Annie’s tight skirt and heels, the walk was slow and sexy.  Even seeing Annie’s walk in her mock bondage and ass wiggling in the tight rubber was highly appealing to Batgirl.

They boarded the elevator not saying a word, stopping on the same floor as the holding cage, as the Professor called it.  They went through the metal door and found the three kittens were wide awake, still naked and rolling on the bed with one another.  They were engaged in fondling, licking, sucking and playing with one another.  When they saw the two other women, they begged them to join them, promising massive sexual gratifications if they did.

The programming had been quite affective on the three.

The Professor was there too, watching the kittens and making notes.

“They will do this till they collapse from exhaustion, or I tell them to stop.” He said with glee.  “Just a little test, but I must get them ready for shipment.  Miss Goodbody, continue with your orders.”

Annie and Batgirl took the freight elevator without stopping back to the testing center.  Once there, the collar and leash were removed as they stood next to the large heavy bed.  Annie walked to a supply cabinet behind Batgirl, so she could not see what was being done, but knew something big was about to happen.

After all, the Professor was robbed of his special play time last night.

At Miss Goodbody’s return, Barbara was instructed to spread her legs and not to move.  She felt something pressing against her crotch, then inside the hidden flap between her legs.  The thick dildo easily slid inside her pussy, for she was dripping wet from excitement caused by her walk in the suit.  It went deep and felt like the dildos coated in the slippery material.

The Professor used his inventions in a lot of different ways.

Next, she felt straps being buckled around her thighs and one more around her hips.  The dildo was buried deep inside her and not going to come out on its own.

She looked down.  Not only was there one dildo hidden inside her, but a second one, about 9 inches long and made from a clear red plastic, was protruding from her crotch.  The fake cock looked ridiculous on her.  Now she had done it all.  She even wagged it like a toy.  She laughed behind her gag.

She was instructed to lie on the bed.  Even this simple task sent waves for pleasures over her tone body and inside her pussy.  Lying on the center of the bed, Annie strapped Batgirl’s legs together at the ankles, knees and thighs with belts of the rubbery material.  When done, Barbara could do little more and wiggle around and groan.

Anne took hold of the fake cock and started stroking it.  This sent new trickles of pleasure inside Barbara, producing a soft moan.  Annie slowly stroked the cock, much like Barbara did when she was with a man in her bedroom, getting him good and ready for what was about to (or making him) come.  Annie’s other hand was below her lab coat, arousing herself by playing with her own breasts as she continued to stroke the fake cock and more than once slid her mouth over it, giving it a simulated blowjob before returning to sudo-masturbating.

Barbara was getting a little taste of what men experience.

What she tired to figure out was why she was wearing the double headed strap on.  The Professor must have other toys to strap on to her if he wanted to leave her screwing herself.  This thing was built for two. Who was going to join her? Unless Annie removed her tight fitting skirt there was no way she could join in.  She was topless and aroused, and tormenting Barbara profoundly, so it made sense, but only to a point.

“The Professor will be here shortly.  He promises you and I will have time together later.” Annie said, taking her hand from the cock and finally coming out of her trance before she left the room, the door locking behind her.

Barbara was alone, impaled by the thick stimulating cock.  She was able to roll around on the bed, adding to her sensations.  The slippery fake cock felt really good as it slid and twisted inside her.  If she were able to roll onto her front, she would have ground her hips into the mattress and maybe bring herself to climax.  But the extending second cock prevented her from getting onto her stomach, frustrating her to no end. She could briefly roll to her side and buck her hips, rubbing the second cock against the mattress enough to get some sensation, but would need to roll back within a few seconds.

If only Annie had slid herself onto the cock and fucked them both.

Annie said the Professor was coming.  How would he benefit from the second cock?  Was he into anal sex or something?

It wasn’t long before her privacy was interrupted and Batgirl had her answer.  Not only did the Professor, but he had a mutual acquaintance with him.

Catwoman.

She was still dressed in the black pleasure suit, gloves and heels.  She too was bound in a matching arm binder of black rubber but without a gag.  On her head was her cat ears, the only part of her old costume left to her. Her silky black hair flowed down past her shoulders.

“For the first time in my life, I wish I were a woman.” The Professor said with glee.  “Then I could feel for myself what it would be like to be screwed by Batgirl.”

Batgirl wiggled in her bondage.  She had a good idea who would be joining her.

“Oh, I’ve forgotten my manners.” The Professor said as they stood near the bed.  “Let me introduce you to Katrina.”

Figures he would name her something like that.

“In case you are wondering, Catwoman is gone, eliminated.  She no longer exists.  This is her last visual appearance as who she once was, never to return.  Even her old personality before Catwoman had been erased.  She has no idea who she was before this morning or of the things she has done.  Her old life is gone, only submissive Katrina remains.”

Catwoman, or Katrina passively looked down at the helpless woman in purple lying on the bed with the red dildo pointing up.  Nothing seemed to register with her.  She had no clue who this bound woman was or why she was here.

“It’s time to put my programming to the final test.  So far, everything is proceeding as I anticipated.  But Katrina needs to prove herself before she can begin her new life outside of this building.  Congratulations my dear, for you are going to be her test subject.”

Bargirl had a good idea what was about to happen.  How many times she wished Catwoman was out of business or imprisoned.  She even dreamed of having Catwoman at her mercy, just one time. Just to have the pleasure of giving her a small taste of what she’s inflicted on Batgirl all these years.  Never did she wish for anything like this.  She looked on at Katrina with pity as the Professor connected a wire to Katrina’s pleasure suit before adding one to hers.

Katrina was ordered onto the bed, kneeling her bound body over Batgirl, her face down at her crotch and her ass in the air.  Power was applied to both suits as Katrina took the fake cock into her mouth and proceeded to give it a slow, stimulating blowjob.

Fresh waves of pleasure flooded Batgirl’s body.  The suit stimulated everywhere it touched skin, and that was every part of her body from the neck down.  Even her feet and fingers felt sensations.  She moaned and groaned, withering on the bed.  The oral sex made the fake cock slid back and forth in her pussy, simulating a slow fucking as it drove deeper into the crime fighter.

She looked over at the Professor, with his arms crossed over his chest, a huge expression of satisfaction across his face.  He was quite pleased with the results and enjoying the sighte of this test.  His pants were bulging.

The orgasm swelled quickly within her, making her groan and struggle harder.  This time, she didn’t need the Professor’s orders to climax.  She squealed into her purple ball as the orgasm exploded over her body.  Everything made it grow stronger and longer as it flooded her senses with hot pleasures.

Only when did it subside did Batgirl feel new weight move on the bed.  Unable to see it, she understood that the Professor was now kneeling behind Katrina.  When Katrina lurched forward, Batgirl knew the Professor had decided to join the fun and rammed himself into Katrina’s vulnerable pussy from behind.  Katrina groaned deeply, her mouth still surrounding her protruding phony cock.  Her moans became stronger and more frequent, indicating she was on her way to an orgasm of her own.

In the mean time, Batgirl was building up again.  The sensations were relentless as was Katrina’s oral sex.  She wasn’t growing tired at all, even as the Professor slammed into her over and over.   The fresh orgasm exploded over Batgirl only seconds after Katrina let out a long, hard groan, her body trembling from a strong climax of her own.

When it was over for both women, the Professor ordered Katrina to stop the oral action and to climb onto her defenseless partner.  Katrina slid her pussy down the length of the second dildo, joining the two women together as she hovered over the helpless hero.  She took the entire shaft into herself and slowly began to ride it, just like a woman would screw a man’s cock from above.

The Professor was not left out of the action.  He straddled Batgirl’s head, facing the black clad captive and shoved his cock into Katrina’s mouth, making the mindless woman the center of a 3-way fucking.

The Professor had only a moment to really enjoy it, for he groaned deeply and apparently exploded his first sticky wad into the woman’s willing mouth.  Batgirl could not see what happened, but felt a fresh orgasm swell within her.  Katrina never stopped her humping and quickly made the woman below her orgasm again while she dutifully drank down the Professors entire load of sperm, not missing a drop or a stroke.

When he finished his spewing, the Professor climbed off the bed.  Even as the two women continued to hump one another, he placed a large black ball into Catwoman’s mouth and strapped it tightly in place.

Now he made Katrina lay down on top of Batgirl, with the dildo still buried inside.  He buckled the straps around her thighs and waist, making it impossible for the two to separate.  Her legs were bound together with additional straps, matching the bondage of her purple twin.

The two women were rolled onto their sides facing one another.  Batgirls legs were bent at the knees and her ankles attached to the end of her arm binder, rendering her hogtied.  Katrina was locked into the same position.  The end result was the two arch adversaries were locked into matching suits and hogties, joined together with a duel headed dildo and blissfully fucking each other without fear of a cock growing tired.

Who would have though this a week ago?

“The Bat and the Cat, together at last.” The Professor joked.  “But only for one wonderous time.  Soon Katrina will be on her way to the highest bidder.  I should be recording this.”

Both women continued to squirm and buck against her long time enemy, only Batgirl knowing why they had been such hated rivals.  Batgirl could feel another orgasm swelling within her helpless body as the Professor spoke.

“The auction for Katrina is set for tonight.”



06.09.09

story continues in [**Batgirl vs the Professor 13: Intruders**](batgirlvsprofessor13.html)

o0o
