---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/artofsilksurrender11.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Art of Silk Surrender 11
authors:
- Dannyinsilk
tags:
- FM+/fm
- D/s
- bond
- rope
- naked
- group
- outdoors
- chast
- collar
- games
- oral
- sex
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Art of Silk Surrender 10**](artofsilksurrender10.html))

**The Art of Silk Surrender- Part 11**

In the last part, Aurora and I had been locked into collars and chastity belts in service of my friend Sue, now Lady Susan, who was holding court at a bondage pool party in my parents’ backyard.  There were twenty-two naked guests, currently divided into eleven pairs, engaged in a contest to see who could resist orgasm the longest while being given oral sex by their bound partner.  Losing meant being forced to walk the plank, the pool diving board, while having hands bound and with a thick, black cotton hood over their heads.

Aurora and I stood for a moment, one of us on each side of Lady Susan, and absorbed the sight of so many nude bodies presented in front of us.  The bound one in each team, kneeling in front of their standing partner, began by wiggling forward in their darkness to locate and then begin licking, sucking and kissing their teammate’s organs.  It was quite enlightening to see the full range of technique and enthusiasm, all the way from vigorous, almost gymnastic tonguing to shy, timid, reluctant nibbles.  The girl-girl team who had seemed forced to pair up were clearly not so much interested in the challenge, and I thought they might be risking immediate disqualification for lack of effort.  But, all of a sudden, the bound one must have hit some wonderful spot by accident, since the standing one jerked suddenly in a wave of unexpected passion, and this seemed to break the ice for them, and they both stepped up their involvement by a factor of four or five.

As it became clear several contestants were nearing orgasm, Lady Susan silently directed Aurora and I to take a bag of tent pegs and place them in the ground four feet apart, in two lines perhaps twelve feet across from each other.  This done, she beckoned me to her lips and whispered to me confirming that I was an expert swimmer and had proper first aid emergency training.  Satisfied, she had me sneak to the deep end of the pool and silently slip into the water and hide myself underneath the diving board without being spotted by anyone in the game.  Aurora and I both relaxed at this safety measure, and I got to spend a good few minutes just enjoying the sight of my angel’s glorious naked bottom, framed as it was now by the stainless steel strips of her chastity belt.  I found myself getting hard inside my own belt, despite being in the coolish water, and began to understand the devilishness of the device.  The harder I got, the more it hurt, which over time could easily keep me in a cycle of stimulation and deflation for a very long time, utterly frustrated and even in pain.  Fortunately, I was distracted by the first couple achieving release, and therefore, losing.

Lady Susan instructed Aurora, ‘slavegirl’, to unbind the ankles of the kneeling partner and remove their cotton blindfold.  The pair were faced off with each other, and Aurora bound the wrists of the one who had just come, and then slipped the black hoods over both of them as if leading them to the gallows.  She took them each firmly by the upper arm, and guided them to the end of the diving board.  Taking first the woman, she helped them step up onto the board, and pointed them straight along its length.  The victim took a few timid steps, feeling with her toes for the safety of the center of the board, and then felt them reach empty air as she got to the far end.  With a shiver of sudden nerves, she almost turned around and stepped back a pace, but Aurora was already positioning her partner on the board, and the hooded woman felt the board vibrate and fell forward into the water.

She sank quickly in the deep water, and I heard her cry out behind the hood under the surface.  Her natural buoyancy took over, and her head emerged into the air, and I saw the sodden fabric press hard against her face as she tried to suck in a breath of oxygen through the heavy, wet material.  Sinking again, she began squirming, trying to free her bound wrists, and kicking her legs violently searching for a foothold.  I quickly stepped in, and grabbed her around the neck and shoulders, and she calmed somewhat at my touch.  Still gasping hard for breath through the hood, I felt her chest heaving hard against me as I guided her into the shallow water, and helped her stand up with the water level just about at her nipples.  I marveled at how, despite her peril, they were standing straight out, and rock hard.  She was obviously very, very excited, as she relaxed into concentrating on staying upright and sucking long, hard breaths of air through the soaked hood.  As I determined she was in no further danger, I heard the splash behind me of her partner taking his plunge, and I quickly slid through the water to assist him.  Executing much the same process, they were soon standing next to each other, a pair of wet, black hoods bobbing up and down as they fought for air.  By the time a second couple had achieved orgasm, I amazingly witnessed the first pair actually bumping their way, lurching and heaving forward in their soggy blindness, toward the shallow end and the safety of the steps out of the water.

This process went on remarkably without variation for some time as the contest wore on.  There was one person of note in that one woman, another stranger to me, was clearly an experienced swimmer, and figured how to scissor her legs just as she hit the water and managed to keep her head out of the pool.  With a dry hood, she was able to not only survive without my help, she actually waited for her partner’s “death leap” to see if she could help him herself.  It was clear to me by this that everyone was still under the impression that they were on their own to save themselves.  I found myself wondering exactly what was going through their minds as they took those last few nervous steps toward such a perilous predicament.  Had I not been so thoroughly preoccupied with my job, I might have tried closing my eyes and holding my wrists behind my back to get a taste of their panic.

Other than that incident, I noted that, however people were different in their sexual styles and preferences, all of them were remarkably identical when faced with what seemed to be the life and death reality of drowning helplessly in the cool water.  Back and forth I went, hauling flailing, gasping naked bodies, male and female, tall and short to the safety of the shallow water.  Eventually, that end was filled with the struggling souls, and some of them began finding the steps and emerging from the water.  Aurora was directed, when this happened, to position them kneeling on the patio near Lady Susan’s feet.

At last, a winning couple was declared, and it turned out to be Dave and Linda, my two friends who had been ringleaders in tying me up the previous weekend.  I mused on them being an odd pair, since they both seemed a bit on the dominant side, but didn’t get time to muse on this for long.  Apparently, a slave’s work is never done!

As a treat for their victory, Linda’s hands were untied, and she was allowed to go all out to give Dave a raging orgasm, and they achieved it pretty quickly with the airs of taking a sort of victory lap.  I chuckled to myself at this image, as I was directed to fish the remaining strugglers out of the water and begin the next task.

Everyone was released from the ropes and hoods, and Aurora and I were directed to guide the whole group of shivering, naked bodies, who were beginning to laugh and tease each other in the spirit of the party and their shared adventure, toward the rows of tent pegs prepared for them.  Each contestant was made to lie on their backs, and was quickly bound wrists and ankles together, and stretched out between the pegs lengthwise.  We had to pull the ropes tight, so they could do little but rock side to side in their captivity.  It reminded me a bit of my experience on the rack, only with much less pain involved.  Each contestant was just far enough from their neighbor that, however they wiggled and tossed, they were just out of reach of any contact even with their hip bones.  They were positioned alternating head first one, then feet first the next, and so on, as much for artistry as anything else.  Perhaps Lady Susan thought it would make them feel more helpless as they could only see bound ankles on either side as they struggled to turn their faces with their arms stretched so tightly over their heads.

As Linda and Dave, the previous winners, were tied in to finish the job, Lady Susan rose in all her regal nakedness, and approached the long row of bound, wiggling snakes.  “If that was a marathon, this is a sprint.  I will be moving personally from one of you to the next.  I will be permitting you access to my very own pot of honey.  You will in turn have exactly sixty seconds to make me come with your oral servitude.  The person who successfully brings me to a sufficiently satisfying moment of sexual release will be declared the winner.  Oh, and just to keep things interesting, my two slaves will be moving about you with my personal floggers in case you get bored as you wait for your turn.”

With that, Aurora, the keeper of the time, and I were directed to take up the two multi-strip leather whips Lady Susan had been hiding in her chair, and she herself squatted down on the face of the first contestant in the line.  She closed her eyes and began to surrender herself to the oral ministrations of the bound contestant beneath her.

Aurora, one eye on the watch in her hand, showed me how to flip the flogger across any part of available skin, and we both began to circulate through the sea of squirming, bound flesh whipping and teasing contestants at random.  It was yet another revelation for me, as I smacked and caressed bare chests, breasts, thighs, even groins and got responses from squawks of pain to moans of obvious delight and everything in between.  I soon began to be able to control my strokes better as I realized hitting wet flesh created more of a sting than parts that had already been dried by the afternoon sun.  It was also the first time I had some concern over disturbing the neighbors, since the smacks of the whips and the moans and squeals from the array of victims were hard to mistake for anything other than exactly what they were.  It was a bondage orgy, and it absolutely sounded like it.  I found myself mumbling some sort of plea that we manage to get to the end of the event without interruption, and then I would try and convince Lady Susan to use gags as much as possible.

My silent prayer must have been acknowledged, since the event was over in an uneventful thirty or so minutes.  Lady Susan managed to get all the way down the line one whole cycle, and almost half way again, before she erupted in a thundering spasm of delight and collapsed in a sweaty, grinning, ecstatic heap on top of Janet, who was formally declared the winner.  As she revived Lady Susan directed me to reward the winner with an orgasm of her own by my own oral service, and had Aurora put the floggers away and begin untying the other contestants.  Aurora blew me a big, sexy kiss as I shrugged at her while bending down to do my duty.  Janet, already highly stimulated by the two events back to back, came very quickly in a violent shudder against her bonds, and I untied her and gave her a moment to savor the feeling before helping her to her feet and back to the group.

Lady Susan declared a food break, and all of the guests surrounded the table we had set up as the buffet.  Aurora and I spent the whole time running back and forth to the kitchen to keep plates full and to dispose of used cups and plates.  Both bathrooms became suddenly popular, and I found myself wishing I had a moment to use one as well, but then wondered how it would work with my penis trapped inside the restraining tube.  I saw there was a hole at the tip, but I didn’t feel that interested in peeing in the tube and letting it slowly drain out that way.  I decided to try and hold off as long as I could before addressing that as an issue.

The party was clearly a raging success.  People were laughing and dancing around, even though we didn’t have any music on, and generally frolicking in the joy of being nude.  They shared “war stories” of their personal reactions in the pool and on the grass, and there was an aura of excited anticipation of what the next even might be.

It was not long in coming.  Lady Susan called everyone to order, and had Aurora and I tie everyone up in a quick, two-rope hog tie, one binding their ankles, and the other lashing their wrists together and the loose end running to the ankle tie, completing the position.  More of the white cotton strips came out to blindfold everyone this time, and the rules were defined.  Each person had to locate their partner by wiggling and rolling around across the yard, then bring one of them to an orgasm and present the evidence as a mouthful of ejaculate at the feet of Lady Susan.  However they could manage it was entirely up to them.  They could try and untie each other, either before or after the required orgasm, or they could just try and wiggle their way through the whole event.  The first mouthful of come presented to Milady would indicate a winning team.

For this event, Aurora and I were not required, so Lady Susan had Aurora bind my own hands behind my back and lash my ankles together.  A quick blindfold, and I was just as helpless as the guests.  I was positioned at the foot of Lady Susan’s chair, and told to wait a moment.  I heard the sounds, above the laughing and grunting of the contestants, of Aurora being tied up just as I had been, and felt her warmth beside me in a moment.

We were directed to service Lady Susan’s feet, and I had my initiation into the art of foot worship.  Licking, sucking, kissing her lovely toes, feet and ankles, her two bound, naked, belted slaves worked with a passionate diligence to pamper her with as much loving care and devotion as we could muster.  I found it surprisingly erotic, and made a note to share this new treat with my own angel at the earliest opportunity.  Instead, I was forced to settle for sharing with her the joy of servicing Sue’s warm, well-maintained feet in our naked surrender.

As you can imagine, it was quite some time before a couple solved the challenge of this exhausting event, but, at last, I felt another warm, naked body slide in between us at Lady Susan’s feet, and she laughed and withdrew her feet from our lips and arose with a flourish.  My blindfold was whipped off without being untied, and Aurora and I found ourselves suddenly staring at each other with none other than Linda, Dave wedging in behind her, presenting her open mouth for Milady’s approval.

“We have a winner!”  Lady Susan proclaimed proudly.  “You may swallow now, my dear.”  Linda took a deep swallow to clear her mouth and smiled triumphantly at me.  I saw that both she and Dave had managed to unbind their hog tie and release their ankles, but both of them were still quite securely bound with wrists behind their backs.  I turned in my own bondage to see the whole backyard strewn with nude bodies, in various stages of hog ties.  Several couples had not even managed to get their blindfolds off yet.

Lady Susan announced again, “I declare another break, for dinner and refreshments.  I will take my leave for a time and leave you to your own discretion.  When I return, I will expect your full devotion as before.  Thank you for your fine efforts, one and all.”

With that, she strode off into the house, maintaining her aura of naked authority the whole way, and even leaving it behind her hanging in the air over us all.  After a moment to digest this, Dave and Linda moved quickly back to back and pulled their wrists bonds free.  They immediately rose and began helping the other guests get loose.  In rapid order, Aurora and I found ourselves to be the only creatures in the yard still tied up.  I made a silent motion for someone to release me, but Linda stepped in and halted things.  “I don’t believe Lady Susan said anything about releasing her personal slaves.  I’d better leave them as they are if I were you.”

Aurora and I sank back on our haunches, resigning ourselves to the fact that the party was going to go on with us as nothing more than festive decorations.  Dave, ever helpful, decided that he would risk blindfolding us again, so that is how we spent the entire dinner break.  Again, we were surrounded by the sounds of a very happy and well-enjoyed party, but we were not allowed to partake.  Much food was consumed, much drink was imbibed, and there was a lot of splashing in the pool, as people finally got a chance to use it the way normal people did.  I found myself drifting into the edges of sub-space, not really as a way to process pain for once, rather out of sheer boredom and frustration.  I was hungry, I had been serving all day, and I really wanted to find a way to relieve myself in some way other than wetting myself right there on the patio.  I sank into my zone where everything melted into a foggy haze of undifferentiated sensation, and drifted there as best as I could.  Visions of Aurora’s radiant smile and gloriously naked body seeped into my mind, and warmed me in ways I really don’t know how to put into words.

At last, I felt Lady Susan return, and I did my best to haul myself back from my personal fog of timelessness.  I had no idea what time it was, but there was a bit of a chill in the air, so I figured the sun must have gone down some time ago.

I expected that her return would address Aurora and my bound state, but that was clearly not her intention.  She gathered everyone together and announced that the final open event, to be judged singly rather than by team, was a creative bondage contest.  The winner would join Linda, Dave and Janet in a final competition first thing in the morning for the ultimate prize and the supreme victory.  The rules of the evening’s event were simple:  use whatever materials were available at that moment anywhere in the yard for one person to tie up and enslave another person.  There was no advantage to being the bound one or the one who did the tying.  The winner would be judged by Lady Susan alone at her supreme discretion, and they would win by showing her the greatest commitment to the experience of bondage.  If tied, it would be strength, endurance, passion, humility of servitude; if doing the tying, it would be creative use of materials, position, testing and the capacity to embody the spirit of total domination.  She was setting the clock for two solid hours to give everyone more than ample time to demonstrate the qualities needed for victory.  She took a couple of questions for clarification, and then set them off on their test.

I could feel her settle back down into her chair, and finally take notice of her bound, dutiful slaves at her feet.  “Oh, my.  Look at the two of you.  You are so . . . so beautiful.  Your naked skin glowing in the rising moonlight, warming in the radiance from the light in the pool.  Bound in such abject devotion and surrender to your beloved Mistress.  Just . . . simply beautiful.”  I felt her stroke my face and neck, and it was the first time I had experienced a heart-felt caress from her hand.  She had done much to stimulate me, to excite me, to test me, to stress and strain my naked flesh and challenged muscles, but she had never simply touched me with tender delight.  And, what surprised me more than anything, it was the most torturous thing she could possibly have done.

My body screamed at me to be able to move, to rise up, to find my Aurora, and to wrap my soft, silken skinned angel in my sweetest embrace and sink into joyous communion with our love.  The fact that I was bound so firmly, blindfolded, with my cock still trapped in the infernal chastity belt took me to heights of frustration and torment such as I had never yet felt in my rapidly lengthening list of bondage experiences.  It was pure, indescribable hell.

She must have sensed this, as I felt her whole demeanor change, almost melt.  “Oh, dear, look at the two of you,” she cooed.  I felt her tender fingers loosen the knot of my blindfold, and she was there, gazing down at me, almost crying in what felt like jealousy over what she knew Aurora and I felt for each other.  With increasing speed, almost a rising reflection of my own desperation, she released the ropes gripping me at her feet, then quickly did the same for Aurora.  She beckoned for us to rise, and we stood tall and naked before her.  I believe she truly did brush back a tear, and she produced two keys from under the cushion of her seat.

In a flash, our belts were removed, and we were suddenly free.  The cooling evening air felt wonderful against the freshly exposed skin of my penis and balls, and we both rubbed at our skin, grateful for the chance to be rid of the tormenting steel belts.  In a sudden resurgence of her dominant will, as if she was not fully prepared to expose her raw, tender side to us, she reached up with both hands and took firm hold of our chain leashes, still attached to our collars, the final remaining symbol of our day’s bondage and servitude.  Tugging our faces down toward her, she spoke barely above a whisper.  “This is my gift to you for a day of exemplary service.  You have earned a respite from your ordeals.  But, remember.  You still wear my collars.  You still live for my pleasure.  Nod if you understand me.”  We both nodded solemnly.  “Good.  Now, go inside and take care of your bathroom needs.  Separately.  Quickly.  If you use the same bathroom, or make any attempt to take liberties with my instructions to satisfy your longings, I will know, and you will be dealt with in the most severe possible way. Now, go.  And return when you have finished.”

Without so much as blinking, Aurora and I took off at a dash to the house door.  Arriving almost simultaneously, we brushed against each other by accident, and looked back to Susan to see if she had noticed and was upset.  She just waved us on, and I held the door for Aurora, and quietly told her I would use the front bathroom, directing her to the rear.

When I got to the bathroom, I immediately plopped myself down and let loose to relieve myself of the day’s pent up waste.  As I finished, I just sat there, head in my hands, allowing myself to feel the utter exhaustion from the challenges of the day.  Breathing long, deep and fully, I waited until I felt the beginnings of new, fresh energy charging my inner batteries once more, and rose and completed my basic ablutions.

Lingering perhaps just a beat or two longer than absolutely necessary, I allowed myself to step slowly, silently returning to the back door, attempting to savor and digest as much as I could of the mind-boggling adventure.  As I reached the door, Aurora, looking much more refreshed than I felt I did, joined me again, and we proceeded back outside.  We both marveled at the scene that awaited us.  Eleven couples were scattered all over the yard, in and beside the pool, by the big maple tree, in the dirt of the shrubbery, along the tall, slatted fence.  Two couples had even joined forces to use their partners as spread eagled staked out obstacles for a bizarre bondage croquet match.  People were tied up in the simplest of ties, and one man I never did get the name of was almost mummified in rope.  His thick, rigid erection stuck out from his rope wrappings like a small subway turnstile.

Aurora and I found our hands interlocking together despite the warnings to the contrary, and we shyly, soberly, silently presented ourselves back for Lady Susan to possess us once more.  She stood in profound silence, gazing at our fingers as we unthinkingly refused to let go of each other, and finally she found words.  “What ever am I to do with you two?”  She almost imperceptibly shook her head, and moved right up to my naked chest.  She ran her fingers up and down my torso, and I found I had no idea whether she was going to kiss me or crush my balls in her hand.

Doing neither, she angled herself to face Aurora, and moved right in to press her entire naked length right up against my angel’s soft, satin skin.  The smaller girl began nuzzling and caressing her, and Aurora, after a quick glance at me, closed her eyes and allowed the sensations of Sue’s hunger wash over her.  She clenched Aurora’s leash once more, and guided her head down into a deep, full rich kiss.  The two women began nibbling and caressing each other in rising hunger.  Aurora, rather than releasing my fingers, drew me around and led me to press my body against Sue’s naked back.  I reached my arms around and enclosed them both in a warm embrace, full of rising passion.  Sue went limp, sandwiched in between our hungry, naked chests, and Aurora and I drew even closer to compensate for her weakening knees.

Finally, to me quite shockingly, Sue whispered in an aching, desperate purr, “Tie me up.  Tie me to the lounger and make love to me.  I want you.  I want both of you more than you can possibly know.”

Aurora seemed to be the one taking charge now.  She guided me to ease Sue’s melting body down along the length of the nearest lounger.  Grabbing a bundle of rope, she handed me a few strands, and we both began binding Sue’s limbs to the frame, as she writhed and moaned beneath our touch.  Stretched out with arms above her, I bound her wrists, her elbows, her upper arms.  Lashing her shoulders down, across her chest above and below her heaving breasts.  Aurora did the same with her feet, her ankles and knees, her thighs, leaving enough space for either of us to have access to Sue’s inner passages.  Finally, we met at her waist, and strapped it down firmly, so that she was utterly helpless and lashed to the metal frame, pressing deeply into the soft, thick cushions.

Aurora grabbed a blindfold cloth and balled it up tightly.  Moving to Sue’s mouth, she guided her jaw down and filled her cheeks with the soft cotton material.  I handed her another cloth, and she tied the gag firmly in place.  Sue would not be giving us any further verbal commands until the scene was finished and we released her.  I added a blindfold across her pleading eyes, and I didn’t know if her glance was begging me not to take her vision, or if she was just utterly consumed by her passionate hunger.  It didn’t matter.  It was done, and she was ready.

Aurora took a couple of cushions and knelt down on one near her upper body.  She began kissing and nibbling at Sue’s soft, pliant breasts, now held between the bindings like a sort of rope bra, and I eased myself down and moved my rock hard penis toward her waiting thighs.  Aurora glanced up and nodded to me to proceed.  I knew she was not giving me permission to penetrate Sue, she was rather letting me know that she was making love to her as much as I was, and we each had our part to play in the dance of love between the three of us.  As I made contact, I felt how incredibly wet and open she already was, and it was the simplest thing to just slide myself in and begin to surrender to the warmth of her innermost muscles caressing and possessing my offering of love.

We made love to her over and over, softly, sweetly, tenderly, then again with rising passion and increasing vigor.  Her body strained and bucked against her bonds, and she moaned and cried into her gag as we gave her wave after wave of ecstasy and joy.  We switched places repeatedly, and I came hard and fully twice before we finally collapsed into the lounger, wedging ourselves on either side of her imprisoned flesh, and we lay there, sighing with happiness and caressing each other contentedly.

At last, Aurora revived herself and looked to see that the timer for the guests and their assignment had run out.  We propped ourselves up to witness the most bizarre display of bondage and naked slavery as I had never imagined, and not seen since.  Slowly, gently, we arose from the lounger, and embraced as we took in the entire scene.  Hungry, expectant eyes greeted us, filling with a look of bewilderment as they awaited the Lady Susan to come and declare one of them victorious.

Aurora announced quietly, “Give us a moment, please.”  I had to bite my lip to stop from bursting out in delighted laughter, but she gave me a sober look, and we set about carefully, respectfully untying the exhausted prisoner.  All eyes were on our every move, until finally, we each took one of her hands, and helped her to her feet.  Sue opened her eyes and gazed out over the yard, her royal bondage court, and smiled a deep, satisfied grin that felt as if it started from her toes and rose through her entire body.  She acknowledged our support with a regal nod to each of us in turn, then slipped out of our grasp and strode forward.  She toured the entire scene with such profound attention, testing a tie here, poking exposed flesh there, and there was such a deep silence I swear I could have heard a butterfly if one had flitted past.

Completing her circuit, Lady Susan rose up tall and straight, and proclaimed my friend Paul, one of the bound ones, as the winner.  He had been tied most stringently, and tightly, and Sue explained that she could tell that he was without question the most utterly committed to the experience of the moment in absolute surrender.  She then proclaimed the evening concluded, and ordered us all to convene in the living room to be tied up for sleeping.

The entire group of guests quietly released their partners and filed wordlessly inside the house.  Sue directed Aurora and me to bring rope and tie everyone up individually with their ankles together, and their wrists bound comfortably in front of them.

Accomplishing this, we blindfolded everyone, and found ourselves and Lady Susan as the final remaining unbound souls.  She smiled at us, “I believe it’s warm enough in here that we don’t need to cover anyone.  Now, if you will please take me to the bedroom, I will tie you for the night and lay myself with you with the dignity my station requires.”

And, with that, we three moved into my parents’ bedroom, and Sue availed herself of my mother’s scarves to bind me to one side of head and foot posts, and Aurora to the other.  We were blindfolded comfortably, but not gagged, and we felt Sue slide her naked body cozily in between us, in a fitting reversal of the way we had all lain together on the lounger in the backyard.  She drew the satin sheets up over us and tucked us all in, and we fell asleep in peaceful, loving communion.

In the morning, Sue released us, and directed us to clean up the entire back yard before releasing a single guest from their bondage spread out across the living room floor.  Aurora and I bustled about in our collared nakedness, our leashes slapping at our flesh as coy reminders of the attentions of Lady Susan’s domination.  In less than an hour of focused work, the yard looked as if we had never even been there.  We called Sue out to approve our work, and she nodded and then handed me four sets of tent pegs.

I was directed to lay out four sets of pegs in such a way as to be able to spread eagle the four finalists across the lawn for the deciding competition.  As I did this, she took Aurora back into the house to release them and bring them to me.  As I was hammering in the last peg, Aurora emerged again, with Linda, Dave, Paul and Janet in tow.  They understood what was to be done, and in short order, the four of them were stretched out tightly bound across the grass.  Sue inspected our handiwork, and had them test their bonds.  They wiggled and tugged, but nothing gave in any direction, and Sue was satisfied.

“You may now release the other guests, and give them time for a quick bathroom break before bringing them out here.  Tell them all that a simple meal will be provided at the end of the contest as part of the closing ceremonies.”

This done, Sue had us divide the guests into four groups, one for each contestant.  There were unbalanced numbers, so she had Aurora and me each join a group to make five in each one.  She explained that there was a sixty-minute time period in which each contestant would be required to orally stimulate each person in their team to a full, approved and adjudged orgasm, and then move on to the next one.  If each member came within the time period, which of course was more than likely, the rotation would start again until time expired.  The finalist who had successfully produced the most orgasms in their team would be the winner.

Simple enough.  The bell was sounded and it was begun.  Everyone was utterly absorbed in the competition, even as they stood and waited for their turn, except for Aurora and me.  We were last in our groups, so we spent the entire time making funny faces at each other and mocking the sounds coming from the active players as if we were ourselves enthralled in one long, gymnastically constant orgy of excitement.  Aurora got the chance to go before I did, and it seemed that Linda, her finalist, was establishing a good lead.  As my turn came up, I finally realized that my finalist was Dave, and it registered at last that I was about to have, for the second time in less than a week, a man giving me a blow job.  I mused on this fact as I knelt down and presented my penis for Dave’s determined lips to take hold of, and realized that Aurora, deep in the passions of Linda’s intimate kiss, was still staring at me.  I locked eyes with her, and have to say that I found myself imagining that it was my darling angel’s lips working away hungrily on my cock rather than what was actually happening.  As I let myself get hotter and hotter this way, Aurora suddenly exploded in a violent orgasm, and this was enough to send me over the edge, bringing Dave back on pace with Linda.  Aurora and I rose together, and bustled to the back of our respective lines, as our teammates cheered and exhorted us on.  We resumed our game of making faces, and really tuned out the progress of the game.

Needless to say, the second round proceeded somewhat more slowly, especially when the men were “up”, and Aurora was just summoned for her second turn and got into position as the final bell sounded.  I was still two people from my turn, so I looked around and confirmed that Linda had won, as they say, going away.  Aurora collapsed her naked body down onto Linda’s bound frame, half in frustration and half in congratulations.  She rose off her but gave her two victorious kisses on her rock hard nipples as she stood to await further orders.

We were instructed to release the four contestants, and everyone crowded around Linda to kiss, hug and caress her as part of the victory dance.  Dave gave me a hearty slap on the back as if to say I had more than done my part to help his effort by coming so quickly, and I shook my head in bafflement at the whole adventure.

Aurora and I then had to scurry around and serve up the final meal, and Lady Susan assembled the group for her final, closing orders.

“First of all, I want to express my deepest gratitude for the service of my two slaves.”  All eyes on us, we were given a rich, heartfelt round of applause.  “They were perhaps the best pair of slaves I have ever had the honor to command, and this facility brought a special flair to the event in its richness of variety and coziness of spirit.”  Another round of applause.  “Now, to business.  As we have seen, the amazing Linda has arisen victorious in the tournament this weekend, and as a result, two things are decreed.  By tradition in the realm of BDSM, I surrender my crown and place myself in the hands of you, Lady Linda, as your obedient servant.  Yours to command in any way you desire for the next thirty days.  And secondly, you, Lady Linda, will host and command court at the next time that we are able to convene this gathering at such a time and place as we can and are able to do so.”  Much applause for Linda, and she bowed pleasantly to acknowledge it.

Sue continued, “I see no reason we shouldn’t continue with these functions.  By my account, a satisfying, memorable time was had by all, and I look forward to a long, happy future celebrating the joys of such pleasures with you all as long as we are able to manage it.  Now, I understand Danny and Aurora won’t be able to make this home available except on very special occasions, but, I’m sure we can find other suitable places if we really put our hearts into it.”  The yard filled with applause and cheers of support for this idea, and Aurora and I pulled into each other, full of pride and very intrigued at the idea that this sort of thing could continue and even expand.

Sue curtseyed to Linda, who bowed in reply, and then held out her hand expectantly.  Sue, understanding what she wanted, moved to her chair and produced two more keys.  Linda beckoned Aurora and me to her, and unlocked and removed our collars.  We rubbed our necks gratefully, and there was another round of applause.

Linda moved back to Sue and smoothly locked one of the collars onto her neck.  Sue dropped her eyes in submission, and Linda grabbed up her new slave’s leash and tugged it playfully.  “Ladies and gentlemen of the court.  I declare this session officially completed.  Now, get your clothes on and get out of here, so we can let these two wonderful people enjoy the rest of their Sunday.”

Each guest in turn hugged and kissed both Aurora and me, both in thanks for the wonderful time, and also to enjoy the open, smooth comfort of caressing our silky skin.  I would have thought Aurora would have gotten more gropes and caresses than me, but, and we talked about this afterward, in fact the physical affection was pretty much evenly divided between us.

As Linda led her new slave back into the house, she turned and offered.  “I believe I will have my slavegirl leave you the keys to her car.  She won’t be needing it for the next month, and I think you’ve earned it.”  We smiled at this, and Sue nodded soberly, in full acceptance of her fated new role.  Linda moved off and Sue padded along behind her and we watched their pretty, nude bottoms disappear inside the house.

I turned to Aurora and folded myself into a warm, cozy embrace.  After a minute, I laughed out loud, and she gazed into my eyes quizzically.  “My parents will be home in a couple of hours.  Should they meet you with or without clothes on, I wonder?”

She caught up my mood and we both erupted in raucous mirth.  “If you want clothes on me, you’re going to have to catch me and make me get dressed!”  She pushed me hard and I nearly lost my balance and fell into the pool.  Recovering in time, I lunged to grab her and she let out a gleeful shriek and tore off into the middle of the yard.  We spent the next ten full minutes chasing each other around the backyard in the cool, late September sunshine, and I’ll leave it to you to decide if I managed to catch her and get her dressed in time or not.

story continues in [**The Art of Silk Surrender 12**](artofsilksurrender12.html)

o0o
