---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/love_of_rubber_homestyle7.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Love of Rubber
authors:
- Willy Jim
tags:
- Solo-M
- F+M+/m
- mpov
- latex
- catsuit
- layers
- heavy
- public
- breathplay
- condom
- bond
- straps
- toys
- sweat
- climax
- force
- kidnap
- stuck
- cons
- reluct
- XXX
date: 2025-01-11 00:00:00
---

#### Homestyle Part Seven

It has been six months since my infamous trip to Minneapolis to see Sandy, Candy, Sherry, and Natasha. A lot has happened in all that time. I leased the new property for the rubber dominatrix studio. Nearly all of the interior treatments are done. I have seen the work in progress and it looks like it will be a first class bondage studio. I have been there several times during the build. In addition to the area dedicated to clients, we have an actual video studio setup for rubber porno videos to feed the popular Baroness Pandora pay video site. Part of the studio is up and running and some of the videos are first rate, between the studio and filming done in the old bondage area. Sandy has amassed a large selection of videos to offer. They keep asking when “Willy” will agree to star in another video. Seems my debut performance is still one of the top sellers. I might agree to do some more as time goes on.

On the other front, my rubber suit manufacturing is ready to go into full production. Bobby has hired an aluminum manufacturer to cast the dipping molds. We now have a sufficient number of molds to run an efficient production line. Bobby has also created fixtures for all of the secondary operations. We are just finalizing the basic suit prices as well as the additional costs for accessories. There is an impressive amount of customization available for these suits such as suit thickness, molded-in gags of various sizes and shapes, cock and anal sheaths, various types of breathing tubes, hood, glove and feet options as well as zippers in various locations. The biggest hurdle is setting up advertising and promotion for the various products. We needed to get the product in front of the rubber community before we could start selling suits.

Part of our promotion campaign is to attend any and all major gay and fetish events throughout the country as well as putting on several fetish fashion shows. We feel the best advertising will be to create a buzz by showing off the actual product wherever and whenever possible. This means traveling in rubber. Now… Why didn’t I think of that? Imagine the buzz you could get seeing three shapely minx and two rubber drones strutting through a major airport in skin-tight shiny rubber suits or attending an opera clad in a rubber Victorian style dress. Any press is good press even if it is vanilla press. Sandy has given Sherry the task of organizing any promotional events. The first event is scheduled to begin this weekend. It is the Folsom Street Fair in San Francisco. The Folsom Street Fair is the biggest leather rubber and fetish fair in the USA, attracting 200,000 fetish lovers from around the world. It hosts over 200 vendors. Sandy has connections through her business so we can present our product under her moniker. Sandy, Candy, and Sherry will be going to work the show. Bobby and I will be going to walk the show. I can hardly wait.

Even though it is only Monday, I begin to pack for the trip. I have a total of six suits made from a mold of my body. The suit has a natural gloss unheard of for latex. A little polish and I look like an onyx god. My travel suit will be a simple neck entry version. Tom managed to mold a 0.25mm suit for me as well as all of the others in the group. The plan is for all of us to be in “uniform” while traveling to and from the Fair as well as the entire time we are in public. The image I described earlier of the “Crew” casually strolling through an airport will come true next Saturday. Bring your camera. My second suit will be for the Eagle Walk. It is a walking drone suit with a back zip, hood, gloves, and feet attached. The hood has clear lenses, nose tubes but no mouth opening. Each suit will have a small white rubber appliqué with the company logo “Vulcan Rubber - Birmingham” on the upper left chest area. The third suit is the heavy drone bondage suit I wore for my debut performance at Sandy’s in front of the camera. The fourth suit is a heavier version of the walking drone suit with straps and D rings attached in key locations. The fifth and sixth suit were similar. These suits were experimental prototypes. They were heavy bondage suits with straps and D rings but the hood had all sorts of breathing tubes molded in. One suit was twice as thick as the other. Neither suit could be considered a walking suit as walking in these suits would be difficult. In addition Birmingham supplied heavy rubber harnesses, both neck and waist corsets, restraining cuffs, plus a half dozen separate hoods and masks. This was overkill but this is our first outing. It is a big one and we want to make an impression. Each member of the Crew is similarly equipped as well as several product samples for Sandy and company to display in their kiosk.

The plan is Bobby and I will walk the various events dressed in rubber handing out brochures for Vulcan Rubber. Birmingham even made us rubber satchels to carry the brochures. Sandy and her crew would work the kiosk during the day and we would meet at night to attend the evening events as a group. The image of five rubber clad souls walking together as a group will no doubt turn heads.

Friday finally came and since I shipped all of my extras, all I needed was a small carry-on and my tickets. Bobby, Sandy, Candy, and Sherry flew into Chicago last evening. We had dinner and planned for our grand entree walking the halls of the O’Hare airport. I arranged to have a black stretch limo pick us all up. We arrived an hour and a half before our flight. This gave us plenty of time to be seen as we walked through the airport. After collecting all of us, the limo heads for the departure area. It was crowded as usual but the driver managed to let us out at a gate that was unoccupied. We were quite a sight, six salacious figures all in tight fitting onyx black rubber suits and black aviator sunglasses. We were a hit the moment we left the car. Cell phones upped up like baby bird beaks waiting for their momma bird. We put on quite a show before entering the lobby. We turn heads all the way to the ticket counter. Once we had our tickets all we had to do was hit TSA and head for our concourse. Travelers with cell phones swarmed us like bees to honey. The girls took the opportunity to play for the cameras posing in seductive and titillating manner as we waited in the security line. Their flirtatious acts drew even more attention as we entered the X-ray booths. The girls play it up to the max.

The show continued as we walked the concourse to our gate. We made sure we stayed as a group as much as possible for the maximum effect. When it came time to board we did as a group. Cell phone cameras recorded the entire event. Once on the plane we sat six across in the last row. I chose the seating so we would have some privacy for the flight. I wanted exposure but judging from the response we would also need a break from notoriety.

It was a four hour flight to San Francisco. We arrived late in the morning. When it came time to exit the plane we deliberately held back until the plane was empty before we deplaned. That way we maximized our presence as we entered the gate area. The reception at SFO was even greater than ORD. Cell phones followed us the entire way to the exit. Waiting for us was another black stretch limo. As a show of ostentatiousness, the girls put on an exhibition while entertaining the line that would surely beguile even the Pope. Once in the limo we quickly drove off no doubt leaving a group of wanton spectators behind.

We reached our hotel. I checked into the Mansion on Sutter. The Mansion on Sutter is an enchanting part of the Luxury Mansion Collection comprising 3 high end boutique hotels across California. It is an excellent example of San Francisco’s golden Victorian architectural age encompassing 17,000 square feet of living space, art and antiques of the period and comforts of the modern age. It is a luxury boutique hotel in the heart of San Francisco with 10 finely appointed guest suites and interiors inspired by modern and classical tastes. It is the only 5-Star High Victorian Mansion In San Francisco. This is a fantastic site to headquarter the launch of our new Vulcan rubber line of fetish apparel.

We had photographers waiting for us to chronicle our arrival at the mansion. We all partook in a salacious exhibition seductively parading in front of the cameras with both video and still camera running. The girls performed promiscuous acts as close to public porn as laws would allow. After nearly an hour of lewd behavior, we finally checked into the hotel. Everyone was exhausted. Being erotic is hard work. We agreed that everyone had the night off to rest up and pursue whatever they wanted on their own. After resting up the girls dress up in casual clothes and head out to see some of San Francisco's central city sites. After resting Bobby and I busied ourselves unpacking all the rubber items. We set up Bobby’s room as our rubber warehouse. OH, how I would have loved to have this entire collection at my disposal in my playroom. Once everything was unpacked and cataloged, Bobby and I dressed in casual clothes and headed down to the hotel restaurant for a bite to eat. After we ate, Bobby decided to turn in for the night. I had other plans.

Seems all this provocative rubber display was making me horny. Unknown to Bobby I was still wearing my rubber suit under my street clothes. I had a bit of a dilemma. Bobby had all of the rubber items in his room so other than my sweated neck entry suit and what I need to keep pristine for tomorrow, I had nothing to play with. I needed to somehow add to the mix. I decided a little simple breath play would be exactly what I need to kick things off. Not having the luxury of a closet full of rubber to play with, all I needed was to purchase some local rubber. I headed for the nearest CVS pharmacy and bought a couple packs of Magnum Large Lubricated Latex Condoms and returned to my room to play.

I stripped off my outer clothes and laid down on the bed with my packs of condoms. My plan was simple condom breath play. I opened one of the packs and pulled out the greasy condom. I forced my hands inside and began to stretch the condom by forcing my hands apart. I worked the condom for about three minutes then holding my hands inside, I stretched them apart and forced my head into the condom. Unfortunately it broke leaving me with the equivalent of the large rubber band around my neck. I reached for a second condom and repeated the same procedure and this time it was a success. Condoms are defined as: “A form of contraception available for both males and females. A condom is a very fine sheath made of rubber. It's designed to prevent your and your partner's body fluids from mixing during sexual activity.” It mentions nothing of being a tool for unrelenting suffocation.

I took some deep breaths and some seconds later, I pulled down the condom and it sucked tight over my mouth, closing all breathing access. I felt a lot of pleasure, feeling the tight condom over my head without allowing me to breathe while being covered in latex made my mind go crazy and hornier than ever. All I could do was squirm. 30 seconds go by and I couldn’t hold my breath anymore exalted inside the condom. I tried not to, but ended up making some quick breaths, which led me to consume any remaining oxygen.

Almost a minute later, I was already feeling the lack of air. That together with the sweaty rubber suit I was wearing made me enter a pleasure state while squirming. I inhale but cannot breathe. But I am just getting started. I cannot let myself get out until I beat my personal time, three and a half minutes. Another minute goes by and I thought I couldn't handle it anymore. My eyes and face got a reddish color because of the lack of air. The condom was already gagging me because of how hard I was breathing. I started thrashing about. I eventually reached the two and a half minutes mark, but my body was already feeling weak.

I suddenly touch myself. It made me orgasm immediately and I started squirming and moaning even louder. I couldn’t handle anymore and sat up while taking slower breaths. My body was almost to the point of giving up. Then I slowly laid back on the bed with the condom over my head starting to have small convulsions. I placed my hand close to the edge of the condom before starting a slow 10 seconds countdown. The last 3 seconds felt eternal for me. My eyes were already closing and my breathings became more silent and weaker. Then suddenly with all the strength I had left, I ripped the condom off my head. After that I just laid there and tried to calm myself, gasping wildly after such an amazing experience. Who would have thought a simple condom, a micro thin piece of rubber would provide such an erotic episode.

It took a few minutes before I regained my normal breathing. I was exhausted and fell right to sleep. I woke up some time during the night and realized that I needed to prepare my outfit for tomorrow. The plan is to meet first thing in the morning, and dress in normal street clothes. We would UBER over to the vendor area and set up the kiosk then return to the Mansion, dress in our rubber and make a grand entrance, black stretch limo and all. Even though we were only a mile or so from the fair site we wanted to make as big a slash as possible. We grabbed a quick bite and helped Bobby with the samples for the kiosk. The main structure and the signage were present at the site so all we had to do was set it up. I went fast. After an hour we were ready to go back and dress for the day.

My rubber wear for the day was my rear zip skin suit with attached gloves but without a hood. The plan was to wear the hood separately. Bobby would be dressed the same. The girl’s clothes were simple. They wore sinfully tight black car suits with devilishly high heels and black rubber winged eye masks. Bobby and I would change gear every day but thrills would mostly stay in the enticing catsuits. We met in the lobby at noon. The limo was late but the photographers were present so the girls put on another show in front of the mansion reprising the erotic performance from yesterday. The limo arrived and we sent the photographers ahead to once again chronicle our arrival at the fair.

Our entrance was as glamorous as a Hollywood premier, that is if Hollywood made porn movies. The crowd was mesmerized by what they saw. There was something for everyone. scintillating rubber clad women and men in hooded tight rubber suits. We did manage to create a buzz as we had hoped. We followed the girls to the kiosk and once people put it together that we were selling these delicious suits, they immediately began to crowd around the booth. The girls were swamped with questions after questions about where, when, how much the suits cost. Bobby and I stuck around to help but the girls seemed to handle this sort of thing well so we did what we came here to do. We walked.

We had no expectations to be the hit of the show by any means. We needed to be low key or risk being just a couple of posers. In fact our plan was to actually blend and observe the scene. This is as much research for us as anything else. I know what turns me on when it comes to rubber but Folsom takes the fetish in all different directions. And as far as that goes Folsom does not disappoint.

My concern about being spotted as a couple of posers is unfounded. Less than five minutes into our walk we ran into at least four groups of men and couples totally clad in rubber just as we were. They all waved enthusiastically with some even giving us the thumbs up. A rubber couple approached us. They were dressed from head to toe in rubber with gas masks and all. They complimented us on our suits and asked questions about where we bought it. We referred them to the kiosk. This prompted a fifteen minute conversation on wearing total rubber leading to an invitation to “The Rubber Crawl tomorrow night . They asked our names and said they would make sure we join them. We agreed and asked about the girls. They said “Absolutely, bring them along.”

I admit my first encounter with the Folsom Fair crowd was much better that I expected. We continued our walk as the crowd became thicker and more boisterous. Before long we were bumping into people, some of which took liberties by fondling and groping us, even patting our asses as they walked by. One group of rubber clad trans people decided that we were “Too delicious.” to just pass by. They grabbed us and pulled us into the center of their group. They took groping and fondling to a new level. I was concerned about where this would go but realized this was all in good fun. It finally led to a group photo and a slap on our asses and we were again on our way.

It was late afternoon when we made our way back to the kiosk. There was still a crowd of about 15 people around the booth. I managed to break through and ask the girls how things were going? “Fabulous! Would you believe we sold a hundred and fifty suits today? All paid in advance. We ran out of brochures within an hour. We will need to restock tomorrow and might even need to find a quick print to make more.”

“Outstanding!” I said.

Even though the Folsom Fair went well into the night, we decided we all had enough for one day. Everyone was tired plus we were all drenched in sweat from our rubber suits. We needed a break and with the success of the day, we also deserved a little celebration. We headed back to the mansion. Everyone went to their rooms to freshen up. We agreed to meet in the lobby and go to dinner. I am not sure about anyone else but I decided to stay in my rubber suit. I put on my street clothes over my rubber and headed down to meet the crew. We decided to eat at the Mansion this evening so we could make an early night of it. We booked a large table in the Wine Room and we discussed the event of the day. Every account talked about the extraordinary reception for our rubber suits. We agreed that tomorrow would be a trying day anticipating even more business at the kiosk. As for Bobby and myself, tomorrow should prove to be quite a challenge. Once dinner was over we all headed back to our rooms to prepare for tomorrow. I stopped at Bobby’s room to pick up the suit I would be wearing. The plan for tomorrow is that I would go as Bobby’s rubber gimp dressed in one of our heavy rubber bondage suits. The mere thought of wearing this suit all day in public made me want to cum on the spot. I hoisted the heavy suit over my shoulder and headed for my room where I pleasured myself to sleep.

The next morning, I got up early to prepare for the day. I showered and began to dress in the heavy bondage suit. It was the 1.0mm, which is a heavy bondage suit with straps and D-rings but the hood has all sorts of breathing tubes molded in. This is not a walking suit as walking in this suit would be difficult. In addition we would apply heavy rubber harnesses, both neck and waist corsets and restraining cuffs. Bobby was to lead me out all day as a gimp, walk me to some location and put me on display. I would be in this bondage rubber suit, inescapable, with a hood on, only able to follow the leash, wherever he took me. I would be gagged and unable to see. Then at some point he would tie me up to a pole in the street then stand by me to make sure I was OK. I donned the suit as far as I could then headed to Bobby’s room to finish. The suit was glorious. 1.0mm rubber is unforgiving. Fortunately the suit was made from a cast of my body so the fit was perfect. It literally fit like a glove. Bobby needs to zip me into the suit and tighten up all of the straps. Finally there was the harness and corsets. Bobby got a little too enthusiastic when tightening the straps. Made me wonder if he had ever been a top. Bobby dresses in a rubber catsuit and leads me down to meet the girls.

We elected to UBER over to the festival this morning. The girls headed for the kiosk and Bobby and I headed for a spot to set up. We wanted an area with the most traffic. Fortunately at Folsom every place has the most traffic. Walking in this suit was extremely difficult and doing so totally blind makes it even more of a challenge. I was covered with sweat from the effort. Finally Bobby found a spot he thought would give us the best exposure.

Bobby said.”Are you ready for this?” All I could do was grunt through my heavy gag. Bobby secured me to a pole with straps. Again his enthusiasm got the best of him and he pulled the strap to the max. Blind as I was, all I could do was to sense what was going on outside me rubber prison. I could hear people passing around and commenting. Some of them even came to touch me. I felt hands on my chest, hands on my butt, from unknown people. I was an object. Then, a sudden slap on my balls which made me yell through the gag, and then I was alone again. This went on for hours. It was at that point that I began to seriously regret the decision to wear this suit. At first Bobby wisely chose a place in the shade to tie me up, however as the sun rose, the shade went away and I was standing there sealed in heavy rubber in full sunshine in the heat of the day. It was steaming in this suit and because tit was so tight there was no place for the sweat to go.

A few more hours went by. I could hear people around, but no idea how many or what they were doing. As I was completely lost in submission bliss, I felt hand grab me and begin to grope me all over my body. I heard a strange voice. “Hey gimp. Bet it’s hot in there. Seems you are all alone with no one to take care of you. Don’t worry you are in good hands.” Then I heard someone say “Go get it. This will be fun.”

Moments went by and I heard excitement from the group. Before I could react something started vibrating on my crotch through the thick rubber. A hand grabbed my mouth firmly from behind. I screamed for Bobby but all I heard in return was “Sorry Will, There were too many of them. They are holding me back. They wont let me near you. Sorry Will.”

Then I heard a strange voice say. “Who’s going to make a mess in his suit like a little bitch in front of everybody?” I was already totally wet in my suit, being tied up for three hours, surrounded by hundreds of people in the hot sun. And there he was, a stranger, putting on a show with me, and I couldn’t stop him from doing what he wanted. The vibration was overwhelming, spreading through the rubber suit. I could hear pictures being taken and I was not in control of my body anymore. An orgasm was building up, and I would cum for sure in a few minutes. The stranger was having his fun. He cut my air, forcing me to struggle. It gets me hornier and hornier. I screamed but all that came out was a mew. Soon, I couldn’t hold it anymore. I came, while my air was cut off again, muffling my loud screams. He told me “Don’t worry. No one heard anything from this crowd. Scream all you want.” I had no choice but to cum in front of dozens of people.

Someone untied me and said, “You are ours now, gimp. Let’s go.”

Apparently Bobby tried to intervene but the group did not have any of it. All I could hear was Bobby yelling “Sorry Will. All I did was step away to buy a cold drink. I am so sorry Will.” Then I heard Bobby’s voice trail off as they jerked my leash and forced me to follow them. I went where the leash was pulling, not knowing where. I was soaked in cum and sweat, sealed in the heavy suit, trying to keep up with whoever was pulling my chain. We were obviously in the thick of the crowd. Dressed as a gimp, I seemed to be the brunt of every hand I passed groping and pawing at me, slapping my ass. I had no idea how this would end. This quickly took me back to my experience in Paris and the depths of debauchery I suffered at the hand of those rubber men.

I am not sure how long we walked except for the fact that each step in this suit was a massive effort. We finally stopped. Judging from the noise outside, I was now in the middle of a large group. “Look what I found.” which prompted cheers from the group. My god, this is déjà vu all over again. Then I heard the same voice say “Let’s see if a gimp here can pull a cart.” Part of the fun at Folsom is to strap people to carts and have them pull you around the fair. This was their plan for me. They chose one of the pony carts. The carts used are made out of wheelchairs. Unwilling subjects are stopped by the carts and forced to pull someone around the fair. They strapped me in and once the rider was seated someone slapped me on the ass and said “Gittee Up!”

I did my best to pull the cart but floundered in my heavy suit. They were not having any of that and someone found a riding crop and began to thrash me until I moved faster. I pulled with all my might. I was exploding with sweat from the heat and exertion. I pulled and pulled until I could pull no more then I collapsed on the street. Suddenly several hands grabbed me and drugged me to my feet. “Not bad, gimp. I was leased again and drug off by the group

We walk a bit then I hear “Does my gimp need a treat? Gimp here made a mess in his suit earlier. Like a little bitch, he did it in front of everybody. Let’s see if he can make a bigger mess.” Before I could react he started vibrating on my crotch again with the vibrator. Once again a hand grabbed my mouth firmly from behind and cut off my air. I screamed but my screams went unanswered. Once again the vibration was overwhelming, spreading through the rubber suit. I could hear cheering. I was not in control of my body anymore. An orgasm was building up, and I would cum for sure in a few minutes. The stranger was having his fun. He kept blocking my breathing, forcing me to struggle, and knowing longer he held me, the hornier and hornier I got. I finally came but not before passing out from lack of air.

When I woke I found myself alone again and once again tied to a pole. Was all this a dream? How did I get here? What happened to my captors? Did they just leave me here? Will they be back to torture me more? Where is Bobby? I was completely exhausted. I was drained of all strength. I had no idea how long I had been here. I tried to guess what time it was. I could feel the air cooling so my guess it was late afternoon. It will be evening soon. The sweat and cum in my suit was beginning to cool. It was a relief considering what I was through today.

Finally I heard familiar voices. It was Bobby and the girls. “My God, there he is. We finally found you. We have been looking for hours.” Apparently Bobby went to the police and reported my abduction but they paid little attention to the guy in rubber complaining about losing his gimp. He then sought out the girls who immediately began searching for me. They untied me and helped me walk far enough to find someplace to sit. “We will get you back to the hotel”.

I immediately began to wave them off. I began to try to use my hands to try to communicate with them. I pointed to Bobby and nodded and grunted. Then I pointed to the girls and shook my head and then made a walking gesture with my fingers. They began to understand. “Yes, tonight is the Rubber Walk but we can’t leave you like this.” I nodded and pointed to Bobby. They understood. The walk was vitally important to the business. The girls tried to plead with me to take me back to the hotel. I in turn made a pleading gesture with my hands and they reluctantly agreed to let Bobby take care of me. “Are you sure?” I nodded yes and tried my best to say absolutely through my gag.

The girls headed off and Bobby helped me to my feet. We walked slowly away from the crowd until we found a side street to wait for an UBER to find us and take us back to the Mansion. “I'm sorry Will, really sorry,” is all Bobby could say all the way back. I waved it off as best I could.

We finally arrived at the Mansion. We must have been quite a sigh walking into the lobby. Bobby guided me to the elevator and we were soon in his room. “I’ll get you out of this terrible suit.”

Bobby undid the corsets and all the strap but when it finally came to unzipping the suit we had a problem. Seems the zipper has a lock. There was no reason to lock the suit this morning however instead of taking the key out of the lock, Bobby left it in. The key was gone and the suit was now locked. Oh God, now what. “Don’t worry Will. The second bondage suit has the same lock. The keys should be interchangeable.” With that Bobby started rummaging through the rubber suits to find the lighter weight rubber bondage suit. He took quite a bit of time to go through the pile of suits. I was beginning to worry. Then came the bad news. “The suit is not here. Now I remember. The rubber logo appliqué was coming off in one place and Sherry took the suit to her room to reglue it. There is nothing I can do until they return. I am so sorry Will.”

Locked and gagged in a heavy rubber bondage suit full of sweat and cum, ready to pass out from fatigue, and Bobby is sorry. I am sure he is truly sorry but that does not change my situation. Right now I need to lay down before I collapse. “Mroomm. mroom.” was the best I could do gagged as I was.

“You want to go to your room?” I nodded. I left my room key with Bobby this morning so all he had to do was walk me to my room. Once there he helped me to lay down in my bed. The magnum of sweat in my suit gushed up the suit until it was up to my neck. Fortunately the hood was tight enough so I did not drown in my own fluids. I immediately passed out. The last thing I heard was Bobby once again saying. “I am so sorry Will.”

Sometime during the night I was suddenly woken by someone vigorously shaking me. I was a shattered mess. “Will, wake up! This is Sandy, can you hear me?” I grunted as best as I could. “You mean to tell me in addition to all this he is gagged in that horrible suit?”

“I am afraid so,” admitted Bobby. “Let’s get him up and out of this thing.”

With that they sat me up. Candy chimed in. “I bet he is a mess in there. We better unzip him somewhere where all the sweat will not ruin anything.” They walked me to the bathroom. Once on the tile floor they began to work the lock. It was taking too long. My heart began to sink. “This key does not fit.”

“Let me try it,” said Bobby, followed by, “Sorry Will.”

“All we can do is try to get a locksmith to come and open it,” Sandy said.

“But it is five o’clock in the morning,” Candy said, “There is no chance of us even calling one for at least four more hours.”

“You hear that Will? do you think you can hold out that long?” asked Sandy.

I went berserk and began to tear at my suit screaming a thrashing about. This can not be happening to me again. “Ok, ok, let's calm down, Will. We will get you back to bed so you can save your strength. We’ll get a locksmith here as soon as possible.” They shuffle me back to my bed where I once again was treated by a suit full of sweat.

Time passed. I drifted in and out of sleep. I was woken from my stupor by Bobby. “Will, good news, we found a locksmith. The only thing is he can’t come here. He is the only one running his shop this morning. We will have to go to him.” Fortunately I was gagged, because the stream of foul words coming out of my mouth would scorch the earth. “Come on Will. We have to go. I made an appointment. We can’t miss it.” With that Bobby managed to get me out of bed and walk again.

I blindly lumbered out of my room, down the hall and on to the elevator. I am sure we were conspicuous as hell walking through the lobby. We got into the UBER and were soon on our way to what I hoped would be my freedom. The trip seemed to take forever. I was beginning to lose it. Maybe I had a form of PTSD from my experience in Paris, but I found myself hyperventilating. My nose tubes could not keep up with my breathing. I thought I was suffocating. I panicked. Bobby did his best to calm me. Fortunately we arrived at the locksmith shop and Bobby calmed me with the good news.

We exited the car onto what sounded like a busy street. I could feel eyes looking at me even though I could not see them. We entered the shop. Apparently Bobby told him of our predicament. I am not sure that was enough to prepare him for what he saw. His voice shook a little bit as he asked me to sit down. As I did he immediately began to work on the lock. As he did he began to chuckle. Seems the lock was so simple you could open it with a paperclip. That news made my bad day even worse. “She’s unlocked. I am sure your friend here wants out of this suit as quickly as possible but I can’t have him undress here. You best take him somewhere he can undress in private.

“Yes of course," said Bobby.” Apparently I had no vote in the discussion. Bobby called another UBER and we left the shop heading back to the Mansion.

Once back we once more headed back to my room. Bobby ushered me into my bathroom and unzipped the rest of the suit. I stripped off the hood and could see again for the first time in nearly a day and a half. I struggled to get the gag out of my mouth. It had become a part of me. Bobby left me as I walked into the shower and finished taking off the suit. Even though the suit was skin tight the fluid inside began to force their way out of the suit including me with them. I dropped the heavy suit to the floor of the shower and began to clean myself of the vile filth that covered my body.

I exited the shower. My skin looked like a prune from head to toe. I knew this would eventually pass, but for now my skin was extremely sensitive. I dressed in some loose clothing and walked down to Bobby’s room to thank him for all his help. I rested the rest of the day. By evening I was anxious to hear how day three went for the girls. We all gathered for dinner. We are having dinner in the Mansion’s Dali chamber. The girls were ecstatic about the sales numbers. Everyone loved the suits. Apparently we also made press. Fair goers talked about seeing new videos of us at the airport and airing at the fair. We were later contacted by a local news station for an interview at the kiosk in the morning. They asked how I was doing. I joked”Any day in rubber is a great day/“ Everyone laughed. So ends day three. We have one more day before we head home. I have a few ideas how we can make a big splash on our last day

We all woke up early. Bobby and I went to the fair and broke down the kiosk. We would not need it today. Today we had other plans. We headed back to the mansion to meet the girls for breakfast. I laid out the game plan. I rented a vintage police paddy wagon to pick us up at the Mansion and take us to the fair. Today girls would be dressed as usual in their sensuous tight fitting catsuit and eye masks. Bobby and I would be a bit less comfortable as we would both be wearing matching bondage suits. Yes, I would be going back into the heavy rubber suit I wore yesterday. Bobby would be wearing the lighter version of the same suit. The suits would be festooned with rubber harness straps. We would be wearing cuffs with chains. We arrange for our photographers to meet us at the fair to photograph and video our actions throughout the day. We also had an appointment with a local TV station who had been following our exploits. We planned to arrive at noon knowing it would be crowded and then stay for one of the party events of the evening. It would be another grueling day for both Bobby and I. These bondage suits are a formidable challenge to whoever wears one. They were never designed to wear while walking for hours in the hot sun. However when combined with three lovely minx, clad in tight rubber, we should make quite an impression on the crowd.

It was time to dress for the day. Everything was set. Just before we got into our suits, Bobby asked about whether or not we should wear gags. I thought a bit and said. “Well if someone asks us a question while in the suits, imagine their response when we reply in gag speak. With that we both wedged huge gags in our mouths. We slid into our suits. Sandy showed up just in time to zip us up and apply all of our straps and cuffs. She was not gentle with the straps. We wanted to look like we were authentic. Sandy made sure of that. Once dressed the other two girls showed up as our “captors” for the day and led their rubber drones out to meet the waiting paddy wagon.

Apparently they didn’t air condition paddy wagons back in the day. It was a horribly hot ride to the fair. Once there we exited the wagon. The girls exited first followed by their rubber clad prisoners. The crowd went wild when they saw us. Our photographers were there waiting for our arrival. So too was the reporter from the TV station. Our arrival was well documented and well received. Obviously Bobby and I could not see what was going on. Apparently the girls hammed it up a bit, displaying provocatively. They are very good at this type of thing. Finally the reporter stepped forward and “Baroness Pandora” led them through a scintillating interview highlighting both our rubber suit range and talking up her new rubber Dominatrix Studio in Minneapolis. The reporter asked several vanilla questions but Sandy managed to turn everything into an innuendo. She was amazing. All the time the crowd was buzzing.

The interview over we head into the fair to show off our rubber. I could tell from the sound of the crowd that wherever we walked we were noticed. This says a lot for an exhibition like the Folsom Fair where everything is over the top. It existed to show off the extremes. We were lucky to be noticed in the crowd. The day proved to be tortuous for Bobby and me but we took solace knowing that every drop of sweat meant potential success for our business ventures. We soldiered on through the rest of the day. When evening came the crowd turned to more lascivious behavior. The mere sight of two rubber gimps and three fetching doms was child’s play. We made our presence known then caught an UBER back to the Mansion.

Back at the mansion Sandy guided us to our rooms. She dealt with Bobby first stripping him of all his bondage trappings and unzipping his suit so he could finally be shed of it. Then it was my turn. Sandy walked me to my room and began to remove all the straps and chains. When it came time to remove the suit, I stopped her. “Why you kinky little bitch boy. You want to stay in this disgusting suit.” I nodded yes. “Then by all means let’s make it more interesting. “ With that she produced the key and locked me in the suit and retrieved all the straps and harnesses and reapplied them to my suit. She retained several straps and once I made my way to the bed, she strapped my legs together in several places. “There, now don’t you go running around this hotel scaring the guests.” With that she kissed me on my rubber covered forehead and said the magic words, “Sleep tight.”

To be continued
