---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storiesek/eltie2.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Eltie
authors:
- KrokR
tags:
- Solo-F
- FF
- M+/f+
- bond
- catsuit
- hood
- scifi
- toys
- remote
- buttplug
- gag
- rope
- strip
- alien
- tentacles
- mind-control
- sex
- cons
- nc
- XX
date: 2025-04-13 00:00:00
---

### Preparing for Battle

Space… Enormous and merciless but at the same time beckoning to explore and conquer its endless mysteries and secrets… Existing eternally but renewing every moment, always craving for a sacrifice but ready to share its countless treasures in return…

Since her early childhood, spent on her home planet called Earth, Eltie always dreamed of becoming an astronaut. She imagined herself rushing through space from one planet to another, from star to star, searching for new science revelations, discovering new useful mineral resources or maybe even establishing contacts with some strange extra-terrestrial life forms… Being a small girl, she loved climbing on the roof of her family house on warm summer nights when everybody had fallen asleep, and spending hours watching countless stars that shine from the darkened sky. She felt as if stars were calling for her, inviting to join their everlasting dance… She closed her eyes and started dreaming of herself flying toward them, like a weightless spark, accelerating with every moment, and this feeling aroused her every time.

However, there was something that excited Eltie even more than the space itself. Spacesuits, which all astronauts have to wear day by day during their long flights, attracted the young girl’s attention. For some strange reason, unexplainable even to herself, the idea of being encapsulated inside an airtight shell for a prolonged time made her blush, and butterflies started flying down her belly. Gradually her fantasies were evolving, and her suits were becoming not only completely sealed, but also more and more tight. Unable to resist her urge, she was waiting with anticipation for those days when she could stay at home alone. Then she drew her favorite skiing one-piece suit from the wardrobe, and started pulling it on. Parents bought her this suit when she was much younger, and now it was already too small even for a teenage girl. She had to put in some effort to squeeze into it, but it just increased her excitement.

Having the shiny metal zipper of the suit finally closed, she imagined herself being an astronaut, ready to leave her spaceship to the open space. She was completely covered, tightly sealed and properly protected from any outside danger. She felt herself powerful, mighty and invincible, at the same time aroused and embarrassed.

One day she found some medical elastic bands in her parent’s first aid box, and decided to wrap it around her arms and legs, over the skiing suit, which added a lot of pressure to the already tightly stretched material. Going further, she brought from the garage the biker helmet of her elder brother and put it on her head. Her breathing became difficult, and her vision darkened, blocked by the tinted visor. Overwhelmed by new sensations, Eltie involuntarily touched her crotch through the suit… and fell on her knees, panting and convulsing, experiencing the first orgasm in her life.

It happened in the mid-summer, and since then she started to experiment with different tight garments, helmets and hoods, exploring her body and its reactions to various kinds of stimuli. At the beginning of autumn, she discovered that she could stay alone all night long on the house roof, so it was no longer necessary to wait for a rare occasion when everybody left. She was watching falling stars while half-dreaming, playing with herself, keeping herself slightly aroused... But one night everything in her life has dramatically changed forever.

One of the falling stars did not fade as it usually did, burning in the atmosphere. Instead of this, she exploded with the bright red flash in the mid-air. Then another one, and another, more and more, hundreds of them. Then the distant roar came – low vibration, making everything around shivering, tinkling and rattling. At first, Eltie was not frightened – she decided that it was some celebration with fireworks, just a little bit too late at night. But down on the street, car alarms started beeping and howling, the roar was growing louder, and she began to understand that there was something wrong going on. When the wind came, getting stronger with every minute, and windows started to shatter into pieces in all houses along the street, she felt horrified. Jumping to the ladder, she rushed into the house, where her sleepy parents just got out of the bed, trying to understand what was happening.

It was the first attack of the Krayons, sudden and treacherous. Many people died; survivors have lost their houses and property. Thanks to Eltie, who was witnessing the attack from the very beginning and literally pushing her parents out of the house, her family was lucky to reach the nearest underground shelter in time, before the deadly radiation started to burn out the humankind from the Earth surface.

The war, which seemed so distant and unimportant before, has suddenly broken directly into her life, and all her dreams became forgotten. Eltie and her family were evacuated from Earth to one of the orbital stations, where their life turned into survival. Her father and brother were mobilized, and since that, she has never heard about them. She graduated from college by accelerated program, and was enrolled to the support squad, same as almost all her schoolmate girlfriends.

But unlike other girls, she was really interested in space ships, which they were servicing. She kept on asking endless questions to the crew members and technicians about construction details, purpose of different gadgets and controls, and especially about space suits, which they were wearing during the flights. Somehow, even in such a terrible way, her childish dream to become an astronaut began to come true! Her vivid interest was noticed and appreciated; she was invited to join the Star Force as a trainee, and she immediately agreed.

Twenty-five years later, having gone through endless exhausting physical and mental trainings, staying alive in countless fights and encounters, enduring excruciating enhancing procedure, becoming one of the first Enhanced Humans and getting a wing under her command, Commander Eltie Simmons was rushing through the space towards the battle with their sworn enemy.

Ten hours ago, she was suddenly awakened, together with Casey – her roommate, lover and subordinate. They were called for an investigation and rescue mission after Krayons hit the civilian transport. So, in accordance with the order, girls have packed themselves into their multilayer battle suits – skin-tight base layer, made of special nano-rubber polymer, then even more tight fitting encapsulation layer, also of nano-rubber, equipped with safety gag, recycling and rebreathing devices and internal anal and vaginal sheaths. Finally, they were encased in armored suits, able to withstand heavy weapon hits. They were placed into their battle pods, fixed inside with quick-fastening elastic gel, and immobilized by stabilizing shafts, inserted into their internal sheaths, ensuring they would stay safe and immobile at any sharp maneuver. Completely restrained and squeezed by multiple protective layers, now they were sweeping in battle order, killing time by entertaining each other.

Both being enhanced humans, or Enhumans, as they used to call themselves, they were provided, amongst other useful features, with built-it radio connectors in their brains. This enabled them to communicate directly without saying a word, and exchange a much wider range of information than normal people can, including their unspoken feelings and sensations. Which made them ideal lovers, but on the other hand required them to be absolutely fair and honest with each other, because even a smallest lie or insincerity became obvious at once.

However, Eltie and Casey have been together for long enough to learn how to use their communication ability, and now they were spending boring flight time to the maximum, playing their favorite game. They gave each other full control over their anal and vaginal shafts, and operated them, changing depth and speed of movements, size and vibration frequency. The goal of the game was to make an opponent climax, not letting her do the same to you. The one who loses would get penalty points, which the winner could use afterwards to define which punishment will be applied to the loser, and how severe it would be.

But honestly, feeling exactly the same as an opponent was feeling, made it not an easy task. Sometimes they both had to stay on the edge of climax for hours, trying to find an unexpected move, which would push an opponent down into sweet bliss. Panting heavily and biting their gags as hard as they could, they sweated profusely inside their tight rubber cocoons, feeling as the merciless thick shafts are working relentlessly moving back and forth in their lower orifices, and as torturously sweet vibration is spreading from there up and down through their immobilized bodies. Their lust and excitement was doubled by the opponent’s lustfulness, which they were feeling simultaneously, and by the most obscene and explicit scenes they could come up with, which they translated directly into each other’s brain, trying to provoke the opponent to surrender and finally cross the line.

This time Casey won, making Eltie climax three times, while Eltie managed to retort only once. She was still trembling with excitement and eager to level the score, but an alarm signal suddenly started to blink on her internal screen. They were approaching the contact zone, and it was time to stop playing and prepare themselves for the battle, switching their bodies into fight mode.

This mode was itself nothing more than a side effect of women’s body enhancement – the price, which their bodies had to pay to survive that extremely complicated genetic, microsurgery and nano-technological procedure, providing them with not only exceptional features, strength and endurance, but also with constant insatiable sexual urge. Men obviously were unable to pay this price, that is why they were either resistant to enhancement, or, most often, it was deadly for them. However, women’s bodies, in contrast, in most cases provided excellent feedback. Experimenting with Enhumans, scientists discovered that their speed of reactions even at rest was at least three times faster than that of a normal human; moreover, in the climax state it doubled more, as well as other physical abilities!

Quite logically, engineers decided to use this feature to gain an additional advantage over enemies, instead of trying to fix it somehow, so they developed sophisticated equipment, built in the battle pods and in protective suits of Enhuman pilot girls. Together with their constantly increased excitement level, it allowed them to climax almost instantly when needed and as often as it was needed, to boost their usual abilities. However, it consumed a lot of energy from their bodies, that is why this equipment was normally switched off when they were not in the fight mode, and had to be activated by their mental command.

Meanwhile, battle pods led by Eltie and her wingman arrived at the nameless planet, surrounded by a wide ring of rock debris. This area was indicated on tactical maps as the place where the transport was attacked, but the girls did not see anything unusual yet. Eltie commanded to slow down, plasma emitters reversed and both pods, looking like shiny oval droplets, started to slow, shaking slightly.

They entered the gap between the planet and the debris ring and started to circle around. External cameras and sensitive detectors were searching for any sign of the missing ship, sending data directly into Eltie’s brain via her radio connector. Special software of her inbuilt tactical module was transforming incoming digital data streams into images, projected on her virtual internal screen, so she could look around the pod in all directions at the same time, as if she was in the middle of the glass sphere.

Nothing but rotating rocks of different shape and size could be seen around. Pods were circling around the planet, easily avoiding any collisions with flying debris. Eltie began to doubt whether there had been a navigation error, but suddenly the alarm signal broke the silence. Sensors of her battle pod detected an enemy fighter, hidden at starboard between chaotically rotating rocks. Red dot appeared on her internal screen, indicating location and type of the target. “Attack!” translated Eltie command to her wingman, and both pods simultaneously made a sharp turn right. If normal human pilots would control them, their brains would spread against their skulls because of huge overload created by such instant turn, but Eltie and Casey were far from normal.

A single Krayon fighter would be easy prey for two Terranian battle pods, armored with heavy plasma blasters, but several seconds later their alarm signals beeped again, then over and over. It seemed like the whole fighter squad was lurking between debris, setting a trap for Terranians! Now all enemy guns and torpedoes were aimed on Eltie and Casey’s pods, and Krayons probably already anticipated an easy victory, but Commander Simmons ruined their plans. “Split and spin!” was her next command translated to Casey, followed by the long awaited: “Battle mode on!”

Obeying her command, specially designed electric pads inside girl’s base layer suits, individually adjusted to most sensitive areas of their skin, immediately came alive, sending thousands of tiny jolts in a second. Arousing gas additions were injected into their breathing systems. Same time, probing shafts inserted in their sheathed pussies and anuses were inflated to maximum. It started to vibrate and move forth and back, under control of a complicated ‘climaximizing’ system, adopting the whole lot of parameters, including each electric pad pulsation mode and frequency, in accordance to reactions of their bodies, monitored by multiple sensors. The main purpose of this secret Terranian weapon was to force Enhuman fighter pilots to have as many climaxes as possible in the shortest time, enabling girls to release all their hidden abilities.

And they did it in spades! Their battle pods were rushing around clumsy Krayon fighters like tiny silvery mosquitos, spinning around every axis and turning incredible angles, abruptly and unpredictable. Light and streamlined, carrying no defensive shield generators, which in fact were making Krayons more vulnerable rather than protecting their ships, Terranian battle pods provided no protection for their pilot girls, except their armored suits. Their speed, maneuverability and coordination were their protection and their advantage. Spitting plasma blasts in all directions and successfully avoiding enemy fire, they were shooting out Krayons one by one, not letting them even take aim in return.

Inside the pods, both girls were at the peak of ecstasy. Orgasms were coming one after another, constantly keeping them on top of arousal state and power output, doubled because each of them could feel not only her own orgasm, but the same of her friend as well. Sometimes they climaxed simultaneously, panting, moaning and biting their mouth gags, trembling inside their tight multi-layered suits, feeling as if they are tenderly hugging each other, at the same time furiously maneuvering, aiming and firing at the enemy. These moments were the most dangerous for Krayons. Girl’s blood pressure and heart rates were way above critical, but their bodies were accustomed to it, gaining additional strength and endurance by this. They were modified and trained to become the deadliest Terranian weapon, and those battles were their long-awaited reward for many years of excruciating modifications and exhausting training!

The fight was over in several minutes. Almost all enemy fighters were destroyed or seriously damaged, glowing in the space darkness like an ember. Only a couple of them cowardly left the battle and ran off, obviously trying to save their lives. Girls felt exhausted, battle mode took too much of their energy, and Eltie commanded them to switch it off. Electric jolts stopped, shafts started to slow down gradually and its vibration ceased. Arousing effect of the gas mixture she breathed has weakened, and suddenly she felt her body trembling, hot sweat and bodily juices running down in streams underneath her skin-tight suit, her jaws ached, tired from constant pressure of the gag. Battle excitement was receding, changing with rising anxiety – if there was no sign of attacked civilian transport, then what the hell was this? Her decision came quickly. “Pursuit at full speed, we need to get an info”, she commanded, and both pods immediately took off and darted after the retreating enemy.

The chase result was obvious. No matter how hard Krayons tried to dodge and hide between rock debris, it was useless. Finally, they were cornered between the planet and big stone satellite, and Eltie prepared to open the communication channel to interrogate helpless enemies. At that moment, something strange began to happen.

The first sensation was sudden emptiness and loneliness, she no longer felt Casey’s warm presence beside her. It felt like half of her body was cut off. Eltie tried to call her, but Casey’s avatar turned red, indicating that the communication line was unavailable. *Maybe some equipment went dead,* she thought, trying to switch between channels. Breakdowns sometimes happened, and for that case they always had backup channels working – but not now. She looked at Casey’s pod, it seemed to be intact, however, it did not stop, continuing to move slowly towards that satellite. *Hell, did she pass out?* Eltie decided to speed up and intercept her, maybe there was something with her pod and she needed a tow.

At this moment she realized that she was no longer in control of her own pod anymore. It was moving at the same speed and direction as Casey’s, but was not responding to any commands. Then Eltie’s vision began to flicker and blur, and the last thing she saw was the image of a gray stone satellite fading into the well-known shape of Krayon’s battle cruiser, bristling with countless antennas and plasma cannons. She finally realized that the whole damned story had been a trap from the very beginning. With this belated revelation she went completely blind, still conscious but unable to control even her muscles. And finally the voice came.

“Hello, Terranian wench”, he said. The voice was speaking with a thick Krayon accent, harsh and kind of mechanical, scratching her hearing as if by metal over glass. “Don’t be afraid, I’m not going to kill you… right now, at least. I need you to be physically in one piece, let’s say so. Still in doubt about what to do with your slutty girlfriend, though.”

Eltie was a brave girl, but now she was completely terrified. She was not afraid of death – as every soldier, she was always ready to meet it any moment, in one battle or in other. And obviously, Krayons had some plans on her, which gave her some chances to trade for her life or even to escape. What made her shiver was anxiety for Casey. Eltie would easily give her own life in exchange for her lover’s, at this moment clearly realizing, probably for the first time, how much she needs her. She blamed herself for not discovering Krayon’s devious plot earlier. As a commanding officer, she must have guessed it!

She thought desperately, *but, for God's sake, how did they manage to intercept all communication channels?*! The voice seemed to overhear her thoughts or maybe he really was able to do that.

“You stupid Terranians, you rely so much on your so-called enhancement technology! You forgot completely that long time ago you stole it from us! Not understanding its basic principles, you’ve somehow found the way to implement it, but for us, its creators, you look like monkeys with plasma rifles, having no idea really how to use it,” he laughed tauntingly. “I’ve hacked your in-built computers in a minute or so, I just needed you to come close enough. Being so careless, you two chickens enabled me to override your controls and sensors, so here we are – you are completely helpless, sealed inside your favorite pods and armored suits, and unable even to move a finger!”

If Eltie had not been gagged, she would have cried now, feeling absolutely powerless and subdued. *What a devilish trick of fortune,* she thought, *how could we let an enemy use our most powerful weapon against us?*

Still seeing nothing, she sensed as her pod accelerated and turned several times, probably being directed into the landing area of the battleship. After several shakes, she heard clanging of unsnapping latches, and in the next moment, an invisible brutal force tore apart the upper part of the pod. The anal shaft, snugly plugging her ass the whole flight long, popped out crudely and suddenly, and she felt as if she was instantly emptied against her will. She already understood though, that all her wishes meant nothing from the very moment of capture.

Eltie was still sheltered inside her multi-layer armor and bubble of elastic gel, but this shell was obviously not a serious obstacle for intruders. Indeed, it took them a couple of minutes. Sharp blades quickly sliced her out of the gel bubble, arms and feet locks were released, and the same brutal force grabbed her waist and yanked her out from the capsule, plucking her vagina from the shaft, still inserted deeply into her.

It was humiliating and painful, but she guessed that the real pain and humiliation were still waiting ahead. She felt being laid on her back upon some trolley, fastened to it and transported somewhere. The trolley was moving fast, rocking and turning different ways, and finally stopped short. Somebody’s hands unfastened her, quickly unlocked the latches, which held together parts of her armor suit, and opened its frontal part. Next moment these hands extracted her from the armored shell. She desperately tried to resist and break free, but strong hands were holding her arms and legs very tight, and being still blind, she had not many chances to win this fight. “At least, I won’t allow them to open my encapsulation suit, it obeys only my mental commands”, she thought, trying all her best to hold her ultimate defense line, but all in vain. The lock clicked and the suit started to lose its tightness, transforming into a flaccid bag. Internal sheaths, lining her vagina and anus, slipped out. Somebody deflated her gag and pulled it out of her mouth, then opened the zipper of the suit, and finally peeled it off her body. The last citadel had fallen.

To begin Eltie had to shut her eyes as tight as she could. She was again able to see and hear, which was good, but she had not seen the light with her own eyes since she was packed into her battle gear – it seemed like a lifetime ago now. Her jaws and tongue were aching from being pressed on for too long. She could breathe, but the warm air smelt strange, as a mixture of some chemicals and rotten wood. She felt as her wrists and ankles were wrapped with some elastic ropes and stretched aside. Then more ropes wrapped tightly around her calves, thighs, hips, waist, upper torso, shoulders and elbows. Ropes tensed, lifting her spread-eagled body in the mid-air, and she hung, slightly swinging, feeling herself as naked and vulnerable in her tight base-layer suit with open crotch and breasts as she had never felt before in all her life.

Finally, she tried to open one eye, bit by bit, then another. It still hurt but at least she could see something. She was hanging in the middle of some strange chamber, or rather cave, lit by the bright greenish light. She could not see its walls, but both the ceiling and the floor were covered with disgustingly looking slime, slowly gurgling with bubbles of stinky gas. Something like tendrils or tentacles of different length and thickness hung from the ceiling here and there, swinging, pulsating and getting longer and thicker every second. Same tentacles were rising from the floor, obviously aiming towards her body. Glancing at her arms, Eltie understood that these elastic ropes, tightly restraining her, were actually the same tentacles.

Eltie was terrified. Everything looked like her worst nightmare turned into reality. She tried to break free, tried to break these ropes, pulling it as hard as she could, with all the strength of her well-trained Enhuman body. Nevertheless, ropes did not stretch an inch, even tightened some more, threatening to dislocate her joints. She had to give up and stop fighting; otherwise, these damned tentacles could rip her apart.

As if feeling her weakness, tentacles under her feet came alive and started moving again, same as those swinging over her head. Growing and thickening every second, they aimed at her crotch and mouth. Eltie yelled and jerked desperately, trying to avoid their cold touch, but all in vain. Her cries were effectively muffled by the thick penis-like tip of the tentacle, crudely shoving itself between her tightly squeezed lips. Another tendril split up right under her crotch, forming two branches of similar penis-like shape. Covered with thick whitish slime, their tips easily stretched her labia and sphincter, and penetrated her lower orifices, still growing and filling it tightly. The girl moaned of sudden pleasure, sensation was almost the same as when she was coupling with her battle pod. However, this time it was a guilty pleasure; she was taken by force and against her will, in the most humiliating way.

For a while nothing happened. Intruders reached their maximum possible size and stopped growing inside her body. They were slightly pulsating, keeping her aroused but not enough to climax. Suspended in the mid-air, tightly bound and impaled by merciless tentacles, Eltie panted and moaned, waiting for what would happen next. But still there was nothing; the cave lightning slowly dimmed, and so did her brain, seduced by the darkness and constant sexual stimulation.

*There is something in the air, definitely…* She desperately tried to recollect her mind. *They added some toxic component… that smell… it’s so disgusting and soo… sweet…* She was half-dreaming, already hardly understanding where she was and what was going on here. Hour passed by hour. Sometimes she was fed and given some water through the gag, to suppress her hunger and thirst. She hung in a state of deep sensory deprivation, mindless and relaxed.

Eltie had no idea how long she had been in this blissful state. However, she has suddenly awakened, feeling somebody’s presence next to her. Slowly she opened her eyes and saw a tall, massive man’s figure, standing in front of her. His body was covered with some strange looking armor, with many gadgets of unclear purpose attached here and there. The head of this man was half-covered with a metal helmet with shiny steel plate instead of visor, only his massive jaw could be seen.

The man was standing on a tall block, protruding from the floor, and it seemed like he was just watching her from above with interest, as if he were a scientist looking intently at a small insect, before tearing its legs one by one. After several minutes, the man started to speak, and Eltie recognized his voice immediately. This voice was sounding in her head when she was trapped, and she would never forget its sound.

‘I could rip your body apart with a tiny movement of my little finger, right now,’ his words fell from above as heavy rocks, ‘but yet I’m not going to do this, Commander Simmons, because I need you.’

The block, the man was standing on, has lowered and got closer to Eltie, and now she was able to focus her vision and better look at him. His appearance was indeed impressive, though it was impossible to distinguish between his human and mechanical body parts.

‘I am Kraig The Conqueror, Master of The Great Drone Army,’ he proclaimed ceremoniously with his loud creaky voice. ‘My drones are countless and invincible! Each of them has its purpose, and it was designed and produced to serve me in the most efficient way.’

He protruded his index finger towards Eltie.

‘I’ll give you only one chance to survive, Terranian! You’ll join my army or die! And when you join, which is definitely the right choice for you, I promise not to wash your brain out, only out of respect to your battle courage. You will stay fully conscious, unlike my other drones, and I will summon you to serve me, only when the right time will come! So, decide now and decide quickly, Commander! Do you agree to join The Great Drone Army?’ He made a hardly noticeable gesture, and the gagging tentacle retracted from the girl’s mouth, drawing behind the thin saliva dribble.

Eltie was still daydreaming, barely understanding his pretentious speech. Feeling her mouth emptied, she coughed and moved her tired jaws, desperately trying to recollect her mind.

‘What- do you want me to do?’

He laughed loudly. ‘Don’t bother about it, it’s just nothing! Anyway, you won’t know what you’re doing, because your mind will be under my full control!’

‘Nevertheless I want to know what you are going to use me for’, insisted Eltie silently but firmly.

He paused.

‘Okay, it’s your right to know it. Anyway, you won’t be able to tell this anybody, I will care about it. So, what about sending me exact actual coordinates of Terranian fleet headquarter, as well as all passwords and weapon access codes?’ He winked slyly to her.

Eltie could hardly believe her ears. ‘Do you… do you really think I will agree to do this for you, you fucking moron?’

‘Oh yes, Terranian bitch, I’m sure you would.’ He grinned angrily. ‘You may have forgotten about your little girlfriend, but I’m not, and I know how much she means to you. And you know, I can even demonstrate to you, what will Casey's destiny be like, if you decline my proposal!’

With these words he made another gesture, and an internal display in Eltie’s brain came alive, showing some cave similar to which she was in. In the middle of the cave there were two women’s bodies hanging in the mid-air, completely naked and heavily restrained. She immediately recognized Commander Ency Brennan and her wingman Zetty, by darker skin and notable body ink of the latter. Their hands were strapped tight behind their backs, legs spread wide apart and held by the elastic ropes.

*Oh my God, they fell into the same trap,* realized Eltie with horror. To her shame, she utterly forgot about them following.

Kraig obviously knew her thoughts. ‘You see, I was sure there will be more of you chickens, coming to my net, and now you can watch two Terranian whores in the middle of the brainwashing process!’

Girls were surrounded by a crowd of strange indistinguishable looking creatures, each of them completely encased in shiny black suits with tinted visor hoods on their heads. The only detail that could help to discern them was a bar code, printed in white on the chest and back of each of them.

‘Look at my drones at work!’ proudly exclaimed Kraig. ‘They are restless and dedicated; they will do everything to reach the goal! However, I have to admit, you bitches are tougher than I expected. I had to produce twice as many drones to handle them – forty instead of twenty; otherwise they would overheat and go out of order too quickly.’ He giggled nastily.

Eltie took a closer look at what was going on in that cave, and was terrified. Each drone was provided with a huge black cock protruding from his suit like a stick. Both girls, with their bodies covered by sweat and cum, were being fucked by three drones simultaneously, while other were waiting in line. Once one drone had finished, spraying his cum over the girl’s body or pumping it inside her orifice, he stepped aside quickly, and the next drone from the line took his place. Process did not interrupt for a second.

‘Oh, by the way, I found a way to use your sexual weapon to my advantage,’ Kraig could not miss the chance to brag. ‘Do you see wires connected to their crotches? They are climaxing all the time while being fucked, and I convert their sexual energy into electricity, to recharge my ship’s batteries! Believe me; since the process is going on for many hours, your friends already went totally crazy. Now they are nothing more than mindless, brainwashed fuckdolls with the only wish – never stop fucking! Let’s see, how long will they last!’

Looking intently, Eltie indeed noticed, as Zetty climaxed once again, jerking in her bonds, and the wire, connected to her crotch, pulsated red, transferring her energy burst into Kraig’s energy reservoirs. Girl was obviously already very exhausted; nevertheless, she started sucking the next drone’s cock with visible excitement.

‘You fucking bastard, stop this immediately!’ Eltie growled as menacingly as she could. ‘I swear I’ll kill you for this!’

Kraig just laughed at her sneeringly.

‘You’d better think about your girlfriend, instead of threatening me, bitch!’ He snapped fingers, and the view on Eltie’s display changed. She saw another cave, and Casey hanging in the middle of it, seemingly intact and sleeping, tightly wrapped up in some cocoon by elastic tentacles. ‘Up to now, I didn’t touch her, but I can change my mind and convert her to another living battery, if you disappoint me!’

Rage filled Eltie’s heart. Girl started twitching and yanking in her restraints, shouting useless threats, as fruitlessly as before. Kraig shook his head.

‘You definitely don’t appreciate my good attitude to you. Okay, let’s do it another way. I will return for your final decision after some time. Don’t be bored.’

According to his gestures, the gagging tentacle again plugged her mouth. Another couple of thin tendrils wrapped around her nipples, stretching them painfully. All the tentacles and tendrils, holding her body, started changing its color from greenish to violet, flickering with electrical sparks. And then, the first jolt struck through her body, from nipples to crotch. Then again, stronger. And again, much stronger than before.

Eltie cried and yelled, feeling as if all her body was turning inside out, but there was nobody who could hear her muffled moans. Pain was unbearable, stunning, endless. As the jolts continued, she lost all notion of time passing, as if she was in a time warp where time had stopped and had no measure. All she could perceive was pain. Then her mind mercifully faded, and she lost consciousness. She did not even notice how Kraig disappeared into thin air, obviously being just a holographic projection.

She regained her senses, feeling something changed. She did not know how much time passed, but the excruciating pain had stopped, and she was no longer restrained in the mid-air. Instead, she was laying on the warm soft floor, and no tentacles plugged her orifices. Raising her head, Eltie saw a girl standing before her. She noticed Eltie came alive, and started talking.

‘You must be hurt, but you’ve deserved such a severe punishment, didn’t you?’

Her voice was pleasant but purely mechanical. Eltie raised herself on one elbow and looked at the girl. She definitely was a gynoid, with a human torso, covered by curved metal armor, and biomechanical arms and legs, connected by a complex system of wires, pipes and servo-drives. Her hairless head was robotic, with red artificial silicone lips and gleaming blue optical visors. Lips were moving when she spoke, but her voice seemed to come not from her mouth but from somewhere inside her body, which sounded kind of weird.

‘Who the fuck are you, dolly, and what the hell do you know about punishments?’ Eltie asked hoarsely, still fighting with dizziness.

‘I am Commanding Drone,’ the girl answered proudly. ‘As a drone, I have no name, only the number and the goal to serve. While my Master produces and owns his drones, I operate them and keep them under control. And yes, I punish them when they fail… or sometimes just for fun. So, believe me, I know everything about all kinds of punishments.’

‘And why are you here?’ Eltie asked, surprised. The girl lowered down near her and lowered her voice.

‘I am utterly loyal to my Master, until… it does not conflict with my own… interests. I knew, He is planning to convert you to the highest drone, the same kind as I am… Not to a poor brainless expendable creature, but to an independently minded person! This is something… potentially dangerous for me. So, since I’m explicitly forbidden to do you any harm, the only way to resolve this issue is to help you escape from here.’

‘Are you joking to me? How could I get out of here, I’m nearly dying. And I’m not going to leave without Casey!’ Eltie could not believe her ears.

‘Okay, okay, take your baby with you, if you want. And, I will send several drones to help you and cover your back, and distract others from detecting you. They will be killed, but who cares.’

‘How would I find the way to Casey’s cave and out of the ship?’

‘I can upload the map into your internal computer, if you will give me write access to it.’

‘Sure I will! Write access granted,’ Eltie would not wait a second to leave this horrible place. The girl touched Eltie’s forehead with her fingertip, and the map contours appeared on her internal display, with the red blinking dot, indicating her current position.

‘Don’t thank,’ the girl said. ‘I’m doing this not for you, but for me.’

‘Anyway, I appreciate what you’ve done,’ Eltie replied. ‘Take care.’

She stood up and slowly hobbled on limp legs towards the cave exit door, opened before her remotely. Her black tight-fitting suit has lost its shine, stained all over by mud and slime. She was exhausted, covered with sweat under the suit, her nipples and both her lower orifices were swollen and sore, but with each step she felt as if her strength was regaining. Now she had to save Casey and escape this damn place together with her, and then they would find the way to strike back and get revenge for Ency and Zetty!

Ten minutes later, the Commanding Drone entered Kraig's private chamber. The Master of The Drone Army was sitting before the large control panel with many displays and buttons. He turned his chair to look at the girl, standing to attention in front of him.

“Speak,’ he ordered.

‘My Master, the mission was accomplished,’ the girl reported. ‘I’ve uploaded the sleeping virus into her computer together with an escape map. She was so naïve to give me the access permission without thinking! From now on, she’s yours.’

‘It was a brilliant idea, sending you to her,’ Kraig laughed, satisfied with this message. ‘She’d rather die than give that permission to me. So, well done, Commanding Drone! When Terranians will flee from the ship, command to return to Kray, our home planet is waiting for us.’

He stood up from the chair and came closer to the girl, patting her cold shiny cheek. ‘Now let’s celebrate our success, which will help us to finally win this war! Prepare for sex mode.’

‘As you wish, Sir’, she replied and obediently unlatched the lower part of her torso armor, covering her crotch. It seemed she would be very busy the entire long flight back to Kray.
