---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: 'Sister''s Mistake 2: Off My Chest'
authors:
- SparkyMira
tags:
- FM
- majick
- spell
- transform
- M2breasts
- forget
- tease
- mast
- hum
- stuck
- FF
- college
- lesbian
- kiss
- fondle
- reveal
- cons
- X
date: 2019-06-04 00:00:00
---

*Inanimate TF - Also, just as a disclaimer, all characters in this story are 18+. Brian is a junior in college (22) and the girls are all high school grads (18).*
story continued from [part one](sistersmistake.html)

#### Part Two

When Hailey came into his room late Sunday night, Brian was expecting her to ask for advice or maybe if he wanted to do something with her since neither of them had classes starting for another week. 
He wasn’t expecting her to to just climb onto his bed and curl up next to him. 
“What’s up sis?” he asked, letting her press into his side. 
Her bright blue eyes caught his own and she smiled. 
“You know I’m headed up to move my stuff into my dorm up at college right?”
Actually no, he had forgotten that her first year of college started next week. He thought she went back the same time as he did. 
She seemed to realize this and poked him in the side, giggling.
“Yeah, Wendy is coming to pick me up in the morning. We are going to be roommates so we decided to just ride up together.”
“Yeah I knew that part Hailey, but that doesn’t explain why you came up here though.”
“Well I won’t be back before you head off to school, so I figured we could watch some movies together now? I’m already packed up so I don’t need to do anything else other than shower in the morning and get dressed.”
Nodding, Brian scooted closer to the headboard, pulling her with him so they could both get a more comfortable position for viewing the screen. 
“Sure sis, you can even pick what we watch.”
The girl on the bed squealed and grabbed the remote from his hand. 
“Oh you are SO going to regret saying that. Love Actually is on Netflix right?”
And so the siblings settled in for their last day of summer spent together, watching romantic comedies until they both fell asleep in a strange position of tangled limbs and blankets. 
And as it typically went, Brian was the first of the pair to awaken when the sunlight began streaming through his curtains. 
Yawning, he noticed the pressure on his body and smiled, he knew Hailey had always been a cuddler when she was younger and that fact still hadn’t changed. Her legs were intertwined with his own and she had claimed his left arm as her pillow. 
She was latched onto his arm like a lifeline and he could feel a small amount of drool dampening the sleeve of his shirt that her head was resting upon. 
He tried to free his arm, but it was wedged against her body too tightly for him to do anything about it without waking Hailey up. Sighing, he tried to do so. 
“Hailey… psst… Hails… time to wake up sis.”
His soft whispers did nothing more than make the girl bury her face deeper into his shoulder and mumble a few words that came out as nothing more than vibrations against his skin. 
He chuckled and lightly shook her shoulder. 
“C’mon sis. Wendy will be here in like two hours and then it’s off to college for you.”
Hailey mumbled something else into his shoulder before looking up at him with bleary, sleepy eyes.
“What was that? Couldn’t hear you through my shoulder.”
“Don’ wanna leave…”
“You know that isn’t true. College is fun! I go back in like three weeks and can’t wait.”
“You don’ got nnythin’ fer three weeks?” 
Her slurred question made him laugh.
“I mean outside of packing and maybe some outings with friends not really. Why?”
He could feel her lips curl upward against his sleeve. 
“I wan’ you ta come with me…”
He looked down into her eyes. 
“Sis you know I can’t go with you to college. Wendy’s car is just big enough for both of you and your bags, plus I would be staying at a hotel off campus either way. You need to get involved with stuff on campus, not drag me around as a crutch.”
She seemed to contemplate this for a moment before humming and looking back at him. 
“Wha’ if you wer’ there but not?” she mumbled again. 
“That doesn’t make sense sis, but anyways time to get up. I’m sure Wendy will be enough of a social jump start without you needing big bro there with you.”
He could see the clear uncertainty in her eyes as he attempted to get up, but that soon turned to a gleaming idea being formed. 
The protest forming on the tip of his tongue never got the chance to reach her ears as a pink glow encompassed the entire bed and Brian felt his entire body tingle with an odd warmth he had never felt before. 
His entire being felt like it was being lifted into the air and compressed before being crammed into a soft and malleable container. Once the compression stopped the warmth remained throughout his body. 
He tried to speak, but as with most times she transformed him in the past, no movement or noise came from whatever her plan required him to be. 
None of his normal mental commands brought about any movement, so he figured he was some type of clothing. And since he was cast in darkness, it was logical to think his new form was beneath the sheets he had been wrapped up in just moments before. 
‘So her plan is to wear me to college? I guess that fixes the whole fitting me in the car thing, but she can’t wear me for three straight weeks, I would smell by then.’
His thoughts were interrupted by a deep sigh emanating from above, he heard it first, but then the sensation of his sister breathing out the shallow yet relaxing breath shook his new form. 
The newest predicament he was in was only solidified as her voice sent vibrations through him.
“There ya’ go… clos’ to my heart an’ I can hav’ you with m’ all tha’ time…” she mumbled quietly as she readjusted the blankets around her. “Don’ wrry. I will connect our minds whn I wake up... I still wan’ talk to ya’.”
‘Oh god… really Hailey? You are that against going somewhere new?’ he thought as the truth set in. 
A flash of light as she rolled over cast a pink tint over his vision, allowing him to note the blankets were not what was blinding him. Instead it was the neon pink tank top his sister was wearing the night before when she came into his room to watch movies. 
His whole body lurched and bounced as she finished rolling over onto her back, letting his new weight settle across her chest - or rather in her chest. The small breaths of his once more sleeping sibling sending small vibrations throughout his being. 
In her sleepy stupor, Hailey had used her magic to place his essence inside of her breasts. The two C-Cup mounds now housing his entire consciousness. 
This was only the third time he had actually been a part of sister despite years of her experimenting on him - the first being as her hair after she cut part of it off and used him as a replacement, and the second as her foot when she was about to run her first track meet on varsity in high school. And at the moment he was really wishing she didn’t move around so much in her sleep. 
His form was constantly shifting with her body, bouncing him back and forth even if just slightly. So when the alarm finally went off, signalling Hailey had about two hours left before Wendy arrived, he was relieved. 
The sleeping teen threw the covers off and sat up quickly, making Brian bounce again within her top. 
“Ugh… thank you for being the best brother ever and setting an alarm before you left Bry… you are a saint.”
Her sleepy rant sent a chill through his new body. 
‘And she doesn’t know what she did to me. Great, this is like the panty thing all over again.’
Brian bounced with each step Hailey took back to her room even if he was trying to still himself. 
Hailey meanwhile didn’t seem to notice the war going on within her, instead just scratching her head and yawning as she entered her room and began undressing. 
Thanks to his countless stints as pieces of her wardrobe, Brian was essentially immune to the sight of his sister nude. Though as she tossed her tank into the hamper where her shorts went just prior, he couldn’t help but stare at her chest as it moved with the flow of her body. 
‘God, knowing I’m her boobs and seeing myself in the mirror from that perspective are two very different things.’ 
His sister paid no mind to his mental plight, plowing straight on into the bathroom after setting out an outfit for the trip. Turning on the shower, she stepped into the warm spray and began washing herself. 
When he was her hair, Brian was a large part of her daily routine. He was washed, dryed, straightened, styled, and every other thing under the sun. All of it being oddly enjoyable seeing as he was nothing more than her hair at that point. 
But being a part of her actual body she washed with care? It felt immensely different from what he was expecting with even experience as her foot under his belt. 
When she first lathered him with soap, he felt an even more intense warmth course through his form, making him feel uncomfortably hot but also really good. The tingles her hands sent up his nonexistent spine felt incredible, especially when she kneaded the two parts of his being together. 
About halfway through the wash, he could tell the heat inside of him wasn’t his own, rather it was Hailey’s arousal. Which made him dryly chuckle.
‘Technically I guess that is my arousal too then since I’m a part of her right now…’ he thought.
The shower went on much longer than a normal one should have - even for Hailey. And it was with both great dismay and forced pleasure he felt his sister and therefore his own body prepare for finish. 
Dainty hands clamped on to the nubs sitting on his body, sending immense waves of pleasure through Brian’s entire essence. He felt the shudder and release that followed and couldn’t help the mixed feelings he experienced. 
After her climax, Hailey finished her shower and began toweling off - quickly realizing she had spent more than 45 minutes in the bathroom already. 
As she finished drying her hair and styling it into her normal wild yet controlled look, he could see the moment something clicked in her head. 
Her blue eyes widened and he could see them dart downward, looking at her breasts through the mirror before gasping and dropping the towel. 
One of her hands gently cupped her left breast and the other was busy covering her face. 
“Oh my god. Please tell me that was just me remembering an awful dream and not realizing I turned my brother into my boobs while I was still waking up?”
The look on her face was one of both hope and mortification as her other hand traveled down and cupped the other breast. Both hands glowed a faint pink and her face flushed redder than he had ever seen it.

“Shit, shit, shit, SHIT! I just masturbated with my brother as my boobs. Oh god… someone kill me now. This is like one of those really bad fanfics or stories I read online! I will never live this down…”
Panicking aside, Brian was laughing his metaphorical ass off. His little sister had just scarred herself for life in the most unique way possible and despite being involved, he couldn’t stop laughing.

“Okay! Worry about this later, fix part of it now.” She snapped her fingers and Brian felt a small tingle nip at his mind. “Brian… I am soooooooooooooooo sorry.”
“I have to admit sis, that is not how I expected my morning to go, but at least you recognized it within a few hours this time.”
“I know. And I am so sorry again! I should have noticed by how sensitive my breasts were since I woke up… but well I thought they were just tender, not housing my brother.”
He chuckled. “Yeah, I originally thought you turned me into something like a shirt, but you said some stuff and then rolled over to go back to sleep and I put two and two together.”
She shook her head. 
“I am such an idiot… but I’m not going to lie. You are making my breasts feel amazing. Like, I know they haven’t changed in weight, but they feel lighter somehow and really sensitive…” she punctuated that by flicking one of her nipples. 
What followed was a deep moan from her and a yelled “HEY!” from Brian.
“See. If I did that normally I wouldn’t feel anything… but anyways time to get you turned back.”
“Sounds good, especially since you need to leave in like twenty minutes.”
That made Hailey stop and swiftly look over at the clock on her wall, then over to the clothes on her bed, and finally back to the mirror with an odd look on her face. 
“Hey Brian… I have a really big favor to ask.”
“Uhm… sure Hails, what is it?” she hardly ever asked favors unless it was dier.
“I still need to get dressed, and do my makeup, and then we need to load everything up… that will take a lot of time and energy, and my powers take a lot out of me when it comes to transforming things, and I feel really good right now…” 
He could see where this was going.
“Fine Hailey.”
Her rambling cut off and she smiled.
“Really?!”
“Just tell me what you need from me.”
“Well… I am going to keep you as my boobs. Not permanently of course! Just for today’s trip… and tomorrow… and maybe until I can come back home on Friday?”
Brian sighed, that would mean spending a full week as his sister’s breasts while she attended her first week of college. 
“... I suppose there isn’t an easier way that won’t leave you catatonic for the rest of today. Fine. But you have to turn me back ASAP. This is a lot different then what I am used to…” 
“Thanks Bry! You are the best, I promise to make it up to you once you are back to normal. I would hug you right now, but… well I can still do this!”
He wasn’t ready for her to squeeze her nipples, bringing another moan from her lips or the surprised wave of pleasure that immediately swept over him. 
“Trust me when I say I will try to make your ride with me as pleasant as I can. Now… I am going to silence you and link our minds so we can still talk without cluing Wendy in on the whole thing okay?”
A small hum of agreement led to another tingle in his mind as his form of communication shifted. 
‘So how does it feel knowing you got your way, even if it is in a weird sense?’ he thought at her. 
“I mean… it IS really weird, and I am a little put off that I masturbated with you like this… but I do get the company I wanted and I feel 10 times more energized right now. So I can deal with it.”
Brian went silent and focused on adapting to the constant motion of his form as Hailey walked. She bent over the bed and grabbed her underwear. 
“Hopefully being inside a bra makes this whole thing a little better for you. I know you won’t be able to see, but I bet constantly jiggling about is driving you crazy.”
She worked him inside of the cups and fastened it behind her, securing her breasts tightly within the fabric. 
As she bent down to put on the matching panties, Brian was relieved to find that - while he was constricted in sight - the constant movement was relegated to a few little bounces. 
‘Yeah, the pressure is bearable and the movement is much better. Thanks.’
Hailey just giggled as she pulled up her skinny jeans. 
“Never thought my brother would be thankful to be inside of a bra, but hey, crazy loves company.” 
The two laughed for a moment as she finished her outfit with a longsleeved shirt that effectively blotted out the remainder of light from Brian’s vision. 
“Okay! All I need to do is put my face on and then wait for Wendy. Keep talking to me if you want Bry, but I am going to practice listening and not responding since this will be a thing for a week.”
‘Sure thing Hailey.’
And so as Hailey went about finishing her routine, neither side speaking as they tried to settle into the temporary status quo. 
It wasn’t until Wendy arrived that things picked back up. 
The busty blonde knocked on the door and surprised Brian with how sultry she sounded when it was just the two girls around - that she could tell. 
“Hey there good looking, you seem pretty upbeat today.”
Wendy pulled Hailey into a tight hug, unknowingly smashing Brian into her own breasts. 
‘Ugh… I assume this is going to be a reoccurring thing?” he asked, but received no response. 
“Oh you know it, I mean, we get to move in together for the first time, and my parents can’t do anything about it!”
After greeting her, Hailey leaned forward and captured the blonde’s lips in a deep embrace. He could only see the bottom of their chins, but the motions indicated a very sensual liplock. 
‘Oh… so that’s what you’ve been doing at Wendy’s when you stay over. Neat.’

He could feel Hailey shut down her laugh at his comment before breaking off the kiss. She smiled to Hailey and stepped back. 
“Why don’t we get a move on? Brian helped me pack up and move my stuff down here before he left.”
‘More like before you packed me away…’ he thought, which earned him a light pinch that his sister disguised as adjusting her top. 
“Man, I wish my prick of brother was even half as good to me as Brian is to you… You are so lucky.”
If Brian was capable he would have blushed, but as he was, he could only bounce lightly as the duo loaded up Wendy’s car. 
“Oh trust me I know. We are as close as can be, sometimes even more so than I think most people could achieve.”
‘Nice subtlety there sis. I’m sure she won’t think you are implying something now.”
Despite his thought, Wendy just giggled and finished loading the bags in her trunk. The two girls piled into the car and prepared for the three hour drive. 
As she buckled in and watched Wendy finish loading the bags in, Hailey adjusted her top again and whispered down to Brian. 
“Yeah, we were actually planning on making out in front of you when she came and picked me up just to see your reaction. Looks like you were a bit closer than we intended though.”
‘Pfft, why is it me that you two need to torment? Can’t I just be a normal brother for once.”
Hailey scoffed and let the seatbelt hit her chest. 
“Not on your life Bry.”
Their conversation was halted once Wendy stepped into the car and they started down the road. Which put Brian into another predicament as he bounced along with the car. 
‘You owe me bigtime for this…’ he thought after one particularly bumpy stretch. 
Hailey did her best to stabilize her chest as she and Wendy talked or sang all the way to their University. 
The two girls pulled all of their luggage out and stacked it into one of the provided push carts, shoving it into the very well worn room that they would be inhabiting for the better part of a year. 
“I call top bunk!” Wendy yelled as she dropped her purse and leaped up onto the unclaimed twin mattress that set atop the rickety mess of a bunk bed. 
Following suit, Hailey smirked and leapt up after her, pinning the blonde to the bare bed beneath her. 
“And I call top.”
The words were spoken in a very sensual tone as the two teens met in the middle and smashed their lips together. Tongues fought for dominance as they passionately kissed for minutes until they split, both panting for air. 
“Oh I can’t wait to do that more often…” Hailey moaned as Wendy teasingly dragged her knee up from her crotch. 
“Trust me babe, you’ll get more than that tonight.”
Suddenly feeling odd, Brian was relieved when Hailey slid off the bed and the girls began unpacking and making the room feel like home. 
‘I swear to all that is good in the world Hails, if I end up as a part of my little sister’s first romp in her college dorm I will ignore you for the next month.’
His comment was ignored in favor of conversation with the other human in the room and an eventual trip to school’s cafeteria. 
Following their brief dinner and some minor introductions to a few of their new peers, the pair made it back to the dorm instead of attending the first freshman event taking place late into that evening. 
“Hey babe, I know we probably could get in a lot of trouble for this… but Carol gave us a going away present.”
With a sly grin, Wendy reached under her desk and pulled out a full bottle of red wine. 
“God bless Carol!” Hailey cheered as they popped the bottle open. 
‘No! No drinking! You can’t control yourself under the inf-’ he felt his thoughts echo within his own mind as Hailey discreetly placed a glowing finger to her breasts and silenced him. 
“I don’t need my boobs talking me down from an awesome night… I will make it all up to you tomorrow…” she whispered before taking a long swig. 
Brian was left to watch as the night devolved into small giggle fits and long passionate looks as the bottle slowly drained. 
It wasn’t long before Wendy made the first move, sliding over from her position to take one straddling his sister. 
“You know… we have like an hour before the other freshman get back in… and a bed to break in…”
Those words were whispered into Hailey’s ear and were followed by a vicious attack on her lips. 
The two women collided and writhed against each other on the floor, battling for oral dominance as hands started roaming around bodies. 
Breaking for air, the pair remained joined at the hip, but slid onto the light blue sheets of Hailey’s bunk, Wendy ensuring her top position and quickly unbuttoning the disheveled blouse she was wearing.

The articles of clothing began coming off faster and faster with each meeting of their mouths. First the shirts and pants, followed by the socks and accessories. 
When the searching eyes of Wendy found nothing but lust in Hailey’s big blue orbs she reached down, slowly unclasping Brian’s fabric carrier, letting the breasts flow free. 
Now that he could see more than the odd strand of the outside world, he could make out the extremely flushed nature and lustful eyes of his sister’s friend - imagining a matching expression on his sibling as the other bra fell away. 
“You wanna know somethin’ secret Wendy?” 
That was the extremely slurred voice of Hailey speaking as she stretched back and grabbed both of Wendy’s hands. 
Guiding the appendages, Hailey pressed them against her breasts so that her lover was cupping one in each palm. As such, Brian knew what was coming, but silenced as he was he could not protest. 
“Bry and I were watchin’ movies last night since I had to leave this mornin’ and we ended up being all snuggled up all night. It was real nice… but when I woke up he was gone!” 
Wendy looked lost, but Hailey continued. 
“SO naturally I thought he jus’ left early ta do stuff and went about my normal morning routine. Picked out that super sexy outfit, made sure I was all packed up, and then got in tha shower… but I started washin’ and my boobs were feeling real sensitive...”
Brian gasped as Wendy gave his form a quick squeeze and Hailey moaned in response before resuming. 
“Exactly! So I did that, and played around and got off like I normally would… but it felt even better than normal. And then while I was drying my hair I realized I had turned Brian into my boobs while I was still waking up!”
‘Damnit Hailey…’ he thought as Wendy went wide eyed and stared down at the breasts cupped in her hands. 
“No way! I thought you could only do clothes n’ stuff like that!”
Hailey seemed a little proud of how red she made Wendy’s face as she quickly removed her hands from where they were seconds before. 
“Gross babe! We just almost…” her eyes widened as she locked eyes with her girlfriend again. 
“What? Had sex while my brother is my boobs? News flash girl, Bry is literally just the object he is turned into. Right now he is just boobs, he feels and can think, but nothing else.”
As she said that, she snaked her hands up and dragged Wendy’s hands back down to cup her breasts again. Leaning up to her ear, she dropped one final bomb. 
“Plus… my pleasure is his pleasure. So why don’t we give him a feel of how girls really do it?”
That was the last straw for Wendy as she dove back in and captured Hailey in another kiss. 
‘Sorry Bry… I’ll fix it later…’ the sister said to her brother, but got no response. 
Instead all she could feel was extra warmth and slight tingle as her brother was absorbed into the passionate movement of her body.
