---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/stowaway.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Stowaway
authors:
- W.C. Bound
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- cuffs
- gag
- susp
- mum
- wrap
- cons
- X
date: 2008-02-12 00:00:00
---

The night air felt good. There was a warm breeze blowing lazily. As I stood there with my eyes closed, I imagined myself on a remote beach in the Florida Keys. I was watching a beautiful sunset and hoping to catch the elusive green flash. Unfortunately, reality all too quickly intruded when the gas pump nozzle clunked off. I squeezed the handle a few more times to get the dollar amount up to a nice, round number. I pulled the nozzle out, put it back into the pump, and went inside to pay. It was one of those one stop gas, shop, eat, drink, and be merry convenience centers you find at the end of nearly every freeway exit ramp.

I was the only one in the place, probably due to the late hour. I smiled weakly at the cashier. She was a teenager, with hair dyed the color of a Granny Smith apple, and piercings aplenty. She was unimpressed with my smile. I could tell because she never actually saw it. She punched a few buttons on the register, took the cash I offered, and gave me my change. All this was done with one hand, and without her eyes ever leaving the copy of The National Enquirer in her other hand.

I pushed the door open and walked back out to my van. It was time to get back on the road. My weekend in Chicago visiting friends had been great, but I was anxious to get home and sleep in my own bed. I climbed in, buckled up, and started my faithful four-wheeled companion. I headed for the entrance ramp to I-94 eastbound. A few more hours and I would be safely back home in Michigan.

I decided to find a radio station to help pass the time, and help keep me awake. Just as I reached over to turn the radio on, a female voice said from behind me, “I prefer country.”

Needless to say, this scared the living hell out of me!! It’s a good thing it was late at night with not much traffic, because I ended up swerving into another lane! I quickly regained control of my van, and then my composure. A young woman came forward and slid into the passenger seat. In the dim lighting, I could make out a pretty face, auburn hair, and a petite, athletic body.

"So, what's a nice girl like you doing in a van like this?" I made a lame attempt at some humor.

She cracked a smile and said, "I'm looking for an adventure, and you are the best prospect, by far."

"Best prospect?! How do you know I'm not some half crazed sexual deviant that will tie you up, rape and torture you for a few hours, kill you, and then dump your naked body in some swamp?"

"I was hoping to avoid the whole torture and killing part, if you don't mind!"

Not being completely stupid, I immediately steered the conversation down the suggested path.

"Ah! Interested in a little bondage, are we? You chose my van to sneak into because of the handcuffs hanging from the rearview mirror!"

"You got me! Literally! Now, what would you like to do with me," she asked, with a sexy little grin on her face.

I took the handcuff key off my keyring and handed it to her. "Take the handcuffs down from the rearview mirror, hand me back the key, and put them on."

She did as I requested, choosing to put them on behind her back. I asked her to pull her seat belt out as far as she could. She did a pretty good job with her hands cuffed behind her. I was able to reach over while driving and buckle her in. This held her somewhat securely in place in the passenger seat.

"How's that for starters? I'm afraid there isn't much more to be done while I'm driving, and I'd prefer not to stop for awhile. Now, please tell me a little about yourself. It would be nice to at least have a name to address you with! "

She squirmed around in her seat a little, both to test her situation and to get more comfortable. "My name is Cat."

"It's a real pleasure to make your acquaintance, Cat! My name is Ike. Just a couple more questions, if you don't mind," I said.

"OK, shoot!" she replied.

"How old are you, and why take such a huge risk?"

"Don't worry, you aren't breaking any laws! I'm over 18," she said, with a giggle! "Why am I doing this? All my life I've been such a 'good girl'! For once in my safe, ordinary existence I wanted to walk on the wild side! I'm going to be a senior in college, and I don't have any good stories to tell my girlfriends!"

"Last question, at least for now. How did you get interested in bondage? Your boyfriend tie you up a few times?

"No, I've never trusted my boyfriends to tie me up. I've never dated anyone that seriously. I'm not a virgin, but my experience is rather limited."
Cat sat quietly for awhile after bravely making that statement. I decided not to press her any further. After a few minutes, she started talking again.
"I played all the usual childhood games with the neighborhood kids while I was growing up. I always tried to be the one who got tied up, the damsel in distress. Once I grew older and discovered the Internet, I found there was a whole world of bondage out there!"

I could see that Cat was getting excited. She was finally talking to somebody about her big secret.

"Have you tried any self-bondage?" I asked.

"I was too afraid of being caught. One weekend last year at college, when my roommate went home, I finally found the courage. I used some duct tape and a pair of handcuffs. I read on the Internet to freeze the key in an ice cube. That way you have to wait until it melts to get free! I froze my key in a small paper cup half full of water, then I set it on the desk right next to a post of the loft in my dorm room. I gagged myself with quite a few strips of tape, then I wrapped the rest of the roll around me and the post."

Cat was obviously enjoying telling me her story. She was wiggling and tugging the entire time as she was talking! She was quite animated despite the handcuffs and seat belt!

"I almost chickened out! I put the handcuffs on one wrist, but got scared as I was fitting them around the other. I let it slip off and waited for a bit. I was thinking how embarrassing it would be if someone found me! It slowly dawned on me that no one would be looking for me. My roommate was in another state, and I had told my few other college friends that I was going home for the weekend too. There was nothing to be afraid of! So, I went for it! I grabbed the open cuff, put it around my wrist, and squeezed it shut!"

"You were finally bound for real," I commented.

"Yes! I struggled a little at first, just to let the feeling sink in. After a few minutes I panicked, and really gave it all I had to get free! Once I realized that I wasn't going anywhere, I calmed down. I really freaked out twice after that though! Once, the phone rang, and it was my mom! She left a message on the answering machine. If she only knew why I didn't answer the phone!"

Cat giggled some more, then quickly continued. She was on a roll and wasn't going to stop!

"The second time was when somebody knocked on my door! They went away fairly quickly, but I totally panicked! I struggled as hard as I could! I was totally blown away when I had an orgasm! It left me as limp as a cooked noodle. I didn't know that could happen without sex! Anyway, if I hadn't been taped to the post, I wouldn't have been able to stand up! The ice didn't melt for almost two hours! It took forever, but was over way too soon, all at the same time! The tape held me really well, I didn't even come close to escaping!"

"Did you have much trouble getting free?"

"No! Once I had the key, I was out of the cuffs in a jiffy. Peeling off all the tape took me quite a while though! There were a few times I'd wished I hadn't used quite so much!"

While Cat was telling her story, I 'd noticed there was a rest area coming up. I reached the exit just about as she was finishing. I slowed and pulled off into the rest area. I drove almost all the way through, and parked in an inconspicuous space far from the building and the lights.

"I think it's time for your adventure to begin in earnest," I said to Cat. I reached over and unbuckled her safety belt. "Please go sit on the bench seat in the back."

She did as I asked while I dug into the emergency kit I kept in a storage bin under that same seat. I found what I wanted and put the bin back.

"Guess what I always carry in my vehicles, just in case?" I asked Cat.

"Duct tape," she said, as I held up the roll I had just retrieved.

"I'm going to use the facilities, and I would like to insure you are here when I return. Please turn around so I can remove the handcuffs and make you a little more secure!"

Once again, she did as I asked, with no reluctance. I unlocked the cuffs and set them aside. In their place, I wrapped the roll of tape around her wrists a few times, then tore it off. Next, I wrapped the tape around her arms and torso, above and below her breasts. I finished by wrapping around her legs at the ankles, knees, and thighs.

"I think that should hold you for a little while!"

"Probably longer than a little while," she mused, while testing her bondage.

"One last thing..." I said, as I removed her running shoes.

"Why are you doing that?" Cat asked.

"I need these," I explained, holding up the cotton tube socks I had just removed from her feet.

"What do you want those for?"

"You'll see! Well, actually, you won't see!"

I took one of the socks and placed it over her eyes, then put a few strips of tape over it to hold it in place.

"Hey! I've never been blindfolded before! I'm not sure about this! You aren't going to leave me alone like this, are you? What happ... uurrmmpphh!"

I balled the other sock, stuffed it in Cat's mouth, and quickly covered it with numerous strips of tape. She didn't resist at first, but shook her head vigorously once I was done. It was a futile gesture. I grabbed her bound ankles and lifted them onto the seat, revealing her newly bare feet.

"Are you ticklish, Cat?" I asked, then lightly stroked the soles of her feet with my fingers. She squealed into her gag, shook her head wildly, and tried her best to wriggle away from my grasp.

"I'll take that as a yes!" I tickled her feet a few more times, until she was breathing heavily, then let go.

"I'm going now, I'll be back in just a few minutes!" She shook her head no a few times, and mewed in protest.

"You'll be OK, there's no one left in the parking lot but us," I reassured her.

I opened a side door and stepped out of the van. I turned back to finally get a good look at Cat, now that the interior lights of the van were on. She was indeed a beautiful young woman! She was wearing a purple ladies t-shirt that was probably a size or two too small. It revealed a slash of bare midriff, and just the right amount of cleavage for her build. It also fit so tight that it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her jeans were snug, and of the low rise style that was popular with all the young girls. They too, were revealing, I could see a purple thong peeking out over the waistband. She reminded me of Shania Twain, Cat's face and hair were startlingly similar! She wasn't quite as curvaceous as Shania, though. Not that I was complaining!

I closed the door and walked over to the welcome center. I used the men's room, then bought a bottle of water from a vending machine. I was a little thirsty, and I knew Cat would want something to drink when I eventually removed her gag. I walked back to the van and climbed in through the side door. I hadn't been gone long, but Cat had obviously been struggling because she was now sitting on the floor of the van.

"Get a good workout?" I asked mischievously.

"Mmmhhmmm," accompanied by a nodding of her head.

"Are you OK?"

"Mmmhhmm," with more nodding.

"Let's get you back up on the seat where it's more comfortable!"

I squatted down, scooped Cat up, and set her on the bench seat. I couldn't resist tickling her feet just a little bit more. It was obvious she was enjoying herself, her nipples were protruding prominently. I lightly brushed across one with the backs of my fingers. Cat jerked away in surprise at first, but then leaned back towards me and hummed inquisitively. I brushed my fingers against her other nipple and received more humming. Next, I rubbed her left nipple with my thumb, then her right. She moaned with pleasure. I used both hands and gently massaged her nipples and breasts. Cat continued to make pleasurable noises. I was getting aroused too, but it was too soon for that. I had the feeling there would be plenty of other opportunities soon enough.

"Time to go! If we park here too long, we're liable to attract unwanted attention," I told her.

Cat shook her head vigorously and howled, "Oooohhh!" She wasn't pleased with my decision to stop what I was doing. I sat her up straight in the middle of the seat, and fastened a seat belt around her. Then I climbed into my driver's seat, started the van, and headed back onto the Interstate. I spent more time looking in my rearview mirror than I did looking at the road for the next few miles. I was glad it was late and the traffic was very light. Cat seemed to be doing good. She was still struggling occasionally, but only half-heartedly. She would turn her head towards whatever noises she could make out, but mostly she rode along quietly.

After about an hour, and crossing into Michigan, I saw a sign advertising a 24 hour superstore at an upcoming exit. The wheels began turning, so I decided to get off the highway again. I pulled into the parking lot and stopped immediately, as far from the store and bright lights as I could. Cat noticed that we had stopped moving, and hummed inquisitively into her gag. I unbuckled, moved quickly into the rear of the van, and removed Cat's blindfold and gag.

"Wow! Let's do that some more!" she exclaimed, after I had the gag off.

"Oh, we will! I just want to do a little shopping first. Let me get the rest of the tape off, and we'll go pick up a few things to make your next bondage more enjoyable."

I handed her the water bottle and she took a good long drink. I got the tape off and helped her put her shoes back on, minus the now discarded socks. We went into the store, and I headed straight for the hardware department. Cat headed for the restrooms, and to get a new pair of socks. I picked up a 100' bundle of 1/4" cotton rope, and more duct tape. My next stop was the pet department, where I picked up a couple more things. I grabbed one more thing on impulse as I was headed to the registers.

Cat found me just as I was choosing a cashier. She had a pair of new socks, plus she had been shopping in lingerie! The cashier must have been a bondage fan too, because she gave me a knowing wink and lascivious smile as I paid. I was tempted to ask her to join us, because she was cute, but decided not to get greedy. She bagged our purchases, and Cat and I headed back out to my van.

When we reached the van, Cat asked, "Will you wait out here for a minute? I want to put on what I bought."

I eagerly agreed, and used the time to assemble the red nylon dog collar and red rubber chew toy into an improvised ball-gag. The nubbly rubber ball already had holes in it, but I removed the little jingle bell before threading the collar through it. I also cut the rope into several shorter lengths.
Shortly after I finished, Cat rapped on the window. I opened a side door and climbed in. Cat had chosen simply, but well. She was wearing a matching set of white cotton halter top and boy shorts. She was incredibly sexy! I wanted to ravish her right then and there, but it was still too soon.

"You look fantastic," I exclaimed!

"Thanks," she said somewhat shyly, then perked right up and asked, "What do you have in store for me now?"

"I thought I would give you a way to entertain yourself while I'm driving," I answered.

"How are you going to do that?"

"Are you sure you want to find out? The bondage I have in mind is strict. I'm betting you've never been tied up this tight before."

"Bring it on," Cat said enthusiastically!

I quickly had ropes cinched in place around her ankles, knees, and wrists.

"How flexible are you?" I asked, as I loosely wound another piece of rope around her arms, just above her elbows.

"I don't know," Cat said, "I've never really been tested."

"OK. Just let me know if this hurts too much, and I'll stop."

I fed the ends of the doubled strands through the loop on the other end, and took up all the slack. I wound the long ends around her elbows one more time, then started pulling things tight. Cat never made a sound as I slowly pulled her elbows closer and closer together. When they were almost touching, I cinched and knotted the ropes.

"You're OK? That's not too tight?"

"Maybe a little, but I think it's just because I've never had them tied before. Is this all you're going to do?"

"No! I have a couple more ropes to add. You sure you're game?"

"The best is yet to come, right?" she asked hopefully.

"You're gonna love it, trust me!"

I took a short length of rope and attached it to her already bound knees. I then had Cat lay face down on the bench seat. I pulled the ends of the rope tied to her knees up to her wrists, wrapped it around, pulled it tight and knotted it. This pulled Cat into a tight hogtie. She grunted a little as I was knotting the ropes, but didn't say anything more. It was time for my piece de resistance! I took a long length of rope, doubled it, and wound it around her waist twice. I tied a knot in front, and wrapped the long ends I had left down through her crotch, making sure of the proper placement, and back up to the waist rope in the back. I tucked them under those ropes and continued with them up and over the ropes binding her elbows.
I reached for her feet, and bent her legs until her heels were touching her bound wrists. I tied the ends of the long rope to her ankle ropes, finishing the bondage.

"There," I exalted! "Let's see you get out of that!"

Cat gasped when I first placed the crotch rope. Now she discovered what I meant when I told her she could entertain herself. The instant she started struggling, it pulled the rope deeper inside her and stimulated an already aroused g-spot. She immediately groaned with pleasure!

"We can't have you making too much noise! You might attract unwanted attention! It's time for your gag!"

"What is that?" Cat asked, as I pulled out the improvised ball-gag.

"Surely you've seen ball-gags while surfing the Internet! Well, this is the best I could do on short notice. Open up!"

Cat cooperated, so I pushed the ball into her mouth, then quickly buckled the straps snugly behind her head. She immediately tested the gag by trying to push it out of her mouth. It didn't budge. Then, she chewed it a little to get it as comfortable as possible. As I turned to head for the driver's seat, Cat tried to say something. From her inflection, it sounded like she was asking for something. I turned back to her and she repeated it.

"Llinnoll?"

"You want to be blindfolded again?"

"Uhhuh!" accompanied by a nodding of her head.

I dug into the bag from the store one last time to get the long, black scarf I'd picked up, as I had passed through the ladies' department on my way to checkout. I folded it into a long strip and tied it tightly over Cat's eyes.

"Do you like that?"

"Uhhuh!"

On the road again! This trip home was taking more time than usual, but I definitely didn't mind! After about 45 minutes, one Interstate change, I-94 to I-69, and at least 3 orgasms, it was obvious that Cat had had enough of her tight hogtie. Her moans, groans, growls and howls turned into grunts, whines, and whimpers. I turned off at the next exit, and pulled into the parking lot of a truck stop. I parked as far from the lights and buildings as I dared, without being too conspicuous. I unbuckled, and climbed into the back of the van.

I untied the long hogtie crotch rope from around Cat's ankles and her elbows, but left it tied around her waist. I also untied the rope from her wrists to her knees. She groaned with relief as she straightened out her legs! I untied one last rope, the one around her elbows. I then helped her to sit up, and used the long rope still tied around her waist to make a body harness to keep her arms pinned to her torso. She whined a little in protest, but didn't fight me. I sat on the seat next to Cat, removed her gag, but left her blindfold. Then, I gave her a drink of water. I put my hands on her shoulders, turned her towards me, and kissed her passionately on the lips.

She was briefly surprised, but almost immediately responded just as passionately, and soon we were playing a spirited game of tonsil hockey! Cat leaned into me and rubbed her breasts against me as we continued to kiss. When we came up for air, I once again began kneading and massaging her breasts and rock hard nipples through her sweat soaked, thin cotton bra. Cat started panting heavily and pleading, "So close, so close, please, please, please!!"

She thrust her hips towards me, continuing to plead. I squeezed my hand between her bound legs as best I could, let my fingers do the walking, and brought Cat to a last, long, loud, squirming, shaking, shuddering climax! She collapsed against me, completely exhausted. I took off her blindfold and kissed her gently on the forehead.

"I think you've had enough," I said, as I untied the remaining ropes. "Why don't you change back into your clothes, then come ride up front with me for awhile."

"OK," Cat replied. "Would you mind giving me a minute?"

I climbed out of the side door to give Cat some privacy. We had been almost as intimate as you can get, but she still wasn't quite ready for me to see her completely naked. I walked around to the driver's side, opened the door, and climbed into my seat, once I could see her sitting in the passenger seat.

"I don't want to be completely untied. Would it be OK if I wore the handcuffs again?" Cat said.

"If that's what you want!" I answered.

She took the handcuffs down from the mirror, and put them on, this time with her hands in front. She pulled out her seatbelt, then I took it from her and buckled it over her arms and body. It was time to get back on the highway! I wasn't far from home, and was anxious to get there. I was worn out from the trip, and the long day that had preceded it. Before we started moving, I reached over and pulled the lever that let Cat's seat back recline. She made herself more comfortable once we were on the Interstate, and was asleep almost immediately.

I put the pedal to the metal, and the last miles passed quickly. There was a faint glow on the horizon as I pulled the van into my garage. I couldn't wait to get some sleep! It now being Saturday, at least there was no alarm in my near future! I unbuckled Cat's belt before climbing out my door. I walked around the van and opened the passenger door. I picked her up, carried her inside, and laid her down on my couch. She barely stirred through the whole trip! I really had put her through the wringer! I grabbed a spare blanket from the hall closet and threw it over her. I made a quick stop in the bathroom, then crawled under my own covers and slipped into oblivion.

I awoke to the sound of the shower running in my master bathroom. It confused me for a moment, then the events of the trip home came back in a rush. Cat was obviously awake and in my shower. I had resisted temptation while on the road, but now was the perfect time! I quietly slid open the door to the bathroom and crept in. I was puzzled by the pair of scissors on the counter, and the scraps of purple cloth in the trash. The sound of the running shower drowned out any sound I made, so I was able to walk right into the shower stall and put my hands on Cat's hips. She jumped, and screamed in surprise! She also jingled a bit, because she was still wearing the handcuffs! I had completely forgotten to take them off the night before when I carried her into the house! That explained the scraps of purple cloth. Cat had cut off her t-shirt in order to take a shower.

"Good morning!" I said. "Sleep well?"

For a brief instant, she tried to cover up, but it was impossible for her to do while wearing the handcuffs, so she gave up. Then, she held out her hands. "Where is the key? Do you know how hard it is to take a shower wearing these things?"

"It is on my keyring, which is in the pocket of my khakis, which are laying on the floor of my bedroom, which is where I tossed them as I was climbing into bed last night. I will go get it after we finish our shower."

"After??!!" Cat questioned, "How am I supposed use the soap and shampoo?"

"You aren't going to!"

"Oh," she replied, then "Ohhhh!" as it dawned on her what that might entail. Cat was easily the most attractive woman I'd ever had the good fortune to be intimate with. Just looking at her standing there, naked, soaking wet, and wearing handcuffs, I quickly became aroused.

"I was beginning to wonder," she said, after spying my erection. "You had so many opportunities last night to take advantage of me, and you didn't. I thought that maybe you didn't think I was sexy, or maybe there was something physically wrong with you, or that maybe you were gay."

"None of the above! I just wanted to let you have your 'adventure' first. I didn't want it to be about me. I also didn't want to 'take' you. I wanted it to be something you wanted to do."

"Oh, I do want to!" Cat said, as she put her cuffed hands over my head, around my neck, and pulled me close to her. We kissed again, much the same as the night before, and one thing led to another.

It got a bit awkward at times because of the handcuffs, but it did make it a bit more interesting too. We eventually got around to using the soap and shampoo. It saved me having to get the handcuff key, because Cat actually managed to slip out of them after she was lathered up and properly 'motivated'. When we were finally clean, we dried off and went into my bedroom. I took care of my dirty clothes from the day before, and put on some jeans and a t-shirt. Cat retrieved her jeans from the bathroom and put them on.

"Have you got something I could wear?"

She was standing framed in the doorway, topless, and wearing her tight jeans. It was all I could to not throw her down on the bed and go at it some more! I stared for a few seconds more, then I grabbed a black t-shirt out of my dresser, and tossed it to her.

"Can you make do with this for a little while? I thought we might go do some shopping for you, and grab some lunch."

I'm not exactly a big guy myself, but Cat was lost in my t-shirt. I thought for a second, and remembered how I'd seen the waitresses at a famous restaurant chain wear their tops. I retrieved the scissors from the bathroom and cut it shorter. I gathered the excess material, and tied a knot with it near her left hip. Cat checked herself in the mirror in the bathroom.

"Nice work, Ike!"

"Thank you! I figure it will do until we can find you a few things in your proper size."

Back to the familiar confines of my trusty van! We hit the drive-thru of Cat's favorite fast-food joint for lunch, then headed for the local mall. We parked and wandered inside. Cat headed straight for one of those trendy shops where all the young people buy their clothes. I'd never been in one, so I tagged along. She picked out a couple pair of jeans, and some more tight little tops similar to the now destroyed purple one in my bathroom trash basket. I offered to pay, but she used her own credit card. We exited the store and I noticed a well-known lingerie store farther down the mall. I took Cat's arm and steered her in that direction. I stopped her in front of the store, waved her in with a flourish, and said, "It's on me!"

"Really?" she asked. "I've never shopped here before, even though I always secretly wanted to!"

Cat picked out a couple of sets of new underwear, and I mentally made note of her sizes. 34B on top, and size 7-8 on the bottom. I very much approved of her preference for thongs. She wandered over to check out all the bath and body stuff. While she was preoccupied with that, I quickly picked out a sexy little green teddy, and a black PVC bra and panty set.. I dashed to the cashier and paid for them before Cat noticed.
I wandered up behind her just as she was giving up on all the smelly stuff.

"Ready to go?"

"Yes. Thanks for letting me shop here!"

As we headed for the cashier, Cat realized I was already carrying a bag.

"Hey! You already bought some stuff! How did you do that?"

"I'm sneaky!" I said, with a grin.

"What did you get?"

"It's a surprise for you, but you'll find out soon enough!"

I paid for her choices, and we wandered through the mall for a little while longer.

"Cat, how long is your 'adventure' going to last?"

"I've got a couple more days to spare. My parents think I left a week early to go back to college. My car is sitting in the parking lot of the motel, right next to the gas and go where I stowed away in your van. I was hoping you could give me a ride back."

"I can make some time to do that," I replied cheerfully.

"Can I ask you a question?" Cat said.

"You just did," I said, being a smartass.

"C'mon, seriously!"

"OK, go ahead!"

"Where did you learn about bondage? I really enjoyed last night! I want to try more!" she said, enthusiastically.

"I have spent plenty of time on the Internet, much like yourself, plus I had the great good fortune to have a relationship with a submissive woman. She was willing to try almost any kind of bondage I could think of! Unfortunately, she got more into the head games that go with being truly submissive. I've always just been a bondage lover. So, things didn't work out over the long haul."

"Is there anything you'd like to try on me? I know I'm a novice, but I'm ready, willing, and able," Cat declared!

"I'm more interested in what you want. There must be a few things you've seen and are curious about. Here's your big chance! Tell me the one bondage position you are just aching to try!"

"Actually, I have two! One isn't really a position, just a goal. I would like to be tied so that I can't move at all. My other fantasy is to be mummified, from head to toe. I tried to do that with my self-bondage, and I loved how that felt."

"Turning you into a mummy shouldn't be difficult. I should have everything we'll need at home. I'm going to have to give your other request a little thought, but I'm sure I can come up with something," I said to Cat.

We left the mall, got into the van, and drove back to my house. It was a short trip, and I was pondering Cat's request. She was obviously preoccupied with her thoughts, so it was a quiet trip too. Once we were inside the house, I told Cat that I knew how I wanted to tie her so that she couldn't move. I was going to put her in a ball-tie, and I was going to use a lot of rope and string. I wanted to do this bondage on my king-size bed. It would allow her the most comfort, plus I wouldn't have to go far for all the equipment I was going to use. I kept my toy box stored under my bed.

"Why don't you go pick something out of the bag from the lingerie store, and come into the bedroom when you're ready," I suggested.

Cat grabbed the bag and hurried into the master bathroom. While she was getting ready, so was I. I pulled out my container of bondage equipment from under the bed, and mentally sorted out what I thought I was going to need. Cat came back in wearing one of the sets of underwear she had picked out. It was a purple bra and matching thong. I made another mental note that her favorite color seemed to be purple. She looked incredible! I was tempted to skip the bondage, but there would be plenty of time for that later.

She hopped onto the bed, and I set to work. I tied and cinched ankles, wrists, and elbows. I positioned her in the middle of the bed and got serious. I took my longest length of rope and found the middle. I asked Cat to sit and pull her knees up to her chest. I took the long rope and put the middle of it behind her knees. I put the ends over each of her shoulders, crossed them behind her back, pulled them under her armpits and back behind her knees again. I got behind her, put the ends over her shoulders again, and pulled. Cat grunted a bit as I welded her knees to her chest. I wrapped under her armpits again, then around the outside of her legs, and back around behind her back. I went under her bicep with each opposing end, up and over her elbow bondage, and back under her forearms. "X marks the spot," I thought, looking at the ropes crossing over her tightly bound elbows. I wrapped around her legs and body a couple more times, finishing by wrapping around her entirely at the ankles, hips, and wrists. This pinned her arms to her body nicely, leaving Cat only able to wiggle her head, hands, and feet.

"Very nice, and very tight," Cat commented. "This is just what I asked for!"

"I'm not quite finished."

"What is there left for you to do? I can't move a muscle!"

"I see some body parts still thrashing about! I'm going to put an end to that too!"

I tied and cinched around the arches on her feet, and used some string to tie and cinch her big toes together. Next, I had Cat put her hands in prayer position, then I wrapped around her palms and tied a knot, leaving some extra rope free. I grabbed a roll of duct tape and tore off 5 short pieces. I wrapped one of these around each sets of her fingers and her thumbs. Last, I took the loose ends from her hands, tucked them underneath her ass, and tied them to the ropes around her insoles. These little touches eliminated almost all movement of Cat's hand and feet. Only one thing left to do!

"Holy cow, you weren't kidding! Now I can't move at all!"

"I'm not done yet! You're still talking and shaking your head. We can't have that!"

"These should do the trick!" I said, as I dug out a spandex hood and head harness ball-gag.

"Looks like a good gag, but how can you stop me from moving my head?"

"That's for me to know, and you to find out!" I teased. I pulled the hood over her head, and smoothed it into place.

"Open wide," I commanded. Cat immediately obeyed. I fitted the ball into her mouth and fastened the straps under her chin and behind her head tightly.

Cat started shaking and nodding her head and said teasingly, "Nah, nah, nah ,na, na, nah."

I grabbed one last piece of rope, stood up on the bed, and tied it off to a ring I had installed in the ceiling. I kneeled down and threaded the other end of the rope through the D-ring on the top of the harness gag. I stood up again, fed the rope through the ceiling ring, pulled it taught, and knotted it off. Cat's head was now in an upright position and held there. I had fulfilled her wish! She was completely and tightly bound, unable to move.

"There you go! I think I'll give you a little time alone to see how you like being motionless. Have fun!"

Cat mewled in protest. I could see her trying her best to move something, but not having any success. I had a little surprise in store for her. I retrieved my video camera from the closet and quietly taped her. I left her bound like that for about 30 minutes. I only recorded for a few of those minutes, Cat really couldn't move, and I got bored looking through the camera. I couldn't take it much longer!

"Had enough?" I asked her, as I got undressed.

"Mmmmhhhmmm," was her reply.

I started untying her, the rope from the gag to the ceiling first. Next came the ropes around her palms and arches, then the string around her big toes. The ropes pinning her into a ball were last. Cat stretched and moaned once she was free of those. I untied her ankles, but left her arms tied, and the hood and gag on. I was hard almost as soon as I started tying her, and I just couldn't last any longer! She made these incredible noises as I caressed her breasts and slid my hand between her legs. I found Cat was more than ready, so I quickly peeled off her thong. I made her lay face down on the bed, then I kneeled between her legs and pulled her hips up, so I could take her from behind.

After many minutes of thrusting, bucking, grunting, and squealing, we both came to powerful climaxes! I removed the gag and hood as quickly as I could, then speedily cut Cat free of her remaining bindings. She took off her bra once she was free, and then we lay naked together on the bed. I rested for a few moments, then got up and connected the video camera to the TV. Cat's eyes were glued to the screen.

"So that's what I look like," she exclaimed! "I felt like I was moving, but I really wasn't, was I? That was an awesome bondage! It's too bad you didn't get us together on tape. I've never done that before, tied or untied."

"Keep watching, your wish is my command!"

I pressed a button on the remote to fast forward to the next scene. It wasn't exactly Oscar material, since the camera was just sitting on my dresser, but there we were, going at it on the big screen. Once again, Cat was fascinated! She watched in rapt attention as I returned to the bed next to her. She watched until the very end, and then turned her full attention to me. Watching the video had obviously started her motor running again! I didn't think I could go another round, but Cat just wasn't going to take 'no' for an answer! It probably helped that she did most of the work. I laid back and enjoyed the view, as she settled down onto me and gyrated until we both climaxed once again.

Cat lay spent, cuddled against me, on the bed for awhile. We fell asleep that way, and napped until dinner time. I didn't have much food in the house, so we decided to venture out to eat. We took a quick shower together, without any further shenanigans, and dressed casual. Cat put on more new undies, and some of the new clothes she purchased as well. I grabbed a pair of jeans and a purple polo shirt.

"Nice," Cat commented!

"Right back atcha! Do you like Mexican?"

"Yes! I especially like fajitas," she answered.

"Good! My favorite place to eat is just down the road."

We climbed into the van and headed for my favorite Mexican joint a few miles away. Once we were parked, I removed the handcuffs from the rearview and made a request of Cat. "How about wearing these like a bracelet? Put both cuffs on one wrist?"

She grinned, took them from me, and clicked them on. "I think they go well with my eyes," she teased!

Once inside, we enjoyed a nice evening. We drank sangria, and the food was first rate. Cat ate voraciously, she obviously needed refueling after all the physical activity of the past 24 hours. I noticed all the heads turn to watch her as we made our way out. Word had made it's way around about the attractive young woman with the handcuffs on her wrist. I just smiled and waved as we walked out the door. I suggested a movie and Cat agreed, so I headed for the nearest theatre. We checked the listings once we were inside, and found a movie we could both agree on. It was a buddy movie with some action, some comedy, and some romance. We both got something to drink, found the right screen, and sat down in the back row. I got the key to the handcuffs, and unlocked one of them. Cat assumed I was taking them off, but she was wrong! I quickly pulled on the open cuff and snapped it closed on her other wrist. She started to protest, but I kissed her before she could say anything.

"Be a good girl, and you'll be rewarded when we get home," I whispered in her ear, "Besides, no one can see you here in the dark anyway."

The movie was entertaining, and we were even rewarded with a damsel in distress bondage scene. When it was over, we waited until almost everyone had left, then made our way to the exit that went directly outside. A teenage couple followed us out, and I could hear him whisper something to his girlfriend about Cat's handcuffs that made her giggle. I held the door for them and said as they passed, "You ought to get a pair for yourselves! You'd be amazed at how much fun you can have!"

He laughed and said, "That's just what I was trying to tell her!" His girlfriend just blushed and giggled some more.

I caught up to Cat and opened the van door for her. I went around to my side and got in. Traffic was light, so we made it back to the house in good time. The handcuffs came off and were left hanging in the van. We headed straight for the bedroom. I pulled the black teddy out of the shopping bag from earlier in the day, and asked her to try it on. While she was doing that, I set the video camera on the dresser again and turned it on. Cat was incredibly hot in the new teddy! I pulled my toybox out again, and dug into it. There were a few leather items that I wanted to use. I chose a single glove, Sweet Gwen hood, and a pair of padded leather ankle cuffs. Cat saw the single glove and immediately put her arms behind her back.

" I've seen pictures of one of those, and I've always been curious to try one! How does it go on?"

I slipped the glove on her arms, put the straps over her shoulders, crossed them in front, fed them back through the buckles on the glove under her arms, then pulled them snug and buckled them.

"So that's how! I don't think I could get loose, but it doesn't feel very tight. Is that the way it's supposed to be?"

"I'm not done yet! I still have to pull on the laces. That will make it tighter," I told her, and proceeded to do just that. Once I was done, her arms were almost touching from wrist to elbow.

"Much better! What's next?" Cat asked.

"These," I said, as I buckled on the ankle cuffs. I then picked up an open padlock and fed the hasp through the rings on the ankle cuffs. I pulled the lock, making Cat bend her knees, and attached it to the ring on the end of the single glove. This move put her into a hog-tie.

"It's time for an interesting gag! Are you ready?"

"What are going to do?"

"Open wide," I requested.

Cat did as I asked, and I pushed a rubber racquet ball into her mouth. It required a little persuasion, as racquet balls are bigger than the usual sponge rubber balls used for ball-gags. I quickly followed the ball with the hood. It covered her head, except for her nose and eyes. I laced it closed as tight as I dared, preventing Cat from spitting out the ball.

"All finished! That should keep you occupied for a while. I have a couple of phone calls to make, I'll be back in a few minutes to see how good an escape artist you are."

Cat immediately started to struggle and make unintelligible noises, but I knew she wasn't going anywhere. I left the room for a few minutes, sorted through the days mail, and glanced at the day's headlines in the newspaper. I went back in to find she had moved around on the bed quite a bit, but was still bound the way I left her. I couldn't help myself and climbed onto the bed to play with her. I tickled, licked, and caressed her for quite awhile, making both of us crazy with arousal and anticipation. I finally had enough of that, and quickly stripped down. I unlocked the cuffs from the single glove, but left Cat bound and gagged.

I laid down on my back and helped her to her knees. I unsnapped the crotch of her teddy, and she immediately took me into her. I helped Cat with her balance a few times, but she rode me for all she was worth! Once again, after a few minutes effort, we climaxed together, and she collapsed onto my chest. I reached up and unlaced the hood, then removed it and the racquet ball. Cat worked her jaw for a bit, then proceeded to kiss me enthusiastically. While this was going on, I unlaced the single glove, undid the straps, and helped her out of it.

She sat back up and stretched her arms above her head. Cat then peeled off the teddy and showed me that magnificent body again. I pulled her back down to me, then rolled us over so that she was on the bottom. I paid very close attention to her breasts, and occasionally ran a hand down between her legs. It took me a few minutes to recharge, but once I was 'up' for it, I climbed aboard and exhausted us both. We lay naked beside each other for awhile, catching our breath.

"I thought I would take you back to your car tomorrow night. I'd like to leave here early in the evening. Traffic should be light on a Sunday night. I'll call in to work with some lame excuse on Monday."

"So soon?" Cat whined.

"I think people might notice if you disappear for an entire week. It's either tomorrow or next weekend. I don't think you want to have to explain where you've been, right?"

"Yes, you're right," she said disappointedly. "I just didn't expect to get this lucky!"

"Glad to be of service! We do still have plenty of time, you know! I do think I've had enough for tonight, though!"

"Not me! I want to be tied up some more," Cat demanded!

"Just remember, you asked for it!"

I put the leather items back into my toybox, and took out a few coils of rope. I started at Cat's ankles and worked my way up. I tied and cinched them, then above and below her knees, then around her upper thighs as well. I took out more rope and tied her wrists. Cat winced a little as I made her elbows touch before tying and cinching them, but she didn't complain any further. Next was a rope harness around her breasts and upper torso, pinning her arms tightly to her body. Lastly, I added a crotch rope and connected it to her wrists. I gagged Cat with a balled up pair of my old athletic socks. I stuffed her mouth almost to overflowing, then covered it with numerous strips of duct tape. A couple more strips and she was blindfolded as well.

"How's that?"

Cat's answer came out muffled and unintelligible. As I watched her struggle on the bed, I had a sudden inspiration! I got one more long piece of rope out of the toybox. I stood on the bed and fed it through the ring in the ceiling. I tied one end of it to Cat's ankle ropes, then I pulled on the other end.

"Ayyy!" Cat exclaimed, as I slowly pulled her up off the bed. Once she was completely in the air, I tied the rope off to the bed frame. I watched her dangling there for a moment, then retrieved the video camera from the dresser and walked around the room, thoroughly documenting Cat's predicament from every angle. I set the camera back on the dresser and left it on.

"I'm going to go take a long, hot shower. I'll let you down when I get back."

"Nnnooooohhh," Cat protested, shaking her head and struggling as best she could.

"Yes, I am," I told her, and I swatted her lightly on the ass before leaving the room. I showered quickly and came back into the bedroom just in time. Cat's struggles were being rewarded. The crotch rope had obviously been put to good use, and she was in the midst of an orgasm. Her scream was muffled by the gag while her entire body tensed. She stayed that way for quite a few seconds, then relaxed completely and hung limp in her bondage.

"Had enough now?" I asked her.

"Uhhuh," accompanied by a nod .

I untied the rope from the bed frame, and carefully lowered Cat back down onto the bed. I untied all the ropes, starting with her ankles and moving up, saving the blindfold for last. After I untied her, Cat wobbled into the bathroom. I replaced everything we had used back in the toybox, climbed into bed, and turned on the TV. After a long, hot shower, Cat came back and climbed into bed next to me. I gave her a kiss on the cheek, and she went to sleep almost immediately. I finished watching Sportscenter, turned everything off, and went to sleep too. I awoke to wonderful smells coming from somewhere in my house. I investigated and found Cat in the kitchen cooking us breakfast.

"I hope you like French toast!"

"One of my favorites. Are you an accomplished cook?"

"Nah! There are just a handful of things I know how to cook. Mostly breakfast stuff since I was the early riser in the family."

I was shortly thereafter served a breakfast of French toast with a side of bacon. I got my own glass of V8 juice to go with. Cat looked quite fetching working in the kitchen wearing one of my t-shirts.

"Anything you want to do today?" I asked her.

"I think I'd like to be tied up some more!"

"You haven't gotten your fill yet?"

"I still haven't been mummified!"

"I thought I would save that for your trip home."

"We still have a few hours before we have to leave. Got any ideas to fill that time? I don't want any of my adventure to go to waste!"

"Let me think about it while I eat this delicious breakfast you've worked so hard on. I'm sure I can come up with something!"

We ate together in silence. We were obviously both very hungry, as all the food Cat prepared disappeared in short order.

"I'll clean up since you cooked. There is a shiny black set of undies still in the bag from the lingerie store. Why don't you go see how well they fit? I have an idea that should fill some of the time you have left before we need to take you home."

Cat was back in just a couple of minutes, wearing the PVC set. She looked HOT in the matching demi bra and boy shorts!

"I'm ready for more! What do you have in mind?"

"I want to make things interesting! How would you like to be in bondage together?"

"Sounds fun! How can we both be tied? How do we get free?" Cat asked excitedly.

"You'll see as we go along," I replied.

I moved one of my ladder back dining room chairs to a place in front of the TV in the den, where I also had a line of sight across the hall into the master bedroom. I set up a TV tray next to it, in order to have a place to set some of the things we would need to complete the mutual bondage session. My next move was to gather the items I wanted from my toybox, and place them on the TV tray. Once I was done with that, I went into my bedroom and changed into a white t-shirt and boxer briefs. I hoped it was something that Cat would find sexy.

"It's about time you put on something sexy," she teased, when she saw me.

"I'm glad you approve! There is one more thing I have to do, and then we can get started."

I went to the freezer in the kitchen, and removed a special ice cube. I took it into the bedroom, and used the trailing piece of string to tie it to the ring in the ceiling above the bed. I quickly grabbed a bath towel, folded it, and placed it on the bed to soak up the soon to be dripping water.

"OK. let's see how much you have learned this weekend," I said to Cat. I went into the den, turned on the TV, chose a channel I liked, then sat in the dining room chair. "OK, now it's your turn. go pick out some rope from the toybox, and come back and tie me to the chair. Use as much as you like, however you like, but you can't tie my hands."

I watched as Cat retrieved some coils of rope and came back. Just watching her move about in the PVC lingerie was making me aroused! I cooperated with whatever requests she made, and soon found myself tightly bound to the chair. My legs were tied apart to each of the front chair legs. There was rope around the chair seat and my thighs. There were numerous turns around my torso and the back of the chair, and even some over each shoulder. Cat had obviously learned well over the last day or so.

"How did I do?"

"I'm not going anywhere any time soon! I think it would be difficult to get loose right now, even with my hands free! But now it's your turn!"

I picked up a pair of padded leather cuffs connected together with a padlock. "Please put these on around your ankles," I requested.

Cat sat on the floor, and did as I asked.

"Please lift your legs up and put your feet in my lap, so I can check 'em."

I pulled each one one notch tighter, just to insure they wouldn't slip off.

"It's time for the single glove again! Will you kneel down next to me so I can put it on?"

Cat moved into position quickly, and I soon had her arms snugly and securely bound.

"One last thing, and then we'll begin. Hold still while I put this on."

I picked up the leather hood from beside me, and pulled it in place over Cat's head. The only openings in the hood were two grommet holes under her nose so she could breathe. She would be unable to see a thing, and hearing and speaking would be difficult.

"Once I've got this hood on tight, I'm going to put on a pair of handcuffs. The keys for them are hanging above the bed in an ice cube. It will be about an hour or so before they fall. You are going to have to bring them to me, once they do, so we can get untied. I will give you directions to help you do that. Until then, you are on your own. Just don't wander away too far and lose your bearings. Think you can handle it?"

Cat nodded in agreement. I buckled the collar around her neck and did the laces up as tight as they would go. The hood fit almost like a second skin. "Can you breathe OK?" I asked.

"Mmmmhhmmm," she replied, while nodding in agreement again.

"OK, I'm going to put on the cuffs. This is your last chance to back out. Still want to go through with it? I'm game if you are!"

Cat didn't even hesitate. She nodded her head vigorously up and down. I picked up the pair of handcuffs from the TV tray and locked one cuff around my right wrist. I then wiggled around enough to put my right arm through the rungs of the chair back behind me. With quite a bit more effort, I got my left arm behind me as well. I tucked the loose handcuff under the ropes wrapped around my waist and the chair back, and squeezed it shut around my left wrist. I wasn't going anywhere without a key.

"I hope you are good at picking up stuff with your toes!"

I had made it very difficult for Cat to get the keys. She couldn't use her mouth because of the hood, and the glove would prevent her grabbing anything with her hands. I hoped that I hadn't been overzealous, or it could be a long time before we were free. The time passed quickly for me until the keys dropped. Of course, I had the option of watching TV. I preferred to watch Cat. She shuffled about the den, testing her bondage and her mobility. She was incredibly sexy, especially with her arms pulled behind her! I heard, rather than saw, the keys fall on the bed. I quickly turned my head for visual confirmation. Yup, they were indeed laying on the towel in the middle of the bed!

"It's time for you to go to work!" I shouted at Cat. She jumped in surprise, and started to lose her balance! I held my breath while she struggled to remain on her feet. She stumbled, but remained upright, leaning against the nearby wall. I gasped in relief!

"Sorry!" I said, a bit more quietly this time. "Are you ready to go after the keys?"

Cat nodded in the affirmative. She reached the bed rather quickly, following my directions. She sat down, fell over onto her side, and picked her feet up onto the bed. It was interesting to watch as she felt aroundwith her feet to find the keys. It didn't take her long. I was very surprised when she rather easily picked them up, then flung them onto the floor! Cat then sat up on the bed, squirmed over to the edge,and got back to her feet.
I could just barely see them near the doorway in the bedroom. I gave her more directions, and she hopped over to them in short order. Cat then pushed them in front of her, as she shuffled slowly back to me. It took some time, but she was eventually standing next to me with the keys at her feet.

I waited briefly before giving Cat anymore directions, wondering if she would figure it out on her own. She eased down onto her knees, then flopped over onto her left side. I directed her to the keys again. She picked them up with her toes, and then they were in my hands! Lots of practice allowed me to be free of the handcuffs in just a few seconds. I helped Cat back to her knees and began removing the hood. Once it was off, she took a few deep breaths, and blinked her eyes for a bit.

"Wow! I'm glad to have that off! I like gags and blindfolds, but that hood is something else entirely!" Cat said. "Now how about getting this glove off too!"

She turned around so I could reach the laces and straps of the single glove. I loosened everything as quick as I could, and peeled it off. She then sat down, braced herself, and put her feet in my lap. I removed the last of her bindings by unbuckling the ankle cuffs.

"I'm really curious! Since I had that damn hood on, I didn't get to see how you were bound. Would you please do it again so I can see?" Cat requested.

"Your wish is my command!" With that, I picked up the handcuffs and repeated the earlier movements that left me securely bound to the chair.

"You really are tied tight to that chair, aren't you?" Cat asked.

"Yes ma'am! Not going anywhere without the keys to the cuffs! Now would you be so kind as to give them to me again?"

Cat giggled gleefully, and picked up the leather hood. "I don't think so! Now it's your turn to be stuck in this thing for a while!"

Quick as her namesake, she pulled the hood over my head and starting pulling on the laces. Before I knew it, she had them tied off and the collar buckled. I wondered just what she had in mind. I found out very quickly as I felt her hands begin to wander all over my bound body. She teased me in many different ways over the next several minutes, including climbing onto my lap and grinding away until I thought I was going to explode!

"Had enough?" Cat asked.

I nodded vigorously!

"Good! Because I've finally had enough bondage! I just want to go at it like a couple of dogs in heat!"

Cat unlocked the handcuffs, and untied me from the chair. The hood was the last thing to come off, and that was only after she had led me back to the master bedroom, and pushed me onto the bed. We were both tired from our bondage escapades, but somehow found the energy for a highly satisfying session of lovemaking! After a nap and a shower, it was already late afternoon!

"How about we grab some dinner, then take you back to your car," I suggested.

"OK," Cat said, "But what about the mummification?"

"Still want to do that, eh? I thought you had enough bondage."

"What can I say? The nap and shower have reinvigorated me!"

"Fine with me!"

I went into the bedroom and packed a small bag with everything I planned to use for Cat's last bondage. I brought a second, empty bag as well.
"Take this bag, and go pack all the new clothes you've acquired this weekend. You can mail it back when you're done with it. I'll be in the van waiting for you."

I went out to the garage and got into the van using the side doors. I folded down the rear bench seat so it was flat. I then settled into the driver's seat just in time to see Cat coming out of the house. She got into the passenger seat, buckled up, and we hit the road. After driving for a couple of hours, I pulled into a favorite truck stop of mine. I parked far from the building, hoping for a little privacy. We went in and ate dinner, then came back to the van.

"Are you ready for your last bondage," I asked Cat.

"It's about time," she replied enthusiastically!

We climbed into the rear of the van. "You need to strip down, I don't want to ruin any of your clothes with the tape."

Cat quickly stripped down to just her thong. I handed her one pair of XL pantyhose, and instructed her to put them on and pull them up as far as possible. I took another pair and cut a hole in the crotch. Cat put an arm in each leg of the second pair of hose, and her head through the hole I made. Her entire body was now covered in nylon, and she was ready for her mummification. I retrieved one of the many rolls of vet wrap I had in the bag I had brought from home. I asked Cat to put her hands together, palm to palm, behind her back. I proceeded to cover them from wrist to elbow, making her forearms touch. Next, I covered her torso. I worked my way from her shoulders down to her hips, pinning her arms tightly to her body. I made sure to completely encase her hands as well, to ensure that she wouldn't be easily escaping anytime soon. Cat's legs were next. I used a few more rolls to pin them together, starting at her hips and moving down. I encased her feet just like I had her hands, just to give her the full effect.

"How's that?" I asked.

"Feels great," was her enthusiastic reply.

"Do you want me to continue?"

"Of course! It's what I've been fantasizing about!"

I used my last couple of rolls, and carefully wrapped up Cat's head. She could breathe easily through her nose, but everything else was covered. Her mummification was complete! I returned to the driver's seat, and headed back out onto the highway. I checked the rearview often, watching Cat struggle helplessly. I had been thorough, wrapping her tightly and heavily. She really was unable to move very much.

Traffic was light, so I was able to cruise right along. I tried not to exceed the speed limit by much, as I really didn't want to get pulled over. I didn't think a police officer would be very understanding about my passenger. It didn't take much more than another two hours to get back to where I had picked up Cat just a couple of nights ago. I found her car in the motel parking lot, right where she told me it would be. I parked next to it, then climbed into the back of the van to check on her.

"You're home! How about I just leave you like this and put you in your car?"

A lot of noises, and a little head shaking, quickly followed my teasing.

"Are you enjoying your mummyness? Is it what you thought it would be?"

More noises, plus some head nodding. An obvious affirmative to both questions.

"Glad to hear it! I'm not quite done with you yet, though."

I pulled my bandage scissors from my bag, and started cutting Cat's legs free. I cut away everything up to her hips, including the pantyhose. I brushed my hand against her thong just as I cut away the last of the bindings and discovered that Cat was already highly aroused! Seeing as I was in a similar state, I pulled said thong quickly down her legs and tossed it aside! I teased her first for a little while, fondling her to the brink, then stopping. When I knew she couldn't stand it much more, I propped her on the seat with her ass up in the air, slid my jeans and boxer briefs down, and entered her from behind.

Cat quickly began moaning and shuddering. I continued to thrust away, causing more orgasms. I held off as long as I could, trying to pleasure her as much as possible, before coming myself. I picked up the scissors and finished cutting her free. I carefully removed her head wrappings, then gave her a passionate kiss before she could say anything.

"WOW!" Cat blurted out, after I had kissed her. "That was incredible! I love being mummified! It lasted just about the right amount of time though, I was beginning to get a little crazy being immobile and isolated for so long."

"I'm glad you liked it," I replied. "I thought you looked fantastic! It was all I could do to keep driving! There were a couple of times I nearly pulled over so I could come and have my way with you! "

I fell silent and ran my eyes all over Cat. I realized that this might very well be the last time I would ever have the pleasure of seeing her naked. I wasn't sure quite what to do next. It had been an amazing weekend, but I knew that a relationship wasn't in the cards.

"Damn, am I going to have some stories to tell this year," Cat exclaimed, as she gathered her clothes and began to get dressed.

"When you've run out of good stuff to tell your girl friends, give me a call and we can make more," I offered.

Cat finished dressing, so I opened the van door and we both climbed out.

"I will probably take you up on that offer," Cat said. "If I can get my dorm room all to myself some weekend, I'm sure we can put the loft to good use." She hugged me tightly, then gave me one last kiss. I gave her a business card out of my wallet, one of the few I carry that also has my home information written on it as well.

"You are welcome to call or write anytime! I'll be looking forward to it," I told her.

Cat climbed into her car, buckled her belt, started it up, and began to drive away. She waved and yelled "Thank you" as she pulled out into the road and disappeared from sight. I stood there for a minute, feeling sad that Cat was gone, but incredibly lucky that she had chosen me, and for the weekend I had just experienced. Finally, I climbed into the van and headed for home.

As I crossed the state border back into Michigan, I remembered the trip I had made only a couple of nights ago, and I got off at the same exit as I had before. I pulled into the same store Cat and I had stopped at previously for supplies. It was almost the same time of night as well. I went straight to the hardware department, and quickly found what I wanted. I carried my choices as I wandered along the line of registers, looking for a familiar face. I was in luck! I got into her line and waited my turn.

I studied her as I waited my turn in line. She was very attractive, with long, straight, black hair, and green eyes. Her curves hinted at a good body too, but it was hard to tell with the ill-fitting work shirt she was required to wear.

"Hello again," she said, and she smiled beautifully!

"Hello to you too....Betty," I said, as I read her name tag. I did my best to return her smile, but I was sure mine couldn't compare.

"I see you're buying a lot of tape tonight," she said, as she passed the multipacks of electrical tape and duct tape over her scanner. "You must be pretty handy with the stuff."

"I can be quite imaginative in their usage," I replied, "Would you like to see?"

"Yes, I believe I would," Betty said, followed by a mischievous grin and a knowing wink. "It just so happens that you are my last customer for tonight! Would you walk a girl out?"

"It would be my pleasure!"

Betty turned off her register, locked it, and put the closed sign on her aisle. We walked together towards the door to the parking lot. I just couldn't help myself, I had to ask!

"Your last name wouldn't happen to be Page, would it?"
