---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tan Lines 4
authors:
- Jo
tags:
- F/f
- M+/f
- D/s
- bond
- chain
- foot
- enslave
- sub
- collar
- club
- bdsm
- whip
- tease
- torment
- cons
- X
date: 2013-08-23 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**Tan Lines 3**](tanlines3.html))

**Part 4: Epilogue**

"But what do I do with her?"

"I'm sure you'll think of something."

"Uh, where are we going? You told her we had to leave soon."

"Yes. We're going out."

I wait for an explanation. None comes.

Okay, so he's back in Master mode.

"Uh, Sir? What mode am I in? I mean, you're really messing with my head here."

Ted chuckles.

"Sorry. Just making things up as I go along. Since she's in service mode, I'm in Master mode."

"What about me?"

"Did I use your slave name or call you 'slave'?"

"No."

Oookay

He takes a sip.

"She's collared. I own her. I've given her to you. It's just like the car. It's yours, you're responsible for it, but the title is in my name."

"So she's truly collared."

"Yes. It was a condition of hers. She wanted to be collared so I'd have final say as to who her next owner would be."

"You mean she might go all emotional?"

"Exactly. She's a lifestyle sub without an owner and you know a good owner is as rare as hen's teeth. She's afraid she'd jump at the first guy to come along."

"But she doesn't wear a collar."

"Neither do you."

"No. Oh, wait! The ring? The engagement ring? She said she had a boyfriend, I figured she was engaged."

"Kind of a talisman, if you will, keep the horn dogs at bay."

"Oh, by the way, you didn't answer my question."

"I know. I'm working on it. I don't know how this will work out. I think it's best if you stay in wife mode when I'm around. Let her see that the D/s thing isn't always about whips and chains."

"You're both collared, but you'd be what? Senior slave? And you've been in domme mode with her. And, as I said, she essentially belongs to you. So as for my tone, it's meant for her. Keep her in slave mode or service mode. In fact I suggest service mode most of the time."

"I thought service mode was boring for the bottom and tedious for the top, micromanaging her and all."

"It is, but that's the price you pay for having a sub of your own. Besides, and this is just an impression, she would be miserable in wife mode. She needs a more, er, intense experience."

"But what about-"

"Slave!"

"Yes, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir."

"That's okay, Celeste. I've given you as much information as I have. How you keep her is up to you."

"Okay."

Ginny comes out of the bathroom wearing a mint green, knit, halter-top minidress. It clings to her curves and it's blatantly obvious she wears no underwear. She comes into the living room and drops to her knees.

"Do we have reservations someplace or do we have time for another drink?"

Ted looks at his watch.

"Well, we didn't beat the crowd, so it really doesn't matter now."

"I'm sorry, Master. I didn't-"

"Here," he says handing her his glass. "Two vodkas. Short ones. We're going to have to wait for a table."

"Yes, Master."

"Have something for yourself. There's wine and vodka and there's a selection of mini-bottles in a box in the back of the cupboard. That way if we have guests we can supply them with pretty much anything they want. Help yourself."

"Yes, Master. Thank you, Master."

Ginny pads out of the room and I can't take my eyes off her ass. Firm with just enough jiggle.

"Thoughts of spanking come to mind."

"Huh? Oh! Heh heh, sorry. Yeah. Uh, can I make a suggestion?"

"Shoot."

"How about a tween mode? Not slave, not service. That way she learns to be attentive and I don't have to keep on her."

Ted shrugs.

"That's up to you. But, now you mention it, that seems like a good idea."

"What about play time?"

"Not when she's around."

"I meant with her."

"Not when I'm around."

"What about a slave name? Have you given her one?"

"You're Italian. I figured schiava would be appropriate."

"Ah."

Ginny comes back with the drinks. Hers is clear and I catch a hint of juniper. Gin.

"Master tells me he's explained the rules, the modes of behavior, and whatnot."

"Yes Ma'am."

"And he's given you a slave name, schiava."

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Well, starting now, that is your name - your only name. Virginia doesn't exist except on your driver's license. Speaking of which, you'll give me your wallet. No ID, no credit cards. I'll give you an allowance."

"But what about-"

I wave my hand.

"We'll work out the details tomorrow, your class schedule, your work schedule, all that. For now, there is no wife mode, slave mode, or service mode. In, for lack of a better word, schiava mode you'll be attentive and take initiative to see that Master's and my needs are met just as in slave mode, but, like service mode, you do nothing without permission. If you notice something that needs attention, you ask permission first. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am. I think so."

Ted dumps his drink into mine.

"I'm not in a vodka mood and I just realized it's darts night at the pub. I'm not really hungry, but they have a happy-hour buffet."

He bends and kisses me.

I say, "schiava, door."

She sets her drink down and jumps up, gets the door. Then she's back kneeling at my feet as before.

"Would you like to worship my feet?"

She gives me a quizzical look.

"What's the first rule?"

"Honesty, Ma'am."

"Correct. Except when I use the word 'like'. When I ask you if you would like something the only correct answer is 'Yes, may I please...'"

"Yes, Ma'am. May I please worship your feet."

"Yes, schiava."

She bends to my foot, removes my shoe.

"It would be appropriate to thank me for the privilege."

"Yes, Ma'am. Thank you, Ma'am."

It's awkward. Like a girl during her first kiss. All lips and tongue and no idea about how to use them. But it makes me smile, seeing her there.

"Just kiss, schiava. You'll learn to make love to my feet in due course, but for now just kiss and stroke them."

"Yes, Ma'am."

After a while I uncross my legs and recross them, present my other foot. She pulls off my shoe and puts her lips to work again.

It's the first thing I do with any new sub. Foot worship seems to put them in the proper frame of mind.

I sip my drink, trying to come up with a plan, trying to envision a way to use her in my scene play. It would add a new dimension, for sure. It's one thing for a low-life subbie to be topped by me, but what about being topped by another sub? Would that add an extra layer of humiliation?

Take a naked guy, gag him, strap him to the rack, and let her do a number on him. Would it work for him? Probably. Would it work for her or would it just mess with her head?

And what about sex? She's straight, but forcing her into girl-girl scenes has its uses. Hell! It's already had an effect on me! Having her these past few weeks seems to have opened a door... or maybe a portal. The thought makes me grin. Her lips on my foot makes me wet.

"That's enough."

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Listen, we need to be clear on the 'like' rule. Asking you if you would like something is just a way for me to give you an order without actually giving you one. But it has to be those three, exact words: would you like. Otherwise, the first rule applies. Got it?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Good. I don't feel like going out. Do you like pizza?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Any particular kind?"

"No, Ma'am."

"schiava, I don't want to play 20 questions. When I ask a question I want a full answer."

"Yes, Ma'am. It really doesn't matter. Given my druthers I lean to pizza with everything. I tell myself that the veggies negate the bad stuff in the bread and the meats."

"Fine. The number is on the fridge, order what you want, naked cheese, or all the way. I'm good with either and anything in between. Surprise me. Take a twenty out of my wallet. Tip 'em three bucks."

"Yes, Ma'am."

I go into the bedroom, strip, and pull on my robe. In the bathroom I stare at myself in the mirror.

"What the hell are you going to do with her?"

The shower is warm and long and as I caress myself several tasty things come to mind.

\*\*\*

Ginny follows me on a leash. I open the door to one of the private rooms in the back of the club. There are about a dozen people there arranged in a semi-circle around Stephan and Ted. We step in and someone closes and locks the door behind me. I remove Ginny's cloak and hand the leash to Ted. Naked, Ginny kneels. I expect some words, not a speech, but something. Yet he says nothing, simply unfastens Ginny's collar and steps aside.

I've spent time with Stephan. (Always Stephan, never, ever Steph.) Stephan is something of a professional Dom. Subs can approach him, but he only accepts lifestyle subs and while you're with him there are no rules except his.

The first time I visited him was shortly after Ted collared me. He opened the door, said hello, used my private slave name. I stepped into the room and stripped nervously. I'd never been naked with a man before Ted. But I stripped and hung my clothes on hooks by the door. Also on the hooks were sets of steel cuffs. He fastened a pair to my wrists, a second, connected by a short length of chain, to my ankles. He pointed at the floor. I knelt. Knelt in service mode, what Ted calls "blink and breath" mode. I do not speak unless spoken to, do nothing unless given specific instructions.

"What is the number one rule?"

"Honesty, Sir."

"And rule number two?"

"Obedience, Sir."

"And what are the conditions?"

"That I am to obey you as I do Master. That you can use me as you please. However, you can't do anything that will leave permanent marks. If things get too, uh, intense I may leave."

"All true except for the last. There are no safe words here. And you will leave when it pleases me to release you. I have Ted's permission on that. You can call him if you like."

"No, Sir. Thank you, Sir."

Well, it was intense. I spent the afternoon kneeling by him in his office while he worked, fetched drinks, but otherwise knelt silently. When he finished he showered, changed into his dom clothes: black leather vest, black kilt, black boots, a wide black leather belt with a whip coiled at his hip.

One of the spare rooms is a dungeon. Actually I think he knocked out the walls between two rooms because it was quite large.

"You don't have to worry about making noise. The place is soundproof. No one will hear you."

"Yes, Sir."

I didn't know if that was meant to reassure me or what.

He worked me over four times, four scenes if you will. None more intense than anything Ted had subjected me to. But four back-to-back took its toll, pushed me to my limit and a bit beyond.

When he was through with me he let me shower and relax for a bit with a glass of wine, then he took me out for dinner. I spent the night as I'd started it - naked and chained.

The second time I'd stayed the weekend. Friday was much like my first visit, Saturday we visited the botanical garden. Saturday night he took me to the club. I was wearing my most sever Domme outfit - except I also wore a collar and Stephan held the leash. I spent the night in service mode. I knelt silently and fetched drinks. I know many of the regulars, topped some of them, so the irony of the situation, the alpha bitch on a leash, wasn't lost on me.

The past year had been something of a challenge. When Ted had given Ginny to me I had plans for her, but plans don't always work out. First, she was going to move in with us, but after she'd given her notice the reality of the situation sank in and it seemed like it would be an intrusion. I couldn't play with Ginny when Ted was around and I couldn't play with Ted when Ginny was around. Thankfully serendipity raised her pretty head. Ted owns a small townhouse and his tenant bailed, lost his job. Ted could have held him to his lease, but it was too good an opportunity to pass up. Ginny moved in, paid HOA fees and insurance, but still saved a bunch of money. Ted lost some rent, but felt it was worth it.

We came up with a loose schedule. There were set times she would spend with us, otherwise she was on her own, but she had no real free time. She came to the salon once a week to be bound and tanned and played with. It wasn't a full session, it was more of an excuse to spend quality time with her. And, bit by bit, the tan lines began to fade. I could call her whenever I wished. Sometimes I'd drop by her place and we'd spend quality time together. I used her in my "act" at the club both as my "victim" and assistant.

It was one of those nights, one where I put her through the wringer, fastening her to the X cross, applying clothespins from armpit to thigh, then whipping them off with a flogger, that the door opened a crack. Back at our table we were having a drink when Stephan wandered by, shook Ted's hand, said hello to me.

"Stephan? Any plans for the evening?"

Whether prearranged or just by intuition Stephan glanced at Ginny, not me, but Ginny.

"No. No I don't."

Ted handed him Ginny's leash and he led her across the room.

"She's been doing nothing but girl-girl stuff for the past couple of months. I figured she'd appreciate a man's company."

I had mixed feelings about that, but, technically, Ginny was his, so there you go.

A couple months later She spent a long weekend with Stephan. It was a week later, a Friday night, when Ginny left the house. House rule is she leaves her phone in the car. She came right back in.

"He wants to see me."

I glanced at Ted who gave a slight nod.

"Sure. When?"

"Tomorrow."

"Okay."

So it started.

Come May we went to the resort, the three of us. but it was pretty obvious Ginny and Stephan were a couple. A group of us do this every year. It's one of those adult, hedonistic places and it lets us act out in public.

And so here we are, the four of us and some friends. Stephan produces a box, opens it. Inside is a metal, mesh choker. It looks like a choker, but it's a collar. I have one like it. A set screw holds it together. It needs an odd driver, without which it can't be removed. On the front are two concentric ovals. The inner is engraved in an elaborate design, into which has been worked Ginny's slave name. Even if you knew it was there it's difficult to make out. The outer oval hinges away to form a ring of sorts.

"By accepting this collar you agree to become my property."

"Yes, Sir."

"You have no say as to how you will be kept, how you will be used. You submit, you obey."

"Yes, Sir."

"If at any time you decide you no longer wish to belong to me you may leave... but only once. If you ask to be freed, it's for keeps."

"Yes, Sir."

Ginny pulls her hair aside. He places the collar around her neck, produces a small tool, and fastens it in place.

"What are you?"

"I'm your slave, your property, if it please you Master. Please keep me and use me for your pleasure."

Stephan helps her to her feet, they embrace, the guests clap and cheer.

I look at Ginny and realize for the first time that the tan lines are gone.

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=539.0)
