---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/sams_diary09.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Sam's Diary 20&21
authors:
- Studbound
tags:
- MF/m
- bondage
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Sam's Diary 17,18&19**](sams_diary08.html))_

_Sam's Diary
by Studbound
Sam's Diary by Studbound_

_Chapter 20 November
28, 2000_

_To My Diary,_

_Since my aunt and Derek started tying me up, I've really discovered
how much I enjoy bondage. I've also discovered that the biggest thrill
is when I'm tied and don't want to be, and can't get free. That happened
back at the end of the school year when I graduated and my aunt and Derek
kept me away from drinking parties. It happened to me again a couple of
days ago._

_Friday after Thanksgiving I was alone at my aunt's house with Julie
who had come over to spend the day with me - supposedly to study. My parents
trust us together alone since they have locked a chastity device (http://www.cb-2000.com)
on me._

_After lunch, Julie was talking about my love of bondage, and she asked
me what my favorite tie-up had been._

_"I think it was when dad tied me to a heavy wooden chair," I said._

_"What did that look like?" she asked._

_"It's hard to describe," I said, "But it was really strict and he kept
me that way for a long time._

_"Show me," she said._

_"What do you mean?" I was puzzled._

_"Well, " she thought, "Tell me what to do and I'll tie you up that way
and I can see what it looked like."_

_"I don't know," I said. "Didn't you see the pictures my aunt showed
you? It's a really difficult and strict tie-up."_

_"You let your soccer friends tie you up in your straitjacket and you've
let me tie you up already," she said. "With you telling me what to do,"
she added, "I'm sure I can do it."_

_After a while, I agreed._

_First I took her into the basement and showed her a chair much like
the one my father had used, then I got the ropes and tape._

_"Were you dressed like that when he tied you?" she asked. (I was then
in my Levi's and a tee shirt.)_

_"No," I said, "I was naked except for a diaper._

_Julie laughed. "A diaper!! You're kidding."_

_"No," I said. "He made me wear a diaper. One of those disposable kind
for adults."_

_"Do you have one?" she asked._

_"Oh yes," I said. "He and my aunt use them on me whenever either of
them intends to keep me bound for a long time or over night."_

_"They keep you tied up over night?"_

_"Sometimes. Even longer. I really like it," I confessed._

_"Wow," she said. "Well, go strip and put on a diaper. I want to see
what this special tie-up looks like completely."_

_We argued about the diaper for a while, but again, finally I gave up
and went up to my room, took off everything and put on one of the Depends.
Then I returned to the basement._

_I showed Julie how my dad had tied my arms up behind my back with each
wrist at the opposite elbow, and how he taped my fingers and hands so I
couldn't untie any knots of I should be able to reach them. She did a nice
job duplicating the rope work and in a few minutes I was starting to feel
the familiar feeling of dad's bondage._

_Next I sat in the chair and showed her how to wrap rope around my upper
body lashing me to the chair._

_"That's really loose," I complained. "I knew you couldn't do it. It
needs to be tighter."_

_She redid the rope and this time it was really tight. Next I had her
tie my legs up to the sides of the chair That she did very well. Then there
were wraps of rope over my thighs around the chair and under my bent legs.
When she was done, I was tightly bound to the chair.  She had done
a good job, and I had to admit it._

_"Is that it?" she asked._

_"Well," I said cautiously, "There was a gag, but we don't need to do
that."_

_"Oh yes we do," she insisted. "We want to do it all."_

_I told her where to go in my room to find my red ball gag, and she returned
with it in a few minutes._

_"That's it," she asked._

_"No," I admitted. I told her how to install the ball gag, and then wrap
my lower face with duct tape. Then with my head firm against the chair,
wrap the tape around my lower face and the chair, pinning my head to the
chair. And finally, a wrap around the chair at the level of my forehead,
around and around a couple of times really pinning my head to the chair._

_In went the ball gag, and on went the tape. Then she bound my head to
the chair as I had described. When she was done, she reinforced my legs
and upper body with the tape over the rope. I was bound and gagged as firmly
and strictly as I had ever been - as good as dad did and maybe better._

_Julie stood back and admired her job._

_"You look really great," she said. "I can see why this is your favorite.
I don't think you can move much at all and I'm sure you can't get free."_

_She was right, and at that point, I couldn't say much either. Julie
pulled up a chair and sat down looking at me, and spent an hour or so talking
to me, telling me more gossip about mutual friends, filling me in on things
she had been doing, adding now and then how nice it was that I was "willing"
to sit and listen. "I am really enjoying having you tied up and gagged,"
she said. "Now I know you will listen to whatever I have to say and won't
interrupt. You have no idea how much I'm enjoying this."_

_Then Julie got out her books and studied for quite a while. Finally,
she stood and said that she had to go. I made what sound I could behind
the gag, but Julie ignored me. As she walked out of the room and up the
stairs, she said, "I'll leave a note upstairs telling your aunt and Derek
where you are. Have a great day."_

_Despite my pleas and grunts, Julie left leaving me strictly bound, gagged,
and almost unable to move. It turned out to be a long boring afternoon,
and after a while I really did desperately want to be untied. That wasn't
about to happen._

_At around six o'clock I heard my aunt come home followed a little bit
later by Derek. Apparently they found Julie's note, and my aunt came down
the stairs and stood looking at me._

_"So, you let her tie you up," she said. "And it looks like she did a
superb job. Would you like to hear her note to us?"_

_I grunted into the gag._

_"This is what she wrote, 'Sam is tied up in the basement. Please leave
him alone and I will be back sometime tomorrow and release him. Love, Julie.'"_

_"No! No!!! No!!!" I screamed into the gag. Of course, it sounded more
like "Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmm" I tried to shake my head, but it could hardly
move. I really wanted to be untied - badly! I did everything I could to
communicate my discomfort and unhappyness to my aunt._

_"Sorry Sam," smiled my aunt. "But you let her tie you up and you know
the agreement - any time we want, however we want, for as long as we want.
Looks like you're stuck until she comes back. If you want, I'll try to
call her and ask if we can release you."_

_I grunted what I hoped he would understand as agreement._

_Aunt Helen went upstairs. Quite a while later she returned along with
Derek. "Sorry," she said, "but we finally got hold of Julie and she insists
that she will release you sometime tomorrow. She said that it was your
favorite bondage, and so she wanted you to enjoy it for a long time. And
she says you told her that you like being tied up over night. Looks like
you're stuck. By the way," my aunt chuckled, "looks like Julie will make
quite a nice little dominatrix. I envy you Sam. She's certainly the girl
for you."_

_Derek didn't say anything about the dominatrix comment, but he argued
with my aunt for quite a while, insisting that they should release me,
but she insisted that I had gotten myself into this, or at least had willingly
let Julie tie me, and that I needed to stick it out. I protested. I didn't
want to spend the night bound that tightly. But despite all the pleading
I could muster, they finally turned off the lights, and there I sat - for
one of the longest nights of my life. I managed to sleep a little but my
muscles really ached and my jaw didn't feel so good either. It was misery.
I fantasized about being kidnapped, being held by beautiful girls who wanted
to use me as a sex toy (It turned out that was a bad fantasy as it caused
me to grow erect inside the chastity device and that hurt). In the end,
even fantasy didn't help. I had to just sit there and take it. I wasn't
happy at all._

_I lost all track of time. Finally the lights came on, and there stood
Julie. I just sat there and looked at her - as if I could do anything else._

_"I think I'll let you enjoy this for another day," she said._

_With that, I came unglued and moaned pitifully into the gag._

_"Quiet down," she said. "If you ask really nice, I'll untie you."_

_"Mmmmmmm Mmm Mmmm Mmm," I grunted trying for Please Untie me._

_"Sure I'll untie you," she said. "But pictures first." She produced
a camera and took about six pictures. Then she took the camera somewhere
saying later that she didn't want me to try to take it away from her after
I was untied. Finally she released me._

_It was all I could do to move and walk and it took a while to get everything
working again. I took off the soiled diaper and got rid of it. While I
was naked, Julie inspected the chastity device and said that it was very
nice and that she approved. I got dressed, and we went out for lunch to
the local MacDonalds._

_I have to admit, it was a great tie-up. And I had to tell Julie that
I loved it, even though I didn't entirely. I didn't want her to think she
had gotten the better of me, and that I was a wimp. I wonder if Julie will
tie me up again sometime, but I hope it isn't for so long or so strict.
I wonder if I'm losing my love of being tied up?._

_Sam_

_Chapter 21 January
10, 2001_

_To My Diary,_

_Over Christmas Vacation I had the surprise of my life and it started
the adventure of my life. Not much different happened between November
and Christmas Vacation. My aunt tied me up probably half a dozen times,
usually leaving me in a diaper if she kept me bound over night. I enjoyed
it, but it was getting to be routine. She would leave me tied to my bed,
bound, gagged, hog-tied, and she would come in in the morning and untie
me._

_Julie, my girl friend, came over a couple of times and tied me up too,
but again nothing special. We sat and watched television with me tied up
sitting next to her. When nobody else was around, she fondled me, but the
chastity device kept her from doing too much, and it was painful when I
started getting an erection. I didn't like that very much, and wished I
could get out of that thing._

_On Christmas Day, I was back home with my parents, and my mother said
that she had a special surprise for me. The Petersons, who are good friends
of my aunt and Derek, and Julie's parents, were going some kind of a retreat
in Mexico, and they had asked me to go along.  My step-mother and
father said it was okay with them. Dad laughed, reminding me of the chastity
device (http://www.cb-2000.com) they had locked on me, that no harm could
come from my being with Julie wherever they took me. Ruth said she knew
what I needed to pack, and she would fix my suitcase, so I didn't pay much
attention._

_On the day after Christmas the Petersons drove to our home, picked me
up early in the morning and we went to the airport, boarded the plane,
and flew to Mexico. There Mr. Peterson had rented a car, and we drove for
about five hours, to a location near the coast. When we got to the compound,
we had to go through a guarded gate. Mr. Peterson handed one man some papers
while three guards, two of them women, watched us._

_Finally, one of the women looked into the car and asked, "Do you two
men agree to follow all of the rules and regulations during the retreat?"_

_"We will both comply fully," said Mr. Peterson._

_She looked at me. "You too?"_

_"Sure," I said. "Why not?"_

_Julie and her mother smiled at me and we drove through the gate. One
of the men had said that our assigned cabin was to the left about two hundred
yards, and that the lodge was on about another half mile. We drove to the
cabin not seeing any other people anywhere around. We took our suitcases
inside._

_"This will be your room Julie and Sam," said Mrs. Peterson. "Julie,
you might want to take him in, unpack and get him ready."_

_I followed Julie into our room, and she shut the door wondering what
'get him ready' might mean. I was startled that there was only one large
bed. That meant that I would be sleeping with Julie!!! I put my suitcase
on the bed, and slowly opened it. I was really shocked when I discovered
that in addition to one pair of pants, a pair of sandals, a shirt, my red
speedo, two jockstraps, some underwear, my toothbrush and razor and comb,
it contained my straitjacket, rope, tape, and my two gags. And there were
two things I didn't recognize as mine - two little thong swimsuits._

_"My mother made a mistake," I said to Julie. "Look what she packed."_

_"No mistake," Julie smiled. "And please take off everything you're wearing
now and put on your red speedo. We need to get you ready."_

_"Ready for what?" I asked._

_"Please just do what I ask and you'll find out. It's sort of a surprise."_

_Our room had its own bathroom, so I took the speedo and went inside,
closed the door, and stripped, putting on the little swim suit. The chastity
device really showed through the tight red lycra._

_Back in the room I put my clothes in a closet and said, "Why do you
want me in this? Is there a swimming pool nearby."_

_"Here," said Julie, "Slip on the straitjacket."_

_"Here, now?" I asked. "I don't think so."_

_"Sam," Julie sounded firm, "We don't have all day, now please cooperate
and you'll find out why shortly.  It's important that you do what
I say or you'll ruin everything."_

_I didn't see how my putting on or not putting on the straitjacket would
ruin anything, but I let her slip the jacket on and start buckling the
straps in the back, then cinched in my arms, and straps between my legs._

_"Now, are you happy?" I asked._

_"Almost," she said. "Open wide."_

_"Not the gag too!" I almost shouted._

_"I'm afraid so," she said._

_"I don't think so."_

_"Open Sam," and she pushed the plug of the leather gag toward my mouth._

_So I opened up, wondering what this was all about. She pushed in the
gag, buckled it tightly behind my head, and then stepped back and looked
at me. We hadn't been at the retreat half an hour and I was bound and gagged.
That was sure a surprise. I hadn't expected to be tied up at all on this
trip._

_"Now," just sit and be quiet while I get ready," Julie said._

_I sat on the bed while she changed clothes, putting on very short shorts
(the weather outside was warm and humid), a small swim suit top, and sandals.
Then she went to my suitcase, got my sandals, and while I sat on the bed,
she put them on my feet. She went into the bathroom for a while, combed
her hair, used the toilet (I guessed from the sounds I heard), and finally
came out._

_"We can join Mom and Dad now," Julie said. She opened the door and followed
her even though I was reluctant to let the Petersons know Julie had tied
me up. But then again they had seen me tied before, so we walked out into
the main living room of the cabin._

_There I got what was probably the biggest shock so far. Mrs. Peterson
sat quietly on a davenport reading a magazine. Mr. Peterson stood on one
side of the room. His hands were tied at the wrists and the rope held his
hands high up over his head as it was attached to a hook in the ceiling.
He was naked. He wore a gag a bit larger than mine with a padlock on it
which would keep it from being opened or removed._

_I must have made a sound in my gag, and both Julie and her mother laughed._

_"I had better explain, Sam," Mrs. Peterson began looking up at me. "You
see, Rick (that's Mr. Peterson) is my slave. We have a contract, signed
over a year before we were married. I can do anything to him I want, any
time. He serves me, cooks, cleans up, does errands, he does whatever I
tell him. Anytime he makes a mistake, I punish him. Oh, he's not being
punished now. He's just resting from the trip."_

_I looked over toward Mr. Peterson who looked back at me and nodded his
head in agreement._

_"My father's been a slave ever since I can remember," said Julie. "When
I was little I used to like to snuggle up between Mom and Dad in their
bed. Mom would read me stories or talk to me. Dad would lie there tied
up and gagged. Mother always told me that if I was lucky, I would have
a slave of my own when I grow up."_

_"That's where you come in, Sam," said Mrs. Peterson. "I was delighted
that day at your uncle and aunt's when Rick and I found you all tied up
in that chair by their swimming pool. I knew then that you were the right
boy for Julie."_

_"I've really liked tying you up, Sam," smiled Julie. "You're my dream
come true."_

_"Anyway, I belong to a club of women who have slaves. Our name is Women
With Bondage Slaves, or WWBS for short. Our men aren't only slaves, they
are slaves who we often tie up in some way - most of the men, like yourself,
actually like it. We meet here once a year at this retreat. It's a great
place where we have privacy. The place is used by many nudist groups, bondage
clubs, transvestites, gay groups, and any other groups that needs security
and privacy. We've been coming here for about six years. Julie has never
been here as you can't come unless you have a slave with you. That's one
of the rules."_

_Julie interrupted, "Now I can come and learn how to be a dominatrix
like Mom!"_

_"She'll be a good dominatrix too," Mrs. Peterson added. "I'm going to
train her and we'll start during this week. Anyway, having a slave is only
one of the rules. Do you remember agreeing to obey the rules when we came
into the retreat grounds, Sam?"_

_I nodded that I did._

_"Good. Now I should tell you the rules you've agreed to. While here,
you can never appear in public without being tied or restrained in some
way and gagged. Any time we have visitors here in our cabin - and visitors
can drop in at any time - all slaves must be strictly tied and gagged.
Slaves do all the work. You will be assigned tasks in the morning and at
meals. You and Rick will probably work together and at those times you
will wear slave chains so that you can use your hands. You will do whatever
Julie or I - or any other woman for that matter - tell you to do. You can
wear nothing more than that swim suit you have on now. If you use the swimming
pool, you can wear only one of the thongs, and at meals and work sessions,
you can wear only your jockstrap and slave chains and of course, your gag.
At night you can sleep with Julie if she wishes but you will be strictly
bound and gagged - every night!. In other words, Sam, you will realize
one of your fantasies that you told Julie about. You will spend the entire
nine days here tied up in some way almost all of the time."_

_Julie sat next to me, and gave me a big hug._

_"Julie," her mother instructed, "the committee members might arrive
any time, so you better hang Sam next to your father. We don't want them
to find us unprepared."_

_As Julie had me stand, she moved me over to the wall next to where her
father still hung, his arms up over his head. She fixed a rope to one of
the straps on the back of my straitjacket, stood on a stool, and fixed
it to the second hook in the ceiling. I now had no choice but to stand
next to Mr. Peterson for as long as they wanted to leave me there._

_Mrs. Peterson sat quietly reading over some papers, and then looked
up at me. "Sam, you will be assigned tasks while you are here, and remember,
if any woman tells you to do something, you must obey immediately. There
is one little problem, and that is that you aren't now really a committed
slave with a permanent contract. Since you'll always be gagged, you won't
be able to tell that to anyone, but technically all of the men here should
be signed and sealed slaves. Julie wanted to come so badly, we hoped you
would cooperate."_

_I nodded that I would. I didn't know what was coming, but it was certainly
my fantasy come true._

_Julie watched television while her mother worked on the papers. Then
someone knocked on the door. Mrs. Peterson got up and let in four people,
two women and two men. The women looked like nice ladies, smartly dressed,
about the same age as Mrs. Peterson. They hugged and greeted each other,
and Mrs. Peterson introduced the women to Julie. The men just stood there,
not able to do much else. One was in a straitjacket like I was, with a
red ball gag in his mouth, wearing a black speedo. The other was strapped
into a series of leather harnesses that restricted all movement. His head
was also strapped into a harness which held a gag in place. He was wearing
a jockstrap. The women led the men into the room, moved them over next
to the wall where Mr. Peterson and I stood, and they attached the men to
hooks in the ceiling. While the four of us stood there, the women went
into the kitchen and sat around a table talking quietly._

_After about an hour, the women returned to the living room where I heard
one say, "Well, Angela (Julie's mother), I think the planning has gone
rather well.  It should be a successful week. Now we have to change
the men into their slave chains and get them to their jobs. See you at
dinner."_

_The women unhooked the two men, and after saying good-bye they left._

_Mrs. Peterson unhooked Mr. Peterson and Julie unhooked me, and Mrs.
Peterson said they needed to hurry to get Mr. Peterson (Rick) and me to
our work duty for dinner. Julie took me into our room, and removed the
straitjacket. She left the gag, then put a chain around my waist securing
it with a small lock. The waist chain had two loose chains leading off
from the center. Julie brought out two leather padded wrist cuffs, and
secured them around my wrists, then with small locks, locked one loose
chain to each cuff securing the chain to the cuff and the cuff in place._

_"These are your slave chains," she explained. "Now you can use your
hands to work or to feed yourself or go to the bathroom, but can't reach
the gag to release it."_

_Julie then handed me a jockstrap, and told me to remove the speedo,
put on the jock, and get ready to go to work detail. I followed orders
quickly. Then we went back to the living room where Mr. Peterson was also
in slave chains and a jockstrap. Mrs. Peterson and Julie led us out to
the car, and she drove us down the road to the lodge. Inside, Julie and
Mrs. Peterson led us to the kitchen where there were many men working,
all gagged (in anything from simple ball gags to ornate harness gags),
in slave chains, and jockstraps. Two women in cooks' uniforms were giving
orders. Rick Peterson and I were immediately ordered to set the tables
in the dining room. It was a beautiful room, all in natural wood with tables
set around. We put out table cloths, utensils, water glasses, cloth napkins,
and other things like salt and pepper shakers, wine glasses and so forth._

_I was then assigned to peel potatoes while Mr. Peterson began setting
up the buffet line. We worked hard doing whatever the two women told us
to do. We worked for a couple of hours._

_At about six-thirty, women, dressed very nicely in almost formal clothes,
began to arrive. The slave-men were directed to get them drinks from the
bar - whatever they requested. Some carried around trays of hors d'oeuvres,
others glasses of wine or water._

_When the meal started, the club president announced that the women should
be seated. Each slave went to his mistress and stood behind her, then we
went to the buffet table and fixed salad plates and took them to our mistresses.
I stood behind Julie as she ate - she looked beautiful in her bright blue
dress. When she needed water, I got her more. After the salad, the women
(who had looked over the buffet line earlier) told their slaves what they
wished, and each slave fixed a dinner plate for his mistress. If they wanted
more, we got it. Then came dessert, and whatever else each woman wanted.
Finally, coffee. As the women drank their coffee or tea, they removed the
gags from their slaves. We then moved to the buffet line, fixed a plate,
and went to the side of the room and sat on the floor, eating with our
hands/fingers. As soon as we were done, we returned to our mistresses who
replaced our gags. It was then our task to bus the dishes to the kitchen,
wash the dishes. Some men collected the linen and took the napkins and
table cloths down a hallway to a laundry where they were washed. As the
women socialized, we worked cleaning up the pots, pans, dishes, the dining
room, and sweep the floor, always directed by the two women in the cooks
uniforms._

_When we were done, we were directed to stand along the side wall of
the lodge hall while the women talked, socialized. It was almost midnight
before women began taking their slave/husbands and heading for their cabins.
Julie, Mrs. Peterson, Mr. Peterson and I got to our cabin about 12:30.
Julie told me to go to the bathroom. She took off my gag and let me have
a drink of water. Then she re-gagged me, removed my slave chains, put me
in my straitjacket but leaving me in my jockstrap, and we walked out in
to the living room. Mrs. Peterson was sitting on the davenport reading
something. Mr. Peterson was bound, gagged, and hog-tied on the floor in
front of her - she was using him as a foot-stool._

_"We're going to bed now," said Julie. "I'm tired."_

_"Sleep well, both of you," her mother smiled. "Be sure and get him bound
up tight for the night," she said to Julie._

_"Don't worry, mother, " he won't be able to move much when I'm done."_

_Julie and I went back into our bedroom where she brought out rope and
bound my legs. She put wraps of duct-tape over my gag saying that she wanted
to be sure that I was quiet all night. She had me lay on the bed, and then
tied my legs in a very strict hog-tie. Then she blind-folded me with more
tape. I was beginning to wonder if I was going to like nine days of this,
but it was far too late to do much about it at this point._

_I lay on the bed listening to Julie move around the room. Finally she
got into bed with me, I heard her turn off the lights, and she snuggled
up next to me, her hand caressing my bound body, touching my face, and
finally resting on my jockstrap pouch where she fingered the chastity device
through the stretched fabric. She drifted off to sleep. I slept off and
on, wondering what the next day would bring._

_Sam_

_**[Sam's
Diary continues in part twenty-two](sams_diary10.html)**

09.06.02

story continues in [**Sam's Diary 22&23**](sams_diary10.html)

o0o
