---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Janice Comes Home
authors:
- PShadowPhazer
tags:
- Solo-F
- hotel
- leather
- collar
- catsuit
- cuffs
- hood
- chast
- gag
- toys
- insert
- frogtie
- stuck
- M-f
- D-s
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2001-05-16 00:00:00
---

She carried herself well through the dimly lit halls of the hotel. Six
foot two, blonde hair, brown eyes. Janice was every bit the amazon
goddess people thought she looked like. “I can still stop this,” her thoughts
echoed in her mind.
She had met this man through the internet and he had quickly become
her Master. Janice had always been into bondage, mainly of the do-it-yourself
variety. She had been looking for a Master/Mistress for a year with no
luck. Until she met him and she knew she could serve no other. He had told
her to fly out to Seattle and go to a specific hotel, where he had gotten
a room so she could finally submit to him.

She was now heading for that very same room. He had told her to put
herself into very strict self bondage and wait for him to get there and
release her. She stood before the door trembling slightly. Fear, anticpation,
happiness? She did not know, but she readily stepped into the room.

Janice turned on the light and let out a small gasp when she saw the
elegance and splendor of the room in which she would give herself to her
new Master. After walking around the room drinking in the beauty of it
she looked at the bed and let out a soft smile. “My, my,” she thought to
herself, “what a collection and all for me to play with.” A small note
was on the bed with two words on it. “Prepare yourself,” was all it said.
She walked the room once again before getting to the task at hand.

Janice stripped out of her one piece black dress, and felt the air flow
over her naked body. She didn’t bother with panties or bras when in her
dresses. She picked up the leather collar that was to be hers from this
moment on. She stroked the leather lovingly a small smile playing across
her face. She slowly closed the collar around her neck and closed
her eyes as she heard the small ‘click’ when the small heart shaped lock
closed locking the collar around her neck.

She looked over the other clothes and “toys” laid out on the bed. After
looking over this collection of bondage gear she picked out a one piece
black leather body suit and slipped into it. Once it was zipped up and
locked she would not be able to take it back off. ‘click’ She started to
feel
a familiar warmth stir between her legs hearing the small click of the
lock on the back of the suit. She ran her hands over her sleek body slipping
a finger inside her then she remembered she would have to wait.

Next she picked up a chastity belt with an attached butt plug, and 10
inch vibrator. She covered the vibrator and butt plug with KY and gently
pushed them home, filling her up. Smiling she closed the waist belt around
her small waist and closed the hasps, next she pulled the crotch strap
up between her legs making sure its tight and locking it before she could
think otherwise. Although she had never tried anal sex before she wanted
to please her new Master, so she wiggled around in the chastity belt getting
a feel for the anal intruder. She attached the two control boxes for the
butt plug and vibrator on d-rings on the belt knowing that once she was
done they would be out of her reach.

Janice decided a frog tie would be a good way to show herself to her
Master so she locked a pair of thigh cuffs and ankle cuffs on feeling the
pressure through the black leather body suit. She then walked over
to a little table and dropped the keys for all the locks and handcuffs
on it. Taking a bit of rope she threaded it through the rings on her right
ankle cuffs and thigh cuff cinching it tight. Laying on the bed she tried
moving her right leg and found she couldn’t. Next she did the same to her
left leg, she knew she was almost past the point of no return.

Janice picked up one of the bondage hoods and examined it. It had lacing
in the back and an inflatable penis gag with a pumpball attached, once
she had it on she wouldn’t be able to see because of the blinders or speak
because of the gag. “Should I put this on, or will a ball-gag suffice?”
she asked herself and the empty room. Without thinking too long she pulled
the hood over her head and tightened it, pulling the laces making sure
she could not reach the laces once she was done. She started pumping the
gag until it filled her mouth putting pressure on her cheeks, just for
good measure she pumped it three more times and closed the valve removing
the pump.

Janice tried screaming through the gag, but all she got was a weak little
“mmph”. Finally it was time for her to finish her bondage and await her
Master. Taking a pair of handcuffs she attached them to a d-ring on the
back of the chastity belt. Locking the handcuffs to the belt with a padlock.
“Last chance to back out girl,” she thought. Suddenly feeling very brave
she turned both the vibrator and butt-plug on high and closed her wrists
in the handcuffs. Now she was bound and captive only to be released when
her Master decided to release her.

After her fourth orgasm while in her bondage, just as she was about
to hit her fifth she heard the door to the hotel room open. Janice froze,
then began to struggle inside her bondage suddenly becoming afraid. Then
she heard a deep rich chuckling the calmed her. “Do not fear my pet, obey
me and you will not be harmed.”

Janice just smiled at herself because
here was her new Master, and she knew she would have more fun in the end
than in all her life.
