---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/fun_with_fleece.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Fun with Fleece
authors:
- smutmeister
tags:
- F/m
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2006-03-06 00:00:00
---

Sharon walked in and said, “Let’s have a little fun with fleece.”.

So I asked, “What do you have in mind?”

“Well you strip down to your bare naked ass and I’ll bind you up
using only fleece items. Then once I have used all of the items in the basket
on you, you get to struggle to get free. If you get free, we have sex, if not
I get to play with you and force you to please me.”

Well this sounded interesting to me so I said, “Let’s make sure I got
this straight. You have a basket full of fleece items like strips and blankets
to tie me up and then I get to struggle free. If I get free then we will have
sex. Otherwise I assume you’ll force me to give you fellatio keeping me
aroused torturing me. So how will you determine I can’t get free?”

Sharon grinned impishly in reply, “Oh I think it will be quite obvious
to both of us and yes I’ve got strips and stuff in the basket. Now if you
agree I have one more question. Do you want me to stuff your mouth full of
fleece or rubber for your gag?”

I said, “Thorough aren’t you? Having a fleece wad stuffed into my
mouth doesn’t appeal to me. So I guess it will be rubber. But if you gag me,
I won’t be able to give you fellatio.”

Sharon then said, “I can always remove a gag. Besides if I properly
bind you, you’ll be at my mercy. Are there any more questions?”

Shaking my head, I then said, “No” Then began stripping off my
T-shirt, shoes, socks and pants. I was just removing my underwear when Sharon
returned with a large white wicker laundry basket filled to just above the top
with what looked like fleece blankets and pilled on top were strips of fleece.
My first thought she was going to wrap me in blankets and then tie me into
them.

Sharon set the basket on the couch and then said, “Turn around and
place your wrists behind your back.”

Once I had done as I was told I felt fleece being wrapped around my
wrists a couple of times and then cinched snug. Next I felt her pull my elbows
together and then wrap a fleece strip a couple of times around my arms just
below the elbows and cinch it snug. Then I felt a fleece strip being wrapped
around my arms just above the elbows and cinched snug. I knew by the way
Sharon had started binding me. I
was going to have a difficult time getting free.

Next Sharon said, “Well that will keep you from playing with yourself.
Now sit on this stool so I can do your legs.”

I was starting to become aroused and she had noticed and as I did as she
had instructed. As I sat on the
cold chair, I said, “OH that’s cool.”.
Then Sharon came around in front of me and began wrapping a black
fleece strip around my ankles and for the first time I could see that they
weren’t strips at all but a strap complete with roller buckles and a double
layer of fleece cloth! I was beginning to realize that I might not get free.

Next Sharon put a strap around my legs just below the knees and one just
above the knees. I was now helpless to stop Sharon from continuing. Sharon
then lightly grabbed my shaft and mirthfully said, “Too bad you won’t be
able to do anything about this.” As She did, I squirmed a little bit and she
said, “Since you are starting to be uncooperative I was going to wait but
I’ll gag you now so I don’t have to listen to the protests that will be
forth coming.”

Then Sharon went behind me and returned with a butterfly gag and a black
leather strap. First she put the ball into my mouth and then made sure the
flaps fit between my teeth and cheeks. Next she gave the pump a couple of
squeezes and I could feel it beginning to swell and fill my mouth. Then Sharon
cinched the strap snugly behind my head. She then began squeezing the pump and
the gag began to fill my mouth in earnest. Once the flaps were pressing hard
against my lips my tongue was pinned to the floor of my mouth. Intelligent
speech was now out of the question.

Sharon then said, “Now take
in a deep breath.”

Once I had done this through my nose, she pinched my nose shut and said,
“Blow out through your mouth.” A little air got by the gag so she squeezed
the pump a couple of more times and said, “Now try again.”. This time
almost no air got by. Then Sharon pinched my nose and Said, “Now try breathing in.” I tried but no air came in but
with my mouth stretched by the flaps I could not open it any further to get
air by. “Perfect, now to finish ensuring you can’t escape and to make sure
you won’t get cold.” Sharon said. Then I felt fleece being slid up over my
arms and what felt like fleece straps dangling down my back.

Then I felt the fleece stretch over my hands and snugly around my wrist.
Then I felt the fleece being wrapped around my arms encasing them. From the
tips of my fingers too just under my arm pits I could tell was wrapped in
fleece cloth. Then I heard a zipper being pulled and felt the fleece get snug
from just above my wrist upwards till it stopped just below my arm pits. Then
I felt a strap get cinched snugly around my wrists then another one cinched
snugly around my arms just above the elbows and one around my arms just below
my arm pits.

Sharon came around to the front and pulled two black fleece straps over
my shoulders. As she crisscrossed them across my chest and began cinching them
under my arm pits she said, “I can tell judging by your stiff erection you
like your new fleece arm binder so I am sure like the rest of the ensemble
that goes with it.”

We had tried a leather arm binder before and knew them to be escape proof
once the shoulder straps were crisscrossed and cinched. So I knew that the
double layer of fleece cloth along with all of the extra straps she was
immobilizing me and making it impossibly difficult to escape. So then I
helplessly watched as she slid a black fleece leg binder up over my legs and
inserted my feet into the boot. Then she folded the inner flap around my legs
and began zipping up the binder. My
legs were now encased in a warm soft fleece leg binder. She began humming to
herself as she began cinching the ankle strap then the knee strap and finally
the thigh strap. I gave her one of those looks like ‘are we happy with
ourselves’.

She looked at me and said, “Oh it gets better.” Then she went to the
basket again and I thought oh ‘Christ there’s more!’ Then she reappeared
with a large black fleece suit. She laid the suit out in front of me.
It had one leg and one arm out the back. First she unzipped the front.
The zipper started at the neck and ended at the ankles. She flipped the suit
over to show me the small zipper on the behind. Then she showed me the black
fleece hood with only a nose opening. First Sharon pushed foam earplugs into
my ears and then she placed me for the first time in total darkness by
wrapping the fleece hood around my head. I could feel her tucking the inner
flap and then zipping the hood from the top down to my neck. Then I felt her
cinch the neck strap snug. Then I felt Sharon start jacking me till I was so
close I was squirming and panting heavily.

Then she laid me on the floor and began putting me into the bondage suit
by first pushing my feet into the boot and then my arms into the arm binder
and finally she started pulling the zipper up. She tucked the bottom flaps of
the hood below the suit’s collar and pulled the zipper up the rest of the
way then cinched the collar snug. Then I heard her say, “Now try to get
free.”

At first I tried to move my arms and legs in opposite directions and
rolled a bit. Then all of a sudden I felt her tickling me through the fleece
and I began to laugh and squirm and I could hear her laughing while saying
“I know you can try to escape better than that.” Sharon continued to
tickle me till I was out of breath. Then I heard her say, “Well you
haven’t gotten out yet and you’re running out of time. Guess I’ll go get
the KY and some toys while you try to get free.” At that moment I knew why
there was a zipper in the bosom. I began struggling with all my might trying
to get free but try as I might I couldn’t get free.

As I lay on the floor panting, I then felt Sharon roll me onto my stomach
and begin unzipping the small zipper. I tried to roll over but Sharon simply
sat on my legs. Then I felt her reach into the suit and spread my ass cheeks.
Something cool touched my anus and I tried to scream and squirm to protest.
Then she removed it and said, “What you don’t like this? Well that’s too
bad because I said if you can’t get free I’ll get to play with you. Anyway
I want to play with you in so many ways. This little toy will help to make you
realize you need to do a good job pleasing me before I let you free. Now hold
still while I insert this.” Then I felt her place the toy against my anus
and begin to push, at first it was small and then gradually got bigger.

Sharon was slow going to allow the muscles of my sphincter to stretch
with it. Then when it felt like my muscles were going to tear I let out a
grunt of pain and then it suddenly got smaller. I could feel my sphincter
around something and something between the cheeks of my ass. Sharon gave a
small tug and the toy didn’t come out. “Now that’s to let you know you
won’t be able to push it out and it will only come out when I take it
out.” Sharon said in a voice of self-assuredness. Then I felt her zip the
small zipper shut.

The next thing I felt was her hand tickling my feet. I started to squirm
and then she kept it up till I was laughing and then all of a sudden I felt a
buzzing vibration in my anus. ‘Oh God this is making me so horny!’ I
thought to myself. Then Sharon started to grope my groin and I wanted to
explode and thought I was going to when all of a sudden she rolled me onto my
back and held me there till I had totally come down. Then she started tickling
my ribs again and didn’t stop till I was almost completely out of breath and
thought I was going to black out. I thought to myself ‘I am totally under
her control and at her mercy’ It scared the hell out me and aroused me at
the same time.

Sharon dragged me over some ways. Then she rolled me onto my stomach and
then pulled onto my knees. Then she leaned my upper body forward and I could
instantly smell her odor. Sharon then rubbed my nose into her clit and she
moaned as she did this. “Hmm this won’t do.
Your nose isn’t quite long enough. Let’s fix that.” Sharon said.
I felt her push me away and I thought, ‘Good she’ll remove the hood and
gag and I can use my tongue.’ Then I felt something pressed up against my
mouth and then I felt something being cinched behind my head. Then I felt her
legs pull me close and then a vibration was coming from whatever was on my
face and then it hit me. She had strapped a vibrator onto my face!

She pushed my head forward and the vibrations changed as the dildo slid
into her pussy. She continued to push and gyrate for a while. I could smell
her arousal. Then all of a sudden the vibrations started again in my anus and
I started to squirm. Oh God I wanted to cum but had to way stimulate myself
beyond the edge. Then Sharon said “Oh fuck” and tensed for a long period.
Then with a sigh she pushed my head back and shut off the vibrator on my face
and then I felt her undo and remove the vibrator from my face.

I felt her undoing the collar of the suit and unzipping the suit. Once
the suit was zipped down to my waist I felt her grab my ragging hard on and
then I felt her swallow it whole and she began sucking and humming all the way
up and down. Between that and the vibrator in my anus then I felt it coming
and there was no stopping it. I exploded into her mouth and she continued
sucking till I was spent.

I lay there on the bed spent sucking in air through my nose and then I
felt her pull the zipper downward and thought she was going to unzip me the
rest of the way when all of a sudden the zipper started moving very slowly
back up. I startled and started to squirm and say we had a deal. Then I heard
her say, “Oh honey you didn’t please me the vibrator did. Bound the way
you are I’m not sure if there is anyway you will be able to. So I’ll just
have to keep you encased till you figure out a way to please me. All this sex
had made me sleepy so nighty night.”

Then she finished zipping up the zipper and cinched the collar snug
again. Then I felt the vibrator in my anus shut off. Next I felt her roll me
onto my stomach and then I felt something pulled up over me and under my arms.
Then the cover got snug. Then I felt her lift my head and turn it. Then shove
a pillow under my head. Then I felt another cover pulled up over everything
and all the way up to my neck. Then all of a sudden I felt something pulled
across my legs and then a bit higher and realized she was tying me down to the
bed. I attempted to roll over and found I couldn’t move. I was tired and
soon I fell asleep . . . While
wondering what she was going to do to me next.
