---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/unexpected_mind_blower.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Unexpected Mind Blower
authors:
- Sean Dunne
tags:
- Sbm
- F/m
- D/s
- bond
- bdsm
- cuffs
- gag
- cons/reluct
- XX
---

In all my years visiting professional dominatrixes, rather ironically,
the most explosive, mind shattering orgasm I ever experienced occurred
during a visit to an absolute newcomer and complete novice at the game.
She had just left University and had become vaguely aware of the S/M scene
at some Skin Two parties. (An English rubber and fetish magazine) Correctly
surmising that playing at a mistress would earn her more than any job she
was likely to get – and having very little capital, she set up shop by
renting a room in a squat! After fitting it up with some bare essentials,
she placed an advert and her picture in the relevant contact magazines,
sat back and waited for some clients. I received one of the magazines early
as I had a subscription to it and I wrote off right away. And so it came
to pass that I was one of her first ‘customers’.

Initially I couldn’t believe I had the right address. A row of dilapidated
houses, obviously ready for demolition? When the door opened, newspapers
and dust on the floor and up the stairs? I almost turned and left. It was
the appearance of the ‘dominatrix’ herself that changed my mind.

Long experience had taught me to take along some of my own equipment
to a session; for instance, I’ve had some fairly grubby and ineffective
gags shoved in my mouth at times, and it was lucky in this case that I’d
brought quite a bit as she appeared to have very little equipment of her
own.  Indeed, she seemed quite vague as to what to do at all! When
apart from other shortcomings, it was obvious she had never even seen anything
like the pair of old fashioned wrist and ankle manacles I produced and
was uncertain even as to how to secure them, I really began to think the
whole session was going to be a total disaster. For some, in retrospect
lucky, reason I decided to persevere.

At least, thank goodness, someone had screwed a large very secure hook
into the ceiling – so I hastily devised what I thought would be an understandable
and undemanding fantasy scenario with her. To save time and frustration,
I decided to bind myself up. Stripping off until I was naked, I stood in
the middle of the room, directly under the hook, then snapped my steel
leg manacles tight around my ankles, these were connected by a chain of
just three links. Then using a very long thick leather strap, I bound the
tops of my knees together really securely using several tight turns. Next,
I forced my giant, penis shaped rubber gag into my mouth and buckled the
strap behind my neck. Additional straps that buckled over the head and
under the chin made his particular gag immovable and incredibly effective
as communication was impossible and screams were barely audible, muffled
squeals. Finally, I padlocked my manacles to the ceiling hook and stretching
up, managed to lock my wrists into them, a bit too tight for comfort, but
it was too late to alter that.  At least now, if nothing else in this
session, I was utterly helpless in that position and there was no way I
could escape.

The scene I’d devised with her was that I’d just been dragged up from
the cells below and fixed in this position to await the torments of an
evil regimes top ‘extractor of information’. This happened to be a female
so sadistic that, having had her ‘pleasure’ curtailed several times by
the victims blurting out information before she could fully demonstrate
the full range of her skills, she now had them tightly gagged to prolong
their agony and not spoil her depraved enjoyment.

As the session got under way, I began to realize that I’d completely
misread the character of this seeming innocent and inexperienced young
miss. She may have been a novice mistress, but it soon became clear that
she had no problem whatever inflicting pain on the male body. In fact,
she was instantly unerringly realistic and uninhibited in her role and
as the session progressed, I began to realize that this lovely creature
had a cruel, vicious streak in her nature and could get real sensual pleasure
tormenting submissive male flesh. It seemed unbelievable that this previously
apparently hopeless young lady was actually becoming just like the remorseless
tormentor of my fantasy.

I also began to realize with mounting alarm, that I, not imagining it
to be especially important under the circumstances, had not discussed with
her what I meant by ‘torture’, any limits or even simple special signals
to indicate what was happening was ‘over the top’ – and now it was too
late.  I had submitted myself to her as an utterly powerless bound
frail victim to do with me as she pleased and ensured my total helplessness
by gagging myself silent, ensuring the whole scene was now out of my control.
Quite naturally, she would consider any desperate struggles and any amount
of muffled screams as a valid, indeed necessary part of the scenario I
had demanded.

This wasn’t turning out at all as I’d planned it and now, what I’d never
imagined could possibly happen, I’d lost control and I really was starting
to experience to dread and terror a genuine victim would in similar circumstances.

Now I normally just play around quite moderately in sessions with professional
mistresses, I’m not into real pain, just a fairly realistic threat of future
certain pain and suffering is sufficient for me.  Unlike some I’ve
seen, I’m not at all extreme; I suppose I’d be considered very wimpish
in some circles. I like bondage, humiliation, sometimes enforced TV. 
My usual fantasy is being viciously, brutally bound and gagged by a powerful
dominatrix, humiliated and mildly ‘tortured’. She then leaves me, describing
in detail the ‘real’ torture she will inflict on me on her return. My vivid
imagination then takes over as I struggle in terror awaiting her return
– and that’s usually enough for an adequate orgasm. Of course, I have many
different scenarios, often depending on the appearance or the attitude
of the dominatrix, but I’d never chosen this exact fantasy with any. 
I’d never dared to.  It was one of my favorite masturbation fantasies
however and I’d chosen it this time because I was expecting a very gentle,
fairly hopeless session.

However, this novice had taken my instructions quite seriously and was
gradually increasing the intensity of the torture. Not only that, she was
diabolically inventive with her limited resources and now, totally callous
and indifferent to my agony, she relentlessly upped the pain level. She
started with burning wax, managed to inflict torment I didn’t think possible
with nipple and body clamps.  I almost broke my wrists jerking about
trying to avoid the agonizing tricks she was getting up to with just a
large pair of ordinary pliers.

Exasperated by that, she undid the thin rope tied to each corner of
an old bed, knotted them together, bound my testicles tightly with one
end and then – forcing the rest of the line through my pinioned thighs,
jerked me back – and then tied the other end to a hook on the door! 
Now I dare not attempt to pull away from my tormentor as she added her
gas cartridge cigarette lighter and glowing cigarette ends to her repertoire,
watching my pleading eyes with cold, amused callousness as she drew deeply
on the cigarettes ensuring they were red hot before carefully pressing
them into the desired spot.

In between these tortures, after much flaunting it before me, she had
also been giving my back and backside a series of vicious thrashes with
a thick rubber flexible, whip like switch I hadn’t even realized she possessed.

At intervals, she’d caress my agonized, helpless, naked body, cynically
kissing the areas she’d assaulted and taunt me with wicked contrived innocence,
observing with cruel satisfaction that my tight gag made my desperate attempts
at communication impossible. “When am I going to hear the information I’m
seeking?   I can’t make head or tails of all those silly weird
noises you’re making - your not making sense - you’re not really trying
are you?    I can see I’m going have to stop playing around
and get really serious.  Come on now, make my day, let me hear some
really loud screams – I’m going to get real pissed off if I don’t hear
some soon, it means I’m not trying hard enough.”

God, I was trying hard
enough to scream out loud, I had early on tried to, fairly hopelessly,
work the gag out of my mouth.   But, noticing my efforts, she
viciously tightened the strap even further behind my neck ending all forlorn
hopes on that score.

Now in any situation I’ve ever been in with a professional mistress,
obviously most of the components that made up this unique session would
be missing and I know all I would be feeling in the exact same situation
would be just horrendous pain – no possibility of ‘pleasure’ whatsoever. 
But now, the very unusual elements in this session, unbelievably, slowly
started to combine into an unexpected and very exciting chemistry.

Unlike in normal circumstances, in this situation, I had lost control
very early on and was now really at the mercy (or total lack of it) of
a dominatrix who not only really got sensual pleasure inflicting pain,
she was also totally indifferent to any pain and torment I must obviously
be suffering now and furthermore, had no concept of client/mistress arrangements.
I was completely bewildered and disorientated by the total transformation
of our roles. Early on, I’d been somewhat condescending and superior to
this apparently inept young mistress. Now her instinctive and natural expertise
assuming with terrifying ease the role of my supreme cruel, fantasy goddess
in a scene I’d never previously dared to request, her incredible aptitude
at torture and the fact that I was totally in her power – I was now frankly,
more terrified of this creature than of anyone in my life. The fantasy
I’d originally devised had now become as realistic as it was possible to
imagine.

The next vital element in the mix was the young lady herself. I previously
mentioned it was the sight of the mistress herself that stopped me from
turning away from the place. She was tall, with long dark hair and a lovely
face that even when she turned mean during the torture, still managed to
look incredibly attractive and desirable. She also had a sensational body,
long curvaceous legs and was wearing one of those incredibly sexy figure
hugging black rubber outfits from the Skin Two shop, high heels, black
seamed nylons and elbow length black satin gloves.

The combination was electrifying. The action of the tight shiny rubber
covering her perfect shape as she elegantly moved about was a sheer delight
to observe and just that in itself was incredibly arousing. I also dimly
realized that as the role I’d asked her to perform was so close to her
real nature, she didn’t have to indulge in any ‘amateur dramatics’, she
was just acting naturally – so she couldn’t really be other than perfect.
Another ‘bonus’ was that being a novice she had yet to adapt to that false
and artificial ‘mistress speak and talk’ that the professionals employ.

Through a mist of tortuous pain and hopeless screams, some part of my
brain was beginning to register the fact that the appearance, character
and actions of this gorgeous creature was starting to stir up some deep,
very powerful erotic sensations.   I had dredged up this scene
from a fantasy area that I’d only dared contemplate in private and certainly
never expect to experience and now a large proportion of that fantasy was
happening for real.

Hanging in that room, secured so effectively and gradually being emasculated
so expertly by this beautiful creature, who by all appearances shouldn’t
conceivably be putting me through such agony, but who now terrified me
so much that every time she approached me, I started muted, impotent and
hopeless screaming and shrieking in anticipation of the pain about to be
inflicted – very slowly, but with increasing excitement – I was undergoing
a wonderful transformation.

Somehow the masochistic, submissive part of my consciousness emerged
to a level I never knew existed and was signaling that the position I found
myself in now was one I’d always secretly wished would one day actually
happen. The pain miraculously began to mutate into a sort of agonized erotic
ecstasy. The dread, terror and the torment were still present but now all
that just seem to add to the new excitement.

The final overwhelming climax came as she was leaning against the front
of my hanging body to stub her lighted cigarette end on my buttocks. I
could feel the full rubber clad curvaceous body of this angelic, pitiless
sadist against mine, She was   whispering in my ear that she
was still very ‘displeased’ with my lack of cooperation so far and I was
about to experience real agony.  But by now it didn’t matter what
she did to me, I was in some sort of agony heaven. Oh God  - Yes!
Yes!

My tormenter had become in my mind an overwhelmingly powerful, superior,
cruel goddess and in my abject total helplessness in her power, somehow
it seemed proper and justified that she should be torturing me if that
was her pleasure. Please!  Please!  Be more cruel – mutilate
me!

At this point, luckily, I experienced the most mind shattering, euphoric,
glorious prolonged orgasm I have ever felt. I was ironic that after all
that torture, it was her rubber hips pressing against my, by now, giant
erection that set me off.  Huge amounts of spunk flowed all up her
rubber dress. Oh, Heaven… it went on and on like never before, and during
that period, I really was in paradise. The moment it came to an end though,
the pain came back in waves - Jesus!  I really hurt all over – how
on earth had I taken such body and mental suffering. Thank heaven, the
dominatrix now had the sense, viewing my huge climax and seeing the result
on her dress, to realize the session was over and released me from my bonds.

If the session I had just been through was totally out of any experience
I’d ever had, my actions after were just as astonishing to me. Released,
all sorts of weird unusual thoughts spinning around in my head and my body
throbbing with pain all over, I turned to my tormentor. She stood looking
at me, hands on her hips, still exuding an incredible aura of dominance,
power and menace and despite the fact I was now free, I hadn’t nearly recovered
enough to lose my terror having experienced what she was capable of.

“Why aren’t you on your knees before your mistress?”   Oh
my God – she hasn’t finished with me yet!

Incredibly, I found myself on my knees, groveling, kissing and licking
her high heel shoes, begging her not to hurt me any more – and I really
meant it! At that moment I just knew she could have done anything she wished
with me, that she had complete control over me. For the first time in my
life, I really understood the emotions of a genuine slave. I was vaguely
aware that I had become a pitiable object groveling on my knees before
her in abject fear, but I just didn’t care. The combination of how I’d
been brutally tortured, the memory of how totally indifferent and contemptuous
she had been to my anguish and suffering, the bizarre contradiction of
her beauty and her cruelty and the sure knowledge that a terrifying ordeal
would be the fate of any male she really had in her power – all that had
just blown my mind.

She toyed with me for a time, seemingly amused and contemptuous at the
craven figure I’d become as opposed to very confident, superior figure
she’d met at first. Ignoring my whimpering, she was grinding her stiletto
heels into my wounds as I prostrated myself. She seemed to be considering
how to proceed – but then – “Damn!  I’ll have to terminate this session.”

It turned out she had another client due in about twenty minutes. I
found out later that she had become more sexually aroused during our session
than she had ever been in her life before – and she was still in an elated
state after my release. The sight of me prostrated before her, ‘a pathetic
groveling wimp’, obviously totally incapable of resistance in any form,
had set her off again and all sorts of new tricks went through her mind;
starting with laying me face up on the bare springs of the old steel bed,
tying me with the rope, spread-eagled to the four posts. It was touch and
go, she told me later, she was seriously considering whether to carry on
with me and ignore his rings on the front door bell.

As she came back down to earth and slowly reverted back to the apprentice
mistress I originally encountered and despite the fact I just wasn’t in
any fit state to be rational about anything – I did manage to indicate
that she should be very clear as to the exact nature of her clients desires
and never duplicate what she did to me unless the client specifically,
in great detail, requests it.

“But you loved it – I’ve never seen so much
spunk.”

“I know, I know – but it was just a one in a million freak happening
– I can’t get my head around it now.  We’ll have a chat about when
I visit next.”

“Oh – you are coming back then?”

“If I get out of intensive care.”

I never got much sleep that night.  I was in pain all over, but
wasn’t just physical suffering – my brain was in total turmoil as I kept
going over the events of that afternoon over and over again.  
The wounds she left on me did eventually disappear and I could strip off
in public once again – but the vivid memory of what I was reduced to that
day has never left me.

The nights in bed when I want to play with myself, and I start going
though all my fantasies, invariably that session will come to the fore
and it still never fails to produce an explosion of some very bizarre,
contradictory, intense and very exciting emotions. I often fantasize on and visualize what she might have got up to had
that chap not made an appointment or she had decided to ignore him and
carry on with me.

Was I lucky or not?   On balance, the wimp side of my submissive
character comes down on the fact I was lucky. I really had taken more than
I could have possibly imagined, I know that magically, it had turned out
to be a sensationally erotic experience – but I’m certain I couldn’t have
repeated that climax, I was crushed. Whatever she would have done to me
(and she was definitely getting more and more remorselessly vicious) –
it would have been pure bloody agony with no compensation whatsoever.  
But, (assuming I survived it!)  would the memory of that extra session
now be giving me a more exiting thrill than the first?   Hmmmm.

Of course, when I recovered, I revisited her – many times. But now,
with a bit more experience under her belt, she was a far more cautious
person.  And I?  Well I never had the nerve to suggest we try
the ‘extractor of information’ scenario again – I knew anyway, we could
never really reproduce the passions of that day. We had lots of good times
though. Because she was so utterly gorgeous, I went in more for forced
body-worship scenarios.  I also discovered that after a short introduction,
she soon became incredibly adept at applying tight and escape proof rope
bondage, especially with the new ropes I gave her.

Often, helpless in painfully tight bondage, I’d be forced to lick and
tongue her most beautiful pussy as she playfully inflicted restrained torture
to encourage me – not that I needed much encouragement for that scenario!
Of course, I could have easily got her to inflict a similar form of torture
on me again as in the first, she hadn’t suddenly stopped being a sadist
- if fact I knew the word had got round and she was dealing with clients
who were taking far more severe punishment than I had received.

But oddly enough, she told me she never got quite the same intense
emotion again, probably because she knew those clients were really serious
masochists and in their own way, were getting equal pleasure from the session.  
In ours, not having had any real specific instructions from the victim
and finding herself in total control, she could be herself without any
inhibitions and despite my final climax, she admitted after, that she instinctively
realized that most of the time, from my reactions, she really was inflicting
real, genuine pain and agony on me – and what an erotic turn on my obvious
suffering had been – especially as I’d been such a supercilious, patronizing
‘creep’ early on.

The end came with distressing suddenness. She had been mentioning for
some time, arguments with the ‘owner’ of the squat about money. I’d been
away and upon phoning her, got the disengaged signal. I shot around to
the place right away, but the door was answered by a fat Asian chap who,
apparently irritated at all the blokes calling at the door for her, claimed
he had just moved in and knew nothing at all about this woman. I desperately
searched for her in all the areas where mistresses advertise, but she never
reappeared on the scene. Perhaps she went off with some rich slave who
satisfied her sadistic instincts.  Perhaps she gave up or even went
abroad to live, I just don’t know. I do know I now wish I’d proposed to
her when I had the opportunity.

01/04/01
