---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/jennys_birthday.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Jenny's Birthday Vacation
authors:
- PetulantKim
tags:
- F+/f
- M/f
- solo-f
- D/s
- bond
- party
- display
- oral
- fist
- mast
- cons
- X
---

This is the end of a longer story that stands by itself.  Petulant
Kim wrote for her dear friend Jenny of Jenny Stories also here on Gromets
site.  It would have been posted sooner but Kim afraid of incurring
Jenny’s wrath had to get permission from Jenny first!  Enjoy. 
As the story opens Jenny is Kim’s bottom for the evening and is dressed
only in a white leather slave collar, white open leather halter bra, and
a wide white bondage belt.

**Jenny’s Birthday Vacation with Kim**

Tuesday, 9:45 PM

Kim turned off the Long Island Expressway at Glen Cove and proceeded
along a tree-lined boulevard.  It had stopped raining.  Glen
Cove was an exclusive suburb of Queens right on the Nassau County line
where old elegant mansions mingled new and old money together.  Kim
turned into a gated drive and announced her invitation on the intercom. 
The gate slid open and silently closed behind them.  The drive made
a sudden sharp turn into a circular drive in front of an elegant two story
brick Tudor.

Kim had explained to Jenny on the drive that the house belonged to Elisha
and Robert, television news producers in their mid-forties and their hosts
for the evening.  Including Kim and Jenny, there would be approximately
six other guests, some couples, some single.  Everyone invited would
be bringing his or her personal slave or bondage servant.  All and
all, Kim expected about twenty people to be at the dinner party. 
Kim explained that once they entered the house, she would be free to talk
and would be treated as all the other guests including joining everyone
at dinner.  Kim said that she had been to only one of their parties
before and that they were a relaxing, erotic experience.  Kim assured
Jenny she would feel quite at ease even in her nearly naked state among
the other bondage servants and guests.

Kim got out of the car and took off her raincoat laying it over the
seat.  She checked to make sure her stocking seams were still straight
and than went round to open the door for Jenny.  Turning Jenny around
she helped her off with her coat.  Although it was late May, Jenny
immediately got goose bumps from the cold Canadian air mass that was hanging
over the area.  Kim reached into her purse and took out a small white
leather leash about three feet long and clipped it to the D-ring at the
front of Jenny’s white leather collar.  Telling her to stand up straight
and hold her head up Kim did a last minute check of Jenny, tucking in a
strand of hair that had come loose.  "Just be yourself and obey me,
remember your safe word, and for goodness sake girl, hold your head up!"

With that they went and were received at the front door, their hosts
answering themselves.  The large sumptuous living room off the foyer
was filled with people.  Jenny surmised that they must be the last
guests to arrive.  Kim introduced her to Elisha and Robert. 
"My you are a delicate creature," Elisha said.  "I can see why Kim
was so anxious to have us all see you, turn around and let us get a good
look at you."

Robert was obviously Italian, about 5’8",
a little on the heavy side, but immaculately dressed and handsome in the
way that older Italian man can be.  But Jenny was simply blown away
by Elisha.  Even in her flat soft evening shoes, Elisha was at least
6’1" and simply thin as a rail, Jenny doubting she could weigh much over
105 pounds.  Elisha was wearing a dark red see through evening shift
that draped over one shoulder, her long black hair cascading loosely down
her back reaching slightly past her waist.   Jenny guessed she
was of Spanish descent.  Jenny who had barely 31A breasts could see
that this woman who was stunningly beautiful was also absolutely flat chested.  
Letting her eyes trail down, she could make out the outline of Elisha’s
Venus mound and an astonishing long large bush of pubic hair.  What
most excited Jenny about Elisha though, were her wrists and hands. 
Elisha had delicate hands and long slender fingers with short but exquisite
nails.  Her wrists were so thin, that Jenny believed that as small
as her own hands were, that even she would be able to encircle Elisha’s
wrists with her thumb and forefinger.  As Elisha reached to Kim for
Jenny’s leash, Jenny smiled as she thought of where she would like to feel
these long slender hands and wrists!

"Robert, take Kim and get her a drink, while I show Jenny the house
and introduce her to the other guests".  With that she led Jenny off
down the hallway on her leash and turned leading her into the kitchen.  
A woman and a man in crisply starched black and white shirts and trousers
with bow ties were busy preparing dinner.  They totally ignored Elisha
and Jenny as they entered the kitchen.  Jenny then noticed the leather
slave collars.  'Well trained', Jenny thought, 'see nothing, hear nothing,
and speak nothing, perfectly trained slaves'.  Elisha stopped by a
large stainless steel refrigerator, gleaming so you could see your reflection
in it.  Pushing Jenny’s back against the door, she brought her knee
between Jenny’s legs forcing Jenny even harder against the cold steel while
at the same time winding Jenny’s leash around her hand until it was close
to Jenny’s neck and pulled Jenny lips forward to her own.  Jenny felt
her hot tongue on hers as Elisha molded her whole body to Jenny’s. 
Jenny had goose bumps all over again but couldn’t tell if they were from
the cold door at her back or the hot electric kiss of Elisha.  Its
got to be the kiss Jenny decided as a shiver went through her loins. 
What an incredible, sexy, alluring woman this was!

Releasing her, Elisha said, "Kim was right, you are very special."

"Thank you, madam" replied Jenny.

Laughing, Elisha said to just call
her Elisha, that everyone was relaxed and on first name basis here, even
the most devoted servants and slaves.  Since everyone knew their place,
there was no need for formalities.  Elisha leash in hand placed her
arm around Jenny’s waist and took her to the other end of the kitchen,
pointing out the pool and gardens out back.  She than took Jenny into
the large living room.  Actually, living room was not quite the word. 
It was more a combination living room, dining room, playroom and stage,
about twenty-five by fifty foot.  A large magnificent dining room
table was at one end fully capable of seating all of the guests around
it.  At the opposite end of the room was a twelve by twenty foot swimming
pool in which two red headed young woman were playing completely naked. 
In between the dining table and the pool was a raised little theater in
the round about a foot high and ten feet around surrounded by settees,
love seats, easy chairs, and love seats.  Every inch of the floor
and stage was carpeted in lush hunter green deep pile carpet rolling like
a lawn right up to the edges of the pool and over across the room where
it hugged a large fireplace which had a roaring fire going to take the
chill out of the night air.

The room was full, noisy, and festive.  Elisha introduced Jenny
to a tall blonde lady around perhaps forty, named Diane.  She was
dressed in a chic, but simple black cocktail dress.  Standing at her
side was the largest black man Jenny had ever seen.  He was at least
six foot six and must have weighed 250 pounds, his arms, legs and chest
bulging muscles.  He had the most interesting slave collar, a half-inch
burnished stainless steel band completely seamless.  Diane laughing
said, "I had to cram a half inch of asbestos under the collar almost choking
him while I welded it together and he still got a rather nasty burn from
it!"  Diane introduced him as Derrick and Jenny shook his giant hand. 
The only thing he was wearing was a leather loincloth in the style of an
American Indian.  Diane saw Jenny sneak a glance at the loincloth
smiled and lifted it.  "It’s all right to look Jenny, he is my property".

Jenny was surprised to see the tiny scrotum, simply limp skin hanging under
what seemed to be an almost atrophied penis.  Dropping the loincloth,
Diane told Jenny that she was a probation officer for the state of New
York.  Derrick was one of her parolees on a rape charge.  He
got drunk one night and raped another woman and was promptly caught now
facing a twenty-five year sentence.  Diane explained that first she
convinced Derrick and than a judge that he could be castrated in lieu of
jail time.  His predatory sexual behavior would cease and it would
save the state money.  Derrick agreed to it and the judge went along. 
After the operation and six months of counseling he was released back to
me as a parolee.  "I liked him so much I decided to keep him", laughed
Diane.  "He is entirely devoted, and harmless as a puppy.  He
takes care of my every need from ironing my clothes to getting me off with
his marvelous tongue after a particularly hard day".  Derrick smiled
at Diane and at Jenny as they talked pleased to be the center of attention.

As Elisha and Jenny went by the pool the two red heads swimming came
to the edge and called out to Elisha, "who’s slave is she, Elisha?"

"This is Jenny girls, and she belongs to Kim whom you met one time before",
said Elisha.

"I love your nipples, Jenny, come in and play with us."

As Elisha talked Jenny thought she was seeing double, than realized she
was.  The two women were identical twins with the same dark hair with
red strands through it as Jenny’s.  The twins were about 5’6" with
flashing green eyes and simply incredible bodies, full breasts and hips,
and perfectly proportioned waists.  Elisha told Jenny as they moved
to a couch where an older couple was sitting, that their names were Linda
and Lane and that they were twenty-eight years old.

Elisha led Jenny to the couch where the older couple was setting, introduced
Jenny to them as Doris and Ben, than handed Jenny’s leash to Doris asking
her to watch her pet while she went to check on dinner.  Sitting between
Doris and Ben she could tell they simply adored her.  At first taken
aback, Jenny soon relaxed as Doris and Ben caressed and felt her body. 
"You have the most lovely nipples, Jenny", said Doris. "I would
gladly trade with you".  Seeing Jenny’s quizzical look at Doris’s rather
large breasts, Doris said, "My nipples are inverted.  I couldn’t nurse
my children with them and they never have been sensitive."

"Oh,"
said Jenny.  Doris and Ben were a handsome couple with white hair,
the picture of health, and each had deep creases on tanned bodies as if
they spent a lot of time sailing.  "If you don’t’ mind, " Jenny asked,
"How old are you?"  Doris told her she was seventy-three and Ben was
sixty-nine.  Jenny told both of them how marvelous, healthy and happy
they looked.  Doris and Ben, beaming thanked her profusely.  
Jenny than asked if they were relatives of Robert or Elisha, their hosts
for the evening.

"Oh, my no," said Doris.  "We are guests
just like you."  That’s our randy little sex slaves playing in the
pool over there."  Linda and Lane, seeing Doris and Jenny looking
their way waved to them and went back to play.  Jenny thought she
might actually have blushed.  After all, how many couples into bondage
invite their parents or in-laws to dine at a bondage party.  "It’s
all right Dear," said Ben. " Doris and I both like women so we got a pair. 
Sometimes we even get the twins mixed up at night, but neither seems to
mind."

As Jenny sat and looked around the room she saw a gay man with a male
slave whose penis was in a cock cage, a black lesbian couple with the most
dainty small Japanese woman, naked without even a slave collar, with exquisitely
detailed flower tattoos around her breasts and vagina and who, by her smiling
face, belonged body and soul to the two black woman.   Doris
and Ben were pointing out people and slaves and telling Jenny the names
of the guests and slaves when Elisha came out and announced dinner.

Kim came, greeted Doris and Ben, than Kim and Jenny sat beside them
during dinner, which was fabulous.  It was a gay party filled with
laughter, plenty of wine and good food.  Jenny could not remember
when she had received so many compliments in one night.

After dinner everyone moved to the lounge chairs and sofas around the
little entertainment stage.  Servants put more logs on the fire and
brandy was served.  As a servant dimmed the room lights and turned
on small spots over the stage, Jenny sipped her brandy and leaned back
against Kim on the sofa.  Kim was lounging with her feet up and pulled
Jenny close to her kissing the side of her neck.

The tall blonde Diane walked to the little stage stepped up and as music
began to play softly, slowly and sensuously began to remove her clothes. 
Her large black eunuch took each item of clothing as she removed it carefully
folding them and placing them out of the way.  It was a very intimate
setting, Diane not being more than ten feet from those seated around her. 
Diane took the pins out of her French twist and shook out her long blonde
hair.  Motioning to the eunuch he came forward.   As Diane
faced him he put one hand under her bottom and the other under her back
and lifted her until she could place her legs over his shoulders. 
He than pulled her cunt to his lips with the hand on her bottom and with
the other hand supported Diane’s back at an almost horizontal angle her
long blonde hair trailing toward the floor.   As Diane dropped
her head she could see the guests looking at the show although from and
upside down position.  The eunuch slowly turned as he began to get
Diane off with his tongue and mouth so everyone could see.

As she
began to work toward orgasm Diane slowly closed her eyes as her man continued
massaging her cunt with his mouth.  It was a simply amazing demonstration
of strength on the eunuch’s part.  Diane was not a small woman and
probably weighed around 140 pounds.  Finally, after about fifteen
minutes, Diane, eyes still closed began cumming.  As she moaned and
her orgasm began to shake her body the guests applauded quietly. 
In the bright spot light Jenny could see the sweat on the eunuchs brow
and the juices from Diane’s orgasm dripping down his chin and onto his
chest.  Finally Diane was satiated.  Derrick now lifted and swung
Diane around holding her under her back and legs with Diane hanging one
arm around his neck.  Laughing, Diane said "Thank you dear friends,
I do so like to please everyone, while I’m pleasing myself."

"To
the shower, Derrick," commanded Diane and they disappeared down the hallway.

Jenny and Kim snuggled closer as Midori, the dainty Japanese woman took
the stage.  Already naked, the spot light illuminated the delicate
tattooing around her breasts and vagina.  She bowed as Japanese music,
flute and strings started to play.  For approximately fifteen minutes
she held everyone spellbound with her dancing.  Jenny whispered to
Kim that she couldn’t believe how supple Midori’s body was.  Kim whispered
back to Jenny that she hadn’t seen anything yet.  Midori was a true
contortionist.   True to Kim’s words, as Jenny watched in awe,
the music slowed and Midori using her hands as legs palms flat on the floor
got into a position almost impossible to describe with words.  It
was one of those things you have to see for yourself.  As Midori held
her body up with her hands she contorted her body until she could perform
oral sex on herself.  She came quickly obviously already very turned
on by the audience and the pride that her owners displayed in her. 
As Midori slowly unwound herself, Jenny leaned her head way back so she
could look at Kim.  Kim had been absently rubbing Jenny’s breasts
and stroking Jenny’s vagina as they watched Midori.  Jenny kissed
Kim and whispered, "that little trick of Midori’s would sure come in handy
on a rainy day at home alone, wouldn’t it?"  Kim nodded and agreed
with her.

Midori left the small stage to applause and bravo’s smiling as she returned
to her owners knowing they were pleased.

Kim whispered in Jenny’s ear that it was her turn to entertain the guests. 
Jenny relaxed by the dinner, wine, and non-threatening atmosphere of the
party didn’t need coaxing.  Remembering Kim’s last minute instructions
before they arrived, Jenny held her head up and allowed Kim to lead her
to the center of the small stage.

Kim unclipped the soft white silken cord passing through her vulva and
removed it.  Taking a large oval pillow from the edge of the stage
Kim positioned it under her buttocks, had her sit on it and than instructed
her to lie down.  From underneath the edge of the stage Kim retrieved
four white leather cuffs with D-rings and fastened one to each of Jenny’s
wrists and ankles.  Again, from under the edge of the stage Kim produced
four rubber bungee straps and secured Jenny in a spread eagle position
by attaching a rubber strap to each of the D-rings on her cuffs and than
to the eyebolts under the edge of the stage.

Kim whispered to Jenny in a calm reassuring manner while she arranged
her on the small stage.  She explained that because it was her first
real public performance, that the guests would remain quiet and the lights,
except for the stage would be turned off.  This was intended to allow
her to imagine she was alone without anyone watching and thus to relax
her in her coming performance.  It was kind of surreal, thought Jenny,
as she turned her head from side to side.  She could just barely make
out a couple of blurred faces lit only by the glow from the embers in the
fireplace where the fire had been allowed to die down during the earlier
performances.

Soft alluring music started as Kim reached for a bottle of massage oil, 
which had just appeared already open on the edge of the stage.  Kim
began to massage her breasts and arms all the while quietly talking to
her as she worked, telling her how beautiful she was and what magnificent
nipples she possessed.  She told her how many compliments she had
received on having brought such an intelligent, talented, well-mannered,
sweet tempered and obedient and submissive woman for them to enjoy.

Jenny closed her eyes as Kim began to softly stroke her vagina with
her fingers gently sliding first one than two fingers in and out of her. 
As she began to respond to Kim’s gentle touch, she suddenly remembered
that at least twenty people were now watching her respond to Kim’s soft
touches while she was not only displayed for all to see, but responding
also.  The thought of someone watching her, which just a few weeks
ago was sort of scary to her, produced to her amazement now, just the opposite
effect.  Jenny writhed upward against Kim’s fingers invading her snatch,
the thought now of twenty strangers watching heightening the erotic intensity
of her feelings.   At the sudden thrust of four fingers instead
of two Jenny opened her eyes and saw not Kim but Elisha’s smiling face
setting on the floor beside her, her long black hair spilling down and
over Jenny’s thighs.

With her fingers still in her, Elisha bent forward bringing her succulent
red lips to meet Jenny’s own for the second time this evening.  Again
Jenny felt the hot electric jolt of this sensual woman’s delicious, ambrosial
lips on hers as Elisha’s sweet vanilla scented fragrance wafted about her. 
Jenny’s breasts tingled and her thighs quivered as Elisha kissed her fully,
deeply, and longingly.  Jenny could taste Elisha now and her taste
was an aphrodisiac in itself stirring the most primitive sexual desire
she had ever experienced.  Now succumbing fully to this beautiful,
provocative sensual woman, Jenny writhed against her fingers, forgetting
the adoring audience, forgetting where she was, forgetting everything except
these sweet sweet lips of Elisha and the shameless lust she felt for this
beautiful prurient creature who seemed to be able to hold her very essence
in those lips.

Elisha pulled from her lips and placing two fingers against Jenny’s
lips to quiet her protest, at the same time slipped her entire hand inside
Jenny’s vagina, fingers extended, her thumb against her palm.  Never
had she felt a hand enter her so effortlessly and she voluntary contracted
against Elisha’s hand, and strained against her bound arms, as she arched
her back to lift her pelvis even more wanting to impale herself on Elisha’s
beautiful slender hand and fingers.   Jenny felt the first tendrils
of her impending orgasm start to spread outward from her loins causing
an involuntary contraction at the exact same moment Elisha closed her slender
hand into a fist.

Jenny screamed as her orgasm rocked her, contracting her vaginal canal
tightly over and over again, Elisha keeping perfect tempo with her rapturous
orgasm, relaxing her hand and contracting it into a fist in perfect time
with Jenny.  And now as this seemingly endless orgasm began to ebb
slowly away she felt Elisha’s wrist in her vagina and could feel Elisha’s
rounded fist filling her uterus as she had never been filled before. 
Elisha again placed two fingers on Jenny’s mouth as she began to withdraw
her hand, Jenny sucking on Elisha’s fingers wanted all she could possible
have of this voluptuous woman!

Jenny slowly, very slowly, with Elisha stroking her head, returned from
the heights Elisha had taken her.   And than she heard clapping
and shouts of Bravo, Bravo from the twenty guests assembled as the lights
came up, and Kim was swiftly releasing her from her bounds.  Elisha
and Kim helped her to a large overstuffed sofa.  Elisha’s husband
Robert said, "That was simply magnificent darling, the best performance
of the evening".  Jenny thanked him and surprised even herself when
she told him she hoped to be able to perform again for him sometime. 
Jenny had always wondered if strippers and dancers got an erotic thrill
out of performing in front of a crowd with strangers tucking tips into
their panties.  As she sat and snuggled against Elisha on the couch
while Kim snuggled with Elisha’s husband Robert at the other end, Jenny
knew she had experienced an erotic experience many women desired but were
too afraid to ever act upon.

Jenny and Elisha snuggled and necked while Kim and Robert did the same
as the redheaded twins Linda and Lane gave the last performance of the
evening.  They both appeared wearing jeans that look as if they had
been airbrushed on and tight silk blouses that showed every ample curve. 
They than proceeded to undress each other and expressed their sisterly
love for each other in ways that Jenny had never seen before.  Jenny
imagined Doris and Ben got plenty of exercise working out these two everyday!

The evening ended with hot coffee and cake.  Jenny took a dip in
the pool with Linda and Lane who told her they both hoped Doris and Ben
would have her over to play some time, both giggling like young schoolgirls. 
Kim and Jenny than thanked their hosts for a wonderful evening and left
at the same time other guests were saying their good nights.  Kim
took off Jenny’s bondage wear and sandals and produced from the back seat
Jenny’s own jeans, tee, and tennis shoes.

Elisha followed them to the car as Kim got in and started it. 
Elisha wrapped Jenny in another embrace and lingering kiss.  She whispered
to Jenny that she would love to see her and have her all to herself when
she visited the U.K. later in the summer.  She slipped her phone number
into Jenny’s pocket with a smile as she opened the door and helped her
in.

Jenny and Kim slept in until eleven the next morning, checked out of
the hotel after a quick brunch and headed for Kim’s home in Pennsylvania
around one o’clock in the afternoon.  The city and suburbs soon gave
way to the rolling green hills of Pennsylvania’s Appalachian mountains. 
They arrived at Kim’s home in Pennsylvania as the sun was setting.

Jenny smiled as Kim turned to her, leaned and gave her a kiss and said,
"I’m all yours for the remainder of your visit!"

I would love to get feedback from my stories, please send me you comments: petulantkim@yahoo.com
