---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesek/initiation3.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: The Initiation 3
authors:
- Jezziebelle
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- D/s
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**The Initiation 2**](initiation2.html))

**ROB**

Walking round Asda I am kept in constant state of arousal.

The thought of my proud and stubborn wife to be waiting for me in handcuffs
and leg irons had a certain poignancy that makes me walk funny due to a
hard on the size of the Blackpool Tower.

She has changed my outlook on her and she has also made me wonder if
I know her at all. I have to reassess my life style and how I will have
to treat her. Before I used to treat her with kid gloves and after my first
divorce had decided to treat her as a lady, and now she wanted to make
her my slave. God, it was a total come about.

We came to some sort of crossroads last night so I need a little space
and although I long to return home and bend her over the settee and roger
her rigid, I deliberately take my time.

Getting the rest of the food I pick up some other things and go to my
car, still with a hard on.

On the drive home I think about what I can do and how to go about it.
God knows I am not a natural at what she wants me to do, but I think I
can do it. I grin to myself and chuckle an evil chuckle. I could get to
like playing a baddy.

Pulling up at the house, I see our neighbour Mrs Babcock looking at
me very funnily. I smile at her and she just tuts and walks in the house.
Oh well, I think as I get the shopping bags out and unlock the door.

And what a beautiful sight there is to behold. She looks superb. And
so pissed off and maybe horny. She is kneeling by the stairs, sort of looking
down and trying to not show how she felt and at the same time I know she
was mad.

I walk in the hallway and close the door.

“Darling, I’m home!” I say and she looks up at me. And half smiles
at me.

Then she bent down and made her forehead touch the floor.

I was puzzled until I realised that she was honouring me, and I was
shocked. The whole fabric of our relationship was changing.

And I am not quite sure what to do about it.

As I lift her up, I wonder if she was taking the piss slightly with
the bowing thing; and looking deep into her eyes, I kiss her.

I get the feeling she is desperate when she unbuckles my belt.

“Err, what are you doing?”

She pauses and looks up.

“I have the shopping to put away first,” I say. She gives me the Amy
look of ‘you cannot be serious!’.

I smile and point her to the kitchen and tell her to wait for me in
there.

Have you ever seen anyone try to stamp their feet while cuffed? It’s
funny.

“Amy come here!” I snap. She stops and turns round and looks at me.
Rage, lust and something I cannot decipher flicker across her face. I hand
her two carrier bags to carry and notice just how hard her nipples are.

I walk past her into the kitchen thinking about what I will do next.

I make us a coffee each as she tries to pack the shopping away, hampered
by chains, and carry the cups into the lounge, placing them on the table.

Then I wait for Amy to catch up. It’s weird to see the woman you love
sort of hobble into a room taking small steps. The way the chains glint
in the sun light and the light and shadows of the vertical blinds cast
upon her creamy white skin made me think how beautiful my wife to be really
is.

She eventually sits down beside me and has to lift her legs up onto
the cushion due the length of the chain and I realise how difficult it
must be. Still, I think, if this is what she wants…

“I love you!” I say as I hold the coffee cup to her lips.

She sips at it and smiles.

**AMY**

‘I love you too,’ I say, snapping out of my headtrip. Despite the chains,
suddenly everything seems normal again.

The expression on Rob’s face is a mixture of affection, triumph and
fear. He knows he’s done well so far, but is still worried about what I’ve
asked him to do. Perhaps it is time for a little reassurance.

‘It’s not all that easy for you, is it?’ I ask. He shrugs before replying.

‘I like that you like what I’m doing. And I’m starting to see how erotic
this can be. But it still doesn’t make sense. I just want to take you in
my arms and make love to you.’

I smile, and kiss him. ‘I would like that too. It’s just… it’s as if
there’s a hidden compartment inside me where there’s all this sexuality
waiting to be released. It’s probably way beyond what most people experience
in their lives. And I’ve given you the key to it. Even if it’s scary, the
reward should be worth it. But… it’s kind of scary for me to. I need you
to push me towards it. Right now, I want nothing more than for you to release
me and take me upstairs. I’m so aroused, and so frustrated, and half way
mad and humiliated, but those are what I have to go through to get to the
other side.’ I can feel a dreamy smile slipping over my face. ‘Somewhere
where every inch of me belongs to you and I’ve opened everything to you.
You saw me in the hallway when you came in. Half of me was angry and desperate
to be released and fucked senseless. The other half was in total awe of
you and bent her head to the floor, without thinking about it, to show
how much she wants to be yours in body and spirit.’

Rob frowns softly, taking it in. I continue. ‘So, if you like, you could
release me now and we can go upstairs and have a wonderful time. I would
like that a lot, honestly I would. But I can also glimpse what it might
be like if you carried on, maybe not today but another day…’

I see a flicker of a smile pass across his features, and I look closely
at him. ‘You’ve got an idea, haven’t you?’ My eyes grow wide and sparkle
with anticipation, and my pulse rate begins to rise. ‘You know what you
want to do to me. Please show me. There’s nothing you can do that would
be wrong. I want to learn with you. Show me. Please.’

**ROB**

A strange feeling has come over me as if I own the heart of someone.
I know that she loves me and everything but nowadays marriages seem to
come and go as easy as the tide. I love my wife to be, but never totally
understood why she loves me. So for her make this statement totally throws
me. I smile but don’t know why.

I have though learned with Amy that she is better for being kept waiting.

“Okay, well, I need to hoover the house seeing as you couldn’t be bothered,”
I
say, hiding a smile at her look of frustration. I go and fetch the hoover
and watch her pissed-off look grow as I walk past her with the vacuum and
continue to think about what Amy has said.

Eventually I finish and look at her. “Upstairs now!”

I try a stern tone in my voice. She struggles to her feet and with a
strange glare goes up one at a time. It’s weird to watch her have to overcome
her bonds. The chain is a little short, I concede to myself, as her bottom
cheeks tense for each step. Then I think, well, she is coping with it.
It also dawns on me that from the shine of juices running down her thighs
she is also bloody turned on.

Oh Amy, I think, you couldn’t play with yourself while I was away. I
smile at the power of my denying her this thing. Amy once put on a show
for me of her and a vibrator that made have wet dreams for a week. I add
that to my growing knowledge of Amy’s tortures that I need to learn.

**AMY**

In the bedroom, he strips off the bedding and gestures to me so I am
lying only on the flat sheet that covers the mattress.

‘Lie still,’ he orders, and I do, following him only with my eyes. He
releases my wrist cuffs from the belt, and raises my arms above my head,
using a length of rope to secure them to the railings at the head of the
bed. I am excited beyond all reason already, and encourage him with slight
moans and sighs.

Then, he does something that I hadn’t ever thought of and my reaction
of surprise coupled with arousal is strong and genuine. The feedback he’s
receiving is making him more confident. He squeezes a folded-over pillow
between the top of my head and the railings, then presses two more folded-over
pillows against the sides of my head. He’s wrapping me up in cushions,
so I can’t turn my head or see anything apart from a narrow strip of ceiling.
He then winds a long length of rope round and round the pillows, securing
them in place, and runs it in each direction to the side of the bed, knotting
it tightly to the frame that supports the mattress.

He then moves down to my waist, and ties long lengths of rope to the
metal rings at each side of my belt. He pulls them taut to the edges of
the bed, and knots the ends to the frame. Little by little, moving down
my body, he’s making me helpless. I must remember to compliment him on
the technique. All I can think of is how he’s going to tie my legs…

I forget his command to lie still. By this time, I’m writhing and moaning,
only the top half of my body hasn’t got much room to move. As Rob lifts
my legs, still cuffed at the ankles, I hear myself whispering things like
‘Oh jesus’ and a soft ‘don’t…’ which of course means exactly the opposite.
Rob, bless his generous heart, remembers that when I protest the most,
I’m liking it best. He continues to bend my legs at the hips, till they
are pointing over my head at a 45 degree angle towards the wall behind
me.

I’m lost in the sensations, desperately waiting for his cock inside
me, but I can feel some hesitation flowing from him.

‘Tighter,’ I breathe, ‘tighter,’ and after a second he pushes my legs
all the way back, so I am bent double, my bottom lifting slightly from
the bed as far as the ropes attached to my belt will allow. He swiftly
secures the chain between my ankle cuffs to the railings at the head of
the bed. I am held tautly, with no movement available.

His work is rewarded as I shudder instantly into a mini orgasm, which
I know he notices and recognises.

**ROB**

As I look down on Amy and how I have tied her I smile.  She is
taught and strained. I have to admit that she is so superb to look at like
this and I mentally pat myself on the back for thinking of this.

As I strip of my clothes I look at her with different eyes.

The rope holding her head is okay, wrists fine, not changing colour,
and her thighs are slightly trembling. I notice as a tremor runs through
her body and wonder if she has come. Her buttocks are spread slightly and
the star of her bottom hole is slightly parted. Her pussy is running like
a fountain and twitching. The minx, she did come, I think and now I have
to admit to never seeing my love so horny.

Moving to the bed I admire the way her nipples are digging into her
thigh tops and the mounds of her breast are pressed flat.

I also think she cannot keep the position for long so grabbing something
from my bag I carry it onto the bed. And slit the packaging.

I reach down and run my fingers from her ankles down to her inner thigh
and dip one into her.  As I feel the heat and passion that has built
up, she spasms slightly and I do something I have never done before.

**AMY**

‘I didn’t think you did as much cleaning as you could have done,’ he
comments eventually. ‘So I’m going to help myself to your services now.’

With the pillows restricting my vision and my movement, and my legs
above me, I can see very little. Every brain cell is focusing on the sensations
from my bound body.

Rob is kneeling on the bed in front of me, stroking and mauling my oh-too-accessible
bottom with alternately gentle and passionate touches. He runs his fingers
up and down the backs of my legs, and I tremble at the sensation. All the
while, I’m writhing ever so slightly in my bonds, loving the feeling yet
a little scared of being so well bound for the first time, hoping he enjoys
the sight of me so helpless. And so exposed – I feel like a blow up doll,
just sitting waiting to be penetrated.

I think it takes him by surprise as much as it does me when he plants
an exploratory spank on the left side of my bottom. He freezes, as if he’d
got carried away and wasn’t sure if I’d like it. But I do like it. It didn’t
hurt, not in any serious way. The hot tingle that results, and the memory
of the sound makes me moan out loud. ‘Again,’ I whisper to reassure him,
and he obliges on the other side. I shout out that time, in what I hope
is unmistakeable arousal.

At that point, perhaps unable to restrain himself, he slides straight
into me. I’m so wet I’m completely ready for him, but the position is a
deep one and I gasp as he plunges in. He’s on his knees, thrusting rapidly,
his hands grasping my legs as I writhe beneath him, trying to hold back
the orgasm that’s about to rush me any minute. I can’t do it. My climax
coincides with the last and hardest thrusts of his, and the combination
is astounding.

Leave me bound, I try to project telepathically, there’s more to come.
I’ll say it out loud if I have to, but want to give him a chance to realise
it himself. As he withdraws and climbs from the bed, the only sound being
our combined breathing, I wait anxiously.

Slowly, it dawns on me that he’d not planning to release me right away,
and I shudder in delight. To be bound in such a position, soundly fucked,
and then left to stew… oh god, he’s going to be a good master.

I realise later it’s the lure of a new toy that sways his decision.
I feel him climb back onto the bed, and start stroking my bottom again.
He’s sliding his fingers inside me, transferring my juices downwards…

‘Oh, Rob,’ I whisper as I realise what he’s doing. I’ve always known
he’s wanted to, and I’ve always been intrigued, but haven’t yet allowed
him to…

‘Whilst I have you here…’ he replies in an amused tone. He must know
I won’t safeword to stop him – but if I was free, I’d probably pull away.
He’s realised that. He’s very clever.

When he’s wet my ass liberally, I feel a slight pressure. Later on,
when I see it, I see it’s a purple jelly-plastic object, like a narrow
dildo made up of little balls of increasing sizes. It’s the smallest ball
at the tip that’s now demanding entrance. Suddenly, it pops inside me and
I shout out. He slides it out again, and adds to the lubrication with some
stuff out of a tube. It’s cold and makes me shiver. This time, two balls
are pressed inside me.

Working in slow fascination, he pulls it out, and then slides it straight
back in, this time three balls deep. He continues in that fashion, loosening
me up, until he’s running the full length inside me each time. By this
time I’m writhing freely, moaning continually, totally stressed out and
yet somehow loving the sensation of him sliding this thing into my ass
without a thing I can do about it.

Eventually, before I get sore or tired, he slips a finger inside me
and reaches for my g spot as he continues to slide the object in and out
of my ass, poppoppoppoppoppoppop. With a few practised caresses, I’m coming
hard and long, pushing myself against his hand.

‘Next time,’ he whispers, ‘we’ll go all the way.’

Now, he does release me, and I’m thankful. I stretch my limbs, and immediately
wrap myself around him, snuggling into his arms.

**ROB**

I lie with my beloved, both of us sweaty, smelly and sated and I realise
that I am out of my depth. But also that if I want to keep this woman who
means more to me that the world I will have to adjust. The anal toy I like.
I just wish it was me that was deep in her. Oh god, I think as I hold on
tight, stroking her back.

**AMY**

We begin to talk, quietly.

‘That was amazing,’ I say, holding him tight. ‘You tied me really well,
and then pushed at my limits… how did you know?’

‘I didn’t,’ he replies. ‘I just tried to do what came naturally, after
what you’ve told me. You really liked it?’

I’m half speechless but I reply anyway. ‘Oh god, yes…’

We’re silent for a while, and then he asks, ‘What else could I do?’

‘First of all,’ I reply, ‘did you enjoy it?’

He looks into my eyes and sees genuine concern. He smiles. ‘I was nervous,
but yes, I did. You make me see things from a different perspective. It’s
scary, but seductive, and you know I’ll do anything for you. But I still
need tips.’

I prop myself up on my elbow, and stroke his chest. ‘Well…’ I say, a
smile twitching at the corners of my mouth. ‘I really liked that you bound
me so securely, and so methodically. That will always be a winner. I’d
love it if you could push my limits without encouragement. I’d rather ask
you to loosen something, then ask you to tighten it. There’s honestly nothing
you could do within safe limits that could hurt or offend me. I trust you
implicitly.’

‘Anything specific?’ he asks.

‘Any number… tie my hands behind me. Make me kneel. Blindfold me. Leave
me tied up and filled with a vibrator.  Wrap me up from head to toe.
Anything and everything, in any combination,’ I grin. ‘Maybe in the future
when you’re more confident you could gag and blindfold me at the same time,
even hood me. And I’d love to be laced into a stiff, narrow corset… I’m
sorry, am I going too far?’

‘Blimey,’ comments Rob. ‘I’ll see what I can do. But be patient.’

‘I will,’ I promise.

I’ve made myself horny again with all this talk, so I slide on top of
him and give him the gentle lovemaking that I know he likes best. By the
end, I think he’s happy again.

**ROB**

As we make love without the aid of a safety rope I hold my Amy close
and wonder just how we will be in two years. Will this make me a bad person
or just someone who loves his partner so much he will hurt her?

But I have to admit I like the sexual side of this and if it makes her
happy I will do it.

**AMY**

During the next week, nothing kinky happens. That’s fine by me. I don’t
need to be tied up all the time. I’m riding high on the memories of last
time, and on how I’m getting on with Rob this week. We seem somehow more
connected, and swim happily through the week, work, meeting friends, nights
in, and everything. I put it all down to Rob’s kind nature and his indulgence
of my weird tastes. I just hope he’s as happy as me. He certainly seems
so.

To top it all, we have a holiday booked and we’re flying out on Saturday
to San Francisco. I love going to new places, and can’t wait. I’ve packed
all my bags 24 hours in advance. Rob is a little slower. He packs whilst
I’m phoning for a taxi to the airport and showering. As he jumps into the
shower, I sneak a guilty look inside his case.

I’m punished for my prying by finding there’s no little surprises inside.
No rope, no handcuffs, nothing. Disappointed, I try to swallow my bitterness.
I can’t ask for everything, and after all we are going on holiday. By the
time Rob and I step into the taxi, I’m 99% happy again. The remaining 1%
is gnashing its teeth.

[Continues in
Part 4](initiation4.html)

01.06.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!

story continues in [**The Initiation 4**](initiation4.html)

o0o
