---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/new_position.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The New Position
authors:
- Rubberseal
tags:
- F/m
- latex
- bond
- bodymod
- mc
- slave
- cons
- X
---

James Florin was in his usual depressed state when he picked up the early
morning paper that day. As usual, he opened the paper straight to the employment
section and scanned the
lengthy list of job-wanted adds. Till now, his inability to pick up a job of any kind stemmed from his lack
of training and generally poor education. This difficulty had proved his major downfall at all his other
previous job interviews.

Never at that time of his life being interested is school work had left him with
only what you would call 'basic work skills.' He scanned the first page only stopping once or twice to
circle a few hopefuls with his pen before he turned the page. The small advertisement on the center of that
next page hit him like a baseball bat across the face. If the printer of the paper had known his name,
James was sure that he would have had his name written all across it, it was perfect
for him and he knew it.
_**"Wanted" – Driver and odd-jobs man. Successful applicant must
have current Driver's licence and a faultless driving history, these are essential. Must be between 25 to 30 years of age, willing to work long
hours and be ready to start almost immediately."***
Ripping out the section of paper that held the gem of an article, he went straight to the
phone out in the hall of the apartment block in which he was currently staying. His dialing finger
trembled slightly as he hit the respective numbers in their correct order. The phone was answered almost
immediately. The voice on the other end was, female and very well cultured. Answering a few quick questions,
he was elated to hear that he had obtained an interview for 11 o'clock today at an address in a fairly
snotty suburb on the other side of town._

_Later that morning he spent a fair portion of the small amount of money he had left and got a stylish haircut
for himself. Returning to his apartment poorer than he was before, he dressed in his best clothes before
eagerly catching one of the regular council buses from the local bus stop and which was scheduled to pull
up closest to the address he had been given. As it was he arrived on the step about ten minutes early his
nerves were at fever-pitch. Taking several deep breaths to gather himself he walked inside. Two other
young men were inside already, seated in the addresses foyer and no doubt waiting for interviews as well.
James felt somewhat under prepared as he took his seat beside them. One particular fellow was dressed in
the latest fashion while both easily out-did him easily on the fashion stakes._

_Patiently he waited for his summons for the interview. While he waited, the
others were witnessed as each went in and again seen as they left shortly thereafter.
After what seemed like
an eternity he was summonsed to the office. Behind the formidable desk sat a pristine woman wearing
a dark business suit. Her hair was cut in a bob and she wore a silver framed pair of glasses. Pushing
her glasses down to the tip of her nose she peered over the top of them at him.
"Good morning, James Florin is it?" she inquired pleasantly.
"Yes," he replied curtly.
"Fine I am Doctor Louise Golding." "Now I have a series of
routine questions to ask you so just relax and this won't be too taxing on us both," she advised him
calmly.
At the beginning a lot of her questions, centered strongly on his personal
background. As he was, he was not seeing anyone at the moment and to complicate things even more both his
parents were already dead, so there was not much he could tell his prospective employer about that side of
things. Still what answers he could give seemed to satisfy her needs. Not till later did she ask about his
driving background, what he did say earned a quick, "That's good," before she
moved on to yet another
seemingly unrelated subject. In all, his own interview lasted well over three quarters of an hour and when he did
leave there was no doubt in his mind that the doctor was impressed.
His successful reply came early the very next day. Promptly as had been
arranged, a small van pulled up outside his apartment block and he fixed up his account
with the land-lord and
loaded his minimal belongings inside the back of the van before getting in beside the driver.
"Have you worked long for Dr. Golding? James inquisitively asked the older
man, eager to start off on the right foot with the other staff of his new employer.
"Don't know who you are talking about, I'm only here to get you and your
gear up to some rich woman's estate."
"Estate," James mumbled to himself and which happened to be easily
overheard by his companion.
"You bet it is an estate," he replied. "You landed on your feet
there mate," indicating subtly some sort of sexual implication.
"Oh no, you've got the wrong idea, "I have been hired as the doctor's
new chauffeur that's all!"
"Shame," he stated turning his attention back to the road in front of
the van.
There was little conversation for the rest of the two hour long trip out of
town, at last till then turned the corner on the country road and there stretched before
them was the high
unyielding walls of the estate. Huge iron gates opened up on their arrival only to close again as they passed
through.
"Wow," was all James could manage as he passed first one marvel in
side the spacious ground and then another.
Pulling up at the main entry, his driver alighted and started to unpack his gear
from the back. James was standing in awe till he was suddenly bought back to reality when the doctor
graciously appeared through the front doors with a greeting.
"Glad to see you found the place all right."
"Could not help but find this place," James stammered out loud only
originally wanting to think the phrase instead. His mistake caused him to blush.
"That's all right, it is a bit daunting the fist time you see it."
"Come on in and I will give you a personal tour and show you up to your suite."
As he was led around James was informed that Doctor Golding's grandfather had
left her the estate and that she had only just taken it and her full inheritance
over. Staffing was
currently at a minimum around the estate, large areas of both the house and grounds were virtually ignored
while other sections only received minimal treatment by the temporary staff when they did their weekly
rounds. His own view of the estate still left him in awe, as it was immense. Their tour finally
brought them
back to the lived in section of the mansion and as she led him on she informed him that more staff are to
come and I will open up more and more of the mansion when I have them.
When he eventually found himself in the employee's wing, his own set of massive
rooms flabbergasted him. They were glorious, especially considering the hovel of an apartment house
he had just left.
"I hope these will do," she quizzed as she pushed the doors open for
the first time.
"No way," James commented slowly allowing the enormity of the event to
settle in his mind.
"That is fine, you settle in and then come and see me in my study in about
an hour and I will get the paperwork ready for you to sign." "By the way, you will find
your
uniform in the top draw of the dresser!"
Speechless, he allowed his employer to leave without offering a single word.
When she had departed, he turned his attention to getting his gear inside. It
only took two trips to move James's own meager belongings into the room, from where they were left near the
font stairs. Once they were retrieved, he then had the opportunity to look further into the spacious
room. Shoving his own things at the bottom of one of the cupboards and not bothering to even unpack his
clothing, he could not wait to look around. As it was, he slid open the draw that
contained his uniforms and
saw a line of neat stacks. Each neatly folded item was of a modern design and made of a thick, navy blue
tightly woven stretch fabric. Even underwear was provided for him. Picking up one piece of the
underwear, he noticed that it consisted of a tight-fitting G-String; James had never worn such
a thing before.
The large draw contained several changes as well as two pairs of tight fitting calf length black leather
boots.
"Hey, she is paying the bills around here, if she wants me to wear this
stuff, then who am I to say anything about it's kinkyness."
Going through to his bathroom, he found a large round bathtub as well as
anything else he would have ever needed in the way of soaps and shampoos as well as
some bottles that had neither
label nor item type on them. Going back to the draw and picking out a range of the things inside he
went back into the bathroom. Carefully he placed a change of uniform on the bench before he striped off.
Deciding to bathe first, he moved over to the bath only to find that it had already
been drawn. He stepped
in and found it to be lovely and warm. Stepping in at first, he felt his skin tingle from the bath salts or
whatever was in the water as it hit his foot. There, he had a through cleaning followed by a good soak for about
fifteen minutes. When he got out, he was spotless._

_After drying himself thoroughly he slipped on the
underpants and scooped his penis and testies into the stretchy pouch at the front. Closer inspection proved
them to be almost see-through in colour and as hard as he tried there appeared to be no chance of
ripping the light material they were made of. The fabric was such a light rubbery fabric that it
hugged his body
snugly. Its paper-thin edges were cut so fine that the edge seemed to blend right into the adjoining
skin. If he didn't know any better he would have thought that his penis and testies had disappeared only to
leave a neat bulge where they had been. Next, he pulled the tight stretchy trousers up his legs and
snapped them closed. Finally he slipped on his tunic and shirt in one, when it was on he turned his attention to
the gold-coloured clips on the front as he fastened the up. The high collar of this tunic hid most of his neck
and a fair proportion of the back of his head in the way that it sat up right. The boots because of their
tight fit took a bit to get on but soon they too were on.
"Very swish," he commented when he looked at himself in the mirror for
the first time. "Still I can't stand here admiring myself all day, I'd better go and see the
lady of the house!"
He found the study easily and politely he knocked at the door.
"Come in," came the gentle reply from inside.
James opened the door to find the doctor seated behind her desk, a pair of
reading glasses pushed half way down her nose. Three cats lay on the edge of the
desk and a forth rubbed
incessantly against her right foot. Lifting the glasses from her face as he entered, she got up and inspected his
new look.
"Very nice, you scrub up alright," she stated proudly. When her
attention was back on things at hand she continued, "Here is the paperwork that has to be
signed before you can
start."
Without pausing to read a line he scribbled his signature across the dotted
lines that were pointed out to him. The thought of possibly losing such a cushy job
weighing greatly on his
mind. This of course drew with it, his lack of care over the finer written points of the contract.
"Terrific you will find the cars out in the garage, we will go into town
tonight so please clean the Rolls for the trip."
"Yes Mam."
Getting ready to leave the doctor called back his attention, "By the way
here is your cap."
Handing him a driving cap made of the same navy coloured fabric, he placed it on
his head and pulled it down firmly.
"That's better," she commented as she returned her attention to the
work on her desk.
He turned and made his way out to the garage where he set about busily washing
and then polishing the vintage Rolls Royce till it sparkled.
The night went well as did the whole of the following week. James had found a
place that suited him right down to the ground. During his period of employment so far, James found out that
the doctor was a well-respected member of the plastic surgeon's organization and an extremely busy
surgeon in her own right. Their trips out of the estate included many trips to the hospital for the doctor
to conduct her arranged operations for her many clients.
As it was he hardly ever saw any of the temporary staff, they seemed to move in
to do their various jobs when the Doctor and he were elsewhere.
He was surprised to get an unexpected summons to the doctor's study one morning
in the middle of the week. Promptly he made his way in to her inner sanctum.
"I am very happy with your work here James so I have decided to give you a
bonus."
"Thank you Mam," he replied courteously.
"Tomorrow morning I have scheduled a little surgery for you, it is a new
Electro Muscular Stimulation system we have come up with." "You are going to trial the
system for
me."
"Ah," he stammered._

_Doctor Golding cut him off short; "You will do this for me, won't
you?"
The thought of losing his job brought the only response he could possibly give
at such short notice. "I suppose that will be all right!"
"Good, be in my private surgery at 7.30 am sharp." "Take the
evening off and rest up," she stating before continuing to dismiss him, "I will not be needing you till
then."
His night was restless, he trusted the doctor, but the thought of unnecessary
surgery both with it concerns in its own right.
Next morning he prepared himself as he had been instructed and dressed only in a
towelling robe he made his way across the house to the wing that he knew housed the private surgery and
recovery rooms. This wing was used to perform surgery on the doctor's more prominent patients who
wanted to avoid the limelight of the major hospitals and the press that would no doubt get wind of
any admissions.
Here he felt unsure, but he was not given much of an opportunity to dwell on the
issue as he was taken straight into the theatre and given a good dose of anaesthetic.
The surgery was long and drawn out. Eventually he was wheeled out into the first
recovery room dressed only in a tight fitting spandex suit with well-placed gaps
where they were
necessary for his bodily functions. Under this suit, it disguised an incredible number of small incisions
that had been made at both ends of all the major muscles throughout his body.
When he awoke, the doctor was waiting and informed him about the devices that
had been installed and connected to his muscle fibers. "Your surgery went well
this morning! I have fitted the units into place without any problems. They work of the bodies own static
electricity," she stated proudly. "Like a normal session of E.M.S the muscles contract under electrical stimulation and in
our case the units charge up from the static absorbed and produced by the body only to
be released at
designated intervals and those intervals as equivalent to a good workout at the gym." "_

_As or now rest
up and tomorrow you can return to your normal duties. Oh yes, I almost forgot the suit has to stay on
till the incisions have healed up completely."
As it was, this tight fitting suit hid easily under his usual form-fitting
uniform and his life went on much as usual. His workload didn't change much at all, early
morning drives to the
hospital as well as those to and from meetings filled up most of his days. With all this work his social life
pretty well disappeared which he only paused to consider when one those awkward moments arose; it was a small
price to pay for such a terrific job. This was one situation that he had considered more than once,
especially when Friday nights came around.
It was almost a full two weeks later when the tight fitting suit was eventually
removed, little remained in the way of scars at the many incision sites. But from the
second morning after
its removal from his body, he was brutally awoken to a workout that would have made a champion bodybuilder
happy. Initially his body ached but within two weeks from his first workout he was once again able to
function normally. His body however reacted fast to the stimulation. His uniform
fitted tighter by the
end of the first month and it stretched even further to cater for the underlying muscles as they continued to
grow and adjust to the stimulation.
By now the tight fit of his rubber G-Strings and uniform bought with dressing, a
hard-on that he would never have imagined possible. James was careful not to be in a position to allow
his employer to see any effect of this stimulation for fear of sacking. Still he enjoyed the work and he
certainly could not complaint about his lodgings. His personal devotion to his seemingly over-generous
employer grew with each passing day. It was more of a blessing when late one afternoon he
was
unexpectedly visited by his employer. She was carrying a tray containing two glasses and what seemed to be a
freshly opened bottle of scotch. He noticed that both glasses had already been poured as she set the tray
down on the small table in his private room._

_James picked up his glass at her offer and calmly drank from it; being thirsty
from his busy day he swallowed its contents in a couple of huge gulps. Taking a second and then a
third glass in quick succession, he felt his thirst dissipate._

_"Thanks, Mam, " he slurred. "You're sooooo berry good ta
me," he managed to say, feeling suddenly extremely weak and groggy._

_Unsteadily he leaned towards her, an amphoric manner to his actions.
Reservations previously held firm were released and in a seemingly drunken attempt to
give her a kiss he puckered
up and staggered in her direction. As he moved closer, he became suddenly very dizzy, in fact very
light-headed. Need to steady himself took precedent over his amorous feelings and he seeked out the nearest
support object. Focusing on what seemed his best and closest target, James moved unsteadily. Moving
himself back to a high backed seat in the corner of the room, he leaned back, closing his eyes as he
did so to try and vainly stop the room from spinning._

_"What's the matter, James? Have a bit too much fun
tonight?" she commented with a broad smirk on her face._

_"I don't feel so hot," he uttered slowly placing his right hand
lightly on his forehead._

_"Say, why don't you just lay down here on the couch, and I'll take your
shoes off for you."_

_"You're looking awfully tired, James." Undoing the first of his shoes laces, she
slipped it heel first off his foot, "Here, just lie back and relax, just relax.
That's right,
honey. Just let the bad feelings go, let yourself feel more and more relaxed."_

_The doctor's voice was very reassuring, she sounded even more soothing tonight
than he had ever heard before, James thought. The voice was relaxing; it seemed so nurturing, almost
womb-like. His private thoughts lost concentration so easily tonight._

_"That's good, honey, just listen to the sound of my voice. Does
my voice make you feel more relaxed?" She continued her monotone-type voice._

_"Yes, it does, it is so relaxing, "his voice started to trail off._

_"You feel so relaxed, so very relaxed. Your eyelids are
beginning to feel very heavy now. You fight to keep them open, but they're just so very heavy, so
heavy, the feeling is getting
stronger with every passing second, you just cannot keep them open. You are ever so relaxed, let
yourself go, just listen purely to the sound of my voice, let go of all of your deepest reservations, sleep now."_

_James's head involuntarily and slowly began to droop._

_"Why don't you try to look up, as if you had eyes in the top of your
head."_

_His eyes fought or control, fluttering in a vain attempt to wake, but the
attempt was just simply a lost cause. After a few seconds the Doctor told him to stop, and
to imagine that he was on
his favourite beach, lying on the sand with the waves lapping gently at his feet in a rhythmic fashion.
"It is a perfect day, perhaps the best you have ever experienced. The sun is brightly shining, there
are a few puffy clouds scattered about the sky. In all it is a truly wonderful day.
Don't you
think everything is perfect, James?"_

_"Ohh yess itss pperfect " James mumbles slowly in his own slurred and
sleepy manner._

_"You feel just so blissful there, so very happy, don't you James," the
confident woman said, continuing in the same longingly wanting tone. "You want to feel this
wonderful all of
the time, don't you?"_

_James nodded, his head with his chin still hanging down low enough to touch the
top of his chest._

_"Listen to the sound of my voice, James... Everything else is
fading away but the solitary sound of my voice. You are feeling so free, aren't you James, so totally
free."_

_Seeing the signs that were totally uncopyable, the doctor was now certain that
James was in a deep and relaxing trance now. Knowing that I was time she began again. "James, you are now in a deep
hypnotic sleep. You will do whatever I tell you to from this moment on. You will not be able to
resist. You will obey me from this moment on. Now open your eyes."_

_James opened his eyes. To all intensive purposes he looked like he was wide
awake except that he had a glassy, vacant look on his face. Having already had so
many patients in this susceptible state, Doctor Golding
knew full well that he was now a blank canvas for her brush and ready to begin his training!_

_"Now James, I am going to show you a picture, and I want you to look at it
and nothing else till I tell you to stop. Do you understand?"
James nodded obediently, his eyes still vacant and blank.
Gently the doctor guided him over to a chair that sat directly in front of the
new computer she had got installed for him only the day before. The computer hummed into action and the
vivid images of the home screen soon appeared. She quickly clicked a few keys on the keyboard, and an
image of a pulsating disc appeared on the screen.
"Now James, I want you to look at the colourful disc on the screen. Look deeply at the disc, James,
concentrate on the swirling spiral."
As she witnessed his focus direct itself on the image, when she was happy with
his condition she commented, "Good."
Nothing could have drawn his attention away even if he wanted to. It was like
the simple moving image was the centre of his very being. James's gaze is now totally absorbed in the
spinning image portrayed in front of him.
"That's right, James, you can feel it pull you in. You're going
deeper, deeper, deeper."
James was lost, he was completely hers and hers alone now.
"James, I want you to look at the next series of pictures that flash in
front of you, their content will be your desire, and you will long to be like those depicted in
the photos. Do you understand James, you will want nothing else from your life but to be like the other people you have seen
in those photos."
"Nothing else but like the photos," James mumbled aloud.
The photos proceeded in a systematic order, photos of rubber-covered men
progressively followed one after the other and when the end of the reel was reached they started all over again.
In all, the provocative images absorbed James for nearly three hours, by then his thoughts were of
little else but rubber encasement.
"James, I now want you to go into the bedroom and undress. When
you are finished, you will stand and you will wait however long it takes till I give you further instructions.
Now go!"
James immediately stood up from the chair where he was sitting, and started for
the bedroom.
After a few moments, he was standing naked in the centre of the room. How long
he remained there was of no consequence to him. When the doctor eventually entered all he saw was a
figure dressed in a rubber cat suit. Inspecting her charge first of all, her sensual rubber touch brought with
it an instant reaction from James. When she was satisfied she commenced the next stage of her nights
entertainment. Reaching for a large bottle of lubricant, the doctor began rubbing
generous handfuls of the
gel-like lubricant across sections till it smoothed out to a thin film over all of James's body. She
stopped to linger around his penis, rubbing plenty of it into his growing erection. At least the lubricant had a
pleasant smell even if James was ignorant to the fact.
Next the doctor unfolded the bundle she had brought with her. His gaze
registered on the fact that there were feet, gloves and a full-face hood that were all
attached on this rubber
suit. In fact it looked a lot like the one the doctor had slipped into while she had James sit patiently in the
bedroom, all except for the fact that hers' did not have the face covered.
"This will look just as good a suit on you James!" as she finished
unrolling the black suit. "It is the exactly the same as one I have. I am so excited by the
prospect of your new
status in our household that I could not wait to see you in rubber."
Pulling with a sharp tug on the centre of the back of the suit, it split
silently apart. It was amazing no zipper, no Velcro and no signs of any type of fastener!_

_"How'd you do you
like that James?"
Incoherent to the conversation going on around him, James sat patiently awaiting
his next verbal instructions with a glassy distant stare.
"This is a new type of fastener," she stated proudly. "It's still
in the prototype stage. It leaves no seam, just a small ridge along the length of the spine, see?"
"Now James we shall get you properly dressed! Do as I say to
the letter…" the doctor's hauntingly beautiful voice then trailed on with a list of lengthy
instructions that were
obeyed without hesitation by her obedient patient.
James ended up taking the thin rubber suit from her. The material was soft and
light considering the quantity he was holding. Folding it in half so to allow himself
access to the
lower portion he noticed just how stretchy the material was. His prelubricated legs were lifted one and a time
and slipped in through the slit in the back of the suit. First pushing his right leg down into the depths
of the suit's dark interior, it offered little resistance. The fit was tight, but the applied lubricant let
his
foot slide down to the bottom of the compartment with relative ease. At the bottom, his foot was forced into a
moulded foot-piece. Once in place, he turned his attention to the other leg. In his current trance he kept
his balance perfectly as he first stood effortlessly on one leg as he pulled the other leg home.
As he performed the actions on her command, he didn't have to stop and tell the
doctor anything about his mood. Even if he could, the feelings that were going through his mind at that
moment while he was dressing, were going absolutely wild! His body was so tightly encased in rubber
that his penis sprang quickly to attention at the feeling of the ultra soft latex sliding up his legs.
When he had pulled the suit up to his waist, the doctor took hold of his now
rock hard penis and carefully she bent it around to get it into the specially designed
space inside the neatly
attached sheath. Again, it slid home with relative ease. With a broad smile, the doctor had to work the air out
of the space around it. A thin tube at the very end was lubricated and using a thin rod made for the task,
it was gently fed down the interior shaft of his penis. Happy with it's look, eventually she then tucked
his testies into their own compartment, then she made him give the suit a solid tug on the sides to make
sure it was seated properly in between her patient's powerfully built legs before adjusting the rest of the
suit into place. Only a specifically positioned flap of rubber tubing remained hanging
loose at the rear
of the garment.
We will fixed up that little bit later," she commented as the doctor swiped
her hand seductively across his encased arse. The rubber suit fitted so tightly that each
firm cheek could be
seen quite clearly as it was separated by a neatly formed cleft in the centre.
Next he slid his arms into the sleeves with the doctor's help. She worked the
air out from around the compartments in the suit that had been made especially for
his fingers and
hands. With his help, she then pulled the suit up and over his shoulders, fitting the rest of the torso in the
same movement. Still at this point a balloon shaped flap still hung loosely below his chin. Dipping her hand
into the lubricant pot yet again she applied a generous amount of the same lubricant as had
already been
applied to the rest of his body to his hair so that the hood slipped over quite well. Getting him to bow
his head forward and with a final stretch she tucked his head into the full hood. The ultra thin rubbery
material that made up the faceplate moulded itself to fit the contours of his face exactly!_

_Lastly there were any number of assorted bumps and gathers that existed here and there and which needed smoothing out.
Soft rubber tubes were feed down into his mouth, ears and nasal passages. Finally having the last of
them in place allowed the doctor to do up the fastener on the back. With one last sweep of her forearm,
she then pushed the last remaining bubble of air out and snapped the final portion of the fastener shut.
"There you go James, you are almost dressed now!"
"Thank you, Maam," he replied vacantly.
"Come to me my beautiful rubber-man!" the doctor lovingly instructed
and James moves closer only to be grabbed by the penis and twisted till he was lying
face-down on the top of the
nearby bed.
Issuing an involuntary grunt, he felt something being forcefully pushed up his
rear passage, James offered no resistance and within moments a butt-plug of generous proportions was pushed
in. The size filling him more than adequately considering he had never been fitted with a similar object
ever before and as it did so it rammed the last remaining unfitted rubber tube deeply inside. In one push
Doctor Golding rolled her rubber-slave over. Straddling her lover in a couple of
moves, she quickly undid
the zip that till now had closed off her own pussy. Her juices were already flowing and his eight inches
of manhood slid easily inside her. Crooning in delight she twisted and turned on his love-stick while
under her exacting directions. James maintained his erection and stimulated her in sensitive
body in numerous
other ways. Smoothing his hands across various parts of her body they rolled around as one, his moves
orchestrated by a narration of verbal instructions that continued unabated till she found a spot that felt good
and once there she made the most of the man's rubber covered penis. Orders of, "Now
you must remember
that little movement for the future my love," and "When I call you to me, you must pleasure me in
ways that you have remembered and have seen on the dirtiest of pornographic videos." "Don't worry, I
will make sure that you have only the best to learn from my love."
Making the most of the next few hours, the doctor climaxed at least five or six
times before she finally relented and let him come.
Enjoying herself so much in that session, she maintained his rubbery condition
for two more days. During this time, her instruction continued until his encasement
in rubber had become a
necessary part in his life. When she finally drew a close to her enjoyment she had him strip and wash to
remove any sign of their activities. Allowing him to fall asleep, she departed with a few parting words
that would immediately bring him back under her control whenever she so wished.
Whether it was intentional or not, he caught himself off guard on the very next
day when he was ushering the busy doctor to a meeting on the western side of town. "There we are
Master," he commented opening the door for the elegantly dressed woman.
Blushing immediately over the slip of his tongue he turned away only to feel a
gentle hand rest on his right shoulder. "That is all right lad, I feel the same way about you."
The reply brought with it many hours of thought as he waited patiently for the
meeting to lengthy finish. Mean while he absentmindedly stroked the rubber-covered steering wheel. When it
did however neither of them spoke on the long drive back to their designated accommodation.
Over the following few days, James was unaware of his sudden change of mind in
relation to his wearing of rubber. His G-String was almost always engulfing a swollen member and he
hardly noticed as his casual wardrobe was exchanged in his absence for one where the articles made
exclusively of rubber except for his supply of uniforms.
James was polishing the Rolls Royce and wearing a one-piece rubber
wrestling-suit when he was surprised to see his employer standing behind him. With a
jump he spun around, "What
the blazes!"_

_"Oops, sorry Mam, I didn't know it was you," he commented when he saw whom it was
standing so quietly behind him.
"That is alright, I just wanted to let you know that I have to attend a
week of seminars across the country next week. We will be driving, so you had better pack a bag?"
The last phrase of their conversation brought an instant response for him,
"Pack," he mumbled. She noted the response and calmly walked away knowing that
the subliminal prompt would be
enough to ensure that he packed the correct items for the trip.
Their week away from the envious estate came upon him all too quickly as they
traveled from seminar to the next distant seminar. Staying as they went in large
suites with some of
flashest hotels for the whole of the week.
Every night at the same appointed hour, no matter what he had been doing right
before it, he returned to their adjoining room and absentmindedly dressed himself in his form-fitting
rubber suit while she herself attended her special functions and once ready he patiently sat awaiting her
return when she clipped the back of the suit closed and together they enjoyed the rest of the night. Each morning
he found himself in his own room, dressed normally and having his mind filled with false memories of the
previous evening.
Dismissed on their eventual return to the estate, he went straight to bed, what
he hoped for in the way of brief session of masturbation ended in nothing more than a lengthy hard-on. No
relief was gained this night. This made it about a week and a half since he was last able to knowingly
climax, yet his penis ached in the morning and he could remember nothing of consequence of the night befores'
wild events. Putting it down to stress and hard work, he ignored the signs and turned over to sleep.
Next morning after he finished his regular bodies involuntary morning exercise
program, he got out of bed and had a long soak in the bath that had been provided for his sole use. After
each bath, he always felt so refreshed and his skin felt soft and extremely sensitive to the slightest touch.
His day started out much the same as any other day. A quick meal followed by his household duties that
included the washing of the three house cars.
As usual, the Doctors hoard of cats hung around his feet constantly.
He had finally begun to grow accustomed to the pesky felines constant presence.
It was something that he virtually had to do, not wanting to up-set his employer
over a trivial thing
like over-affectionate cats. He knew all to well that a job like this was not going to be easy to find again.
It was at this moment that his unexpected summons came.
'James," the doctor called out of the window of her upstairs office.
"Come up will you."
"Sure thing, Doctor!" he replied curtly.
Putting down his washing equipment he slipped on a shirt and almost ran all the
way up to the second story room that was used as the Doctor's office while she was at home.
A polite knock on the door met a friendly response. "Come in James."
Stepping inside he addressed this friendly employer, "Yes Doctor you
called."
"I have decided that you need to be congratulated on all your hard
work." "How long has it been since you moved in here and took on your new duties?"
"Eight months now Doctor!" he replied quickly.
"I have decided to offer you a face reconstruction in recognition of your
work here."
"Face reconstruction?" James quizzed. "There is no need for that
Doctor, you have already given me the body I have always desired."
" Well James I intend to give you the face to match your new body."
This statement came as more of a direction than an invitation. "I will see you outside the
surgery room in
two hours. In the meantime, shower and then take a long bath and put three cups of that pink solution from
the top shelf of your bathroom into the bath with you please."
Nodding his head, James left and went straight back to his private suite and did
as he was told. The job was simply too good to throw away on anyone's whim even if he didn't agree with
it.
The pink solution that he was asked to use was strong to the nose and his skin
stung when he first got in but the feeling diminished quickly and soon he felt the relaxing bath take its toll
on him.
Eventually he extracted himself from the water about five minutes before he was
due at the Doctor's surgery. Drying quickly he dressed himself in a clean robe and walked quickly to
the wing that housed the surgery. It was whilst he was drying himself that he observed that his body was
now hairless from the neck down. All his manly pubic hair had been stripped away by whatever the volatile
mixture was in the tub.
"Good my boy," he was greeted as he turned the corner to see the
doctor waiting outside for him. "Sit up of the trolley and take off the robe."
James did as he was directed. 'Mam," he started to say trying to inquire
about the rapid hair loss in a calm manner.
"Yes James," she replied.
"What was in the pink solution"?
"Just a little extra strength hair remover, that is all. Don't
worry about a little hair loss James."
"That exercise program is doing you well isn't it?" He commented as
she ran her warm hand over his now hairless and exposed body. The touch brought with it
an automatic response from
his body, which caused James to blush yet again in front of his generous host.
Taking a sheet he spread it across his naked body.
Anaesthetic shut off James's knowledge of the outside world.
When he eventually awoke he was lying in his own bed. His fingertips told him
that a tight cocoon of bandages and smooth fabric of a latex hood smothered the whole of his head. Only
his eyes were unaffected by the complex layer coverings.
"The bandages will have to stay on for the next week or so and you will be
eating through a drip till then so just lie there quietly and relax," the doctor
unexpectedly announced from
the left-hand side of his bed. Twisting his head and feeling a fair degree of pain in the effort, he saw her
sitting on a reclining chair that had been moved into the room while he had been knocked out.
Enemas were conducted daily and he was fed on a mixture of protein and other
essential materials through a long tube. Patiently he stayed where he was told, waited on for his needs even
though drips and catheters catered for most of his bodily needs during his bed-rest.
As it was, it was the last day before the bandages were scheduled to come off
when he was given his next surgery summons.
"We will be going back to the surgery this morning," he was told on
the doctor's arrival that day.
Unable to speak still from the wires that locked his jaws together, he was
unable to voice his disapproval but the doctor made the instruction quite clear with his next few comments.
Back on the gurney, James soon felt the familiar taste of anaesthetic flooding
his airways.
When he eventually awoke he was lying on his stomach and unable to get up due to
a number of straps that held him firmly in place. His whole lower body felt numb.
It was a further week before he was allowed to get off his bed. Between the
enemas and his ongoing fluid diet he was no longer passing any solids through his system.
During this last week, he was approached and each eye was carefully examined
before each of the lids were peeled back and after a number of stringing drops were placed both inside both
the top and bottom eye-lids before a set of large flexible contact lenses were positioned over the entire
eye-ball. Checking their acceptance several times and carefully readjusting the fit till she was happy
with the snug fit, she remained nearby till she was absolutely satisfied with the fact that
there had been no
rejection by the bodies defence mechanisms.
James's eyesight was unaffected except for what must have been a dark tint to
the actual lenses themselves.
Heavy sedatives kept him in a sleepy condition for the whole of that week. Still maintaining the same level of drugs, James was allowed to get up slowly
with the support of the doctor's shoulder under his armpit.
"There you go," Doctor Golding stated when he was finally upright.
Reaching towards the covered areas, the doctor was quick to halt the inquisitive
action, "Hey none of that. I don't want you fiddling with my work. To answer
your
question, yes I have given you a new face. Over the top is a preparatory coating of what will soon become your own
skin, I have been culturing this specific geneticly stable material since your first operation.
Rest
yourself now!"
With the issue of these control words, James felt his body stiffen till he had
no control of his limbs. Purposefully she kept him aware of his surroundings only
unable to influence
them in the slightest.
Concern showed in James's eyes.
"Don't worry you will grow to get use to it."
Not giving him any chance to later interfere with his work, James was taken to a
set up that he had not noticed in his room till now. It resembled a shower cubical but it contained a
number of unusual implements and attachments.
Moved to the shower his hands were strapped to brackets situated high on two
walls. There he was then left to stand on his own.
"Now James, this is another of my little inventions. It is a
latex shower, it sprays a fine coating over the occupant each time it is used. Later today you will get to
use it
for the first time. But first we have some unfinished business to complete."
With that he started to remove the head coverings before finally and carefully
taking out the wires that held his jaws together.
"There, that must feel better! Could not have you harming any
of my work."
The torment then continued unabated. A probe was forcefully inserted into each
of his body cavities. First his anal passage and it was flooded with a sticky liquid
that coated the
outer-layer of the passage before it dried quickly and the probe was removed. Unknown to him James's face and
orifices had already been subjected to an initial coating. Both nostrils were however again lightly
treated, before his mouth and throat was subjected to another thick dose. Lastly a thin
unit was feed up the
hole of his penis and the inner lining was sprayed all the way down to the opening. Before she said another
word, a small unit was placed into each ear and then a squirt of latex fastened each securely in place. A
generous smear of the same adhesive was also used to attach a solid looking cock-ring
around the base of
his penis.
"Good, now James we can proceed with your first coat."
A large circular pad on the outside of the cubical was touched and the spray
jets mounted on all sides and across the top and floor burst into life. An ultra-fine
mist swirled around him,
born on the fanned airwaves inside the cubical. The resulting mist settling gradually via the inward moving
circulating airwaves until it made contact with his skin and as it did so it began to dry almost instantly. As
in thickened, James could feel it contracting to form a second tight-fitting skin. The
jets remained
active for only about two minutes before James was left in peace.
Later her instructions were clearly laid out to his otherwise unresponsive body
and she gently assisted him out of the booth. After she had checked his first coating and had been sure it
was adequate, he was taken across the room to where the gurney was positioned, he was leant against its
surface as it was tilted into an almost upright position. Belts were rolled out and done up securely to lock
James into place. From there the mobile unit was tilted back to a horizontal position and together they left
the room.
On the way back the doctor allowed her control over him lessen somewhat.
The sort trip back to the Doctor's office went quickly. There the gurney was
allowed to drop back to the almost vertical angle. Purposefully this had been done
closer to yet another
even larger full-length mirror. An involuntary gasp escaped James's lips at the sight that greeted him. The
first thing he noticed was that his head had been shaved bare. Not a ounce of hair anywhere, considering his
last week of bandaged hell he was surprised that no hair stuble had grown back after
his surgery. On top of
this a unrecognizable face stared back at him. Gone were what had been his own personal features, replaced
with a non-descript face that easy would have not been out of place in a manikin factory. All over him a
graying tinge to his skin showed the fact that the previous coating had been absorbed
into his outer skin
as it had dried. This newly forming latex skin accentuated his tight formation of newly formed muscle.
Fighting against the strong control, he fought to get out one sole word,
"Why?"
"Good to see you are with us James. That is simple, I told you
that I needed an assistant, well now you are almost ready to take on that new role.
You will get to appreciate to your new appearance eventually and don't worry the layer of latex is specially created to bond ever so
permanently to your skin, it actually takes on the role of the outer epidermis."
"Have I done something wrong to you Maam? James asked appealingly.
"No not at all, you are a fine chauffer and you will continue to do so,
dressed in your neat uniform and wearing a rubber face mask that I have got made
especially for you, nobody will
be any the wiser if they happen to glance at you my dear! As for the car, I have had the
necessary parts of the car modified so that you can still drive it safely. Do not fear my boy, I will have
need of your services for a long time yet!"
Three more trips to the spray booth that day, left James totally immobilized and
drenched in his thickening new outer skin. By the end of the day his body was completely glossy back in
colour. Allowed to rest in peace for the rest of that day as well as the rest of the night, James mind was
flooded with strange memories that till now had been blocked from him.
That next day, his body took its involuntary workout as usual and he was called
to perform new functions for the doctor. Their sex was hot and James screamed as he was penetrated again
and again with an amazing array of anal sex objects while his own rubber coated penis slipped
easily into her moist vagina. Each purposefully built anal item was pulled and twisted during their wild sex
further highlighting his sexual function.
After that attention his summons came simply. "Come James, I need your
company." James grew excited at the command and his arousement showed. Each
time he had been called to the
doctor's bed his thickening latex skin screamed with the sensitive touch of his new bed-partner.
Their sex was wild again that night, his climax only brought on solely by the doctor's verbal direction.
He exploded on demand, in the meanwhile his new rubbery skin slick with his own sweat
that had somehow
seeped though the invisible pores.
When he was alone he had more than once tested the coating on his skin but as
more or less expected, he found no easy release. Like the doctor had told him, it
was stuck fast to his
underlying skin. To make matters worse, he was unwillingly subjected to further daily showers in the inky
stuff after each of his morning workouts. By now the black coating was all too dense all over his body.
Contracting during the drying process each day brought with it a more defined muscularity. Surprisingly
his underlying skin remained sensitive to even the lightest of outside touches. Viewed from the
outside, his muscles rippled with every single movement under the tightly contracted black surface so that
every movement bought with it the effect like that of the sight of a professional bodybuilder
performing on
stage.
Even if he was able to break the mental control the doctor had of him, his new
sleek rubbery appearance rendered it impossible for him to leave the confines of
the estate on his own.
Another evening and night of wild sex that kept him going well into the early
hours of the morning rendered him exhausted after he was finally allowed to climax.
Resting calmly he
listened to the softly spoken words of the doctor and before he knew it, he was drifting off into
nothingness.
After that night, the doctor removed the last of his memory and the man who was
James ceased to exist, instead her shiny sex toy and chauffeur became a permanent fitting in her
bedroom.
Fed his daily quantity of food paste and receiving his regimented workout, the
man who was once James, never felt or looked so good. Wearing now only a special G-String while working
except for when they left the estate or when they had visitors, James's new beginning seemed now
commonplace. He lived solely to please the doctor in any way he could. To improve his abilities a
useful anal-plug was moulded onto the rear of the item and it kept him stimulated and ready
for action 24
hours a day.
When away from the estate, James was dressed in his uniform, cap and special
facemask. Masculine features outside the mask hid his new smooth face from the prying eyes of the
public, as did the rest of the specially designed uniform.
"Now I really need to start looking for some more permanent house staff and
some good gardeners," she considered as Doctor Golding finished settling her
slave into his new
surroundings after properly commencing him in his new life. Like she was caring for any newborn baby, she
had laboured long and hard over installing his new personality till his submissive role was firmly
established. The doctor had confidence in her control and knew that his new subconscious and
personality
would take time to fully install but he would be hers and hers alone to mould._

_02.07.06_

_If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the_*[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
