---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Jarring Situation
authors:
- earlofnexus
tags:
- F/f
- objectify
- bodymod
- bodyswap
- remote
- climax
- permanent
- mast
- cons
- nc
- XX
date: 2025-04-13 00:00:00
---

How medical technology and advancements speed along.

Becoming a transplant donor didn't just mean organs now, but whole bodies. Someone who had died of a head injury but whose body was healthy, could donate their healthy body, all of it, to someone else. The medical world had literally developed the ability to swap any human body part to another, including heads which until recently had been impossible.

Inevitably, in time this technology began to come to the attention of the darker side of medicine, and suddenly people might disappear off the streets to find their bodies stolen to order. Want the perfect figure? Just steal the body you want and have your head put on it ...

Then of course there was the kink side. It wasn't unknown for people to swap sexual organs with their partner to sample what it was like on the other side.

Kerry had researched what was happening and she had a very specific fetish. She loved being immobilised, tied up, strapped and generally being unable to move. She wanted to experience the next level.

It turned out that bodies could be kept running indefinitely with a little technical intervention. What could be more immobilising than having your head separated from your body? She had a plan to make it happen. She knew a dark doctor and took her plan to her. She would have her body stored and kept alive mechanically until she wanted it back; meanwhile her head would also, separately, be kept alive mechanically too. You can't get more restrained than having no body!

The doctor did procedures every day and as long as the money was there never challenged requests, whatever they were.

The day came and Kerry was ready to do this. She put any doubts behind her and signed the release papers.

Dressed in a medical gown she laid on the operating table surrounded by doctors. To her left was a machine her body would be placed in to keep it alive indefinitely. Computers would take over the functions of her brain to achieve that.

To her right was a plinth that housed some vertical tubes and other machinery underneath. Her head would be placed onto the plinth which would support keeping her head alive.

Both systems would give nutrients and filter things as required keeping her head, brain, and thoughts alive.

She looked upwards as a mask was being placed over her mouth and a sweet smelling gas filled her lungs as she breathed deeply, and after a minute or so of counting backwards she fell asleep, deeply aroused. Her last physical sensation being the stirrings of an orgasm just as she lost consciousness, as she fingered her moist mound relishing what was to come as she drifted off blissfully.

Some unknown time later, she began to wake. She tried to move but nothing would respond. She tried moving her legs, arms, fingers and toes and nothing happened. She slowly opened her eyes and she could see straight ahead of her body. It was headless and seemed to have just been finished being operated on.

The doctor walked over to her and said the procedure was a success. She held a mirror up to her and her eyes were wide with shock. She was now just a head mounted on a plinth. Like you'd see a deer or a moose mounted above a fireplace she felt just like one of them. She blinked in amazement. She went to speak but found she had no voice. The doctor said her ability to talk required her body as that's where her larynx was. She was no longer breathing and her voicebox was over the other side of the room attached to her body. Dammit why hadn't she thought of that. Her mouth felt dry.

The doctor told her to blink once for yes and twice for no.

He asked if she felt okay. She blinked once. She felt fine considering. He then asked if she was ready to be confined in her container. She blinked once.

He explained there were earbuds in her ears which would relay sound from outside.

The doctor then placed a cylindrical glass container over her head and it sealed onto the plinth. Suddenly Kerry felt a warm slightly viscous liquid filling the cylinder. It rapidly filled the container until she was under water. She was scared she would suffocate until she realised she had no need to breathe. The doctor spoke and described how the liquid would keep her skin healthy and protect her from infections now that she lacked the rest of her body. Kerry opened her mouth and the liquid flowed in. Her mouth no longer felt dry.

The doctor turned the vessel upside down and in all directions to ensure the liquid was in every orifice.

Kerry wondered what would happen next. She'd banked on being able to speak but as she was she was now merely an observer and little more than a paperweight or decoration. A very attractive one, but nevertheless inanimate. If she could have masturbated she would have.

The doctor picked up Kerry's plinth and placed it facing her naked body. From the side Kerry noticed a second head on a plinth like hers, another female. The doctor proceeded to drain the bowl on this other head and then injected the head with something to put it to sleep. The head of this other person was beautiful and appeared to be a little younger than Kerry.

All she could do was watch as her body that she'd asked to be put in storage was being recycled and this other girl's head was being attached to her body. After what seemed like a couple of hours the doctor was waking the other person and other than some Frankenstein's monster-type stitches around her neck, everything seemed fully attached. The other girl sat up and then proceeded to stand up. She spoke after clearing her throat. "Thank you Doctor. I never thought I would ever have a body again." She sounded just like Kerry! Different face ... but same voice! The doctor gestured at Kerry and said "This woman came to me asking to be made this way. Once complete I thought there's no way she could ever object. So here you are!"

The girl came over to Kerry's plinth and tapped the jar like a fish tank, then stroked it. "That was my existence for what felt like years after the body snatchers took my body. Thank you for this gift".

Kerry's eyes widened and she mouthed "No" but there was just a silence and some bubbles escaped her mouth.

As she looked out from her jar she realised the gravity of what she'd asked for. The ultimate restraint. The ultimate helplessness. Just an observer of the passage of time now.

The girl then picked Kerry up and said that she would be coming home with her. "I'm told you only paused your old life. So we can head to your home and I'll make good use of it and you'll make a great decoration on the shelf! I can't think of anything sexier than having you watch helplessly, tied up in that jar ... for the foreseeable future! The doctor said I could keep you as my pet or a living ornament or something. Just like a plant I need to tend to you occasionally, feed you some sort of fish food type stuff, but for the most part you're self sufficient!" Kerry didn't know what to make of this. She was now no more than someone's pet hamster with even less agency.

The girl continued "I was in my jar for about 3 years so I know that this can work long term for us. I could have spent my entire natural life in the jar. I wonder if you're regretting this. The doctor said you were a kinky bitch so I bet you're loving this!"

It was true, after the initial shock, Kerry realised she now had her wishes fulfilled.

"One thing I missed in my jar was my pussy. I was surprised how juicy and sticky yours was before I'd even had a chance to finger it. You really wanted this didn't you!"

Kerry motioned with her eyes submissively.

"Well, I have some good news. The doctor anticipated you might want some relief from just blinking, so he installed a few extra wires onto a few of your nerve endings. Apparently if I push this button here you'll get a big orgasm." The girl pushed the button and Kerry felt a wave of pleasure come out of nowhere of an intensity she had never before experienced. After about 30 seconds of buildup her eyes rolled back in their sockets and she came like she'd never done before. The girl pressed the button again. Another orgasm. And again. And another. Kerry seemed to be able to have endless orgasms if her new owner permitted them.

"The doctor said that apparently the battery in this thing is good for around 10 orgasms before it runs out, and it's not easy to replace it without removing you and that's an expensive medical bill and a lot of work ..." She pressed the button again. Another orgasm "You've got 6 left now! Want another?" Kerry looked despairingly, why was she doing this? Click. Another orgasm coursed through her. "5 to go. Maybe we should keep the others for Christmas or something". Kerry realised this girl was devious.

Her new owner then mentioned some other features the doctor had built in. "Seems while he had you under the knife he tapped into a few other areas of your brain. There's a button here for sleep. Wonder what that does..." and with a click, Kerry suddenly felt sleepy and dropped off to sleep. Another click and Kerry woke up. "Looks like your on-off switch!". The girl then read another button label out. "Freeze". She pressed it and with a click Kerry suddenly couldn't move anything of her head. She couldn't blink, twitch her nose, move her eyes, open her mouth or wiggle her tongue. "Looks like this mode really turns you into an ornament!". She clicked it again and Kerry regained the ability to move her face. Lastly a button her captor said was "Pain". When pressed Kerry felt like she was being electrocuted. After a few seconds it stopped. Ouch, she thought.

"Oh and one other feature, you have built in illumination! So you can act like a mood lamp, I can make your glow any one of 1,000 colours to match my decor, lots for us to play with then!"

It wasn't long before the two of them were back at Kerry's apartment, and the girl found a spot on the shelf for Kerry to spend her eternity. Sometimes the girl wanted privacy, and would throw a towel over Kerry plunging her into darkness for sometimes days. Other times the girl would pleasure herself right in front of her. Sometimes she would invite men back and fuck them right in front of her. Sometimes she was tortured, sometimes she was switched off and would wake days or weeks later. Her captor left a clock and calendar in sight so Kerry knew time was passing.

Days turned into weeks which turned into months which turned into years. The girl's head was now seamlessly attached to Kerry's old body, the scars had healed long ago and there was little trace that her body was ever someone elses.

But deep down inside, this was what Kerry wanted. She was now reduced to just an object. An ornament. A paperweight. Ultimate bondage. And she was happy with her new place in life.
