---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Hotel Fantasy
authors:
- Miss Trussed
tags:
- Solo-F
- F/m
- MM/f
- hotel
- shinywear
- bar
- tease
- kidnap
- gag
- bond
- rope
- hogtie
- toys
- mast
- oral
- climax
- cons
- X
date: 2013-10-07 00:00:00
---

I’ve been having some “me” time recently & to pass the time, I’ve put together what would be, my ultimate fantasy fulfilled. The guys are invented, one a bondage playmate I’d met just once before, the other is a complete stranger to me but a friend of my playmate. Let me know what you think.

I travelled down to Norwich by train, the station's right across the road from the hotel. I checked into reception, collected my key & headed for the room.

To be honest, I thought the guys would be waiting for me when I arrived & was really nervous about opening the door. I found the room empty apart from a note on the bed & a bag of clothes. Basically the note told me to take a shower, put on the clothes in the bag & go out for the evening. He reminded me, I had no idea what his pal looked like & he may or may not approach me during the evening but one thing was certain, they would both be watching me all night.

He'd told me to bring a pair of black heels which he told me to wear with the outfit he provided. As I took it out of the bag, it suddenly dawned on me that I was going out in a town I didn't know, on my own to a number of bars. The outfit he told me to wear was going to get me noticed!!!

Lucky for me it was a warm evening. I held up a tiny black stretch satin vest top, a pair of black rubber-look leggings & a wide black belt.

I showered & tied my hair in a high pony tail (another order from him). He later told me it made it easier to gag me.

He knew my size but it didn't really matter, both the top & leggings were stretchy as hell. I had also been told, no underwear! I didn't really have a choice, the top was so skimpy, I didn't have a bra small enough to hide under it & the leggings were so tight, they fitted me like a second skin. They were pulled so far up my pussy you could see every contour.

I took a deep breath & headed out for the evening. I didn't even make it out of reception before the comments started, two girls on reception looked positively shocked as I wiggled across the hallway, and one mouthed OMG! before she realised I was looking at her. "Have a good evening" they chirped as I left.

I headed down to the bars on Prince of Wales road. It was 9pm & they were packed. There were the usual lads & lassies in their club gear but I was definitely wearing the tightest, shiniest pants in town!

I was also attracting attention from the guys & it occurred to me that I had no idea what his pal looked like so when I felt a hand squeeze my bum-cheek as I stood at the bar, I wondered if it was him. I shot the guy a filthy look. I later learned it wasn't him. Throughout the night I was chatted up by four guys, all of them leering at my outfit, one of them even asked if he could feel my bum. I thought, why not & as we stood in the crowded bar, he grabbed my hips pulled me against him & slid both hands across my shiny ass in small circular motions. Tight, shiny bum-cheeks was obviously his "thing" as I could feel him getting hard & his swelling cock twitching as he fondled me. Again I wondered if this guy was the kidnapper but again, I later found out he wasn't.

I was beginning to enjoy playing the slut. My guess was, if he was the kidnapper, I'd tease the hell out of him for a while before shaking him off. It would get him in the mood to get his own back later on. I flirted with him for over an hour, even getting touchy with him myself. The bar was so crowded; it would have been hard for people to notice me push my bum against his hard-on before reaching behind me & rubbing him for several minutes until I felt a small damp patch through his jeans as I thumbed the tip of his penis.

I stopped, looked over my shoulder & gave him a cheeky grin. "My turn". I said & moved to his side, took his hand & pushed his middle finger against my clit. "Little, tiny circles please" I whispered in his ear with another cheeky grin. He obliged me for ages; I could feel myself getting wet as he fingered my swollen clit through those amazing leggings. Being played with in such a public pace was a massive turn-on & after several minutes of his finger on my slippery, wet clit, I stopped him moments before my legs turned to jelly. I whispered in his ear, "thank you", told him I needed the loo & slipped out of the door before he had a chance to see me go.

I thought to myself, if that guy was the kidnapper, he's going to be ready for fun later LOL!

It was getting close to 11.30pm & I hadn't seen my guy all night. I knew he said he'd be watching me with his pal but I hadn't even caught a glimpse. I was beginning to wonder if they were actually going to go ahead with it.

I headed back up the road towards the hotel, my feet aching from the killer heels, my pussy wet from the fingering & my mind playing kinky tricks all night. It occurred to me that it would have been almost impossible for the guys to grab me off the street without the fear of being arrested so I guessed, if it was going to happen, it would be in the hotel.

I got back to the hotel room door, still no signs to suggest anyone was waiting to jump me. The room looked the same apart from a jiffy bag on the bed. I opened it. Inside was a mobile phone. I opened it to find a number of photos had been taken on it of me out in the bars. There was even a movie clip of me feeling up the guy, close-up, only feet away!! Inside the jiffy bag was two more items, a pair of foam ear plugs & a note: "YOU FUCKING DIRTY LITTLE WHORE. I HOPE YOU LIKED THE FEEL OF THE STRANGERS COCK & HIS HANDS ALL OVER YOUR WET CUNT. IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PISS US OFF MORE THAN YOU HAVE ALREADY, PUT IN THE EARPLUGS, TURN ON THE TV & RELAX! HAHAHA!! DON'T UNDRESS, I LIKE A BITCH IN RUBBER".

Wow! That wasn't the friendly polite guy I knew. OK, so he was getting into his role, I realised that but I also realised, I had never met the other guy & didn't really know either of them!!

My mind at this point was completely upside down. I'd had a few glasses of wine & was feeling a little tipsy. I was seriously considering leaving but my kinky mind & teased pussy persuaded me to stay. I rolled the earplugs into thin tubes & popped them into my ears & as they swelled, the TV faded to a mumble I realised how much more vulnerable I was without hearing. It was a big turn-on.

I was pleased he'd told me to stay in my outfit. He knows I love the feeling of being touched through my clothes, especially rubber-look, drum-tight pants!!

I laid face down on the bed & closed my eyes. I could actually hear my heart beating & realised I was actually thinking about every breath I was taking. My mind was spinning out of control. I had no idea when they would come or indeed if they would. I wondered if they were going to wait until I was asleep...

I guessed I had been lying there for around 15 minutes when it happened. To be honest, the timing was perfect. I really didn't want to be asleep; I also didn't want to be too tired to be horny. They jumped me as I was gently stroking my pussy & day dreaming of what was in store.

I didn't hear them come into the room & as I'd left the light on, I didn't see any change in light as they opened the door. It all happened in slow-motion. I remember one of the pair jump on top of me, sitting on my bum & pushing a hand between my shoulder-blades. My reaction was to try & spin over onto my back but the hand kept me firmly in place. I was now aware of the other guy, he was rougher so I guessed this was the pal I hadn't met. He grabbed my ponytail & pulled my head to the side. As he did, the guy sitting on me held my head on its side with his hand. The other guy then seriously pissed me off & for the first time, I was scared.... genuinely scared!

He used his thumb to grind my cheek into my teeth until I had no choice but open my mouth. As soon as I did he pushed what I later learned to be a small oval bath sponge. He was twisting my head so far that I thought he was going to break my neck. It was the first time I got a look at him, he was in a ski mask but I could tell it wasn't the guy I knew. I was struggling for real now & fucking angry! As I hissed at him he clamped his hand over my mouth, making me bite the inside of my lips. He was a heavy-handed, clumsy bastard but in hind-sight, I was loving the whole experience. At this moment in time though, I
was very frightened, but also very horny!! The weirdest sensation ever!

The guy sitting on my back had now wrestled my arms behind my back & had them clamped together at the elbow with one arm. His other arm was planted by my head, keeping him balanced & he'd straddled my legs & lay flat out on me using his body weight to keep me in place. The other guy started to gag me with a whole bandage wrapped tightly across my mouth, holding the sponge firmly in place, finished off with electrical tape. I'd been gagged before but this actually worked not just made to look pretty.

Once I was gagged the stranger jumped on to the bed & took control of my elbows, holding them firmly together as his pal started to rope them together. He was definitely more gentle than his pal but as more & more loops of rope went around just above my elbows, I realised I was well totally in their control. More rope was passed over my shoulders & above & below my breasts. Once they were bound, the stranger shuffled down the bed & knelt across the back of my knees, one hand gripping my ankles the other, rather crudely gripping my bum-cheek, his thumb grinding against my pussy lips, making them sore! I squeaked & wriggled to make him stop but he was definitely playing the part of the bad guy as he pushed his thumb even harder & snarled. "Lay the fuck still you dirty little cunt"!

My wrists were now bound together behind me & he had started on my legs. First, my ankles. As he did so the stranger found himself redundant for the first time. "This is fucking awesome! Cheers for asking me to help mate, she's fucking fit as fuck too, you lucky bastard". My playmate didn't answer he just continued to rope my legs above my knees & the very tops of my thighs tight up under my bum-cheeks.

The stranger just laughed, "Look at her, you've done that before, can I have a go?"

I was shocked at my playmates reply. "She's all yours; I'm going for a coffee". With this he headed for the door. Now I was really struggling, I furiously shook my head & mumbled, pleading with him not to leave me with this guy. He pulled off his ski-mask, shrugged his shoulders & with a grin, he left.

The stranger pulled off his mask. He was older than I thought, around mid-fifties, balding & had a beer gut. He picked up another length of rope & as I struggled helplessly on the bed on my side he walked around the bed behind me & clumsily looped the rope through the rope around my ankles, tied it off & passed the other end of the rope through the rope around my shoulders at the back of my neck.

"Let's see how bendy you are shall we you little fucker"! With this he started to pull... I groaned as he pulled tighter & tighter until my lower back strained as I was forced into a brutal hogtie. He tied off the rope & stood back to admire his work. As his gaze travelled up & down my bound body his eyes halted at my crotch, my hips thrust forward, my back arched painfully & my pussy pushed so far forward into my pants the seam dug deep between my lips.

"Fucking hell, look at your cunt"! he clambered on the bed & propping his head up on his hand started to trace the outline on my pussy with his finger. I glared at him, knowing that my wriggling was pleasing him, tried to make this beer-smelling fat bastard to get his hands off me by slowly shaking my head & mumbling "uh,uh..." His reaction wasn't really what I wanted. He looked almost put out. "Fuck off! Your mate asked me to come".

He grabbed my ponytail & yanked my head back so hard I could feel my neck crunch. His other hand grabbed my pussy & started to grind. Not the sensual fingering I had earlier, this was rough, as if he was kneading dough! The heel of his hand grinding hard on my pubic bone, his fingers like a group of eels on steroids! Each of them working on the thin, rubbery fabric. As his fingers worked on my pussy he licked & chewed at my neck & ear-lobes. He was disgusting, a real sweaty animal of a guy which in hind-sight made the whole feeling of being totally out of control even more exciting in a really strange kind of way.

My pussy by now was swollen, however disgusting the man was, I was fully aroused by the fact I was totally & genuinely under his control. His rough treatment had me close to orgasm on two occasions but his efforts were thwarted only by his seeming lack of knowledge of exactly where my clit was & also my other secret & sure way to make me cum! Having my bum stroked & squeezed through anything tight & shiny. I don't know why but it's the trigger that puts me over the edge. Lucky for me I suppose that he hadn't picked up on this & therefore missed out on making me cum before his pal returned.

I noticed he was getting frustrated. It was if he was trying everything he could to make me cum, his groping was getting harder & harder by the minute. It was when he nipped my earlobe a little too hard with his teeth that I growled through my gag & gave him a stare that let him know I was seriously pissed off! With this, he grabbed me by the throat glared at me & rolled me back on to my front.

"You stuck up bitch, you need a good hard fucking"!

To my horror, he was untying the rope from my ankles to my shoulders. The relief was wonderful but I knew what he had in mind. My feet flopped back onto the bed, he jumped on top of me & started to untie the rope at the top of my thighs & peel my pants off, leaving me naked & exposed to my knees. He started to unbuckle his belt & as I struggled he pushed his jeans down his thighs. Rough hands grabbed my hips & pulled hard, thrusting my bare bum into the air. I hated this man, but by now I was so utterly aroused, he could have fucked me senseless but instead he laughed, slapped my bare bum so hard he actually made me cry (I'm not actually into being smacked) pulled up my pants, jumped off the bed & pulled up his jeans.

"I think I'll save you for later".

He clambered onto the bed beside me, grabbed my hips & started to grind against me; I couldn’t help but push into his hard cock. He was horrid but he’d turned me on!

“Ahhh, poor little girl, all frustrated & wants some cock”!

He was grinding harder now & I was responding as I could feel him getting harder. He was getting me too close, grinding too hard & now he was pulling me against him with a hand on each of my clenched, shiny bum-cheeks. I was gagged, helplessly bound  & being  groped  through my clothes, who could blame me if I’d cum but just as I thought I was at the point of no return, he stopped & jumped off the bed.

“That should keep you thinking for a while” I was panting heavily & moaning. My body ached, my pussy dripping wet! He hadn’t finished with me. Sitting on the bed he put a hand around my throat & slowly started the squeeze.

“Does that turn you on you fucking bitch?” his grip tightened more & I started to choke. His grip suddenly loosened now his hand was over my gagged mouth & perilously close to my nose. He sniggered at me & suddenly his hand clamped down hard, his other hand pushed down inside my pants & a finger thrust up into my pussy, I was terrified, I couldn’t breathe & as I gulped on nothing but his sweaty hand, rough fingers were clamouring to push deep into my wet, swollen pussy. Then as suddenly as it had started, it stopped & without another word, he left….

I guess it was about an hour but to this day have no real idea how long I was left there alone.

They returned together, by which time I was aching. I had made a few hopeless attempts to struggle free but to be honest, I was aroused... very aroused & wondered what they had in mind.

Both of them, now unmasked but silent approached me the stranger had a bag in his hand. He tipped the contents onto the bed. I had made no secret that my favourite toy is my Hitachi wand, it never fails to hit the spot :)

By the lack of communication & the way they moved around the room preparing my next "punishment" it was pretty obvious, they had a plan.

I had rolled onto my side & watched them as they approached. Without a word they pulled me across the bed so that I was almost falling off the edge. The stranger clambered on the bed behind me & to some relief stopped me from falling by putting a knee on the rope holding me in my hogtie. As he held me in place my play partner handed him the now plugged in Hitachi wand. The stranger then started to remove my gag & as he plucked the sponge from my mouth he clamped his hand down hard, pushing my head back against his thigh.

My play partner was in front of me, his hands gently stroking my breasts & bum for a moment before unzipping his jeans. His cock was rock hard & pre-cum made it glisten. In one swift movement my head was pulled back by the stranger & with no warning I felt that huge, hard cock slip down my throat. He was thankfully slow & gentle, I would have gagged otherwise but with my ponytail being pulled so hard my throat was wide open & his entire length was inside. I could feel the course hairs against my face as he eased his length into me. I could feel him throbbing as he pushed in & out, I tried to suck & tease the tip with my tongue but I was being held too tight. The thrusting didn't stop, even when I felt the hand starting to rhythmically stroke & squeeze the backs of my thighs & at last, endless caressing of my shiny bum. The thrusting didn't stop either when I felt the familiar head of the Hitachi nestled tight against my pussy & start to buzz!

The hand on my ponytail let go & thankfully had lost its roughness, it now started to caress my breasts, hips & thighs while his other hand held the Hitachi against my pussy. Thankfully, he knew just the right spot after all. As the pair worked on my bound body & gagged me with a swollen cock I could feel myself getting closer by the second. I was thrusting hard against the Hitachi & writhing against the hands all over me. Suddenly I was cumming, I was still for a second, arching hard, pushing my hips forward as hard as I could before going into a glorious spasm. I came harder than I've even cum before.

Moments later my playmate joined me & filled my mouth with warm, salty cum. Now I was in fear of gagging as he uncontrollably thrust hard into my throat. As he did the stranger dropped the toy, still buzzing to the floor, pushed his hand inside my pants & found my swollen clit. Earlier must have been a tease as this time he was an expert! As two fingers parted my lips a third circled my hood & flicked my soaking wet clit until I came again & again!

That's enough for now; I need to go have some girl time :) XXXXX

You can find more of Miss Trussed on her website: <http://www.clips4sale.com/studio/24033>
](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=1129.0)
