---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiessz/sleeping_arrangement.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Sleeping Arrangement
authors:
- FG Dickens
tags:
- M/f
- fpov
- mpov
- enclosed
- latex
- bond
- catsuit
- armbinder
- gag
- collar
- frame
- toys
- mast
- oral
- climax
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2025-10-18 00:00:00
---

I watch as Byron goes about my evening routine. Making sure the latex catsuit is nice and snug, binding my legs together with straps and locking the armbinder on tight. He stroked my head with a smile, while adjusting the head harness and the big gag it held. “Nice and comfy?” he asked, not really expecting an answer… “Guess I should’ve asked before, huh?” He hooks me into the metal frame of the silo, hooking my head harness to the top of the frame, locking a ‘collar’ around my neck, waist, and ankles directly soldered into the frame… and just for show, tying the straps binding me off at a couple points.

“Oh, I almost forgot! You can’t sleep without your wand, can ya?”

“Nnnh!” I reply.

“Oh, there there… I won’t forget you’re down there! Not again… hehe”

He leaned in and kissed the ballgag and somewhat clumsily my lips too, I guess… He then left to retrieve my ‘sleeping’ wand, as he calls it, and strapped it between my legs, making sure the head is trapped tightly to my clit. “Theeeere you go! All nice, tight, and comfortable for the night,” he muses as he flicks the wand on - just the lowest setting… “Mhm…” I mutter as I softly melt into the restraints as the buzzing starts.

I’m taken back to reality by a light touch on my cheek. I look up at his soft smile, “alright, sweetie, good night!” A click of the remote later and the frame began to slowly descend into the floor. Further and further until I’m forced to look up just to see him… and to watch as the lid’s slid on…

---

I can hear a faint buzzing from the floor, kinda like the electronics of a fridge. Well, except this ‘fridge’ also moans. The time is midnight… “Yawwwnnn…” Well, better get this wrapped up then, it’ll be an early morning. I slide the carpet back over the silo, also returning the coffee table to its place. “You’re a lucky man, Byron… hm…”

My bulge has become unworkable… Surely, I can’t be expected to go to sleep like this? Hm… Taking the remote and turning on some porn, I begin to softly stroke myself. “Hm… this isn’t it… Aha!” I muted the TV, grabbed the other remote, and turned the vibrator up to… high? Sure.

“Ah… that’s more like it!” The muffled cacophony from under my living room floor quickly got me over the edge. A quick wet wipe later and it’s off to bed… Oh! I better turn that vibrator down!

…

“Good morning, Me,” I said to the wall-length mirror on the bedroom wall. Winona liked it for trying on outfits, but also, and more importantly, to, eh, watch herself while… we fuck. Damn it! She always calls me timid, I hate when she’s right! Anyway! When I got up I noticed I slightly lost balance, looking down I could see why… all my blood had gone back to… that thi- to my cock! Damn it, Byron, you prude! You’ve got a chick strapped into a storage silo for Christ's sake!

Ahem, I wash up quickly to ‘ready her breakfast’ before moving the coffee table and carpet again and collecting the remote, slightly playing up the yawns and stretches as the silo lid slid off. The smell of arousal was palpable, christ it smelled like I was right in there! I glance at the clock, 6:15, I’m a little late…

I began to wonder, did she sleep at all or had she simply slipped into subspace at some point. Hm? Another simple click of a button brought the frame back up, I paused it about… halfway. Her head was bobbing slightly as it stopped moving. I gently lifted her head up and checked her eyes as she slowly awoke. Hazy and out of focus, hehe, that does bring a smile to my face.

“Good morning, babe. Is there something Winona wants?” I can feel her head pulling against my grip, slightly as she tries to communicate. ‘Mercifully,’ I removed the ballgag from its harness, leaving it to dangle to the side. Hm…? A whisper, or would that be a pant? It was breathy anyway and pent up, you could feel the need.

“Is this what you want? Is it what you dreamt about all night?” I tease as I rest my thick slab of morning glory on her face. I can hear her breathing increase as though all that’s left after her night of bound edging was shameless desire. “You want this, don’t you? Just how badly do you want this?” I continue to tease.

There’s no reply… Maybe her mouth’s dry? Well, then explain the suckling lips on my balls! I would’ve teased her more, but after that ‘good morning kiss’ I really, really couldn't wait… I softly lift her chin with my index finger and smoothly slide into her mouth, nope, definitely not dry! I then move both my hands to the side of her head, gripping tightly to hold her still.

Her eyes slid shut and her tongue instinctively worked along the shaft. She was in bliss. After a night wishing for exactly this, having it felt like the best of dreams, the kind you don’t want to end. I thrust slowly, purposefully, pressing it deeper and deeper. I feel her lean her head back to take it even deeper. She’s still out of it, maybe she’s convinced it’s a wet dream? Nuh-uh, sweetheart.

I increase my pace and go harder. At the same time I reach over for the other remote and put the vibrator on high. Now that, that’s a sensation her mind can’t simulate as her eyes shoot open, staring straight into my eyes. “There she is! Good morning, slave.”

---

Well, good fucking morning! I woke up with a cock in my mouth and a vibrator blasting my thoroughly-teased clit. Want me to keep going? Or do you want to work?” he asks. I shake ‘no’ then ‘yes,’ I could use the distraction from that vibrator for a bit… I suck hard, fast, and completely. Taking it up and down the full length over and over… Well, it never exits my mouth by more than half a cock, my head movement is too limited for that. Anyhow, a little while later, his morning wood surrenders and he unloads deep into my throat. “A fitting breakfast for a woman who slept snuggly trapped in latex, in an underground silo,” he’d say usually, but not today.

I can feel him withdrawing from my mouth, attempting to lean forward to keep it in is fruitless, but I try anyway. I even give him the slightest nibble as he leaves, but alas, with a pop it leaves my mouth leaving a little strand of cum hanging from my lips.

I jump a little, well… jump, when the frame rises again. Not quite enough to take me out, not just yet, but just high enough so his hands can comfortably cup my boobs. Oh… the feeling of latex being pressed into them makes me tremble!. He rolled and teased my nipples, watching me move and twitch with lust in his eyes, even now. I can’t do much, bound as I am (perfect!), and a night of teasing made them very sensitive. My body finally remembers to send the ‘hey, girl! So your clit is being ravaged, thought you should know!’-signals up to my brain…

---

Her breathing increased again, she must be cl- Whoa! There it is! A night of teasing, of desperation, isolation, and finally a morning of fellatio all released in one go right there! Using the remote, I lift her body up until it’s fully out of the silo, the straps still holding her in place as I embrace her. “Good morning, babe. I hope you enjoyed that because there’s more where that came from!”

I grab a quick bite and take a seat on the couch, watching her cum and cum her brains out, waiting for my morning wood to come back to me. Hm, maybe I should see what’s on TV? Then, bam! “Shit!” I’d forgotten I was watching fucking porn before I turned it off!

“I was wondering… why you… lasted that long… hehe… H-has someone been a bad boy… and had a wank before bed?”

“N-no, babe! I just… I don’t know how that got there!”

“Haha, right… Now are you gonna… bend me over and take me… or do I have to make do with Mr Buzzy down there?”

“No no, babe. I gotcha…”

I unlock everything attaching her to the frame above her hips, so the waist and neck ‘collars’ and the hook on her head before bending her over and sliding into her very, very wet pussy.

“Fuck babe, you’re so fucking wet.”

“Ya think? Sh-shut up and fff-fuck me!”

“Yea, yea, yea.”

Slamming into her, it takes me a regrettably short time to cum, shooting my definitive shot of the morning, but I don’t think Winona cared anymore. The cock combined with the vibrator pushed her over the edge from what I can tell several times. I release the now passed out girl from her bonds and carry her to our bed, putting her away for the remaining hours until lunchtime. The time is 6:55… Fuck it, I’m joining her too!
