---
original_url: https://www.devouredstories.net/storiessz/starfighter.html
subcategory: Halloween Specials
title: Starfighter
authors:
- Reddwg15
tags:
- F/m
- shrink
- giantess
- swallow
- digest
- nc
- X
date: 2009-06-06 00:00:00
---

The starfighter handled easier than you would have expected it to in the
atmosphere. Only ten minutes ago did you pick up the enemy craft on your radar.
The computer identified the ship as a Red Scout, one of the worst small craft in
the alien's arsenal.

The aliens, you think to yourself. The damn aliens, infinately smart and in
astounding numbers. It has been twenty years since the war began. Since the
first encounter, in which over 25,000 colonists perished as their Colony Cruiser
was torn to shreds by enemy fighters, Earth has set up a huge defensive net,
able to shoot down any large alien ships coming into their range. Since no large
warships were able to break through the net (the aliens tried several times) the
aliens did the only logical thing. Using their advanced technology, they shrunk
themselves and their warships to very tiny sizes. Until they could find a way to
shut Earth's defensive net down, they would stay like this, infiltrating Earth a
bit at a time.

When the Terran Defense Force (TDF) found out about the new threat, they
began to fund a major project that would shrink a large fraction of the Terran
Fleet down to the scale of the aliens. You were a pilot aboard one of the
Command Cruisers that was shrunk. Your ship was a Strikeship, a craft with V
shaped wings and a flat back, but otherwise similar looking to a modern fighter
jet.

When you picked up the Red Scout on your sensors, you knew immediately that
you had to get within range of your communications jammer. The small, red
umbrella shaped ship darted about above a small neighborhood with ease. It's
rear facing particle accelerator (disintegrator that has a nasty habit of
inflicting the area surrounding the disintegration with massive radiaton levels)
began to open fire on you. Being an ace pilot, you dodged and weaved with
extreme ease. Your lasers couldn't get a lock, thanks to the material that made
up the damn thing's hull, so you fired wildly and strafed the air around the
small enemy craft. It couldn't be permitted to get far enough away to send it's
radio signals, which it could broadcast clear across the galaxy, regardless of
obstacles, in an instant.

You had just started to finally get a bead on the Scout, when, to your
surprise, it dives right into the open window of a house, passing through the
screen. Swearing that you wouldn't loose him now, you pull up on the stick and
follow him in.

The inside of the house is a real obstacle course. Apparently, the daughters
of the household decided to throw a party and invited a bunch of other beautiful
girls over. Right now, they were in the middle of digging into some chips and
dip. The Red Scout had darted under a coffie table as it frantically tried to
get out of your jammer's range, presumably to request for backup.

You continued strafing the air in front of you with lasers while dodging the
Scout's return fire. As it reached the other end of the table, it pulled up a
did a loop. You follow it in a heartbeat onto the buffett table, rolling right
side up again as you do so. Your ship is barely half a centimeter long, so it's
no trouble to dodge the people and the food platters. From your point of view,
it seems the two of you are skimming the table, no more than what seemed to you
to be five feet above it.

The Scout was putting distance between you. An idea popped into your head.
Making sure your parachute was secured to your back, you reached for the warhead
controls. Arming all the warheads and setting the laser power packs to overload,
you fire the Strikeship's afterburners and send it straight toward the little
alien craft. When you are sure you're not going to miss, you eject at the last
second.

As you begin to descend after reaching your maximum trajectory, you pull the
cord for your parachute. As it opens and your fall slows, you look up to see
your ship smash into the Red Scout, but not explode. The Red Scout is knocked
off course and spirals until it hits an electrical socket near the bottom of a
nearby wall. Your ship flies upwards and smashes through a light bulb, making a
tiny little flash inside the glass. None of the girls seem to notice.

Heaving a sigh of releaf, you look down to where you are falling and see a
tall, full wine cup rising up to meet you. Frantically, you twist about, trying
to make the parachute carry you away from the wine cup. Because of all your
thrashing, the string snaps and the parachute flutters away while you plummet
straight down.

With a splash, you fall into the red liquid. Everything around you becomes
distorted until you reach the surface. The rim of the glass is well over what
seems like twenty feet. You're not getting out of this one.

Even as you begin to float on your back, trying to think of ways out, a tall
shadow looms over you. Gazing up, you see one of the girls standing over you,
her hand on the wine glass you float in as she looks at some of her friends.

She is absolutely beautiful. Her long, black hair falls in curls down over
her shoulders and to her buttocks. Her lips are full, her breasts are well
developed, and her belly forms a perfect hourglass. She is hispanic, that much
you could tell from a glance. She wears a brown vest buttoned only once at her
clevage to show off her smooth belly and deep navel. She wears brown pants as
well. To you, she seems well over ten thousand feet tall, but since you are just
less than a millimeter tall yourself, she's probably only five foot seven.

While you are admiring the girl for her beauty, the world around you suddenly
shifts and spins. The girl's face becomes closer now, larger. You begin to think
ten thousand feet in comparison to you is an understatement. As the glass nears
her face and begins to tilt, you begin to frantically swim toward the far end of
the glass.

Too late. The giantesses cavernous maw, which must be over a hundred feet
across, opens and the wine spills like an ocean over her tongue, down her
throat, and into her belly. You can't swim fast enough and are beginning to be
sucked backwards. The glass tilts some more and shadows begin to overtake your
field of vision. The next instant, you look to either side of you and find
yourself passing in between her bottom front teeth. At the next instant, the
wine recedes down her dark throat and her mouth closes.

You lay on your stomach, face down in the very middle of the girl's tongue.
Surprisingly, you can still see. Her teeth seem to stretch well over three
stories each. Her mouth appears so big it seems as though it can hold a football
stadium. Her throat is well over eight stories tall. The girl's uvula hangs down
to just seemingly inches above her tounge at the back of her throat. Her tonsils
are huge, pulsating red boulders. Saliva secretes from her tongue and you slip
in every step. If you can make it to the edge of her tongue and get underneath
it, you should be all right.

As you start your walk, however, a light comes from the front of the girl's
mouth. You turn in shock to watch her teeth slowly part as the wine begins to
gush in over her gums, between her teeth, over her tongue like a big tidal wave.
You don't know where to go. The wave picks you up and carries you toward the
girl's esophagus. As you sweep toward your doom, you grasp onto her uvula just
as it reflexively rises to cover the path leading up to her nose.

Her uvula seems as big around to you as the trunk of a sequoia tree, so you
grab onto a loose patch of flesh and dig your fingers in. You can't hold on for
very long, it's just too slippery with saliva. Wine continues roaring underneath
you and down the girl's throat like a waterfall. Saying one last prayer, you let
your fingers slip and you spiral head over heels, flipping over and over as you
plummet down the girl's long throat. With a splash, you find yourself in the
girl's belly. You try to get up and walk but you are waist deep in powerful
acid. It isn't long before your legs melt out from under you and you plummet
head-first into her digestive juices. The acid covers your head and darkness
soon overtakes you.
