---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Three J's and an S Go Skiing Day 5
authors:
- The Technician
tags:
- MF
- FFF/f
- M/f
- D/s
- naked
- collar
- hottub
- bond
- gag
- susp
- electro
- tease
- torment
- mast
- sex
- anal
- climax
- cons
- X
---

(story continues from [**Three J's and an S Go Skiing Day 4**](threejsandansgoskiing4.html))

**Day Five**

Joan and Sara were both hanging almost limp in their chains when Judy came out of the bedroom in the morning. Their bodies were covered with sweat and they were both moaning softly and rocking their hips slightly.

"Oh my God," yelled Judy. "Ron, come out here."

She ran over and tried to unclip Joan's wrist cuffs. "Help me," she yelled to Ron as he came out of the bedroom. "We have to get them down."

Joan seemed to wake up slightly and smiled a very odd and wrinkled smile at Judy. "Have you ever been overwhelmed with pleasure?" she asked in an odd, sleepy sounding voice. "Have you ever been so far into pleasure that nothing else exists?... no time... no space... no pain... not even your body. All that exists is pleasure."

"It looks like sensory exhaustion," said Ron.

Judy looked at him with a very confused expression on her face, and he continued. "In laymen's terms, 'You fucked her brains out.' She is so overloaded on endomorphins and endorphins right now from the pain and the pleasure sensations that her brain has basically shut down."

"Do you mean she is high on pain and pleasure?"

"Actually..." Ron paused as if he was going to explain further, but instead said , "Yes... short answer, Yes. She's OK. She just needs to sleep it off."

"Is Sara OK?" asked Judy as she and Ron lowered Joan to the couch.

"I'm fine," came a voice from behind them. "I was just asleep. Continuous multiple orgasms, even if they were kind of small ones, can really wear you out. I think Joan blew a fuse about 2:00 am. The batteries in my unit ran out around 3:00 and I decided to go to sleep."

"She wore out the machine," slurred Joan. "I think that is the text book definition of sexually insatiable."

As Ron and Judy freed Sara from her cuffs, he asked, "Are you sure you're OK?"

"I'm more than OK," answered Sara, "I'm fine - mighty fine."

Ron laughed and shook his head, "I am really going to regret ever having said that, aren't I?"

Sara just gave him one of her lopsided grins and rubbed her wrists where the cuffs had been.

"Let's get Joan into bed," she said and began to pull Joan to a standing position. Ron and Judy help take her into the bedroom. Just as they were setting her down on the bed, there was a loud roar from outside the window and a thudding noise of something being thrown against the cabin.

"What in the hell is that?" snapped Judy.

Ron quickly looked out the window and answered, "The state blower."

Sara and Judy looked out through the top of the window that wasn't buried in snow. A fairly large state highway department dump truck was passing slowly by. On the front of it was the biggest snow blower either girl had ever seen. It was the width of one lane of the highway, and instead of having just one whirling blade cutting through the snow, there were six blades stacked one on top the other so that the snowblower's mouth pushing into the snow was as tall or taller than the truck it was mounted to. Two pickup trucks with "Dave's Snow Removal" signs on the doors followed slowly behind it.

When the pickup trucks got to the driveway, the second truck stopped and two men got out and took something out of the bed of the pickup truck. It was a long, white, fiberglass pole with a little red flag on the top of it. They walked up onto the snow and then a little way into the driveway before pushing the rod into the snow as far as it would go. They pulled it back out and then took a few more steps and pushed it in again. They repeated this until the rods suddenly would only go about half as far into the snow.

"What are they doing?" asked Judy.

"Probing for cars," answered Ron. "Pretty soon a small tractor with a big snow thrower on the front of it will come up the road and clear the driveway back as far as the car. The probe flags tell it when to stop so it doesn't chew up your car. Later another crew will come by and dig out your car."

"That's nice of them," said Sara.

"And they are well paid for it," replied Ron with a chuckle. "It is all part of the yearly fees for these cabins. They end up doing this two or three times every winter. But this is probably the worst it has been in quite a few years."

He turned around and checked Joan's pulse and then lifted one of her eyelids to look into her eye. "Let's let her sleep for a while. She should be pretty good in an hour or so."

"I'm going upstairs to fix some breakfast," said Sara. "You two come up when you are ready."

Fifteen minutes later Ron and Judy came upstairs. Both were wearing the sweatsuits they had been wearing the night before. Kevin and Julie were already at the table. They, too, were wearing their sweatsuits from the previous evening. Sara, on the other hand, was wearing only her collar.

"No bacon this morning?" asked Judy.

"Found the aprons," answered Sara, pointing to an apron hanging on the knob of one of the cabinet doors.

"I made the decision for bacon and eggs," announced Sara. "There is also toast and coffee."

The five sat around the table eating and talking for almost an hour and a half when Kevin announced that he was going to go take a shower. He had been gone for only a few moments when the sound of a roaring engine and a loud klaxon horn could be heard in front of the cabin.

"Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit," yelled Ron as he dashed into the living room and drew aside the curtains.

The large highway snowblower was roaring past at high speed with the driver leaning out of his window to see around the machinery. "Kevin!" yelled Ron. "Gear up! All call! we're going out! "

"What's happening?" asked Julie.

"Only a couple of things would pull a state blower away from a job, and only ONE thing would cause him to lock down the horn and not put the blower in travel position. There's been an avalanche somewhere on the mountain."

He already had the satellite phone in his hands when it began to beep. He answered with "Where? How bad?" Then he listened for a minute or two and hung up.

Kevin came running into the room, drying his hair. "Some idiot," explained Ron to Kevin, "followed their GPS up the summer access road on the other side. He thought he could get up to the lodge through there because it didn't show as closed on the highway conditions website. Hell, it isn't even on the highway conditions website because it's got big chains across it from the end of September to the end of May. The chains must have been buried in the snow and the idiot just drove on through."

"He got through to the Sheriff on his cell phone and explained what happened. They sent a county plow up there to rescue him. Plow driver reported that he had reached the car and was going to bring them back in his truck when suddenly he yelled 'Avalanche!' and they lost radio communication."

"The driver must have activated his emergency locator beacon, because they have a solid ping on the emergency frequency. A little while later they got a real weak transmission they think is from the driver. Something about putting his bed up and hoping it would poke through the snow."

"How bad is it?" asked Sara.

Ron paused in putting on his boots and said a measured, calm voice. "If a highway dump truck driver is hoping that his fully raised bed is poking through the snow, they are buried deep."

"What about the people in the car?" asked Judy.

"If the people were inside the car..., and if the car wasn't swept too far away.., and if we can find them..., and if the car wasn't crushed..., and if the car windows weren't blown through by the snow..., and if we can get to them in time..., we might be able to save them."

Ron then turned to Kevin, "Air rescue is going to drop locator strobes on the beacon. Two county rescue crews and a highway snow emergency crew will meet us there. We are going up and over the black diamond slope to intersect with the road on the back side."

He then turned to Judy and said, "If everything goes OK, we should be back in a few hours."

"And if not?"

"Put flowers on my grave every spring." Said Kevin.

With that Ron and Kevin ran out across the deck and down into the back yard. The two snowmobiles with the emergency sleds behind them soon roared away from the cabin. They evidently had European-style sirens because their exit was accompanied by what sounded like two donkeys singing soprano.

"What did he mean by that?" asked Julie.

Joan answered from the top of the stairs behind them. "They are going over to the west side of the mountain and cutting across under the high bluffs. It's normally blocked off all winter because of the extreme risk of avalanche. Just because the snow slides once doesn't mean it won't slide twice. He was serious. If the snow lets loose again, and they are under it, they might not come back."

Judy and Julie hugged each other and both began crying.

Sara called out from the living room. "They have it on TV."

The four of them stood in front of the set watching what was apparently a live feed from a news helicopter. A news anchor was talking, but he was only describing what they could already see. Below and to one side of the news copter, a small, red helicopter was hovering over a small clearing. A man in an orange jumpsuit was leaning out of the side opening holding something which he dropped to the ground. He then held another, and another and dropped them. Three bright orange strobe lights began blinking in the clearing. The camera zoomed in for a close up of the lights. A long green strip of metal that looked something like a park bench could be seen on the snow.

"That's the top of the truck!" exclaimed Judy. "The snow has to be ten to fifteen feet deep."

As they watched, two red snowmobiles came into the picture. As soon as they came to a stop, two men in yellow jumped off of each of them carrying a shovel and ran to the center of the strobe lights. All four began digging frantically in the snow near the green metal. In a few moments one of the men jumped into the hole and bent low as if he were looking at something. A moment later the others pulled him back up out of the hole and two of them lay flat on the ground with their hands extended down into the hole. It was obvious they were pulling on something, or something was pulling on them. The other two also reached down into the hole and soon a new pair of hands could be seen, and then arms, and then the torso of a man wearing a bright yellow-green vest.

The rescued plow driver was pointing at the snow in front of the truck. Then he made a rolling motion with his arms and hands. The newscaster whispered dramatically, "I think he is trying to tell them that the car was swept off the road and was rolled further down the hill."

Another snowmobile came into the picture. This one was the same yellow-green as the driver's vest. There were two men on it in bright orange snow suits with vests identical to the driver's.

"I believe those are highway personnel," intoned the news anchor.

"No shit, Sherlock," muttered Joan.

One of the men took something out of a silver case. It looked somewhat like a radar gun, but had a much larger screen on it. The other man spoke with the driver for several seconds and then both of them got onto the snowmobile and roared out of the picture.

"I think that is a heat sensor," said Judy. "They are hoping to spot the heat of the car engine."

The man suddenly pointed to a spot on the ground about twenty feet downhill from the truck. The four rescue workers again began digging frantically. As they were digging, the camera backed out slightly to show Ron and Kevin's bright orange snowmobiles arriving on the scene.

"Well, at least they made it that far," said Joan.

"You're real hopeful," replied Julie.

"Just being honest," answered Joan.

The newscaster reported, "It would appear that snow emergency ambulances have arrived on scene. If Newscopter 11 can pan back down the road a little ways, we should be able to see how far the hospital ambulances have gotten."

The helicopter pilot followed the anchors direction and turned so that the cameraman could zoom in on the state blower truck several miles away moving slowly up the road. Three regular ambulances were following in its path.

"Stay there a moment," ordered the anchor, and the cameraman zoomed in on the highway snowmobile as it arrived at the ambulances. The ambulances stopped as the snowmobile carrying the rescued driver pulled alongside. The EMTs in the third ambulance helped him down the snow wall and had him sit in the open back doors of the ambulance.

Meanwhile the snowblower moved quite a ways forward, and then backed up and cut a wider swath of snow. It did this several times until there was a fairly wide area cleared of snow. Then it continued on.

Two of the ambulances followed. The third turned around in the cleared area and sped back down the highway.

The news camera returned to the scene of the avalanche. There were now seven men digging frantically in the snow. It was a fairly large hole that got narrower as it moved downward in the snow. As the hole got smaller, one of the men got up out of the hole, then another, and then another until there were only two digging at the bottom.

Suddenly one of red snowmobile suits ran over to the e-cass and opened the back doors. He came running back with a small black satchel and jumped down into the hole and disappeared.

"They must have found the car," announced the news anchor.

"Either than, or Ron just followed Alice and the White Rabbit down into Wonderland," said Sara rather disgustedly. She followed that with, "Idiot!"

A moment later the other red suit ran over to the hole. A small object was handed up to him.

"It's a small child," cried Julie.

The news camera zoomed in close on the face of a four or five year old.

"His eyes are open!" yelped Judy. "He's alive!"

The red suit - apparently Kevin - carried the child over to the e-cap and lifted the lid. He laid him carefully inside and lowered the plexiglass lid back over him. He then ran back to the hole and jumped in.

He returned a few moments later carrying a slightly larger child whom he also placed carefully in the e-cap. He then ran over to the e-cass and carried both stretchers over to the hole.

Two of the other men reached down into the hole and helped pull an adult up out of the car. It appeared to be a woman. She was barely able to stand. They placed her on the stretcher and Kevin and one of the other men carried her over and slid her into the e-cass.
A moment later they were pulling another adult from the hole. This person was slightly larger and appeared to be totally limp as they lifted him out and lay him on the stretcher. As soon as he was on the stretcher, Ron appeared in the hole and set his bag up on the snow. One of the men helped him up out of the hole while the others put the stretcher in the emergency ambulance.

Ron began to walk over toward the e-cass when suddenly everyone began running. The news anchor, always quick to state the obvious, said, "Something is happening."

The camera pulled back and showed all seven men running toward the snowmobiles. The e-cep was first in line with Kevin driving. Then the two red snowmobiles, and finally Ron with the e- cass. The highway department man jumped on behind Ron as all four snowmobiles sped away from the scene at high speed.

The camera pulled further back and the news anchor announced, "There appears to be a major avalanche sliding toward them. They are trying to outrun it, but it doesn't look good. It doesn't look like they are going to make it.

Judy and Julie were both crying, "No, no, no, no," as they watched the snow flow down toward the road on which the snowmobiles were racing.

Just as the leading edge of the slide reached the road Kevin did something totally unexpected. He turned at an almost right angle directly into the avalanche and began going uphill against the flow of snow. The three snowmobiles following him had no choice but to make the same turn or hit him. The e-cass rocked wildly as Ron turned it hard uphill into the avalanche. They were obviously speeding uphill, but were not going anywhere because the snow was flowing beneath them almost as fast as they were moving uphill.

The news announcer was repeating "Oh, my God! Oh, my God!" almost as if he were chanting a mantra. Then he changed to "This is terrible. This is terrible." Finally, as the slide stopped moving, the snowmobiles started gaining ground and actually began moving uphill.

Kevin turned his sled slowly back toward the trail and heading out over the freshly shifted snow toward the waiting ambulances. The other snowmobiles followed.

"Unbelievable! Unbelievable! Unbelievable! Unbelievable!" chanted the news anchor. "That was a one in a million chance and it worked!"

Judy and Julie just stood in front of the television and cried.

A few minutes later the news caster said that they had a live reporter with the ambulances and the helicopter camera zoomed in to show several snowmobiles alongside the ambulances which were now turned around in a large area cleared by the state blower. Someone was standing next to one of the snowmobiles surrounded by a camera crew.

A couple of state highway trucks were in the area between the ambulances and the snow blower and men with shovels were working frantically to break down the snow wall to create a ramp from the road up to the top of the snow. The image switched to the ground level cameras and a female in a blue parka began to speak. "We are waiting the arrival of the rescue ambulance. We have been told that the family is alive, but injured. That's all we know right now."

The image cut back to the helicopter and you could see Ron and Kevin's snowmobiles approaching the now silent snow blower. Several men on top of the snow were directing them toward the ramp down to the highway. The ground level camera took over to show the orange snowmobiles and their sleds descend to highway level and stop.

The ground ambulance personnel ran to the e-cep and bundled the two children into one of the ambulances. A moment later the woman was transferred to a Gurney and placed in the same ambulance which immediately roared off down the highway. The EMTs took more time with the man. Inserting IVs and stabilizing his neck, leg and one arm before transferring him to the remaining ambulance.

The orange snowmobiles turned in the clearing on the highway and roared back up the ramp to the top of the snow where they stopped for a few minutes as Ron and Kevin spoke with the other rescue personnel before pulling away at a much more reasonable speed and heading on down alongside the highway. The camera followed them for some time while the announcer speculated on who the drivers might me. He stated, "I think they are part of the Snow Rescue team from Mountain Lodge Resort. We will try to find out who they are and get an interview later today".

Julie's cell phone rang and she squealed as she read the ID. "It's Kevin," she cried out. The others watched her as she listened and then replied, "We know. We were watching on television. OK. We will see you in a little while."

She turned to the others and said, "They are coming back on the trail alongside the highway. They have to stop up at the aid station to refuel and replenish their kit and then they are coming back down here."

"I'm going to clean up," said Judy.

"So am I," added Julie.

"You might as well clean up a little too," Sara said to Joan. "You look like hell."

"Thanks a lot." replied Joan. "I heard what Ron was saying downstairs, even if I wasn't responding too well. I always thought having your brains fucked out was just a myth, but after my twentieth or so orgasm, it was like I passed out with my eyes open."

"I think that happens to me at around my hundredth," answered Sara with her characteristic grin. "But I'm not sure because I've never gotten past ninety in the same night."

Joan wasn't sure whether Sara was kidding or not, so she just replied, "I'm going to grab a shower as soon a Julie is out."

\* \* \*

It was nearly an hour later when Ron and Kevin came back into the yard. When they entered the door from the deck, each was carrying something - a twenty four bottle case of Lone Star beer in long neck bottles.

"I think we need to kick back and relax tonight, and wine just doesn't do it for me," explained Kevin.

"That's a lot of kicking back," observed Joan.

"We thought we might relax in the hot tub together and we weren't sure if you ladies might not want a change of pace from the wine." answered Kevin.

"You OK with everyone in the hot tub?" asked Sara.

"After today, I don't think I'm afraid of anything anymore - even roller coasters. In fact, I don't think much will scare me from now on. What is a bunch of naked people in a hot tub compared to a couple million pounds of snow. Count me in for a long soak on the deck tonight."

He looked over at Julie and added, "If it's OK with you."

She nodded her head eagerly, but said nothing.

Judy started to say something, but was cut off by the beep and warble of Ron's satellite phone.

Ron's voice got a little louder and harsher as he said, "Do we have to, sir? It was just a standard snow rescue with a minor problem with sliding snow."

He clicked off his phone and said to Kevin. "We have to go back up to the aid station. They've given the TV station permission to land on the heli-pad so they can interview 'today's heros.'"

"What am I supposed to tell them?... that we lucked out beyond belief?"

"I am going to say that we were just following our training," said Ron with a smile. "That's my story and I'm sticking to it...." His face and voice became expressionless as he finished, "...regardless of what the truth actually is."

"What do you mean?" asked Joan.

"We were dead, and we knew it," answered Kevin. "When the slide caught us, I knew it would roll us down the slope and bury us all. As the leading edge hit, I turned slightly in an attempt to keep the machine from rolling for another few seconds. The tow sled broke loose and dragged me around. Suddenly I was facing uphill and running on top of the snow. I just opened the throttle and prayed I could stay on top."

Pointing over at Ron, he continued, "They turned to keep from T-boning me and ended up along side me. Nobody was more surprised than me when the snow stopped moving and we were still on the blue side of the white."

He looked around at the girls. "Everyone thinks we are heros, but the reality is we are just some of the most very damned lucky guys ever on the face of the earth."

"But you saved the family," said Judy.

"And you rode an avalanche!" added Julie. "That had to be totally terrifying. Those two kids must have been scared out of their minds."

"The two kids loved it!" exclaimed Kevin with a laugh. "When we got them out of that car, I didn't want them to be afraid of the glass coffin, so I told them that they were going to get to ride in a space capsule. When we finally got to the ambulance, they told me that it had been one of the neatest rides they had ever been on."

Kevin looked Julie directly in the eyes, "And it was. When that sled snapped around and suddenly we were riding an avalanche, I wasn't afraid. I was on top of the world. I was Pecos Bill riding a tornado. All I could think of was keeping the speed exact so we stayed in the same place and I didn't shoot off into the trees or something. I knew that if a tree or a branch or, hell, even a really hard chunk of snow got swept under the front skis, we would tumble and get buried, but for that moment, I was in control of life and death. I think my being in control in such a situation was what gave me the biggest rush. Maybe that's why I've never been to crazy about roller coasters... I'm not in control on a roller coaster."

He turned slightly red and looked a little away from Julie's face. "I was so turned on. I was harder than granite. If you had been there at the ambulance after I transferred the kids to the paramedics, I think I could have taken you right there in the snow in front of Channel 11 News and everybody."

Ron coughed slightly. "Speaking of Channel 11 News, we have an interview to get to."

Addressing the four girls he continued, "And since we have to be up at the aid station again anyway, we had best get everything written down in our reports. I have a feeling that this is going to be a little more well known than our usual rescues, so we'd better make sure all the i's are dotted and all the t's properly crossed. We'll grab something to eat out of the refrigerator at the aid station, so don't wait supper for us. Depending on how long this interview takes, we should be back here sometime before eight."

He then leaned forward and kissed Judy and said, "See you then."

Soon the whine of the snowmobile engines was fading into the distance.

\* \* \* \*

As the sound of Ron and Kevin's snowmobiles faded, Sara said, "Well, it looks like it's the four of us for supper. Everything is ready so why don't we go ahead and eat."

When supper was finished and the girls were sitting sipping wine around the table, Julie said, "Uh... I.... uh... have a favor to ask."

"This sounds serious," commented Joan. "What do you want?"

"I want to give Kevin something special."

"A 'hero fuck' for Super Rescue Man?" asked Sara.

Julie turned more than slightly red and answered softly, "Something like that."

"When Kevin was talking about being in control and how being in control turned him on, I was imagining letting Kevin be totally in control of me." She turned a deep shade of red. "And God, that turned me on! I thought I was going to start dripping on the floor through my clothing."

"Welcome to the sisterhood," said Sara.

"I've never felt that way for anyone else - ever. But I do about Kevin! I want to give myself totally to him. I want him to know that he is totally in control and can take me in any way he desires."

"And you need us because?" asked Judy.

"I don't know what to do... or how to do it."

"I think the carousel crowd is going to go roller coastering in the basement tonight," said Joan. "We've got almost two hours before they get back. Let's all warm up for a while in the hot tub and then we will take our bondage virgin downstairs and prepare her to be sacrificed to the conquering hero."

Julie could not meet any of their eyes, but her breath was starting to come in shallow gasps and it looked like she was almost on the verge of orgasm.

"To the virgin offering," said Sara, raising her glass in a toast.

"To the virgin offering," replied The Three J's.

= = = = = = =

The Three J's and an S sat in the hot tub drinking wine and talking. Julie was trying to build up her courage for what she wanted to do, and the other girls were trying to release the tension of the events of the day.

"I think we need to shut you off on the wine now," Joan said after Julie had finished her glass. "You don't want to get sick."

"Yeah," added Sara snickering, "throwing up really puts a downer on the mood."

"Not to mention the fact," said Judy, "that you are going to be bound and gagged when Kevin arrives back tonight. Throwing up into a ball gag is a real downer."

"OK, OK," answered Julie. "I'm just trying to get totally in the mood."

"If you want to get TOTALLY in the mood to give yourself completely to Kevin, I think you should be the one to take the empty bottles back out to the box in the snow."

Joan added, "And do it like Sara would.... one bottle at a time."

"How many bottles are there?" asked Julie?

"Five," answered Sara. "I never got around the taking the bottles out from last night."

"OK," said Julie. "Five trips out through the snow barefoot and bare assed, just like Sara loves so to do so much."

"Wait a minute," said Sara. "You need to get your fire burning first in order to enjoy the cold."

She slid over to Julie and pulled her body against her own. "Just pretend that this is Kevin for a moment," she said as she pressed her mouth against Julie's and slid her hand between Julie's legs.

In just a few moments Julie was squirming and panting. "Whoa, Sara," said Judy. "Don't take her over the top. She needs that fire burning hot enough to melt her way through the snow."

Sara slid back away from Julie and took a deep breath. "You are insatiable," said Joan.

"But good to have around when you need your fire lit," answered Sara.

"Get going," Joan said to Julie.

As Julie started to climb the steps out of the hot tub, Judy swatted her hard on the ass. Julie gasped. "Was that pain or pleasure?" asked Judy.

"Not sure," answered Julie.

"You're getting there," said Sara.

Julie picked up the empty bottle of wine that was on the table and walked out through the snow to the two boxes buried by the picnic table. She put the bottle in the open case and returned to the deck.

"Pain or pleasure?" asked Judy again.

"Both," answered Julie.

"Closer," said Sara.

She went into the cabin and returned with another empty bottle. As she walked out to the picnic table, she moved off the path that she and Sara had worn in the snow so that she was walking almost waist deep through the compacted powder.

On each of the next three trips, she again pushed a new path through the snow. As she came up onto the deck after returning the fifth empty to the boxes in the snow, Judy again asked, "Pain or pleasure."

"The pain's still there," she answered, "but the pleasure is overwhelming it... and me."

"She's ready," announced Sara.

"Let's go get the virgin ready for sacrifice," said Joan

They stopped in the kitchen so that Julie could write a note to Kevin. Joan wrote "KEVIN" in large, block letters on the top of a piece of paper with a black marker and then handed the paper to Julie. Julie wrote, "Kevin, when you were talking about how turned on you got by being in control, I was thinking about me letting you be in total control of me and I got REALLY turned on. I am downstairs. The girls are going to tie me up and get me ready in some fashion - they won't tell me what they are going to do. I am giving myself totally to you tonight. I am yours completely. You may use me in ANY way you desire. Don't think at all about my pleasure. My pleasure will come from giving you pleasure. I don't want our relationship to always be like this, but for tonight I am totally and completely in YOUR CONTROL."

"Wow," exclaimed Judy. "If this doesn't get him going that boy is dead."

"OK, let's put that on the door to the basement and go down and get you ready."

The four naked girls walked down into the basement. The chains were still hanging from the two beams from the night before.

"We don't need all of these," announced Sara as she began to remove the second set of restraints.

"Stand here," ordered Joan, indicating beneath the beam, "and put your hands above your head."

Julie stood where Joan had instructed her and raised her hands above her head. Judy wrapped one of the cuffs on her right wrist while Sara wrapped the left. Then they both clipped the cuff to the hanging chain.

"Time for the feet," said Joan as she began wrapping one of the ankle cuffs on Julie's leg. "Spread 'em as wide as you can go," she instructed and then clipped the cuff to the chain. After she had done the same with the other cuff, she announced, "Not tight enough," and went over to the wall to move the clip up the chain several inches.

Julie was now tightly bound with her legs spread almost uncomfortably wide. Sara walked up behind her and whispered in her ear. "You realize that you are now totally vulnerable, don't you?"

Julie took a deep breath.

"Kevin will be able to stroke your breasts as much as he wants." She ran her hands over Julie's breasts and slightly tweaked one nipple. "And he can run his hands over your body... ANYwhere... over ANY part of your body."

Sara ran her hands across Julie's buttocks and down the backs of her legs. She then started up the insides of Julie's legs rubbing lightly with the backs of her hands as she moved upward toward where her legs joined together. When she got to the top, she turned her hands over and rubbed her fingers against Julie's slit, sliding two fingers between her dripping pussy lips. Julie inhaled sharply as Sara's hand found her throbbing love button. "Just think what that will be like when it is Kevin doing it," whispered Sara as she removed her hands from Julie's body and stepped back leaving Julie whimpering softly.

"These are the controllers," Joan informed her as she fastened the two belts around Julie's waist. She placed the two controllers on the outside of Julie's back, one on each side just above her ass cheeks. "I put fresh batteries in them so they should be good for six or seven hours of continuous use."

"This is a ball gag," said Judy. "Notice the safety air hole so you won't choke if your nose gets clogged."

"And this is a blindfold," added Sara as she slipped it over Julie's eyes. "There are also some earplugs, but that might be too much for your first experience at bondage submission."

Julie felt someone moving the controllers slightly and then felt wires against her back.

"These are the nipple clamp contacts." It was Judy's voice. Julie felt the pressure as the clamps closed on her nipples.

"We will set them at three," said Joan, and Julie immediately felt a tingling sensation.

"This is a pussy popper," said Sara. "Actually, I think they call it a vaginal shield electro-stim contact plate, but pussy popper is more fun - and probably more accurate. We are going to set that for three also.... for now."

Julie felt the cold of the lube as the metal tube was inserted in her vagina, and then the greasy cold feel of the contact plate as it was pulled tight against the outer lips of her sex. Almost immediately after it was in place, she grunted slightly as the first tingling shocks hit her.

"And this is an anal torpedo." The voice sounded like Judy's, but with the distraction of the nipple and vaginal shocks, Julie couldn't be sure. She was still trying to figure out what an anal torpedo was when Joan began inserting the dildo shaped butt plug up her ass.

She wiggled her butt trying to escape the intruder, but Joan slapped her sharply on the ass cheek and said, "Anything means anything, and you said ANYTHING."

Julie tried to say "I said KEVIN could do anything," but all that came out were grunts as Joan slowly wiggled the electric dildo into her rectum.

"For this to truly be effective," said Sara, "it has to be set fairly high." Joan turned the control to eight.

Julie grunted and gyrated as her anal sphincter began to contract tightly in time with the electric pulses. Although she had never experienced the real thing, it soon felt like someone was fucking her in the ass.

"One more thing," said Judy. "We are going to glisten you up. This is baby oil gel that I am smearing all over your body." Julie began moaning as Judy rubbed the thick gel all over her body.

"And this is regular baby oil," added Sara as she poured copious amounts of the oil over Julie's shoulders and began to mix it with the thicker gel that already covered her body.

Julie was now bucking and grinding in time with the electric pulses. "We are going to let you stew a while," said Joan. "Kevin should be here in about a half hour. If he gets delayed, we may have to do something else, but for now, this should work fine. We're going back upstairs to the hot tub."

Julie was vaguely conscious of the sound of the girls going back upstairs. She definitely heard the door close solidly at the top of the stairs.

"What would you like to do until the guys get back?" asked Joan.

Judy replied, "We might as well get back into the hot tub until they arrive. I think Ron and I will go back into the bedroom at that point." She looked at Joan and Sara and smiled broadly. "He deserves a 'hero fuck' too, even if I'm not throwing myself at him cunt first."

Sara giggled and said, "She is kind of doing that, isn't she. Does that upset you?"

"Only because I didn't think of it first," answered Judy. "Only because I didn't think of it first."

As Joan started to step back down into the hot tub, she asked, "Sara, would you like to go get us some more wine?"

Sara paused and for a moment Joan thought she was going to say, "No," but instead she said, "Why don't we try the beer. That way we can honestly say that we didn't sit around and drink several bottles of wine every night for the whole time we were up here."

"You just want to bring the beer up here one bottle at a time," laughed Judy, "but a beer does sound good." She paused and added, "And then after Ron gets back I won't be mixing my liquors and end up sicker than a dog."

"So you're going to be doing doggie-style hero fucks tonight?" asked Sara in mock seriousness before dissolving into fits of laughter.

"Have YOU ever done doggie style?" Judy asked Sara in response.

"Kind of hard to do with two women unless one of you is strapped, and I've never done a man." She paused and looked very thoughtful for a moment and then continued, "Never done a dog either, but I think it would be about the same to me since I'm not really attracted to men or dogs. If I were horny enough, though, I would probably do either or both." She paused again and then added, "Never done a machine either, though I've gotten pretty wet watching some of the ads on the porn sites."

"Are you answering Judy's question or making a bucket list?" asked Joan.

"I think that would be a fuck-it list," answered Sara as she returned with the first of the beers.

Like Julie had done before her, she was now making a totally new path through the snow on each trip out to the cache of beer and wine on the picnic table. When she returned with the second bottle, Judy said, "I thought Lone Star bottles didn't unscrew... that you had to have a bottle opener."

"You can get them that way," answered Sara, "but most people want to be able to open them without an opener, so except for certain special runs, they are twist offs." She held the bottle down to her pussy lips and mimicked twisting it open.

"I saw this leather thong on line once that had a ridged depression right here," pointing to her cunt with the top of the bottle, "You could set the top of the bottle in it under your skirt and twist the cap off. The idea was to make it look like you were opening it with you pussy lips. I almost bought them, but couldn't figure out where I would ever wear them and who I would be drinking beer with that I could do that trick for."

"I've seen beer bottles there before, but they were already open, and there were no thongs or panties in the way." said Joan.

"It would give the beer a distinctive flavor, I imagine," said Judy.

"I'll have to try it some day," responded Sara as she twisted the cap off with her hand and gave the bottle to Joan in the hot tub.
A minute or so later, she was back with the final bottle of beer. She stood at the top of the steps into the tub, twisted the cap off and threw it over onto one of the deck chairs. Then she lowered the bottle down to between her legs and inserted it into herself several times.

"Love the sensation of cold inside me," she said, and then after taking a deep swig from the bottle added, "and it does, indeed, add a distinctive flavor to the outside of the bottle that you pick up on your tongue as you drink."

She looked over at Judy and said, "I'll have to ask Ron his opinion on it in the morning."

Judy merely tipped her bottle at Sara in a salute and said, "You never know. You never know."

"Speaking of Ron," said Joan, "I think I hear the snowmobiles now."

Seconds later the two bright orange snowmobiles and their towed ambulance sleds came into the yard. Ron and Kevin walked over to the deck carrying their helmets and began to climb the steps.

"Ron, could I speak to you a moment over here," said Judy.

Joan said, "Kevin, Julie is waiting for you downstairs."

"I finally get brave enough to travel outside of my comfort zone and go full monty in the hot tub and she's not feeling adventurous tonight," he responded. He sighed deeply and added, "I'll never understand women."

"That's probably true," Joan replied, "but tonight isn't what you think. Julie is definitely feeling adventurous tonight - just not in the way that you expected."

Judy held her finger up to her lips to tell Ron to remain quiet and said to Kevin, "Julie is feeling very adventurous tonight and might be willing to travel well outside her comfort zone."

Sara added, "She might even be willing to travel all the way around the world, and you're not going to find her that adventurous very often."

"There's a note that explains everything on the door going downstairs," said Joan. "Just hang up your things, read the note, and go down on her.. I mean to her."

Kevin looked very confused, but mumbled, "OK... I guess..." He turned to say something, but instead muttered, " .... women," and walked into the cabin.

"What is going on?" asked Ron.

"Julie noticed that Kevin gets turned on by control," explained Judy, "so she decided that she would let him totally control her tonight. We helped her get ready and..."

Judy couldn't continue for her snickers and giggles, so Sara completed the explanation. "Julie is downstairs chained to the beams, naked, blindfolded, and gagged with both electro-stim controllers pleasure pulsing the nipple clamps, the pussy cup, and the anal torpedo. Right now, she is probably hornier than a three peckered billy goat and would deep throat a cactus and screw a doorknob both at the same time. If Kevin thought he had a wild ride this afternoon, just wait until he gets downstairs."

"I was thinking more along the lines of a few beers and then an evening of quiet thought and reflection," said Ron. After a long pause and long drink from the long neck, he stroked Judy's breast and added "... of course screwing my brains out has always helped me to clear my mind and focus my thoughts."

"I think that was a hint for us to go inside and start reflecting," said Judy.

Sara began to get up out of the hot tub and said, "I'll get you a couple of long necks to go. Thinking always makes me thirsty."

She returned shortly with four bottles, surprisingly bringing them in one trip. As she handed them to Ron she said, "We were discussing earlier about why some people like to put a lime in their beer bottles. Joan thought that it was to give Dos Equis or Corona a tangy over taste. Judy thought there was a better way to give a tangy over taste to Lone Star." She smiled over at Judy. "Maybe she could explain that to you sometime tonight."

Judy smiled back and mouthed, "I will get you for that!"

Sara just stuck her tongue out at Judy and handed the four long necks to Ron. "Have a good discussion and reflection," she called out merrily as Ron and Judy disappeared inside.

Meanwhile, Kevin was slowly walking downstairs as he read and re-read the note he had taken off the door without really understanding for sure what it meant. When he got to the bottom of the steps he stopped, frozen, watching Julie writhe and buck in her chains. Her body was glistening with gel, oil, and sweat. Her head was thrashing from side to side and she was moaning continuously through the red ball gag that filled her mouth.

He stepped up behind her and examined the controllers that were strapped to her waist. Tracing the wires from her nipples clamps he shut off that half of the controller and reaching around her removed both clamps at the same time.

Julie stood up as straight as she could and thrust her breasts forward trying to recapture the tingle. Instead, she felt Kevin's hands close around her breasts and felt his fingers circle her aureola and tug slightly on her nipples. "Give me a minute to get out of my clothes," she heard Kevin say and the hands left her breasts.

She began whimpering and thrusting her breasts forward. In a few moments she felt Kevin's body press against her from behind as his arms wrapped around her and fondled her breasts. He continued to tug gently at her nipples while at the same time rubbing his chest against her back. She was now moaning shrilly through the gag. She felt his hands on her waist and suddenly the pulsing between her legs stopped. Kevin released the belt on one of the controllers and lowered it to the ground. He then untied the strings which held the vaginal cup in place and tried to slide it off her body.

He was surprised to discover that attached to the plate was a long electrode which was deep inside her, but as soon as he saw it, he changed from sliding the cup off her body to pulling it straight away from the opening of her pussy lips. Then, still standing behind her, he began to rub up against her and to stroke her entire front. His hand traveled from tweaking her nipples to sliding between her legs and grazing her clit to pressing against her abdomen as he moved back toward her breasts. She was trying to tell him, "No, I want you to have all the pleasure," but nothing understandable could come out past the ball gag.

Besides, she could tell that he was also enjoying what was happening because his rigid prick was rubbing between her legs. The thought crossed her mind that she hoped he couldn't get shocked by the anal plug, but it didn't matter since he had now already moved around and was standing in front of her. He pressed himself fully against her front. Her breasts were crushed against his abdomen. His erection was pressed between their bodies just above her pubic bone. His hands were kneading the globes of her ass, and he was starting give out short, guttural moans as he rocked against her.

Stepping slightly away from her, he ran his hands down the length of the outside of her legs and then back up to her breasts. After doing this several times, he bent his knees slightly and pushed himself between her legs. Reaching under her arms and putting his hands up and over her shoulders from the back, he pulled suddenly and thrust himself upward into her quivering cunt. She exploded in an immediate orgasm, and continued to go higher as he thrust hard and fast for several minutes. Just when she thought that she could stand no more, he suddenly thrust very hard upward and held himself tight within her.

Julie felt like she was being impaled by his prick and being lifted off her feet. She wasn't wrong. With him pushed tightly inside her, she was on tip toe with barely anything touching the floor. He held himself, and her, like that for at least a full minute and then dropped down and lowered her to back onto her feet. Julie thought he might stop and let her down so that they could go into the bedroom at this point, but instead, his hands began to again slide over her body. The combination of the heavy baby oil gel and baby oil and their own sweat had made her body extremely slippery.

Kevin rubbed his hands across every inch of her body. The sensations ran from sensual to soothing to painful and back to sensual. She began to come down from her orgasm, but remained in an extremely elevated sexual state. And as Kevin continued to stroke her, she felt herself climbing once again toward climax. This time, however, it wasn't a rapid rush as before, but a slow, steady, continuous increase in the fire within her.

Kevin again moved around behind her as he continued to stimulate the entire surface of her body. She felt movement of the second controller belt and heard it, too, being placed on the ground. Then the sensations in her anal canal lessened. Kevin was slowly turning down the level of the pulses.

Somehow, the lessening of the pulses made Julie more, not less, aware of them. It was no longer a sudden tightening of her anal sphincter, but it became rather a series of prickly shocks deep within her. As the level continued to slowly drop, it subsided to tickling tingles vaguely between her legs. Finally it was just a strange tickling sensation that seemed to be both inside and on the surface of her rear.

When the pulses were totally gone, she felt Kevin's fingers gripping the T-shaped base of the anal torpedo. He tugged steadily and twisted it slightly back and forth as he pulled it out of her. She felt his finger slide into her as soon as the torpedo had come out, and was surprised that it did not feel as if there was much resistance to that intrusion. She must have remained slightly open after the dildo was removed.

Kevin stood behind her and again began rubbing his body against her. He was once again rigid and erect - as only a virile, young man could be in so short a time. With one hand he reached up and began to loosen the straps which held the ball gag in place. "I want you to be able to say no to this," he explained. "And if you say no, I will stop, regardless of how far along we are."

He dropped the gag onto the floor and rubbed against her back with his body while kneading and massaging her breasts with his hands. He began rubbing his dick up and down in the crack of her ass cheeks and moved his hands down so that he was both pulling her more tightly into himself and rubbing her cunt and clit.

He dipped down slightly, and the head of his prick slid down into Julie's ass cheeks. He moved back and forth to aligned the head with her virgin rosebud. He thrust forward slightly, not enough to penetrate, but enough to apply pressure and slightly spread the puckered opening.

"Yes, yes," she moaned. "Tonight, I am yours. You are in control. Use me however you want."

It took all the control Kevin had not to slam himself fully into Julie upon hearing those words. Instead he rocked back and forth with her, penetrating her slightly more with each thrust. As his member slowly slid in, Julie began moaning louder and louder. She turned her head and tried to kiss him as he stood behind her, but all she succeeded in doing was to touch tongues for a few fleeting seconds.

Kevin was now fully within her and he continued his slow steady strokes as both he and Julie began moaning louder and louder. The push of his hands against her cunt and his thrusts into her ass became faster and then more and more frantic until Julie was suddenly once again taken up onto tiptoe and beyond. Her feet were now totally off the ground, pulled down only by the tension of the chains attached to the wall. She wailed and shook and vibrated as Kevin held her impaled in his grip. She felt the warm sensation of him ejaculating inside her and screamed out in uncontainable pleasure.

Upstairs on the deck, Sara and Joan were rubbing against one another in the hot tub. Sara stopped, looked over at the cabin, and said, "That didn't sound like a carousel. That sounded much more like a roller coaster."

"So, my little roller coaster rider," murmured Joan. "How would you like to finish the evening? With a coolie?... a hottie?... or a not-so-quickie in the bedroom?"

"I think I will take one from column A, one from column B, and one from column C," answered Sara, and then laughing she ran down the steps of the deck and threw herself into an area of undisturbed snow in the back yard. Joan raced behind her and dove after her into the snowbank.

Kevin, meanwhile, was unwrapping Julie's wrist and ankle cuffs in preparation to carrying her into the bedroom to complete their world tour.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
END OF DAY FIVE

The saga of "The Three J's and an S" WILL continue.
We have yet to find out what Sandy and Mandy keep in that closet of theirs.
And there is that DRPP qualification test that Kevin still has to pass.
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=673.0)

17.08.13

story continues in [**Three J's and an S Go Skiing Day 6**](threejsandansgoskiing6.html)

o0o
