---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiesad/boy_trapped_amber.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: A Boy Trapped in Amber
authors:
- Desiree Foster
tags:
- '#storycodes#'
date: 2007-04-04 00:00:00
---

He liked them stupid, barefoot and pregnant, well not barefoot, actually he liked them better in sky high fuck me stiletto heels.  He also liked them better with long sexy black gloves, lots of makeup and garter belts and black hose.  Oh, and with big, nicely styled, teased hair and ribbon chokers, had to hide that those slight scars from where he’d shaved down the Adam’s apple.  But most important, the one non-negotiable, was to appear pregnant, the big, bulging baby filled belly, the bloated and milk filled tits of a beautiful, young mother-to be in her 7th or 8th month.  Opp’s, he smiled to himself, forgot stupid; he definitely liked his girls to fit the dumb bimbo model.  He’d given everyone of them a single type written sheet with their whole new vocabulary, 25 sentences, the only things that they were allowed to say, nothing else; ever.

Take Amber for instance, his latest and so far his best.  He’d gave her nice big tits to go with her big baby belly, a new nose, pumped her lips up to cock sucking perfection, raised her cheekbones and done some eye work.  Hours of painful electrolysis had removed all the nasty head, facial and body hair leaving Amber with her eyelashes and perfectly arched eyebrows. All in all, he’d transformed the boy’s face into one that a thirty something Vegas showgirl would have killed for.

As for her voice, he’d shaved the Adam’s apple and tightened her vocal cords and to control how she used that new alto voice He’d given her ‘The List’; 25 sentences that would constitute her whole new vocabulary and told Amber in no uncertain terms that the first time she deviated from it he’d remove her voice box.  He’d already pulled all her teeth and replaced them with dentures for a pretty, perfect smile and wonderful teeth free blowjobs, so he assured her, if you think I won’t you will found out I will. “After all”, he told her, “You don’t need a voice to suck cock, do you?” He’d also carefully explained that the at the first sign of any physical resistance or failure to be a happy, smiling fuck toy, not only would he render her mute but would also replace the bright blue eyes with identical glass ones and cut the tendons in her hands and arms.
 
Amber believed that he would render her mute, blind and helpless in a second if she gave him even the slightest reason.  Even more, she was terrified he would do it anyway. Amber checked her appearance in the large steel mirror bolted to the wall, makeup, wig, and dress, all presentable.  She’d already made the double bed, the only real furniture in her 12 foot square room.  The bed was not a concession to her comfort, Amber knew that, it was for him when he came to fuck her, but still, it was nice and she didn’t want him to take it away from her.  Once she’d worn a runny pair of nylons and he’d taken the bed’s comforter, sheets, and pillows plus all her clothes, lingerie, shoes, makeup and wig for god knew how long, leaving her shivering and naked in the cold sub-basement cell.

Amber had learned by painful trial and error what pleased him brought rewards, nicer food, a new dress, once even a small portable TV set with a built in DVD player.  The DVD was a porno one, she-male bondage, but it broke the monotony of being locked in a tiny room 24 hours a day.  She’d lost the TV when some of his cum leaked from her lips onto her dress, staining it. The thought of his cum made Amber’s cock stir under her dress.  When she’d first began her conversion from, oh god she couldn’t remember what her boy name was, no matter, she’d hated sucking his cock, hated swallowing his sperm, hated having him in her ass, hated even more having to lick his cock clean afterwards.  At first, when she still dreamed of escape, of freedom, Amber had despised making girl sounds while sucking and being fucked. But above all Amber had hated what he’d done to her body, hated the swollen belly, and hated the large breasts that made her back hurt and being forced to paint her new pretty female face like a whore, his whore. But now she was desperate for any attention he gave her. Now Amber, pretty, pregnant, stupid, Amber waited and smiled and prayed for his cock, the taste of his cum and the feel of him inside her.

The room was cold, silent, no outside sound or sight disturbed complete isolation of her room. Walking the few steps to the far wall, Amber hiked her dress up and held her baby belly the way he liked, the way real mothers-to-be held themselves.  The more Amber acted like she was really pregnant, really had his baby inside her, the better he like it, the better he liked her.  Amber could feel her cock stirring, soon she’d start to masturbate, that was allowed, she had to put a rubber on, and then she’d drink the thick, white, warm sperm that would gush out of her 18 year old cock, but that was a small price to pay for being allowed to milk her cock, to make herself feel really good.  Rubbing the distended belly with her silky, gloved hands felt nice too, soon she’d let one hand drift down to her panty covered cock, that would be good.  Looking at her reflection, Amber smiled to herself; she really did look like an actual girl. If she perfected her lady like façade, became so convincing that everyone would believe she was in reality was what she seemed to be, well maybe someday he’d take her out, maybe to dinner or a movie on a real date.  She could pretend to be his pregnant girlfriend; no one would have to know about her boy thing.  He could fuck her in the car or maybe a motel room.  That would be so nice, she’d be good, she’d stick to her vocabulary, smile her vacant, happy, stupid smile and be her darlings perfect fuck toy.  Maybe he’d even marry her, give her baby a father and fuck her every night.  Amber knew she could be a good wife, a perfect penis holster for her darling, an always knocked up whore for him to use any time, any way, he wanted.

Thinking these thoughts caused Amber’s cock to demand her full attention.  Going to the small cardboard box that held all of Amber’s worldly possessions, she removed a foil wrapped condom and freeing her stiff boy clit from her black satin panties used her gloved hand to roll the clinging latex over the now wet head.  Amber was oh so careful doing this so that no trace of pre-cum stained her gloves or dress, that was a big no-no and the he would have to punish her and Amber did not want to be punished. Once Ambers cock head was sheathed in its rubber coat, her other hand, almost automatically, went two her shaved balls and began to gently squeeze her cum filled orbs.  As the rubber reached the base of her straining shaft, Amber began to stoke her prick, moaning and watching her reflection, a vision of a beautiful she-male mother-to be, pregnant belly bulging, milk filled breasts bouncing in the black lace bra cups as she stroked her now rock hard cock with long, sexy gloved fingers.  Amber’s world narrowed as pleasure washed over her, the painful pressure of her satin fingers kneading her over full balls overwhelming her.  Amber felt the orgasm build and build; the pressure unbearable until, at last, her she felt her hardness explode as jet after jet of boy juice filled the rubber almost to overflowing.  Amber carefully pulled the condom off her now softening cock, again careful not to soil dress, gloves or panties with her nasty boy juice.  Holding the used rubber up to her red lips, Amber let her tongue enter the sperm filled sheath and began to suck her hot, sticky cum greedily, letting her tongue replace her cock in the rubber as the wonderful taste on sperm caused her to moan in pure pleasure.  The taste of cum filled her mouth as she watched the she-male in the mirror straighten her dress, covering her big belly, pulling her long, elegant gloves up, smoothing them to perfection and so no external indication of anything but a beautiful, completely female mother to be betrayed the vision.  Certainly no sign of a used rubber hidden behind those pretty, bee stung, cherry red lips.

Tonight was special, it had to be. He’d never given her an outfit this beautiful, this elegant, so it had to be for a very special occasion. Amber stood quietly, passively, carefully holding her baby filled belly with one satin gloved hand and her black satin evening clutch in the other. Amber’s heart was pounding as she tried to look as attractive and desirable as possible.  He’d be down soon and now that the swelling and bruises form her last round of facial surgery had healed, he might let her out. After all, no one could possibly ever recognize her as the missing 17 year old runaway boy who’d disappeared; he was gone, replaced completely by Amber.  Yes tonight had to be special, after all why would he give her a beautiful, sophisticated, gown like this if he didn’t have a wonderful night planned? She checked her appearance in the steel mirror for the hundredth time, her wig was a huge, teased platinum blonde up-do and the gown was of clinging floor length black velvet.  Against the chill of the room he’d given her an ivory satin evening coat and just loads of expensive jewelry.  He just had to take her our tonight, she looked so special that hew would just have to, didn’t he?  Amber looked again into the steel mirror, any trace of the part time male prostitute who’d stupidly climbed into the Cadillac SUV god knows how long ago was gone, like he’d never existed.  No matter how hard Amber tried she couldn’t picture herself as a boy, didn’t want to, thoughts like that only made him mad and his anger had painful consequences, very, very painful ones.   Amber had learned to be passive, pretty and most important, utterly obedient.  A perfectly docile mother-to-be, dressed to please, made up to appear as a chic and gorgeous woman but in reality a mindless, helpless she-male fuck toy.

Hearing the key in the lock to the steel door, Amber quickly painted her face with a what she hoped was a cool, sexy welcoming smile, the look a beautifully gowned, stylish lady would have just for her man.  Her vocabulary raced thru her mind, no slip ups, only the allowed 25 sentences.  She could hear the bar being lifted, another quick glance in the mirror, she let her coat fall open to better show off her belly and large, firm milk filled breasts, then the door swung open. “Please God” Amber prayed silently, “Let him like me; let him love me, please?”

Looks could be so deceiving Amber thought; he looked like an older, slightly pudgy man, his conservative suit cut to hide his power, to allow no hint of the strength, the martial arts skills, that could bring such unbearable pain with such unbelievable quickness.  “Good Evening Darling, I hope I please you, Sweetheart?” Sentences 4 and 9 delivered on cue, in a properly soft, submissive, soothing voice, the voice of a timid young woman greeting her older lover. He said nothing but walked over the where Amber stood waiting and began his inspection.  As he fondled her milk swollen breasts and her heavy baby belly she allowed herself a soft moan of pleasure, not one the 25 allowed, but she’d learned that he liked it and anything he liked Amber made sure she did, regularly.

Even in her 5 inch pencil thin heels, he was taller then Amber; “And how is the baby tonight Amber, about ready to drop are we?”   It was a little game he played; ask a question that he knew none of the 25 could answer.  “Please, I don’t understand Darling; I’m such a stupid cunt lover.” 22 and 5 were perfect answers.  Amber closed her eyes and offered herself to be kissed and tried her best to look exactly like she was; a perfectly obedient, very pregnant, utterly helpless trophy.

The powerful open handed blow to the side of her head caused stars to explode before her blue doe eyes as Amber wobbled wildly on her stiletto heels, trying desperately to keep her balance as her clutch flew from her black satin gloved hand.

Through the haze of pain, the room reeling, Amber tried to understand what she’d done to upset him, how she’d failed to please.  “Please Darling, I’m so sorry. Please don’t hurt my baby, please darling I’m so sorry”. 1 and 2 came out over and over in wild sobs as the blows fell. “Get your worthless cunt out of those clothes you stupid worthless whore.  Everything slut, every mother fucking stitch, every last god damn thing whore;” He screamed. Amber tried, pulling the wonderful white satin coat off, then long wonderful gloves, begging him not to hurt her baby, telling how stupid she was. As she handed over her black lace nursing bra she offered number 8 “Please daring, fuck me” to no avail. He even demanded her dentures and the tampon from her ass.  At last Amber lay sobbing and naked and shivering on the floor of the room mindlessly, helplessly repeating 1 and 2 over and over, the bare bed behind her. Outside the door he smiled, he liked them stupid, barefoot, submissive, pregnant and guessing.  In the bare 12x12 room, Amber shivered, hugged her big belly and hoped he would forgive her.  After awhile, her head pounding from the beating, her body sore from the blows, Amber 9 reached for the cardboard box, inserted a new tampon in her boy cunt then unwrapped a condom and with a lonely moan of desperation, began to masturbate.

Amber woke, shriving from cold, every muscle in her body aching.  She needed to pee but instead went to her box, removed her makeup bag and carefully redid her bruised and tear stained face.  Try as she could, she didn’t understand why she’d been punish, how she’d displeased him.  Standing there, she looked at the reflection of the bald boy-girl.  She didn’t know, Amber decided, because she was stupid to know, too stupid to even be a fuck toy.  Amber felt close to tears again and instead busied herself straightening up the room.  Finally, her bladder bursting, Amber retrieved the gallon milk jug from under the bed and noted sadly that it was almost full. Still the 8 ounces or so of room allowed her to relive some of the pressure on her overfull bladder.  Amber was glad she didn’t have to poop so the cat box stayed under the bed and her tampon stayed in her boy pussy.

God she was cold, but she did her morning workout and that helped a little and the soreness seemed a little less.  The lack of food and water was no surprise, she’d been bad and bad girls don’t get fed.  Looking in her box she was dismayed to see that the condom box was empty.
The hours drug by, Amber would curl up in a ball, sleep till her shivering woke her, fix make her makeup, try to do her workout, and wait for him to return.  God, she needed to pee so badly.  The fourth time she woke, it was to the smell of urine and the cold wetness of the mattress. Amber began to sob, went to the far corner of the room and crouched repeating over and over “Please Darling, I’m so sorry.”

Amber tried to sleep, her stomach was so empty, she’d hadn’t had any more ‘accidents’, she’d use her liter box instead even though she knew it was against the rules.  Her fear of punishment had faded to all consuming panic that he intended to leave her alone in the room forever.  Didn’t he know that she knew she’d been bad, that she knew she deserved punishment?   He had to return, even if that return brought pain it was better then this, this nothing.

The sound of the door shutting woke Amber.  She stood, knowing that any attempt to cover her nakedness would make her punishment even worse. Amber had known that she was going to be punished the second she’d seen him standing there holding the head box.  20 pounds of wood and rough carpet that completely enclosed her head in a suffocating nightmare. But Amber knew she’d put in on herself, close the box shut and latch it because she also knew she was bad, knew she was stupid, knew she was nothing by a knocked up slut who couldn’t even have a real baby, a bed wetter, knew and accepted that she deserved to be disciplined.  He held the box out and wordlessly she took it and opened the hinged side.  The inflatable rubber penis gag projected from the front and holding the heavy wooden box with both quaking hands Amber guided the rubber cock into her mouth and then closed the harsh wooden box around her head.  Amber’s world became utterly dark as she blindly fumbled to snap the locks closed.  The air almost instantly became foul as the rubber gag began to inflate.  Claustrophobia set in as her jaws were forced apart by the massive rubber cock that filled her mouth.  Amber began to scream, knowing that the course carpet that covered the inside of the box muted her so as not to disturb him.

The first blow from his crop was aimed at her cock.  Amber’s panicked screams turned to sobs.  The blows never came with any regularity, she wasn’t even sure if he was still in the room with her, then the crop would land again. Breasts, cock, ass, arms, belly, hands, blow after stinging blow with the heavy wooden box seemingly pressing closer and closer.  Amber collapsed onto the floor, her hands trying to shield her baby filled belly and her cock from the crops cruel sting.  Worse was the wait between the blow as she lay in a semi-fetal ball, as much of one has her belly allowed, knowing it would come but not where or when. She wanted to beg him to stop, knew she would promise anything, do anything to have the whipping stop and the head box removed.  The blows continued, her legs, her thighs, her, back, her breasts, her arms until at last with a sob, Amber felt the darkness enfold her in welcome unconsciousness.

Amber woke alone on the floor, the head box gone.  Looking in the mirror, Amber was appalled; she was a mass of welts and bruises. Her box was empty, the mattress to the bed gone, only the metal springs remained, but on the upside, she had a new potty bottle, her kitty box was clean and there was a half gallon bottle of water.  Amber drank greedily then after a while she was able to pee very little into her milk jug.  She finished the water and tried to straighten the room.  After what she guessed was an hour the door opened and Amber tried to smile, tried to look pretty as she could, as submissive as she could, wanted to beg him to forgive her of whatever it was she’d done.  He glared and announced “Don’t say a fucking word bitch.  He had a rolling cart behind him with several boxes and garment bags stacked on it.  Pushing the cart into the room her closed and locked the door.

Opening the first box he threw a pair of black latex panties to Amber and commanded, “Well cunt, put them on.”  Amber picked up the rubber briefs and looked at them, there was a large butt plug molded into them, that was straight forward enough, the first unknown was a sheath to hold her boy clit back between her legs. The second was both the penis sheath and the butt plug had long rubber hoses hanging down from the outside, six feet long at least.  Well what they were for wasn’t her worry Amber reflected and began to pull the clinging black rubber panties on over her black and blue legs. Working the un-lubed plug into her ass was painful and the sheath clamped painfully down on Ambers cock and balls as she struggled to force her testacies back up into her body cavity, the only way she could see to make the panties fit right.  Scared she might tear them, Amber pulled, pushed, and at the cost of no little pain and some tears at last had the clinging black latex panties on what she hoped was the right way, the way that would please him.

“Turn around” he demanded and Amber meekly did as she was told.  He grabbed her right arm and pulled it behind her.  Amber felt the cool clinging latex engulf her slender arm and then he jerked her left arm back to join it.  The pressure on her distended baby filled belly and gigantic milk filled tits was almost unbearable as Ambers arms were forced into the reverse prayer position by the rubber arm binder.   As soon as the arm binder was tightly strapped in place he roughly shoved Amber to her knees.  As this was usually the prelude to sucking cock Amber dutifully opened her mouth in the ‘o’ shape and was surprised when a black rubber cock entered her mouth instead.  The gag was hollow and seemed to be built in to a hood of some type.  He experienced no little difficulty in stretching the rubber wide enough to pull the molded latex helmet over Amber’s battered face.  The mask fit so tightly that Amber found that her jaws were forced down tightly on the hard rubber cock.  Nose plugs fit tightly into her nostrils making an air tight seal.  This did not seem to be a problem as the gag allowed Amber to easily obtain oxygen through the hollow penis and its attached hose.  The only problem was swallowing the drool caused by the hard rubber invader.  The mask covered all of Amber’s face save for her eyes and the neck was made of thick, rigid rubber, forcing Ambers head to stay stiffly upright.  Her ears were filled with hard rubber ear buds that were fitted with a noise canceling device.  The thin, all but invisible cord hung down the back.  He stepped behind her and she felt him doing something with the top of the arm binder. White noise blasted into Amber head.  He stepped in front of her and said something, but between the hisses filling in her head, the tight rubber hood and the noise canceling circuit it was like watching a movie with no sound.  Amber was jerked back to her feet and could again see her refection in the steel mirror.  Her face was covered in featureless mask of slick black shiny rubber; save for her big blue eyes.  The odd part was the long black rubber hose that hung down from where the hidden gag that the mask painfully sealed in her toothless mouth.

Amber watched as he unboxed a rubber suit of some type.  Unlike the previous items, this one was skinned toned.  Taking a bottle, Amber was liberally coated from the neck down in a cold slick jell. Slowly and carefully he worked Amber’s feet into the suits, each toe being fitted into a matching covering of clinging rubber.  The rubber was thin but very strong and Amber watched in amazement and fear as her legs went from black and blue to indistinguishable from unblemished, perfectly normal looking legs.

He took his time, working the rubber up slowly, making sure that no air bubbles marred the effect of Amber’s new latex skin.  As he pulled and straightened the clinging latex over her knees, Amber marveled at the painstaking care that had gone into crafting the rubber doll skin, for that was what she was being dressed in.   Amber wanted to beg him not to do this, but of course, none of the 25 allowed sentence’s applied.  He continued working the oh so tight rubber up her legs, carefully wiping off any excess jell that might ooze out and stroking her new soft, slick flawless skin.

As the body suit approached her crotch, Amber watched as he took the long tubes from her prick and ass and ran them up her side to her right armpit and taped them in place.  Seconds later the tube from her gag joined the other two.  Now he worked the body suit on up.  The black latex panties disappeared under a perfectly life like girl pussy, complete with a cute trimmed bush and full, puffy full cunt lips.  Every trace of Amber’s cock disappeared under the false skin.  Getting the suit perfectly adjusted so that her new silicon bubble butt and false pussy mound were positioned exactly right allowed him plenty of opportunity to press hard against Amber’s hidden cock and jiggle the butt plug, painful reminders of her hidden boy parts.

Pulling the body suit up over Amber’s bruised swollen belly also took time, but soon any trace of the savage beating she’d endured was perfectly hidden by the flesh toned rubber.  Her new ‘outie’ belly button looked so cute and he was almost tender as he stroked her swollen belly, smoothing the rubber skin to undetectable perfection.

Now he turned his attention to her huge stripper tits. Before he covered her massive 44DDD tits with the pseudo skin, he fastened small screw type nipple clamps to her already painfully sore nipples.  Amber screamed into her gag as he tightened the clamps.  Since her kept her lactating constantly Amber knew that the pain of the clamps would soon be replaced by the ache of needing to be milked as her huge showgirl boobs filled.  Only after her nipples were clamped so that not even a tiny bit of the thick, sweet milk escaped did he pull the suit false latex tits up over her own. The hoods jaw claming tightness muffled the painful shrieks to all but inaudible moans as pink, always erect nipples of lifelike latex covered her tightly clamped ones.  The new nipples were lifelike in every respect, even leaking her rich breast milk from a hidden reservoir.  The new rubber breast flesh clamped tight around her already overfull tits like massive rubber bands, the agonizing breast bondage perfectly masked by the outward appearance of her own unbound lactating mounds.

Once he’d taken care of giving Amber new, pretty, unblemished tits, he took the rubber tubes and fed them through the suits built in arms so that the last 6 inches dangled from the palm of a normal seeming but utterly useless right doll hand. However, except for those last six inches the rubber tubes seemed to have disappeared into the high tight neck of skin toned bodysuit. A neck that also hid perfectly the black rubber of the tight discipline helmets posture collar.  He pulled and shoved Amber roughly as he worked upper torso into the rubber skin and the pulled the back seam closed.  It took, what seemed to the helplessly bound Amber, forever.  He pulling the back seam closed, inch by inch crushing Amber in an ever tighter and ever more painful latex prison.  Like a fully body corset, invisible, undetectable the rubber body suit forced her body to conform to his chosen form. Inch by inch he worked his way up from her waist, and with every gain Amber felt the body suit constrict, painfully forcing her hidden, bruised body back into her original measurements.  As he finally sealed the neck, Amber felt the tremendous pressure of the clinging rubber covering every inch of her body, boobs, belly, and legs.

The suit pressed the thick rubber arm binder that forced her arms cruelly flat against her upper back, making them all but disappear as did the black latex straps secured the mono-glove. The suit built in shoulder harness held the new, fully articulated, doll arms naturally buy her side. Amber looked at herself in the mirror, all covered from her neck down by a perfect new skin of flesh toned latex.

Between the tightly strapped arm binder the discipline helmet’s ultra thick stiff posture collar and the tightness and pressure of the rubber doll suit, Amber found that once the back was completely sealed, her upper body was all but immobile, held prisoner in a crushing latex cocoon.  With the suits built in doll arms in place, from the neck down she looked absolutely normal. Amber marveled at the painful illusion that he had created.  Long perfectly manicured bright red nails graced her new fingers, nails that matched her pretty, painted toes perfectly.  Her breasts were exactly like the massive, 44DDD gravity defying mounds he’d forced on her and the pert, erect nipples gave no hint of the cruel clamps on her real, carefully hidden, tightly and painfully bound, breasts.  The pussy between her legs looked moist and just begged for a cock, a though that would have brought a smile to Amber gagged lips had she been capable of even the slightest expression, it already had a cock, hers, crushed into a agonizingly tight latex sheath, and forced back to form the mound for pseudo-cunt who’s lie was undetectably perfect. Amber’s big, baby filled belly proudly protruded, another lie, the one of being an expecting mother-to-be, the most beautiful feminine state possible.

Incapable of any resistance, the bound and gagged rubber encased she-male watched as he fitted a black satin lace trimmed garter belt just under the swollen mound of her pregnant tummy.  The 4 garter straps dangled seductively as he her tugged the back tight and hooked it closed.  Pulling the long, thigh his black seamed hose on and fastening the garter clips  so that her already rubber covered legs were in turn misted with the silky sheer illusion of a beautiful woman dressed to please her man, dressed for sex.  Making sure the hose were taunt and wrinkle free took another 5 minutes but at last he was satisfied.

Now he fitted Ambers large, 44DDD milk filled tits into the softly padded satin cups of the matching nursing bra.  As he hooked the back closed the silky soft cups pressed the rubber breast flesh and by extension the cruelly clamped nipples hidden by the illusion of beautiful, normal, un-tortured tits.  As he jerked the cups this way and that to make sure the bra’s fit was perfect, Amber screamed in pain into her gag, a gag that betrayed her screams of pain by turning them to moans of desire.

At last the fit of the black lacy bra pleased him and he turned his attention to her feet.  The shoes were black satin pumps with six inch pencil thin metallic gold heels and thin ankle straps that buckled tightly around her nylon covered rubber ankles.  These heels were a good inch higher then any Amber had ever been forced to wear before and now not having the use of her arms wobbled unsteadily as he worked to tighten the slender straps that made it impossible of Amber to remove the ultra sexy, ultra high heels.  Amber was terrified that she would fall; she knew that if she did, she would be unable to break her fall in the least if she fell forward. If she fell back Amber knew that with her arms bound in the reverse prayer position she would be lucky if she only broke her arms.  At last he stood as Amber wobbled and mewed into gag, her fear wonderfully evident in her big doe like eyes.

He held up the black satin g-string panties and savored the look of horror in Amber’s eyes.  Amber knew that he’s lift a foot so that she could step into the wispy panties, forcing her to balance on one stiletto heeled foot.  Amber wanted to shake her head no, but of course, that was impossible, she couldn’t move her head in the least, so tight was the grip of the latex rubber that covered her head, neck and shoulders. He knelt and waited, Amber wanted to lift her foot, tried, but couldn’t overcome her fear.  He sighed and stood.

The open handed slap caused stars to explode before her eyes as Amber staggered back wildly on her slender skyscraper heels, her useless doll arms stiffly hanging, useless by her sides.  Amber screamed into her gag in pain as her bound arms crashed into the wall.  He looked at her and commanded “Back here bitch or are you the kind of slut who doesn’t cover her pussy up?”  Unable to hear Amber, struggled to stay upright as he advanced and roughly pulled her back to the cart.  This time when he knelt, Amber wobbled and raised her left foot, then as soon as he had the string up, lowered it and raised the right.  He pulled the tiny panties up to her faux pussy and adjusted them until he was content with the effect.  Once he’d finished he shoved her over to the mirror.  Nursing bra, g-string panties, garter belt, black seamed nylons and ultra high fuck me heels all in sexy black satin, lace, silk and patent leather.  Only two discordant notes destroyed the illusion of a beautiful mother to be.  First and foremost was the ultra tight black discipline helmet that covered Amber’s head, mouth and nose in shiny molded rubber.  Not as noticeable but just as incongruous were the three rubber hoses that seemed to protrude from the center of what seemed to be Amber’s unbound hand.

He rolled the cart over to where Amber stood and began to paint some type of sprit gum adhesive around her eyes and lids.  Once done he waited for the glue to become tacky while he busied himself pulling the laces on some item in a box on the cart.

Amber began screaming as he pulled the clinging rubber mask over her already latex encased face.  He, of course, ignored her gagged protests as a perfect duplicate of her face covered the harsh punishment hood under the façade of a deliciously pretty young woman, heavily, but tastefully made up for a wonderful gala evening.  Once her eyelids were glued to their counterpoints on the mask, he began to lace this second but undetectable layer of bondage closed.  Amber tried to blink and found that the mask held her eyes wide open as he pulled the mask tighter and tighter.  Soon the pressure of the mask constricted to the point that Amber forgot about the pain of the nipple clamps, forgot the painful pressure of needing to be milked, forgot the cramping due to the imposable arch her poor aching feet were forced to assume, and even forgot the awful pressure of her latex chastity harness.

As he worked the laces tighter and tighter, lights began to flash before Ambers pretty blue eyes.  The mask was perfectly lifelike with every detail of her reconstructed face reproduced in unbelievable detail.  Long, dark, lush false eyelashes, pouting red lips and the blushing glow that only very pregnant women have made the face in the mirror a perfect counterpoint to the lush, ripe body and sexy lingerie.  The tiny, slightly haughty, self satisfied smile on the ruby red latex lips hid every trace of the tightly gagged mouth beneath, while the creamy skin gave no hint of the black rubber underneath.  As the mask constricted ever tighter, Amber gasped for breath through the long, now cleverly hidden breathing tube.  Even with two layers of painfully tight rubber covering her ears, Amber thought she could hear the hiss as she sucked desperately for air.  While he continued tightening her new, perfect rubber face, Amber tried to calm her self, finding that she could breathe a little easer if she tried to hold her growing panic in check.  Still tighter the mask became; a crushing power that stripped Amber of what little personality she retained.  The rubber mask became her face and she became the doll that the beautiful face symbolized, a mindless, silent fuck toy for others to use, for others to enjoy.   Her big baby belly, huge breasts and bubble butt made her even more obscenely female, even more helpless, a sex object for real people to use or abuse as they saw fit.

At long last, he tied off the leather thongs in a hard knot, then took a sponge from the cart and dipped it in water and soaked the leather strips.  Amber wondered idly through the haze of pain that engulfed her why he would do such a silly thing.  Once the thongs were thoroughly soaked, he painted the bald dome of Amber’s new head with the same adhesive he’d used on her eyes.  The platinum blonde wig was already styled in an enormous teased up do of wave over bangs and show girl curls, complete even to the point of having the decorative gold hair pins in place.  The huge wig would make her almost as tall as he was.  He carefully centered the heavy wig and pressing it down glued the hairpiece over the laces. Once the wig was in place; the tiny seam where wig overlapped the mask was erased by liquid latex of exactly the same skin tone as the mask. The seam would have been undetectable anyway Amber though, the wigs deep bangs came down to the long lush show girl lashes.  Amber watched as the laces disappeared and a perfect Amber doll was created. Perfect except for those three black hoses hanging from her hand, that was.

Gazing at the reflection, her eyes literately glued to the image in the mirror, Amber watched as he painted the inside of a velvet covered latex choker with glue and placed it around her throat, covering not the scar from her surgery but the tiny seam where her face joined her body.  The jeweled broach on the ribbon was a small diamond studded heart with tiny script letters of gold wire inside. “Cunt”.  Amber read the word and wanted to beg him to remove it, not to make her wear such a demeaning item, not where everyone would see it.  The tiny, tasteful design guaranteed attention.

The clothes started with rich black velvet sleeveless floor length maternity evening gown that molded itself over her belly and boobs, hiding all but a hint of the obscenely high heels and save for the tiny gold script at her throat, making Amber into the appearance of a very pregnant, very elegantly dressed woman ready for a formal evening, perhaps a New Years eve party or a night at the opera.  The keyhole neckline of the gown was low cut and displayed an impressive amount of cleavage.  Not cut so low so much as to be trashy or to allow her nursing bra to show but exactly the amount that a woman proud of her huge tits would show off, the kind of woman who was a Bill Ward drawing brought to life. What no one could see was that under the clinging velvet gown was a rubber under-dress of heavy black latex rubber that molded itself from her waist down in a shiny rubber tube that pressed her legs tightly together, so tightly that any step of more then a couple of inches was impossible. Getting the already helpless Amber into her even more restrictive apparel took a lot of pulling and pushing. But at last he has happy with the way Amber’s gown hung on her lush pregnant body and that no trace of the rubber hobble skirt marred the elegant drape of the sophisticated black velvet gown.

Oddly, Amber’s eyes were drawn not to her magnificently gowned body but to the rubber hoses hanging from her hand, they were so out of place, so ruined the effect of her sleek gown.  As if he was reading her mind, he pulled the long satin black opera length glove up over the inch long red nails of her slender, feminine left arm, her fake, useless, doll arm.  Her right arm required a little more effort; the three rubber tubes were threaded through a matching, invisible hole in the center of the gloves palm and only then did her pull the glove on up Amber’s dolly arm till it was almost to her shoulder. Against the black satin of the gloves the shiny black rubber tubes all but disappeared.

He pulled the doll arms through the elbow length sleeves of the glossy floor length ivory satin evening coat, turning Amber into the picture of pregnant elegance.  Long, dangling, expensive, diamond drop earrings and a long matching chain rope necklace returned Amber to exactly the way she been before she’d been bad.  Amber’s gown, Amber’s hair, Ambers face, Amber’s beautiful full belly, all again perfect and unspoiled.  Just three nasty rubber hoses, barely discernible, in her right hand stopped Amber from once again being the perfect girl.

Taking the right hand, he carefully fitted a gold and diamond cocktail ring onto Amber’s satin gloved finger.  The discordant note was the thin black wire that hung from the back of the ring. He then fastened an inch wide gold bracelet around her useless wrist.  The contrast with the black satin was breathtaking.  With the left hand he placed a slender, almost delicate slave bracelet, sparkling with diamonds, which went on wrist and Amber’s middle finger.  The three fine gold chains that ran between the ring on her finger and the bracelet glittered against the black satin of the long glove. The slave ring made one other thing inescapable. No wedding set was covered by the tight black satin.  After all, Amber wasn’t a wife, Amber was a plaything, something designed to make men’s cocks hard and then to milk those cocks of the hot cum their big hairy balls held, milk them so that she could be even more obscenely female by having their baby in her.

He held the slender black satin clutch up were Amber could see it.  He opened it, the interior was lined with black latex rubber and the two pearl snaps hid a one way valves, the type fitted on gas masks, air could come in but not out.  The top also featured three fittings where the hoses could be fed into the interior of the bag.  Amber watched as he raised her faux right arm and fed the hoses into the open elegant clutch purse and then took thin black wire from the back of the cocktail ring and firmly attached the purse to the gloved hand by first closing the doll fingers then tying the thumb and ring finger tightly together with the satin purse in between.  Snapping clutch closed, he returned her arm to her side.  Amber sucked wildly on her gag to restart the flow of air as he positioned her left hand lovingly on her pregnant abdomen, the gold and diamonds of the slave bracelet drawing attention to her very full belly. No trace of the panic Amber felt was betrayed by the woman in the mirror.  The platinum blonde beauty stood in her gorgeous velvet and satin maternity gown, quietly and expectantly waiting for whatever the evening had in store contentedly resting one satin gloved hand on her huge, swollen tummy while the other held her small chic purse carelessly at her side.

Behind her he opened a 2 letter bottle of water and a box marked liquid Ex-Lax.  He dumped the entire contents of the powerful laxative into the water bottle and then he shook the bottle well to combine them.  Pouring the water bottle into a large plastic cup, he picked up a kitchen baster from the cart and filled it with 3 ounces of the mixture.

Amber jerked in horror as he squirted the mixture into the valve concealed by the second pearl on the innocent seeming black satin clutch.  Inside the rubber lined purse, Ambers breathing tube was instantly covered, underwater so to speak.  Amber sucked on the rubber cock in her mouth, desperately drawing the Ex-Lax and water mixture into her mouth.  As her mouth filled, Amber was faced with a choice, swallow or drown.  Amber swallowed, panic-stricken, to restore her air supply.  Every few minuets for the next half hour the procedure was repeated, he filled the baster, the baster filled the purse, and Amber swallowed another three ounces of Ex-Lax and water.  Once the mixture was consumed, Amber felt her stomach slosh, full of water, full to point of bursting it seemed.  Then she watched in disbelief as He opened a second 2 liter bottle of water and then the procedure was repeated, though sans the laxative this time. Even though she felt as if she couldn’t stand another drop, Amber found she could finish the second bottle. Of course, she really didn’t have a choice, did she?

Once the second bottle was finished, he let her look at the reflection a little longer.  Then taking a small case from the cart he opened it and showed her the oversized contact lenses.  On the outside, a beautiful sparkling blue eye, inside a jet black.  Unable to move her head, hobbled, gagged undetectably bound in layers of unyielding, constricting rubber, Amber could do nothing but stand in beautiful, silent stupidity as he brushed the blonde bangs aside temporally and fitted the contacts under the eyelids of his helpless she-male bondage mannequin.  Night descended as Amber was plunged into absolute darkness.  Worse, Amber knew that the girl in the mirror was completely unchanged; her big, blue, doe eyes still stared at the world from under a wild mane of  platinum blonde bangs and dark, thick lashes, a world that would never guess that she was anything but exactly what she appeared, a knocked up trophy slut whose big blonde hair and massive, obviously silicone filled, lactating breasts told the world “I’m a sex toy, stupid, docile, submissive and always available, even now with a bun in my oven.”.

He stepped back to enjoy the fruits of the last four hours work.  Amber stood there, her high teased blonde mane gleaming, diamonds flashing from her ears, neck, wrists and hands as the satin of her coat, gloves and purse gleamed in contrast to the rich black velvet of the long gown.  Her face was faultlessly made up and the creamy cleavage of her enormous breasts provided a perfect counterpoint to the ebony velvet gown.

He led her from the room, beautifully gowned, smiling her rich bitch smile, and completely helpless as her steps were hobbled by both the constricting, unseen latex hobble skirt under the beautiful velvet gown and the equally unseen painfully high heels.  The elegantly gloved arms were as useless as they were absolutely natural, her picture perfect face as fake as her massive baby swollen belly.  Amber hobbled next to him and sucked on the cock that filled her mouth, the only manner in which she could breathe.  Deafened by the layers of excruciatingly tight rubber, white noise blasting in her ears, blind, gagged, bound; her only touch point was the pressure on her back as she was pushed blindly out of the room in a rustle of satin, a whisper of velvet and a sexy undertone of the squeak of confining, unseen, rubber.  After a few minuets of walking, the pressure relented and unable to do anything, not knowing where she was, Amber just stood, a beautiful woman patiently waiting for her date.

Suddenly, her air was cut off and Champagne flooded her mouth.  Amber drank greedily of the ice cold wine.  Breathe, then a little then more wine filled her mouth.  He was being nice to her; she felt the effects of the wine almost at once.  Of course pregnant women shouldn’t drink but this was a special occasion.  Over the next half hour, Amber stood happily as every so often more of the bubbly cold wine went first into the clutch, then into her.

Why, Amber wondered was the pressure on her head and face becoming worse, she gotten used to the mask that made her beautiful and helped hide her bondage.  Besides he’d glued the wig over the laces, so he couldn’t tighten them, could he?  Standing there, helpless to move except with tiny hobbled steps, the pressure continued to increases, first annoying then painful.  My god, Amber thought, she’d forgotten about the laces.  He’d wet them so the leather would shrink.  She was being tortured and no one would ever guess.  The mask remained outwardly nothing other then a beautiful woman’s proud smiling face while the constricting laces forced the ear buds and gag of the concealed discipline helmet painfully deep.   Tiny mewing sounds escaped her gagged lips as the pressure, the darkness and the noise combined into a claustrophobic’s nightmare.

Standing there, trembling in her hidden hobble skirt and high spiked heels, Amber felt the pressure in her bladder build.  He’d have to take her potty some, she didn’t want to pee herself, didn’t want to ruin her pretty dress.  Under the layers of rubber Amber remembered the hoses, the three hoses; one lead from her gag to her purse, her water tight purse.  The second lead from her prick to her purse, her water tight purse.  Just as she’d had to drink the water and the delicious, cold, wine, she’d have to drink the disgusting, hot piss that would flood the purse if she lost control of her agonizingly full bladder.

Then first slight cramp hit Amber’s bowels.  The third hose Amber thought in a panic, it led from the butt plug to the purse, a butt plug that sealed her ass not shut but redirected what would be warm, ultra runny shit into the same satin clutch, the one she held by her side.  The one where she would have to suck it up her air hose into her mouth and drink both her pee and her poop or be asphyxiated.  She tried to walk, tiny mincing steps, blindly hobbling in her high heels, hoping for someone to help her as her bowels and bladder filled, cramped and the mask pressed ever tighter, muting her panicked screams into false moans of pleasure.

He sat in a comfortable chair, his pant’s unzipped stroking his large hard cock as he enjoyed the show Amber was providing.  She’d stood helpless for a good ten minuets after her last Champagne.  Now his date was tottering around, the stiletto heels showing then disappearing from under the velvet drape of her skirt, moaning her sexy little gagged sounds and bumping helpless into furniture and walls.  She did look beautiful as she made her way in tiny little steps, her purse held casually by her side in one satin gloved hand, her other hand protectively on her massive, heavy, belly.  He continued rubbing his erection as Amber, gowned in rich black velvet, her gleaming satin evening coat trailing bumped into the couch, stumbled and turned towards him.  Her face was perfect, now that the laces had constricted, the rubber was now literately a second skin.  No trace of her real arms marred the perfection of the bondage picture as Amber struggled to maintain her balance.  The swish of her satin and the squeak of her unseen latex combined with the click of her heels and the gagged moans that escaped from beneath her pretty red lips to all but drive him to release the pressure of his taunt, full balls in a flood of cum.  But not yet, so much more to see, so much more to do.

The pain from her bursting bladder and her cramping bowels was unbearable as Amber felt first her bladder and then her bowels contract.  Piss and shit flooded into the innocent looking purse held daintily by the smiling mother to be.   Unable to do anything else, Amber sucked the filth into her mouth, the vile taste and nausea all but overwhelming her.  Amber knew if she gave in and vomited she would die.  She swallowed again and again; she would just get the bag empty and get a few lungs full of air when the cramps would begin again.  Her bladder never seemed empty, Amber knew that if she let herself pee the way she needed to, she’d drown.  Besides Amber quickly learned that if she pee’d just a little as her cramping belly expelled her shit, the urine diluted the already runny stool making it far easer to suck up through the tube.

He watched as Amber stopped, then shuddered as the first release filled the satin evening clutch with the contents of her overfull bladder and bowels.  He loved it; here was a stunning woman, dressed in the height of fashion, seemingly ready for a formal event, putting on an extreme S&M show to include water sports and scat just for him and not one hint of it showed.  He knew he could take her anywhere, the bondage as undetectable as it was inescapable. The mask and bodysuit were perfectly convincing, if he covered those big staring blue eyes with sunglasses, no hint of her helplessness would betray the façade of voluptuous mother to be.  He had no doubt that Amber was totally incapable of any independent action, that he truly had reduced her to a helpless, mindless expectant marionette, a pregnant fuck puppet he could that he could abuse in any way he chose.  Amber shuddered again, her halting movements around the room becoming more panic stricken which made it just that much more exciting to him.

Finally he could contain himself no longer. Standing, with one hand still stroking his cock stepped over to where Amber was and stood before his unseeing toy as she came towards him in tiny, hobbled steps.  She could have no idea he was there, she couldn’t see him or hear him.  Her beautiful, arrogant rich whore face smile at him, her wet ruby red lips begging to be kissed.  She came closer. Her perfectly made-up face flawless and inviting: He slapped the shit out of the cunt.

The hard, open handed slap to the side of her rubber bound head caught Amber totally by surprise, in her helpless darkness, pain exploded in her face followed quickly by her breasts as he pressed as he turned his attentions to the full twin mounds.  Even the slightest blow caused her hidden nipple   clamps and milk filled udder extreme pain.  Amber staggered as the blows to her pretty rubber face and velvet covered tits continued.  As Amber tried to hobble away from the blows, she felt her stomach suddenly cramp, the worst yet, as a flood of runny poop and piss entered her purse.  Amber, beautiful, elegant, smiling, picture perfect Amber sucked desperately on the cock that gagged her as he grabbed her and pulled her helpless body to him.  Her nipples exploded in pain as he pressed her close, her full velvet clad belly making her almost as desirable as her total helplessness.  As he kissed the cherry red rubber lips he could feel Amber’s mouth hidden beneath the layers of clinging rubber sucking desperately as the frantic she-male swallowed mouthful after mouthful of her own fluid scat, scat that even as close as he was, there was no suggestion of anything other then a petite, lovely, young 30 something woman, dressed in her stunning velvet maternity evening gown and long, heavy satin coat being kissed and fondled by a man whose huge, hard cock explained exactly how she become 8 months pregnant.  The reflections in the mirrored walls proved this was wholly consensual, that the blows must not have been real.  After all, her elegantly gloved hands made no defend herself or to effort to push him away, the left simply rested fetchingly on her swollen pregnant belly; the right innocently held her black satin evening clutch innocently at her side.

He broke from the kiss as he heard the soft hiss as the one way valve let air enter the slim satin clutch as Amber filled her baby belly with the last of the disgusting waste from her purse.

He stepped back from his reeling doll; Amber remained perfect, smiling, exquisitely made up, every hair in her towering platinum up do still in place, still holding her pretty big belly with one satin gloved hand and her sexy little purse with the other.  Even her long ivory satin coat still hung from her velvet clad shoulders like a Vogue model on the runway.  He slapped her beautiful face again as she tried with tiny hobbled steps to move away from him.  As she staggered blindly around in sexy satin and velvet he couldn’t contain his pleasure any longer. He hurried to grab a rubber before his need exploded in the release he knew was coming.

Picking up the baster he smiled as he filled it from the half full rubber, it was cum that made pretty girls into pretty pregnant mothers and that was how he like them.  He shot the thick white jizz into Amber’s purse.

Amber, sucked, cum flooded her mouth, his wonderful sperm, warm, salty and proof that he loved her.  In her hot, sweaty rubber cocoon, in the pain and the dark that surrounded her, Amber smiled to herself.  Now maybe he’d take the bondage away.  Amber felt the welcome relief now that her bowels and bladder were, at last, empty.  She stood, drained, waiting for him to help her, waiting for him to love her.

Then the pressure began to build again and the horror of her situation became clear.  Everything that Amber had pee’d or pooped had been returned to her stomach, and she could feel the rumbling inside as her laxative excited system moved to expel this latest offering.

He watched Amber as she stood motionless.  He decided that she’d finally came to the realization that she was exactly the way he like them, stupid, silent, and pregnant with huge, swollen milk filled tits.  He liked them dressed in clinging gowns with high fuck me stiletto heels, long sexy gloves, lots of makeup and garter belts and black hose.  Oh, and with big, nicely styled, teased blonde showgirl hair and ribbon chokers.  He liked them just like the drawings he’d jerked off to as a boy, jerked off and dreamed of turning an unwilling and helpless male teenager into one of those bitches, making him exactly the way he wanted. You know; a beautiful bondage Barbie, just like the boy stuck in picture perfect Amber.

\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Authors after Word:  A long time ago I read a story at maskon.com about a man who is masked as a female, turned into an unwilling bride and forced to drink Champagne from his purse.  He was vastly unhappy about this and all I could think of, along with why can’t this happen to me, was “bitch, bitch, bitch, you’re lucky, it could be way, way worse.  The original story; and I recommend it highly, was a lot better then mine.

Just for the record, I have a major nervous breakdown if the TP breaks and I get a smudge of icky-poop on my fingers. This is fiction and for god’s sake: Don’t try this at home!

desireefostertv@yahoo.com
