---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiesad/chained_chair.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Chained on the Chair
authors:
- Selfbound2000
tags:
- Sbm
- cd
- toys
- cons
- X
---

**This is a TRUE account, not fiction.**

I had been itching to do a self-bondage session for a while, and was
looking for ideas over the Internet.  I had planned the session for
Tuesday, when I had nothing to do and I would be free to enjoy myself. 
I found nothing of interest over the Internet, so I had to come up with
something I either hadn't done or hadn't done in a while.

After a few days of thought I decided I would do a chair tie, which
I hadn't done to myself in a while.  I also decided I would be mostly
chained to it rather than just bound with ropes.

I gathered my gear, 2 sets of leather locking cuffs, 3 different lengths
of chain, 6 locks, my metal chair, 2 lengths of 5' rope, a length of 20'
rope, my ball gag, a nylon strap, my large butt plug and my massager. 
I set everything in the area I planned on doing my bondage, the living
room underneath an eyebolt in the ceiling.  The gear was placed on
the couch where I could access it.

Before tying myself, I had to dress the part.  I took a hot bath
and then applied my makeup.  I did it in a rather slutty fashion,
really glossy lipstick, lots of blush, and my eyes were done with a silver
eye shadow and black eyeliner.  I looked like a slut, looking for
satisfaction.  Next came my clothes.  I put on my corset, black
panties, and a pair of thigh high stockings.  I slipped into my silver
and black dress, which was about a size to small and really brought out
my breasts.  To finish I put on a pair of 3" heels and applied some
perfume.  I was set.

I set up the VCR so that I would have a long porn tape to watch, a collection
I put together that ran about 3 hours.  This would be perfect since
I only planned to be tied for about 2 hours.  I placed the remote
near my chair and then started to set up my release mechanism, the old
ice in a stocking method with my backup being keys frozen in a large container
(that would take about 6-9 hours to melt enough for me to get the keys).

I grabbed my large butt plug.  I bent over, lowered my panties,
and then after lubing the plug and my butt slid it in.  It didn't
take too long to get in, and when it did it felt absolutely wonderful! 
One day I'll get an expanding one and a vibrating one!

I sat down in the chair, and began to place myself into bondage. 
First were my ankles.  I placed one cuff around the left ankle with
one end of the longest chain, but not locked yet.  Then I did the
right ankle, passing the chain behind the rear legs of the chair to do
so.  I locked this into place.  The remaining length of chain
went back to my left ankle, where I locked it all tightly together. 
My ankles would not move much from the spot.  I took the second longest
length of chain and locked it in the middle of the ankle chain, then left
the free end under my butt for later access.

With the two 5' ropes
I tied my knees to the chair, so that they would be spread.  With
the longest rope I tied my torso to the chair, so that I could not move
from it.  I took the nylon strap and placed it around my body so that
I would have just enough room to slide my arms through.  I grabbed
the ball gag and tightened it so that I could not push it out.  I
took my massager (already plugged in ahead of time) and put it in place
- in my panties against my cock, and turned it on.  I pressed play
on the VCR to start the movies.  I placed my cuffs on my wrists, slipped
my arms through the strap, then locked my wrists to the chain behind me,
as low as I could get it so that I wouldn't be able to raise my wrists
much.  I was now bound, chained and tied to the chair, and being immensely
turned on.

I decided to test my bonds.  I struggled around in the chair, twisting
and pulling, but to no avail.  I was now helplessly bound until I
could free myself.  I was a prisoner of my own bondage; there was
no way of release.  I couldn't stand, and I could only wiggle the
chair about a half-inch at a time.  This was a good tie, I could hardly
move at all.

The massager and butt plug were doing their thing (not to mention the
movie, which was pretty hot!).  I was sitting on the plug, its size
stretching my butt hole and filling my ass.  It felt good.  The
massager kept me erect, and was driving me crazy.  The first "scene"
of the movie was really hot, and I almost came within the first 10 minutes
of bondage!  I didn't want to cum immediately, I wanted it to build
up to a massive climax.

Time passed, with me struggling against my binds and thrusting my pelvis
as much as I could.  Watching the movie really made me want to be
part of the action!  An hour had passed, and I couldn't contain my
orgasm any longer.  I thrashed in the chair, my bonds keeping me in
place, as I came, screaming into my ball gag, my body shaking all over
as the massager drained me of my cum.  It felt like it was a rather
large load, and I could feel it seep all over my panties.

The massager, movie, and butt plug would not let me relax or go limp
long.  Within minutes I was hard again, my stickiness over my cock,
being driven again and again.  How much longer did I have?  I
leaned my head backwards, and was able to see the ice.  It was not
even half melted yet!  I had at least 90 to 120 minutes left! 
Facing forward again I started to moan into my gag.  I should have
stuck to one ice cube!  With it being winter, and with me not wanting
a large heating bill, I keep the temperature just comfortable.  It
does not melt the ice very fast.

The phone rang, and my dog looked at me with a look that said "Well,
aren't you going to answer?"  I couldn't help but laugh at her expression,
and doing that almost made me gag on the ball gag! Resigned to my fate,
I continued watching the tape.  I would again test my bonds over and
over, relishing the fact I was helpless to get free and very restrictively
bound.  This got me even more hornier, and pretty soon I was building
back up to a climax.  The butt plug was really letting its presence
be known to me, and I began thrusting my pelvis again.

At about just after the 2-hour mark, I came yet again!  Again I
shook all over, moaning as loud as I could into my gag.  I felt spent,
but I could not get limp again.  I was still hard!  This is odd
for me, as my medications kill off my libido pretty much!  The massager
was getting rather warm, and my cock was starting to hurt a little. 
I needed to get free, or be able to turn this infernal gadget off! 
I couldn't unplug it; I wouldn't be able to the cord with any part of my
body.  I was now being tortured by my own self-bondage....

Finally, after 3 hours and 11 minutes, the keys dropped.  I could
free myself!  I reached behind me with my fingers, but couldn't quite
grasp them.  I wiggled the chair backwards, and almost tipped over. 
I reached again, and voila!  I got them!  I unlocked my wrists
then quickly turned off the massager and removed it.  Relief! 
I then began the process of removing the rest of the bonds.  I felt
my panties, and they were drenched.  I removed them, then licked off
and sucked out the cum.  I then undressed and took yet another hot
bath to relax my muscles.

This was one of my better self-bondages, where nothing serious went
wrong, and I was really restrictively tied.  I think I may just try
this again in the near future, with just one ice cube though!

© Copyright 2001 selfbound\_2000.  All Rights Reserved.
