---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Smart Duct Tape
authors:
- NaughtyLittleGirl
tags:
- Machine/fff
- mummification
- duct tape
- cocoon
- cons
- X
---

A young lady named Sharna who orders a new product from a magazine.
Its promoted as the worlds only smart duct tape. Its a roll which can sense
when and where its needed and apply itself to whatever is desired. However
the intelligence chip inside malfunctions when it makes a quick repair
to a damaged microwave oven. The duct tape now decides that Sharna need
repair and sets about to duct tape her until shes fixed. But Sharna isnt
prepared to go under without a fight....

**Chapter 1.**

Sharna relaxed on the couch, lying down reading a magazine, sipping
a cold ice tea as she always did on a Sunday when there was nothing to
do and nothing on telly. She wore just a t-shirt, baggy shorts and a pair
of socks. Typical drab garb for a boring Sunday.

The magazine was full of interesting stories and articles, mainly about
movie stars and celebrities always being hounded by those idiotic news
publishers and paparazzi. Sharna's mind drifted slightly to the horrific
crash which had stolen her most loved monarch, Princess Diana. Almost as
if in protest to that horrific act, she turned the page and didnt bother
to read what Meryl Streep did with Bill Cosby under the bed... Her eyes
flicked back and forth as she explored the nether regions of the magazine.
The place she liked most. The adverts. Here was where you could laugh at
all the cheap crap, and order some for an even bigger laugh. So called,
Wonder cleaning products, useful articles that didnt even have an address
in english to send to. Sharna smiled. Typical.

Turning the page, Sharna scanned the contents of this new rack of promotional
crap, mentally sorting away the ads which wouldnt even be worth reading.
Until she came across an intriguing advert. It was quite a simple one.
It just read:

From Dynamic Labs comes the latest product
in home maintenance!
Smart Duct Tape. The only roll that does
the job for you, whenever it is needed! Order now for a revolution in duct
tape repair!
Produced by Dr De'cassio.. PHD MD SRT
MIT

Sharna let out a low whistle. This guy had more letters after his name
than she had in her surname! The address was also genuine. She read it
and saw that it was just over the border in the next state! And the price
was unbelievable! Only 10 dollars! Sharna fetched her checkbook and within
minutes, her compulsive side had delivered a check and order to the mailbox
so very conveniently located on the footpath outside her very house. Sharna
always wondered if the Postal company had known if she was coming.

**Chapter 2.**

\* 4 - 6 weeks later \* Sharna pulled down the flap of her mailbox and
immediately noticed the smallish but nonetheless bulky package crammed
in the end. Extracting it from the box didnt take long and the run into
the house took even less time!

Sharna flopped down onto the couch, and tore open the package. Inside
was two items. A small paper booklet, obviously the manual/warranty and
a shrinkwrapped opaque package about twice the size of a duct tape roll.
Odd. Thought Sharna, as she rolled it over in her hands. It was surprisingly
heavy! Heavy means expensive she thought, remembering the famous line from
Jurassic Park. But first, read the manual.

To her immediate disappointment, the manual wasnt all it seemed. It
was deceptive in its content, being made of pages of thick card, it looked
as thick as a Tv guide, but only contained three pages stapled together,
with no words on the rear sides of any of the pages. Very economically
produced she thought with a wry smile. The first page was nothing but a
silhouette of a duct tape roll. The cover page. The second page was a thankyou
for buying the product. And the last, was three instructional lines. They
read:

To use the DT-E9000 remove from wrapping
and press both red studs at the 
same time until they are completely depressed.

Once activated use these commands only.
"Here" will summon the tape roll to
whatever position you are. "Fix" will
activate the roll to fix the object.
"Stop" is self explanatory. Adding "All"
to fix will order the tape to auto
fix everything in your house needing repair.

Warning! The DT-E9000 will only respond
to the first voice it hears. It
is not recommended to try this device
out and then give as a gift to a friend
as the device will not respond.

Now Sharna was intrigued. She picked up the opaque package, the heavy
opaque package. It felt bulky. Finding a leading edge, she used her long
fingernail and slit the wrapping, pulling it off the device. This was amazing
she thought. The device, was essentially a large roll of duct tape, sitting
on a little, well for want of a better word, vehicle. It was a small vehicle
that kinda resembled a tank with small tracks. This must be how it moves.
The tank vehicle, also had two small arm like claws that were currently
resting on the surface of the tank vehicle.

Sharna held the device in her hand. It wasnt that big. Only about as
long as a football. The roll of duct tape was tightly compressed. There
must be over a mile of tape on that roll she thought. Well, lets test this
thing out. Sharna found the two red studs, and pressed them hard. With
a click, they entered and Sharna could have sworn she heard a small whirring.
But in a second it was gone. The only thing that changed was a yellow light
lit up on the surface of the tank vehicle next to the inscribed letters
"Reac."

Sharna scratched her head and put the device down on the coffee table
and walked out of the room. She walked into her bedroom, stood next to
a picture frame which she had tried for weeks to repair with no success
and took a deep breath. Sharna blushed, feeling really stupid talking to
herself and called out "Here!"

Instantly she heard a high speed whirring, a thump then more whirring
as the device came toward her. It came into her room at high speed and
to her utmost amazement, actually drove up the side of the bedside chest
of drawers where the picture frame was and waited patiently on the top.
Sharna broke into peals of laughter. It was hilarious! The thing had driven
up the side of the drawers unit and waited for her.. all at her command!

Now what do i do.. Sharna thought. She picked up the picture frame and
put it next to the device (it needs a name she mused) and said "Fix!" in
a firm voice. Again instantly, the device sprang to life. Sharna stepped
back and watched in amazement. The device picked up the frame with its
tiny but undoubtably strong arms. It placed it on its front and proceeded
to reel out some tape. But instead of just slappin it on, it cut tiny threads
of it, and layered them across the split in the frame expertly, increasing
the strength ten fold. Then the device picked the frame up and turned it
onto its other side. Repeating the process, the device stopped when it
was finished.

Sharna walked up to the bedside table and picked up the frame, marvelling
at the intricacy of the repair. It was incredible. She flexed the frame,
testing it. Nothing gave. The frame, despite having some tape on it was
stronger now than when it was unbroken!

Now was the time to really put this thing through its paces. Sharna
approached the device and said "Fix All!" in a firm voice. The device whirred
into action, zipping down the side of the bedside chest of drawers and
rushing into the lounge. It slowed down and patrolled the room. For the
first time she noticed the little electronic eye mounted on the front of
the tank that the roll rode around on. It was searching for something it
was capable of repairing. In Sharna's eyes, she didnt think there was anything
this thing couldnt repair, except maybe a bridge. But then, if it used
cement tape instead of duct tape, maybe it would work.... whoa.

Suddenly the device shot off, and Sharna raced after it as it shot into
the rear junk room. By the time she arrived the device was engrossed in
repairing a childs toy boat with a broken funnel hanging off it. When it
was done it zoomed off again, leaving Sharna to pick up the toy boat. Amazing,
just amazing. The funnel was attached with more strength than before, just
like the picture frame. Sharna could hear more taping coming from the back
patio. This time she didnt follow it. She knew it was doing it all by itself
and it was pointless to watch it all the time.

**Chapter 3.**

Sharna went back into the lounge and turned on the TV. Yes! A good thing
was finally on. Independance Day, on daytime slot.. odd, but good to watch.
In the back of the house, the device was busy.

\*\*It looked around its new world. It saw only red. Shapes. Images. Lines.
It knew how to recognise broken objects by visible stress on the edges
of irregular lines on an object. This it matched with the other edge and
then applied tape in a unique method to reinforce and repair. It was powered
by its own internal reactor and it had the smartest intelligence chip ever
created. It had the unique ability of a machine, to be able to learn. And
grow. It knew how to build tools if itself was incapable of performing
a task. Its task right now: Repair the damaged, wherever they may be!\*\*

The device moved slowly around the house now, from room to room, using
its optical eye to scan and monitor everything. All that it saw was being
catalogued and filed away in its own little harddrive. It moved into the
bathroom and saw a mirror had fallen from its mounting and was resting
in the cabinet now. The device identified where the mirror had been and
formulated a repair method. It would turn some of the duct tape into a
super strong double sided applicant and affix the mirror back to the wall,
using the existing screw holes and screw plugs as a support for the mirror's
weight. The device set to work and ten minutes later it was finished.

Almost like an artist, the device rolled back slightly and scanned its
work. Checking for stress. It saw plenty of invisible stress but it was
uniform, consistent and not getting any stronger. The repairs were finished
and the device moved down the wall, and along the floor out of the bathroom.
Next on the device's path was the kitchen. You or I would imagine there
would be plenty to repair in the kitchen but the device knew this not.
It just rolled into the kitchen and scanned. Identifying two repairable
objects. The microwave heat seal and a power cord from a hand held egg
beater.

Despite their appearance, the arms on the front of the little vehicle
were incredibly strong. It picked the egg beater up around the rod shaft
emerging from the motor and pulled it, cord and all onto the floor. Now
it showed true brilliance. The device identified from its sensors the exact
wires to reconnect and in which order. It wrapped each wire individually
with a single layer of tape before wrapping all three in a double layer
of tape to ensure they wouldnt come loose again. It identified the on switch
and depressed it, awaiting the anticipated noise. The egg beater whirred
into action and stopped as soon as the device turned it off. Success logged,
onto next repair.

Microwave. The device uploaded from its own harddrive a design that
matched the microwave in front of itself. It wasnt perfect but it showed
the device how to get to the damaged area and repair it without destroying
this sensitive appliance. With effortless determination, the device went
to work repairing the old worn heat seal on the rear of the microwave.
This it repaired using the same method as it had on the picture frame.
It extracted tiny strips and made a webbing which it applied to the damaged
area before sealing with a strong piece of carefully cut duct tape. Perfection
again. The device's internal computer moved onto its next stage of repairing,
"test device". Identifying the on switch, the duct tape artist pressed
and awaited the expected noise. But what it got was far from what it expected.

As soon as the microwave whirled into action, it bombarded the poor
little device with short wave energy, leaking through the duct tape seal.
While duct tape makes a good heat seal and bonding agent, it isnt radio-
active proof and this was something the little device had not been programmed
for. Inside the device's tank like body, electrical energy was flying all
over the place being directed and redirected by the radiation. The microwave
turned off after ten seconds of activity. (a feature on newer microwaves
to stop kids just turning them on for the heck of it) However the device
was still feeling the effect of all the short wave energy. Finally as if
in dire protest, the device's internal computer shut down and the device
fell quiet.

**Chapter 4.**

From the lounge room where Sharna lay quietly watching the movie (still
in her drab garb of socks and slacks) she heard the egg beater turn on
and off, then a little bit later heard the microwave turn on and off, but
unlike the egg beater, there wasnt a whirring noise to follow, indicating
the device she bought was on the move again. Sharna's senses went on high
and she listened intently waiting for someting to happen. She turned down
the movie and watched an aerial battle involving alien ships and fighter
planes underneath a huge round alien vessel in silence while trying to
hear if her little toy was ok. She watched the humans win the day in silence
but still no sign from her device. Thoughts of if it had fallen or if it
was damaged went through her mind as she got up and began to follow where
the device had gone. She headed immediately for the kitchen since thats
where she had heard the activity last and spotted her investment lying
on its side on the counter near the microwave.

Picking the heavy tool up, she noticed that the Reac light was still
lit but it was blinking and another light next to Reboot was now lit. Sharna
put the device down on the floor, upright and walked six feet away and
called out "Here!". Nothing happened. There was no point referring to the
ridiculously short manual, so she picked the device up in her hands and
did the only sensible thing. Pressed the two red studs in again.

\*\*The computer core activated upon recieving fresh energy from the reactor
and initiated its boot up sequence:
Check arms........ ok
Check motion......... ok
Check reac......... ok
Check memory........ ok
Check primes........ FAIL FAIL FAIL
In response to this, the computer activated fail safe and loaded a
new set if primes.. known to us as prime directives. Rules the computer
must NOT ever break. But this time one was missing. This is what the computer
found.

1. Shut down in case of failure.
2. >>> DELETED <<<
3. Dormant mode upon completion of task.

The computer accepted this, being logical as it was, and completed boot-up
going into ready mode. But for all who want to know, the directive missing
was:

2. Organic life is not repairable.

The device now awaited its master's command.\*\*

Sharna walked away from the device, and called out over her shoulder
"Fix All!" getting the device back onto track, hearing it whizz off in
the opposite direction. She was pleased with herself, thinking how smart
she was to have fixed such a complicated device! She sat down on the couch
and turned the volume up just in time to see Will Smith say to his fictional
son "Didnt I promise you fireworks?" before the movie ended with some excellent
music. For some reason, Sharna felt as if she was being watched suddenly..
and turned around to see that the device was positioned in the door way
that lead from her room to the lounge room. She could hear it whirring
away, scanning the room.

\*\*The device's scanner recorded only one repairable object. A large
heavily damaged object about 170 centimetres tall. It was covered with
stress lines and stress areas, inherrant to movement which it knew lead
to damage, wear and tear. The solution. prevent the movement, equalize
the stress and permanently seal all stress areas. It decided the repair
method best suited was a complete cast all around the object since it detected
no singular moving parts or power output throughout the device.\*\*

**Chapter 5.**

Sharna raised one eyebrow as the device moved directly towards her busily
playing with its duct tape roll, reeling out a length. It moved right up
to her socked foot and planted the end of the duct tape on her sock near
her toes. At first Sharna thought this was odd but when the device took
off and ran around her at high speed, binding her feet together, she screamed
and fell over. The device was pulled off its course and fell on its side.
No problem, it just used one arm to lever itself up but now the repair
target had changed shape. It was long and flat now with several largish
bumps. Not tall anymore. This meant a new repair method. Using its arms,
it severed the length of tape from its roll and backed off to scan for
a new method of repair.

Sharna freaked out meanwhile. Having fallen over and had her socked
feet taped together tightly, she was scared now. Sharna tried to stand
up but it was too difficult, managing only to fall down again. She gave
up and did a sort of feet tied together on her hands and knees crawl/hop
to her room and slammed the door, sitting up against it to bar entrance.
Breathing heavily and shaking, Sharna found the stray edge of the tape
and began to unwind it from her feet. Luckily she had her socks on so the
tape failed to affix tightly. But she was amazed at how much tape was on
there in such a short time of wrapping.

Sharna peeled off about four metres of tape and scrunched it into a
tight ball, throwing it into the corner. She waited, thinking about why
on Earth her device had attacked her. All Sharna could imagine is that
the device must have been damaged somehow and by starting it up again,
she made it worse. She had to find a way to stop it. In case it tried to
attack her again. Although Sharna did have to admit, being wrapped tightly
around her feet had been somewhat nice on after thought.

But her resolve was made. If anybody was going to put duct tape on her,
it was going to be herself. Not some pint sized machine with an attitude
problem. Sharna decided it was time for a nap now, try and get some energy
back for later, for when she was going to battle the device for control
of her house. In a way she smiled... this was going to be fun.

\*\* It waited outside the door for five minutes. The alloted waiting
period for any event with no anticipated arrival point. Upon ending the
five minutes, the device retreated to an area in the house it had designated
as a base. Said area was the garage, abundunt in tools and material suited
for repair and advancement. Right now, the device knew it needed to become
more equipped to handle the situation. Its task would not be complete until
it had followed its masters orders and fixed all. But in its present state,
it wasnt strong enough to tackle the large stress area. It set to work
modifying itself in preparation.\*\*

Sharna, unaware of all this slept quietly, still wearing her socks and
weekend garb. She had pushed the chest of drawers up against the door to
prevent the device opening it with its arms. Time passes....

**Chapter 6.**

DINGALINGALINGALINGALING!!!! Sharna slammed her hand down hard on the
alarm clock that had rudely awakened her from a nice, but already forgotten
dream. Rubbing her eyes she struggled to focus them on the hands of the
clock eventually working out that it was 7PM. Perfect. She was rested and
ready for fun. Maybe that ten bucks was worth more than it initially seemed.

Sharna grabbed the edge of the chest of drawers and heaved them out
of the way, pushing them back where they came from. That done, the doorway
and the rest of the house, currently controlled by a marauding roll of
duct tape with wheels was accessible. Sharna turned the handle of the door,
maintaining pressure on the door, with a socked foot wedged behind it in
case she needed to slam it and hold it fast in a hurry.

The door opened up two inches under Sharnas allowance, and she peeked
out into the lounge room. Strangely enough, the house didnt seem to be
hers. It seemed different, almost as if she had woken up in a strangers
house. Sharna allowed the door to come open half way, her foot still wedged
behind it to allow her to regulate how far it was allowed to open.

Still nothing. Perhaps the device was broken again. But Sharna knew
it wasnt. She knew because she saw the TV had been repaired. That was new.
So it was still out there. Probably waiting for her. Damn.. what did it
want? She very cautiously stepped out of the door, taking with her a sharp
knife she kept stashed away in the bottom drawer of the chest. Just in
case she assured herself. Although personally she would have preferred
a golf club not that she had one..

Sharna emerged into the lounge room, crouched slightly, as she looked
under the table at the end, hoping to see the device. But no such luck.
Wherever it was, it wasnt being obvious. She walked slowly to the end of
the lounge, thankful that she hadnt taken off her blue ankle socks. They
were making her walking almost silent. Then Sharna's ears pricked up. Almost...
She heard a noise, sort of like, a clicking. A repeating clicking.. Click...
click... click.. It was getting closer. And faster... It was now a fast
series of clicks approaching her... In a second.. it would come around
from the kitchen... Sharna prepared the knife.. ready to throw it if needed.

Then, from around the corner came... a wind up dog. It was a cute little
toy she had recieved as a novelty some years back. But it wasnt making
a barking noise. That was odd. Sharna picked the little dog up, and turned
it over, its legs still thrashing about. The batteries were fine. But no
bark. Sharna's eyes roved around the toy until suddenly..

WHUMP!! She fell flat on her back as something flew around her waist
and dragged her down to the carpet. She screamed.. dropping the knife,
her instinct for survival taking over. Struggling to see what had dropped
her like that, Sharna was twisting around and thrashing around like fish
on deck. She caught a glimpse of a strange hopping thing but that was all,
a glimpse.

Sharna became aware now, during her frantic struggles, that something
had bound her legs together quite thoroughly. She knew it was the device
and reached over to pick up her knife where it lay. Her hands just managed
to clasp the handle of the knife as another streamer of duct tape flew
over her face, right across her mouth. It seemed to pull tight immediately,
hugging her head, plastering her lips tightly together preventing her from
making any sound. Sharna tried to scream on instinct but tape prevailed
and she was silent.

More tape flew in front of her field of view, this time it landed over
chest, pinning her arms down. It had wrapped itself around just once and
now Sharna felt she was losing this fight. The dog was just a diversion
and the device had evolved somehow. Sharna, meanwhile still had the knife
which she used quickly to slash the bonds around her ankles and thighs.
The knife flashed, and the tape fell. Panting through her nose, Sharna
struggled to her feet, and made a head long dive for her room. Her arms
were almost useless, having been pinned to her side by a wide strip of
tape but they helped still to balance her.

Sharna felt more tape cling to her as the device obviously tried to
ensnare her with a cord made of tape which it threw. Sharna saw a bit of
tape hit her thigh and attach, making her drop down onto her knees as it
was pulled taught. But Sharna knew what to do. With a mighty effort, she
rolled onto her back, lifted a leg and slammed it into the device. Just
before she hit it, she saw what it looked like now. It had found some metal
and in some way, it had modified them into a pair of legs complete with
feet and braces for anchoring. The device now stood over a foot tall, and
it had two optical eyes, not one. The other was different however. It had
been removed from something that she had in the house.

The device didnt even know what hit it, as Sharna's socked foot slammed
into its mid section, sending it flying across the room to land in an ungainly
heap, the tape streamer released as the device flew. Upon landing, the
device began to right itself using extended arms. Sharna tried to scream
again, and struggled into her room, using her foot to slam the door, just
as the device ran up to the door, a streamer of duct tape already held
in its pincers ready for deployment.

**Chapter 7.**

From behind the door, Sharna heard a scratching, and a shuddering as
the device tried to bully the door open. Using the knife she still held
in her hand, Sharna cut herself free of the offending tape and stood up,
with one hand still on the door in case. Her plan was to move the chest
of drawers against the door where it had been during her nap.

Sharna lay down on her bed.. relieved at having been safe after such
a near miss. Damn that machine was more powerful and smart than she thought.
And how in the hell had it grown legs! But Sharna suddenly did a doubletake.
The gag, she was still gagged tightly with duct tape. Yet it was so comfortable,
that she almost didnt want to take it off. This confirmed it. She did have
a duct tape fetish. She had thought that much. Her suspicions had been
aroused when she noticed how she got wet and a little bit breathless whenever
she saw duct tape being used on some helpless lady on TV. Sharna decided
it would be better to take the gag off.

Reaching around behind her head, Sharna used the tips of her fingers
to find the edge of the tape, having trouble cos it so was well applied.
Eventually, the edge of the tape yielded to her probing fingers and she
carefully pulled it off. It slid off her hair easily because it her hair
was long and straight, and well washed. But it was firmly stuck to her
lips. She carefully pulled the tape, feeling it resist. It didnt want to
come off. Thinking it might be easier to remove, Sharna used the knife
to cut all the tape off that wasnt stuck to her skin. Leaving behind a
strip of tape only six inches wide but almost irremovable..

What was this stuff? Wincing with her eyes tightly closed, she pulled
the tape hard, feeling it leaving her skin, more than likely taking with
it the top two layers. Damn they should use this stuff as an exfoliant.
With tears springing to her eyes, Sharna finally got the tape off, gasping
with hot searing pain from her massively stinging cheeks. Her lips werent
that bad because they were damp when the tape was applied.

She threw the piece of tape down on the floor in disgust, tempted to
jump on it, however reconsidering that in case it stuck to her again. Sharna
fell backwards onto her bed for a much needed breather. Her plan to fight
the device had failed miserably with her almost getting caught. It was
dark now outside. Perhaps it would be easier to fight the machine when
it was pitch black. But then again, what if it had infra red. Scary. But
she couldnt risk waiting to daylight. She couldnt risk sleeping in case
it entered and captured her whilst she was asleep.

Sharna decided to have another attempt at beating this device. But first
she would have to prepare for battle. The devices main weapon was duct
tape. However it was smart, and mobile. Capable of throwing it. So, Sharna
would have to make herself far less able to have tape stuck on her. Hmm.
What to use. Talcum powder. Talcum powder would make her skin really slippery
and would mess up the duct tape thrown at her so it would be nothing more
than harmless strips of papery material.

But she would have to be totally covered in it for it to work. That
would mean she would have to be naked. Sharna stood up and pulled her t-shirt
off, revealing a set of beautifully rounded breasts with alert pink nipples
just begging for some oral attention. On a weekend, like this, Sharna never
bothered to wear any undergarments so when she took off her baggy shorts,
her soft pubic mound came into clear view. Now she had nothing on except
her socks, which she removed with one hand while standing on one foot.
She was tempted to smell her sockies, as she did a lot of the time but
that wasnt the time. Now naked as a baby, Sharna made ready for the next
stage of battle by picking up a three pound bottle of talcum powder.

Sharna opened the top and sniffed it. Mmmmm baby. Nice smell. She went
into the cupboard, taking out a sheet of cloth that she laid onto the floor.
She didnt want talcum powder all through the carpet now. Sharna stood in
the middle of this sheet of material, and began to dust herself down with
talcum powder, being very liberal in application. She rubbed it in hard
making it almost a part of herself before putting more on top.

Once done, Sharna looked really strange. She was white as a sheet all
over, and naked! Pretty strange but necessary. To test her main defence
out she picked up the awful piece of tape that had killed her face before
and applied it sticky side inwards to her soft bum cheek. She pressed it
on and when she let it go, was satisfied to see it just fall off. Ready.

**Chapter 8.**

Sharna picked up a broom from the corner of the room and smashed the
head off it. This she would use as a staff. Sharna was quite efficient
at using a staff weapon. And she thought for sure that the device wouldnt
be made of titanium. So looking rather like a stark white jungle warrior,
she pulled the drawers away from the door, being careful not to rub too
much talc off herself and opened the door confidently.

As expected, all was dark. Some light filtered through the curtains
from the bright street light outside. Sharna had complained many times
to the local council to take the super bulb out of it and reduce it to
a standard residential strength bulb. But now she thanked it. All was silent
as Sharna, the white warrior padded through to the end of the lounge. She
saw the little toy dog where it had been dropped at their last encounter.
It was still, so obviously its batteries were flat. Pity. It was a cute
toy. Sharna used the end of her staff to flick the toy into a corner where
it wouldnt trip her up in case she had to run.

Onwards through her house she went. Into the kitchen. It was darker
here because her kitchen was inside the center of the house. Not much night
light got in here, and as she approached the end doorway leading to the
rear hallway, it got darker still. Sharna used her staff now to prod the
air in front of her. She didnt want to hit anything. Her staff made a solid
thunk as it contacted with the wall. She was more left than her mind told
her, so she compensated by moving to where the doorway should be but her
mind was telling her she was about to hit the left wall.

Sharna felt somewhat disorientated and this scared her. But she swallowed
her fear and walked confidently with her staff at the ready, through the
doorway.. or at least that was her intention. A trap, set by the device
had made other plans. While Sharna had been preparing her defence the device
had made a strong net of duct tape and had suspended it by thin cords of
tape so it covered and hung gently in the kitchen to hallway doorway. In
the darkest spot, in the most likely door its victim would use.

Sharna freaked out and fell as she hit and felt the drag on her. She
went down for a tumble and the net enclosed on her. While it didnt stick
to her skin, it did stick to itself, making a net like bag around the struggling
Sharna. Fight as she might, Sharna couldnt get it off. It just bunched
up and got tighter as it attached in more and more places to itself.

She could feel a lot of the tape getting ruined by her talc covering
but it wasnt stopping the net from enclosing her. She didnt have a knife
handy and her staff seemed to have been flung out of her hands during her
fall and frantic grab at the net which now trapped her. But something made
Sharna stop struggling. For the first time, she saw two bright red dots
hovering about half a metre off the ground, pointed at her, bobbing a little
bit as if in a barely moving pond viewed sideways.

Sharna knew what it was. It had done this and it had heard her fall
into its trap. She screamed and tried to thrash even harder, succeeding
in only dragging the net tighter onto her slender talc covered frame. The
device, seemingly confident of its captured prey, moved closer. Sharna
knew what it was going to do.

**Chapter 9.**

The device wound out a length of tape from its supply and walked toward
Sharna on lengthened metal legs. It stood half a metre tall now, its eyes
on the top of its head for maximum surveillance. It looked positively monstrous.
It advanced on Sharna, walking slowly down to her feet, still kicking hard
in an attempt to free herself. But they were kicking as one now because
the net was so tight. The device shot out a stream of tape and pulled on
it when it attached to part of the net near her ankles.

The strip of tape was cut from the main supply after the device had
released about two metres of tape. It walked back towards its captive,
and with amazing strength, just lifted her ankles right off the ground!
It used a pincer to grip a bundle of netting so it could lift without worrying
about losing her. Sharna struggled hard, throwing her hips this way and
that but the device was strong and didnt drop her.

It used its free arm to pick up the length of tape from the point where
it attached to her ankle and then using incredible dexterity, wound the
tape tightly around her ankles until all the tape had been used. Then the
device walked off out of the room, leaving Sharna to struggle in vain.
Sharna fought with all her strength, managing only to get breathless and
hot.

After about five minutes, the device returned. It was carrying with
it a pulley kit and a rope. Sharna could see this out of the corner of
her eye and couldnt work out what was going on. But even wierder, the device,
still carrying its strange cargo, proceeded to walk up the side of the
doorframe where the net had been and hung upside down from the top of the
frame. Sharna couldnt see what was going on because of the darkness but
when the device came down empty handed, she assumed it had used the implements
at the top of the doorframe.

The device moved down to Sharna's feet, where the tape had been wrapped
firmly around them. It looked at her feet for a minute, making a very quiet
whirring. It was checking something. When it appeared to have finished
looking, it walked in the direction of the doorframe, and came back a second
later carrying a piece of rope, that travelled upwards from its claw toward
the frame. The device used its end of the rope to wind around Sharna's
ankles, over where it had wrapped the tape, using a knot that could only
have been learned from a scouts book, which Sharna knew was in the garage
awaiting sorting.

The device finished tying the knot and did another look and whirr action,
almost as if assessing its own work. Perhaps that was what it was doing
Sharna thought. Damn this thing is smart. She renewed her efforts only
to be rewarded this time by an almight tug on her ankles that dragged her
across the floor toward the doorframe. What the?? She thought. Her ankles
were tugged on again, but this time they rose up in the air and no effort
from Sharna could bring them down.

Another tug. Her ankles were pulled way up into the air, her body following
faithfully behind, pulling closer still to the doorframe. By now her bum
was off the ground, her ankles pulled almost straight upright. Yet strangely,
there didnt seem to be much stress on them. Again, the massive pull occured,
her ankles going still higher, this time her shoulders began to raise off
the ground. She knew what was going on now. She was tied to the pulley
and the device was using it as a method of hoisting her off the ground.
But for what?

One last tug and Sharna left terra firma. She swung gently and quietly
from the doorframe, feeling no stress on her ankles, wrapped in a net made
of duct tape. Now hanging from the top of the door frame, the device released
some duct tape and stuck it on to Sharnas feet. From here it walked down
her body slowly, wrapping as it went. Her feet disappeared under many layers
of ultra tight duct tape wrapping. Then her ankles and calves. Sharna was
helpless to fight and she had been beaten. So much for a battle plan. She
should have just slept it out and fought the damn thing in day- light.

By now the device had bound her knees together. Its wrapping was a work
of art. Matching the lines of the tape perfectly so it almost looked seamless.
Yet incredibly strong. It was working faster now. Almost as if it had a
time limit. It spooled out yards and yards of tape, moving down Sharna's
bound frame at a slow rate while wrapping her as tightly as it possibly
could. Its eyes alerted it to the evening out of the stress pattern in
the upper regions. It was working!

Sharna's upper thighs disappeared under the duct tape wrapping. They
were pulled so tightly together now that her poor crotch was flattened
between her thighs. Her pussy's wetness trapped in a tight but tiny gap
just below her crotch. The device kept wrapping though. Binding her waist
and the wrists together. Sharna could see this but couldnt move her arms
out of Her elbows were pressed flat hard against her chest as her arms
were pinned down tightly, the wrapping continuing downwards toward her
head.

For a moment, Sharna panicked. What if the device suffocated her? Would
it really go that far? She certainly hoped not. By now her chest was half
covered in super tight, seamless duct tape wrapping. She could feel the
pressure on her chest as the device mercilessly continued wrapping. Now
her breasts came under attack. Without remorse or care, the device wrapped
her firm but tender breasts under ten layers of duct tape per inch, on
its way to her head. They were squashed under the silvery binding, being
reduced in size to an almost nothing. It hurt a little bit but not much.

The device carried on. It had reached her shoulders now and for the
first time it paused. It was wondering how to wrap her shoulders and neck
despite the angles. After only a few seconds of hesitation, it continued
wrapping in a figure eight pattern until the shoulders were totally covered
right up to the base of her neck. From here it wrapped as per normal, usual
tightness and efficiency, yet surprisingly it wasnt tight enough to impede
her breathing through her throat.

Sharna could see the device as it used its legs to span the doorframe
during its task. It had reached her chin and in its predictable style,
just wrapped around and around. But when it came to her mouth, it stopped.
Here was an anomaly. A hole, or deficiency in the overall smoothness of
the target. It referred to its database and uploaded a file on sorting
this problem out. The file referred to finding something that occupied
the same space as the hole and using that as packing.

The device didnt have anything nearby so it severed the tape length
and dropped to the floor to go off in search of packing. Sharna hung there
like a cocooned bug. She tried to test her bonds but they were so absolutely
tight that no give was found. Not a slightest bit. None. It was the most
incredible feeling shed ever had! Helpless, trapped and impossible to escape.
But strangely sensuous.

Her reverie was shattered however when the device returned carrying
something. Something white. Two of them. Even in semi-darkness, Sharna
recognised her running shoe's socks. They had been in the hamper right
next to the door at the end of the kitchen. In her minds eye, she saw what
it was going to do. And she didnt like it.

**Chapter 10.**

The device hopped back up onto its usual position, spread across the
door frame and walked down to where it had been before. It found the loose
edge of the tape stream and fused it to the end of its own roll. It was
ready to continue now, but first...

Sharna felt a sock entering her mouth forcibly. A very strong metal
arm inserted it and pushed it around until it fitted and filled in all
the odd corners of her oral cavity. She gagged on the taste and size of
the offending sock, but it got worse when the second sock entered.

It was shoved in harder than the first, packing her mouth full of used
sweaty socks with an awful taste. But before Sharna could spit them, the
device wrapped her mouth over in a dozen layers of duct tape, tight as
hell to ensure the packing wouldnt move. It paused. Before wrapping her
further, it scanned the terrain and saw that the hole was gone and the
anomaly remedied. The socks had been a perfect fit. Meanwhile Sharna was
in a great deal of uncomfort. The socks were awful and her mouth filled
tight with them. Her mouth had been wrapped over tightly and she couldnt
even utter a mumble.

She felt and saw from real close up the device continue wrapping. It
avoided her nose where it detected incoming and outgoing ventilation and
proceeded over the bridge of Sharna's nose, her eyes and up her forehead
until it finished at the crown of her head. To look at Sharna now would
have been heaven. For a duct tape lover. She looked like a seamless silver
mummy from which no movement could be seen at all. Even her head was seamless.
Just two slight indents where her eyes would normally be.

Finished with its work, the device dropped to the floor and picked up
the rope which operated the pulley. Using it in reverse, it lowered Sharna
gently to the floor, until she lay down again. Getting her to lay down
flat was harder to do than it looked but it accomplished it in record time.
It used it's leg braces to anchor to the floor as it pulled Sharna around
through the kitchen into the lounge where it had first targeted her.

When Sharna, the silver package was in place, the device stopped still
and began whirring.

\*\* Inside its hull, the device's computer checked its code. The trigger
order "fix all" had been commanded therefore the program was set. Now that
the program was over, the device went onto a special program. This was
only meant to be executed at the end of the first fix all. Because the
device was a sharware style copy. It would only operate for one week or
until the end of a fix all. Now that it was ended, the device played via
audio a message from its creator designed to promote the device and prompt
the user to send for the $600 renewal kit to get the device working again.\*\*

GREETINGS CUSTOMER. I AM PLEASED THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED THE DT-E9000
AND HOPE IT HAS SERVED YOU WELL.

Sharna heard this audio playback and swore at it in her mind. Serve
me well my ass, It has served ME into this situation!

THE TRIAL PERIOD FOR USE OF THIS DEVICE IS UNFORTUNATELY OVER NOW. SO
DUE TO THE HIGH COST OF PRODUCING THIS DEVICE, I WOULD ASK THAT YOU FORWARD
$600 DOLLARS TO THE PLACE OF PURCHASE IN EXCHANGE FOR A RENEWAL CHIP THAT
WILL ALLOW YOUR DT-E9000 TO RETURN TO NORMAL SERVICE.

SPECIAL OFFER! IF YOU DECIDE TO PURCHASE THE UPGRADE CHIP, YOU WILL
HAVE ACCESS TO OUR SERVICE AND HELP LINE FOR ANY MAJOR DIFFICULTIES YOU
MAY HAVE. BUT FOR BASIC PROBLEMS, JUST REMEMBER TO TELL YOUR DEVICE TO
STOP.

Sharna heard this final line and if a duct tape enclosed woman, with
two socks firmly jammed in her mouth could scream.. this one just did.
THE END.

18/05/01
