---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: A Bagel for Breakfast
authors:
- Stephanie Evans
tags:
- Solo-f
- F-m
- shrink
- transport
- cage
- tease
- sex
- cons
- X
date: 2010-05-16 00:00:00
---

It was probably morning, but the storm was blocking any sunlight from Laura's bedroom window. She had only been in Newton for a week and survived three incredibly violent thunderstorms. A tornado touched down five miles East of here on Tuesday and a few square miles of wheat had been flattened by hail stones the size of golf balls. They told her Kansas had intense weather, but she wasn't prepared for this.

It must be after six, she thought as she tried to motivate herself to get out of bed. Her first concert would be tomorrow evening and she really needed to practice. Laura remembered the thrill when she opened the letter from the "Young Artists in Rural America" foundation last Winter. Eighty Juniors and Seniors would spend a Summer in small towns throughout rural America sharing their art and music with people who had little contact with the arts. And now here she was. Time had flown since she arrived. She had to get settled in her apartment and find her way around the community. Now it was finally time to practice. She would be playing the Bach Second Suite in three days and she had barely touched the cello since she arrived. Adrenaline shot through her - my God, there were only three days!

Distant thunder rumbled as she got out of bed and slipped into her nightshirt. The clock wasn't working and the lights were dead from that close strike a few hours ago. She fumbled for her flashlight and tiptoed to the bathroom. The floors creaked under her feet as she tiptoed to the bathroom. Mrs. English was a retired widow and, unlike most farm people, tended to sleep in until seven.

Nearly everything was old about the house. Mrs. English told her it was built over one hundred years ago by her husband's grandfather. Long Island had its share of old houses, but people had more money there and were able to keep them in better repair. There was something wonderful about the character of this place. It was exactly what she needed. While she didn't want to totally leave civilization, she did need to remove its distractions to focus on her work. Only her electric clock, her flashlight and the small microwave oven that Mrs. English gave her hinted that this was the twentieth century.

Returning to her room she started hearing the Bach. It was so rich and mathematical. Nothing was as perfect as the Suites. When would daylight come so she could play? She unlatched the case and lifted out the cello. Its wood felt so good, so alive as she listened to its strings respond as she lightly tapped the bridge with her finger. Sitting cross-legged and hugging her instrument, she softly hummed the allemande and drifted off into meditation.

A sudden flash of lightning jolted Laura from her meditation. She was so startled that she didn't hear the first crash, but the room was bathed in a brilliant white light for a few seconds as a bright globe the size of a baseball entered through the wall plug and slowly moved up the cord of the microwave oven. It entered the oven and exploded with a sound like the crack of a whip. Her ears were ringing and the room filled with the smell of ozone. Rain pounded on the roof above her and loud thunderclaps followed the flashes by less than five seconds. She was shaking like a leaf as she hugged her cello for comfort.

Minutes passed and the time between the flashes and the thunder had increased to ten and then fifteen seconds. The thunder was still loud, but it no longer started with the sharp crack it makes when it is close. Mrs. English was pounding on the door.

"I'm OK, Mrs. English. I think we were hit by one of the bolts. I'm just a little shaken up..."

Sunlight streamed though a break in the clouds. Laura put the cello back in its case and opened the window to get rid of the ozone smell. The air smelled so fresh after a storm. As she drank in deep breaths she felt so alive - so hungry.

Newton, Kansas had wonderful bagels. Laura stopped in the shop yesterday knowing that the only edible bagels in the world were made in a ten mile radius of New York City, but these were the best she had tasted.

After five years of subsistence living in New York City, Nancy Gottfried realized she wasn't going to make it as a dancer. She had gone from second string in a second rate ballet company to doing chorus line work. Her beauty and legs got her through the auditions, but she really wasn't a great dancer. She did, however, learn how to make great bagels and reasoned that they would sell anywhere. With any luck this little store would break even and she could expand. Maybe she would even have her bagels in California one day.

Laura opened the door on the microwave and was amazed that it's light still worked. The cavity smelled of ozone and its electric cord was blackened, but otherwise it looked fine. She started humming her music as she placed the bagel into the oven on a paper towel. Butter would be nice, but the refrigerator was downstairs and she was too hungry. She punched 30 into the timer and hit the "start" button. Nothing happened. She tried again, but something was wrong with the oven. Opening the door she thought she could smell the ocean. Now the light wasn't even working. She shook her head and reached for her flashlight.

-----

The early pre-dawns were easily better than the California sunsets, Jim thought as he worked the stunt kite. It went up ten minutes earlier in total darkness with nothing but a tiny strobe light to mark the swoops it was making. The patterns were mesmerizing and he found himself thinking about a Bach cello piece he heard last week when he was tooling for finals. Now his only care in the world was the pull of his kite on its twin fifty foot lines.

His concentration snapped as he felt the ground shake and heard a dull thud behind him. There was a brief blast of wind, but the sea breeze was replaced by a stillness. A stunt kite fluttered to the ground as it's owner released it from his control. The colors of the pre-dawn were replaced by a soft metallic blue glow that was bright enough to cast a shadow before him as the stars overhead completely faded from view.

Turning around to look at the light he saw a bright blue rectangle form high in the sky. As he watched in amazement, the rectangle spread downwards towards the ground and shook the Earth when it hit. Directly in front of him was something very large. Looking first to his left and then his right, he saw metallic walls perhaps a hundred feet away on either side. They rose at least a hundred feet to a metallic ceiling where the sky used to be. The smell of salt air was being replaced by the smell of a bakery. Even the sounds around him were changing. The surf and the wind were being replaced by the stillness of a large room. Something was very wrong.

Jim turned and started to approach the huge object that loomed before him. Suddenly a bright searchlight began to probe the darkness behind him. He walked around the object, guessing it to be over twenty feet tall and sixty feet wide. It seemed to have circular walls like a huge inner tube or some kind of tank. Finally he had a direct view of the searchlight. Was this some kind of spaceship? Was he going to have a close encounter? The light was huge and, rather than being pointed from a fixed platform, it seemed to dance about in the sky. The searchlight fixed on him and he thought he could make out something huge in the glare behind it. A woman's voice boomed from above and the searchlight went black.

-----

The inside of the oven looked strange - it was as if a strange dim light was leaking through the walls. There was a light brown substance on the floor of the oven. Maybe something burned when the lightning struck. She continued to looking around with the flashlight.

'Hello? What's this?' she thought to herself. 'Oh my god! It looks like a little person!'

It - he was absolutely tiny - maybe as tall as one of her short musician's fingernails - and he was looking directly into the flashlight. She switched the beam off and closed her eyes for a few seconds to see if this was just a dream. She slowly opened her eyes after counting to ten and pinching herself on the arm. He was still there; standing a few inches away from her bagel.

"Come here little man. Don't worry, I won't hurt you..."

He seemed to understand her and walked over to the door hinge. My god he was tiny! Laura thought as she held out her finger in front of him.

"See if you can climb on my finger... I'd like to get a be er look at you" she whispered as quietly as she could.

Her heart pounded in confusion as he climbed onto the tip of her left index finger and walked down to her palm. Closing her eyes, she thought she could feel his footsteps.

She could hear him talking to her. "Where am I? Who are you? What did you do to me?!"

"Slow down there. I'm Laura .. Laura Clemens. And as far as I can tell, you appeared in my microwave oven when I was trying to nuke breakfast."

Laura slowly lifted her hand to her face to study her little man. It was difficult trying to see much in the way of features on him. It looked like he might be wearing blue jeans and a white shirt of some kind. His hair was probably light brown or blonde, but that was hard to tell. Slowly she walked over to her desk and fumbled for the little magnifying glass in her sewing kit.

"That's better. Now you look a few inches tall. You're pretty cute you know... What's your name?"

"Jim... I can't get over how enormous you are. I've got to sit down, all of this is making me feel faint." He sat down on her hand as she continued to study him.

"Are you from Earth? The only living things I can think of that have legs and are as small as you are insects, but you look very human to me. In fact you look like a cute guy in his early twenties."

"Thanks ... I'm from San Diego. In fact I just finished finals at UCSD last week. God you're tall - you must be hundreds of feet tall."

"No, I'm just five-eight and we're in a second floor apartment in Newton, Kansas. You're the one who's small. How did you get in my microwave in the first place?"

"You're asking me?! I was flying my kite just before dawn and suddenly I heard a big crash behind me. It was like a box just formed around me out of nothing. Suddenly a big piece of light started to open in the sky. That must have been the door of your oven opening. Were you cooking something?"

"I was trying to cook a bagel, but nothing happened..."

"So that's what the thing was! A bagel! It was so big I would have never figured that out."

"Anyway I opened the oven and saw some strange light. I even thought I could smell salt water. That's when I got out my flashlight. Somehow my oven shrank the space around you and brought you here. I wonder what's in there now?"

Carefully she walked over to the oven with him. The floor was still covered with sand and she saw a tiny kite laying on the ground. A few inches from her bagel was an inch tall lifeguard tower. "Whoops..." It crumbled into a tiny heap as she touched it with her finger.

"Laura, put me down on the beach and close the door. I need to know if I can return to California. Just don't start up the oven -- you might fry me!"

"Here, this isn't going to be very easy.." she said as she lowered her finger tip into the sand. She watched in amazement as he carefully made his way down to her finger tip. He jumped to the sand. She couldn't feel anything when he jumped.

"OK, big girl. Try closing the door for awhile and then open it in a minute or so."

She closed the door and started counting. After something like thirty seconds had gone by she opened the door. Nothing had changed.

"Nothing happened. Could you try the timer on the oven. Didn't you say the oven was broken?"

Laura closed the door again and punched in 30 and start. Nothing seemed to be happening as she tried to look through the grill.

Ten seconds, twenty and finally she thought she could see a light blue glow coming from the oven. Carefully she opened the door and looked in astonishment as a tiny ocean faded into the oven's back wall.

"It works!" he shouted. "Hot, Damn! It works! Now close the door again and let me get out of here."

"Hey, little guy. I'm not the kind of girl who lets a cute guy get away so easily. First I need to learn a bit about you and then I'll let you go." She put her finger down on the sand next to the crushed lifeguard tower. "Climb aboard, Jim."

He reluctantly climbed on wondering if this was the most stupid thing he would ever do. On the other hand she was beautiful and he didn't have anything else planned today.

"Now I'm going to put you on my desk where you can't get into trouble while I experiment. Don't get lost!" Jim made the six foot drop from her fingertip to the table and watched as the giantess walked away. She was wearing a nightshirt, but it gave away her shape as she walked. Her hair was blond and was very long even at her scale. She was gorgeous!

-----

Laura punched 40-start into the oven and opened it. The sky was dark and the sand on the bottom had been replaced by water. She dipped her finger in it and then tasted the fluid. It tasted salty. She closed the door and tried 30-start again. The remains of the little crushed tower littered the sand. She drew an "L" in the sand with her fingertip and wondered what people would think of the hundred foot initial as she closed the oven and entered 1-start. It was time to have some fun.

Opening the door, Laura found another water scene. The color of the water seemed different from 40-land and was very cold to the touch - almost freezing. She picked up her notebook and wrote "1 - cold ocean. Arctic or Antarctic?"

The entries for 2 and 3 were also water, but she didn't have a clue to where they were other than the fact that they were warm. For fun she took a piece of styrofoam packing from the garbage and threw it into the ocean in 3-land, wondering what someone would think when it was discovered.

Four produced a desert scene - completely bleak and desolate. The sand was hot to the touch and was not very deep. Laura took a piece of styrofoam and inked a "L" on its side before she dropped off her calling card.

Six was water, but seven was a lush jungle with trees almost as tall as the cavity of the oven. She plucked a few of the trees and was amazed by their tiny leaves and fragile limbs. A flight of tiny blue and red objects fled one of the trees as she brought it out of the oven. Probably some kind of tropical bird, she thought.

"How are you doing my little friend?" she said as she approached the desk carrying one of the trees trunk-up between her thumb and index finger. She carefully laid the tree on the desk a half foot from him.

"What do you think of this? I found it hunting with the oven..."

Jim approached the huge tree. It must have well over a hundred feet tall. The trunk was eight feet in diameter and was badly crushed where it had been snapped.

"This is one of the biggest trees I've seen. How did you pull it out?"

"Oh, I tried to pull a few up from above, but they break so

easily. To get this one I pulled a few trees around it and then broke it off near its base with my fingers. A flight of beautiful blue and red things came from this one. If you see them flying around in here maybe you can tell me what they are."

She found a note card and pencil in the drawer. "Jim, I need to figure out how big you are so we know what the oven is doing. After that you can go back to California if you want, but you're kind of cute and I'd like to get to know you a little more. Maybe after I send you back we can get together at our normal sizes."

This sounded great to Jim. She was extremely beautiful and seeing a woman this big was certainly a novel experience.

As Laura placed the huge piece of cardboard on the desk, at least twenty parrots flew overhead. They probably had a one foot wingspan, so it was no wonder she couldn't see them very well.

"They're parrots Laura! You managed to catch a flock of parrots."

"Parrots! Maybe I can catch them and put them in a bottle of something."

Jim shuddered at the thought of being placed in a bottle as he paced off the cardboard sheet. "I'd say this is about forty by sixty feet" he called up to her.

"It's just a three by five note card, Jim. Now lay down with your head at the edge and I'll mark your feet with my pencil." She was giggling as she talked. The pencil crashed down on the card near his feet and left a mark nearly a foot wide and twenty feet long. "OK, you can get up now."

"You'll have to add a foot my height - thank god the pencil lead didn't come close to my feet."

"OK" she mumbled as she took out her ruler and magnifying glass. "This is really hard to read. I can't tell if you're closer to nine sixteenths or five eighths of an inch. Here, I'll put the ruler on the desk and you can make your own reading."

The ruler was at least three feet thick and fifteen feet wide and Jim had to steady himself as he climbed up onto it. Like everything else in this bizarre world, it was terribly out of scale. He put his feet at the right edge of the one inch mark and used his hand to mark his height. Getting up he read the results.

"My god! I can't believe this. It looks like I'm just under a half inch tall. Maybe forty eight or forty nine one hundredths of an inch. Jeezus - no wonder you're so big!"

"Hang on, Joe. I've got my calculator. How tall are you in California?"

"I'm just a bit over five-ten."

"Oooh - that's a great height. Not too tall and not too short.."

"But I take it a half inch is too short for you?"

"Well, let's just say I've never dated anyone under three inches before. But then again you never know, you are awfully cute."

Laura paused and tried to look innocent. "Joe," she said in her shyest, little girl voice. "Would you like to try something before I send you back home?" As she talked she took off her nightshirt leaving only a giantess in panties that were tiny and enormous at the same time.

Joe's jaw dropped at the sight. What a babe! She was so beautiful and so big. Her breasts were hundreds of feet above him. They weren't large proportionally to her body, but they were hills to him. Her nipples were very erect and she was holding the sides of her breasts in her huge hands.

"You're not saying anything, Joe. Don't you like what you see?" She said as she dropped to her knees.

"You're ... you're absolutely amazing. I can't get over how big you are. It might be fun to try something, but I can't think of anything that would be safe."

"Well why don't you start to think about what you could do. I'm going to be playing with the oven, but we'll need a place to keep you so you'll be safe. I mean a spider could easily take you before I could save you." She looked around on the desk and saw her tea leaf ball. She opened the little sphere and looked down at Jim. "You're going to go in her for awhile until we figure out something better."

Looking up at the huge and beautiful face smiling hundreds of feet above him, he realized he had no choice in the matter. She opened the cage and placed it on it's side next to him so he could easily step inside. The ball was composed of two hemispheres each slightly taller than he was and about thirteen or fourteen feet in diameter. They were made of a thick mesh of four inch thick silver bars spaced on a foot wide pitch. Jim climbed into the ball and waved at his huge girl friend.

Laura carefully closed the tiny ball and locked the tiny latch with the edge of her fingernail. "I hope you don't mind breasts because I'm going to hang you between mine for safe keeping."

Wondering what she must look like to her tiny friend was starting to become erotic. Maybe he could play with her nipples or ears. Or maybe she could hold her labia open and let him play with her clit.

She hung the ball from a necklace and let it fall between her breasts. "Are you OK in there Jim?"

"So far so good. Just be more careful when you move me. It felt like I was on a roller coaster for awhile."

"If you don't mind, I'm going back to play with the oven. Actually I really don't care if you do mind, because you're staying in there for the time being."

She went up to twenty on the oven, but the only sign of human habitation was sixteen, which was some kind of field with a road running through it. True to form Laura drew her "L" in the field and ripped up about fifty feet of the two lane road with her finger tips.

Having Jim between her breasts was starting to make her very horny and it was time to make love with him in any way she could. She carefully removed her necklace and opened the cage.

"Jim, step out onto my palm. I really need you!"

Her palm was almost big enough to hold a basketball court, Jim thought as he stepped onto the huge woman's hand. He could feel movement and watched in amazement as her left breast came closer and closer.

"My god, your nipple is bigger than I am!"

"Would you like to climb it, Jim?"

Now he was close enough to touch her nipple. Her areola almost filled his field of view - it must have been over twenty feet in diameter. She must have been very excited as she was so incredibly hard. He walked over to her nipple and held it.

"Take off you clothes, Jim" she giggled. "I want to feel you."

Now he was as horny as she was. He ripped off everything he was wearing and crouched in the hurricane as she blew them off of her palm. As she watched, he held her nipple again and felt himself become hard against it's crinkled surface.

"Would you make love with my nipple?"

That would be a new experience, he thought. He started rubbing himself against it and felt his nipples harden as they touched her's. His shaft was rock hard and she felt wonderful against it.

"I can just feel you. You feel so incredibly light and so sexy. Jim, this is so wonderful. My breasts feel so heavy and wonderful with you doing that!"

She was oozing milk from several ducts and Jim was soaking. Each drop would start growing at a duct until it was over a foot in diameter. Gravity would then take command and allow another drop to form. The ducts that were milking looked at least and inch in diameter and Jim wondered if he could make love with one of them.

"I'm going to put my cock in one of your milk ducts. You're giving milk and I think I'll fit."

"My ... my milk ducts? You can get into one of them? Would you? Oh, Jim, tell me what it feel's like." Laura closed her eyes to feel the sensation and lightly squeezed the side of her breast.

"What happened! God, I'm covered with your milk. You squirted like a fire hose and almost knocked me over!"

"Whoops... Sorry..."

"Don't worry, it was as sexy as anything I've ever done in my life! Now I'm going to try to get in.."

It was a tight fit, but she was well lubricated. He leaned into her nipple a bit more and suddenly his was in all the way.

"Laura ... I'm in your duct. I'm making love with your nipple."

Laura started to tremble lightly. It was so sexy thinking about a tiny little penis in her nipple. She lightly touched the side of her breast. Jim could feel a huge pressure pushing him out of her duct. He leaned into her harder, but a stream of what must have been a dozen drops shoved him out. Covered from head to toe with her warm milk, he rammed his shaft into her again and couldn't take his pressure any more.

"I'm coming Laura, I'm coming."

The huge hand under him started to quake and he lost his balance. All of a sudden he was in free fall ten feet above her hand. He managed to land without injury, but it was impossible to stand up as the womanquake continued.

"I... I .. I... don't know how to handle this Jim. Maybe you should get back in your cage for awhile."

She placed a hemisphere over him on her palm and slowly his world turned on end as he fell onto his back against the top of the metal cage. She moved the other hemisphere into place and shut the latch with her fingernail.

"I can't figure out how we can do much at our current sizes and I can't risk hurting you, little guy. I'm sending you back to California."

Then Laura had a great idea for a joke. She opened the microwave and placed a bagel on its floor and gently placed the strainer on the bagel hole." This should give him something to explain. "Be sure and write! Let's get together soon so we can really make love." She closed the door and pressed 30-start.

"Wow - what a diversion that was!" she said to herself as she tried 21-start and played with her nipples. Damn - nothing but water again. She closed the oven and pressed 22-start. A fan came on and the timer said 21, 20, 19... down to 1 when a buzzer went off. Laura opened the door and didn't see anything - just the steel floor of the cavity. She tried 20-start. Nothing!

The damn oven seemed to be working again!

For the rest of the day Laura continued to play with the oven, but nothing seemed to work. She should have been practicing, but she was waiting for a phone call. It was so damn frustrating!

The next day was a disaster. He hadn't called. Did she forget to give him her phone number? He could have tried information. Maybe he would send her a letter - anything care of her in Newton would work. God, she missed him.

-----

Susan Adams threw down her beach towel to bake in the Summer sun. She knew she shouldn't be doing it, but she was only sixteen and her body was really hot. The most beautiful face in her high school and five foot ten of thirty-three, twenty-two, thirty-three. This was her Summer and she was going to blow all of them away. She loosened the string on the back of her top and stretched out on the towel.

That's funny, she thought. There was a bagel on the sand with something silver on it. Susan picked up the bagel and let the one inch sphere drop into her palm. The bagel looked awfully good, but she couldn't afford to gain any weight if she wanted to keep this body. But what was the little silver globe? She had never seen anything quite like it. It was made of a mesh and it looked like it could be opened. There was something very small in it. That's funny, she thought as she looked around. She could have sworn that she heard a guy's voice, but there wasn't anything on the beach other than the trashed remains of a lifeguard tower. Holding the little mesh ball close to her face, she popped the latch with her thumbnail and slid the hemispheres apart...
