---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mei Part 2
authors:
- Summer
tags:
- F-f
- FF-f
- latex
- catsuit
- bond
- drug
- captive
- bagged
- vacuum
- breathplay
- toys
- climax
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2011-04-28 00:00:00
---

continued from [part one](mei.html)

**Mei, part II**

Sally woke up with a start to a short buzz from her nether regions. She must have fallen asleep on the way home. She was pretty comfortable in her latex cocoon, but it was time to get back to work. Ashleigh had already left the van, she must have gone to get changed, or whatever she went off to do while she left Sally to do all the 'dirty work'. She got up and checked on the girl in the vacuum bag. The Calm would have worn of by now for sure, but the girl was totally still and breathing slowly. She must have fallen asleep too. Well, that was good, Sally figured to herself. She tried to yawn... but it didn't really work, and she cursed to herself.

She slid open the van door and got out and pulled a metal stretcher over as close as she could to the door. She was a little hesitant to move the girl as she knew her waking up would probably result in more struggling, and a harder time for her, but she just sighed and pulled the girl across the floor of the van towards the door. The action of moving her did cause her to wake and she quickly got herself into a state of panic inside the vacuum bag, trying to struggle and breathing quickly. Sally hefted her across onto the stretcher and then stroked her forehead through the latex as she did up the straps over her ankles, waist, below her breasts, and over her shoulders. Surprisingly the stroking seemed to totally calm the girl down, and Sally continued to comfort the girl with one hand as she started to push the stretcher towards the garage door.

As much as Ashleigh loved latex the one thing she hated about it was taking it off. It was always such a pain, because even wearing it for a short time the thin film of sweat that built up underneath it made it stick to her skin. She usually found that taking her latex garments off in the shower was a little easier, and that's where she was, stripping herself of her mini-dress, gloves, boots, and underwear in the shower. Once she was done undressing she turned off the water and quickly dried her hair and body with a towel. Sally and herself had both made use of another of Sallies miracle compounds to rid themselves of their unwanted body hair. It was akin to laser hair removal, and despite Ash trying to persuade Sally to release it onto the market she remained adamant that it was her little secret.

She left the bathroom which opened out to their 'playroom'. It looked much like a ordinary bedroom, a large bed against one wall, nicely made with rather expensive looking linen on it, and to each side of the bed was two large closets, one Sallies, and one Ashleigh's. Ash dropped her towel into a basket and waltzed over to her closet, entirely naked, a blonde mop of hair on a body of perfect creamy skin. She swung on the door handle to open the closet and then sat back on the bed, to look and decide what to wear. There was rather a lot to choose from, the girls had built up quite a collection over the past few years. Her eyes fixed on a white catsuit at the end of the closet. She hadn't worn that in a while. Her mind flickered with visions of herself in white with red accessories, and that cemented the decision. She rolled back on the bed and then quickly flung herself forward to a standing position, before taking one large quick step to the closet. She pulled the white suit off the hangar and tossed it to the bed, and then grabbed the red painted shoebox from the closet floor and jumped into the air, landing in a seated position on the bed. She excitedly opened the lid of the shoebox to find a large assortment of red latex items. Underwear, cuffs, gloves, socks, bands, and a hood. 'Yum', she said.

Sally locked the wheels on the stretcher so it wouldn't roll away while she was 'working'. The girl was still mostly calm, wriggling a bit every now and then but she seemed somewhat resigned to her fate at this stage. Sally did a quick spin to remember where everything was. She was in the 'project' room. The walls were lined with large drawers, full of toys and equipment. The girl on the stretcher was positioned right in the center of the room, under a large bright light fixture. Sally decided her first action would be to 'try' out the girl, and she figured it would serve to give her and indication of the girls stamina too. She moved over to one of the large drawers (Still quite the labour for her as she was still encased in her restrictive 'superhero' costume). She opened the drawer and pulled out a Hitachi wand vibrator. One of her favourites.... She'd had this one since she was about 17. ....

She still remembered the night she got it. She was on vacation with her family, in the metropolis upstate from her hometown. The hotel they had been staying in was near the city, and during one of their outings Sally had noticed a sex toy shop a few blocks away from their hotel. Of course she had not mentioned the shop at all to her family. That evening after her parents were sound asleep she had snuck out of the room and walked the few blocks alone to the shop. Pleased, but also awfully nervous to find it still open so late she pushed the door and went inside to find a small room full of shelving holding a myriad of alien looking devices. A bubbly young woman came up to her, and smiled. She must have gathered from the look on Sallies face her nervousness, and took Sallies hand and led her to a shelf near the counter. She picked up a wand and placed it in Sallies hand. It was rather large, and heavy, but Sally didn't want to ... be there for long, so she nodded shyly and passed the woman her card.

She was soon heading back to her hotel with a non-descript postage tube held under her arm, and a slight grin across her face. The thoughts running through her head on the way back got her rather excited to try the thing out. She had brought herself to orgasm a few times before, by rubbing her pillow between her legs, but she had no idea how this might feel. She decided to head to the swimming pool, she knew nobody would be in the change rooms there at this time of night. She found a bench in a corner with a wall socket above it, and plugged in her new toy. Switching it on she was amazed at it's power. She pressed it lightly against the zipper on her jeans and moaned quietly, pressing it harder against herself, reveling in the sensation. The vibrations felt so intense on her sex, she rubbed the device up and down the outside of her jeans and after just a few seconds she had her most intense orgasm (so far....).

Sally carefully climbed onto the stretcher and straddled the girl so she was kneeling over her thighs. The girl flexed weakly in her bonds, either out of energy or not really trying to struggle anymore. Sally took the wand in her left hand and placed her right hand gently on the girls breast, caressing it ever so lightly through the layer of latex, the girls shirt and bra, looking to elicit some sort of reaction from her victim. The girl twitched as Sally touched the vibrator on its lowest setting to her left breast. Sally leaned in so her breathing hole was close to the girls and felt quickened breaths against her throat. She groped harder with her free hand and returned to a upright position, slowly sliding the vibrator down from the girls breast to her stomach. Sally stopped moving for a few seconds, she suddenly felt the toll of her tight, sweaty bondage suit. She closed her eyes and took as deep breath as she could manage. The vibrations of the wand carried through the girls body to where Sallies legs were resting in her. She opened her eyes and resumed sliding the wand slowly down towards her target.

As she slid the head of the vibrator closer to the girls sex she began to hear muffled noises from behind the girls gag. Was she protesting? Moaning? Sally didn't really care at the point. She slid her right hand from the girls breast down across her stomach to her thigh where Sallies thigh also rested. She drew the hand up her own body to her breast and rubbed herself softly while still ever so slowly edging the vibrator towards its goal. She slid her hand back along the path it had taken to her breast and then further up the girls neck to rest on her face. As the vibrator met with the girls sex she slid her finger playfully back and forth over the breathing hole in the gag. Every stroke she could feel the girls breathing growing more intense as the vibrator worked to raise her levels of sexual excitement. After a few seconds of she moved her hand back to help the vibrator, pressing her and there with her fingers and sliding them up and down across the smooth latex.

The girls sex was very warm now. She was certainly enjoying this, whether she liked it or not. Sally pressed the vibrator hard against the girls clitoris and felt the girl tense and spasm under her thighs. She was close now, Sally thought. She moved the vibrator away again for a few seconds, pressing it against her self, closing her eyes and feeling the vibrations flow through her lower body. Her other hand had begun to move toward her own breast again when she remembered her current priority, and moved the wand back into place on the girls sex. As it came into contact again the girl made a loud mmphh and spasmed again. She was flexing and straining as much as the airtight latex and rubber straps that held her down would allow, and as Sally pressed the vibrator in firmly and rubbed it up and down she felt the girl begin to jerk rhythmically in the throes of an orgasm. Sally slumped forward onto the girl and pressed her body against the girls, 'riding' her orgasm ... holding her down even more firmly, and enjoying the vibrator against her own sex, now just a inch or so above her captives.

Ashleigh had spent the last 15 minutes powdering herself and pulling on the white latex catsuit she had selected. It covered her completely from her toes to the top of her head, minus the face, and she was just smoothing out the final wrinkles in the arms, and rubbing polish over herself. It fit her perfectly, clinging tightly to every square millimetre of her body. She moved from the large mirror she was standing in front of, every step the latex sliding against itself between her legs brought a electric feeling to her sex. She twisted extravagantly to seat herself on the corner of the bed, and pulled the red shoebox over to her side. The first item out of the box was a pair of shiny red heels, about 4 inches high. She slid them easily on to her feet and carefully tightened the straps. The contrast between red and white ... gosh, she was feeling excited already.

She selected a pair of red latex panties next, they slid easily up her polished legs and snapped into place giving her another jolt of pleasure as they increased the pressure against her sex. A red latex bra came out next. she slid it over the perfectly shaped white orbs on the front of her chest and secured the catch behind her back, spending a few moments fiddling with the straps to get them right. The bra pushed her girls up and together, and with the white latex suit conforming to her every curve she was rendered with a beautiful shiny white set of cleavage set in the two red cups of the bra. She grasped her breasts with her hands and adjusted them slightly so as to be just, perfect. She reached again into the box and withdrew a pair of long red latex gloves, which she set aside. No sense making it harder to work with her fingers till she was done.

The next item she removed from the box was a red rubber ball gag. She didn't need that today, so she put it back in the box and took out a red latex hood. It had hard tinted plastic lenses over the eyes, no nose holes, and a small mouth hole, and was otherwise completely featureless. She drew in a deep breath and pulled the hood over her already hooded head, it slid on fairly easily, but it wasn't straight and when she tried to breathe in the hood sucked hard against her face. A sliver of panic washed over her as she fingered around for the mouth hole and twisted the hood till she could both see and breathe. She smoothed the sides with her hands and pulled the zipper at the back down to the base of her neck. After pinching and fiddling with the nose a little she got up and went to have a look at herself in the mirror. She looked stunning. Shiny white with red accents. Totally featureless.... a rubber doll. She turned and grabbed the gloves, and slipped them one at a time over her white latex gloved hands. They came to just below her elbows. She turned back after pulling the wrinkles from the gloves, and wrapped her arms around her tummy and spent a few minutes admiring her reflection. Gosh, she though, Sally is going to like this.

Sally groaned as loudly as her gag would allow as she pressed herself against the girl and the vibrator. The additional pressure from the weight of her body on the girl seemed to intensify the girl's spasms, with the aftershocks of her orgasm continuing with the vibrator still pressed firmly against her. Sally writhed against the girl, the feeling of the vibrator against her sex was driving her crazy. She moved her head up to be facing where the girls face was and pressed her breathing hole against the smooth bump under which was her captives nose. After sealing herself this way she started rubbing and gyrating against the vibrator, pulling her head back after a few seconds to gasp for air. She slid her head down to the right of the latex encapsulated figure's head and continued rubbing and humping the girl, the vibrator working at her while she sucked in breaths through her breathing hole.

She stopped moving as she felt her climax approaching and let the wand take her the rest of the way, with the girl seemingly still experiencing aftershocks or maybe even another orgasm, flexing and convulsing below Sally. Her orgasm came suddenly and took her breath away, tensing her body and causing her to roll to the side and stumble off the stretcher, collapsing to the floor as her pleasure continued. She grasped around, finding the cord of the toy and pulling it off the girl towards her, clumsily snatching it up and plunging it hard against her sex to keep her pleasure going. She dropped the toy to the floor as she came to realise she could no longer suck in enough air to fuel her pleasure, and she was starting to feel light headed.... her vision dimmed for a few seconds and the room spun, but she didn't quite faint. It wouldn't have been the first time, in any case.

Sally slumped onto her back and panted heavily for a minute while she calmed. She reached over and switched off the wand, still buzzing against the floor and pulled herself to her feet with difficulty. The girl was still squirming about just a little. Sally placed her hand on the girls forehead as she lowered her head towards the girls. She slid the index finger of her other hand to the girls breathing hole and sealed it, and taking a deep breath she leaned in for a 'kiss', pressing her breathing hole against the hole in the prisoners gag and sliding out her finger. She exhaled slowly and the girl accepted the stale air, returning it a few seconds later. Sally remained embraced for a couple more exchanges before she started to feel dizzy, then broke away.... sucking in a lungful of fresh air and falling back to a chair in the corner of the room.

She gazed over and watched as the figure in the latex bag's movements became less and less frequent, eventually ceasing entirely. She had gotten her breath back in that time... though she was still remarkably hot in her suit. And awfully sweaty... She wanted more than anything to be out of it at this point. Sure, it was fun, but Sally found it to be getting a little overwhelming. Unfortunately for her there was no telling how long Ashleigh would be with whatever she was up to, and only she had the magnetic key to unlock her suit. Sally rolled her head back, her gaze unfocused toward the ceiling.

It seemed like Sally has only closed her eyes for half a second when she felt a buzz in her panties. She must have been out for a while because she was rather stiff and clammy, the sweat in her suit having cooled as she slept. She looked around but Ashleigh was no where around. The remote worked over a long distance though, maybe she was on her way. She better ready the girl quickly she thought. She got up and went over to the stretcher. the girl must be sleeping too. She placed her hand on the girls left breast to feel for a heartbeat.... just making sure she was alright. It was strong but steady, just fine. She went over to the cabinets and opened a drawer. Inside was several coloured cylinders similar to the one she had previously used on the girl. She found a yellow one labelled 'Still' and took it out. As before she watched for the girls exhale before pushing a finger into her breathing hole. The girl awoke and began struggling in her bonds, before Sally made a quick switch between her finger and the canisters nozzle, expelling the contained gas into the girls breathing hole as she inhaled. She pulled the canister away and watched the girl pant and struggle for a minute or so before slowly becoming more sluggish and eventually ceasing to move.

Sally felt another buzz in her nether regions as she moved around to the bottom of the stretcher. The sensation cause her knees to buckle just a tad, but it was gone as soon as it had come, so she continued her duties. She undid the buckles securing the girl to the stretcher one by one working her way towards the girls head. Once the straps were all undone she returned to the girls feet. She slipped her fingers gently between the two sheets of latex till she found the seal. Not dissimilar to that of a zip-lock bag, but on a much larger scale, she pushed her fingers against the plastic and the seal broke. The vacuum in the bag quickly dissolved and the latex ceased to be sucked in. Sally pulled the seal up the side of the bag to the girls head and twisted the valve on her gag to let the air out of the bulb in her mouth. She slowly pulled the latex sheet off the girl, a small resistance made as the gag slipped out from between her lips, and let the sheet fall down the side of the stretcher, still connected to the underside of the bag.

The girl was completely drenched in sweat. Her clothes were soaked through and her hair was damp and strangled. She had her eyes open. Sally knew the girl could fully see, feel, hear and comprehend, but she couldn't move any muscles in her body apart from her eyes and eyelids. Sally placed her hand gently on the girls cheek, stroking it softly. She carefully pulled the iPod headphones out of the girls ears, and traced the wire to the back pocket of her jeans, and tugged the cord gently till the device slid out. It was totally dead. She squeezed the button on the front and sweat oozed out from around it. Sally was a little disappointed, having been interested in what the girl had been listening to... but oh well. The area around the front of her jeans was totally soaked. Sally tried to grin before realising her own bondage once more and getting back to work.

She removed the girls shoes and socks, and the small red bow in her hair and dropped them into a plastic bag. Next she peeled off the girls shirt. The combination of vacuum packing and sweat had caused it to become incredibly crinkled. As she pulled it up the girls limp arms rose above her head and the shirt came off with a few tugs. She had on underneath a cute little pink bra with white polka dots. Sally thought 'Gosh... she has a nice set there...' as she dropped the shirt into the bag. The girls chest was shiny with sweat, and Sally couldn't help but to smoosh her palm against the girls breasts. As she did she started into the girls beautiful deep black eyes, seemingly vacant. Just as she was about to move on the girl winked at her. Well, at least she thought that's what she saw. Who knew what the heat of the suit was doing to her.

Sally's panties buzzed again and she turned around to find Ashleigh standing in the doorway. Sally shook her head as an expression of amazement at the sight of her white and red clad girlfriend. She took a few laboured steps toward Ash before finally giving in to the tolls of her suit. she started to tumble, but Ashleigh dashed over and caught her on her way down. She guided her over to the couch opposite the stretcher and sat her down, cuddling her hooded head into her chest. She ran her hand down the back of Sallies neck, and a small click from the interaction of the key she had palmed on her hand with the hood signified Sally's freedom. Sally started grasping at her head desperately trying to pull off the hood. Ashleigh helped her, removing the thick black shell of latex carefully from Sally's head. As soon as the hood was off her head Sally breathed greedily in through her now usable nostrils as Ashleigh unbuckled the gag behind her head. As soon as the gag was loose Sally pulled it from her mouth and took several long deep breaths before falling into Ashleigh's lap in a heap. Ash stroked her hair for a minute or so before reminding her that her job wasn't over yet via a short buzz from her vibrator. Sally groggily sat up and Ashleigh pushed her to her feet and motioned for her to return to the girl on the stretcher.

Sally walked back to the stretcher with Ashleigh lazing on the couch behind her watching. She could see clearly now... breath, move her face, it made the whole thing a great deal easier for her. The sweat on the girls exposed skin had mostly dried by now but her jeans and bra were still soaked with sweat, and her hair was still very damp and strangled looking. Sally placed her index finger on the button of the girls jeans and pushed it as she pulled the fabric around it with her other hand. She gently pulled the zipper down and folded the damp flaps of fabric aside to reveal a soaked pair of panties, matching the bra, pink with white polka dots. Sally pulled the waistband of the jeans down over the girls hips and struggled against the damp fabric, slowly peeling them down her legs till they pulled off, turned inside out. She felt the pockets and found keys and a wallet. She tossed the wallet at Ashleigh who seemed to be daydreaming, as she only reacted as the wallet bounced against her chest, falling to the floor. She leaned over to pick it up and opened it to find the girl's drivers license. She pulled it out and held it closer to her eyes so she could read it (The lenses were a tad blurry). The girls name was Mei. A beautiful name, Ashleigh thought to herself.

Sally dropped the jeans into the bag and grabbed a soft dry towel from one of the cupboards. She gently dried the girls hair and daubed the rest of her body till she was dry. She saw a muscle in the girls arm twitch, meaning she only had about five minutes of paralysis left. She hurried over to cupboard again and grabbed a box that contained restraints. She tugged a few times at the remains of the vacuum trap, still between the girl and the stretcher, till it was out from under her and fell to the floor. She pulled out the first restraint from the box, which strapped around the girls ankle and then clicked into the metal deck of the stretcher. She did the other ankle. below her knees, her thighs, over her waist, below her breasts, above them, over her neck, a strap across her forehead, and finally her forearms and wrists, by which time the girl was beginning to flex her muscles and try to move. Sally stood back and watched the girl sluggishly try to free herself for a half minute before giving up, then she leaned over and kissed her on the lips, most passionately. To Sally's surprise, the girl kissed back, and as she pulled back from the kiss her gaze was drawn once again into the girls deep brown eyes, expressionless though ever so slightly distressed. Sally turned and left for the bathroom. She needed a shower, badly.

Ashleigh rose from the couch and walked slowly over to the stretcher to inspect her captive. The girl turned her head as much as her bonds would allow, and made eye contact with Ashleigh's lenses. She was remarkably calm, Ash figured she had succumbed to her fate and was maybe even enjoying it a little, especially after the way Sally had just treated her. She sure was beautiful. Striking features, beautiful eyes, a cute little nose, soft thin lips... she reminded her of the actress Maggie Quigley, but younger. Ashleigh drew a line from the girls forehead to the tip of her nose, and pressed it gently. "Mei", she said. "Gosh you are a pretty one..."

The girl smiled, but didn't say anything. Ashleigh ran her finger further down till it stopped between the girls fine cleavage. She slipped her finger into the girl's bra and closed the rest of her hand over her breast, giving it a gentle squeeze. The girl gasped quietly, and Ashleigh said softly, "Mei.... you have rather nice breasts. I'm going to enjoy playing with you." She slid her hand out of the bra and moved it to grope her own, twisting around and heading to get some things from a storage closet across the room.

to be continued...
