---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tickled in Heels
authors:
- Bob Tickle
tags:
- n/a
---

Today I can't believe what happened.

Our son was going to spend the night at his grandparent’s house. On
the way out of the door my wife said she would call when she left her parent's
house so I could be ready when she got home. To her ready means tied up
and ready to be tickled, I love it when she tickles me! She also allows
me make it better because I can where some nylons and 4 black pumps.

As soon as she left I started to get ready, I got the ropes out of the
bag that they stay in along with my heels and nylons. I had to get the
ratchet pulleys up to the ceiling, two for my hands and two for my feet.

Today I thought I would try something new, I would hide the video camera
in the corner, this way when she saw me I could see her reaction. All was
set, my nylons were on and so were my pumps the ropes were tied to the
ceiling now all I had to do was to wait for her to call, the trip from
her parent's house would give me enough time to get ready. When the phone
rang I answered right away, She said "I'm about to leave I hope you'll
be ready in time" I told her I would and said I love you! See you soon.

Now the time was here the last thing I had to do was to start the program
on
power point, it listed all the thing she should do to me.

1 Be Nice
2 Stroke my legs, tickle my feet
3 Leave my shoes on for a little bit
4 Don't forget to tickle the top of my toes

I also made a chart that shows where I should be tickled the most on
the chart it had.

         1 arms
         2 sides
         3 legs
         4 butt
         5 feet

As the program ran it also said tickle me more, don't stop even if I
ask, tickle me to make me cum. With that running I started to tie myself
up. First I tie the straps to my ankles, it has two rings on it this way
it doesn't get tight on my ankles.

Each leg gets tied apart from each other in three ways, one rope to
the ceiling, one the pole on the side of me and one to the bottom of my
chair when there all tied I can hardly move my foot at all, that’s the
best way to be tickled, when you cant get away.

After my legs are done I tie my arms. I have straps that my wrists go
through with a ring on it, this way it doesn't get tight on my wrist, also
it help's me to tie my hands because I use handcuff's to connect the rings
from my hand to the rings on the pulley. With my hands ready I put on the
blindfold. I sit, legs in the air flexing my feet waiting and wondering
how long till I hear the car pull up.

I hear cars go by but none pull up in the drive way, finally I hear
it, she's home, I hurry up and strap one hand to the handcuff then the
phone starts to ring, no need to answer I can't move off the chairs, so
I continue on and click the second cuff on.

I start to pull the rope to tighten the rope, the pulleys are great
they only release when you hold a lever on the side so it won’t loosen
by it self. With it clicking I get my hands tight now I am ready, an so
is my tool, it gets hard as a rock knowing what is going to happen and
I cant get loose until she's done tickling me and doing whatever she want's
to me!!

Then something happens I wasn't ready for, instead of coming right in
there was a fast knock. I didn't know what to do, then the door opened,
I forgot to lock it when I came home!! I hear someone say hello at the
same time the answering machine starts to take a message
"Hey it's me, I hope you are not waiting for me just yet, were all
going to grandma and grandpa's house my aunt and cousin's are in from out
of town and they want to see us, I'll call you when I'm on my way home,
it will be a couple of hours."

At that time I recognize the voice it's aunt Chris, what is she doing
hear I thought and what am I going to do. She yell's down,” I hope you
don't mind I have to go to the bathroom I couldn't make it home I had to
many drinks," she runs to the bathroom on the first floor and I notice
she must be wearing high heels I can hear them clicking on the hardwood
floor.

I have no idea what to do I try to get my hands loose, not a chance
they wont move at all, how can I get her to leave without coming down stairs.
I hear a flush the sound of heels walking towards the stairs and she calls
down "I hope I didn't disturb something but if the door was locked I would
of pee'ed my pant's, " I told her that was ok and I just got of the shower
and she could let herself out, She asked if I would like to have a beer
with her because John was gone for the weekend and she didn't feel like
going home right away, and was a little to drunk to drive anymore, "also,
Kelly wont be home for a couple of hours" with that I heard the fridge
door open and two bottles clinging together, then the click clack of her
high heel's coming down the stairs.

I had to think of something, what would she say when she saw me like
this I told her "stop, before you come down you can never tell a living
soul what you are about to see, "her reply was "come on, what, you in a
towel" then the sound of her walking down the rest of the stairs.

Now she could see me I could tell because she said "looks like you are
ready for a good time, did you do this to yourself?" I didn't say anything
for a second, I didn't know what to say then she laugh's, "nice shoes there
the same one's I have on right now only yours don’t have the open sides"
then her hand touched my right foot I tried to move it but it didn't budge,
I tied myself to good. "Look's like you like to play with the computer"
she said, I forgot about the program that was running, "I'm lucky Kelly
wont be home for awhile I going to be busy to fulfil you wish list."

All of a sudden something cold was against my balls wanna drink then
the other beer bottle was against my lips I took a big swig. Looks like
you've done this before once or twice, I never would have guessed you were
so kinky, but now that I think about it, I thought I saw you staring at
my feet before, that’s why I would dangle my shoes, I would always catch
you looking. I said "OK you caught me I have a thing for feet and shoes"
and for tickling by what you wrote on the screen here. She was reading
along out loud as it was scrolling by.

Be nice, "I'm always nice" she said.
Stroke my legs, Tickle my feet, "that sounds like a lot of fun because
I love to tickle, especially feet that are in nylons," now I was beginning
to think I might be in trouble.
Leave my shoes on for a little bit, "you do love high heels, those
look great on you."
Don't forget the tops of my toes, "these," then I felt her nails tickling
my toes on my left foot, she could reach it while at the computer. I wiggled
but it didn't help, she just kept tickling my foot up and down while she
continued to read.

Wow, this is a fancy chart, once again she reads along,
"arms, sides, legs, butt, feet, you just want everything tickled,"
now her fingers were trying to get into the side of my shoes. I tried to
keep them out and not laugh but she was to fast, "you did a nice job of
tying yourself up you can hardly wiggle your feet, that's good because
I'm going to have a lot of fun with you before I go," don't stop tickling
me even if I ask, "wow you must really like to be tickled, even more than
my girlfriend, "tickle me to make me cum, "I'll try, but that might take
some time, that's all right, we have at least a couple of hours that should
be enough." With that said she started to tickle my feet both at the same
time, I was trying not to laugh but soon I started to giggle, she was tickling
my arches and my toes, her fingers danced all over my feet!!!!!

I told her if she left now and didn't tell anybody I would forgive her,
she laughed "who are you going to tell, that would be a good story,” she
was still tickling both feet lightly but steadily using her nails sliding
them in my shoes and over my toes, it was non stop, "I was at home tied
up in nylons and high heels in my basement minding my own business when
Aunt Chris came in and tickled me, and wouldn’t stop" I would just love
to hear you tell someone that," she was right I was at her mercy.

I didn't know what to do, my head was still whirling for all that had
happened so far, what would she do next, I didn't have to wait any longer,
I felt her hands on my dick, I gasped, "look's like you didn't see that
coming, get it, didn't see it," I couldn't see anything I was still blindfolded.
Slowly she began to stroke my manhood, it was as hard as a rock, "looks
like you like being tied up" then she took her other hand and began to
scratch my butt, I tried to move away but no luck, with my legs tied in
the air I couldn't get any leverage, she had only been rubbing me for a
short time and I already was close to cumming, "not just yet" she said
and with that she stopped everything, I was so close it almost hurt.

I hear the chair for the computer desk being moved and then stopped
right in front off me, "now what are you going to do?" nothing she said
and then the beer bottle was up to my lips again, "drink up your throat
will get dry soon with all the laughing you'll be doing" she held the bottle
up till it was empty.
I started to calm down then I felt her foot flicking my dick and the
other one playing with my balls, those black pumps were a touch cold, "this
is so much fun, I sure am glad I had to pee I would have hated to miss
this,” then while still playing with me she starts to tickle both feet
again at the same time. "I just love to do this, first I tickle your toes
then your nylon covered arches, I don't know which I like to do better?
I can tell your getting close again," with that she stopped using her feet
on my dick and moved them up to my sides, "look I can tickle your sides
at the same time I tickle your feet." I was trying not to laugh but giggles
kept coming through, "Oh come on I want to here a big laugh," she tickled
my feet even faster, at least my shoes were still on her fingers cant get
to the souls of my feet very well, I kept wiggling trying to avoid her
tickling fingers, "pretty soon these shoes are coming off then I know you'll
really be laughing and begging me to stop, tickling feet in nylons seams
to make them even more ticklish, but that’s going to be too bad for you
because you wrote, "don't stop even if I ask," what were you thinking about
when you wrote that, this must of been doing your thinking," with that
said both hands were on my dick again this time stroking very light and
slow.

I was starting to become wore out form all that was going on, all of
a sudden I felt her lips on me, taking all of me from top to bottom, at
the same time one hand worked it's way back up my leg then began to tickle
my toes then right back inside my shoe on the bottom of my foot, the other
hand began to stroke my butt, I didn't think I could get any harder I was
wrong, she kept going I thought it going to explode, I was on the edge
when she stopped with her mouth, "not yet we still have to much time left,"
after she said that she was tickling both feet again fast and with purpose
"if you can cum with me just tickling your feet right now I'll let you
tickle me" I was trying to make it happen it was getting close after another
couple of minutes  it would explode and then she said "time's up on
my offer," and she went back to sitting in the chair and used her feet
on my armpits while she continued tickling my feet. I was so hard I needed
to cum but that wasn't going to happen yet.

The tickling was none stop then all of a sudden a phone began to ring,
"I wonder who could be calling, hello, hi Lisa you'll never guess what
I'm doing right now, it is what we just talked about in the bar," this
didn't sound to good for me, I kept listening and she kept tickling my
right foot as she talked on the phone, once in awhile she would use her
foot to rub my hard dick.
"I never would have guessed our fantasy would come true so fast after
talking about it, you have to come over right now we only have about a
hour and a half until we have to be gone." She's telling her friend to
come over I cant believe it, "I hope you still have on your outfit I still
have mine on," then she gave my address and said "see you in five minutes."

"Now it had gone too far" I started to complain "I can't believe you
invited someone else over someone I don’t know, "I think you might remember
her from the Christmas party, she is the one who wore the four inch red
pumps, she said they were her Christmas shoes," I did remember I couldn't
stop looking at them when we were there.

I could hear her taking off something and I asked what, "I have a bodystocking
on I'm just taking off everything else but that and my shoes, this way
Lisa and I can be wearing the same outfits, Lisa is usually the one who
gets tied up and tickled so she might like to tickle someone else." Then
out of nowhere she starts to tickle my sides with here finger nails, "did
you think I forgot about you," I tried to get outta the way of those fingers
but I was tied too tight, she just kept tickling up and down my sides,
"I have to get my tickles in now because Lisa is going to have a good time
tickling somebody else for a change."

There was a knock on the door, and then aunt Chris went up to get it,
the clicking of her high heels sounded great. I heard her talking but could
not tell what she was saying, then back down the stairs came two pairs
of high heels, WOW Chris, you were right he does look like he's having
a good time, look at his rod, my face must of started to go flush then
I heard them laugh, "look you embarrassed him, I bet I can make him feel
better" Lisa said then I felt hands on both of my feet tickling my toes,
then into the sides of my shoes I started to giggle some more, that's when
I was caught off guard another hand was stroking my butt and lips were
sucking hard on my friend, fingers were working on my sides, "I can't do
this ha, ha, hee, hee, ha, ha,  anymore" I said, they both laugh,
remember what you wrote, "don't stop even if I ask," Lisa said and with
that she tickled my feet even faster.

I could hardly catch my breath, I was starting to cum when they both
stopped, "poor thing we should have let him finish," Lisa said "not just
yet, then I felt aunt Chris's fingers looking for the buckles of my shoes,
"Please leave them on please, I wont be able to stand having my feet tickled
with no shoes on, the nylons make my feet real slippery, it will tickle
to much, please just leave my heels on," it didn't matter what I said she
started to pull them off one at a time.
After one was off the second was just dangling on my toes, "we'll make
you a deal, if you can keep that shoe on until were done with you can tie
both of us up and tickle us all you want, but you have to leave your nylons
and heels on," Chris are you sure, you wont even let me tickle you, he
wont be able to do it, I'm not to worried, I asked how long till Kelly
gets home because I can't see the clock, "about a hour that should give
you some time to tickle us if you make it," with that said I felt one finger
tickling my right arch trying to get me to drop the shoe it was making
circles and moving up and down my arch very slow.

I was trying not to wiggle but that was very hard, then another hand
started to slowly tickle my left foot then two hands, both the top and
bottom at the same time, dragging her nails I thought I was going out of
my mind, when a mouth was on me again, I was getting close this time it
was Lisa that was sucking on my dick and she didn't stop, my orgasm was
so strong I was light headed "look my shoe is still on" I said, I can't
believe it aunt Chris said and then they started to untie me.

        End of part one
