---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/newspringline8.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: The New Spring Line
authors:
- RubberH
tags:
- F+/m+
- D/s
- femdom
- slaves
- dungeon
- bond
- sawhorse
- bdsm
- spank
- training
- latex
- clothing
- sissy
- collar
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2018-11-26 00:00:00
---

*The characters and situations in this story are a work of fiction. Permission to use the characters in this story has been given by their original creator, Andy Latex as noted in his blog Smooth Slick N Shiny. This story is meant as an ‘alternate reality’ of his fictional universe.*

continued from [part 7](newspringline7.html)

**Part 8**

The Board meeting concluded and the only ones left in the room were William, Andy, Bulldyke and Lady Quirt.

“Pardon me Lady Quirt…” started Bulldyke.

“Gwen my dear, you can call me Gwen now.” Replied Lady Quirt. “But you may address me as M’Lady if it makes you more comfortable.”

“Sorry… M’Lady, it is going to take time to get used to this after fifteen years. But what about my duties? Who is going to perform those?”

Lady Quirt smiled. “It will be an inconvenience for a while, but sissies 6, 17, 24 and 32 will fill in nicely. The Sissification Center is being moved here, so that just leaves my dungeon. I decided that Robin has enough experience to be placed in charge of that. You have been an excellent teacher.”

“Thank you. I must offer my congratulations to Lady… err Robin, when I arrive home.”

“Oh, my dear.’” Said Lady Quirt. “We have already moved your things to a house not too far from here. A lovely neighborhood. Plenty of privacy and the house is completely soundproofed. You, William and Andrew will be living there. “

Bulldyke looked a bit puzzled. “All three of us..?”

“Both of them need to be available for their training and preparation for the ‘Kinky Girl’ campaign rollout. You are their Handler so it’s more convenient for all three of you to be in one place.”

“But what about…. Lady Jane?” Bulldyke asked. “She will be furious. She will not take kindly to Andrew leaving her.”

“Yes… Jane.”, said Lady Quirt, the smile leaving her face for a moment, then slightly returned. “That will be my concern. At this time, you are to take William to the Training Center and deliver Andrew to Jessica so he may resume being fitted for his new outfits. “

“Yes M’Lady. “, replied Bulldyke. She took hold of William’s leash and gave it a jerk. William winced and followed her to the lift. Andy walked close behind.

Once they were in the lift and the doors had closed, Bulldyke took a deep breath and looked at both Andy and William. “Well, that WAS unexpected. I’m not sure what to do next.” William could see her eyes looking down at his cock.

“Hmmm, I did say you might be given some relief..” she started to fondle William’s cock and balls. Then she halted. “No…no…nooo.” She continued “We must not be too quick.”

William let out a slight groan. Bulldyke chuckled as she saw his desire to cum had outweighed his embarrassment.

The lift stopped and the three travelled down another glass-walled corridor. Bulldyke looked at Andy and said ‘Stay’. She then opened the door and pulled William into the room.

William’s heart began thumping in his chest. He looked around and he shook in fear.

The room looked like a torture chamber!

There were St Andrew’s crosses, cages and racks. Medical examination chairs and tables were there, except these had heavy-duty leather and steel restraints. Hanging from the center of the room was a gambrel which had leather restraints attached to it. The gambrel was connected to a steel cable that went to a pulley in the ceiling. The cable then continued to a crank attached to the wall.  On the floor about six feet apart were two steel rings.

“Ahh, Bulldyke.. I mean, Master Bulldyke.”, came a voice from behind William. “I get to formally meet our new company asset.” William turned his head to see a woman wearing nothing but a black rubber robe. However, he recognized her as one of the Board members.

Bulldyke jerked hard on William’s cock leash. “Eyes front!” she shouted. William quickly faced forward.

The woman walked in front of Bulldyke and William. “He responds well to commands, but he needs more discipline.”

“Yes, Lady Flogger.”, replied Bulldyke. “If you don’t mind my calling you that.”

“No, that’s perfectly fine. Gwen tells me he is to be trained enough in the corporal arts to pass as a dominant, but in most circumstances he will serve as a submissive. Very well, unleash him and secure him to the whipping horse.”

Bulldyke did as she was told, and William soon found himself on the horse. Lady Flogger looked at him and then Bulldyke.

“You may go now. He won’t give me any trouble.” Bulldyke turned and left the room. She took Andy’s hand and they travelled back to the lift.

“Now, William.” Said Lady Flogger. “As you heard, my name is Lady Flogger. I have been given the task to train you, and you will learn. You have no choice. You will learn the art of receiving and at times, inflicting pain with minimal physical damage. You will learn to tolerate, and maybe even desire it.”

Lady Flogger walked up to the whipping horse and pulled a lever next to William’s head. He heard a small ‘thud’ and Lady Flogger pulled on the horse, and it began to move across the floor. She positioned the horse in front of a long table. On the table were various whips, paddles, canes and other implements.

“These are part of the ‘Impact!’ collection.”, said Lady Flogger. “You will learn to recognize each one by sight, name, construction details, their function, price and other essentials. We can’t have you selling a product you are not familiar with.”

Lady Flogger pointed to something that looked a little like a mop with a short handle. “This is a basic beginner’s flogger. It is made of very soft strands that will not cause any serious, permanent damage.”

William watched as she removed her robe and stood naked in front of him. She picked up the flogger in her right hand and smacked it against her open left palm.

“See, no damage and minimal discomfort.” She then walked behind William and gave him ten strokes across his rear. William flinched but he felt no real pain.

Lady Flogger returned to the table and picked up a broad leather strap. But she also picked up a penis gag and held it in front of William’s mouth.

“Open wide”, she said. William refused. “Very well then. I find a screaming subject annoying after a while, but I’ll adjust.” She then took the leather strap and struck William hard. William screamed, and Lady Flogger jammed the gag into his open mouth. She buckled it tightly around his head. “I lied. I just like to gag my playthings.”

“Now, today we will work with the light-duty tools. Over the course of the next two months you will be able to identify and use these tools. Let us continue..”

As time passed, William felt every item on the table used on his body. However, as he was instructed he made sure to remember the names and uses for each and every one. When the last implement had been demonstrated, Lady Flogger removed the gag and the restraints. William stood and looked at himself in a mirror. While his rear was beet red there were no serious wounds.

“You are much too valuable to damage William.” Said Lady Flogger. “But fortunately, you are not very stubborn, and you learn quickly. Now, Display!”

William assumed the position and held it as Lady Flogger left his field of vision. In a few moments she returned but with a woman who was also wearing a rubber robe but was gagged, collared and leashed. He looked at the face and recognized it as the chauffeur who drove him this morning. Lady Flogger removed the robe and William stood there in amazement.

The chauffeur had been elaborately tattooed front and back and head to toe. Lines had been drawn on her body, marking off sections. Each section was numbered and in a different color.

“This is just temporary tattooing, William.” said Lady Flogger. “It will last about two months which is the length of time for her punishment.”

The woman was brought over to the gambrel and her wrists locked into the restraints. Then her legs were pulled wide apart and her ankles locked to the rings in the floor.

 “The color and number coding are to show where a submissive is more sensitive and the sensation is more painful than pleasurable. The green and blue areas are the safest and can endure harsher blows or with more severe implements. The red and purple areas are the ‘danger’ areas and should only be struck by an expert.”

William watched as Lady Flogger began striking the chauffeur. He watched as the girl began to writhe in pain as Lady Flogger went from blue to green to red and finally purple. After a half hour Lady Flogger released her from the gambrel, and the girl slumped onto the floor.

“As you can see, no real damage. That will be all for today William.” Said Lady Flogger. “We will begin a full training session tomorrow where we will work with straps and paddles. Our little friend will be recovered enough for you to practice.”

Two sissies entered the room and helped the chauffeur stand up. They cuffed her hands behind her back and lead her out and down the corridor. Lady Flogger had put on her rubber robe and entered something into a computer terminal. In a couple of minutes one of the security guards entered the room and escorted William to the lift. Bulldyke was waiting for him.

“It’s been quite a day William.’ Said Bulldyke. “Lady Quirt decided that we all should just go out for supper and have a nice quiet evening at home.”

“Not like this!?” William asked with alarm.

“No, silly. We’ll stop off at Fabrication where your new outfit should be ready.”

“New outfit?…. Oh God, not rubber.”

“Of course it is. Dress code requires rubber at all times.” Bulldyke chuckled.

As they went down the lift, Bulldyke removed the cock and ball harness, but not the collar. William was going to ask why when he recalled that if she did he was at the mercy of everyone in the building.

They stopped at a floor where Bulldyke had to place her thumbprint on a reader. “This is Fabrication. We make our rubberwear here and of course they are all top-secret company designs. “

They proceeded to another set of security doors where they were met by a pair of armed security guards. One guard looked at Bulldyke’s security badge and then at William. She then pressed a button on a wall and the doors opened.

William looked at the racks of rubber clothing. All sorts of sizes, colors and shapes.  He was almost overcome by the thick smell of the rubber in the air. He followed Bulldyke into a room where Andy was waiting for them.

Andy was now wearing a pink rubber bolero-style jacket over a pink rubber tube top with the “Boy!?” logo on it, a pair of skin-tight pink rubber leggings and a pair of pink stiletto heels. His red hair had been released from the severe bun and now cascaded over his shoulders.  Andy’s lips and fingernails were now in a matching pink color. Andy smiled at William as they were now face to face.

“Andy, you, you are…” William stammered.

“Too much pink?” Andy asked.

“No… not at all. “ William was amazed at Andy’s switch from harsh dominatrix to ultra feminine girl. “You are just fantastic.”

“William.” Interrupted Bulldyke. “We have to get you dressed.”

“Yes Bulldyke”

“WHAT WAS THAT YOU SAID?” Bulldyke shouted.”

“Master… Master Bulldyke!” William quickly responded . ”I’m sorry Master Bulldyke!” (He thought “Why did I say sorry?”)

“I’ll let that go for now… Never forget your place.”

Bulldyke went over to the racks and checked the labels on them. “ Let’s see, No, No… Not this one. Yes, here are yours.” She examined the clothing on the hangers and chose three items. “Over here.” She ordered William.

William was handed a pair of leggings, but in black latex. “Put these on.” Bulldyke said. He struggled into the leggings.

‘Don’t worry, they’re made based on the images we took this morning. They’re pre-lubed and the latex is almost tear-resistant.”

William struggled and pulled them on he then noticed that the leggings had what looked like a codpiece in front. His cock and balls popped into the pouch. The latex almost melted around his privates. He noticed through that the pouch was held closed by two snaps.

Next was a black latex tank top. This too, fit him tightly and it reminded him of the catsuit he first wore.

Finally, Bulldyke brought out a pair of boots. These were of heavy rubber and laced up to his knees.

Once dressed Bulldyke positioned both William and Andy in front of a full-length mirror.

“Damn!” she said “You are both fantastic-looking.” She then took out a key, unlocked and removed William’s collar. But then she took another collar and locked it around Andy’s neck, clipped a leash to it and gave the end to William.

“Tonight is your debut.”

“I thought we were going out to dinner…. Master Bulldyke.” Said William.

“We are… to one of the newest and trendiest places in the city. A place where Andy has been to a couple of times.”

Andy blushed “Oh, please Master Bulldyke. Not there. I was so embarrassed the last time Aunt Jane brought me there. Everyone was staring at me.”

“And they will tonight… but they’ll have an even bigger reason to stare.. your escort.”

William felt a lump in his throat. He knew he could not refuse and that Master Bulldyke would make sure that they both complied.

They followed Bulldyke out of the Fabrication Department and to the lift. William could see the guards smiling and mouthing obscene remarks about him and Andy.

“Don’t worry about tonight. First date jitters are expected.”

Andy and William looked at each other. William took Andy’s hand as if to reassure him that they would get through this somehow.

story continues in [part 9](newspringline9.html)
o0o
