---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Salesman 2 -
authors:
- Northern Chill
tags:
- M-f
- transform
- magic
- latex
- objectification
- nc
- X
date: 2006-06-17 00:00:00
---

(story continues from [**The Salesman**](the_salesman.html))

**Part 2 - The Salesman Calls Again**

Mary Beth fidgeted
nervously in her chair. Since she had been fired from her dancing job, her
funds had dipped to a very low level. She needed this job to keep the lifestyle
which she was accustomed to, particularly her liaisons with the many men and
women she dallied with. One in particular, Jennifer, she really enjoyed getting
wild and crazy with on a weekly basis although her close friend and lover
strangely wasn't answering the phone the last few days. Oh well, she thought,
maybe I'll go see her after this interview.
She was in a reception area at a somewhat small but
exquisitely decorated office.The ad she had responded to was seeking various
personal in client relation areas. She figured with her outgoing personality
this job would be a cinch to get. She scanned down the form which had various
questions for her to fill out. They were pretty standard inquiries about her
name, age, weight, measurements and previous employment history. However, the
next page of questions was much more personal; inquiring about her sexual
preferences and such. When she asked the secretary about the questions, she was
told that some of the firm's clients inquired about this when they contacted
the agency. Mary Beth thought this was most unusual but filled out the
questions as honestly as she was comfortable with.
Once she was done filling out the form, she handedit
to the secretary who immediately took it into an office at the end of the hall.
After 5 or so minutes, the secretary came back out and told Mary Beth to go
down to the office she had just been in to meet Mr. Smith, head of personnel.
Mary Beth entered the office and sat down opposite the man.
He looked up from reading over her application "Ah.. Miss Mary Beth.. glad
to meet you.. how are you?" he said.
"Great," she replied in as cheery a voice as she
could muster.
"Good, good; I was just looking over your
employment application and you seem to be just what we're looking for."
Mr. Smith said.
"Great!", Mary Beth exclaimed. "when do
I start ?"
Mr. Smith put the form down. "Well, first we need
publicity photos for our agency to use when recommending people to our clients.
Now for those we need you to wear this.." he said, pulling out a large
silver box and handing it to her. Mary Beth opened it and found inside a shiny
black latex catsuit that looked very sleek. She glanced up at Mr. Smith with a
puzzled look on her face.
"This outfit, I think, is appropriate given your
background and the work we think you'll be busy with. Of course,if you're not
happy with it, we can find another person for this position" Smith said
with a tone of firm certainity in his voice.
"No, I'll wear it. It's just a little - -
unusual," Mary Beth said hurriedly.
Mr.Smith showed her to a changeroom where she
quickly stripped and put the body hugging catsuit on, tugging it up over her
trim figure. When she zipped it up, she noticed how seemless it was around her
wrists and ankles. It pressed against her breasts and sex so snugly she thought
she might orgasm right there but she managed to control herself.
She walked slowly out into the studio area where
Mr. Smith waited, camera in hand. She felt a little warmer than before but
dismissed that as nothing more than relief over geting the job. He took
pictures of several poses with her standing, bent over seductively, then
sitting on her calves. Throughout the shoot she was getting warmer and a little
stiff as well. She noticed that Mr.Smith had a silver snake-headed cane out,
the carved head of which was glowing somewhat. He helped her grab her ankles
with her stiffening hands. She tried to ask him what was going on but no words
came out of her mouth. In fact, her mouth seemed to be pulling itself into an
O-shape. That was the only body part that she still seemed to have any control
over, but now waves of thoughts of using it to clean and suck seemed to
overwhelm her. Her vision grew cloudy as a darkness enveloped her.
When consciousness returned, she realized she was
no longer in the office. A quick look with her frozen eyes revealed a bedroom
which looked eerily familiar. There was a figure resting on the bed that looked
much like her friend Jennifer but yet was now something different. Suddenly,
Mr. Smith walked into her fixed line of sight. "Now then, Mary Beth, I
should tell you the truth." he said. "This job offer was an elborate
ruse, set up by our agency on behalf of our client David. You see, he learned
of Jennifer's infidelity some time ago and contacted us for a different type of
revenge."
Mr. Smith then went over to the bed and lifted the
figure of her lover, standing it up on pointed rubbery feet. Mary Beth would
have gasped if she had been able to. It was clear that Jennifer was now nothing
more than an inflated love doll with exaggerated breasts, open mouth, and wide
open pussy. "Jennifer has already been dealt with, and now we deal with
you." Mr. Smith, said mysteriously, putting the doll Jennifer back on the
bed, face down.
He went over and placed a full length mirror in
front of Mary Beth. She could see now she was frozen kneeling on her calves,
hands still rigidly grasping her ankles behind her back and mouth frozen in an
ovular shape. She also noticed that words were stencilled above her breasts on
the suit, and took a few seconds to reverse the letters: '**COCK CLEANER -
copyright 2001**' she read, to her horror. Mr. Smith nodded as if he was
reading her mind. "That's right, my dear. You will spend the next six
months as David's cock cleaning machine. All your bodily functions have been
suspended and we will check every so often to make sure there are no unncessary...
leaks." he continued, almost like he was describing a product line and not
what shortly ago was a living woman.
"After six months, you'll be released from
this... work. By that time, you may be more careful in your choice of sexual
partners. However, as per the contract we signed with David, if you tell anyone
of your experience or continue to commit adultry with Jennifer, you will
returned to this state instantly - and PERMANENTLY -" he said with an
unforgiving tone of warning in his voice.
Inside her latex prison, Mary Beth cringed at the
thought of passing six months of doing nothing but giving David blow jobs. She
thought she might go crazy, especially if he had some of his friends over to
try out his 'new product' as he would call it. Her.
Mr. Smith walked in front of her carrying a latex
hood. There were no openings in it save for a circular hole for her mouth.
Above that, the words "INSERT HERE" were stenciled. He pulled the
hood over her head and fittedit tight to the neck of her suit, where the
seam blended into the rest of the latex. If one looked at her now, they would
think that this was a carven statue or life-like machine and not a human being.
Mary Beth heard Mr. Smith gathering up his
things. "Busy, busy, busy," he muttered. "This client is keeping
the office very busy." She heard his footsteps trailing off and a door
closing softly, followed by silence. Nothing moved in the house as Mary Beth
and Jennifer mentally prepared themselves for David coming home and she
wondering silently who the salesman's next sale would be to.
