---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Adam's Power Failure
authors:
- Latexx
tags:
- Sbm
- latex
- multi-layer
- cuffs
- gasmask
- bagged
- stuck
- mast
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2007-04-04 00:00:00
---

I am a true rubber devotee. I own a house which is both my home and my office. Upstairs I have a hidden room which contains my rubber garments, about 150 of them. And I have plenty of time to enjoy it; working as a consultant on long-term projects, I can decide when I want to work and when I want to relax in rubber.

My favorite way to relax is to dress in a few rubber garments after lunch and work on my computer for a few hours.

By about 4 p.m. I am usually so hot and turned on that I call my answering service and tell them that I have an errand to run. Then I go upstairs, put on a latex hood and a gasmask, two or three rubber raincoats and several rubber capes. I step into the very large and deep bathtub I installed and struggle into a tight, heavy rubber bag.

I have built myself an electronic timer, which I plug into the wall and hang up inside the bathtub. It is a strong, sealed box, which contains the key to a padlock. I set the time I want to stay in rubber - two hours usually - and close the lid. There is now no way I can open the box. After the set time expires, the lid pops open and the key drops out on a long, thin chain.

After I set and hang up the timer I lay down in the tub, pull the straps attached to the bag around my legs and zip up the bag from the inside. I can now see very little, the hoods of the raincoats and capes are drawn tightly over my gasmask. Inside the rubber bag and underneath the rubber capes I now put on a pair of rubber handcuffs and padlock them to a chain secured to the inside of the ankle strap of the rubber bag.

With some effort I can move one hand through the rubber cape arm-slits and through a slit in the rubber bag and reach the hot and cold water controls and the push-buttons for a steam generator. I can operate the drain with my feet. In this way I can fill and empty the tub, control the temperature of the water and turn the steam on and off, but I have to stay encased in rubber until the set time expires.

I masturbate through the many layers of rubber; I have found that a soft "stuffer" around my penis lets me masturbate for an hour before I come. Sometimes I use a thin, folded-up rubber garment as a stuffer, sometimes twenty or so slightly inflated balloons or a box full of disposable rubber gloves. With the timer set for two hours, I am "forced" to enjoy two or three slow and deep orgasms.

So, a few weeks ago, I stepped into the bathtub at 4 p.m. and set the timer, this time for three hours.  By 5 p.m. I was relaxed, very hot and had my first orgasm.  Now I was desperate to cool down; I was in the process of finding my way through the slits of the rubber capes and the rubber bag when both the light and the steam generator turned off.  I continued my struggle to reach the controls with one hand. I turned on the cold water for the shower and opened the drain.  I was slowly beginning to cool down.

Clearly, the electricity has turned off.  No problem, the water heater was gas fired and I didn't need any light.  But then it dawned on me that without electric power my timer was stuck. The timer would continue to run only after the electricity came back on and then it had another two hours to go. I was stuck here, tied up in massive rubber. There was no way for me to get out.

At least I had control over the temperature. After a while I turned off the cold water. Half an hour later I drained the bathtub and filled it with warm water. I was now in complete darkness. The only thing I could do is masturbate, which I did.

Then I let myself come, turned on the cold shower and drained the tub. When I was quite cold, I started the cycle again. I did this for 14 hours, all through the night. Though I was in complete darkness, I was comfortable. I had never been in rubber for such a long time and the fact that I was tied up in massive rubber against my will heightened the pleasure.

It started getting light, but the power was still out. Finally, at 10 a.m. the electricity came back on. A few minutes before noon the timer lid suddenly popped open and the key fell out. I reached through the slits, pulled the key chain inside and unlocked myself. It took me another 15 minutes to get out of the rubber.

I had been tied up in rubber for 20 hours and wearing it for 23.

Exhausted,  I went to sleep; I didn't wake up until the following morning.

The next day I converted my timer to battery operation.
