---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Angie and Jenny's Mummy
authors:
- Jennifer
tags:
- FF/m
- hotel
- drug
- wrap
- saran
- tape
- cocoon
- gag
- bond
- fem
- photo
- hum
- revenge
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2005-09-09 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 1**

Greg Matthews enjoyed being a company
rep, especially with the freedom of activity that came with being away
all over the country for weeks at a time. He was a pretty athletic sort
of individual, well built, but given more to personal prowess rather than
being one of his company’s sales team, and possessed of a streak of male
vanity that almost begged a challenge from the fates. And one day the fates
decided to answer the challenge.

His moment of truth came late one
Friday afternoon when he’d finished the week by concluding an exceptionally
profitable deal with a large company in Manchester, and knew that he’d
just earned himself around £30,000 in commission on a deal. So he
was justifiably very pleased with himself, and decided to give himself
a little treat. Rather than return to London that night, he decided to
spend the weekend indulging himself in what Manchester had to offer. And
Manchester was more than willing to oblige.

A man who was both fit and vain
about his athletic appearance, he arrived back at his hotel that Friday
night in a very good mood, and decided to work out in the hotel’s gym and
sauna before taking a shower and sprucing himself up for the weekend. It
was a well equipped gym, and attracted well endowed people. The men were
mostly young, strong, good looking and healthy, and the girls matched their
masculine attraction with an attraction of their own. They were gorgeous.
Feminine without a shadow of a doubt. Muscular in all the right places,
well aware of their inherent good looks, and with just that hint of feminist
confidence that challenges any man to try and match them. Poor Greg, he
was outmatched from the beginning, although he wouldn’t know that until
it was far too late.

So unaware of the overall situation,
he went about his business, blithely unaware that he had already caught
the particular attention of two young women who were just as proud of their
physique as Greg was. And that was where his judgement was his downfall.
Greg was a male chauvinist through and through, and nothing pleased him
more than making women seem physically weak in comparison to men.

Greg took up position close to two
particularly attractive girls, one blonde and one brunette, who were working
out on some weight training. Seeing his chance for some fun, he deliberately
did the same, except with considerably heavier weights. He went through
his usual routine with a short barbell in each hand, and after a short
while his comments began.

‘Hi girls’ he said with a grin,
‘When are you going to stop using the children’s weights? My little sister
could do better than that.’ He knew full well that the weights they were
using would have in fact given even him some difficulty, so it wasn’t surprising
when the blonde snapped back ‘And why don’t you stick that barbell where
it belongs?’

Greg chuckled, knowing that he’d
struck a sensitive spot, and the brunette said to her companion ‘Oh don’t
humour him Angie, he’s not worth it.’

A couple of minutes later, they
put their weights back on the rack and Greg couldn’t resist saying ‘Finished
already? Gee you women give up easily don’t you?’ The brunette was about
to say something, but the blonde quickly stopped her and said ‘Don’t rise
to it Jenny. Come on, let’s go to the pool.’

The two girls headed off to the
hotel swimming pool, and Greg grinned to himself. So the blond was Angie
and the Brunette was Jenny. Could be useful for a pick-up. Poor Greg, he
just didn’t realise that some girls don’t take to teasing, especially from
a male chauvinist with an inflated sense of his attractiveness.

Unable to resist a challenge, Greg
followed the girls, and while they sat on two recliners next to the pool
sipping their iced drinks, he dived in and swam up and down in front of
them, obviously trying to impress. But if he’d heard their conversation
he wouldn’t have felt so comfortable with the idea of trying to pick one
up.

As he pounded impressively up and
down, Angie said ‘You know, there’s a typical male chauvinist pig who still
thinks women are impressed by being insulted, even in fun.’

‘Yes I know what you mean’ replied
Jenny, ‘Just look at him. Now he’s trying to impress us with his swimming
skills. Bet you he tries to pick one of us up.’

‘Some hope of that!’ scoffed Angie.

There was a short pause, and then
Angie said ‘You know what? I reckon someone like that needs to be taught
a lesson. Something to deflate their pride. Something nice and humiliating.’

‘And physically uncomfortable’ grinned
Jenny, ‘Like itching powder in his bed.’

The girls giggled at such a schoolgirl
idea, but then Angie said ‘Well why don’t we do something?’

‘You mean something both humiliating
and uncomfortable?’

‘Sure.’

‘Well I like the idea, but what?’

‘Oh, I don’t know, there must be
something we can do to him. Let’s have a think.’

The two girls sipped their drinks
in silent thought while the unsuspecting Greg continued pounding up and
down the pool with one eye on them all the time.

It probably took about five minutes
before Angie broke into a broad grin and said ‘Just a minute, I’ve got
a great idea that will be both humiliating and uncomfortable, but it will
take a little planning.’

‘Really?’ said Jenny, ‘What do you
have in mind?’

Angie giggled and began to explain
her plan. As she continued, the expression on Jenny’s face gradually changed
from curiosity to outright mirth, and eventually she burst out laughing.
‘Oh Angie, you’re a genius!’ she said, ‘Where on earth did you get such
an idea?’

‘Off the internet’ grinned Angie.
‘You’d be amazed at some of the stuff that’s on some websites. All right,
let’s do it, but I reckon It’ll take about twenty four hours to put together
what we need, so I suggest we do it tomorrow night.’

‘Great. But we’d better make sure
he won’t have left by then.’

‘Don’t worry, I know one of the
hotel staff. Jimmy will be able to tell me how many nights our little male
chauvinist pig is booked in for.’

‘This is going to be hilarious’
chuckled Jenny. Perhaps for them, but not for Greg. It was going to be
one of the worst experiences of his life.

**Chapter 2**

Meanwhile, Greg was blissfully unaware
that he’d now been marked down as a hunted quarry, and Angie and Jenny
were both Diana, the goddess of the hunt. But to catch their quarry a trap
had to be set, and these two girls were experts.

They spent the next day shopping
for the items they would need, and by the evening, their preparations were
complete.

Greg had spent a few hours visiting
a couple of clients, but his day was an easy one, and he arrived back at
the hotel early in plenty of time for his usual session in the gym. He
was disappointed not to see the girls there, but hoped to perhaps corner
them later. Little did he realise that it was they who were going to do
the cornering.

Greg followed his workout with a
shower upstairs in his en suite bathroom, and after a short lie down on
the bed, dressed himself and set off down to the hotel bar for a pre dinner
aperitif. He sat at the bar contemplating his gin and tonic, and with a
self-satisfied feeling about his sudden economic windfall, lazily contemplated
the menu. He felt a little self indulgent, and decided on a dozen oysters
followed by a New York cut porterhouse steak, and finishing with a cheese
platter washed down with a bottle of Australian Shiraz Cabernet. An hour
and a half later his hunger was well sated, and he decided to move back
to the bar, where he sat down at a table by himself and ordered a double
brandy with a pot of coffee. Still contemplating his financial windfall,
he smiled to himself with satisfaction as he sipped on his brandy.

But it’s very easy to empty a glass
of brandy if you’re not careful, and before he’d finished his first cup
of coffee, Greg’s glass needed refilling. Unfortunately for him, Angie
was there watching him, and only too willing to correct that anomaly.

She certainly was good looking,
and knew how to use her talents. Attractive, intelligent and tantalisingly
aloof, she held a university degree. She was a fun loving and sociable
extrovert, but one of her pet hates was arrogant male chauvinists. It was
almost her private crusade in life to make fools of such people, and she’d
developed an exceptional talent for coming up with ideas for humiliating
them. Greg was about to join a brotherhood of unfortunate predecessors.

As he sipped on his coffee, Greg
looked at his empty brandy glass and suddenly saw a slender female hand
place a glass of liqueur brandy next to it. He looked up, and a beautiful
pair of eyes met his as a wonderful silky voice said ‘I hate seeing a man
with an empty glass. It was the Remy Martin wasn’t it?’ He should have
known better, but then, we all should have at times like this. She was
gorgeous, a free Cognac was in front of him, and Greg couldn’t believe
his luck. It was her! The mountain had come to Mahomet.

You can hardly blame him for falling
into her trap. There she was, standing over him in a beautifully cut brief
but decent cocktail dress, a rather large glass of cognac in one hand,
and another drink in the other. So how could Greg refuse? Well to cut a
long story short, he didn’t of course. Who would? But he should have remembered
the wisdom of the old adage Beware of Greeks bearing gifts. Forgetting
that saying was about to cost him dear.

‘May I sit down?’ she said.

‘Yes of course, please do’ replied
the delighted Greg, and she eased herself into the seat next to him.

Angie introduced herself, and told
him she was staying at the hotel with a friend. ‘I know’ said Greg, ‘I
saw you yesterday in the gym. Sorry about the ribbing, I just can’t stop
myself sometimes, it’s just my sense of humour.’

‘Oh that’s all right’ laughed Angie,
pleased to set her victim at ease so quickly.

At that moment Jenny came into the
room, and giving Angie a friendly wave, came over to join them. Angie introduced
her, and the two girls soon lulled Greg into a sense of false security.
They pretended to have completely forgotten the unfortunate little incident
in the gym, and Angie seemed to be capable of talking about almost any
subject that Greg cared to mention. And as their conversation continued,
Greg had the distinct impression that spending the night with her was on
her mind as much as it was on his.

After another brandy, Greg began
to feel decidedly drowsy, and had trouble keeping his eyes open. Suddenly
he stood up to go and buy another round of drinks, but as he did so, the
room seemed to spin around him. He flopped back into his chair, and Angie
looked at him with an expression of concern and said, ‘Are you all right? You’ve gone
really pale.’

‘I...I don’t know’ he said groggily,
‘I seem to have come over all dizzy for some reason.’

‘Maybe you’ve had a little too much
to drink. Come on, we’ll help you to your room.’

Greg was in no position to resist,
and the two girls helped him to his feet and walked him to the door.

‘What’s your room number?’ said
Angie.

‘142’ said Greg drowsily, as she
extracted his room key from his jacket pocket.

His room was on the first floor,
and the two athletic girls had no difficulty in getting him there. They
opened the door, deposited him on the bed, and he passed out almost immediately.
Their victim was ready.

‘Well that was easy, wasn’t it?’
grinned Jenny, ‘The stuff you put in his drink sure worked fast. How long
before he comes round?’

‘About an hour or so. I was careful
with the dose, and he should wake up fairly quickly without feeling any
ill effects. But by then he’ll be so helpless he won’t be able to do a
thing.’

‘So what now?’

‘We start to prepare him for our
little bit of fun’ chuckled Angie, ‘He looks pretty athletic, so I think
he should be able to handle it without much ill effect. Just wait here
while I pop up to our room and get all the stuff.’ She went out of the
room, and soon returned with a bag that she quickly emptied out onto the
floor. After locking the door she said ‘Right, let’s get him undressed.’
They set about removing Greg’s clothing, and soon he lay naked on the bed,
ready for his ordeal to begin.

Angie bent down and picked up two
wide rolls of plastic kitchen wrap and gave one to Jenny. ‘OK Jen’ she
said, ‘You’ve seen how they used to wrap up Egyptian mummies haven’t you?
You start at the top, and I’ll work up from his feet. Make sure you wrap
him really tightly and with plenty of layers overlapping on top of each
other. Just keep going round and round his body. I’ll help you secure him
further as soon as I’m done at this end.’

‘No problem’ chuckled Jenny, and
the girls set to work.

About an hour later, Greg began
to come round, and as he opened his eyes he saw Angie bending over him
with a broad smile on her face. ‘How do you feel?’ she said.

‘Not bad’ he said, ‘I must have
passed out or something,’ and went to sit up. That was when he received
his first shock. He couldn’t move. Suddenly his head cleared and he said
‘What the....?’ He looked down at his body and found that he’d been wrapped
in layer after layer of plastic kitchen wrap. And expertly too. First the
girls had wrapped each arm and leg separately with numerous layers of plastic
around them. Then, placing his legs together and his arms straight down
by his sides with his hands flat against his thighs, they had wrapped him
up in a cocoon as securely as any Egyptian mummy. As happens with plastic
wrap, each winding stuck to its neighbouring layer, which made it impossible
for Greg to move his arms and legs at all. It was as if his arms had been
glued to his sides, but far worse was to come.

He tossed his head from side to
side and began squirming, but confined by multiple layers of plastic wrap
that was surprisingly strong, he was unable to resist Angie as she pressed
her hands down on his chest, easily pushing him back down onto the bed.
He suddenly noticed Jenny on his left leaning over him and helping to hold
him down. She bent down over him. ‘So you’re wide awake now are you?’ she
said. ‘Well you just relax and be a good little boy, and don’t give us
any trouble if you know what’s good for you’. Then she applied another
layer of plastic snugly around his neck.

Looking down over his inert body,
Greg realised that in addition to the kitchen wrap he was cocooned in,
Angie had also started wrapping a continuous overlapping band of wide adhesive
electrician’s tape up around his ankles, feet and around his calves. She
straightened out his bound legs, and moved over next to her friend. She
handed her the roll of tape and began feeling over his sides until she
found his hands. ‘Right’ she said in business like fashion, ‘We’ll need
to tape around his upper thighs to secure his hands just above the wrists.’

Greg was still too surprised and
curious to know what they had in mind, so for a moment he simply looked
on in silence. They started winding the tape around him, rolling him from
side to side to get the roll under him, and after five turns they cut the
strip and smoothed the end down. Realising that by now he was already secured
so firmly as to be completely helpless, Greg saw little point in struggling,
so instead he continued his line of questioning. ‘But why are on earth
are you doing this to me?’ he asked.

Angie smiled and looked down at
him as he struggled. ‘Well my friend’ she grinned, ‘We’ve decided that
going by your behaviour since we met you in the gym yesterday, that you’re
one of the most self centered male chauvinists we’ve met. So we’ve decided
to deflate that male ego of yours by making a complete fool of you. It’s
time you were taught a lesson, and we’re going to be your teachers.’

Greg realised that there was no
denying that she was right, but he wasn’t too keen to see the way the girl’s
lesson was going to go.

‘So just what are you going to do
to me?’ he asked anxiously.

‘Oh, all in good time.’ she replied,
‘And don’t worry, we’re not going to hurt you, we’re just going to make
you wish you hadn’t picked on us to insult.’ Turning to Jenny she said
‘Put an extra band around his shoulders, and then add a couple of extra
turns of tape around his elbows and waist for extra security.’ By now it
was obvious that Angie was an expert at what she was doing, and didn’t
miss a trick. Jenny moved over to Greg’s right side, and the two girls
began to wrap the extra bands of tape securely around him. Soon he was
as thoroughly secured as a fly wrapped up by a spider.

‘Right’ said Angie, ‘Time for the
first photos I think.’ She went to a small bag and took out a camera, and
coming back to Greg’s helpless form on the bed, began to take pictures
of him. Full-length, detailed close-ups, and especially showing his face.
‘There we are’ she grinned. ‘And that’s just the start of our photo record.
Now let’s continue.’

If Greg wasn’t completely helpless
before, he certainly was by now, and for a moment he panicked. Jerking
and squirming helplessly, he took a quick deep breath before trying to
yell for help. But Jenny was ready for that as she immediately placed one
hand over his mouth and the other hand behind his head, clamping it in
a vice like grip. ‘Oh no you don’t’ she chuckled. Then her eyes lit up
and she grinned. ‘I know!’ she said, ‘What about the punishment pacifier
we bought at that shop today?’

‘Oh yes of course’ giggled Angela,
‘I thought we might need it. Hang on, I’ve got it here.’

She went to her bag and took something
out which she held up teasingly in front of Greg’s face where he could
see it. It was an oversized baby’s dummy with an oval pink plastic circular
mouth cover and a ring at the front. The large silicone rubber bulb was
obviously designed to protrude into the mouth, and there were two long
pink ribbons threaded through holes in the mouth cover of the dummy to
secure it in place. Greg stared at it in fascinated disbelief for a moment
before Angie grinned and said ‘Come on now, open your mouth nice and wide,
there’s a good boy.’

Not surprisingly, he immediately
clamped his mouth shut tightly, reluctant to have the humiliating baby’s
dummy in his mouth. ‘No?’ said Angie, ‘Going to be difficult are you? Well
we’ll see about that. Hold his nose Jenny. Ready? Right, now!’ Jenny held
Greg’s nose closed with her fingers, and as he inevitably opened his mouth
to breath, Angie quickly forced the huge rubber bulb of the dummy deep
into his mouth, filling it completely. Jenny held his head still while
Angie wound the dummy’s securing ribbons tightly round the back of his
head and to the front again several times before tying them in a non-slip
bow at the back.

The additional frustration of being
so humiliatingly gagged brought an automatic attempt by Greg to voice his
protest, but with the silicon rubber bulb completely filling his mouth
and holding down his tongue, all he could manage was a subdued, muffled
‘Mmmmmmmmmf! Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmp!’ The girls laughed, and Angela chuckled
‘Oh yes, that’ll keep him quiet all right. Now shall we continue?’ Giggling,
the girls continued with Greg’s mummification in earnest.
Angie lifted his feet up and supported
them while Jenny began wrapping tape around his toes, being careful to
completely cover the plastic wrap with overlapping layers of tape as she
wound it around him. ‘Take your time’ said Angie, ‘Keep the wrappings nice
and smooth with a good overlap on each wrap. By the time we’ve finished
I don’t want to see any of the plastic wrap showing through, OK?’

Greg watched helplessly as she wrapped
his feet and ankles very securely with tape, slowly, deliberately and neatly.
When Angie had finished his feet, Jenny took over the wrapping of the rest
of his legs. As the tape wound around his calves and up past his knees,
he sensed that she had a different technique. Her wrapping was quick, steady
and confident, and she was obviously learning from Angie quickly. She maintained
a steady tension on the tape as it was applied, and was already halfway
up his thighs as he felt the contraction and additional compression of
the tape as it began to tighten around him. Unlike packing tape, which
is dimensionally stable, electrical tape contracts a little when it’s stretched
during application.

Once Jenny had reached up as far
as Greg’s hips, the two girls lifted him up and put two pillows under the
small of his back to allow the tape to be passed under him. As the tape
covered his hips and crutch, it locked his hands even more tightly to his
sides while passing his waist. Greg feared that with the crushing embrace
of the wrap’s contractions, he would have difficulty breathing as the mummification
continued and he knew by now that there was absolutely nothing he could
do to prevent the girls from doing whatever they wished. He was now just
their plaything.

By now, Greg’s arms had been more
or less welded to his sides as the girls wound the tape higher and higher
up past his chest and upper arms. At this point they wound the tape carefully
up over and around his shoulders until finally they stopped when it covered
his neck. Greg mumbled a muffled ‘Mmmmmm! Mmmmmph!’ into his dummy as they
both stepped back to look at their helpless captive to admire their work.
Any body movement was by now almost non-existent.

‘Nearly there’ grinned Angie, ‘That
just leaves his head to be wrapped, but I don’t want his face covered up.
I want him to be able to breathe, and besides, there’s something I want
to do with his face in a minute.’

Delving into her bag, she took out
an old-fashioned girl’s white rubber bathing hat. ‘Now we don’t want to
get that sticky tape stuck in your hair, do we?’ she grinned. Using both
hands, she pulled it down over the top of his head and tucked in his hair
before securing the chin strap with a press stud that held it in position.
The bathing hat was slightly too small for him, so it was a tight fit,
and once it was in place, his jaws were clamped even more tightly shut.
This compressed the dummy gag even more, as the large rubber bulb pressed
his tongue firmly down on the floor of his mouth. He was utterly silenced.

‘Now for the wrapping’ she chuckled,
and picking up another roll of the broad adhesive  tape, she began
to wind it around Greg’s rubber covered head in neat overlapping windings
that soon extended from under his chin to high up his cheeks, clamping
his jaws tightly shut.

The only part of Greg’s skin that
was now not covered in a thick layer of kitchen wrap and plastic tape was
his face, and the girls stopped wrapping to admire their handiwork. They
ran their hands over the smooth, plastic encased mummy before them. By
now they were obviously quite satisfied with their handiwork, but they
still hadn’t finished yet.

‘All right’ said Angie, picking
up a long piece of rope from the pile on the floor, ‘Now let’s tie him
to the bed.’

She doubled the rope and wound it
several times round Greg’s ankles before tying it tightly and securely.
Once she’d knotted it, she ran the two trailing ropes from the knot down
to each corner of the bottom of the bed, and pulling them tight, tied them
to the two bedposts.

Next came his legs. She again doubled
a long rope and tied it tightly around his legs just above the knee. Then
she ran the two trailing ends one to each side of the bed, and tied them
off.

His waist was next, where the rope
ran around both his waist and wrists, encased by now in a thick layer of
kitchen wrap and thick tape. Tying it tightly around him, she again ran
the two trailing ropes from the knot to each side of the bed, and tied
them off securely.

‘Now then’ said Angie, ‘Before we
finish tying you down there’s just one other thing we must do to reduce
that male chauvinist ego of yours. We’re going to make you look pretty.’
Puzzled, Greg didn’t realise just what she meant by that, but he soon found
out. Angie went to her bag, and took out a small leather case that she
set down on the bed and opened. It was a well equipped make-up case.

‘Right Jenny,’ grinned Angie, ‘Hold
his head still while I make him look like a little girl. This is going
to be fun!’

Penny hopped up onto the top end
of the bed, and kneeling down, trapped Greg’s head between her knees. Then
she pressed his forehead down with the palms of her hands so that he couldn’t
move his head an inch.

‘Now we all know how little girls
just love to be made up don’t we?’ smiled Angie, ‘So let’s start with your
eyes.’ Leaning forward with a waterproof eyeliner pencil, she carefully
began to apply it, and soon Greg had deep black lines along the edges of
his eyelids. ‘Now we’ll make her eyelashes nice and pretty’ she chuckled.
Greg could only lie there motionless while his upper and lower eyelashes
were coated with five coats of jet black waterproof mascara. ‘Oh yes’ grinned
Angie, ‘Very nice. Eyebrows next I think, extra specially girly ones. Hold
him extra tight Jenny, I want to get them nice and arched.’ Greg was horrified
to see her uncap a thick black permanent marker, and Jenny felt him trying
to struggle, but she easily held his forehead still, his head clamped tightly
between her knees.

Angie carefully drew with the marker,
and a few seconds later, Greg had thick, jet black lines arching high above
each eye. ‘What pretty eyebrows’ laughed Jenny, ‘I don’t think I’ve ever
seen them that arched on a bloke before. Much nicer’ she chuckled.

‘Now close your eyes Greg’ commanded
Angie, ‘These pink and blue markers may sting a bit.’ Having no wish to
damage his eyes by getting the pungent smelling marking ink in them, he
did as he was told and closed them. Angie began to colour in his eyelids
with the bright blue marker, and then his upper eyelids with the bright
pink marker, the indelible inks soaking into his skin. Finally she then
drew a large, bright pink patch high up on each of his cheeks. ‘Little
girls always have rosy cheeks’ she laughed, ‘So you’ll be no exception.’

Greg began to squirm in his tight
restraints and moaned into the dummy as he began to realise just how difficult
it was going to be to remove the grotesque parody of a little girl’s face
he’d just acquired. His struggles were gleefully noticed by the girls,
and Sue chuckled ‘Don’t worry little girl, I haven’t forgotten your lipstick.
I’ve got a nice permanent red marker here for that.’ Working carefully
under and around the mouth plate of the dummy, Angie carefully painted
his lips with the bright red marker. Greg grunted and winced as she went
to work, but could do nothing as bit by bit his lips were turned bright
red with indelible marker ink.

Angie straightened up, looked down
at Greg’s face, and said ‘There we are, done. Doesn’t he look pretty?’
Jenny leaped off the bed, looked at Greg, and fell about with laughter.
‘He certainly does, doesn’t he?’ she giggled, the tears of mirth running
down her face, ‘If he could only see himself!’

‘Well he will in a minute’ grinned
Angie, ‘But I’ll just finish off by securing his neck first. Then I think
we’re done.’

She picked up a wide leather collar,
and leaning over Greg, she buckled it around his neck securely, but not
tightly enough to risk choking him. Then she took one more piece of long
rope, attached it to a steel D ring on the collar, and ran the two ends
up to the two top corners of the bed, where she pulled them taught and
tied them to the bedpost. Then she stood back to admire their handiwork.

‘There we are’ she grinned with
her arms folded triumphantly, ‘One smart arse male chauvinist pig who doesn’t
look quite so smart any more. Quite the reverse in fact.’

‘What a delightful punishment for
his errant ways’ smiled Jenny, ‘And if he could only see what he looks
like!’

‘Oh yes of course’ chuckled Angie,
‘Here, help me carry that mirror off the dressing table over here so he
can see.’

The girls lifted the mirror off
its stand, and carried it across to the bed. Then they held it up above
Greg’s head so that he could see his face.

His reaction was everything they
could have hoped for. Greg looked in the mirror and was devastated by what
he saw. His face looked utterly ridiculous with garish drawn on eyebrows,
bright red lipstick, rosy pink cheeks, and black rimmed eyes peeping out
from behind thick black lashes and blue and pink eyelids. The crowning
glory was the large pink plastic dummy over his mouth, while he stared
wide-eyed and inarticulate over it.

Seeing what the girls had done to
him, Greg jerked and squirmed helplessly in his plastic cocoon, barely
able to move a muscle. He yelled into his dummy, but a barely audible faint
gurgle was all that came out. He wriggled, jerked and writhed for a full
few minutes, until his struggles faded away with exhaustion and he lay
there panting.

‘Well that seems to be most satisfactory’
grinned Angie as they put down the mirror, ‘But I must take a few more
pictures to complete my little photo gallery. Especially some portraits
of his pretty face.’ She picked up her camera and began taking more photos,
being particularly sure to get some clear ones of Greg’s grotesquely made-up
face.

Finally satisfied that she had enough,
she packed away her camera, and going over to Greg’s jacket, she took out
his wallet and diary and wrote down some notes on a piece of paper. That
done, she replaced them in his pocket and came back to the bed where the
helpless Greg lay. She put her hands on her hips, grinned, and said ‘Well
there you are, that’s your reward for your male chauvinism. Perhaps this
will teach you not to try mixing it with a couple of capable feminists
like Jenny and myself.’ Then, almost as a casual afterthought she said
‘Oh by the way, I suppose you’re wondering what happens next. Well this
is the really fun bit. We’re going to leave you here like this, all trussed
up and helpless, with that gorgeously ridiculous face. I must admit, you
look just like a little girl of four who’s been playing with mummy’s make-up!’

‘Anyway, we’re going to hang the
DO NOT DISTURB notice on the outside doorknob of your room, and we’ll leave
instructions with the management that you’re not to be disturbed for forty
eight hours. By that time I guess you’ll be fully repentant of your attitude
to women, and will have learnt your lesson. And just one other thing, you
may have felt something bulky between your legs. In case you’re wondering
what it is, it’s a large sized disposable nappy, just in case of any little
accidents. I’ve no doubt that it will be soaking wet in a little while,
so by the time someone releases you you’ll probably have a severe case
of nappy rash. What a lovely thought’ she giggled.

‘Oh yes’ she added, ‘And the cream
on the cake is that I’m going to email all those lovely photos of you to
your office and to all the email addresses listed in your diary. With explanatory
notes of course. I imagine you’ll have quite a lot of explaining to do,
especially about those lovely pictures of your face, they’re absolutely
hilarious.’

With a final burst of laughter she
looked at her watch. ‘Well we must be off’ she said, and picking up her
bag, added ‘So we’ll leave you to it. Have a nice couple of day’s rest
Greg, and have fun. Goodbye, and don’t get into any mischief will you?’ The girls gave Greg a final
playful little wave, left the room, and locked the door behind them.

Greg lay completely still and silent
while he contemplated his situation. He could hardly believe that two females
had so easily overcome him and placed him in this diabolically humiliating
position. After a short while he decided to test his restraints, and began
to squirm inside his tight plastic cocoon. Gradually he became hotter as
he wriggled and writhed with ever increasing frustrated desperation, but
the ropes Angie had tied him down with so expertly held him rigidly in
position, and the sweat poured down his face and into his eyes as he struggled.

In the vain hope that a passer by
in the corridor outside might perhaps hear him, Greg  decided to try
calling out. Pressing his tongue against the large rubber bulb filling
his mouth, he pushed hard and attempted to spit it out, but the unyielding
ribbons wound tightly around his head ensured that the dummy remained firmly
in his mouth. He bit as hard as he could into the bulb of the dummy, hoping
to perhaps bite it off, but that too was hopeless. The tough silicone rubber
bulb was specifically designed to resist both the sharpest teeth and the
strongest bite, as it persistently filled his mouth and firmly held down
his tongue.

Frustrated by this fruitless effort,
Greg tried once more yelling into the dummy as loudly as he could, but
it muffled his every sound as he continued to twist and writhe against
his unyielding restraints.

Eventually his struggles became
more and more spasmodic as he began to realise that he was going to be
there for a full forty eight hours until he was discovered and released
by one of the hotel staff. Gradually he subsided into a sort of stupor
as he almost became used to his uncomfortable and humiliating immobilisation,
and eventually he even fell asleep for a while.

As Angie and Jenny had intended,
he stayed put for forty eight hours, which was plenty of time for him to
reflect on his chauvinistic attitude to women. And when he was at last
discovered and released by an incredulous member of the hotel staff, he’d
certainly learnt his lesson. He never teased a woman like that again!

On his arrival back at work he was
greeted with a plethora of sniggers and taunts, especially from the girls.
As she’d promised, Angie had accompanied the photos with a full description
of her little lesson, and it sent shivers down the spine of every male
chauvinist in the company. Greg had set an example that none of them ever
intended to ever follow, so Angie and Jenny would have been well satisfied.

THE END
