---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/spandex/storiesak/janicesnipplemont.html
subcategory: Maid-bot Stories
title: Janice's NippleMont
authors:
- MrHymie
tags:
- Solo-F
- spandex
- catsuit
- nanotech
- nipples
- hum
- stares
- arousal
- desire
- mc
- mast
- climax
- blackout
- reset
- caught
- video
- revenge
- F/f
- cons/nc
- X
date: 2017-07-02 00:00:00
---

**Chapter 1**

Janice couldn't understand why this was happening.

She stood in front of the mirror in the ladies' washroom. Everything seemed normal. Her long, flowing alburn hair was in place, its tresses resting against her shoulders.

Her makeup, minimalistic as it was, highlighted her pale, traditional redheaded skin with mild freckling. A small amount of eye liner, and lush, red coloured lips.

Her light green, pullover stretch dress, hose and heels were all in place... and, they augmented her reasonable, and well placed curves nicely yet in a muted, business friendly fashion.
And while her chest wasn't the largest out there, her breasts were just enough to keep a man interested. Yet, that was part of the problem.

For the last week, no matter what she tried or what she did or wore, it seemed that her nipples showed through her clothing in an almost permanent highlight. In fact, when she walked into the washroom to check, she could clearly see them from the door. Large, well defined, it was almost as if nothing was covering her nipples at all!

The stares she had been getting had been, naturally, over the top. Men's eyes, eyes which normally would pay homage to her with a passing glance, were now riveted to her chest. In any scenario she found herself in now, she would find that even women seemed to have their gaze drawn to her nubile nubs.

And Janice? Janice certainly had experience in public speaking. She held meetings, in her role as office manager, and had no difficulty in interacting with others. In fact, to others, she seemed quite friendly and outgoing.

But it wasn't always this way. She was a shy child, a shy teenager, and only by struggling and working at it, had she found herself opening up in University.

Yet this? This seemed to have broken down those barriers, those new found strengths. And Janice? Janice felt so very exposed. Naked. Constantly on display. And the more they stared, the more intensely people started at her chest, her immense shyness, and feelings of inadequacy had flooded back with a vengeance.

And worst of all? Those feelings, those immense feelings that washed over her seemed to have another effect.

Arousal.

It was manageable, but she most certainly noticed it. As they stared, she was humiliated, felt exposed and naked before their eyes, and she grew aroused. She felt a mild panic, she wanted to hide, but how does one hide when in plain sight? And, as she struggled with mankind's old fight or flight adrenaline pressure, her blood pressure rose, her heart beat increased, she became flushed... and, presumably as that response was a close cousin to the signs of arousal... that humiliation and body response flipped a switch deep in her psyche.

And here she was again, in the washroom. Nipples erect, firm, and presented to the world in all their glory.

Janice shuddered with a flush of arousal.

Why was this happening to her!
This morning she took extra care. She used a padded bra, and even wore those sticky 'nipple covers', designed to hide even the most rebellious nipples from view.

And yet? Her ministrations seem to be of absolutely no use. There seemed to be no way to hide, to cover them.

Again Janice felt a course of arousal run down her spine, and clenched her fists. She \*had\* to get a hold of this, to get a hold of herself!

She thought back over the last week. To before last week. She could think of no change of diet, no change of habit that might be causing this. And, a few days ago she visited her doctor -- nothing was amiss. Nothing was physically wrong with her. She just...

She just couldn't stop nipping out!

Angry, she crossed her arms, but was met with a brash reminder of how wrong of an idea that was. Before last week, her nipples were -- she supposed, normally sensitive.
But whether from their constantly erect state, or whether from other factors, touching them seemed to invariably result in an immense flush of pleasure. In fact, this thought reminder her of the first time she noticed her nipples in their new, ongoing state.

She was on a bus, standing, and noticed them popping out on a reflection of the bus window. Embarrassed, she immediately crossed her arms over her breasts to hide them.

Only to have a rush of arousal, a flush flow up her body, and a heat fly into her clit as a result. Worst of all, she immediately pulled her arms away from her chest, which created the appearance of her thrusting her chest forward and out -- and stared at them.

The effect of that seemingly purposeful display of her nipples was electric on observing passengers on the bus, their eyes flying to her nipples, which was when she first noticed how such feelings of vulnerability and humiliation effected her.

She wasn't 5 minutes inside her apartment that night, before she was naked and in bed with her favourite vibrator.

**Chapter 2**

Finally, home! Home after tonight's once again humiliating, arousing bus ride. Home after the stares as she walked to her apartment. Home, after her neighbours stared in the elevator.

Finally, at home.

Naked, she examined her bra. It was still padded! It was 1" thick! Her nipple covers were even still on, and her nipples even appeared flat. She ripped them off in disgust.

It made no sense! It was absolutely maddening!

What could possibly cause....

Janice's eyes flew wide open, and an overpowering, intense rush of arousal exposed itself as a deep, red blush that covered her face, and chest. 'Oh God! Oh God', she thought! 'I.. I, I did this to myself! This is my fault!'

As wave after wave of humiliation hit her, humiliation at she being the cause of this embarrassing, unrelenting predicament, she leaned against the wall and slowly slid to the floor as one hand pulled on her nipples, and her other hand flew deep into her pussy to relieve the intense arousal she was feeling.

"No!", she thought!

"I have to stop it before it resets, before...", but she was too far gone. Her arousal seemed to ratchet up again, and again, and again, and she simply couldn't keep her hands off herself. She was completely and utterly out of control.

And she knew. She knew, that like every other night this last week, that it would keep her so aroused, so out of control, that she would be unable to keep her hands off herself. She would orgasm again, and again and again... eventually passing out.

And when she woke? She would recall nothing of this. And again, her mind would not know why.

"Oh God!", she screamed out loud, her voice cracking with lust, arousal, and humiliation, "Why did I do this to myself! Why did I say yes!!!".

And as those words reverberated around the walls, her arousal flew still higher at their meaning.

**Chapter 3**

Janice awoke and stretched with a yawn. She felt very relaxed.

Certainly, one thing about the last week was that she had no trouble sleeping. In fact, she seemed to come home, go to sleep, and the next thing she knew she'd wake feeling more refreshed and relaxed than most other points in her life.

Until, as now, it hit her. Her "problem".

She sat up, and looked down at her chest. It, and her nipples appeared normal. It had to be a dream. There was no way she still had a job, if she had been in that state yesterday.

It was ridiculous.

But, a little put off by her dream yesterday, she started by picking out her most padded bra. After putting on a blouse and skirt, she turned around and looked at the mirror.
"There, see?", she spoke to her image. Everything was fine. No nipping out. Nothing wrong. Everything in place.

She readied herself for work, and left for the bus stop. With a steady pace, she was there in a few minutes. She entered the shelter, and waited. Yet, something disquieted her.

As she was waiting, she noticed that people seemed to be looking in her direction. Was it just her being over-sensitive, after her dream last night? She turned, and looked at herself in the glass wall of the shelter.

"NO!", she sputtered, as her jaw dropped. There they were, in all their glory. Large, the predominant element on her chest, her never ending, rebellious nipples! Exposed, oh God, so exposed and large and erect and...

Janice again clenched her fists and fought down that tide of thought. It didn't make any sense!!!! She had checked! She fought her urge to cross her arms across her chest, remembering what that contact would lead to. She felt so exposed. So unable to hide her nipples. So bare, and open, and humiliated by her apparent purposeful exposure to the world, she felt her arousal rachet up and...

Enough, ENOUGH!

She was going to get through this day.

**Chapter 4**

All day, she had existed in a complete state of seething heat and arousal. Hour, after hour, after hour of people staring. Looking. Watching.

Oh God, the humiliation. It was so... why was it so hot?!

And yet now, she was finally at home. Home after tonight's once again humiliating, arousing bus ride. Home after the stares as she walked to her apartment. Home, after her neighbours stared in the elevator.

Finally, at home.

Naked, she examined her bra. It was still padded! It was 1" thick!

It made no sense! It was absolutely maddening!

What could possibly be causing....

Janice's eyes flew wide open, and an overpowering, intense rush of arousal exposed itself as a deep, red blush that covered her face, and chest. 'Oh God! Oh God', she thought! 'I.. I, I did this to myself! This is my fault!'

As wave after wave of humiliation hit her, humiliation at she being the cause of this embarrassing, unrelenting predicament, she leaned against the wall and slowly slid to the floor as one hand pulled on her nipples, and her other hand flew deep into her pussy to relieve the intense arousal she was feeling.

"No! No, it keeps happening the same every day!", she thought!

"I have to get it off before it resets, before...", but she was too far gone. Her arousal seemed to ratchet up again, and again, and again, and she simply couldn't keep her hands off herself. She was completely and utterly out of control.

And she knew. She knew, that like every other night this last week, it would keep her so aroused, so out of control, that she would be unable to keep her hands off herself. She would orgasm again, and again and again... eventually passing out.

And when she woke? She would recall nothing of this. And again, her mind would not know why.

"Why!", she screamed out loud, her voice cracking with lust, arousal,and humiliation, "Why did I do this to myself! Why did I say yes!!!".

And as those words reverberated around the walls, her arousal flew still higher at their meaning.

**Chapter 5**

Two Weeks Ago

Janice, like most of the rest of her fellow employees, had been invited to a party. More of a gathering really, where her fellow employees would meet with the employees of the company they were merging with.

Everyone, Janice included, were nervous about loosing their jobs. Everyone knew what happened when two companies merged.

Layoffs. Layoffs, for 'efficiency'.

She looked around the large, auditorium sized room that everyone had gathered in. Her company's headquarters didn't have such large spaces, so they had all met in their soon to be corporate headquarters. The new headquarters of their now-merged corporate powerhouse.

Janice had a bit of a thing for bondage, and had become a bit.. excited when she had started to read some of the design files from Radson's R&D department. One thing that interested her most intensely, was their 're-constructive surgery recovery suit'.

She remembered reading the docs...

Designed to provide an environment for burn victims, or to aid in the restoration of nerve function and shaping after large-scale organic repair, our new med-suit will use nanotech and modern methods of fabrication to enable a skin tight fit.

The med-suit will act as a second skin, allowing any damaged skin to regrow safely underneath. For aesthetic reasons, and also as the suit is only a few microns thick, it becomes entirely translucent after being worn a few hours. In as it merges with the upper layer of skin, comfort and ease of wear are unparalleled.

Clinical trials showed that most patients were eventually unaware that they were even wearing a suit, and could not detect it via eye or touch. In fact, only microscopic examination provides any evidence of its placement, allowing for the ultimate in assurances that clients will be ascetically pleased with the results.

With its ability to regenerate nerve tissue, to block pain receptors, and aid in shaping after re-constructive surgery, we are positive at the med-suit has great income potential for Radson for years to come.

That was as far as she managed to get, before realising just what potential this suit had. She could just imagine wearing an extra tight version of the suit. To be entirely encased in tight, restrictive clothing -- the ultimate latex or spandex catsuit, yet no one would know!
She would even be able to ratchet down her waist, and finally have that perfect hourglass figure she'd been wanting for so long.

And so, with a lull in the festivities, she snuck off to look for the R&D department.

**Chapter 6**

Today, Morning

Janice gentle woke, her eyes still closed. She felt so rested, so relaxed, and she didn't want to leave her bed. But then? Then her eyes flew open.

"It had to be a dream!", she thought. There was no way anyone's nipples could behave in such a fashion, and with her tenancy for erotic dreams and slight kinkiness?

Well, she pushed these thoughts to the back of her head, and proceeded to get ready for the day.

After her morning rituals, she left ready for work. Smartly dressed in professionally cut knee length skirt and silk blouse, her legs were encapsulated in tan hose and smart, 1" heels. She looked the picture of decorum, most likely overcompensating, as she was still somewhat unsettled by her dream. She even wore a thickly padded bra, just in case.

After an uneventful bus ride, she exited the bus and soon found herself entering her office, noting the workmen updating the look to match the new, merged corporate entity. Yet, as she walked past them, she couldn't help but notice how some of them stared at her chest intensely.

Slightly concerned, and once she exited the elevator on her floor, she made a bee-line for the bathroom. As she entered, she stumbled and dropped her carry all... as confusion reigned in her mind.

Her... her breasts! They...? How could!? They were easily a full cup size larger than normal, and her nipples?

They seemed massive, triple their size, and drew all attention from her entire upper body to them. Somehow, you could even see the bumps on her areola, circling her nipple. She flushed, with a surge of humiliation and exposure. She crossed her arms across her chest, a reflex action, only to pull them away with a hiss and a slight stagger.

Hands and arms spread wide, she stared down at her chest with a hunted, haunted look, eyes darting left to right she blurted out, "How can it be true, it was just a dream!"

She didn't know what to do. Anything touching or covering her nipples seemed to cause an intense burst of arousal. Her breasts seemed massive to her, her nipples so exposed, and she swore she could almost feel the air on them.

And they ached with each heartbeat. A deep, throbbing ache which seemed to almost tweak and pinch them each time.

She squeezed her legs together, fought the tide of deepening arousal, her fists clenched and arms now at her side. In a flight of panicked thought, she considered things as best she could. Yet, a damning notion came to her mind. A horrible idea.

Here she was, wearing a padded bra and her blouse. Bizarrely, THOSE could cover her. Yet if she tried to hide her nipping out, her nipples of doom as they showed through her bra and shirt?

She was prevented!

It was almost as if it was on purpose, as if she was supposed to look like an exhibitionist. Like something wanted to create the impression that she intended to show her nipples to the whole world. To all who saw her, it seemed that she craved the attention, that she was yelling "Please look!", that she wanted men to look, to stare, to have their eyes riveted on her nipples and breasts as they swayed and moved and ....

Oh God, she couldn't take it. The humiliation of it all! She didn't realise she had such exhibitionist tendencies. And the humiliation only seemed to make it worse.

She looked down at her blouse, and tried to pull it away from her nipples, her chest. If she could just get some space between her bra and shirt, then perhaps she could hide her condition.
Yet with the size of her breasts now, it wasn't to be. Her shirt was tight against her chest, and no matter how she pulled and moved it... her nipples would not be denied their day in the sun.

She felt so .. panicked. A desire to flee. Adrenaline flowed through her veins, and with it arousal. She HAD to get out of there. Leave the building, go home, call in sick, anything, she couldn't be seen like this.

She grabbed her carry all, turned around, ripped open the door and exited the bathroom in a desperate, rapid walk. Regardless of her intentions, her speed and distracted state resulted in her instead, walking nipples first directly into Bob. The effect was like lightning. She could feel her nipples burrowing into his chest, her breasts in their new largeness compressed against him, and as she looked up at his face, she saw one thing.

His eyes were riveted on her chest with a look of lust.

She panicked, and tried to pull away. But Bob had instinctively reached up and steadied her by the elbows when she ran into him, and her attempt to pull away only lead to her raking her nipples left and right across his chest, as she twisted and turned.

Pleasure, intense mind numbing pleasure burst forth, and she shuddered in her arousal. Which caused her nipples to leap up and down against his chest. Startled, astonished, in full out panic mode, she tried to pull away again, only to have the cycle repeat itself.

It flittered across her mind, what Bob must think. She effectively walked right up to him, and essentially started rubbing her breasts, her nipples, her body all over him. He must think she was such an exhibitionist. It was so humiliating. How would she ever live it down.

Such was the burst of arousal and humiliation that she simply fainted.

**Chapter 7**

Two weeks ago, new Corporate HQ, R&D lab

It had taken Janice a few hours to finally reach the lab. Festivities had lulled after a couple of hours, but people continued to engage her. Small talk, excruciating small talk was the endless result.

How long have you worked here? Who managed whom? I'm married to John, manager of such-and-such, and he was just promoted! Who, when, the list went on.

Finally with her fourth glass of wine in hand, Janice found what she was looking for.

The lab, deep within the basement of new HQ.

Using her employee ID to get inside, she look around. Much of the equipment listed on various manifests was apparent, and as she sat down at a console she immediately found some of the software depicted in test walkthroughs and lab reports.

It was all here!

She started to read. To investigate what one could do with the suits now, compared to reports she had read months ago. And, she started to play.

Configuring this. Modifying that. Changing this or that parameter. Fetish, arousal and desire drove her changes, along with a liberal helping of alcohol.

And as Janice laid out her deepest, darkest, most secret desires, someone watched. Watched through one way glass, in an observation room at the back of the lab. Watched via another console. And as her eyebrows rose higher and higher at Janice's decisions, set decided to act.

**Chapter 8**

Today, Morning

Janice awoke, with something nagging her. A weird dream, to be sure, but she in fact seemed to be drawing a blank for most of yesterday. And the more she thought of it, the more she realised that the last week had been more of a blur than anything.

Soon Janice found herself ready for work, and headed off to her day. Yet as she walked to the bus stop, something was.. wrong. Not quite right. She couldn't put her finger on it, so she stopped in front of a shop and gazed at her reflection in its window.

Relief! Everything was fine! Nothing was amiss! No nipping out, regardless of her dreams. No issues with her breasts. Yet she still had this feeling that something was off, and as she pondered -- she spotted it.

She'd just moistened her lips with her tongue, and the act drew her eyes. Her lips! They looked plumper, far plumper than normal. And so red, yet -- she wasn't even wearing lipstick this morning!

And as she stared at their plumpness she noticed something else. She... she seemed to be licking them a lot? There it was again! Her tongue involuntarily leapt out and moistened them. And as she noticed this she, made a conscious effort to stop.

Yet within a minute, it started. The dryness. They were parched! Like the desert during a heat wave, moisture seemed to instantly evaporate from them! She could actually feel them drying out. They were almost on fire, a deep burning sensation, painful, so dry and hot and parched and if she'd just lick them then...

Her efforts to stop shattered by this overwhelming sense of dryness, her tongue leaped out again and moistened her lips.

Stark, incredible relief! Blessed moisture, and a burst of sexual sensuality at the feeling of running her tongue over her lips. Her red, plump lips. Her lips that even now, she noticed, were in a permanent pucker when she left them alone. Her lips that she couldn't seem to stop moistening.

And as she inadvertently moistened her lips again, she noticed that the act was accompanied by a her face taking on a very clear appearance of sensuality, even a hint of lust -- no doubt brought on by the relief and tactile sensation.

Horrified, Janice couldn't even begin to understand what brought this about. What sort of condition could cause this!?

And now, now that she was aware of her lips, she could feel it. She could feel THEM. Their plumpness, a tightness in them almost, and an underlying current -- just barely noticeable, of sensitivity in their skin. She could feel their plumped up, puckered state.

She tried to unpucker them, to relax them yet failed. She then tried to minimize their appearance -- yet all she succeeded in doing was stimulating them further. As she pressed her lips together tightly, in an attempt to hide their size and inherent pucker, pleasure burst forth.

Defeated in her attempts to hide their state, she took out her hand mirror. Examined them. It looked like she had intentionally put on the deepest, reddest lipstick. Rubbing them only brought back that damnable pleasure, and that colour just wouldn't come off. She was puckering her lips, rolling her tongue around them almost every minute or so, with a wanton look of lust! Even now, she noticed several men staring.

Yet now, with the hand mirror out she noticed something else. Something her lips had distracted her from, with all of their extreme changes and notability. It wasn't just her lips!

Her eyes, too. Well crafted, well laid make-up seemed to highlight her eyes. Black eyeliner. Perfect brows. Extended lashes. All blemishes were gone from her skin, and her eyeslids seemed.... open somehow. Innocent. Her eyes seemed so large, and she could tell it had something to do with the eyelids.

How on earth could her eyes seem so large, so open, so -- damnably innocent and vacant, yet STILL manage to slide into a come hither visage of lust when she licked her lips.

WHAT THE HELL WAS GOING ON!!

Chest heaving, face red to her cleavage, she stopped looking in the hand mirror, and turned away from the window with her fists clenched, arms at her side. She tried to calm herself. Yet even as she did a man happened by. She puckered, sensually moistened her lips, and gazed at him with hooded eyes, face floating in a sea of lust.

Oh God, she felt so humiliated!

She fled in a haze of lust.

**Chapter 9**

Two weeks ago, new Corporate HQ, R&D lab -- Observation Lounge

Well then!

Janice. That name! That vile name! Spoke, it would bring a plethora of impressions, thoughts and concepts, all flooding Kate's mind at its utterance.

Janice, her rival. Janice, which she loathed. Janice, the bitch. And now?

Janice, the kinkster! My God, and what a kinkster!

For years, Kate had suffered Janice and her rise in rank, Janice's rise in rank while Kate sat almost still on the corporate tree. Janice the smart. Janice the all so clever. Janice the all so pretty.

Janice, the back stabbing slut!

It wasn't FAIR.

And then this! It was like Janice had walked up to Kate, and handed her a dossier of her dirtiest secrets! All she had to do was sit and record what Janice was doing. To make a copy of all files, and now that she had turned on the lab's observation cameras? Why, to save that video too!

Janice would be gone before the end of the week!

And yet, something tugged at Kate. Something intrigued her. And her own imbibing over the last few hours, seemed to open her to.. to.. this. The sensuality of what Janice was working on. The sheer eroticism.

And as she watched, her eyebrows rose higher. Perhaps, perhaps she should play instead. Perhaps... perhaps better than immediate revenge, would be to watch Janice slowly fall apart.

Her life unravel. And now, now with all of her secret fetishes, her secret desires laid about before Kate?

Janice would be under her thumb, laid open in ways that would be inconceivable in any other circumstance. She would be helpless! Utterly and completely helpless, as Kate pushed her buttons, controlled her with complete and total ease.

And the best part was, she would suspect nothing. Janice was doing it to herself!!

A revenge filled smile filled Kate's face, a smile with a hint of lust.

And she started to type.
