---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Sliding Down the Slippery Shiny Slope
authors:
- shinyboy
tags:
- F-m
- latex
- club
- trick
- cd
- fem
- hood
- maid
- costume
- blindfold
- armbinder
- gag
- tease
- chastity
- buttplug
- inflate
- toys
- strappado
- oral
- reluct
- XX
date: 2025-03-31 00:00:00
---

Max stood contemplating the poster for the local nightclub. He’d walked past it for a few weeks now, and it kept catching his eye. A very sexy girl was pictured, dressed in shiny Adidas shorts and a matching crop top, and gyrating to some techno. The advert was for a sportswear themed night every Tuesday, and Max was keen on sportswear. In fact, to be honest, it was more than that: shiny sportswear was a bit of a turn-on for him. He wasn’t sure why, but the feel and look of shiny shorts had become an obsession, a secret fetish. That’s why he had finally ground to a halt in front of the poster. He’d been trying to resist but he just had to go. He liked clubbing anyway, and here was a chance to wear shiny shorts in public, surrounded by others, with nobody any the wiser about his secret. He took one last look at the girl on the poster and resolved to go the next week.

Tuesday had come around agonisingly slowly, but now Max’s heart thudded in his chest as he approached the entrance of the club, the pulsating bass seeping through the walls and causing his anticipation to rise. In fact, it wasn’t the only thing rising, as his silky, shiny Adidas shorts hugged him tightly. He really needed to calm down or there wouldn’t be much secret about his inner thoughts. At least he had a long coat over his outfit so he wasn’t revealing too much yet. Others in the queue seemed to be similarly wrapped up, and he couldn’t really see anyone’s clothes underneath, though he could see a few people in shiny boots. Interesting - he hadn’t really given his footwear much thought. Surely trainers were ok for a sports theme?

As people entered the club, they were being funnelled into rooms for an outfit check. That seemed a bit over the top, Max thought, but then he would have been disappointed if other people weren’t wearing shiny sportswear so he supposed it was fair enough. A statuesque woman dressed in some kind of very shiny black outfit beckoned him behind a curtain and asked him to open his coat. She looked pretty sexy, he had to admit, even if that didn’t look like any kind of sportswear he recognised. He dragged his eyes away from the shiny outfit and gave her his best winning smile. However, as she took in his outfit her expression darkened from a smile to a frown. “You’re not quite dressed for the occasion, I’m afraid,” she said. “You seem to have picked the wrong night. You’ll have to come back another time.” Max was stunned and stammered that he had followed the theme, just like the poster. “Oh, that sports thing finished weeks ago,” the woman replied, with a sardonic smile. “Our night is a little more exotic than that. A little... shinier.” A knowing smile flickered across her face again. “I see you like shiny clothes so it’s a shame, but rules are rules.” She pointed him towards the exit.

This was crazy, Max thought. What was this “exotic” theme anyway? The music was pumping louder and louder. He had to get in! He asked the woman about the theme, but she just shook her head and pointed him again towards the exit. Max was devastated. This had been his chance to let loose - he’d never seen any other clubs advertise a sportswear night. And the music was thumping and making him feel high. He had to get into the club! In desperation, he asked if he could borrow or buy some clothes to fit in with whatever the theme was. The woman started to shake her head but then hesitated and looked at him again, appraisingly. She leant her head out of the curtain and he could hear her whispering to a colleague. When she spoke again, she seemed to be trying not to smile - in fact, she almost seemed to be smirking but Max was too tense and distracted to notice. “We don’t normally allow that but you do seem to like shiny things and we have some spare clothes which I think would suit you,” she said. “If we let you wear them, though, I don’t want any complaints about them, and no second thoughts - ok?” Max nodded, relief and excitement flushing through him. “Of course,” he replied, nodding. “You just need to sign some paperwork to make sure you don’t run off with anything which belongs to us,” she continued, handing him a stapled sheaf of papers covered in dense print and pointing him to the signature box at the end. “Sign and date, please, and print your name and address underneath,” she instructed. The light was dim and Max definitely wasn’t going to start peering at the small print in front of this woman. He had a quick look at the title on the front page but it just said “Contract” so that seemed in order. He signed and scribbled his details and then handed the papers back.

The woman opened a door into a small changing room and waved Max into it. “Put all your clothes in the locker, and I mean absolutely everything - our theme is very strict,” she said. “Once everything’s safely locked away, I’ll pass you your outfit but remember I don’t want any complaints or hesitation. Put everything on straight away or I’ll escort you out of the club in whatever you’re wearing!” She suddenly looked very stern and Max hurried to reassure her. She gestured at him to get undressed quickly and he closed the door and quickly bundled his clothes and shoes into the locker. He wasn’t wearing anything under his shorts - that would have defeated the point - so now he was naked. Why on earth did he have to be naked? What could the theme be? At least the door was closed. This was a bit extreme but at this point Max wasn’t really thinking straight, he was still trying to process the excitement and despair and now renewed excitement. He closed the locker door and heard it click. He wondered again what clothes he was going to be given. The woman had said something about “shinier". She looked pretty shiny and sexy. He felt himself going hard again at the thought. That was the last thing he needed, standing naked in a changing room. He tried to concentrate on something neutral and stared at the locker. It was a pretty boring locker. That was doing the trick. He fiddled with the door but it seemed to have locked itself. Oh well, he supposed that was for the best - at least his clothes were safe for the evening.

He heard some activity outside the door and a package was passed through. “Put these on,” the woman’s voice said, “and then I’ll pass you another set to finish the outfit.” The package was wrapped in tissue paper which rustled as he undid it. Some shiny black items were inside and Max felt some excitement at the shininess. He could almost see himself reflected. The material felt strange, though - slick to the touch. There seemed to be some shorts In the first layer and Max felt his cock start to stir, but as he looked more closely he realised that they were incredibly short and seemed to have an odd cut.

“I’m not hearing any dressing,” the woman’s suddenly stern voice sounded from outside. “Do I need to escort you out?”

Max’s heart started thumping. “No, no - but I think there might be some mistake…” he began.

“Was I not clear about hesitation?” the woman replied sharply. “This is your last chance before I open the door and throw you out of the club. I don’t have time to waste.”

Max panicked - he was going to be made to leave the club and he didn’t even have any clothes on! He rattled the locker door but it wouldn’t move. His own clothes were lost to him. He heard the changing room door start to open and desperately started pulling on the shorts. “I’m changing! I just couldn’t open the package,” he lied. He realised with a sinking feeling that these were women’s short shorts, riding high on his ass cheeks and barely concealing his cock. There was no way he could be seen dressed like this - it wasn’t much better than being naked.

Max quickly rummaged in the parcel for the next items, but his worst fears were realised as he found a bra and stockings and suspenders, all in the same strange shiny material as the short shorts. There was nothing for it but to put them on and hope that the next package would rescue the situation. Maybe it was some kind of crossdressing night, like the Rocky Horror Picture Show, and everyone would look like this? That must be it. Max started to relax slightly at the thought. He pulled on the latex stockings, the sensation of the material against his skin sending unexpected shivers up his legs. He had to admit that the material was triggering the same erotic feelings as his normal shiny shorts did. It seemed to cling to his body with a cool slickness that invited his hands to linger on it and stroke. He pulled on the suspender belt and clipped the stockings to it. It was all a bit fiddly - did women really go through this? The bra was a challenge, but he managed to fasten it, his nipples stiffening at the feel of the tight cups. His hands absentmindedly stroked them through the slick rubbery material. His cock was definitely stirring now. His nipples really were hard now. He’d always liked seeing women with nipple rings. He’d even seen some guys with nipple piercings. Maybe he could pull it off. One hand slid down to the short shorts and began to stroke.

In the room outside, the woman glanced at her phone and pulled up a feed from a hidden camera in the changing room. That smile - no, a definite smirk this time - spread across her face. “Good boy,” she murmured to herself.

Max was jolted out of his reverie as another larger package thumped into the room. The woman’s eye was at the door. “As I thought, latex suits you,” she said. “Quickly with the rest, though, I don’t have all night!”

Max felt a sense of relief. He didn’t want to get on her bad side again, and she seemed happier with him. Better to do what he was told and try to get in her good books. Latex, though? Who wore rubber clothes? What was he going to do if she tried to throw him out of the club wearing nothing but shiny latex lingerie? Nobody was going to believe his story. And how was he going to get home anyway? His wallet and keys were in the locker. Whatever the rest of the outfit was, Max was resigned to following through. He quickly started to tear open the new package. There was a box at the bottom, but before he could open it his eyes widened as he unfolded another slick black garment and realised he was staring at a shiny latex maid's dress.

Max took a deep breath and stepped into the dress, pulling it up and zipping up the back as best he could. He couldn’t get the zip up all the way, though, no matter how much he tried to contort himself. He moved onto the box and opened it, to find a pair of thigh high patent boots with impossibly high heels, and covered in buckles. Was he going to have to wear these? How was he going to walk? Where to start with all the buckles? Ah, here was a zip. He sat on the floor and slid one foot into each boot and then pulled the first zip up. To his horror, it seemed to break at the top and snap off. How had he broken the boot? The woman was going to be cross with him again now, and he’d signed a contract so he’d have to pay who knows how much. Maybe she wouldn’t notice. He pulled the zip of the other boot up more slowly, but it too broke off at the top! He tried to reattach it, but try as he might he couldn’t manage and he couldn’t unzip the boots either - they seemed to be stuck.

“Are you ready yet?” came the woman’s voice from outside.

Max pushed himself unsteadily onto his feet, swaying on the crazily high heels. He felt the stance push out his ass and somehow his chest seemed to be thrust forward as well. The latex clung to his upper body and flared out over his short shorts. He was conscious that his cock was now rock hard. “Yes, I just need help with the zip, please,” he called out. The woman entered the room and eyed him up with a smile. Max could feel heat flush through his face as she looked him up and down and he felt her gaze linger on the bulge in his short shorts.

“You’ve missed something,” she said, and he looked down at the package to see something else shining in the tissue paper. “Oh no, I’m sorry,” he blurted. He reached down and saw it was some kind of mask or hood in the same material, with holes for eyes, nose and mouth and buckles on both sides. There was a zip on the back. He pulled it over his face and pulled the zip down. This time, there was no break. Maybe the woman wouldn’t notice the zips on the boots. She stepped behind him and pulled the zip up the back of the maid’s dress. Max felt his waist pulled in as the tight latex cinched around him. He heard a click and felt the collar of the dress pull up slightly and the collar of the hood pull down to meet it. She must have attached them together somehow. “There we are, now you’re dressed appropriately,” the woman said. “There’s just one more thing to add so that you get the full surprise as you enter the club. Put this blindfold on and I’ll lead you into it.”

The woman handed Max a latex blindfold with holes either side and he realised he could buckle it to his hood. He reached up and attached it and adjusted it so that it fitted properly. “Very good,” she murmured in his ear. He felt her run her hands over his head, shoulders and neck and down his arms. “Stand up straight,” she said, pushing his chest forward and pulling his arms back. Suddenly, with a sharp tug he felt a sleeve of some kind slide over his hands and up his arms, binding them behind him. As he opened his mouth to protest, some kind of rubber protrusion was pushed into it! He tried to speak, but only unintelligible sounds came out and they were muffled to almost nothing as the gag was buckled in place below the blindfold. He tried to move but he was too unsteady in the boots. As he struggled he felt the armbinder being pulled tighter and further up his arms, and then buckled in place across his front, hands tweaking his nipples through the latex as they tightened the buckles.

Max moaned and writhed but the woman’s hands held him effortlessly in place. He was blindfolded and gagged, arms bound behind him, trapped in a second skin, a shiny slick black rubber skin. In the midst of his panic, though, at least one part of him was enjoying itself and oblivious to his plight: his cock was rock hard as he felt the woman’s hand slide from his nipples down to his shorts.

“Almost as hard as the cock in your mouth,” she murmured into his ear. “You’ll feel better if you suck it, like the shiny submissive maid you are.” Was the rubber thing in his mouth really a cock? He ran his tongue over it. “There you go,” she laughed.

What was he doing? She was manipulating him! He could feel her sliding her hand down towards his short shorts again. “Remember that contract you signed?” she said. “It covered a bit more than the clothes rental. If you orgasm in the club, you become the property of the club for the next month.” Her mouth was so close to his ear and he felt her lick his slick rubber hood. “You’ll be a house slave. Oh, and whatever you’re wearing when you cum - on you or in you,” she laughed, “that’s what you’ll have on for the whole month.” Her hand began to stroke as she ran her tongue over his hood again.

Max moaned and writhed. This couldn’t be happening. He was completely at her mercy, a latex maid in high-heeled boots, blindfolded, gagged and bound. His cock kept pulsing as she stroked, and he vainly tried to think of anything else to go limp. Suddenly, she stopped stroking and he felt her mouth against his latex-covered ear again. “Looks like you’re going to need some help to keep from cumming,” she said. “Do you agree?” Max nodded fervently, moaning and pleading. “Suck the cock, then, if you want my help,” she continued.

Max starting sucking and licking, desperate to please her. “Good boy,” she said. “Or rather…” Max felt her hand slide into the short shorts and gasped as she slipped his cock and balls through some kind of cold metal ring. “Nice of you to provide your own lube,” she chuckled as she rubbed his precum down his shaft. Then he gasped again as she slid his cock into a metal sheath and squeezed and squeezed until he felt it attach to the ring. The woman did something to them and then withdrew her hand, before jangling something in front of his blindfolded eyes. “That was the key,” she chuckled again, “to make a good boy into a good girl. Good cages make good sissies, don’t you agree? Now the only hard cock is the one in your mouth. Don’t stop sucking, sissy, or I’ll change my mind and make you cum.”

The woman’s hand slid over his mouth and down to his nipples, rubbing them and tweaking them, and then she continued down his front and over the short shorts, rubbing the chastity device. His cock strained against its cage as she found his trapped erection. She chuckled at his desperation, her touch light and teasing, and a wicked smile played on her lips. "But I can't make it too easy for you, now can I?" she asked, her voice dripping honey. Her nails trailed down his back, sending shivers across his skin as she slid her hand across his ass and between his cheeks.

He heard the sound of a cap popping open and a squelching noise, and her hand slid down the inside of the shorts, slick and wet against his asshole. With a gentle push, her finger slid inside and he moaned as he involuntarily bucked against her. Her finger pushed in and out and he writhed in forbidden pleasure. After a moment, it withdrew and Max moaned again at the loss of the sensation. What was happening to him? He already felt like a slave, hers to do with what she wanted. His mind was freaking out but his body was as aroused as it had ever been. Now he felt something cold and rubbery press against his asshole, and slide in with a shocking lack of resistance. He heard a couple of puffs and felt the thing grow larger inside him. He screamed into the gag. “Keep sucking, sissy maid,” she ordered. “This is just a little something to keep you on your toes.” With a couple more puffs, the intruder hit Max’s prostate and he moaned and writhed. His cock jumped against the confines of the chastity cage again and it bit into his skin.

“Time for the clubbing you came for,” the woman said to Max and he felt her attach something to the collar of his hood and pull him forward. The music suddenly grew louder and a wall of heat hit him, triggering a slick of sweat in his tight latex clothes. She tugged again and he tottered forwards on his heels, overwhelmed by the sounds around him. Hands were stroking him - his nipples, his caged cock, his plugged ass, his gagged mouth. With another tug, he felt something clipped to the armbinder, which pulled upwards, forcing him to bend slightly forwards on his heels. He felt a tongue lick from his mouth round to his ear and heard the familiar voice murmur, “Do you like what you see, sissy slut?” as the blindfold was removed. Everywhere around him, latex clad men and women were looking lustfully at him, some smirking in anticipation. Max moaned desperately, trying to convey that he was not a willing player in this game but nobody was paying any attention and the music pounded away as bodies writhed all round him. With a gasp, the plug in his ass came to life and started vibrating against his prostate. His cock swelled again, twitching desperately against the cage. Max’s body writhed in the tight embrace of the latex, his eyes watering from the pressure of the chastity cage and the relentless vibrations of the inflated plug.

"You want this, don't you?" The woman’s words were a tease. Part of him wanted to be free but an ever smaller part. Most of him just wanted to cum, to be a sissy slut, a slave, a latex maid, whatever would give him some release. He found himself nodding, sucking the cock in his mouth vigorously, wanting to please her. She laughed, a sound that sent a shiver down his spine. "Good girl," she said, her voice a caress. As she walked away, she beckoned to the crowd. Latex-clad figures approached him and hands began to touch him, caressing the slick latex that covered him from head to toe. Fingertips traced the lines of his body, slipping under the hem of his dress to graze the smooth skin of his thighs and under the bra to tweak his nipples. The crowd swirled around him, a sea of anonymous faces, their eyes gleaming with lust. He could feel his control slipping away, the armbinder and cage a prison of pleasure. John's breath came in ragged gasps as unseen mouths found his nipples, the latex no barrier to the eager tongues that lapped and sucked at the flesh beneath. His cock was a throbbing ache, desperate for release, but the cage held firm. The vibrations grew stronger, the plug inside him pulsing in time with the beat of the music, the pressure building with every thrust of the bass.

A warm hand slid down his stomach to cup his balls, squeezing gently, adding to the delicious torture. Suddenly, the chain holding his armbinder pulled sharply upwards and Max was bent sharply over. As hands slid over his newly exposed ass, Max felt the gag pulled out of his mouth and tried to lick some of the drool away. Before he could say anything, he felt hands grip his latex-covered head and a hard wet cock pushed past his lips. Max tried to protest but the pulsing cock was thrust in and out as the hands moved his head in the opposite direction. Suddenly, his head was held right against the latex shorts of the cock’s owner. Desperate for breath, Max started licking and sucking for all he was worth. He thought himself into the space of the latex sissy he was, there only to lick and suck cock, a cum slut for anyone who wanted to use him. The thrusting resumed and Max embraced his new identity. The crowd around him had become a blur of hands and faces, each touch more insistent than the last. The vibrations in his ass were driving him wild. He licked and sucked the delicious hard cock in his mouth and moaned and writhed. His own cock pulsed and strained in its cage. With a rising sense of inevitability, he knew he was going to cum, and there was nothing he could do to stop it.

Max’s body tensed, the muscles in his thighs quivering as the orgasm grew closer. He felt himself teetering on the edge, his hips bucking against the air and his mouth sucking desperately as the orgasm coiled in his belly. And then, with a suddenness that took his breath away, it hit him. He came in the cage, his semen spilling into metal and latex, the pressure intense and overwhelming. The crowd whooped and he heard a whisper of “good girl” in his ear. The woman was back. As the crowd continued to stroke and caress, she popped the cock gag back into his mouth. As he feebly tried to protest, she showed him a metal collar with “Slut Anna” written on it, and, eyes gleaming, slipped it around his neck and locked it in place. He was their slave now, a plaything for the denizens of this latex world. He could feel the eyes on him, the heat of their stares as they took in his bound form, his cock still trapped in the cage, his slave collar marking his status for the next month - and who knows how much longer?

The woman leaned in, her voice sultry in his ear. "Welcome to your new life, Anna. From now on, you're our little latex sissy maid, here to serve and obey. Your training starts now.” She deftly slid some tiny earbuds through the eye holes of the hood and into his ears, and the sounds of the club faded as sultry whispers of sissy affirmation and hypnotic beats started to fill his mind. He tried to fight it, to think of anything but the seductive voice that coiled around his thoughts, but the latex hood amplified the sound, leaving him no escape. The words seeped into his mind, a relentless tide of seduction that whispered about his new purpose. As hands again started to stroke his latex-covered body and mouths closed around his nipples and hands around his balls, the vibrations in his ass started to build once more. The voice in his ears murmured to him of sissy submission and cock-sucking cumsluts, rewiring him to crave the very things that once would have horrified him. He felt the cock gag removed from his mouth and eagerly began to suck...
