---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Fashion Victim
authors:
- Poetbdsm
tags:
- F/fm
- bond
- bdsm
- leather
- slave
- cons
- X
---

[Author's
note: I wrote this in honor of a real-life leather domme who has worked in the
fashion industry. I do not vouch for all the details of how fashion shows work.
If there are any errors, they are in my mind. The dining "box" is
something I've actually seen, in a restaurant that was designed to evoke
Renaissance England. I've just put that to good use here.]

Duarte
fingered the rim of his wine glass nervously. Even though he sat in his favorite
restaurant, he was uncomfortable. That was because was not sitting in the booth
up front where he usually held court. Instead, he was parked in Lana's special
dining box. It was a free-standling wooden box about seven feet high, just big
enough to hold the dining table for two that Duarte, for the moment, occupied
all by himself. Even though it was coming up on 2 a.m., Lana was late, as usual.
She certainly knew how to milk an entrance. And, no doubt, a man.

The
dining box was situated at almost the exact center of this high class restaurant
in the heart of Amsterdam. Apparently, or so the rumors went, Lana had rented it
in perpetuity from the restaurant owners. It sat unused for weeks at a time, but
when Lana wanted to dine out in privacy, this was her destination. The rumors
also hinted that the box was mostly used in the wee early morning hours, when
the rest of the restaurant was closed.

Duarte
was not happy to be on Lana's turf. He liked doing business deals in his office,
or at his booth in the restaurant. But this was necessary. He needed what Lana
could provide, so when she told him
where they would meet, he had hesitated only a moment. He only hoped things
would go smoothly.

They'd
made many business deals over the years, but theirs was a distant and entirely
professional relationship. Frankly, he admitted to himself, the woman scared him
a bit, alluring as she was. Well, there was no helping it. He needed what she
had, and he would do what he always did: Go and get it.

Duarte
was pondering his approach when he heard -- even through the wood walls of the
dining box -- the sharp click-clack of female heels. It was Lana, of course. A
waiter opened the dining box's door and she swept into the little space --
literally, for she was in her signature, heavy, black leather overcoat, all
buttoned and zippered and strapped in.

The coat
brushed the floor and crashed into things at her side, but amazingly she left
nothing askew in her wake as she walked in. A real Earth Mother, Duarte thought
to himself. Gaea, maybe!

"So,
Duarte, what's your pleasure?" the famous leather clothing designer began,
as the waiter helped her shed the coat. He hung it on a hook in a small closet
on one wall as she sat down.

"Madame,"
Duarte began forthrightly and firmly, "I want to buy as many units of your
TLC Catsuit as you can supply, as soon as possible. One hundred and fifty units
would be a good ... ."

"No,
no, you silly man," Lana laughed. "I meant, what are you
drinking?"

"I'm
good. This is a fine Chablis. I have them keep it in stock here for me, you
know."

Lana
turned to the waiter. He was permanently assigned to her dining box, and he knew
almost before she ordered what she wanted. But he waited, patiently. "The
'77 Pinot Noir for me, Charles. And you can skip the menus. I don't think we'll
be dining tonight."

"Very
good, Ma'am," Charles said, smoothly cocking an eye at Duarte, who nodded
faintly in agreement. Charles left so quickly and quietly it was as if he'd
beamed out of the box. Lana locked eyes on Duarte. They surveyed each other in
an instant.

Duarte
was in his mid-30s, suave if a bit rogue-ish in appearance. He wore an Armani
suit, grey, with a white shirt and pale blue tie. His ample head of hair was
coarse and very black. He was swarthy but clean-shaven. He presented sharp,
angular features, which usually served him well in business negotiations.

Not this
time, however. For Lana had an intensity in her eyes that was hard to match. It
made Duarte sweat ever so slightly at his hairline. He could fill the
perspiration and it made him even more nervous.

Lana had
been around long enough that she clearly had to be pushing 60. But she looked
35. A testament to clean living, or at least an exciting, invigorating life. Her
red hair spilled over her high, Oriental style standup collar. Tiny diamond ear
studs twinkled in the candle light. Her ruby red lips were glossy with dreams.

Free of
her heavy but protective coat, Lana presented herself in her usual leathers. She
was two-toned tonight. Her glove-soft catsuit was black, but there was a thin,
high-waisted, contoured vest of emerald green leather riding over her top.

Her
over-the-knee boots in green leather to match the vest made a soft squeak as she
crossed her legs to one side of the table, precisely where Duarte would be able
to see the pointed toes and skyscraper heels, at the ready like the sharp
weapons they clearly could become. She noted that brief gaze, which he quickly
brought back up.

Lana now
peeled off her wrist-length gloves -- also in emerald green, fairly slapping
them onto the table. Almost in the same motion, her hand grabbed the wine glass
that Charles -- magically reappearing, silently and without notice -- had just
placed in front of her. She looked at the ceiling of the little box as she
brought the wine glass to her lips.

"Tell
me, Duarte, do you think the Canadians really are going to restrict our exports,
or do you ... ?"

Quite
unlike his usual, assured self, he interrupted her. "I really don't know,
Lana, and I don't care. My business will survive either way. Besides, I'm here
to .... ."

"I
know why you're here," Lana said, a faint look of disdain on her lip.
"But you could at least be polite."

"I'm
sorry," Duarte said. "But I've got to have as much of that outfit as
you can manufacture. And quickly. I've a Russian customer who .... .."

"Now
it's my turn to interrupt," Lana said, cutting him off. There was a pause
as she sipped more wine, smiling in an aside as Charles poured more into the
glass. The waiter again de-materialized and she took up again. "Duarte, the
sad, simple fact is, you can't have 150 units. No one can. Those outfits are
expensive, complex and very painstakingly made, and for good reason."

His
mind's eye opening, Duarte remembered what he had seen at Lana's latest show
just hours before and halfway across town. After presenting her usual array of
startling, mostly leather-based fashions on the runway, she'd ended the showing
with something that was startling even by Amsterdam standards.

Out to
the catwalk, as camera strobes flashed, came a small troupe of identically
dressed models. They were covered in black leather. Completely covered. They
glided onto the catwalk in lock-step motion, floor-length capes of leathery
darkness swirling as they moved. All in all, ten models hit the ramp.

Emerging
from the high, stand-up collar of each model's black leather cape was a matching
orb that could have been a human head, except that it was entirely featureless.
No apparent seams or orifices of any kind could be seen on the spotless,
fine-grained, creamy black leather of the hood.

Quickly,
the crowd realized that these models were maneuvering without an apparent air
supply.

Legs,
arms and torsos were hidden under the floor-length capes. The models thus looked
almost non-organic, more like computer-graphic flowers, or at least some object
other than a human. As they twirled in unison, light glanced off their shiny,
soft, aromatic armor (Lana, as usual, had pumped the scent of leather into the
air of the room, to help further the mood). Fusion chords pounded, and the
catwalk floodlights pulsed in rapid rhythm.

The
models twirled, their capes following them around. After a couple of minutes,
the first model twisted its upper body violently but smoothly. The leather cape
-- ponderous looking but evidently quite light-weight, perhaps with hidden
breakaway fastenings -- flew open, falling first off one shoulder and then the
other. The succeeding nine models performed the same maneuver, until all were
standing on the catwalk, a pile of soft black leather at each of their feet.

With
precision and in complete unison, the apparently sightless leathermodels kicked
their floored capes, turned 90 degrees to one side and stood at military
attention, legs spread apart

Capes
now removed, the wide-eyed audience could now observe that the models wore black
leather catsuits, but of an unusual design. As the models began a new
synchronized dance, the visual details sank in.

To begin
with, the suits seemed entirely of one piece. The hoods -- themselves without
apparent seams -- were integral to the suits, and the entire suit showed no
seams of any kind.

The
seamlessness extended to the soles of the feet, which pranced in delicately
rounded toes and five-inch square heels that flared slightly at bottom. These
likewise seemed an integral part of the catsuit, without zippers or laces, and
yet they hugged calves and thighs in tight curves of leather.

The
second oddity was that the catsuits were armless. Nor could arms be seen under
the material. It was as if the models were all double-amputees!

And now
that their precise forms could be made out in the tight-fitting catsuits, it was
clear that the models were all of female shape, and all of nearly identical
height and figure.

All this
the audience drank in as the force of ten stood at attention. After perhaps five
seconds, the dance began anew, as Lana's leathermodels weaved among themselves,
twirling and kicking their legs high into the air to the syncopated beat of more
jazz fusion.

Duarte
was stunned. The models danced, and threw themselves around but without arms to
balance or air to breathe. Yet they remained poised and synchronized as they
continued to sashay the catwalk, turning on their heels as if they'd been doing
it blindly that way forever.

The
models presented the typical feminine catwalker of long legs and slim figures,
save for one feature: Their torsos seemed slightly top heavy. Their breasts were
somewhat larger than the waifish sort found on most catwalks, but that didn't
explain all of it.

Duarte
guessed that, under the catsuits, the arms of the models were folded in some
kind of reverse prayer postion across their upper backs.  Perhaps their arms were even crossed, each pulled up over the
opposing shoulder.

With
padding to even out the lumpiness, that might explain the overall impression of
a slightly top-heavy torso. It would also explain the larger than average
breasts: Arms bound in back, the chest and breasts would be thrust outward. But
he had to admit that he couldn't see any outline of arms whatsoever. Could they
all be double-amputees? Of course that seemed impossible.

In any
event, the sum total effect was both subtle and startling. These creatures were
human-shaped, but minus arms and defects of any kind. In their sameness they
seemed artificial and utterly roboticized, completely objectified.

Duarte
was still not sure of the engineering involved here. But he knew Lana well
enough to know that she would play by the rules. Of course, she was very good at
coming up with new rules.

In any
case, Duarte like the rest of the audience was electrified. Yet he kept his
professional acumen in the forefont. As applause pounded in his head, he thought
calmly about a buyer he had in mind. The man was a Russian, a direct seller who
often provided fetishwear to wealthy customers worldwide with tastes running
towards domination and bondage.

Surely
Lana -- even despite her very kinky reputation --- did not have that in mind
when she devised these garments. But she wouldn't care. If the price was right,
she would sell.

Or so
Duarte imagined. His thoughts came
back to the present, and the little dining box, as Lana continued speaking at
unusual (for her) staccatto speed.

"...
because each and every of these garments had to be meticulously measured and cut
and fit. It took many, many hours. There is, in fact, a secret new process
involved. I couldn't make 150 of these outfits in the rest of my natural
lifetime. Nor can anyone else make them at all.

"You
see, Duarte, I've hit upon several new techniques in leather pattern-making and
construction. It use low-power lasers and some new thermoadhesives and some
other things I can't discuss. Basically, my process allows me to meld pieces of
leather together seamlessly, and to re-open the material the same way.

"Thus,
no need for zippers or other fasteners. Nothing wrong with the old fasteners --
in fact they can be downright attractive. But in this case, I've used my new
method to create not only a perfectly fitted garment, but a perfectly smooth
garment that cannot be removed except at my shop and with my special equipment.
It fits so perfectly that even a surgeon's scalpel might not be able to safely
cut away the material without drawing blood."

Duarte
cleared his throat theatrically. "Such an amazing garment. Without visible
seams. So, without your help, no way to get in!"

"Or,"
Lana added helpfully, "out!"

"Yes,"
he said, dismissively. "But moreover: No orifices of any kind, not for
sight or mouth or nostril. How do your models breathe through solid, sealed
leather? How do they dance such intricate dances without seeing, and in such
precision, without the balance their arms can provide? And where are their arms?
Behind their backs?"

"Yes
to that last question. If medical science allowed us to safely yet temporarily
remove arms, I would have preferred the sweet purity of that. But we've only
21st Century technology, so I had to improvise. Thus, the arms of my catsuited
models I have bound in a reverse prayer position, elbows together, forearms
running up the backbone to almost the next. That way they remain very nearly out
of sight.

"Well,
that was how I did it, except for several of the models who had trouble getting
their arms into that very stringent configuration. For them I made do with a
double hammerlock and some clever padding and strapping. The males, in
particular, had trouble getting their arms high enough in back to make the
illusion of armlessness completely effective."

"MEN?!"
Duarte fairly yelled it. "All those models were the same size and shape.
They were feminine in every way!"

"Ah,
poor Duarte!" Lana said, playfully spinning up the gold ringlets that
dangled on her wrist. "A gullible observer, for now, of my illusions! Yes,
three of those ten models were males. Special males. Males who are in my
personal stable of slaves. Who are extremely adept at bending to my will --
really, really bending, in this case!"

Slaves!
Duarte had heard that Lana was a dominatrix with submissive playmates, but he
didn't know the extent of it. She continued:

"All
the models had to train rigorously for weeks to achieve the effects you saw in
the show. They had to know the catwalk down to the last inch -- although we also
had a secret signaling system I'll tell you about. The models had to practice
balancing themselves in the dark and with their arms restrained, while in tall
heels.

"They
also went through long hours of yoga practice and we helped them with muscle
relaxants and other treatments. Of course, I had to make individual adjustments,
and tuck all the men in, if you know what I mean.

"Some
of them had to diet, and then be fitted with very tight corsets to make up the
difference. You see, for the sake of this set piece and going forward in our
private activity, I demanded that my leathermodels look as nearly alike as
possible -- that is, at least from the outside of their catsuits.

"We
have been able to make them look so much alike when suited up that only a tiny
painted number on the bottom of one of their boot heels will let us identify
each of them with complete assurance. Although," she laughed mysteriously,
"we also have that secret signaling system!"

Duarte
sniffed again. "Well, I see that only a slave and not a hired model would
go through all that for one show. However, one thing bothers me: There is no way
even with all that training, even without clever staging and electronic tricks,
that a blindfolded model could move in such precise fashion, in step with nine
others. No way!"

Now it
was Lana's turn to act dismissive. "You underestimate the will of the human
mind, Duarte. Or maybe you do understand, but wish not to admit it. Many things
are possible, given sufficient time to test and perfect, and given limitless
discipline, respect, self-actualization and the urge to achieve. Hindu monks can
stop their hearts, after all.

"But
while this is interesting, it's not getting our business done, so let's cut to
the chase, and then we can relax that much sooner. There are three reasons you
cannot have the units you seek.

"One,
you seek them for profit, and I will not sell these suits for profit. They are
special. They were at the end of my show for a reason. For display, but not for
release from my private collection.

"Two,
as I said earlier, I could not possibly make enough of these suits, even if I
did care to sell them. The work is laborious and precise, and no amount of money
would be just recompense.

"Three,
and this is the biggest reason of all: THE SUITS ARE NOT DISTINCT FROM THEIR
WEARERS. Where the suit goes, so goes the wearer. The leather catsuit and the
wearer ARE the unit."

Duarte's
eyebrows fairly vibrated. "What? What do you mean!?"

"I
mean that a couple of ways. The suits are custom-fitted for an individual as
they are made. But more important, it is my strong philosophical conviction that
these leather catsuits belong to each of my leathermodels -- and my
leathermodels belong to ME. And I will continue to possess them. Always and
forever.

"I
know what you're thinking: Some dominatrices do sell their slaves, sometimes
with the slave's consent, but I'm not one of them. Just not my style or
urge."

Duarte
looked lost. "I...I don't understand. You mean to say... ? But...!"

Lana
laughed, with a trace of wickedness at the edge of her smile. "Oh don't be
so cryptic, Duarte! I know all about you. You're a powerful, influential and
self-assured man in public, but I can sense a serious submissive from five
klicks away. And you and I are a lot closer than that. I've heard stories about
you, around the shops and on the street. I've even overheard conversations, some
of them your own. And I checked into a few things.

"I
have no doubt that your Russian buyer is real and would like to own these
catsuits. But I also have no doubt that you could not help but approach me after
the show. You asking to speak to me in private, about what you called an urgent
matter: that summed up all my theories.

"But
you don't have to tell me about yourself except to admit that these leather
catsuits have evoked more than a professional interest in you. You want one of
these suits to keep, not to sell to a client. The only mystery I had to resolve
was whether the suit was for some playmate of yours ... or for yourself."

Duarte
glared. "How dare you?! I've a mind to get up and leave right now. No one
insults Duarte the way you..."

"Hush
now, my poor, hopeless, transparent, closet submissive of a man! You can leave
this private room at any time. And you will leave. The only question is whether
you will leave of your own volition, in anger, or under my terms, in happiness
and anticipation of a great exciting change. You know all about me, too, don't
you? In fact you know rather more about me than vice versa, and yet I understand
you better than you do me.

"So
let me lay it out for you, and then you can answer one simple question.

"I
have ten leathermodels. Ten male or female slaves, playmates or lovers or both,
who have accepted me as their total, ultimate Madonna and dominatrix, ten who
accepted my offer to create for each of them a highly personal copy of this very
special catsuit. A suit which, with my new manufacturing techniques, completely
encases and objectifies the person who wears it. And I do mean completely.

"As
you now understood, the suit once donned is utterly inescapable. Even if the
wearer's arms were free, and their fingers and hands not tightly mitted inside
unseamed and heavily padded leather, there would be no zippers for them to
worry, or straps for them to try to flex or wriggle out of. Once on, the suit
stays on, until I open it again with my special photochemical sealing technique.

"The
result is that this suit is like a skin. A complete, self-contained universe. No
chaffing points, no loose air spaces. It's extremely comfortable. Buttery soft.
And completely and permanently sealed, until I undo my techno-magic."

Duarte
began, "But they obviously must breathe! How...?"

"I
said hush, didn't I" Lana smiled and took another sip of wine. "This
is the one concession in the suit's otherwise total enclosure. There are two
things you cannot see. The first is that I came up with a way to use a separate
electrochemical process to make microscopic perforations in leather without
weakening it.

"These
are holes so tiny they cannot be seen and yet they are large enough to pass air
molecules. Thousands of these holes can fill a square centimeter and yet look
and feel like ordinary leather to the naked eye.

"I
could include these perforations over the hood's eye cavities, too, and perhaps
in future editions I will, but for now I just don't, ah, see the need for my
leather-encapsulated slaves to keep their sight.

"For
now, the invisible, microscopic vent holes form a small oval over the mouth of
each wearer. I should note that the hood of this special catsuit contains a
built in padded leather gag of rather significant size. It has a hollow tube in
it, however, so air can be passed.

"There
is also an osmotic filter in the tube that prevents any liquid from escaping, so
the wearer is still forced to swallow his or her saliva. Thus the suit stays
clean and dry, while my leathermodels are able to get just enough air, although
they must practice long hours before they are able to exert themselves at the
level you saw without becoming faint.

"Another
set of my microscopic vents -- patent pending! -- is positioned over each
nostril, for additional airflow.

"I
should note that the hood is carefully fitted to perfectly match each wearer's
head. Also, the inner leather lining of the hood over these points carries a
gas-permeable adhesive, so that the hood will not inflate or deflate no matter
how hard the wearer breathes.

"There
is another option on this suit: In the design of the lining I took care to run a
number of lines made of thin, flexible but noncollapsible hollow plastic tubing.
Two of these tubes can be cemented temporarily into the wearer's nostrils down
into the esophagus, to provide a liquid feeding line.

"Two
other tubes can be used to collect urine and deliver a slow enema. Both male and
female suits contain built-in butt plugs through which the enema tube passes.
The female unit also has a built-in dildo through which the urine tube passes.
The male unit, of course, requires a catheter insert.

"All
these tubes route to the crotch, where they are cemented to the skin of the
suit. There, also, the suit can be selectively unseamed using my new electronic
sealing technique whenever the body needs waste treatment or fresh water or
liquid nutrient.

"In
this fashion, my leatherslave can be kept in the suit for many hours, or even
several days and perhaps a week or more.

"You
may also be interested to know that the suit's inner leather lining also
contains numerous electrode contact points, which are fed by a system of fine
wires in the suit lining to a flat little receiver unit in the small of the
back. This unit is a battery-transformer that is wirelessly controlled and which
can transmit TENS-type electroshocks to the various electrodes in the suit.

"These
electrodes I can activate at low settings to massage tired muscles, or at higher
settings either for discipline or for sending function commands to the slave.
You know: For example: Two short shocks to the left tit means turn left and
stop. So this doubles as our signaling system!

"I'll
let you imagine where the rest of the electrodes are emplaced, except to say
there's even one built into the integral gag, for those times when more severe
discipline needs to be administered.

"Now,
my friend Duarte, we come to the reason we are here tonight in my special dining
box. The reason I openly acknowledge, and the reason you fear to admit.

"For
it happens that while I have ten leathermodels who are now fitted to wear my new
Model TLC Total Encasement Leather Catsuit, I happen to have enough material and
appropriate leather hides on hand for eleven such suits. The last suit remains
half built and unassigned. I am offering you a one-time opportunity to join my
stable of slaves and to be custom-fitted as my eleventh leatherslave.

"I
do not demand or expect that you will live with me on a full-time basis. You
could expect to serve me directly on at least a weekly schedule, at my pleasure.
Thus you would have to arrange your work so that you could drop everything on an
instant's notice should I command your presence.

"You
would be required to make yourself available for service for periods ranging
from one evening to up to four weeks at a time, continuously, with no prior
notice. I happen to know you are a man of means for whom this shouldn't be
problem.

"We
would have many unusual, intense and exciting adventures in leather bondage and
discipline.

"Often
but not always, I would encase you in your special seamless and armless leather
catsuit. I would care for you and see that no lasting harm comes to you, but I
would practice severe leather discipline upon you, and to obey me completely.
There would be great pain, and also great pleasure. There would be others with
whom you might also be obliged to serve, or even to help me dominate. Often, as
when you're in your catsuit, you would be utterly objectified -- no longer a
person, but my personal plaything.

"While
you would be serving my needs, based on what I have surmised, you would also be
serving your own unmet desires.

"For
I am a sensual, sensitive and caring dominatrix. I make you this offer because
you are the right material, and because in certain ways physical and
intellectual and emotional, I fancy you. But It's also true that I fancy tearing
you down from time to time, depersonalizing you and making you nothing more than
an instrument for my own perverse and erotic pleasures. A slave not only in my
home, my bedroom and my dungeon, but also a leatherbound slave who will follow
behind me on your leash to the opera, to the clubs, the park or wherever I
choose to go.

"I
can assure you that -- despite the ordeals that will test you -- your own
rewards would be extremely great in terms of physical sensations that are
life-affirming and awakening. Because, even though I'm in complete control, it
would still be a two-way relationship, and a fantastic slave cannot be all about
doing work.

"Between
my calls on you, you will if you prefer be allowed to keep your money, your
reputation and everything else about your current life that you care about. You
can even keep your anonymity, if you prefer, with respect to our relationship.
But I will take your will. Actually,
you may convince yourself that you wish to willingly hand over control to me.
Perhaps with a bit of prodding, but nonetheless!

"So
how about it, Duarte? Will you become my eleventh leatherslave? Will you let me
dress you as a one of my leathermodels and teach you to become an object that
performs on future catwalks, that walks blindly at my side, that gladly accepts
what punishments and pleasures that I care to administer to it?

"My
only requirement is that you answer yes or no within the next 60 seconds."

Silence
ensued until 50 eternal and tense seconds later, a nearly speechless Duarte
croaked out a whisper: "Yes, Lana, I accept your offer."

"That's
wonderful. Only from now on, to you, I am Maitresse Lana, even in polite
company. Do you understand, slave?"

Another
hoarse whisper: "Yes."

"Fine.
Now, you must stay here and I must be off. Two of my leather femme collies will
arrive within an hour to dress you in your first leather slave costume. You will
be hooded, gagged, and leashed, and you will follow them to a limousine that
will bring you to my villa, where I will be ready to begin with you.

"Please
do take time while you wait to make any phone calls in order to settle your
affairs for the next week, for I will need to occupy all that time with your
initial training. Oh, and of course we'll also immediately fit you for your TLC
Total Encasement Leather Catsuit. You will be Total Encasement Leather Slave
Number Eleven. Eleven, for short. Such a lucky number, for such a very lucky
man!"

She
pulled on her emerald leather gloves and pressed her right index finger hard
over his lips. "Our wonderful and mutually rewarding years in the business
world now gives way to an even greater and much more pleasurable and exciting
relationship. I have watched you and thought about this for a long time, now,
and if you reflect upon it, I think you will finally recognize that you
have, too.

"The
deal is done, but your ordeal is just beginning. Number Eleven, reflect upon
your good fortune and the sweet misery of your fate, forevermore."

She
kissed Number Eleven's flushed, perspiring forehead, and then Charles the waiter
arrived to escort her from the dining box. The man in the box felt hard, moist
stirrings in his soul. He panted continuously for the next hour, and for much of
the rest of his life.

THE END

23.05.06

If you've enjoyed this story, please write to the **[author](#author)**
and let them know - they may write more!
