---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Phoebe's Race Day
authors:
- Iron Daisies
tags:
- M+/f
- ponygirl
- harness
- cart
- races
- inserts
- nipple
- toys
- cons/reluct
- X
date: 2011-01-01 00:00:00
---

The following story is dedicated to Liz, aka phoebe the slave.  She inspires me in many ways.

We are snuggled into bed at what phoebe thinks is an upscale bed and breakfast in the country.  Its roughly 6 am, when the door to our room opens up and two huge black men walk in and remove the covers from the bed.  Without saying a word they grab phoebe and drag her out of the room, one of the men has his hand cupped over her mouth to prevent her from screaming.  I roll out of bed and began to get myself ready for the activities of the day.  I open up the closet and begin to suit up from the selection of riding clothes provided by the bed and breakfast.
Today is the amateur pony competition.  Without telling phoebe, I entered her in this competition several months ago.  I wanted to test her limits both physically and mentally and this seemed like the best way to do so.  I only entered her in three single races and one team event.  The single races all consist of her pulling me on a sulkie.  The first race is a 100m dash from a standing start.  The second race is a 200m dash.  The third race is an obstacle course.  For the team race she will be hitched up with six other ponies and that race will consist of a 1 mile course through the countryside.  The cart used for the 1 mile course is more along the lines of a hay wagon and up to 20 spectators can ride on the wagon to enjoy to scenery.  The driver of the wagon will be randomly selected from a panel of expert drivers to ensure that no one will be driving a team with a pony known to them on it.  Scores in each event will be tallied up at the end of the day and the best amateur pony in the male and female classes will be chosen.
I pick up several pieces of fruit and a sandwich from the breakfast table and chat up a couple of the fellow drivers for the upcoming activities.  After exchanging pleasantries and a few wagers with the other drivers in the female pony class, I head out to the stables to watch the men get phoebe ready for her day.  I can only imagine that she is pissed off at me right about now as I am coming up on the men as they have her hands shackled over head to a tree branch and are just finishing up with her bath.  A well placed split bit gag prevents any understandable words to come out of her mouth, but I can only imagine the words that would come out if she could speak.
I watch in silence as the two men start the task of buckling her into the harness.  It is quite obvious that they have done this before as I watch them adjust the harness quickly and efficiently to fit her body.  I chuckle as she looks at me and continues to make sounds through the gag.  I can see the fire in her eyes, that is good, it will serve her well today.  I watch her eyes cringe in fear when it comes to the belt that will run though her private area.  The plug for her ass which will give her a tail at the same time is about four inches long and nearly an inch across.  Also on the belt is a plug for her pussy.  That plug is knobby and just over six inches long and a little over an inch across.  I can only imagine the distraction those will cause her as the day progresses.  One of the men cuffs a spreader bar between her ankles and forces her legs about three feet apart while the other lubes up the rear plug.
Continuing their work without speaking a word the second man takes hold of the strap and begins to work the rear plug into her ass.  I watch phoebe as the plug begins to violate her.  At first her expression is one of determination to resist, but that quickly fades into desire for the invader.  The first man adjusts the buckles around the front of the harness to accept the belt holding the plugs when they have been secured.  Once the plug is completely inside her the man moves onto the dildo that will keep her sex busy for the day.  He does not use lube on this one at my request.  With no pause or delay, he simply buries it into her, snugs up the strap and hands the end to the other man who buckles it into the harness tightly.  I can hear her purring almost growling with the sudden invasion.
I watch her hips sway back and forth as she adjusts herself to the toys working themselves around inside her body.  Lastly the men ready the boots that she will be wearing for the day.  Typical pony girl boots with no heel.  Nailed to the bottom of the boot is a horse shoe.  I can imagine that it will make an interesting sound on a hard surface.  Too bad I will not get to experience that sound as all of todays events are outside on dirt or grass.  With the spreader bar removed and phoebe standing on her new boots, she is a good seven inches taller than she was a few minutes ago.
With no resistance from phoebe, the men lower her arms and fold them around behind her.  One of the men pulls an interesting looking leather rig from the table and begins to wrap it around her forearms and tightens up several buckles.  Lastly he takes a pair of leather cuffs attached to the rig and buckles them around her bicep area to keep her arms securely locked behind her.  Placing my hands on her hips, I slowly guide her backwards towards the sulkie.  I think phoebe would like this one as it is black with cream and red racing stripes and the number 7 is painted on the back.  Its too bad she won't be seeing too much of it today.  Once inside the guides, the two men set to work securing her to the sulkie.  After a couple of quick test pulls the men stand back, satisfied at their work.  I pick up the small buggy whip from the table and slide into the seat.
The men hand me the reins as they attach them to either side of the bit gag in her mouth.  After a quick adjustment to the blinders, they nod to me and I am ready to give her a couple of practice runs around the grounds before we get started.  A quick tug on the reins to the right and a swat from the whip and phoebe moves out at a slow pace.  I watch her as she picks her steps carefully trying her best to adjust to the invaders in her body as well as figure out the new boots.  I can imagine that each step drives the plugs into her in interesting ways.  Once we are out into the field area, I straighten my pull on the reins and give her a good swat with the whip indicating I want her to step up the pace a little.
Slowly phoebe builds up some speed, it has taken her a little while to get adjusted to her new position, but she seems to enjoy it, or at least is trying her best not get any encouragement from the buggy whip as we roll along the grassy field.  A quick tug of the reins to the left and phoebe instantly responds and begins to pull the cart around and head back up the hill towards the staging area.  I stop off at our table and exit the cart.  Something is missing.  A quick scan of the table and I select a couple of optional items and walk around in front of phoebe.  She can only see directly in front of her due to the blinders.  The posture collar prevents her from looking down to see what I am about to do to her. 
The first decorative nipple clamp goes on with her reaction being mixed.  She shakes her head side to side as the second one goes on.  I am still holding the light chain and bells in my hand and slowly drop my hand away from them, letting her nipples take the full weight.  I can only imagine her protests, if she could speak.  The split bit gag is just what it sounds like, one part of the gag goes over the tongue and the other part under the tongue, rendering it useless.  The bit itself sits far enough back in the mouth to prevent her from pulling her tongue back and trying to speak.  She does make pretty burbling sounds through the gag in her attempts to protest.  I clip a couple of leather straps onto the harness and let them fall along her legs.  These straps have a series of bells on them as well.  She will jingle nicely as we head over to the race course.
Sitting back into the cart, I pick up the reins and whip and give her the signal to turn left and head out towards the path in the woods.  Listening to the bells ringing as we go along, I can only imagine what thoughts are going through her mind at this point.  I watch as beads of sweat form along her upper arms and slowly begin to make their way down her body.  It is already getting warm outside and it is barely 9  in the morning.  I caught a glimpse of the weather and the girl said it was supposed to get into the upper 90's today.
As we round the last corner in the woods and break out into the clearing, we line up alongside several other drivers with their ponies and carts.  I pull back on the reins and hold them back, while I pull her head from side to side, giving her a glimpse of the other girls and some of their costumes for the races.  Some of the other ponies stomp the ground and pull at the reins wanting to get this underway.  The drivers patiently hold them back awaiting the signal to begin.  Each pony is given a handicap based on the weight of the driver and cart and will have time deducted to make the scores a little more even.  Lets face it, phoebe is going to be pulling nearly 300 pounds with me and the cart.  The pony next to us is going to be pulling around 200 pounds because the female driver barely clears 100 pounds.  Hardly fair to the ponies unless that is taken into account.
The starting flag in raised at the far end of the field.  This is the 100m dash.  I ready the reins and whip and wait for the signal.  To my surprise phoebe starts snorting through the gag and stomping her feet in an attempt to either scare the nearby ponies or to signal her readiness to do this.  I think the pony to my left got the hint and backed down a little.
The flag drops and I give her a crack across the ass with the whip, not that she needed it, phoebe tore out as fast as she could muster.  I am amazed at her speed as we make our way down the track.  One of the five entries never left the starting line as the pony revolted and refused to move.  About halfway down the track and it looks like we are going to finish in second overall, the lighter cart to my right is way out in front and we do not have much chance of catching it.  The bells ringing along on phoebe makes me wonder what her nipples feel like about now.  I can tell from her steps that the plugs are causing her some discomfort.  Having seen some of the other plugs the other female ponies are wearing its a wonder some of them can barely move at all.  I have a feeling the lead pony has been run a few times with plugs to get her used to it, oh well.
We cross the finish line in second place overall.  The scores are posted and adjusted accordingly.  She did not do too badly all things considered.  Adjusted scores put her in first place with a second overall finish.  Time to water the ponies  and watch the next couple of races.  I step off the cart and lead phoebe over to the shade and turn her around so she can watch the male ponies run.  I place the tube from the squirt bottle next to the gag and let a little fruit juice flow into her mouth as the ponies are lined up at the starting line.  She tips her head back and swallows it down.
Taking a soft towel I wipe the sweat from her as the flag is dropped for the second event.  I can see the lust brewing in her eyes as she watches the male ponies run.  I place more juice in her mouth as she stomps her hoof.  The other ponies in the female class know she is a force to be reckoned with in these games.  I walk her down to the starting line for the next race as the scores for the male ponies are tallied up.  Judging from her steps, her body has adjusted to the plugs buried in her holes.  We line up as the male ponies rest up in the shade.  This time there are only four ponies in the race.  Apparently the fifth that was in the last race has dropped out for some reasons unknown. 
The 200m dash is about to begin.  Phoebe is really stomping her hooves and pulling at the reins, she wants this one and is not going to back off despite my tugging at the reins.    As the starting flag is dropped she lurches forward and takes off like a shot.  I let her run for a while until we are well enough out in front to ensure a victory and then pull her back a little bit.  I am trying to save her strength for the last couple of races.  It is amazing to watch the leg muscles ripple as they work to accomplish the task required of them.  We cross the finish line in first place overall with second place only a few points behind.  Stepping off the cart, I see the determination in her eyes as she stares down the other ponies.  I grab the bit leads and pull her out of her stare and head her off into the shade.  We have about an hour before the next competition is scheduled to start.
Taking the juice bottle and squirting some into her mouth, I begin to wipe her down and rub her thigh muscles to prevent cramping.  She is not allowed to sit between events.  Phoebe continues to shake her head and snort at the other ponies, even as I rub her legs.  A quick tug of the chain between her nipples draws her back to reality.  I scold her and remind her to remain quiet for now.  I can see in her eyes, that she acknowledges what I say and accepts it quietly.  More juice goes in as we watch the next couple of events on the field followed by a brief intermission.
The next event is an obstacle course through the woods.  Its nearly a mile in length but it is a rough course so time is important, but not hitting anything is even more important.  For this event the blinders on each pony are placed directly in front or his or her eyes.  It will be up to the driver and the trust the pony has for him or her.  Each pony will leave about five minutes behind the next one and time will begin from there.  Phoebe is as ready as she is going to be as I guide her onto the starting line. 
The first part of the course is across the field, avoiding two pot holes and guiding the pony between two ponds and then its up into the woods from there.  I guess I will just have to wait and see for myself what is coming.  The first pony to leave the gate is in last place in the points standing.  She is off to a slow start, apparently there is some issue with her not trusting the lead from the reins.  This should be interesting to watch to say the least.  Around the first pot hole and clearing the second, the driver gives a yank on the reins only to wind up in the pond.  Too bad that is a disqualification for them as a group of folks help them out of the pond.
The second pony and cart leave the line and head off at a good rate of speed.  Narrowly missing the pot holes and shooting directly between the ponds, they clear the first part of the trail and disappear into the woods.  The third team to leave the line misses the first pot hole, barely clears the second one and goes off course around the ponds.  They are not disqualified but will have points docked for the error.  I watch as they head off into the woods.  Not being able to see the action, but hearing the approval of the onlookers, phoebe is snorting and stomping the ground she wants to get this underway.  I tell her to follow my lead and do not take off fast.  Judging from the other teams performances, we are going to meet up with them very soon anyways, so no reason to hurry this one.
The flag drops and she gets a light tap from the buggy whip and we get underway.  Steering her between the pot holes is fairly easy and slowly heading towards the ponds, I gently guide her with the reins.  I will give her some room to run after the ponds and before the edge of the woods where the trail corners off.  As we clear the ponds, I signal for her to step up the pace.  She responds perfectly to my command and off we go at a brisk trot.  As we round the corner in the woods, I pull her back to a walk to await the next obstacle.  A tree is hanging low and partially blocking the trail.  I guide her around it with ease and slow her up a little more, as we come to another slight corner. 
This is going to be a test as there are large rocks in the trail ahead of us.  I slow phoebe to a crawl and guide her carefully through the maze.  A cart is sitting empty alongside the trail, indicating to me that one of the two other teams remaining is out of the competition for good.  I do hope there was no serious injury to the pony or the driver.  Rounding another corner and I am amazed at the next obstacle.  A hill with nearly a 25% grade that seems to go on forever into the trees.  I pull her to a stop and study the hill, knowing that we are in good standing in the points.
Phoebe is stomping the ground wanting to get this show on the road.  I can hear her heavy breathing at the same time, she is getting tired, but does have one more event to go after this, so I do need to save her as much as I can.  A flick of the reins and she takes off slowly.  I watch in amazement as she leans into the harness and pull with all her strength as we make our way up the hill.  Passing the halfway point, I can see her legs are really straining to maintain her balance and pull us up the hill.  Just beyond the halfway point, off in the trees in the other cart, the female pony is down, completely exhausted.  It is a good thing the blinders are on.  I have a feeling that seeing that would encourage her to take off like a shot.  I need her to remain steady and strong.  As the hill begins to level out. I let her pick up a little more speed watching the trail ahead for any obstacles.  As we round the last corner I see the finish line ahead and give her all the encouragement I can muster with the little whip.  I am amazed at how much she pours on the coals and heads to the finish line.  She crosses the line as the only female pony to finish the event.  The crowd is cheering her on as we make our way back to the shade alongside the stables.
I step off the cart and quickly give her as much juice as she can handle.  Breathing hard, I know she wants to sit down, but that cannot happen just yet.  I towel her off and work her legs to prevent them from cramping up.  I hand her off to the two hands that got her ready initially this morning and head over to talk with the judges.  It turns out that there are not enough female ponies left to compete in the final event and they extend an offer that I will not refuse.  Phoebe can run as the lead pony on the teams event if she is up for the task.  There are enough ponies left to run two courses if she runs lead on both of them.  I sign her up and head back over towards her.
I remove the bells from her legs and do the same with the bells on her nipples.  Opening up the blinders, I look into a pair of exhausted eyes.  I watch as they get wide when I explain what is going to happen next to her.  She shakes her head from side to side and stomps her hoof as if to refuse me.  I turn to the two hands still rubbing her legs and say, “unhook her from the sulkie and get her ready for the next event.”  The two men quietly acknowledge me and set about their task.  Phoebe is nearly begging me with her eyes not to force her to continue on with this.
I watch as she gives as much resistance as she can while being hitched up the lead pony position.  All the remaining positions are filled in slowly.  I give her another drink of juice and pat her on the ass and thank her for a most excellent day of fun so far.  “You had better not disappoint me,” is all I said as I walk towards the hay wagon and grab a seat.
The driver steps up onto the wagon and takes her place on the wagon.  The ponies on the left side are all reined together as are the ponies on the right side.  The main set of reins leads up to phoebe.  The driver releases the brake and flicks phoebe across the shoulders with her whip.  At first she hesitates, but then picks up her hoof and pulls forwards.  The other ponies all follow her lead.  We ride along the trail heading out into the woods for what should be an enjoyable outing.  I can tell the driver knows phoebe is exhausted and is not pushing her too hard.  For that I am thankful, but I do wish phoebe would pick up her hoofs a little higher with each step.
Fortunately the trail is perfectly level and the pace is slow as we round the last corner and head back in for the next round of passengers.  I will be allowed to ride on this one as well so that I can monitor phoebe to make she that she is still okay.  I give her as much juice again as she will drink.  Her eyes are begging me to end this.  She knows that it is useless to try and talk, it just comes out as burbles and babbles.  I work her legs for a few minutes while the passengers load and unload.
I chat with the next driver and ask him to be easy on her as she is about ready to drop from exhaustion.  He nods with understanding and releases the brake.  Giving phoebe some slack in the reins he uses the whip to encourage the male ponies to pick up the slack for her as we slowly make our way along the same loop.  About halfway along the trail he stops the wagon and tells me to hop off and give her a drink.  I do so quickly and give her as much as she can handle.  I can tell from her ragged breathing and shaking legs, that she is done.  I motion to the driver and begin to remove the tethers holding her to the rigging.  As she is freed I do my best to toss the tethers up onto the rigging and out of the way while holding her up.  I scoop up phoebe in my arms and walk around the rear of the wagon and place her onto it.  The other passengers applaud her efforts as they make room for her to lay out.  I begin to rub her legs as the driver gets underway with the remaining team.  Some of the men touch her and look at me with askance.  I nod and encourage them to comfort her.
Back at the stables, I lay her down in a stall filled with fresh straw.  At this point, I do not think she is even aware of her surroundings.  The two men assigned to care for her are standing behind me.  I turn to them and say, “make sure she is well fed, rub her down with liniment and see to it that she is thoroughly fucked in all holes before putting her to bed for the night.”  Phoebe is definitely alert as her eyes got very wide with the last part of my instructions to them.  With big grins on their faces, they closed the stall door behind them and began their work.  I can hear her moan through the bit gag as I exit the barn to collect my wager winnings and get something to eat.
The next morning I collect phoebe up from the stable and lay her across the back seat of the car.  She thanks me for the wonderful weekend and drifts back off to sleep before I even get the car door closed.  I hop in the front seat and fire up the engine for home.  Funny, gasoline power just does not have the kick it used to have for me any more.
