---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Boy Cage
authors:
- ZTVFemdomtales
tags:
- Solo-M
- club
- celebrate
- F-m
- femdom
- sex
- force
- climax
- cage
- stuck
- captive
- enslave
- cons-nc
- X
date: 2015-08-15 00:00:00
---

The 21st birthday. It signifies the end of childhood and the start of our journey into adulthood. I had mine last year and it marks a literal divide between the two halves of my life. The divide between the time I was free and the time when I belonged to her.

What’s a red blooded American male to do the day he reaches legal drinking age? Why go to a club of course! That’s exactly what my friends and I did. We went to one of the newer clubs that had just opened in the city called Gourmet. It served high end spirits and high end food and played only the best of the best in dance music. All together that meant we were paying way too much for this place.

My friends were off dancing with some girls they met while I sat nursing a drink. I’m not much of a dancer so I decided to sit this one out. As I watched I became aware of someone taking the seat next to me. Being the curious type I couldn’t help but turn enough to see who it was. I almost choked on my drink.

She was a gorgeous older redhead. She had long smooth legs with sexy red kitten heeled shoes. A short black skirt barely covered wide feminine hips. Strong arms jutted from a short sleeved black blouse that showed off her massive cleavage. The curly mane on her head framed a sad face. Maybe it was the booze or my own caring nature but I did something I never do. I spoke to her.

“Something bothering you, miss?”

“Is it that obvious?”

“I’m going to guess a guy.”

“Good guess. Yes my last love and I parted ways.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.”

“He and I got along pretty well until I showed him my jail cell.”

“Excuse me your what?”

“Oh it’s a bondage cage just big enough for one person to stand up in.”

She said this as if it were the most normal thing in the world.

“Well that’s interesting,” was all I could think to say.

“He didn’t think so. God I just want to find one guy who wants to be kept in a cage. Is that so much to ask?”

“I guess not.”

“You know what maybe it’s just my approach that’s bad. Maybe I should just kidnap some cute guy that way he has no choice but to stay in my cage.”

Now she was starting to scare me, but the topic was also turning me on to no end.

“Like you, I could easily drug you and get you home into my cage in about an hour. I think you’d look pretty cute locked up.”

“Thank you?”

“Hey Tom come here man,” my friend yelled.

“I’ve got to go sorry.”

“Don’t be, and thanks for listening.”

“Your welcome.”

Hours later I was coming out of the bathroom when I ran into her again. She was standing by herself along one of the walls.

“Oh hey Tom right? I just wanted to apologize for earlier. I probably freaked you out with all that cage talk huh.”

“Only a little.”

“I wasn’t joking though, I do find you very cute.”

She began running her hand down my chest.

“Listen I need a good rebound, how would you like a commitment free night of fun?”

“No cages?” I teased.

“No cages.”

She grabbed my hand and almost ran out of the club pulling me along behind. We took her car back to her place. As soon as we were through the door she was on me. She through me against the wall tongue deep in my throat as she very forcibly pulling my clothes off and tossing them aside. Once I was naked she pulled me to her and ran into her bedroom.

She threw me onto the bed before tearing off her own clothes. I had little time to admire her incredible body before she was on top of me. I’ve heard of it being called ‘making love’ but that was not this. No this was something more primal more animalistic. It was if she were trying to consume my body with hers.

It didn’t take long for both of us to climax together. I fell back onto the bed exhausted. She kept going. I was done and now her constant assaults were causing me far more pain than pleasure. I pleaded with her to stop but she seemed unable to hear me, lost in lust. In fear for my manhood I managed to pull myself free and run.

“Get back here!”

I ran blindly fear clouding my better judgment. I could hear her gaining on me. I ran into a nearby room spotting a door with a lock on it I ran through and slammed the door shut relieved to hear the sound of the lock engaging behind me.

Letting out a sigh of relief I turned to look at her. She just stood there with her arms crossed smiling at me smugly. Confused I looked around. Suddenly it hit me. I had just locked myself in the cage she had been talking about back at the bar.

“Don’t think that’s going to save you.”

She then flipped off the lights and left the room. I tried the door to my cage but found it would not budge. I was trapped. I spent a long sleepless night standing in this crazy woman’s cage. Sometime the next morning she came in wearing a tight business suit.

“Now I’ve got to go to work. Be good while I’m gone sweetie.”

“Wait you can’t …”

It was too late. She left closing the door behind him. I stood there dejectedly for hours on end. I was tired, I was hungry and I was tired. Oh yeah and I had to go to the bathroom. When she returned that night I had managed to sleep for a few minutes at random intervals but I was still tired, sore, hungry and about to explode.

“Let’s get you out of there.”

She unlocked the cage and led me out. On shaky legs I followed her to the bathroom and relieved myself. Then she took me to the kitchen where she sat me at the table and began feeding me. I was so tired and so hungry I failed to see how weird it was to eat stark naked at a stranger’s table.

When I was full she helped me up and led me to her bed and let me lay down. I was out like a light. I don’t know how much later it was when I awoke. All I knew was I was still on her bed and still naked. Then she came in from the bathroom naked as well. I could see the look on her face.

“Oh no not again …”

Too late she was on me and I was in her. She rode me to easy release pretty quickly. When I was done I lay panting in her arms. Suddenly she pulled me tightly to her.

“No getting away this time,” she told me.

The rest of the night I was held tightly in her embrace as she used me to her heart’s (or other organ’s) desire. The next morning I was just as tired and just as sore as I had been the day before. She helped me out of bed and walked me down the hall.

“Here let me help you get home,” she told me.

“Thank you.”

I leaned my head on her shoulder and closed my eyes for a second. Suddenly she shoved me forward and I hit something hard and metal. Opening my eyes I found myself back in her cage. She slammed the door shut locking it.

“Welcome to your new home.”
