---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/tomorrowibreakyou.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Tomorrow I Break You
authors:
- Cruelcanbekind
tags:
- FF/m
- D/s
- kidnap
- bond
- drug
- bdsm
- susp
- collar
- whip
- sleepsack
- immerse
- water
- torment
- toys
- oral
- anal
- nc/reluct
- XXX
---

Entry from the S(A)X Leather Bondage Story competition 2005

It had all started innocently enough about 8 weeks ago, but things were different now. much different.

Chris was 28 years old, 6 feet tall with a muscular build, short messy dark brown hair and bright blue eyes that girls almost always commented on. He was quite handsome, but very down to earth, he
took pride in his apperance and did his best to exercise and run. This gave him great endurance, which would serve him better than he could have ever known.

Chris was a new doctor and as such he spent much of his time
at the hospital and that simply did not leave much time for a social life
lately. When he finally had a weekend off he just wanted to crash-
sleep the weekend away and relax, but his college roommate Rick was in
town on bussiness and convinced him to go out for a few drinks.

PART I

Once at the bar both men started to relax after a few
drinks. Rick pointed out that the red head at the bar kept
staring at Chris, so he looked over, she was gorgeous
-perfection.

Black stilleto heals surronded perfectly manicured red
toenails and a wonderfully tall arch. Her shoes accentuated the
muscular smooth calves extneding up to a short black skirt just above her
knee, her perfect rear extended up to her impossibly small waist. She
must be corseted Chris thought to himself. Her tight white blouse acentuated
her perfect 34 c breasts and around her neck was a beautiful gleaming
chrome cleopatra collar.

She gave a wink and a smile, exposing her perfect features
jade green eyes and porcelin skin. Then quickly looked away, her
fiery red mane swinging in the air as she did.

"Go to talk to that girl NOW!" Rick demanded

"No, i couldn't"

"Just do it you wimp. The tab says you cant get her
number."

"Alright fine, about time you had to pick up the
bill" Chris said, laughing.

"hi. i noticed you from across the room and wanted to
come and introduce myself. my name is Chris"

"Well i am glad you did sweety. My name is Eve or
Mistress Eve if you like " she said smiling.

Chris chuckled. "Very well Mistress Eve. can i..."

Eve inturrupted, "Buy me a drink please, a nice glass
of wine, red of course and get yourself another as well"

Chris smiled. "Of course"

As they turned back towards the bar Chris could see that under her blouse was a tee shirt with the words spanking is not punishment. "Who is this girl he
though to himself. They talked for a few more minutes, she seemed to know him, it was as though she could read his mind. Chris was perfectly at
ease with this woman, and yet completely baffled by her.

She asked "CCould you please walk me to my car Chrissy, I need to be going, and this neighboorhood?"

"Chrissy??" he thought. "Well i am sorry to
hear that, but certainly, though I am pretty sure you could take care of yourself!"

As they walked to the car, Chris began to feel a bit light
headed and began to lose his balance. Eve steadied him.

"Careful pet," she cooed softly

"I didn't think I drank that much, I guess my tolerance
is a bit low these days," laughing.

"Well here is my car."

"Wow" Chris thought, "she has remarkable
taste." as they approached the large new black audi.

Chris stumbled again, and leaned against the cars trunk.
"I dont know what is wrong with me? I do wish you would have parked a
little closer though."

"I know what is wrong with you" Eve announced.
"and there is a reason I am parked in such a secluded spot."

Chris tried to focus his eyes on her perfect red lips,
concentrating to understand. "What?" Chris said sounding a bit
puzzled.

"Well you see I have had my eye on you for awhile. I
like the way you look and I know what you are into." Eve began.
'it took a bit of arranging, but I knew I could get you into my claws."

"Who are You, and what are You nuts?"

"No pet, just a discriminating collector" she
laughed

Chris decided he best leave, but as he turned she grabed his
arm, as she did Chris heard a click and saw the trunk opening. He
tried to knock her arm away but he was feeling so woozy now he could not
really fight back.

"Its no use Chrissy, you see that is my bar and I own
that bar tender. She was kind enough to slip you a tranquilizer with your
drink.

Despite Chris's strength, Eve easily turned him around now
facing the trunk, before he knew what was happening she produced a set
of double locking handcuffs from her purse, pulled
Chris's arms behind him and with a click Chris's arms were now
immobiliized.

"There that should help"

Chris could barely struggle, but the adrenaline surge was
making his mind a little more alert. "Listen you crazy bitch, get your
hands off me. Somebody HEL...." he began to scream, but Eve
quickly shooved a gag into his mouth and buckled it shut.

"There that is better." she remarked

Chris chocked a bit on the silicone rubber penis gag,
and was also a bit humiliated by having it in his mouth.

Headlights were approaching, rescue was near, double
locking leg irons were quickly locked to his legs,
and Chris was ruthlessly shoved into the trunk face first. He looked up
just in time to see the lid come down and now all was dark. The car started
and off they went. "No rescue, and where is this nut taking me?"
Chris thought.

As the adrenaline wore off the tranquilizers won out and
Chris slipped into the darkness. He awoke to the sound of gravel
hitting the wheel wells, he had no idea where they were or how long he had
been out.

PART II

The car stopped and the trunk sprung open, there was nothing
Chris could do, he wanted to fight, but he was still druged, his arms and
legs were bound and very stiff from being locked into the trunk. All he
could manage was a mmph mmph! into his gag.

Eve laughed, "That is useless Chrissy, you are mine now
dear, deal with it! Now we will get you out of that trunk so you can stretch
a bit before we begin. Can you be good? You dont want to see what
happens if you are bad." she glared down.

Chris nodded. "This woman was serious he thought. I'll
wait for my chance"

A second woman appoached, she was slender and
very beautiful, long dark hair pulled into a poney tail, dark eye makeup
behind a leather catmask. She was dressed in a zip
front g-string, no cup bra, with chains outlining her perfect
breasts and pierced nipples. A suspender belt held up
fishnet thigh high stockings, which ran down to her knee high platform
boots. A plain leather collar with a name tag that
simply read slave was fastened tightly around her neck.

The two women pulled Chris out of the trunk, and
draged him inside, down a flight of stairs into what could only be descibed
as a dungeon.

"Now slut: Eve began, " I know what you
want, I know what you are into. I know the things that you don't admit to
your friends. I have seen your personal ads trying to find a dominant
woman. I know that you have seen professional Mistresses in the past"

how did she know all this about him he thought

Chris shook his head No

"Please slut, these woman were my friends and you see
gwen here, well she is a expert with computers and she tracked you down when
i saw one of your ads. Well you wanted it worm, and now you
shall have it. Here you will stay until I grow tired of you and you best
hope that I do not grow tired of you!!"

"Now gwen will remove that penis gag
you have been enjoying, and I will do my best to forget that you called your
Mistress a bitch, but you best be on you best behavior. Understand?"

Chris nodded in agreement, and gwen removed the gag from his
aching jaw, as a bit of drool ran down his chin.

"Aw isnt that cute, he is like a little baby" the
two women laughed.

"My friend saw me leave with you. People will look for
me." Chris said, "You cannot just keep me here"

"Ah yes Rick" she began

"How does she know his name"

"Well he is into me for quite a bit of money, and you
see, he was all too willing to help set this up, not such a good friend"
she giggled. "You see you are mine, now we shall begin!"

PART III

Gwen approached from behind placing a cloth over Chris' nose
and mouth. "Chlorofrom he thought as everything went dark.

After undoing his cuffs gwen affixed leather
bondage wrist restraints to each wrist then fit a spreader
bar between his ankles. A leather bondage posture collar with
d rings on each side and in front was then locked around Chris'
neck.

Chris began to come to.

"Hurry" Eve instucted.

Gwen clipped Chris wrists together with a marin snap
and attached them to a cable from the ceiling winch.

"What the hell are you doing" Chris exclaimed as
he was hoisted into the air. He was left just able to support his weight in
his tip toes. "Let me go you crazy bitches!"

gwen gasped

"Now you have done it Chrissy. You should have been a
good girl!" Eve sternly announced. She walked to a wall covered with
whips, floggers, and paddles of all shapes and sizes.

Chris's eyes widened. "No please, don't I am
sorry!

"Oh pet, you will be sorry, it is too late for
apologies now, you must learn.

Eve said with an utter lack of emotion. She reached for a round
paddle, the blade of which was about cheek size. "We shall
start with this." she said approaching Chris.

She ran her hands all over his body, caressing his chest,
gently pinching his nipples, stroking his cock and giggling as it became
hard. "You have been betrayed little girl" she laughed.

"Please I am sorry just let me go. I wont tell
anyone. Please"

"Soon you will beg like that to lay at my feet, and do
my bidding." It landed on his rear so fast Chris did not even see
the swing.

"uhh..".

"Oh we can do better than that. I want to hear you
scream." the blows then cam one after another after another.

Chris did not make another peep.

"I see a strong willed one that can endure some pain I
like that" Eve hissed, reaching for a studded strop paddle.

This hurt raising large welts along Chris's cheeks, but
still he resisted. "I am not giving her the satisfaction" he
thought.

Next came the cat o nine tails flogger,
leaving long red bands each time it came down on his back, and then across
his chest, across his thighs, and on his cock and balls. He still did not
give into the searing pain.

"Oh I like this one" Eve exclaimed to gwen,
halting the beating. Very good Chrissy, but we are not quite done" she
said giggling. "gwen, begin." she instructed.

gwen began severe sexual teasing, carressing Chris body
sucking on his nipples and then licking his penis and balls, swirling her
tongue around keeping him right on the edge of orgasm.

"No, god don't come, not like this, not in front of this
Eve" Chris thought

He couldnt hold on though he would not make it, just then
whack, the straight cane came across his ass, then again,
and again faster and faster.

The pain was searing, but gwen kept at it keeping him right
at the edge of orgasm.

He could not take anymore, he screamed out "please
Mistress Eve. Please stop this!" the stikes stopped and gwen brought
him the most amazing orgasm he had ever had.

Chris slumped in his bonds.

"You see pet good things come to you when you
give me what I want. Now you will rest, tomorrow will be a long day for
you." Eve lovingly said, kissing Chris gently on his forehead.

gwen rubbed soothing ointment all over Chris's body,
then using a latex gloved hand coated his anal passage with
warmed innuendo gel, before glidding an inflatable
butt plug into his ass. Chris tried to resist but was simply
exhausted.

gwen inflated the bulb until Chris felt very full, two stainless
steel ball stretchers were then stacked pushng his balls
away from his body, and stretching the skin very tight.

Eve caressed his cheek. "Soon we will be able to stack
four or five rings once those balls start to strech a bit, and yes I know
that plug can be a bit uncomfortable, but it will help you prepare for strap-on
training tomorrow. I cant wait to take away that virginity" she
said just before she slipped the leather slave hood over his head,
lacing it up tight and sealing out the world.

The spreader bar was then removed, Chris's legs forced
together and he was wrapped form his toes to his chest in vet wrap.
gwen placed japanese clover clamps on his nipples and Eve gave them a
good tug causing them to tighten up.

"Those will hurt more when they come off in the
morning': she said gleefully.

His arms were then brought down and the mummification was
finished to his neck, and he was laid flat.

"Sweet dreams pet, tomorrow I break you" she
whisppered.

PART IV

Chris struggled in his bonds for a few moments but
realized he was not going anywhere. Exhausted and confussed, with his mind
racing, he drifted in and out of sleep, his body ached from the
whippings, his ass was stretched to its limits, and his nipples were
throbbing with pain.

He had no idea how long he had been there when a metallic
click woke him. He was roughly pulled up onto his mummified
feet by his neck via the pulley in the ceiling. He would grow to hate that
winch system..

The vet wrap was cut away, and his hood removed. Chris was
free, but his stiff sore limbs would barely cooperate and his eyes could
not adjust to the searing bright lights shinning in his face.

He looked around..."No one" he exclaimed,.
"This is my chance". he reached for the very tight posture
collar. It was padlocked shut, and locked to the winch chain. He pulled at
both with all of his strength.

He did not see the blow that caught him across the cheek
knocking him off balance.

"Is this how my kindness is rewarded" Mistress
Eve asked, as she laid another smack across Chris' face leaving a bright
red hand print. "I do something nice, freeing you so that you
can stretch those muscles and you insult my gesture by trying to run
away?"

Another smack across his face, this one from Eve's slave
girl gwen, who Chris had not seen enter the dungeon.

Today Mistress Eve was dressed in a latex catsuit,
terminating in fingerless gloved hands revealing long black sharp nails,
and a high collar, wrapping under her perfectly chisled jaw line. She wore
dark eye make up, accentuating her green eyes and red hair. It was all
capped off by latex platform knee high boots, and a black and red latex
underbust corset. She was gorgeeous

gwen was dressed similarly, except her catsuit had cut out
breasts, and an open crotch, and around her neck was an impossibly tall
neck corset.

"Now what do you have to say to me about that
slave?" Eve demanded!

"Listen just let me out of here, I dont know why you
want me, or what you have planned but just...."

gwen had reached to slap Chris again, but now he saw her
coming, catching her hand and pulling her close to him.

"Enough of this shit, NOW, undue this lock or I
will..."

Eve inturrepted "or you will what?" she said
with utter disgust and dissapointment. Before Chris had a chance to
respond, up went the winch pulling him first up on to his toes and then
several inches off the ground. The tight leather collar bit into his
neck, cutting off his breathing, and the flow of blood to his head.

" I am waiting worm...'or you will what'?"

Chris tried to maintain his grip, but his already weakened
body was faltering as he was completely deprived of air. His grip
weakend, his vision began to blur, and his grip faltered. The last thing
he remembered before he slipped into unconciousness was the vast aroma of
rubber coming off of the beautiful gwen filling his nose.

PART V

When he awoke, the room was pitch black, he was upright
but he could not move more than a few inches. Once the lights came on
Chris could see that his feet were spread and attached to rings in
the floor about three feet apart. His arms were pulled overhead, attached
at the wrists to a spreader bar, the bar was in turn attached to that
dammed ceiling winch.

A thick leather belt with straps that ran diagonally
through his crotch was mercilessly tightened around his waist. From rings
on each side, were two taught cables running in a V shape to rings
in at waist height about 10 feet from each other on each side wall. This
kept him from moving his waist or legs an inch. A fifth cable ran from the
front ring on his posture collar to a winch in the wall in front of him
also at about waist level. The plug was still in his ass, and the
clover clamps on his nipples.

Eve strolled in, her heals clicking on the floor with each
slow purposeful step towrds Chris, over her shoulder was coiled a single
tail whip.

gwen followed. Both now wore long thick black strap on
cocks.

"You have been a very disobedient girl this morning!
You insulted my kindness, and actually had the nerve to touch gwen without
permission and then give me orders!" Eve said, and then sighed. She
stared at Chris

Chris lowered his head, for the first time he was
frightened of this woman. He knew she was serious, and did not think he
could take another merciless beating, certainly not with a single tail.

Eve again approached.

"Mistress" Chris said meakly.

"Yes slut" she said incredulouslly!

"Mistress I am very very sorry, to both You and to
ms. gwen. I was wrong, I was confused. I... I guess I was just
taking Your kindness for granted, and thinking about my own wants
instead..." .he paused. "Instead of Yours."

Eve stopped walking. "I see she said". She
thought to herself, "he does indeed sound sorry and for the first
time he sounds submissive.... he will be broken today." she
smiled to herself. " I see slut, I do believe that you regret
what you did, but only because you fear what is to come."

Chris began to speak but quickly silenced himself.

"Speak slut" Eve demanded

Yes Mistress, you are right, I am fearful, but I do know
that grabbing gwen and being disrespectful to a beautiful woman like you
was wrong."

Eve spoke " That is good. a good start. Now you know
that your actions have consequences and those consequences can be severe,
and now you will learn just how severe! Oh but I do appreciate your
apology"

At that very moment Chris was covered in a powerful blast
of freezing cold water. It must have been a fire hose, blasting his body,
and there was nothing he could do to move out of the way or protect
himself in such stringent bondage. The force of the water felt like
being pelted with rocks, it went on until he could no longer bear.

Chris let out a scream, a plea for mercy.
""Please Mistress make it stop!"

The water stopped as Eve waved her latex clad hand in the
air at gwen. Chris shook, the freezing water had left him numb...
shivering. Black and blue marks were already begining to form on the few
parts of his body that Chris's stringent bondage allowed him to see. He
slumped in his bonds. "Thank You Mistress Eve...thank You for
Your kindness."

Chris was beginning to learn how to please this woman.
gwen approached and began to towel Chris off with a warm soft towel. An
overhead heat lamp clicked on, and as gwen gently rubbed him dry he began
to warm up.

"Thank you gwen, " Chris said "thank you
both for Your kindness.

Eve approached "Are you beginning to understand
Chrissy? do you see how this will work" she slowly stroked his body,
running her gloved hands over his lips, stomach, down his hips and back up
to his chest. She carressed his sore still clamped nipples. "You are
a yummy specimen crissy." and with that she undid the clamps,
allowing a powerful surge of blood to flow into Chris's nipples.

Chris bit his bottom lip and let out a whimper.

Eve pressed and rubbed his nipples helping take the pain
away.

Chris struggled throught the pain, on the verge of
sobbing...'"Thank you mistress"

Well you are welcome kitten.

gwen wrapped a blanket over Chris's shoulders, adjusted
the heat lamp, and the two women walked out of the room. The light went
dark, and Chris slowly slumped in his bonds and drifted to sleep
standing in his bondage.

PART VI

Chris awoke starteled to the overhead lights coming on, he
wasn't sure how long he had been asleep but he did not feel anymore
rested. In reality it had only been a little more than a half hour,
part of eves plan was to keep Chris on the verge of complete exhaustion.

"Feeling bettter crissy?" Eve asked with a
barely concealed smile.

"Ahh... yes mistress thank You" Chris stammered.

"Good then we can get started again"

gwen deflated the plug and slid the plug slowly out of
Chris's now very sore ass, after a few seconds Eve began to smack Chris
ass. "Are you forgetting your manners again crissy?"

"OH! no, sorry! thank You for removing the
plug." he quickly said.

Eve stopped spanking and smiled warmly at Chris, "You
are welcome my dear." she slowly stroked his sore rear.

Chris smiled at Eve, quickly averting his eyes. "What
is happening to me he thought. These people are insane, and now I am
starting to feel good when I please her, and I am longing for her tender
touch? You are just tired he thought, you are not thinking
clearly. Yes that is it"

Eve seemed to know what he was thinking as she studied his
puzzled \_expression. She ran her finger across his cheek and down his
collared neck, moving closer and gently embracing him. "No my dear
you are not losing your mind, you are just beginning to understand the way
it is. That makes me very very happy kitten." she held him a bit
tighter.

Chris slumped again in his bonds, wanting to melt into her
arms, to return her embrace.

PART VII

Eve stepped back, the cable holding Chris's arms above his
head went slack and Chris's arms dropped to his side.

"Another chance to get away" he thought briefly,
but that thought disappeared as quickly as it came. This would be
the last time Chris would think of escape.

Chris's arms were exhausted and numb from being
overhead so long. "Thank you, Mistress."

"Oh well aren't you sweet, you are welcome
kitten." Eve smiled. "now let us get you all nice and cleaned up
and ready for what comes next."

His hands were quickly fastened together and a short cable
was used to pull his hands up to the middle of his back and clipped to a
ring on the back of the posture collar.

"Next?", Chris mumbled. "god what more
could she do to me," he thought.

Just then the winch on the wall activated and pulled
Chris's body forward causing him to bend at his immobile waist. gwen
inserted a flexible tube, and before Chris could object warm fluid was
running into his ass, he almost immediatally began to cramp, flexing his
strong abdominal muscles.

"Oh dear. is this your first enema, crissy?"

"Uh yes Mistress."

"Well it will certainly not be your last, you will
learn to appreciate them, this way I always know you are nice and clean
inside, and that you will not have to go at an inoportune time. Now just
take deep breaths, and try to relax, the first bag is almost empty."

Chris was humiliated. "And where do they expect me to
go?" he thought looking around the room, feeling very full.

"Shall i hang the second bag Mistress," gwen
asked?

"Oh certainly dear. You can take another bag
for me can't you crissy" Eve said tenderly caressing Chris's face and
chest?

A cold tingle ran down Chris's spine, "Yes mistress
as you desire." he could not believe what he was saying, and he did
not want another punishment.

"Good then, be sure and hold every last drop in. It
took a lot of boys a long time to fill those bags with cum." Eve
laughed!

"What!" Chris blurted out in shock, and then
quickly silenced himself. "Was she actually filling him with some
mans semen?"

"Oh yes my dear, didn't you know. Well you have heard
of soap suds enemas well this is a semen enema. Eve looked at gwen
and the two women laughed.

"The second bag is in Mistress Eve"

"Good," said Eve. Now we shall just wait and see
how long crissy can hold all that semen in his little reseptacle."
she laughed again.

"They intend me to mess myself right here>"
Chris thought, "well i wont!"

"Oh crissy, you are fun but you won't be able to hold
it in for much longer. It is no use resisting me. I want to see you mess
yourself and I will. Don't be embarrassed, just give in. Its what I want.
and I know you want to make me happy>" she said as she began
stroking his cock.

Chris's cock quickly became hard in her gloved hand and
she laughed again. "You see this little clitty likes to please
me."

Chris felt the warm liquid begin to trickle down his
thighs, as the cramps became unbearable. He could not hold it any longer.
Eve stroked his cock, and Chris lost the battle.

"Hooray," Eve exclaimed. "you see that was
nice." she turned to gwen. "give him another."

When they were finished Chris was roughly brought
into a 45 degree angle, still bent at his immobilized waist. gwen began to
clean Chris with a sponge and warm water.

It felt very nice," Chris thought. He was becoming
very appreciative of any kind act.

"Thank you, gwen," he said

"Oh you are welcome crissy," came a reply form
Eve, as gwen began to lick and suck Chris's cock, quickly causing a
bulging erection.

"God this girl gives the most amazing blow jobs i
have ever experienced" Chris thought.

Within another second, Chris felt cool lube being applied
to his asshole. "Now you shall lose your virginity to me," Eve
said coldly as she slid the large black latex intruder into Chris' ass.

gwen continued to pleasure Chris, and the strap-on didn't
hurt, the night in the plug and the enema had relaxed his sphincter to the
point where the monster simply slid in and out. In fact, Eve masterfully
pumped Chris ass stimulating his prostate with each thrust.

It felt amazing. Chris was humiliated, vowing not to cum
like this. Swearing not to give these she devils the satisfaction, he
fought with all his might.

Eve leaned forward gently pinching Chris's nipples. "Dont
fight it dear, it is inevitable. You will not cum again in your life with
simultaneous humiliation, pain, or both." she pinched harder.

Chris fought it off, knowing he could not last much
longer. "God this gwen was amazing," he thought. That was it, he
exploded in the most intense orgasm he had ever had, pumping what seemed
to be gallons into gwen mouth, his body shaking. She sat still taking
every drop, and Eve thrust the intruder home, burying it to its base.

"There was that so hard. Good girl crissy."

gwen came close to Chris's face.

"Now open wide Chrissy" Eve commanded. Chris
hesitated and tried to look away. "Trust me kitten it is easier to
learn to accept cum in your mouth when it is your own, but I can
find someone else to fill your mouth if you like."

Chris obliged and gwen let every last drop fall into Chris'
mouth.

"There. Now swallow it down, don't waste a drop."

Chris complied. Beaten. Humiliated.

Chris was pulled upright again. gwen approached holding a
small container. She began to smooth the cool ointment all over Chris's
body starting at his toes, being careful not to miss an inch. It warmed as
she applied it.

"It did feel good" Chris thought. "very
relaxing."

Eve approached, "Does that feel good crissy, I hope
so, this will remove any hair permenantly."

"What?" Chris exclaimed, and then quickly caught
himself and silenced his protest.

Eve smiled. "You see I can't stand body hair on my
girls."

gwen began to apply the cream to Chris' face.

Eve continued, "We will leave your eyebrows,
which we will wax into a more feminine shape, and your hair which we will
grow out and dye a pleasing color." she paused

Chris looked up at her, their gaze locked.

"Oh yes crissy I do plan to feminize and transform
you." she paused again. "Just as I did with greg here."
turning to look at gwen who was now finished applying the cream.

"What!" Chris thought. "this gorgeous woman
had been a man? and now he was to share his, ah her fate?"

"Wait, Mistress please..." Chris began

Eve placed her finger on Chris's lips silencing him.
"Not now kitten. I will give you a chance to ask questions, and plead
your case in time. After you have beeen able to think about things a
bit." she smiled.

"This is too much," Chris thought, his heart was
racing his breathing fast.

Eve came close and embraced him lovingly. "Shhh, pet.
just relax. I wo'nt do anything you are not ready for. You will be alright.
trust me crissy"

Strangely Chris was begining to trust her.

PART VIII

"Now we are going to untie you. Can you be
good?" Eve said. More as a statment than a question.

Chris nodded yes, besides he was far too exhausted to put
up much of a fight. The two women set to releasing Chris and quided him
onto the ground.

"Now I promised I would give you a chance to think
about what I have said, and what has happened here. You will spend some
time meditating on all of this.

gwen walked to a dark corner of the room, and turned on a
dim overhead light. There was a large deep bath tub. 7 feet long, 3 feet
deep and 3 feet wide. Over it ran tracks so that the ceiling winch system
could be slid from the middle of the room to over the tub.

"It will just take us a minute to get you set
up."

gwen pulled a large rusty brown object out of the water
and came close to Chris. As she spread it out he could see it was a sleep
sack.

Eve began again." This is a special sleep sack crissy.
it is made to your exact specifications. well.." she laughed,
"not your exact specifications. It is just a little bit
smaller." she smiled. "and the really wonderful part is, it is
made of rawhide, which will really shrink up and get nice and tight as it
drys.

The two women pulled Chris over onto the opened bag, and
began to position him. Chris tried to struggle as much as he could,
but in his weakend condition it was of little use.

Chris legs were slid into individual sleeves, the same was
true of his arms, they then set about tightening the laces begining
at his toes, they worked together makeing sure it was laced as tight
as possible.

"The laces are rawhide too, so they will get tighter
as they dry out too. Wonderful isn't it?" they paused at his
crotch to insert a catheter.

When they got to his chest they paused, temporarily tying
off the laces.

"Gwen dear, please retrieve the mouth piece."
Eve instructed.

She returned carrying a small plastic box.

"This is a wonderful piece crissy, you will love
it."

Eve sat across Chris's chest and removed a black
rubber object from the box. Chris could see it was an exact mold of
his mouth, with two long rubber tubes running from the front and out the
back.

"This tube will go down your airway so you can
breath, and this one will go in your throat so we can give you
nourishment. Wonderful isn't it?" Eve said

Chris tried to strugllle but it was useless. "No
way!" he said

"Now open up deary"

Chris sealed his lips. gwen placed her latex clad hand
over his nose and lips. Chris eyes pleaded with gwen for help, his lungs
burned for air, he was close to unconciousness. gwen released his mouth,
but held his nose shut. As Chris gasped for air, Eve slid a dental gag in
between his teeth locking his mouth open, she waited a moment for Chris to
catch his breath, and then sprayed some local anesthetic on the back of
his throat. She slid the two tubes into place, with very little
gagging from Chris, as gwen pinned Chris head down.

Eve then slid the latex mold about half way in from one
side, removed the dental gag, and slid the mold home. She pushed Chris jaw
closed.

There now. it is such a perfect fit that the suction
will keep you from opening your mouth or spitting it out. We had this made
when you first got here while you were still unconcious. We know you would
be staying awhile.

"The mold was perfect,' Chris thought. It pinned his
tongue to the floor of his mouth. "I cant even move my tongue."

One last thing before we finish. gwen pulled Chris
shoulders up off the ground, and Eve began to fit a molded metal posture
collar, which went from his shoulders, and extended up cuppping his chin.

Chris could now not even shrug his shoulders or turn his
head a millimeter.

"We had this especially made too, it will make sure
you are not strangled once the rawhide starts to contract." Eve said.
she could now see the fear in Chris's eyes. She smiled.

A set of goggles were fit over Chris's eyes.
Adhesive was used ot hold them in place. Chris would later learn they
contained small tv sets. Ear plugs with small speakers were then fitted in
Chris' ears and glued in place, another set of plugs was glued into Chris
nostrils forcing him to breath only through the tube.

"We dont want you getting water in your ears."

"Water?" Chris said to himself?

Chris heard Eve through the ear phones "Now just on
last thing, since you were so uncooperative, and so set on keeping your
mouth shut. I will help you to keep it shut for awhile, I think we will
sew those sweet lips shut."

Eve pulled on a pair of sterile gloves, and gwen
handed her a suturing kit.

Chris tried to howl in protest. but all that was heard was
afaint "mmmmm mmm mmmm!"

Eve put twenty stitches through Chris lips, dabbing the
spots of blood as she went, completely sealing them off except for where
the tubes exited.

Chris was now completely broken, he would never resist
this woman will again he thought.

He quietly moaned into his gag as the finished lacing on
the hood.

Chris could feel the rawhide becoming unbearably tight, as
he was hoisted into the air, and glided along the tracks, coming to
rest over the tub.

Over the next week a timer would give the rawhide
time to dry out, crushing Chris in its grasp, and then randomly submerge
him in ice cold water, soaking the rawhide, and starting the cycle anew.

Through the ear phones came phrases Mistress thought Chris
should know: "Yes mistress, as you wish mistress, i am your slave, i
exist to serve you, and so on."

Over the monitors in the eye pieces where images of
bondage and torture.

Eve knew that when Chris was released he would be
different, he would be hers, her slave, and she knew that then they could
begin Chris' real training and transformation.

30.01.12 (Reposted)
