---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: My Mistress Took Out the Garbage
authors:
- Veronica Vinyl
tags:
- F/m
- D/s
- bdsm
- bagged
- dumpster
- cons
- X
date: 2007-03-06 00:00:00
---

Hi everybody, this is an absolutely true experience. I had the most
intense experience tonight. I'm literally writing this mere hours
after my Mistress threw me in the dumpster. I'm sending it out while its fresh in my memory, but
let me tell this from the beginning.

Mistress Kiva has been my
Mistress for years and we have indulged many of our fantasies both
mine and hers. We've made lots of fetish videos together and traveled
all over the country selling my fetish erotic art and her fabulous
fetish toys.
You can see Mistress Kiva at [www.mistresskiva.com](http://www.mistresskiva.com) and my art
[www.veronicavinyl.com](http://www.veronicavinyl.com)

A couple nights ago we took a walk during the
glooming on the banks of a beautiful lake and soon our conversation
turned all the fabulous fetish fantasies we have yet to indulge. So
Mistress Kiva asked me what I would like to do. My mind reeled I have
so many fantasies I have yet to explore. I am a devote and completely
perverted fetishist. I finally settled on one I thought we could
achieve in short order in the comfort of our dungeon gallery. We had
to act fast though as we are moving our dungeon to a bigger
facility.

You see around the side of building is a big steel
dumpster. I explained my fantasy to the Mistress and she was
delighted.
So last night I arrived at the dungeon with a new purchase in hand.

Mistress Kiva ordered me to my knees and informed me, "Its about time
I threw out the garbage! "

She then presented her high-heeled foot in
my face and said, "I stepped in some sticky mess earlier. I want
you to lick it clean."

It was really disgusting what ever it was. It
was sweet and gritty with dirt and I crawled forward on my hands and
knees and began to lick it clean. All of it. I didn't hesitate even
with Mistress Kivas' straight vanilla friend David watching me debase
myself in front of her. I am a good slave.

When Mistress was satisfied she dragged me by the hair to the center
of the room and told me to kneel. She then brought out her dreaded
single tail whip. I bought it for her as an apology for causing her
embarrassment at a Fetish convention years ago. She knew I was scared
of the whip. By buying the whip, it was more than a 'I'm sorry', it was
declaration of my absolute trust in her and her skills as a
professional dominitrix.

Mistress started in on my back and she
said, "You better not even whimper. Because I know exactly what you can
take."

David who had been laughing at the whole situation up until
that point suddenly went very quiet. I think up until that point he
thought Mistress and i were only role playing and that our S/m
lifestyle was merely slap and tickle bedroom games. Thirty kisses of
the whip later and I was completely in my submissive role.

"Time to
take out the garbage!" Mistress said as she opened the gift box of
the fifty gallon trash bags.

She opened the trashbag and said, "Get
in there you piece of garbage."

Without hesitation I stepped into
the bag. and squeezed down into it. Mistress kicked me over and
pulled two more trashbags around me. She handed me a piece of
aquarium tubing and said, "You better not wimp out on me. You're
garbage now."

And then she pulled the top of the bag over my head and around the tube,
then tied it off with a zip tie. I stuck the tube in my mouth and
began to suck air greedily as the temperature inside the bag immediately
started to climb. I felt panic swelling up inside me as the air
quickly was spent in the sealed bags. The big problem is that I am claustrophobic. I remember
one time Mistress bound me and locked me in a steamer trunk. I
thought I was going to die. This was worse. Still I said nothing as I
knew I was just Mistresses' trash on its way to the dump. I would not
disappoint Mistress Kiva I would be garbage.

Mistress and her friend David were
laughing and chatting as they dragged me across the floor. I was
spinning in all directions and bouncing off their knees, the heat
grew even more stifling inside the bags. I didn't know where I was until the air I
was sucking through the tube became colder. I could then feel the cement
under my butt cheeks. Mistress Kiva and David took a lot of effort
trying to lift me into the dumpster, at one point my head struck the
pavement. "Ouch!" I complained.

Mistress Kiva kicked the bag with
my ribs just inside. "Shut up garbage. Trash doesn't talk! Time to be
thrown away."

Up I went and over the lip and down into the dumpster
face first. Part of the top of the bag opened and my face popped
out. I rolled and thrashed until I was mostly on my back resting on
soft bags of garbage all around me.

Mistress looked in on me. "Wheew it
stinks in there!"

I smiled weakly, gasping and gagging. Mistress wasn't
in the least bit affected.

"Its about 2 a.m. and today the truck comes
for the pick up. I should have done this to you a long time ago. You are not to
try to climb out of there. You are to stay where I put you. Is that
understood garbage?"

I nodded my agreement, as she had already told
me garbage doesn't talk. I wasn't about to disobey her. Even if I had
to stay all night and get hauled away to the city dump. I would never
disobey my Mistress.

Mistress turned to David and said, "Lets go and clean
out the refrigerator."

Then she slammed the two lids on the dumpster
and I was left alone, discarded, thrown away and completely
humiliated. Or that's what I thought.

After a half an hour Mistress
and David returned. They opened the lid to the dumpster and threw
two very heavy bags in without even looking. One bag burst open and
curdled milk splashed my face and ran down my neck. I heard Mistress
Kiva giggle and she walked back inside. Now my humiliation
was complete, I truly was just a bag of trash in amongst all the
other trash and I waited and listened to the trash as it settled around me
and on top of me.

Pretty incredible fun I'd had tonight, the fear of being discovered or
hauled away was worth the experience alone. It's a shame the digital
camera wasn't up, but Mistress Kiva had so much fun. She informed me
she is going to do it again, next week. I heard her on the phone
telling another Mistress that she threw me away in the garbage and
her friend is going to join us. Mistress Kiva this time promises that
she is going to up the ante in the fear factor department as she
thought I didn't seem convinced of her disposal intentions.

I can't
wait. I am the luckiest little slave on planet earth to have a
Mistress who not only indulges but intensifies my kinky musings.

I
love Mistress Kiva

Carpe Noctem
Veronica

[www.veronicavinyl.com](http://www.veronicavinyl.com)
[www.mistresskiva.com](http://www.mistresskiva.com)

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=828.0)
