---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Mama's Little Sucker
authors:
- Anonymous
tags:
- FF/m
- shrink
- giantess
- bond
- boxed
- teased
- sucked
- swallow
- tour
- messy
- soft
- nc
- X
date: 2009-02-06 00:00:00
---

also appears devouredstories

For as long as mankind can remember, eating has evolved from a simple
means of survival to an art-form. But evolution has a funny way of changing
it's course. For there is coming a time when eating will be more than a
Platable pleasure, but a pleasureable punishment. Huh---? you say...

Well allow me to explain,

A few years back there was a family... the Carters. They were no different
than any other family of the 90's. There was Betty Carter (48), a single
working mom of two children, Jimmy (16) and Sarah (20). Ms. Carter was
a spritefull woman for her age and fairly attractive. She had shoulder-length
dusty-blonde hair, was slim and fit, with a sharp mousy nose. She was a
hard-worker and would often times come home 3-4 hours late.

Her eldest daughter Sarah was just as spritely as her mother and just
as beauftifull as was her mother at her age. She inhereted the sharp features
of her mother's nose, but age had not yet turned it into a mouse. She youthfull
and active, playing all sorts of sports while at the same time maintaining
her studies at college.Under the advice of her mother, she still lived
at home and so sibling feuds were not uncommon affairs between her and
her younger brother, Jimmy.

Now Jimmy on the other hand was quite a different story. Being the only
male in an all-female houseold, Jimmy was the rebel. He would agitate his
siter and mother just to get a rise out of them. He was actually not like
his mother or sister in any way and in fact he thought that he was adopted.
Of course, his mother would not tell him either way if this was true or
not. This relationship continued between Jimmy, his sister and mother until
one day Jimmy went too far with his annoying behaviour and turned the whole
household upside down in turmoil. 'What to do, What to do?' thought Jimmy's
mother. 'Lord knows I try!'

The following few days there was silence in the house until on the 5th
day since the argument Betty brought home one of her friends and introduced
her to Jimmy and Sarah.

"This is Jeannette, Jeannette these are my children" Betty said as she
introduced each child in turn.

"Well I am so glad to meet you guys, your mother has told me so much
about you" Jeannette fluttered

Jeannette was a tall brunette with dark eyes. She was in her 30's, fairly
slim, and attractive.

"Yes, these are my two darlings, though with this one over here (pointing
to Jimmy) it is like having ten."

With that everybody laughed... while Jimmy blushed.

After the cordial greetings were done with Betty's tone turned a bit
more serious as she asked that Jimmy and Sarah sit down in the next room
to hear some good news.

After everyone was settled in the living room Betty began to sepak. "Well,
I know you kids have been living here with just the three of us for quite
some time now, but I thought that maybe it would be a good idea to break
the monotony by having one of my friends move in with us for a while. Now
it's only temporary, until Jeanette can find a place of her own, but don't
worry I think we will all get along just fine."

Sarah took it well and was actually very excited about having someone
move in with them, Jimmy on the other hand had to think twice, but of course
the decision wasn't his so the plan went as scheduled. Two months passed
without any serious feuding, however, one day a fight did occur between
Jimmy and Sarah. In the end Jimmy was the victor as his sister ran away
crying!

"Ha ha.." Jimmy laughed, "A 20 year old... and she still cries like a baby!" he gloated. Not
wanting to pursue the matter further Jimmy remained in his room where he
looked at his pornos and GTS magazines. He then got up and went to the
computer and logged onto to Big Gulp where he found a really cool story
entitled "Mama's Sucker". While he was reading Jimmy started to play with
himself through his jeans. Then suddenly the door creaked open and Jimmy
jumped up, banging his hand against the bottom of the desk.

"Wha!" Jimmy cried as he turned around to see who was there.

It was Jeanette. She slowly walked into the room and closed the door
behind her...

"What are you doing there Jimmy?" She cooed...

"Nothing... I am just looking up some sites on Amreican history," Jimmy
studdered as he frantically clicked to get the Big Gulp page minimized
exposing his cop-out page that he kept behind in case anyone should unexpectadly
walk in.

"Hmmm.... I am sure...." Jeanette once more cooed. Like a slithering
snake, Jeanette curled herself around Jimmy as if to wrap her prey in a
tight constricting hold.

"You have not been very nice to your sister I hear" she said. "I think that you need to learn a lesson or two little boy.."

Unerved by her tone Jimmy gulped and spoke out softly, "Wha..what do
you mean?" he swallowed....

"That's for me to know......... and you...... to find out" Jeanette cooed.
Jimmy sat there in his seat looking up at Jeanette as she licked her fingers
sensuously spreading a thick gooey film of saliva over them.

"Wha..Wha...What are yo..you doing?" Jimmy shaking, inquired.

"I am getting ready for dinner..... .thats all..." Jeanettte cooed.

"..but dinner's not until later this evening... it's only 3:00pm now."

"Nope......dinner begins right now...."cooed Jeanette as she reached
out her slimy fingers and wiped them under Jimmy's nose spreading foul-smelling
slaiva across his face.

Jimmy jumped back in disgust as he caught a pungent whiff of Jeannie's
spit. "Grosss.....what are you doi............" \*silence\*

For Jimmy everything went blank, the room grew dark, silence engulfed
him and nothing could be seen or heard.

When his sense of feeling came to Jimmy felt something heavy weighing
upon him. As Jimmy pushed against it he felt as though there was a heavy
tarp on top of him. Suddenly, the weight was lifted off of him and light
flooded Jimmy's eyes. Looking around him Jimmy grew cold and turned white.
For right there in front of him were two giant scuff marks at the tips
of two giant brown shoes.... Jeannette's shoes. Jimmy then scanned upwards,
up the vast expanse of legs and stared far off in the distance above him.
He saw Jeanette looking down on him smiling.

"Well, well, well, looky what I caught.... I told you dinner would come
sooner than you'd expect!" Jeannettes thundered from above...

"What's the meaning of this Jimmy shouted, What is happening!!!" Of
course Jimmy could not be heard by Jeanette.

Without saying another word Jeanette reached over to grab Jimmy. For
fear of his life Jimmy ran, but he was so small that he could not run fast
enough over the high carpet. Before he could run an inch away from the
spot where he stood Jeanette's fingers grasped him about the waist and
lifted him into the air with such a rush that Jimmy's little head was spinning.
Jeanette quickly brought Jimmy to her face and opened her mouth. Jimmy
was now starring down the huge red gullet of Jeanettes' mouth and was screaming
for help. Jeanette, closing her mouth spoke as waft after waft of foul
hot fetid air rushed over Jimmy.

It was a nauseating experience.

Then softly she said, "Your mom and I are really hungry.... you will
do us a big favor by being our dinner. The only question is... which one
of us will eat you?"

Holding Jimmy's naked body in front of her she cooed, "hmmm....I am
not sure if I like hairy Italian, maybe I should taste you before I determine
whether or not I want to share you with your mother and sister. "

With that her giant mouth opened once more causing wafts of humid, hot,
and foul-smelling air to engulf him. She then jutted forth her tongue and
with a rough lick to his genitals ran a thick sliver of slime across his
torso. She licked a second time and then again and again eventualy causing
Jimmy to grow a woody. Then pulling him back she cooed, "It looks like
some little boy wants to be eaten eh?"

"Noo No...please stop!" Jimmy cried.

"Oh nooo, your going to be eaten..... and there is nothing you can do
or say to escape. Besides, you like it don't you.... just look at yourself"

Looking down at his out-thrust member Jimmy grew embarrassed and frightened.
"Hehehe, Look at you, you bad little boy. You like it when I lick you... well,
what if I give you to your mother for a good suck huh? How would you like
your mother doing to you what I have just done?" Jeanetted threatened.

Jimmy became disgusted at the thought and crindged...."No please don't
Jeannie please..." cried Jimmy.

"You know Jimmy, I think your mom would like to have a taste of you....
what do you say.?" Jeannette asked.

Certain that his mother wouldn't eat her own naked son, Jimmy grew bold
and shouted out to Jeanette. "You're in for it when my mother finds out you did this! She would never
do something like that to me!"

"Oh so cock sure are we!" Jeanette cooed annunciating "cock" in her sentence.
"Your mother can suck the crome off a jack, just imagine what she could
suck off of you... and oh..... what if she swallows.... hehehe... what
then!!!" Jeanette tormentingly uttered.

"NEVER! My mother would never eat me."........considering the fact the
he could be swallowed finally sunk into Jimmy and his haughty tone slowed
down and he grew silent.

Starring at him for a while Jeanette realized Jimmy's thoughts and softly
spoke. "Now now, don't be afraid.... no one's going to hurt you. Now you still
need to learn your lesson and yes you may be swallowed, but there is nothing
to fear... you will not come out the other end looking like a fully processed
turd... you will stay alive and well all the way through... you will just
be covered in fully processed turds.. hehehe"

And with that Jeanette broke into a sadistic laugh and stuffed poor
little Jimmy's wet, smelly body into the palm of her hand and enclosed
him in a prison of fingers as she clenched her fist gently around him.
Walking into the living room she was met by Sarah who was watching T.V.
and Betty who was just finished cooking dinner and setting the table.

"Mmm.. smells good Betty.. what are you cooking?" asked Jeanette while
she held Jimmy in her fist.

"Just a casserole" Betty replied.

"Sounds wonderfull... I have some special candies imported from Switzerland
I want you guys to try for desert what do you say?" Jeannette inquired

"Really!!" Betty jumped "Dont tell me you got me my favorites - hard
candies?"

"Yup" Jeanette replied..."just for you.....well I am going to wash up,
I'll be back in a sec."

Jeannette left the ktichen and went into the bathroom were she opened
her hand and dropped Jimmy onto the counter. Jimmy disoriented fell down
as he tried to stand up and then on his hands and knees looked up to Jeanette
who was searching in her pocket for something.... a string.

"Aha... got it" jeanette shouted.

Then looking down on Jimmy began to gently tie the string around his
naked body as a spider wraps her prey in a web.

"I have to make sure you don't try and escape from my pocket or move
in your mother's mouth, we wouldn't want her to get scarred and bite
you in two." Then with a sweep of the hand Jeannette scooped Jimmy up from
the counter and delivered his helpless body into her pocket. Once inside,
Jimmy could only see the red-lined prison in which he was trapped. No where
to go and no way to move, he was stuck.... a prisoner and potentially
his mother's next meal!

Inside Jeanette's pocket, bound, naked, rank with saliva, and cold from
the draft, Jimmy grew a bit nauseous. Images of the inside of Jeanntte's
mouth, the darkness, the dampness, and most of all the smell, overwhelmed
little Jimmy as he began to picture his own mother's mouth just as dark,
damp and foul. A cold chill swept over his body and Jimmy grew deeply afraid.

Suddenly the dim light inside of Jeanette's pocket brightened and looking
up Jimmy saw her giant fingers decending toward him. Struggling against
his ropes Jimmy attempted to avoid being captured, but his efforts were
futile, he was helplessly bound and soon felt the embrace of two humongous
fingers grasping him about the waist in a vice-like grip. A rush of air
fluttered over Jimmy as Jeanette removed him from her pocket and held him
flat in the palm of her hand. Laying on his back in her hand and looking
up into the air Jimmy was confronted with Jeanette's haughty smirk far
up in the distance. With another rush of cold air Jeanette raised her hand
up to her mouth and with a sigh, she breathed out a gentle whaft of warm,
foul-smelling air. As the air blew over him, Jimmy tried his hardest to
breath through his mouth, but could not escape the fetid odour of Jeanette's
breath. Finally, with a gentle boom Jeanette spoke, "Now... you are going
to be a sweet little boy... in fact you have no choice because you are
nothing more than a piece of candy."

Then with a dizzying decent, Jeanette lowered Jimmy into a small wrapper
cup next to a bunch of other candies, some chocolate, some hard. Jimmy
yelled out in fright, begging Jeanette to let him go, promising that he
would be good from now on. But Jeanette simply closed the lid over the
box as if Jimmy was not even there and Jimmy's world grew dark. Suddenly,
things began to shake as Jeannette lifted the box of candies... one of
which was Jimmy.... and proceeded into the kitchen. Although, Jimmy could
see nothing he could still make out voices, though mufled.

"Is dinner ready yet" Jeannette asked

"Yes, in fact we have been waiting on you." Betty replied.

Sitting down at the table to eat Jeannette placed the box of candies
on the table and with a slight thump, Jimmy's world grew still.

"Have you seen Jimmy Jeannie?" asked Betty

"No I sure have'nt." replied Jeannette

"That's just like him to skip family time!" Sarah retorted

"Oh I am sure Jimmy will show up for dinner.... he couldnt miss this
one if he tried!" Said Jeannette sarcasticaly as she tapped on the box of
candies. Thinking that Jeanette's comments to be a compliment to her cooking
Betty replied, "Thank you Jeannie, but Jimmy never appreciate's my cooking."

"Well, I dont think he'll appreciate your eating either." Jeannette again
sarcastically stated.

Not having the slightest clue as to Jimmy's were-abouts Betty replied,
"Hmph...Well he'll just have to like it because were eating now with or
without him whether he likes it or not."

Jimmy, having heard his mother's voice cried out for her as loud as
he could.. "MOTHER!!!!! MOTHER I AM IN THE BOX!!!!1 HELP!!!!!!"

But....nada....no response.....silver ware continues to clank as it
banged against plates and faint sounds of masticated food became a constant
drone. About 15 minutes later everyone was relatively full. Ready for desert
Sarah eyed the box of candies and asked Jeanette if those were the candies
from Switzerland.

"Of course, is everybody ready for desert?"

"You betcha!" Betty retorted with an enthusiastic roar.

Jeannette then cleared the center of the table and moved the box so
that it was in reach of everybody. Then, grapsing the ends, Jeanette opened
the lid from the box and light flooded Jimmy's prison.When his eyes could
properly adjust to the change in light he looked up and found himself starring
at the glarring light above the table. Suddenly a giant hand came over
him and began a quick decent towards him. Sarah reached into the box and
grasped a chocolate right next to where Jimmy lay. With a crumpling of
paper and a quick gulp, the chocolate next to Jimmy dissapeared in his
sister's mouth. Realizing his predicament Jimmy cried out, certain that
not only could he be heard but that he could be seen as a human form. Jimmy's
mother's head then peered over Jimmy covering up the light from the lamp.
Jimmy yelled,

"Mom!!! Over here!!!! Look! Mom!!!! Help....HELP!!!!! MOM!!!! MOTHER!!!!
CAN'T YOU SEE ME!!!!???"

It seemed as though his mother was looking directly at him, but instead
of dropping her jaw in shock she began licking her lips and her mouth was
whett.

"Mmmmm... they all look so tasty!" Betty cooed.

Then with a slow and uncertain hand, Betty reached for a piece of candy.
Jimmy looked up in fear as his mother's hungry hand fell towards his naked,
bound body dimming the light around him.

Jimmy screamed in terror.."MOM!!!! NOOOO!!! DONT!!!!!"

But as soon as he yelled Betty's hand grasped a chocolate that lay next
to her son.

Once more Jimmy escaped being eaten narrowly.

Now it was Jeanette's turn. Looking over the box she eyed Jimmy and
said...."You know, this one here looks good....it's one of those hard chocolates
you have to suck on for a while."

With a messy chocolatey mouth Betty replied, "Yeah that one looked really
good I almost ate it first."

"Oh well in that case Betty you take it... I'll just take this piece
here.." Jeannette answered as she grabbed for a piece of candy that lay
on the other end of the box.

Looking up Jimmy saw his sister Sarah's huge-eyed face glare down at
him from above.

"Which one is the hard chocolate?" she asked

Betty then pointed her finger towards Jimmy and lowered it onto his
torso....

"This one here Sarah," Betty directed.

"Ewww....that one looks gross.....I dont think I would like that," Sarah
replied forgetting for a moment his predicament Jimmy took offense to his
sister's disgust and thought to himself.  "Well, if you don't like
me... then don't eat me!" But directly after he thought this his mother's
head once more hovered over the box and, still chewing her last piece of
candy, eyed Jimmy greedlily.

Then with a swallow, her hand moved towards Jimmy, "I think I'll eat
this one!" Betty childishly proclaimed.

Jimmy looked up in horror as his mother, licking her lips, lowered her
hand down onto Jimmy.

Still thinking that perhaps his mother would be able to see him Jimmy
shouted for help

"Mom!!!!MOM!!! OVER HERE!!!! HELP ME MOM!!!! PLEASE OVER HERE!!!"

With a frim grip Betty wrapped her forefinger and thumb around Jimmy's
waist and lifted him from his cupped wrapper and boxed prison.

Thinking that his mother was rescuing him Jimmy did not struggle against
the strings that bound him tightly.

"Oh....finally...MOM! Jeanette shrunk me..... dont know how but she
did and she threatened to e.........."

As Jimmy spoke his mother... not hearing a word he was saying thrust
Jimmy between her wet lips and thrust forth her tongue pushing it against
the front of his naked body then quickly removed Jimmy and held him in
front of her mouth.

"Mmmmm... this one tastes soo good" Betty cooed.

Jimmy was now in shock and covered with the foulest smelling saliva
he had yet experienced. His mother's breathe was overwhelmingly raunchy
and Jimmy could not escape the odour for it now covered his body in a thick,
slimey, coat of spit.

Jimmy then began to struggle against the ropes that bound him but could
not move. He then started to shout out to his mother. "MOM......DONT EAT
ME!!!! MOTHER NO!!!!! PLEASE DONT!!!!

But alas, Jimmy's mother did not head his cries and Jimmy watched in
horror as his mother's mouth opened wide and her slithering tongue, slopped
in her saliva then extended forth.. wet and warm. Hot gusts of putrid air
rushed forth over Jimmy as his mother slowly began to shove him into her
mouth. The heat intensified quickly as well as the smell and before Jimmy
knew it he felt his feet rub up against a soft, hot, and wet tongue below
him. Finally, the vice grip around Jimmy's waist loosened and Jimmy fell
face first onto his mother's awaiting palate.

Jimmy looked back into the outside world and saw the light that once
surrounded him fade out as his mother's lips closed and her teeth clenched
together imprisoning her son in her foul mouth and dooming him to consumption.
The hot humid air, mixed with the dripping saliva inside Betty's mouth
quickly covered Jimmy in a thick layer of slippery mucous and saliva. The
smell was unbarable and Jimmy grew nauseous and dizzy. Then his mother's
tongue on which Jimmy lay moved upwards holding Jimmy between it and the
roof of her mouth. Jimmy now lay face first on his mother's tongue with
his back pinned against the roof of her mouth.

Jimmy tried to cry out in hopes that his mother could still hear him
"Mother....dont....eat...m......me." But the heat and smell has sapped
Jimmy's strength. But if this were not bad enough, the unspeakable began
to occur as Betty's tongue began to move back and forth against Jimmy's
naked body creating a soft wet friction between her hot wet tongue and
the front of Jimmy's body. This, of course was Betty sucking on her son....but
to her he was just a piece of candy. Suddenly, against his will, Jimmy
grew erect and the incessant rubbing, amidst the foul smell, and hot slippery
surfaces was like a supercharged "mouth-play". The sucking continued, increasing
in intensity. Jimmy crindged as his resolve was slowly licked away and
he felt a charge loading up within him. Not wanting to have such a thing
happen to him by his own step-mother Jimmy struggled to keep it in, but
his mother's sucking increased intensity and speed and suddenly Jimmy's
body grew stiff and shuddered as he splurged all over the inside of Betty's
mouth.

"Hmm...I think I got to the juicy center" Betty stated as she held her
weakened son in between her toungue and teeth to rest.

"If that's the case Betty," Jeanette replied, "they say you should swallow
before you can suck it all up... it's a Swiss tradition... good luck you
know!"

With the greatest of ease, Jimmy's mother pushed her tongue back under
him, lifting him atop it and then with a rush of saliva, she swallowed
her son. Jimmy's weakened body slid easily down the back of Betty's tongue
and then down her throat, where he quickly slid down the slippery tube
only to be slowed down occasionally by the natural tightening of the esophagus.
As he slid down to his mother's pit, the air grew fouler and fouler. The
smell was a combination of his mother's raunchy breath, and the masticated
casserole she had eaten.

Finally, Jimmy's decent stopped as his feet hit the opening of the stomach.
Jimmy, using the last of his strength tried to hold onto the side, but
immediatly the hole opened into the stomach and Jimmy dropped what to him
was about 10 ft. into the awfull depths of his mother's gut. His fall was
broken , however, by a pile of rancid mush that lay at the bottom. It was
the source of the evil-smelling odour.... his mother's masticated dinner.

Despite his predicimant Jimmy was actually quite lucky. For just as
Jeannette had promised him, the gastric juices in which he now bathed were
not burning his skin, they were however tingling as though he were bathing
in club soda. As his bonds were begining to come loose, Jimmy tried to
stand up but found that the floor was not exactly stable nor constant as
it would move and rumble at times forcing Jimmy to lay in the fetid mush
that would soon become fecal matter.

After about an hour of stifling, smelling, and rotting inactivity, Jimmy
heard a noise from above him. Suddenly more mush was dropped on top of
him from up above. It was green and leafy and smelled like vinegar. Betty
has decided to eat a salad and now Jimmy was being covered by a pile of
slimey masticated, vinegar laced food. Jimmy began to cry as he was slowly
covered completely and could only smell the foul stench of his mother's
torturous gastric system. Shortly after the salad was added on top of Jimmy,
another rumbling occured and Jimmy felt a suction increasing below him.
Then with a great force Jimmy's head was sucked under the mush below him
and (food and all) Jimmy slid down into the small intestines.

Once in, Jimmy found himself in a tight fit. Again, this time the result
of natural action, Jimmy's naked body was being manipulated between the
slimey inside of his mother's intestines as they pushed him and the other
matter along the long course of her intestines. This caused Jimmy to stand
erect once more. The smell was still as awfull as ever, but Jimmy's nose
was begining to grow numb. Two hours later Jimmy's member was swollen from
over-manipulation and ready to burst again. And, just as Jimmy reached
the end of his course he splurged with uncontrollable force inside his
mother's small intstine and a few minutes later was delivered into the
large intestine where Jimmy fell into a new pile of matter and was soon
packed tightly by the other matter that followed him.

The matter built up in the course of an hour and just when he felt that
he could no longer stand being mashed inside the tightly packed matter,
there was a movement. A bowel movement to be exact, and Jimmy could feel
himself being pushed and thrust downward. Then, with a long sliding movement
Jimmy felt as though he were falling and his arm (being the only member
extending out from a turd that his mother just excreted) felt a cold rush
of wind and then a splash of cold water. Jimmy sensing the looseness of
his packing struggled to free himself from the turd, but found it difficult
on account of the binding he had been tied with. Luckily, however, the
bindings were loose enough so that Jimmy could break free. With a little
pushing Jimmy was now able to free himself from the hot turd in which he
was trapped. He now found himself immersed in water and unable to breath.
As he swam to the top of the water Jimmy was greeted by another brown turd
that plopped next to him and sunk down into the water below. Jimmy...though
weak....still kept his head above the water and looking up saw a huge rump
spread with an opening at the end. Jimmy freaked and in a panic tried to
swim for the side of the bowl. After a while, betty stood up and began
to wipe, when she had finished she was going to flush but Jeannette came
into the room and told her not too...

"Wait, Betty, don't flush... there something wrong with the toilet I
need to fix it." Jeanette replied.

"Do you know how?" Betty asked

"Of course, just go ahead and do what you need to do and I'll fix it"
Jeanette answered.

"In that case I'm through...." Betty said.

With that, Jimmy's toilet bowl prison was lit up as Betty stood up and
walked away. Jeannette immediately ran to the toilet and fished Jimmy out.
Lifting him up she washed him off inside the sink and looked down on him
haughtily saying.

"Now..wasn't that fun! I bet that will teach you to make your sister
cry! You had better watch yourself from now on. With that she delivered
Jimmy's weak body to normal size and left the bathroom. Jimmy, without
delay took a shower and reminisced about what had happened. After he had
taken the shower... he still smelled bad, but was too tired to clean himself
more and so he took his withered, shaking body back to his bed where he
lay down and slept.

That night his sister came into his room and sat next to him in his
bed and leaning into his face whispered..."You look so tasty.... if you
ever give me any beef I will eat you!" and with that licked Jimmy on the
nose and walked out of the room. From that day on Jimmy was nice to his
big sister and never disrespected his step-mother. As for Jeanette, he
avoided her when he could.

The end......maybe
