---
original_url: https://www.packagedstories.net/storiesek/hide_seek.html
subcategory: Packaged/Encasement
title: Hide & Seek
authors:
- Sadistiq
tags:
- M/m
- sbm
- box
- wrap
- gag
- packaged
- transport
- cons
- X
date: 2010-04-23 00:00:00
---

As always, this is a work of fiction. Any and all SB practices should be done with the upmost care. Any small slip may very well result in relieving one's self of that pesky breathing habit. Always have a backup... one you can trust. Do take care...

Kyle bounced up the stairs in his brand new Converse sneakers. One last time with Scott.

The two knew each other from birth. they were almost born on the same day. Their houses were right next door, and it was just assumed they would look out for each other. Such predictions were true. They grew up not unlike brothers. Even though their families were worlds apart, they developed completely in tandum. So much so they were often mistaken for brothers or even twins. Two lithe muscular bodies equipped with long legs and arms, a nest of raven's hair on each of them, and piercing dark blue eyes.

A slight cool breeze whisked by the back of Kyle's knees as he made it to the door. Somewhere inside Scott was packing his life away to take to college. He had only broken the news to Kyle about his acceptence to a school several states away just the week before. One of the few times in Kyle's life did he actually cry into his pillow. But he accepted it. What else could he do? Here they both were, aged 18 years and destined to be separated.

Without knocking or announcement Kyle went into the house. Scott's parents barely acknowleged him, as they were busy sorting through and packing small 'family stuff' to go with Scott.

Kyle found Scott getting the last of his clothes in a suitcase. Working hard in a late summer afternoon gave him a sheen of glistening sweat. Kyle noticed all he had on were his worn sandals, a pair of cargo shorts and a tank top far too big for him. It was almost coming loose on one of his sharp shoulder blades. They had developed early in Scott's life, so Kyle had known how they felt. He willed himself against a shudder.

They, being so close, had grown up examining their own, as well as each others' bodies. They were not yet to the level of actual sexual activities, but they each had come very close. In the times when they were left to themselves, which were many, they would play many games. Two they both enjoyed were 'Dare' and 'Hide & Seek'. Ultimately that meant that one would find the other butt-naked and usually in some form of bondage. None of the 'grown-ups' knew of these midnight games. If they did, they did not let on.

Scott turned and smiled. He had hoped Kyle would be okay on his own, miles away. He hoped he would be okay too.

The afternoon broke down with the both of them re-hashing old times and adventures lived. Adventures survived. Then Scott stood up.

"One last game?"

How could Kyle say no? They dispensed with all the 'warm up' to the actual games they both had in mind. Still standing, Scott strode over to the open-mouthed Kyle and said just one word.

"Dare"

Had Kyle been holding something, it would have been on the floor. They had not played this type of game for a couple of years, and Kyle, as much as he longed for Scott, resigned himself to an eventual future without him. He never thought that this game would come up again. That he would be staring into those piercing blue eyes and know what was behind them. He would not make it easy. Scott knew this, but was prepared. Almost shuddering, Kyle shot back.

"Dare what?!"

A moment of silence. Scott's gaze went from Kyle's sneakered feet up to his denim cut-offs, down his maroon t-shirt and finally fixed on the buldge in his shorts. He smirked.

"Dare you"

Kyle did not have to know what Scott meant in the intention. He quickly looked down to un-button and shuck off his cut-off shorts. Long ago, they had both vowed against underwear completely. Kyle had held to this. As he watched his cut-offs slid against his nearly hairless legs to his converse, he took a breath, knowing he was now truly half naked. Kyle looked up, and saw that Scott, as if through some magic trick, was also devoid of his own cargo shorts, Standing in only his sandals and the tank top barely concealing what was underneath.

Scott smirked.

"Take my shirt off."

Kyle's hands flew up, but Scott stopped him with one long forefinger.

"With your mouth."

Kyle knew what this meant. He knew where his place was with Scott. Together forever or no. So his arms went just as quick away. And, with Kyle's arms behind his back, he reached up to the band almost loose from his shoulder and nimbly picked it up with his teeth. Just the sensation after Scott's secret pining made him moan.

He could smell him. That dusky, moist smell of men fresh from being boys. Poor Kyle did not know it then, as his teeth lightly scraped pass each of Scott's armpits and even felt the moisture touch his teeth. Scott made sure to spread his elbows as Kyle did this, knowing it did drive him crazy and that, yes, he had to work on the shirt, over his flexed biceps.

When Kyle figured out what he was doing, Scott pulled his elbows in, and then, flexing his abs and standing on the balls of his feet, brought his arms forward and down. Kyle could not have pulled off his shirt any other way. Sometimes, this meant that Scott wanted to be tied. Kyle paused, the shirt fabric over Scott's head and looked at him like an anxious puppy.

Scott was resolute.

"Continue" he said.

And Kyle complied.

Now Kyle felt himself at an akward stage. Here was his god, his idol, standing all but naked before him and there he was, with Scott's shirt still in his teeth, kneeling before him. And yet he was still semi-dressed. Who had the upper hand? Normally when they were at such an impasse they would wrestle the day and the night away. But now there was no time. Kyle cautiously dropped the shirt from his mouth and began to rise. That is when he felt the iron hand of Scott slap him back down. Kyle was in shock!

"Aren't you forgetting something?", Kyle's god, his idol spoke.

Meekly, Kyle shucked off his own shirt. A pause.

"And?"

As Kyles eyes pleaded he unhoofed himself of his new converse sneaks. Hi-top. Just bought yesterday. Kyle knew they shared the same shoe size and feared Scott would take them off to college, leaving him behind.

Scott seemed to like this, as Kyle took care of laying the laces as they both liked them. "Now you can stand."

And Kyle did stand, shakily. From the new aggresive nature of Scott, and from the possibility of losing his almost perfect converse sneaks.

Scott stood before him, every inch a man into being. Glistening almost. Eye to eye with Kyle's equally admirable physique. the only difference was that Scott still wore sandals, as while Kyle had nothing on. They stared at each other. Eye to eye. Almost breath to breath. Kyle secretly hoped it was not a staring contest, as he tended to lose those.

Scott simply smirked, and began his countdown.

"Fifty. Forty-nine, fotrty-eight , forty-seven..."

Like a trained dog, clothing or not, Kyle immediately began to scramble around. Like the old days! An old game, but oddly new.

Now Scott was a vicious finder. He would tear down walls to get to his 'prey'. Scott knew this as he rambled down the stairs. He heard Scott's parents' voices in the family room as they argued over something he might need in college life. Kyle did not care. He was in panic mode as he knew Scott must have made it to thirty-three by now. Kyle vaulted over the railing at the fifth stair knowing the parents were elsewise engaged and turned to his usual places of hiding. To his dismay, for some reason, all of the usual haunts were blocked, Scott must be by fifteen by now. Kyle became frenzied now as he tried even doors that should be opened and weren't, almost blinded he burst through the one door that let him through. Their closed garage, with half-opened cardboard boxes for Scott's future to higher learning.

Kyle wavered, trying to get a sense of himself. Scott must be at the ten-count, he would have to dress himself, and then saunter down. His parents are there...

"Oh, and why am I wondering this?!" Thought Kyle as he stared at the boxes.

"Scott would never think that I- would he?"

A slight thud from upstairs was all the affirmance that Kyle needed. He did want to make this difficult for Scott, so looking around, he saw a bubble tape/packing tape contraption, most likely to wrap the larger objects to be shipped to dear Scott. Knowing he had literally no time to kill, he yanked a huge bit off off its spools, and wrapped himself almost in a gum-drop situation. that would muffle any sounds he made, thus far harder for Scott to hear.

Now Kyle stood, one nearly hairless leg exposed, resting on a wad of bubble wrap and packing tape. Kyle did see that all he had to do was yank at the contraption and both ends would slip away with him. As Kyle was facing toward the machine and his back was not too far from the nearest open box, he yanked.

"He'll never find me now- urp!" were all of Kyle's thoughts as he sank ass first into the half-packed box behind him. In almost a sadomasochistic move he did bring his free leg in to join the rest of his body. There, in the comfort of plastic and cardboard and in thinking he was safe from Scott, he passed out.

Kyle slumbered as Scott came tearing into the room followed by his mother. She was demanding he take the lamp from Great-Aunt So-and-So, and not letting up on it. It had been a full half hour since Kyle had sprinted from his room totally naked. Had this been their first time as Hide-And-Seek, he would have thought Kyle scampered his bare ass home. But Scott had trained Kyle well. He knew somewhere... he was here. Relenting to his mother's nagging, he agreed to the lamp. Scott made a much more dramatic surrender than what was needed, only to scare her off. Scott was vigilant, and from the corner of his eye saw the half opened box with bubble tape spilling out.

His mother left, and Scott took a deep breath then sauntered over to the box. One of the things they did not share was Kyle's narcolepsy. It figured in favor of Scott, as he could always count on Kyle getting so excited to the point of passing out. Kyle would eventually wake, usually in some devilish tie or contraption that Scott had put him in. Again, Kyle's narcolepsy proved to work in Scott's favor.

He looked into the box. He saw Kyle's partially exposed shin. What to do. An old garden hose, a hacksaw and duct tape there in the garage almost devised itself.

Usually, Kyle was out for two or more hours, if he was really excited. Scott figured he was really excited. Cutting a piece from the hose with the hacksaw, Scott gingerly fitted the tube in Kyle's mouth and then 'packed' his head with the wrap and tape. the other end of the hose was taped to a small hole at the corner of the box. Scott re-positioned Kyle so that this was possible. Sure there would be cramping, but Kyle would just have to deal with it.

Kyle awoke in darkness, almost doubled up on himself. He tried to move, well, anything. It felt that even his fingers and toes could not move. He felt something foreign in his mouth. Something strong and almost down his windpipe. From it he got very limited air, but air still. Through mumbled ears he heard gruff voices, and shuffling. Then Scott's mother's shrill voice directing the moving men. Then Kyle remembered. Oh, god! Was he packed away as well?! Again he tried to struggle to move, well, anything. Nothing budged.

From his muffled confine he heard Scott's mom.

"Oh, honey, it looks likes a mouse got into that one."

Was Scott there?!

Kyle heard Scott's voice.

"Naw, I hit that one with a tube. It's okay."

At this Kyle froze. Would Scott let him out soon? The tube in his mouth made it more than clear that Scott had 'found' him. But then why was he still in a box? What was Scott saying?!

Suddenly the box Kyle was in was shifted onto a hand-truck. He was torn between staying still and trying to move. Since he couldn't move, then...

Then Kyle was loaded with the rest of the boxes to go with Scott to college. He heard Scott yell to the driver he would close the back of the moving truck. In the sparse seconds he had Scott leaned in to the well-situated box Kyle was in and said, "I can't leave without my favorite toy, now can I? Thanks for the new converse."

With that the door of the moving van was pulled down and locked, on it's way to Scott's new adventures, with his life-toy in tow.

-End.
