---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Lynne
authors:
- Sutton
tags:
- MF
- F-m
- naked
- housework
- voy
- bond
- rope
- ballgag
- chairtie
- tease
- caught
- bdsm
- crop
- FF-m
- mast
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
date: 2015-03-21 00:00:00
---

My wife and I used to go out a lot. Weekends were filled with day trips to malls, farmers’ markets and antique shops. While we didn’t spend a lot, it was just enjoyable spending time together going places we’d never been and seeing new sights. That ended about a year ago when my wife was involved in an automobile accident. She injured her back and, at first, it looked like a full recovery was on the way. Unfortunately, the physical therapy stopped working and her condition worsened again leaving her unable to do most normal activities. She now spends a good bit of time in bed and is exhausted after even a few hours of activity.

We have a neighbor, Lynne, who has been very supportive. She often calls to see how my wife is and stops by to chat with her. Lynne also likes to cook and will drop off meals for us from time to time. I work some very long hours and usually do all the housework and laundry on weekends so there isn’t much free time for me. Lynne’s "care packages" offer me some relief from having to do everything. While dropping off one of her "care packages" things took a different turn.

I had been up at the ball crack of dawn, dusting, mopping and vacuuming the house and, by 11:00 a.m., I was feeling frazzled and stressed out. There was a knock on the door and I found Lynne standing on the porch with a casserole. I invited her in, took the dish from her and asked if she’d like some coffee. We went to the kitchen and sat down to chat a bit.

"You don’t look so good, Bill. Is everything okay?"

"I’m just tired. The past week has been pretty rough on me. Mary has been in bed most of the week because of her back and I’ve been up and down the stairs a million times a day with her medicine and food. Besides that, work has been hell. Our supervisor has been taking unplanned time off and we’re working short handed almost everyday."

"Its no wonder you look haggard. You need to relax and get some rest."

"I don’t see that happening any time soon. All this stress is going to kill me. There’s never any let up."

In the past, Lynne and I had exchanged a few flirtatious glances and double entendres but what came next was a total shock.

"What do you do for sexual release? I know Mary can’t have intercourse now because of her back problems, but do you do anything for yourself? Do you masturbate or go to a massage parlor?"

"I don’t do any of that." I couldn’t believe what I just heard or what I said next. "I did masturbate, at first, but I seem to have lost the ability to get it up months ago."

"Maybe that’s what you need. Sexual release can be relaxing, you know. Why don’t you tell me what you like? I may be able to offer some suggestions to get you on the road to relaxation."

Lynne and I had become friendly after she married Ron and moved into his house a few years ago. We’d talked at neighborhood cook outs and such, but never spoke about our sexual preferences. She was easy to talk to though and, although it embarrassed me a bit, I told her some of the things I found arousing and some of what Mary and I did.

"Well, to start with, I like to be naked as much as possible around the house. For instance, I was naked, doing housework, until you knocked on the door. I put my shirt and jeans on to answer it."

"I’ve seen you a time or two when I was walking my dogs. I actually peeped in your window today to see if you were dressed before I knocked but you weren’t in sight."

"I was out here putting away some dishes. Working naked like that used to get me going, but now it doesn’t seem to do anything."

"What else did you enjoy?"

Reluctantly, I told her about my bondage fetish. I explained how Mary and I played bondage games, over the years. I gave her intimate details of how Mary would tie me up and tease me until I couldn’t take it any more. I actually felt like I’d crossed the line by telling her so much. That’s when she dropped a bomb on me.

"Mary and I have talked about your situation. You need to know that she is very scared right now. Mary’s afraid that something is going to happen to you, if you don’t slow down. She knows that, without you, she’ll end up in a nursing home for the rest of her life. I’m sure you feel the same way. She’d really like you to retire early to get rid of the work stress, at least."

"I can’t do that because I’ll lose my medical insurance and that is something we can’t do without."

"I understand that and so does she. That’s why I’m going to offer you a solution of sorts. You and Ron are a lot alike in some ways. You’re not the only guy on the block that likes to walk around naked; or get tied up. I enjoy him being naked around the house and even when we go camping. I didn’t like the idea of tying him up, at first, but, after a while, I got to like that, too. Like you, he was stressed out all the time from his job, and the bondage actually seemed to help him relax. He told me it was because he didn’t have to make any decisions when he was tied up. What ever happened was beyond his control. That’s what I want to offer you."

"You know that he goes off on hunting and fishing trips. There are times I don’t see him for weeks at a time. What I’m offering is that I can help you relax during his trips. You can come over to our place for a few hours and just get away from the daily stress of helping Mary with everything. You can spend time just being naked or I can tie you up and help you get off. It would be your choice,"

"How can I do that? I can’t leave Mary alone here. What if she needs something?"

"I’ve been thinking about that. Mary told me that you used to play pool quite a bit. We have a table in our rec room and I told her you could use it any time you’d like. She thought you’d like that. She has our number and can call if she needs anything. I’ll come over to take care of her if she does. Another option is for me to call asking you to help me with something that needs to be fixed. You could come over on that pretext and have some fun for yourself."

"I don’t know if I can do that. I’d feel too guilty."

"You don’t have to give me an answer right now. Think it over and let me know what you decide. I haven’t told Mary that you might be naked or tied up and I haven’t told Ron about any of it. So, it would be our little secret. You can call me or let me know online when we chat again."

I have to admit that it was a tempting offer but I had to ask Lynne to leave. I had more work to do and I had a lot to think about.

\* \* \*

I was in a daze for the next few hours. Lynne had shocked me with her offer and I was left to make a decision that would either help me or ruin my life. I didn’t want to hurt Mary, in any way, but Lynne’s proposal was none the less intriguing. Lynne was attractive in her own way. Not a beauty queen but there was a certain sensual attractiveness about her. I pictured what it might be like to spend some time in front of her naked, how I would feel if she tied me up and what might occur if I agreed to try any of it. For me, this was a dilemma of epic proportions. Did I want to accept her offer and risk damaging my marriage? Or did I want to find out if it would help me relax and relieve some of my stress?

I went through the rest of my chores, trying to forget about Lynne’s proposal. Around 3:00 pm, I sat down at the computer to go over some things I doing for work and to check my email. There was an email from Lynne telling me that she was serious about her offer and letting me know that Ron was heading out on a two week fishing trip the next morning. I replied that I’d thought about it and might be willing to try it, just once. I put it out of mind and concentrated on my work.

Later, after I gotten Mary settled in for the night, I was online chatting with a friend from work. Suddenly, I got a chat request from Lynne.

"Hi, Bill. When do you want to come over for some relaxation? Ron’s leaving at 5:00 and I’ll be here alone for the next two weeks."

"Maybe I can come over tomorrow afternoon, depending on how Mary is feeling. I’m still not one hundred percent sure about this but I’m willing to give it a go. What kind of stuff do you have in mind?"

"Oh, believe me, I have some good ideas. We should keep it simple but since you said you’d try it "just once" maybe we should go all out with nudity and bondage. That’s all I can tell you right now but I will warn you that I may throw in a surprise or two. I have to get up with Ron when he leaves so I have to get to bed. I’ll see you in the morning."

I logged off and went to bed, sleeping restlessly, dreaming about what might be in store for me. Images of being naked and restrained filled my dreams. Would Lynne have me strip as soon as I walked in? How would I react if she tied me up? What kind of surprises did she have in mind? It was a long restless night.

In the morning, I got up and made breakfast for Mary and myself. She was feeling better than usual and decided to sit in the living room to watch some movies. I was naked, as usual, doing the breakfast dishes when there was a knock at the door. I quickly threw on my jeans and shirt to answer the door. It was Lynne.

She came in and asked Mary how she was feeling. Mary told her she was doing better at the moment and thanked her for the casserole. Lynne said she was glad to hear that Mary felt a little better then asked her for a favor.

"I really hate to ask this, but could you spare Bill for a few hours? Ron left on one of his fishing trips this morning and, after he left, the sink got stooped up. I’ve been trying to get it cleared out but I’m not having any luck. Ron has one of those things to clear drains but I don’t know how it works. I’d hate to call him to come back and a plumber would charge way too much on a weekend."

"I’m sure he’d be happy to help you out", Mary said. "Wouldn’t you, dear?"

"Of course", I said nervously.

"Then that’s settled. You go take care of Lynne’s problem before you do another thing around here."

"But what if you need something?"

"Don’t be silly. I feel fine today and if I do need anything I can call over for you. I have my movies to watch and I can manage by myself for a couple of hours. Why don’t you try out Ron’s pool table while you’re there? You deserve a little relaxation."

"Well, if you’re sure."

"I’ll make sure he relaxes after he works on the drain, Mary. I promise."

It was like they’d planned the whole thing. I was being sent off into the clutches of my neighbor by my very own wife. I followed Lynne out the door and over to her house. I’d been inside it before but it seemed different without Ron being there.

"You know there’s really nothing wrong with the drain so why don’t you get comfortable while I get us some coffee?"

I went into the living room and sat down on the sofa. I felt awkward, still not knowing what would happen. Lynne came back a few minutes later and shook her head when she saw me just sitting there.

"Now this just won’t do. I said to get comfortable and here you are, still fully dressed. I expected to find you lounging around naked."

"I wasn’t sure if you wanted to start off like that", I stammered.

"Of course I do, silly. That’s why I asked you over. Now take your clothes off like a good boy."

I kicked off my shoes and stood up. Lynne commented on my abs and chest as I peeled off my shirt. I hesitated on taking off my jeans but she motioned for me to keep going so I unbuttoned them and slid the zipper down. A moment later I stood naked, for the first time, in front of my neighbor. She gave me a low whistle of appreciation.

"Wow, I’ve seen you naked from the street, but never realized how good you’d look close up. I’m really glad you decided to do this. I can hardly wait to get you tied up."

"I’m not too sure about that…What if Mary needs me?"

"She’s fine on her own for a bit. I can go over later to check on her for you. I’ll tell her you’re having trouble and you asked me to make sure she’s okay."

"I’m kind of nervous about this. I’ve never done anything like this before."

"I understand, Bill. I promise you’ll enjoy this. Now let me take these for safe keeping."

Lynne picked up my clothes and shoes and left the room. Not knowing what else to do, I sat down and sipped my coffee. Lynne was gone for about ten minutes. When she returned, she had a small duffle in her hand. She put the bag on the sofa and took out a length of rope.

"Let’s start with something simple. Stand up and put your hands behind your back."

I did as she said and she began wrapping the rope around my wrists. She cinched it snugly and tied the knots so I couldn’t reach them then guided me to the center of the room. Kneeling down, she took another piece of rope and tied my ankles together. Although snug, the ropes were not uncomfortable. In spite of my fears, I was starting to relax a bit and felt a little stirring of excitement.

"Isn’t that better? Now you don’t have to make any decisions. Your clothes are locked away and you’re bound hand and foot. But, I suppose you can’t stand there all day. Let me get you a chair."

Lynne got a chair from the dining room and placed it behind me then helped me sit down. Once again she reached into the duffle and pulled out what seemed to be a mile of rope that was cut to different lengths. Some short pieces were used to tie my elbows to the rails on the back of the chair. She took a fairly long piece of rope and wrapped it around my chest and the chain. There was no possible way for me to move my upper body.

Lynne stepped back to admire her handiwork then shook her head and picked up more rope. She used the ropes to tie my knees to the top part of the chair legs, spreading them apart. Finally, she added a rope to the cinch between my ankles and secured it to the rung between the chair’s legs. I was firmly bound to the chair and completely on display for her.

"That should hold you nicely. You look so good this way. I can do whatever I want and there is no way you can stop me." As if to demonstrate, she stepped behind me and reached around to play with my nipples. She continued flicking and tweaking my nipples until I moaned with pleasure. I felt my cock start to grow a bit. The feeling startled me and I asked her to stop and untie me.

"Oh, not before we have some real fun! We’re just getting started."

"Please, Lynne, I’ve changed my mind. This is a mistake. I want to go home."

"I’m sorry, Bill, but you’re not going anywhere until I’m good and ready to let you. In spite of your protests, I can see this is starting to get you excited and I don’t plan on stopping until I get you off. There’s one more thing I need to do."

Lynne reached into her bag again and got out a red ball gag. Before I could say anything to stop her, she pushed the ball into my mouth and fastened the straps behind my head. I shook my head in protest but the gag held firm.

"Now I’ll tell you about the surprise I talked about. I’m going to leave you like this for a little while to enjoy yourself. I’m going to check on Mary and tell her we need to go to the home center to get something for the drain. Then I’m going to pick up some take out and stop at the mini mart to get batteries for my camera. I really need to get pictures of this. So you won’t get bored, I’ll turn on the TV and put a porno on for you."

I shook my head and moaned into the gag. Lynne simply smiled as she turned on the movie and grabbed her purse. "I’ll be back in an hour or so. Enjoy yourself." Five minutes later, I heard her car start up and drive off.

\* \* \*

Okay, maybe I was stupid. But there I was naked, tied to a chair in my neighbors’ house watching a porn video, my wife thinking I went to the local home center. As crazy as it sounds, I was kind of enjoying it. The video was getting me excited, as was my situation. It showed a couple playing bondage games. Like Lynne, the woman was in charge, having the man tied to a bed while she teased him to orgasm. The ache in my loins made me realize that I was hard as a rock and reminded me that I could do nothing about it. I was lost in my own little world when the door bell suddenly rang.

I’d been too engrossed in the situation to hear a car pull up. I didn’t know if Lynne had come back and was ringing the bell as a joke or if someone was stopping to visit her. At any rate I felt safe because I’d heard the lock click when she left. I felt a bit of relief when I heard a key turn in the lock. My relief was short lived.

"Aunt Lynne? Are you here?" a girl’s voice called out. Oh my god, it wasn’t Lynne after all! The door closed and the voice said, "Oh, hi Ron. I didn’t know you two were playing this morning. I hope I’m not interrupting". Soft footsteps crossed the room.

"Holy shit!!! You’re not Ron. Who are you and where’s Aunt Lynne?" I mumbled incoherently through the gag. The girl checked to be sure I was tied securely and went through the house looking for Lynne. She came back carrying a riding crop. "If you don’t tell me where my aunt is I’ll beat the truth out of you."

Apparently, she was oblivious to the ball gag. I received a few light slaps from the crop as a demonstration. Just as she raised the crop to land a painful strike to my thigh Lynne came through the door.

"Bethany, I see you’ve met my neighbor, Bill. I hope you haven’t hurt him too much."

"Oh, he’s fine. All I’ve done is scare him a bit. You should have seen the expression on his face when I kept asking about you without taking out the gag. I thought he would pee himself when I started using the crop."

"Well, I bought batteries for my camera so we can take pictures now. First, let me properly introduce you. Bethany, this is my neighbor, Bill. Bill, this is Bethany, my niece. I hope you’re going to become friends."

"I’m sure we will, but maybe we should remove his gag so Bill can tell us how he feels about it."

"I suppose we should untie him, too. He’s been this way for over an hour and he looks like he’s about to burst", Lynne said, indicating my raging hard on. "But before we do I want to get some pictures of him."

Bethany eagerly agreed, asking for copies of the photos for herself. Lynne put the fresh batteries into her camera and began snapping away. They took pictures of me from every angle with close ups of my bonds and each of them posed with me for shots of them teasing me by playing with my nipples and cock. It was humiliating as well as exciting. When they finished their "photo shoot" Lynne uploaded the pictures to a secure file on her computer. Only when she was done did they untie me.

I was allowed to stretch and use the bathroom but had to remain naked. Lynne explained that this was the surprise she had for me, along with being left alone. She’d phoned Bethany the night before and told her about her plans. Bethany was to arrive at a prearranged time, when I would have already been bound naked and unable to escape. I was then told that Bethany was also into bondage and often acted as a safety when Lynne and Ron played. Lynne confessed to doing sessions where she tied Ron up then did some solo bondage on herself.

She would make sure that Ron was totally unable to free himself and would used chains, locks and handcuffs so she was equally helpless. They would try to get each other off while bound. Bethany would stop in and release them before taking her own turn in the ropes or cuffs. Other times, Ron or Lynne would act as her safety. Bethany admitted that she liked it best when Ron stopped in to release her. She said he always tickled her unmercifully before setting her free. I was shocked to hear then talking so frankly about all of this.

"You know, Aunt Lynne, I love seeing Ron tied up naked. He has such a huge cock and I just love finishing him off before I untie him."

"I know. I always enjoy watching you do that. He cums so hard for you. It’s a wonder that he doesn’t black out." She pointed out the fact that I was still rock hard. "Maybe you should work your magic on Bill."

"Maybe I’ll do that next time. I think he should do it himself today while we watch."

"I agree with you. I’d simply love to see that." Lynne left the room for a minute and handed me a bottle of baby oil when she came back. "Here you go, big boy, let’s see how you can cum for us. You’d better do a good job if you want your clothes back. I’m sure Mary’s getting a little anxious for you to get home."

By this point, I was ready to do anything they wanted. I’d gotten naked and been tied up by my neighbor, been seen and photographed by both women and had been hard for what seemed like forever. I eagerly accepted the oil and squirted a fair amount on my aching hard on.  My hand flew through the task, pumping my cock like there was no tomorrow. The girls didn’t sit idly by. They tickled my nipples and caressed my body. Bethany took exceptional pleasure in fondling my balls. I was close to exploding. Finally, each of them sucked and nibbled on one of my nipples. I couldn’t hold back any longer. I let out a moan and came like never before.

I collapsed and Lynne went to retrieve my clothes. I cleaned up, with Bethany’s help, and got dressed. Next weekend they want to play pool with me nude. I hope I can handle it.
