---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Tied together
authors:
- Caroline and Alex
tags:
- Sbf
- F-m
- bond
- cons
- X
date: 2005-04-24 00:00:00
---

Tied together by Caroline and Alex

The games we played became more and more painful
but still there was something missing. The other bound most of the time
one in a most severe way but we knew that, whenever it became unbearable,
a single sign or simple gesture was enough to stop the torment.

It was Caroline, my girlfriend, who wanted more.
She was rather skinny with little tits, fantastic nipples and a rather
well shaped, whip loving, bottom. On an evening, when I came home from
work, she was sitting totally naked in front of our computer surfing some
self-bondage sites. Due to her reading and watching the pictures she was
horny as hell. "Let’s get in self-bondage the both of us so that we cannot
release each other."

I was excited by the idea but at the same time
a little bit frightened. What if something would go wrong? My arguments
had no effect at all and Caroline had already a scenario in her head. She
started to undress me and when I was totally naked we went to the garage
fetching the stuff she needed for her play. 2 ball gags, 3 pair of nipple
clamps, a cock ring, weights, chains, ankle and wrist straps and ropes.

To make it totally kinky she planned to do it
outside. Our garden was our favourite place to play all sort of sex 
games. The nearest house was more than a mile away and trees and bushes
made it impossible to see what was going on behind our house. Anyway the
possibility to get caught made it more thrilling. There was a minor inconvenience,
it was late fall and the weather was windy and rainy. Once again my argument
was for the deaf – when you are horny you don’t feel the cold.

We started preparing. I had to put ring over my
balls and separated them with a letter strap. A d-ring was fitted so a
weight could be added in a later stage. 
Caroline putted a little bench under the wooden
swing in the garden and was busy with chains and weights. After I locked
the ankle and wrist straps I got outside. The chilly wind caressed my body
and my nipples got erected where the impact on my cock was rather the opposite.

I got on the bench, which was not really stable,
and Caroline ordered me the spread my arms. My wrist straps were connected
with two chains hanging from the transversely beam of the swing. She put
the ball gag in my mouth and closed the straps severely. A spreader bar
between my ankles made it rather impossible for me to move. She took rather
a heavy peace of weight and connected it with a chain to my balls. Strangely
enough the weight was not hanging from my balls but was still supported
by the bench underneath. Finally she put two nasty clamps on my nipples
and I was almost prepared to endure her fantasy. At the clamps there was
a short chain with other clamps at the end …. her clamps.

She got preparing herself and watching her doing
so I got more and more horny. It started raining a little bit and instead
of cooling me down it got me more and more excited. The black ankle and
wrist cuffs on her naked body looked great. I don’t know when she did it
but the locking device she made was simple but at the same time ingenious.
The 2 chains, still hanging down from the beam, ran through two bolted
eye rings and were frozen together. She assumed it would take about an
hour before it would be melted enough to get them separated again.

At the ends of an other rather heavy chain some
ice was frozen and I had to keep both ends between my fingers. As I was
bounded it was not an easy task and I would not be able to keep it there
a long time as the cold would stiff the muscles in my fingers. With a naughty
look in her eyes she put a clamp on each of her outer pussy lips and connected
them with the weight hanging on my balls. After she fitted her ball gag
she connected her ankle cuffs to mine.  The scene was almost finished
as she took the clamps hanging from my body and put them on her stiff red
brown nipples. She connected one wrist to a chain and with a little effort
and some ingenious thinking she managed to slip the hook at the end of
a chain through the d-ring of her wrist cuff.

The only pain I felt was the biting of the clamps
in my nipples and Caroline bowed backwards on purpose so the clamps even
bite more in the tender flesh of my nipples.

The longer I stood there the more my fingers got
frozen by the ice on the end of the chain. All of a sudden the chain slipped
through my fingers and felt on the chain connecting our nipples. The additional
pain was almost unbearable and it was only the beginning of our self-inflicted
torture. Saliva was running out of our both gagged mouths and dripping
on our bodies. All of a sudden Caroline start rocking the bench and it
took no time before it felt over.

I felt how the weight of my body was stretching
every muscle in my arms and was almost dislocating my shoulders and elbows. 
But this was nothing compared with the pain I felt between my legs when
the weight, that until now was supported by the bench, stretched my balls.

Caroline felt the same “sensation” I believe.
The weight was stretching her pussy lips and the discomfort of hanging
free in the air was visible on her face.
But she was addicted to pain. She was in love
with torture, whipping and to be poked with whatever in her holes. She
started groaning and moaning and from time to time she started shaking
with her body so that the pain become denser. She looked in my eyes and
I could see that she enjoyed every moment of “our” torture.

I think we were hanging for about 15 minutes when
it started pouring down. The cold rain on our naked bodies made our torment
even worse and when it got really dark we lost notion of time. By the first
little cracking sounds Caroline immediately grabbed the chains connecting
me to the beam. Finally the ice gave away and the Caroline her chains were
disconnected.

She slowly lowered her holding her to my body
and released the clamps from her nipples. It was funny when she sat finally
in the grass with her legs in the air still connected to my ankles. When
she unattached her feeds and took the gag out of her mouth she was free
again. I was still hanging at the beam my destiny in her hands. She started
sucking me and in no time I came all over her face and tits. When the bench
was upright again she unchained me and free again we started to fuck in
the cold rain.

It was the first time in a long row of dual bondage
play and I keep you informed about our “progress”.

Bye!

Alex
