---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Good Neighbor
authors:
- Findar
tags:
- M/f
- bond
- rope
- blindfold
- gag
- reluct
- X
date: 2026-02-22 00:00:00
---

### Part 7: The Wheels Come Off

Dan awoke to the chime of his phone. He was greeted by a text from Jordan. “Still mad at me?” it asked, followed by a crying emoji. He ignored the message and dressed for work.

Walking out the front door, coffee in hand Dan stumbled over a bag left by his door. With hot coffee dribbling down his wrist he muttered, “What the fuck?” He picked up the plastic grocery bag. Coils of hemp rope were neatly arranged inside.

The apartment door had already closed behind him. He sighed in frustration as he juggled coffee, bondage gear and keys to get back inside. ‘Jesus, what if somebody else had opened the bag,’ he thought to himself. “What part of ‘Don’t fuck up my life,’ didn’t she understand?” he grumbled.

Seeing the kitchen clock moving from ‘sorta late’ to ‘counseling memo late’, Dan slung the bag under his bed next to the overnight bag. He raced back out the front door, forgetting his coffee in the process.

Dan was late. Traffic didn’t help and a lack of caffeine completed a foul mood. His phone chimed three times before noon. One was an offer for reduced homeowner’s insurance. The other two were from Jordan.

The first was another apology of sorts, although she laid a fair amount of the blame for the other night on him. The other was a sad emoji with a query as to whether he was not speaking to her. Dan ignored them both.

Dan ended up working later than he liked. It was one of those evenings when you grab fast food, drink a beer and go to bed, hoping tomorrow is better. So it took a moment to register when he put his key in the door that the door was already unlocked.

Cautiously he eased into the apartment. He was sure that he’d locked the door that morning. Feeling a bit like Sherlock Holmes, he noticed his coffee tumbler wasn’t where he had left it. In its place was a glass of wine.

Dan relaxed a bit. It was unlikely that a burglar came by for a glass of wine. Besides, he didn’t have any in the apartment since the night he poured it down the drain. Dan picked up the glass with a sigh. A quick taste told him who had left the wine. It was the white zin Jordan favored.

Carrying the glass down the hall Dan headed for his bedroom. He’d dump the wine down the sink when he took his shower, he decided. He really only drank the stuff when he was with Jordan.

At the bedroom door Dan froze. There ensconced in his bed was Jordan. She was propped up on one elbow, the covers tossed to the side. A short red negligee ended at her hip. She smiled, “Welcome home darling. Apology accepted?”

Dan swallowed the “oh shit” that was about to escape him. He climbed onto the bed, uncertain how to tell his girlfriend that he really wasn’t in the mood to play. But hormones trumped fatigue. In short order they were entangled in one another.

As make up sex went, it wasn’t bad, Dan thought. Of course, it broke the mood when Jordan insisted on a condom. But it was the sensible thing. The last thing he wanted was Jordan pregnant. Dan focused on Jordan, but fell asleep thinking of Alice as Jessica Rabbit.

The next day was another work day. After a night of sex it should have been a good one. But as Jordan was putting on her shoes one heel snagged the edge of a plastic grocery bag carelessly tossed beneath the bed.

Dan stepped out of the shower, towel wrapped about his waist to see all of Alice’s bondage gear scattered across his bed. Once Jordan had chanced upon the bag of ropes the overnight bag was easy to find. She had upended the case onto the bed.

“What the fuck is this,” Jordan shrieked.

“Fuck me,” Dan muttered. What was he to say? ‘Oh, I’m just keeping that stuff so my kinky neighbor doesn’t hurt herself. But don’t worry, I only tie her up on Tuesdays.’ “Jor, it’s hard to explain,” he started.

“It’s sick is what it is,” Jordan hissed. “Is this what you were leading up to the other night,” she demanded. “I thought I knew you, but this is too much.” She turned and stormed down the hall. Dan followed, only to see Jordan slam the apartment door in his face.

“Oh, I think that went well, don’t you?” he said aloud. Massaging his temples to ease the sudden headache Dan went to get dressed for work.

It was hard to stay focused on work. Dan kept thinking of how pissed Jordan was. He wasn’t sure, but it seemed a pretty safe bet that their relationship was over. He honestly wasn’t sure how he felt about that. It would certainly make his life a little simpler.

Alice seemed to want to have sex with him. But did she want a long-term commitment? And did he want a girlfriend that seemed more than just a little crazy? Part of his brain gave an enthusiastic “Yes!” and commenced designing the next bondage scenario. Another part told him he shouldn’t take advantage of her. It was like the cartoon angel and devil on his shoulders, except the devil was wearing full leather.

By Saturday night Dan was no closer to the answer, (although he was definitely well into the planning of Alice’s next bondage predicament.) Being a man of insight and intelligence, he decided the best way to deal with the issue was to crack a beer and watch ‘Svengoolie’ for the evening. He raised his beer towards the horror host on the television in a toast. “When problems are insurmountable-throw rubber chickens at them,” he told the screen.

A young Clint Eastwood was about to drop napalm on a giant tarantula when there was a knock on the door. No one had buzzed in from the lobby, so it had to be a neighbor. Could it be his kinkster neighbor with some new request? Dan’s pulse quickened at the thought.

A glance through the spy hole revealed Jordan standing outside. ‘At least she knocked,’ he said to himself. With a sigh he unlocked the door. “Hello Jordan,” Dan said neutrally.

“Can I come in?”

“You sure you want to?” Dan replied.

Jordan answered by pushing past him. Dan had to admire the outfit, a little black cocktail dress with strappy black heels. He also noted that Jordan was a little unsteady on them as she went down the hall.

Dan followed, wondering what he was supposed to do with the half-drunk woman. She had plunked herself in Dan’s recliner. When he approached Jordan looked up at him and said, “I’m ready.” The way she raised her chin and the serious tone made it sound like she was on death row.

“Ready for what?” Dan asked in confusion.

“For what you want to do to me,” was her response. “Look, I don’t know what got you into this weird stuff,” Jordan continued. She gestured at the television, “Maybe it’s all the gory stuff you watch.” Svengoolie was busily fending off a barrage of rubber chickens, adding to the “weird” part of her argument. “But if this is what you’re into, I’m willing to try.”

Dan felt the room shift. Was Jordan asking to be tied up? No, it was more like offering herself up as a human sacrifice. Certainly different from Alice’s burning desire for tight restraints. But if Jordan was willing to play, perhaps that would dampen his desire to take advantage of Alice when she was helpless.

“Okay,” Dan said, a bit doubtfully. “But you have to follow the rules.”

Jordan’s eyes widened slightly. “Rules?”

“Right,” Dan said, gaining a bit of confidence. “You do what I tell you without argument, understand?”

“But I,” Jordan started. Dan cut her off.

“I’m not going to debate everything we do,” he said curtly. “If you need to stop the scene you can say the word ‘red’ and I’ll stop. If something is hurting or needs to be changed you say ‘yellow’. Is that clear?”

“Uh, red and yellow, yeah. But why can’t I just say stop?”

“Because you might not really mean it.” Dan saw the look of confusion on her face. “Sometimes people say ‘oh no’ or ‘stop’ just to add to the feeling of helplessness. The colors are a clear sign.”

“Okay I guess,” Jordan said uncertainly. It seemed a bit complicated to her. The idea was so much simpler when she’d decided to leave her friends at the bar. Dan would tie her hands, maybe even behind her back and they’d have sex. Then he could get this kinky fantasy out of his head and they could move on.

Jordan’s thoughts were interrupted by Dan. “Get up and walk to the bedroom.”

Startled by Dan’s tone she got up and headed for the bedroom. Dan walked just behind her. Jordan looked nervously over her shoulder at him. “Keep your eyes front. You don’t need to see me,” he commanded.

When they entered the bedroom Dan indicated a spot at the end of the bed. “Stand there and face the bed,” he told her. He dropped down on the bed, facing her. He could see the doubt in her eyes. “Say ‘red’ now and we’ll forget the whole thing,” he said quietly.

“No-no I want to do this,” Jordan replied in what she hoped was a brave voice.

“Okay then, take your dress off.”

Jordan gave him a look of surprise. She remembered how much Dan liked getting her clothes off. This was somehow-different. She quickly caught the spaghetti straps of her dress, pulling them off her shoulders.

“Slow down, Pet,” Dan said soothingly. “We’ve got all night.”

Jordan blushed crimson. She wasn’t used to the kind of critical inspection her boyfriend was subjecting her to. And the name, “Pet,” he’d never called her that before. It was like she wasn’t a person. But she carried on, wanting to do her best to make the evening work.

Jordan had the dress down to her knees when Dan told her to let it fall. It draped about her ankles, but when she moved to step out of it Dan stopped her. “Not yet, wait till I tell you,” was the quiet order. “Put your hands behind your head, elbows back.”

Jordan did as she was told. Wishing that she’d had another drink at the bar, she laced her hands behind her head. Clad in her black strapless bra and matching panties she somehow felt more exposed than if she had been naked.

“Elbows back, look straight ahead, Pet.” Dan waited for her to follow his commands. He didn’t want to rush. ‘Let her get used to the idea of being controlled first,’ he thought. “Now step out of your dress.”

Jordan looked down as she cleared her feet from the now useless dress. She snapped her head up when Dan barked, “Eyes front!” “Listen Dan, I don’t think…”

“Don’t think,” he ordered. “All you have to do is concentrate on doing what you’re told.” Dan smiled to himself as Jordan’s mouth snapped shut. He thought of all the times she’d badgered him on some minor issue. It was pleasing to get the last word in.

Dan got up from the bed. As he stepped around Jordan she turned to face him. “Stay still, eyes front,” he admonished her. When her gaze returned to the wall above the bed he continued his circuit. Standing behind her Dan reached up to catch the back of her bra. He deftly released the catch, musing on the fact that it was so much easier when they weren’t in bed. He let the bra fall at her feet.

Jordan resisted the urge to move. She just wanted to turn and put her arms around Dan, turning the moment into a tender one. But before she could she felt his thumbs hook the side of her panties. She gave an involuntary shudder as they were dragged down over her thighs.

“Step out,” Dan commanded. The panties hung loosely around Jordan’s ankles. She awkwardly slipped them over her shoes. “Now spread your legs.”

“Can’t we just get on the bed?” Jordan whined.

Dan grabbed Jordan by the hair, pulling her head back against him. “You’re not being disobedient, are you? Because that would be bad.” That dark side of his mind chuckled gleefully as Jordan gasped in fear. “Now spread your legs.”

Jordan’s chest tightened. The pull on her hair hurt. But it was more the shock than the pain. Suddenly things seemed a lot less like a bedroom game. She let out a little whimper of protest before opening her legs.

Dan’s heart was racing. His pants bulged at the crotch. Releasing his grip on Jordan’s hair he slipped a hand down her backside and between her legs. “For someone who thinks this is ‘sick.’ You seem to be enjoying yourself,” he said as he felt the wetness there.

Jordan let out a little moan as he probed. Her legs shook in little spasms. She could feel the heat rising in her face. All of this was so wrong, but she was afraid to stop him.

Dan caught Jordan’s hair with one hand while he teased her with the other. She twisted in his grip and he demanded she keep still. “I can’t,” she moaned. “Please stop. I can’t.”

Withdrawing his hand, Dan urged her towards the bed. “Get on your hands and knees.” But when Jordan bent to remove her high heels he stopped her. “Keep the shoes.” Jordan tried to look back and scowl. Dan still had her hair and forced her to look forward.

“I think this is kinda rough Dan,” Jordan protested. But as he pressed her forward Jordan mounted the bed. Only when she was in the center of the bed on her hands and knees did Dan release his grip.

“Eyes front, head up,” he told her as he fished beneath the bed. The overnight bag was where he’d left it. He had repacked it carefully after Jordan had dumped it on her previous visit. The blindfold he wanted was close to hand.

Jordan pulled back when the leather appeared before her face. “Uh, can’t I just keep my eyes closed? You don’t need that.”

“You can’t keep your mouth closed. What makes you think you’d keep your eyes closed,” he asked her. “Now just keep still, this won’t hurt you,” he said as he pressed the blindfold to her face.

Jordan froze as the soft leather covered her eyes. “It’s hooked on my nose,” she whined.

Dan was almost conversational as he buckled the strap at the back of her head. “Yes, it has an opening for your nose with part underneath. That way it can’t slip off.” He paused to check that it was properly positioned. “Now why don’t you try being a quiet little kitten,” he said soothingly.

Jordan shuddered as Dan stroked her naked back. Long slow strokes with the back of one hand traveled down her spine, ending at her buttocks. His other hand slipped beneath her. It found her pert little breast. The little gasp that escaped her was sweet music to Dan.

“There’s my sweet little girl,” Dan crooned as he stroked Jordan’s naked frame.

“I’m not your lit-ugk.”

Jordan’s protest was interrupted as Dan clamped a hand over her mouth. She struggled against his grip instinctively. But Dan used his free hand to capture the back of her head. “Only one of us is doing the talking tonight,” he growled.

Jordan, still struggling, raised a hand to pry Dan’s hand from her lips. He took advantage of her unstable position, pressing her down onto the bed. She twisted beneath him, trying to break free. They ended up with Jordan on her back and Dan on top of her, pinning her to the bed. He held her wrists firmly in his.

“I think you need to be tied down,” he said in a commanding voice. “Are you going to behave or is this going to be a wrestling match?”

Jordan’s mind was clouded with alcohol and fear. Dan had easily overpowered her. It was something she’d never seen from him before. “I-I’ll behave,” she stammered.

Dan pushed Jordan’s arms out towards the corners of his bed. “Keep them there,” he said warningly as he eased his weight off her. When he saw that she wasn’t going to move he climbed off to retrieve some ropes from the bag.

He looked at the coils of hemp. He decided against them and grabbed for the cotton clothesline instead. He took the EMT shears and put them on the nightstand. Only then did he take Jordan’s wrist. He began wrapping the cord in a single limb cuff.

Jordan felt the line wrapping around her wrist. As Dan pulled the knot snug she protested. “That’s kind of tight. Couldn’t you loosen it a bit?”

Dan slipped a finger under the coils. It wasn’t all that tight but he loosened it a bit anyway. Slipping off the bed he tied the free end to the bed frame. As he started on Jordan’s other wrist he noticed her quietly working the first hand against the rope. She had rolled her thumb in and was slipping it through the binding. ‘So much for it’s too tight,’ came the frustrated thought.

“You’re doing it too tight,” Jordan reiterated, pulling her hand back. “Couldn’t you just tie them together? I promise I’ll hold them over my head if that’s what you want.”

Dan responded by pulling her hand back with the free end of the rope. “It’s not too tight. And you need to stop complaining,” he said in frustration. He had just finished tying the rope to the bed frame when Jordan slipped her other hand free.

“Da fuck,” he growled in frustration. He ran a hand through his hair. Returning to the left side of the bed he untied the rope. Somewhat roughly Dan caught Jordan’s now free wrist and repeated the process of binding her. As she started to speak Dan cut her off. “No, it’s not too tight,” he told her. “I can slip a finger between the rope and your wrist. That’s good enough for circulation so stop complaining.”

Jordan looked like she was about to say something. But the tone of Dan’s voice stopped her-at least until he caught her left ankle. “What are you doing now?” she asked from behind her blindfold.

“Tying your legs open so I can see what you have to offer me,” was Dan’s smug response. Unlike Alice who waited for him to finish his bondage before she began to struggle, Jordan was already working against the ropes on her wrists. Enjoying her struggles, Dan wrapped the clothesline around her ankle.

“My hands are tied, isn’t that enough?” Jordan whined. She felt the pull as Dan dragged her leg towards the side of the bed. “I’ll keep my legs open for you. You don’t have to tie them-really.”

Dan could feel the frustration building at Jordan’s constant complaining. She continued to promise that she wouldn’t close her legs. But in all of this she hadn’t used a safe word. Dan had the feeling she was just trying to annoy him, showing that his supposed bondage fantasy was not realistic.

It was that thought which had him reaching into the overnight bag for Alice’s ball gag. Dan leaned over the blindfolded Jordan, holding the ball inches away from her lips. “Jor,” he said quietly, “you need to shut the fuck up.”

Dan’s statement had the effect he’d expected. Jordan, a shocked expression on her face said, “How dare you!” But anything else was cut off as Dan shoved the red ball into her open mouth. Jordan let out a frightened squeal as the gag was pushed past her teeth.

“This should help keep you quiet,” Dan snarled as he pulled the strap behind her head. The gag electrified Jordan. She bucked and struggled, screeching garbled protests from behind the gag. Dan climbed off the frightened woman, filled now with an angry desire to teach her a lesson.

Jordan’s right leg flailed wildly as she struggled. Dan reached out, rope in one hand to catch her ankle. Technique fell by the wayside as he worked to get a loop in place. It was nowhere as pretty as the other ties, but it would pin Jordan to the bed. He would clean it up after he got her calmed down.

As Dan pulled Jordan’s leg to the corner of the bed she drew back sharply, pulling her knee towards her chest. When Dan moved to pull the leg back she lashed out blindly. Through the sole of her shoe Jordan felt a crunch, followed by a strangled cry.

Dan, focused on the loose rope, didn’t see the foot coming. It smashed into his nose, the spike heel gouging his chin. Blood sprayed and the world wet white for him. Clutching his face Dan sank to the floor.

As his vision cleared, so did his mind. ‘What the fuck am I doing?’ he asked himself. Jordan was still frantically struggling on the bed. Dan was afraid that he’d pass out and leave her stranded there. Clutching his smashed nose he crawled blearily to the night table. A bloody hand grabbed the EMT shears. He reached out, catching the rope that held Jordan’s arm to the bed frame.

Jordan felt her hand come free. She tore off the blindfold. The bloody mask of Dan’s face made her shriek anew. Frantically she worked to free her other hand. She whined as she worked the tight knot.

With both hands free Jordan unbuckled her gag, tossing it away with horror. Dan lay slumped against the bed. It seemed there was blood everywhere. Her concern for him was tempered by the fear that he could rise up and attack her again. She freed her leg from its binding. Snatching up her clothes Jordan rushed for the front door.

Dan vaguely heard the door slam. “Oh, fuck me,” he groaned. Getting to his feet he staggered to the bathroom sink. The face that stared back from the mirror looked like a traffic accident. The nose was definitely broken. The chin gash might need stitches.

With a towel to his face Dan returned to the bedroom. It looked like a crime scene. The thought made Dan wonder what Jordan would do. Would she call the police? It was definitely a possibility. And if the cops saw his bedroom he was going to be the one in for some serious steel bondage. “Here officer, use mine, they’re a much better quality,” he muttered to himself.

Most of the mess was cleaned up when there was a knock on the door. Dan walked to the door and peeked out. Two uniformed officers stood in the hallway. Dan froze. A second knock, harder this time. “Police, open up please.”

With a defeated sigh Dan opened the door. ‘At least they said please,’ gibbered the voice in his head.

The officers were clearly taken aback by Dan’s haggard appearance. “Sir we got a welfare check call from a Miss Jordan Manning. It seems she was concerned for your well-being. Looks like she was right.”

Dan’s knees almost buckled beneath him. He wasn’t going to jail after all. Gesturing towards his smashed nose he said, “Oh this? Yeah I tripped and caught the edge of the table.”

One officer had a note pad out. “Any loss of consciousness sir?”

“Uh, no. I just couldn’t reach the phone when it rang. Jordan must have gotten worried. I’m fine, really.”

The officer with the note pad frowned. “Well, if you’re sure everything’s all right, we’ll be going then.” He sounded like he didn’t buy Dan’s story, but wasn’t going to pursue it if Dan wasn’t more forthcoming. “You should get that looked at. We can call you an ambulance if you want.”

“Oh no, there’s a walk-in clinic down the street. I’ll get it looked at there.”

Dan closed the door and slowly sank to the floor. He had been an idiot, but it seemed the only real cost would be a few stitches and a busted nose. It probably also cost him a girlfriend. For some reason that didn’t bother him as much as it should have.

‘Yeah, like the reason that lives next door,’ came a sly, dark voice in his head.
