---
original_url: https://www.latexstories.net/storieslr/leon_city_stories31.html
subcategory: Latex Stories
title: Leon City Stories
authors:
- TheLargeEmpty
tags:
- F+/f+
- latex
- majick
- costume
- game
- fpov
- rope
- bond
- gag
- cuffs
- zipties
- trap
- susp
- straitjacket
- mum
- cons
- reluct
- X
date: 2025-06-22 00:00:00
---

### 31: The Latex League Needs No Badges

#### **Rilliana**

Rilliana gritted her teeth as she listened to the lies being fed to the court and the jury. She looked at Summer and Ava sitting next to her. Ava had her hands clenched into fists and was staring at Sarah with dark, glittering eyes, while Summer's shoulders shook. Phoebe could only shake her head and Rilliana couldn't blame her.

“So as you can see, everything was arranged with Mrs. von Nachtschwing, Mrs. Miller and Mrs. Wynters and my game show did not violate any laws or the contracts negotiated with the three women,” Sarah said, a cheeky smile appearing on her face.

“Ms. Jenkins…” Rilliana began, but she was immediately interrupted by Sarah's attorney.

"Objection, your honor! My client is still not Sarah Jenkins as the plaintiffs claim!"

“Sustained!” said the judge, rolling his eyes.

"Excuse me. Ms. Langford just looks so incredibly like Ms. Jenkins," Rilliana said, arranging her papers with a wry smile. It disappeared a second later and she looked to the judge and jury for a moment. They were all eating out of Sarah's hands and believing her every word. The proceedings had taken an unfortunate turn when it came out that Summer had already claimed that Sarah was still alive. What's more, she claimed that Sarah had already kidnapped her a few months ago. Rilliana knew Summer was telling the truth, but the police reports said otherwise. In addition, there was the incriminating background and Summer's incarceration in a reform school with her parents.

“Ms. Aearoneth, are you speechless?” Sarah's defense attorney asked, and Rilliana shook her head. She looked at Summer, Ava and Phoebe.

“I'm sorry,” she whispered to them and turned her gaze back to Sarah, staring at her with ice-cold eyes.

"Mrs. Langford. So you're saying that all the contracts with my clients have been honored?" asked Rilliana.

“Yes, that's right.”

"Then can you please read me the contract? The last part, please."

Sarah, who had been smiling victoriously throughout the entire negotiation, suddenly frowned and consulted the contract that her three friends had supposedly signed. Her face froze and she stared up at Rilliana.

"That's invalid! The show was…" Sarah started to say, but was interrupted by Rilliana.

“Please just read it out Ms. Langford.”

Sarah turned pale and her defense attorney started flipping through his papers until he held the document in his fingers and turned pale as well.

“All participants are hereby awarded monetary compensation… BUT, the show was canceled and it was the fault of…"

"Was it really my clients' fault? I watched the livestream and no video showed that any of the people wanted to cancel. What's more, they were - and please let me quote YOU here, Ms. Langford," Rilliana said, putting her finger on a piece of paper she had written on the first day of the trial. "The participants were enthusiastic and always wanted to keep going to win more prizes! Now I'm wondering: where are those prizes, or did they want to keep them?"

Sarah's mouth fell open and she looked for help from her lawyer, who could only look stupid.

“Unless, of course, you confess that the contract was generated by an AI and the whole show was just one big lie to get back at my clients and keep them trapped… Ms. Jenkins?”

“Objection!”

“Let Ms. Langford answer the question, please,” the judge said, now visibly more interested in what Sarah had to say than in the subject of her name.

“I want to talk to my client!”

"Granted. We'll take a break for a quarter of an hour," said the judge simply. Not a second later, Sarah went to her lawyer and into a conference room with a deep red head. Rilliana sat back down in her chair.

“What are you doing?” asked Phoebe, who had the same look on her face as Sarah.

"Getting the best for you. The fake evidence is overwhelming and the LCPD is playing into their cards in many ways. Corrupt to the bone. Kinda sucks, though, when you describe your game show to an AI to forge a contract and don't even read through it. I might not be able to put Sarah behind bars, but give you the money you deserve? Absolutely,“ Rilliana explained, patting Summer's back, ”I know, it's just a small consolation."

Summer looked up at her and nodded.

“Thank you, Rilliana… one day she'll fall and we'll be there,” she whispered.

"You bet your life we will. Still, I'm worried about the state of the LCPD," Rilliana murmured, glancing over her shoulder. She felt as if dozens of pairs of eyes were resting on her. Immediately, several people in the hall acted as if they were watching something else.

“I can't wait for Caitlyn to move up in the force and clean up properly,” she said with a sigh.

"Caitlyn in Internal Affairs? She just finished her first year as a rookie, didn't she?“ said Ava, ”Didn't she say she wanted to be a detective?"

“So many possibilities,” Rilliana said, looking up as Sarah came back into the courtroom with her lawyer. With satisfaction, she could see the hatred in their eyes.

“Checkmate,” Rilliana said and stood up as the judge continued the session.

Rilliana walked down the steps of the courthouse with a broad smile. She hadn't managed to put Sarah behind bars, but she had still had to fork over almost all the money from her livestream. The little she had left probably went towards the huge mansion and all the machines in it. Summer was able to use the money to build a new life for herself after breaking away from her parents. Ava didn't need the money and wanted to give it to Summer. Phoebe just wanted to be paid for the job and gave the rest of her share. Summer would have an excellent new start and hopefully a safe one too. Sarah would be back. Rilliana was aware of this and hoped the pink-haired girl would too. The three of them had already walked a few steps ahead while Rilliana had packed her things. They had met in a nearby parking garage and walked from there to court. Rilliana was just about to walk faster and join them when the elf's phone rang. She answered the call immediately and slowed her steps again.

“Where's the fire Celine?” she asked, smiling when she heard the puffing on the other side of the receiver.

“Where are you?” Celine asked a little indignantly.

"What do you mean? I told you I was at court."

"Ah… there was something. Did everything end well?"

"Could have gone better, but I managed to get the best out of it. Hard to believe Leon City is still as corrupt as it was 800 years ago."

“No kidding,” Celine said somberly and sighed. However, she cleared her throat the next moment and continued, "So, what I'm calling about… Thanks for asking, by the way. I have a little idea… which Summer would definitely like and the others might like too. Can you bring it here?"

"A new C&T event? After what… half a year? Sounds exciting! What have you come up with?"

"Well, I thought I'd tinker a bit with these game consoles and set up a few things in the guest house. I need someone to test them out, of course. So Summer and her friends. She should be best suited to it," Celine considered and Rilliana frowned.

“Why do I have the feeling I'm going to spend another whole night tied up?”

"Maybe… and only if you play badly. Just bring all the rascals with you. I've already sent them all one of those computer letters. Kim has also asked if one or two of her friends can join in. I really hope it all works out," Celine mumbled to herself.

“Soooo, no open magic?”

“Well no, but…”

“Celiiiiiiiiinnneeeeee!”

"Don't worry! I should be able to explain everything for the normals… I hope. Just bring the ladies by! OH! And have Phoebe pick up Jade! See you in a bit!"

"Wait a minute! How many…“ Rilliana was about to ask, but the witch had already hung up, ”Haaaaaa. Where did the three of them go?"

Rilliana quickened her pace to get to the parking garage as quickly as possible. She didn't want to keep Celine waiting and was curious to see what the event would bring.

#### **Summer**

Right from the start, the proceedings had not gone the way Summer would have liked. The police only seemed to play into Sarah's hands and she had managed to turn all the facts around. At least Rilliana had been able to get something out of it for her, and with that money Summer wanted to start a new life. Away from her parents, safe from Sarah and with someone she loved. Summer looked at Ava, who was walking beside her and laughing at one of Phoebe's jokes.

“Maybe…?” Summer mumbled, barely audible, but Ava turned to her and said, “What did you say Summer?”

“Nothing, nothing,” Summer said hastily and Ava nodded at her as they entered the parking garage. It didn't exactly smell pleasant, so the three of them walked a little faster down the stairs until they arrived at one of the lower parking levels.

“Where did we park again?” Ava asked and Phoebe pointed past hundreds of cars in a rough direction.

“About there.”

Summer thought the direction was about right and followed the others. She hadn't exactly been paying attention when they got here. The trial had distracted her far too much and even now she was still thinking about it. So she didn't notice that Ava had stopped and bumped into her.

“Sorry, what's…” she began, but fell silent when several masked people stood in front of them. All armed with baseball bats, brass knuckles or even ropes and sacks.

“Hello ladies,” said the leader of them, “We'd like to ask you not to make too much noise and to come along quietly.”

Summer's muscles stiffened and she couldn't even take a step back. Meanwhile, Phoebe's forehead began to sweat and she put her fists up, ready for a fight. Ava, however, didn't seem afraid, nor did she really seem safe. She gritted her teeth angrily and held her collar lightly with her fingers, which Summer identified as Greed. Immediately, Summer realized why she was hesitant to take the bastards out. If anyone even saw what Greed was, they would have some explaining to do. Covering up the last mishap with him at Sarah's mansion would have been nearly impossible if Jade hadn't come by with that silver stuff, that forgetting serum.

"Are you sure you want this? There are cameras everywhere," Ava said calmly, looking around. Sure enough, the women could see some red lights on the ceiling.

"We'll delete the recordings in a moment, don't worry. Now get down on the floor or…" He didn't get any further when a brown flash suddenly shot past Summer and landed right in the leader's face. He fell backwards with a thud and a brown briefcase next to him. Summer was astonished as Rilliana walked past them and stood in front of them. She had thrown her briefcase at the leader's head and knocked him out immediately. Summer didn't quite know whether to be happy or laugh as the slender woman now stood between them and the attackers. The sight was too absurd. But then she saw the look on Rilliana's face, which seemed cold and calculating, but also sad.

"I'm only going to say this once. Leave my clients alone or you'll regret it," she threatened, and it was almost like a whisper, making the hairs on the back of Summer's neck stand on end. The attackers didn't know what to do at first, until one cried out and came running towards Rilliana. She exhaled in disappointment and from one breath to the next she swung a nail file in a glowing arc. The metal narrowly missed the attacker as he dodged backwards with a clumsy step in panic. Rilliana went after him, grabbed his arm and spun him around. In the next moment, she clutched his body with her legs and pulled his head into his neck. A fraction of a second later, the nail file rested against his throat. The attacker squealed like a pig when he felt the cold metal. Rilliana's gaze traveled from his neck up to the attackers, who stumbled back and fled. Satisfied, the elf shoved her prey aside and stood up as he crawled away from the women and scrambled to his feet to follow the others.

“What the hell… was that?” asked Ava, and Rilliana smiled faintly as she checked to make sure her hairband was still in place.

“Being a lawyer in this town requires a bit of combat experience and maybe a bit of adrenaline.”

“Ah… of course,” Phoebe mumbled, slowly lowering her fists as they were now superfluous.

"I can't let them kidnap you. After all, that's my job."

“Hahaha… yeah… wait, what?” Summer asked and Rilliana's smile turned into a grin. The nail file flashed and the elf held it like a knife towards Summer.

"Phoebe I'm waiting for you and Jade at the C&T site. She knows where it is. I'll take these two off your hands until then."

"Um. Okay? What's C&T?"

Suddenly everyone's eyes were on her like she'd lost her mind and Phoebe blushed.

“It's just one of the best fetish and clothing companies in Leon City and probably the whole world,” Summer said before Rilliana could open her mouth. Phoebe's mouth formed into a line and her face darkened.

“Sorry, I'm not really interested in latex and um that stuff,” Phoebe explained, “I'll be happy to bring Jade over. She hasn't really had a vacation since we started working together, but…”

“Mmmh I see,” Rilliana said understandingly and nodded, but Summer wasn't satisfied with a no just yet.

"Tell Phoebe… don't you think it would be safer for you to stay with Jade? I mean, we just got mugged and who knows when we'll be back, right? Sarah can be pretty revengeful. But naaaa. I'm sure your apartment in Falenplaza is safe enough."

Phoebe gave her a dark look.

"You little… fine! Whatever!“ Phoebe said dryly, ”Rilliana you can keep Summer and you'd better give her a big gag!"

Shaking her head, Phoebe walked to her car, but the women could see that she had a slight smile on her lips.

“You're the devil,” mumbled Ava to Summer, who had her tongue hanging out cheekily from the side of her mouth.

Summer sat on a stool and looked up with a furrowed brow at Celine, who told her what she had been up to, albeit with technical terms she had made up.

“Hang on Celine… what do you want from me now?” Summer asked as her head started to whistle. Celine exhaled in annoyance and took a deep breath.

“And once again…” Celine interrupted herself so as not to be rude, "I need your knowledge about these Pokémon. I have an idea for an event, but it will only work if I put this helmet on your head first."

Summer narrowed her eyes.

“How?”

Celine, now visibly annoyed, took a deep breath.

"This helmet is a NeuroGrapper. I can use it to tap into your memories and…"

"Celine, it's a bicycle helmet that you've stuck cables to with duct tape. I want to know what you're up to."

Celine made a face and looked towards Rilliana, who just shrugged her shoulders.

“I… can't tell you that, I… we…” Celine began, but Summer's face lit up at once.

"OH! I know, Celine. I thought Terra or Caitlyn would have told you already," Summer said, blushing. Celine shook her head briefly, not understanding what Summer meant.

"I came into contact with magic a few months ago and so did Ava… and Cass and Caitlyn anyway… Luke… it was quite a shock for him. You're an old witch and Rilliana's an elf, right?"

Celine blinked several times and her mouth dropped open. Rilliana clapped her hand to her face and shook her head.

“Honestly why did I even bother,” Rilliana muttered and groaned.

"Terra didn't say anything and um… wait! I'M NOT OLD!" Celine cried out and Summer giggled.

"Sorryyyyy. I didn't mean it like that. But what's with the helmet now?"

Celine muttered something under her breath and lifted up the helmet, which was connected to a computer with a thick cable.

"This is supposed to be a disguise and permission for me to tap into your head for Pokémon information. However, since you know I can cast spells, I don't need to…"

"Why don't you just look on the internet? I think the information there is a bit more accurate. Depending on what you need?"

“Um, everything?”

"Then definitely the internet. Here," Summer said and called up a few pages on the computer. Celine's eyes immediately lit up.

"Oh my, this is amazing! Look Rilli! Everything we need is here! Why didn't you think of that?" Celine asked the elf, who just shook her head uncomprehendingly.

“That's perfect!” muttered Celine and seemed to no longer need Summer from one moment to the next. Rilliana grabbed her shoulder and pulled her towards the changing rooms.

“Sorry,” Summer mumbled again, but towards Rilliana she waved her off.

“I figured you'd figure it out on your own sooner or later anyway,” said Rilliana.

“So what's she up to now?” Summer asked and Rilliana looked nervously over her shoulder towards the witch.

"Combining magic with technology. Not the first time I've seen something like that…last time was a little different too and pff…80 years ago?" said Rilliana, shaking her head to forget thoughts of the dark time.

"Eighty years? Wait, you're…?"

“Naaa, I'm around 800 years old, Celine is… younger,” said towards Rilliana who felt Celine's sharp gaze on the back of her neck at that very moment, “Um… just put on one of the costumes Celine prepared and then lie down in that glass coffin there.”

Summer frowned and now saw a glass box in the cabin, upholstered with light blue velvet cushions. At its head end was a helmet that would cover her eyes. A touchpad was mounted in a wall next to it. Summer nodded, but looked back down the hall for a moment. There were about 20 booths all around and behind each one was probably another glass box. A few of them were already closed and black glass panes hid who was in them.

“How many will there be?” asked Summer.

"No idea. A few are already ready and a few more wanted to come. Kim wanted to bring a few more friends and that's why, and actually also because of you, no… obvious magic and all this effort. A few spells would be too much even for Celine, to be honest."

“And… that's why…"

“Did she combine magic with a video game?”

“Hooo,” Summer muttered, nodding in agreement, “A few things would probably be really hard to explain.”

Summer went into the cabin.

“See you in a bit then…” muttered Summer and towards Rilliana, she gave her shoulder another quick squeeze before leaving the cabin. The door closed behind her and the glass of the cabin darkened to black. Summer stood in front of the touchpad and pressed it.

“Welcome to the first C&T event of the year!” it said in large letters. A melody played that Summer knew only too well from her first Pokémon game, and her stomach jumped with happiness as the nostalgic feelings were awakened in her. At the same time, Celine's voice began to speak: "Welcome, dear guest at C&T. I am Celine, your hostess, and I am delighted that you are here. This event will be anything but the previous ones, although you may find a few parallels. The game we are playing today will be one full of exciting battles and one of lies and deceit. All under the guise of my ingenious inventions, of course, and Pokémon and its rules… more or less! Before we get started, though, I'd like you to dress appropriately and then put yourself in the box!"

A menu of clothing options appeared on the touchpad and Summer immediately saw that they were all made to look like outfits from Pokémon. Summer could use the arrows on the touchpad to call up any outfit, be it from the games or from the series. What's more, the costume you selected would randomly determine what kind of latex Pokémon you would become if you were caught. She was also pleased to see that the option for latex clothing had been selected from the outset. Phoebe would probably deselect this option and pray that she would never be caught.

“So what do we have here?” muttered Summer, flicking through the pages. She wanted something iconic. If they were playing a Pokémon game, she wanted to show her status as a Pokémon nerd and prove her dominance when they played against each other.

“Cynthia's outfit!” Summer finally shouted when she found it among the hundreds of items of clothing. She was about to press confirm when it grayed out. She blinked as an error message appeared.

“What, this outfit has already been taken by someone else?!” she asked indignantly, pressing the confirm button again only to get the error message once more. Summer took a deep breath.

"Well, whatever. Then this," she mumbled and went back a few outfits, only to realize that Lucia's short pink and black dress had also been stolen by someone else.

“That's just…” Summer groaned but shook her head, "It doesn't matter, the main thing is that I have latex on my skin. Which outfit has the most body coverage and makes a strong impression…? Ace trainer? Unless I really want one of the main characters… or…"

Summer kept scrolling until she found the shiny red dress of the arena leader Sabrina. Part of the uniform was a corset and boots that went up to her knees. She also wore black leggings.

“Perfect,” she mumbled and pressed confirm. Nothing happened for a moment until a flap next to the touchpad opened and Sabrina's outfit appeared inside. It was made entirely of shiny latex, but seemed a little too big for her body. Summer didn't worry about that though, as C&T's latex would adjust to her measurements shortly after she put it on. There was also a riding crop on top of the clothes, which made Summer chuckle.

“Well, I hope I can use that too.”

She set the latex aside and began to remove her white blouse and dark pants. The plain outfit had been suggested to her by Ava for court and now seemed like a joke compared to what she would be wearing in a few minutes. She stuffed her plain underwear and the rest of her clothes back into the compartment and closed it. The flap disappeared seamlessly into the wall and Summer turned back to the latex. She licked her lips. She'd be lying if she said she'd worn latex the last time she'd been in Sarah's villa. After all, Ava had a large pool and Summer now also had a latex mermaid costume. Of course, this had to be used regularly. Summer put on the leggings first and then the dark red dress with the long sleeves. Her skirt fell straight down her thighs and had a slit at the side. Lastly, she put her legs into the boots and tied the corset around her, but not too tightly, as she didn't know how strenuous the game would be. She took the whip from the bench and twirled it in her hand as she looked at her reflection in the mirror.

“Maybe I should dye my hair black?” she muttered, imagining how she would look in the costume. However, she shook her head and dismissed the idea.

"Well, the pink is perfect. I'm glad I didn't stick with blonde. That wouldn't look so good now."

She tossed her hair back and stomped her boot on the floor. A bright, clacking sound echoed in the cabin.

“I'm ready,” Summer said and climbed into the glass box. She lay down on the cozy cushions and as the lid closed over her, the helmet lowered over her face, robbing her of her vision. Summer closed her eyes and from one moment to the next she fell into a swirl of dark colors and down onto a mountain range that towered over the rest of the playing area.

#### **Red**

I didn't know what I had let myself in for after accepting C&T's invitation. Celine, the boss of the company, was also extremely surprised that I showed up. In fact, I was almost too late for the “event”. Without much explanation, the witch pushed me into one of the booths with the words: "Great that you're so open minded. Have fun!"

The changing room was equipped with a touchpad where I had to choose my clothes for the event! I rolled my eyes when I saw it was all latex until I deselected an almost hidden option. I then chose a costume that the character Red from the Pokémon manga had worn. I changed my clothes and pulled the red cap low over my face. With a press, I confirmed that I was ready and the game explanation appeared on the touchpad. I felt my cheeks flush red as some of them involved tying up and catching the other participants with Pokéballs.

“Now that's an event…” I mumbled and climbed into the coffin. It was probably just to hide the magic that was going on here. If I didn't have my goal in mind, I'd probably be more excited than ever, but I was here for something more important. I wanted answers and I was going to get them. I turned my cap aside and the helmet lowered over my eyes. A second later, I fell into a swirl of shadows and landed in an urban area surrounded by stone, glass, and concrete.

"Impressive, so that's this magic? I really need to find out more about it, but first…" I muttered and ran deeper into the city to find a safe place. I had to be there until the end. That would maximize my chances. At the very least, I should have an advantage with my Pokémon knowledge. I hoped that would be enough to accomplish my goal. Just one conversation. That was all I wanted. A message appeared in my field of vision, telling me I was on the evil team. I shook my head, not really caring, and waved the message aside. Another message appeared.

“Construction mode unlocked…” I read, tilting my head as I read through various menus. The programmers had just given me the keys to victory, whether they wanted to or not.

#### **Phaelyn**

Phae bit her fingernails nervously as she feverishly read the complicated rules of the game. This was very different from the last event, where she only had to play Celine's little captive princess. It also didn't help that she was alone in a small chamber, even if her new costume was cute. It consisted of a red skirt, a black shirt and over-the-knee stockings. She'd briefly considered whether she really wanted all-latex, and had decided to go for it after all, even though she knew she'd turn red as a tomato if anyone saw her.

"Ca… Catch… I catch my teammates by tying them up? And then throwing a Pokéball at them…“ Phaelyn read aloud in a whisper and furrowed her brow, ”why do I have to tie them up?"

The question was answered on the next page. When someone was caught with a Pokéball, they only had a moment to escape from it. The restraints would hinder them.

“How does Celine keep finding a way to do that?” Phaelyn said appreciatively, licking her lips longingly. She really wanted to know what it looked like in a Pokéball. In the pictures, it looked very cozy and, more importantly, tight.

“Sexy tight,” she murmured when she saw an animation in which a stick figure was encased in latex. She really wanted to swap places with the figure.

“He he… hehehe,” she mumbled and skipped the rest of the rules. She wanted to get started as quickly as possible and dropped into the glass box. The helmet slipped over her head and she fell into the game world onto a green meadow. She rolled over it and came out lying on her back laughing. A message appeared in her field of vision.

"You're on the good team! Don't get caught by the bad guys! Good luck!"

“EEEEEH!?” asked Phae, who hadn't noticed this rule before. But now she didn't have a chance to look. Instead, she lay on the grass for a while and enjoyed the bright blue sky.

"Celine has made such a beautiful sky! This is going to be a great game… maybe I could…" a grin appeared on her lips and she straightened up. Phae leapt into the air, wanting to use her wings to explore the game world, but they didn't appear. Instead, she kicked the air for a moment and then plopped to the ground.

"HEEEEEEEE?! WHERE ARE MY WINGS?!” she shrieked, spinning around to examine her back, ”Celine! That she-devil! She knew I would use my wings…"

Phaelyn fell silent as she heard a scream above her. She looked up and suddenly turned pale as her friend and work colleague Chloe fell towards her, burying Phaelyn beneath her. Both women rolled across the grass and stars spun around their heads. Phae shook herself to get rid of them and jumped to her feet while Chloe rubbed her head.

“You're one of the evil ones!” shouted Phae, pointing her finger at Chloe. Chloe herself was still a little overwhelmed at having just been thrown into a virtual world, so she didn't understand what Phaelyn meant until she saw the game's message.

“Well, it says here that I'm on the good team,” Chloe said.

"That's impossible! I'm already one of the good ones!"

“We can both be on the good team, you baka angel,” Chloe said, brushing aside the game's message. She patted the virtual dust off her red and blue ace trainer catsuit and looked around. Phaelyn, however, continued to watch her suspiciously and slowly grew redder and redder in the face the longer she looked at Chloe's body in the tight outfit.

Chloe can only be evil! She's so devilish, she must be evil! The angel thought and clenched her hands into fists. She didn't realize that Chloe had just spoken to her.

“Nice dress, by the way,” Chloe repeated and Phae blinked several times, looking down at herself and turning even redder in the face.

“Tha… thank you,” she mumbled sheepishly, “You… you look pretty… too.”

Chloe smiled broadly and took her backpack off her shoulders to take a look inside. Phae approached her cautiously and looked inside with her, not realizing she had a backpack herself.

"Mmmmh, Pokéballs, ropes, sleeping bag… how long are we supposed to stay here, please? More camping stuff."

Chloe looked up at Phaelyn.

“Does your backpack have the same thing in it?”

“Backpack?” Phaelyn mumbled and spun around again, making Chloe giggle. The angel finally took it off and opened it next to Chloe. She had the same items in it.

“Hoooo,” Phae said, taking out one of the Pokéballs and holding it in front of her nose. She struggled with the thought of catching it herself so she could fully savor the wonderful feeling inside it.

“Phae, no!”

“But…"

“Put that away, we're on the same team!”

Pouting, Phae put the ball on a belt and tied it around herself, just like Chloe was doing. At least her blonde companion believed that Phae wanted to catch her and not herself. That would have been too embarrassing.

“Do you know where we should go?” Phae asked, looking around. From their position, they could see a factory, a forest, a big city and a mountain range. What stood out a little, however, was a stadium at the edge of their line of sight. Above it hovered a huge screen on which their names and costumes were written and other people were listed, but only with their costumes.

“Wow… so many participants…" Phae murmured nervously and Chloe followed her gaze.

"I didn't expect that at first… and I assume the stadium is our last stop. We should catch the bad guys first and then we can fight each other there at the end. Deal?"

Phae nodded in agreement.

"Sooo, where to… I think we should go to the factory. There's bound to be a lot of equipment there!"

"OH, good idea! You're so clever, Chloe! Wait… equipment?"

#### **Summer**

Summer had landed in the mountains with Chloe's little sister and her girlfriend. They were lying on a rocky outcrop watching the play area with binoculars.

"Tzz, my Chloe and Phae are moving away from us. Too bad, I would have really liked to catch them," muttered Vanessa. Kim and Chloe frowned, took their binoculars away and looked seriously at Vanessa.

“Because you'd like to have my sister as a Pokémon or because you're evil?” asked Kim and Vanessa suddenly turned pale.

“Because I want to have her as a Pokémon?” said Vanessa, unconvinced.

“GET HER!" shouted Summer, and Kim didn't need to be told twice. Both women threw themselves at Vanessa, but she rolled away at the last moment and scrambled to her feet. She was wearing a short shirt with a flame in the middle and a pair of jeans that got wider towards the end and hid her shoes. Vanessa's hair was tied back in a wild ponytail. Meanwhile, Kim had on a heavy gold latex kimono and she regretted choosing this outfit as it was incredibly restrictive to her movements. She tried to pull herself together while Summer and Vanessa were already facing each other, grinning and circling each other armed with ropes.

“Come on, Kim, we have to overpower her and protect Chloe from her!” said Summer.

"Shall we swap costumes? I'd like to see you in that dress!" Kim countered sassily, but ended up standing next to Summer with a rope in her hand.

“Two against one isn't very friendly,” said Vanessa and took a step back. Summer and Kim took a step straight towards her.

“It's not our fault you blew your cover!” said Summer and rushed towards them. At the same moment, Kim also jumped forward, but tripped over her long dress and dragged Summer with her. Both women banged their heads against each other and a dull sound echoed off the mountain walls. Vanessa stood above them with her mouth open, unable to believe her luck. She tightened the rope in her hand twice quickly, making a whipping sound.

“That went very badly for you,” she said, bending down to Summer and Kim. Fortunately, Vanessa had practiced a lot to delight Chloe. She hadn't thought she'd be able to use those skills now. Vanessa grinned broadly as she pinned Kim's arms behind her back and tied her tightly with the rope. She pulled the ropes over the kimono and framed Kim's breasts with it.

“Little Kim needs to be wrapped securely,” she murmured in a singsong voice, pulling the ropes tight with all her might to make sure they didn't slip on the latex dress. Vanessa crossed Kim's legs and caught them with a loop. She pulled the rope to her arms, tied it together and pulled it tight again to force Kim into a hogtie.

“Should be enough, right?” Vanessa thought aloud, but she actually had more than enough rope left for the little monster. She took another one out of her bag and pulled a length through Kim's mouth and tied it around her head. Finally, she tied the gag to her leg cuffs so that her head was pulled back. Grinning, Vanessa looked at her handiwork and slid over to Summer. A little hesitantly, she pressed Summer's arms behind her back and tied her rope around them. She was about to tie her up in the same way as Kim, but Vanessa hesitated.

"I don't have to tie her up the same way, do I? A few ropes should be enough and I don't want to upset her mmmh," Vanessa mumbled guiltily and only tied Summer's ankles together. She hoped it wasn't too much of a good thing. After all, she didn't know Summer as well as Kim, who could become a real beast. The strict Hogtie would teach her a lesson! Vanessa nodded proudly at her balancing act of tying up her opponents and yet not putting unnecessary obstacles in the way of their friendships. She sat down in front of the women's faces and waited for them to wake up. Sure enough, it wasn't long before Summer and Kim's eyes fluttered open, and while Kim began to rage and bite into the gag, Summer just frowned at her restraints.

"Are you serious, Vanessa? Why are you tying me up like we're in an old crime novel and wrapping Kim up like she's got rabies?"

“Well… she's foaming at the mouth,” said Vanessa, anxiously eyeing the rope gag in Kim's mouth. Her teeth were working their way through the rope, and at the same time the saliva wasn't making it easy to follow her progress.

"Better not waste any more time. Come on, get in there!" Vanessa urged her captives, pressing one of her Pokéballs onto each of Kim's and Summer's foreheads. Summer immediately saw nothing but red as her body disintegrated and was pulled into the Pokéball. Not a second later, she found herself in a circular room decorated with shiny black walls. She was lying in the middle of it, bound hand and foot as she had come in.

“And now?” Summer asked, but her question was answered when she saw the walls closing in on her. And now Summer knew she had a time limit to escape. The walls, no doubt made of latex, would crush her, forcing her into Vanessa's grip. Of course Summer couldn't let that happen. She started to undo the knot of her handcuffs and realized that Vanessa had done a really lousy job with them. Within seconds she had untied the rope and thrown it aside. She did the same with her leg cuffs and stood up. The latex walls of the Pokéball hadn't come anywhere near her, and now she felt herself being ripped out of it. She escaped from the Pokéball with a loud bang, and was astonished to see Vanessa knocked over by the resulting shockwave. There was no sign of Kim, apart from the Pokéball that was still wobbling around on the ground.

"WHAT?! Why did you come right back out?! You weren't even in there for a second!" cried Vanessa in shock, and Summer frowned, feeling as though she had been trapped in there for at least a few minutes. However, she only stood still for a moment until she saw that Kim couldn't escape her ball. Her ball wobbled three more times until it came to rest quietly on the floor. Summer gulped and took a step back, turning and running down the mountain pass. She didn't want to find out what Vanessa was now capable of with Kim by her side.

"HEY, come back here! Don't you want to be one of my Pokémon?" Vanessa called after her, giggling as she picked up the Pokéball. Her eyebrows drew together and she licked her lips when she saw what had happened to Kim.

"Ooooh this is going to be fun. GO KIM!" Vanessa shouted and threw the Pokéball in the direction Summer had disappeared.

#### **Trisha**

“Why do I have to end up here of all places?” Trisha cursed and leaned against a concrete wall. She glanced through a doorway and saw a dark, dusty factory hall. Metal hoppers, machines and conveyor belts blocked her path. Trisha narrowed her eyes and cursed when she couldn't quite see if anyone was hiding in the shadows. Her dear sister Celine had put her in a machine and thrown her into a virtual world. However, neither her cat ears nor her tail were brought into the game, which meant that she was a little clumsy on her feet and couldn't hear as well as usual. She could also hardly see anything in the dark, which she found even worse. And now she was trapped in this creepy place, with her sister Celine and Ifry hot on her heels. Both had landed in the factory with her and had jumped straight at her.

“Why do you have to have one of your dominatrix contests now, of all times?” whispered Trisha, creeping into the hall on shaky legs. She hadn't thought her body was so reliant on her tail for balance, much less that Celine didn't factor its absence into her game. In hindsight, maybe she should have picked a different outfit than the flashy yellow shirt with black and white stripes on her stomach and high heels so thin Trisha thought they might break off at any moment. At least she was wearing black latex leggings, even if the shirt made her stand out in the middle of the hall like a street lamp on a country lane.

“Trishaaaaaa?” Ifry said gleefully, sending a shiver down the shifter's neck, “Come out and play!”

Trisha spared herself a reply and ducked under one of the conveyor belts. She had to find an exit as quickly as possible and escape from here. She doubted she could manage to overpower them both. Trisha straightened up and was about to move on when something caught her eye. In the middle of a coiled steel cable lay a ball that shimmered slightly in the dark. She reached for it and saw that it was a Pokéball like the ones she knew from the series, but in purple and decorated with an M.

“This could be a special ball,” Trisha murmured, holding it in her hand. It would at least give her a few seconds to get away. Trisha heard a rustle from the doorway and ducked back under the treadmill as Ifry appeared in the doorway. She was wearing an asymmetrical latex suit in black and white. It hugged her body perfectly and she wore flat knee-high boots that were guaranteed not to cause her any problems. While most of her body was covered in white latex, her arms and upper body shimmered in black. The sleeves looked like they were forged from dark metal, and on Ifry's chest shimmered a yellow G. While her right leg was also covered in white latex, her left was almost free, showing off her perfect leg. In her hand she held a Pokéball and handcuffs.

"Come out Trisha, I've found some handcuffs I'd love to try! And the longer I have to look for you, the harder I'll have to punish you when I find you! And if Celine finds you before I do… ooooh, just thinking about it," Ifry shouted into the hall, giggling to herself. Trisha didn't feel like laughing at all, though, and she gripped the ball tighter, hoping her heartbeat wouldn't give her away.

At least she or Celine don't have their cheating magic. Trisha thought and breathed a sigh of relief as Ifry turned her back to the hall and looked elsewhere for her. The cat girl straightened up and continued walking slowly, glancing over her shoulder again and again. She didn't notice that a rope with a huge loop was hanging in front of her in the darkness and that she was walking blindly into it. Within a fraction of a second, the loop tightened around her, pinning her arms to her side. In the next moment, she was pulled towards the ceiling and she dropped the Pokéball in shock, which landed on the ground and rolled into the shadows. She was now hanging a step above the ground, struggling with the tightening rope that had wrapped around her torso.

"NO! Come on!" cried Trisha in a panic, trying to cut the rope with her claws, but the game had taken them from her too, and so she could only dangle back and forth while her sister Celine stepped out of the shadows, grinning broadly. She was wearing a long black coat with elegant suit trousers and a shirt underneath. Her red hair was adorned with jewelry that looked like a pair of black drops.

"Oh come on Celine! We've only just started and you didn't tell me to wear anything comfortable!"

“And where's that supposed to be my problem sis?” asked Celine, putting her hand on Trisha to give her a good shove.

“Nyyyaaaaaaa,” Trisha grumbled as she rocked back and forth, spinning on her own axis. At that moment, Ifry, who had been attracted by the noise, came back.

“Trisha, Trisha, now Prepare for trouble!” she said, snapping the handcuffs around Trisha's wrists.

“Oh, give me a break…” Trisha mumbled.

“And make it double!” chuckled Celine and Trisha's eyes became cloudy.

“STOP!” shouted Trisha before the two women could continue, who immediately burst out laughing.

"Yeye. Come on Ifry, tie her up!" Celine ordered, throwing a bundle of ropes at the demoness.

“Pfff do it yourself!” replied Ifry, letting the ropes fly past her.

“Ifry…” Celine muttered menacingly, and Ifry rolled her eyes before picking up the ropes from the ground. She was about to stand up when she saw the purple Pokéball that Trisha had dropped. Her eyes immediately widened as she recognized it as the Master Ball, which should catch any of them without a problem, even without restraints.

“Oh, we probably won't need this for you,” Ifry joked, waving the ball in front of Trisha's nose. Trisha just rolled her eyes, but she felt an icy chill on the back of her neck.

“Give it to me, Ifry,” Celine said calmly, but she let them both know it wasn't a request.

"Um, I don't think so. I found him fair and square! You're already getting Trisha, so it's only fair that I get the next trainer!"

Celine's eyes narrowed to slits and she held out her hand. Trisha could now almost see lightning shooting from both women's eyes and clashing against each other. The battle of the dominatrixes would soon have a winner. But before it could get that far, Ifry exhaled theatrically and raised her arms to her sides, as if to show that she didn't want to fight.

"Whatever. You can have him," Ifry murmured, and Celine's grin widened.

“How nice of you to come to your senses, Ifry,” Celine said, raising her hand again, only to suddenly go wide-eyed as the master ball flew straight for her head. It bounced against her forehead and threw Celine backwards. Before she even hit the ground, she had disappeared into the master ball, and Ifry picked it up with a triumphant smile.

“Serves you right you old witch,” Ifry whispered, giving the Master Ball a kiss on the M.

"Hey… hey yeah, great job Ifry! Can you get me down here then and…"

“Trisha, dear, don't be ridiculous,” Ifry laughed and picked up the ropes again. Trisha gulped and tried again to wriggle out of the rope, but it was still wasted effort as she just swayed back and forth like a pendulum. Ifry took her time to join her and catch her legs with the ropes.

"Come on, Ifry. That would be really unfair if you have two Pokémon and the others only have one," Trisha muttered nervously as Ifry wove her legs into a net of ropes, making them look like a big ham.

“Well…usually you might have been right, but I'm just on the evil team and so was Celine and now she's my Pokémon and that means the bad guys are getting outnumbered and so I have to get ready…" Ifry started, but she laughed again as she pulled a Pokéball out of her pocket, “but basically I probably would have done it either way.”

She pressed the Pokéball against Trisha's butt and the shifter disappeared into her new prison in a flash of red. Trisha blinked to allow her eyes to adjust to the new conditions. Latex walls were all around her and she thought they were getting closer. She herself was hanging from the ceiling, just like before. The shifter exhaled in annoyance. Even if she could manage to wriggle out of the snare around her body and free herself from Ifry's professional restraint, she believed she still had no chance of unlocking the handcuffs. She grimaced in annoyance and simply watched as the walls came closer and closer.

"Handcuffs are like a master ball. Unless I found a lock pick or a key, but what were the odds? I should definitely talk to Celine about balance," Trisha muttered to herself as the latex walls now began to touch her and press against her. She felt her restraints and clothes dissolve, but the latex around her remained, squeezing her tighter and tighter. And then nothing. Trisha seemed to be floating in the middle of an endless sea of latex, tightly encased and unable to move even a millimeter. The shifter frowned, not knowing what was happening now.

Do I have to keep waiting for Ifry to get me out or what? She thought, and as if she had read Ifry's mind, Trisha felt the latex around her loosen and she was pulled out of the Pokéball. Trisha landed on all fours on the factory floor, but something had changed. For one thing, she felt that she no longer had any balance problems, and for another, she could see better in the dark. Her joy was limited, however, as the next moment she saw that her body was completely covered in light blue, almost white latex. Her eyes looked through a mask of the same color and she gave the shifter a pointed snout. She turned her head and saw from her back a massive latex tail that seemed to move hypnotically and of its own accord. The last thing she noticed was that her hands were in thick gloves that resembled paws. Trisha sat down on the ground and squinted up at Ifry who greeted her with a wide grin.

“Awww, aren't you a cute… um…” Ifry said, scratching her head when she couldn't think of what Pokémon costume Trisha was trapped in.

“The name you can't think of is Ninetales, in the ice variant,” Trisha mumbled, rolling her eyes, “Couldn't you have at least given me a cat Pokémon?”

“Aren't foxes… cat-like?”

“Closer to dogs,” Trisha commented curtly, searching for a zipper in her neck with her chubby paws. But either she didn't feel it or, more likely, it didn't exist in the first place and she was trapped in this suit for the rest of the event.

"Oooooh… really? Well, you still look great! And you must be really strong too! Come and have a look at yourself!" Ifry ordered and Trisha crawled towards her. She hugged Trisha tightly and stroked her latex skin.

“That feels really good,” she whispered and pressed on the thicker padded parts of Trisha's costume.

“Hey, why don't you jump into a Pokéball yourself,” Trisha said dryly and Ifry laughed.

“Naaa, I'd rather be a trainer,” Ifry said, looking out a dim window onto the factory grounds. A smile graced her lips and she pulled out the Master Ball, “but now that you mention it… let's see what your sister has to say.”

#### **Ava**

Ava was standing between the trees with two of her friends and Tea, who was looking at her darkly.

“What are you doing here?” Ava asked calmly, but Caitlyn and Phoebe could see that she was boiling inside.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought an invitation from Celine would be reason enough to come over," Tea said coldly, crossing her arms.

"That's not what I mean! Haven't you tortured Summer enough? Now you have to haunt her here too?"

"Are you serious? I'm only here for the event. I didn't know Summer was here. So what if she is? I don't care about her," laughed Tea, grinning spitefully.

“You little…” Ava shouted and raised her fist, but was quickly held back by Caitlyn and Phoebe.

“Wow Ava calm down!” shouted Phoebe.

"You want me to calm down? After everything Summer's been through because of her? I've heard all about her! What Tea did to her. What Sarah put her through! Then at school and then again at Sarah's hands! Phoebe, you saw it with your own eyes!“ Ava shouted angrily, resisting her friends' grips, but they held her even tighter, ”And did Tea ever get in touch with her?"

“No, of course not,” answered Tea, “Summer made it quite clear to me that she wants nothing to do with me anymore,” she said, rubbing her cheek as if to remind herself of the slap.

“Oh! You earned it and you know it!”

Tea shrugged and turned around.

“Whatever you say, Ava, but I'm pretty sure if you hook her up to a polygraph, you'll quickly find out that she liked those ‘bad experiences’,” Tea said snidely, raising her hand in farewell. Her short white dress hugged her hypnotically swaying hips. Caitlyn had to pull herself together not to lose herself in her long legs, which were tucked into black and white leggings and glassy, black and gold high heels.

“That little…!” Ava cried, struggling against her friends' arms until Caitlyn twisted her arm behind her back. Ava cursed as Caitlyn forced her to the ground.

“Ava, calm down,” Caitlyn shouted, "I feel the same way you do, but that's not going to get us anywhere. If you want revenge, then play by the rules and let her go to waste in a Pokéball!"

“But…”

“Come on Ava…” Phoebe said gently, looking at her worriedly. Ava gritted her teeth and nodded. Caitlyn let go of her and helped her up.

“I hope neither of you are evil,” Ava whispered, patting the grass off her black dress. The short skirt of the dress ended in pink latex. Caitlyn and Phoebe shook their heads.

“Well…” Ava said, taking a deep breath, "then what are we waiting for? Let's hunt her down!"

Caitlyn rolled her eyes.

“What if she's good too?”

“Don't be ridiculous,” Ava replied, narrowing her eyes to pierce the darkness of the forest, “If we're quick, we might be able to catch her.”

Caitlyn looked helpfully at Phoebe, who could only shrug her shoulders.

“If it makes them happy,” she said, and Caitlyn shook her head.

"Whatever makes her happy. Grab your ropes girls."

Ava smiled darkly and ran off in the approximate direction Tea had disappeared in, followed closely by Caitlyn and Phoebe. All three were armed with ropes, holding them so they could be quickly wrapped around Tea.

"Where the hell is she? She could never have gotten this far in those high heels!" muttered Ava, her voice bubbling.

"Ava, chill out. She'll be here somewhere," she admonished Caitlyn.

“How did that knot go again?” Phoebe asked and Ava groaned as Caitlyn showed her the knot again.

“Guys come on, we'll never find her like this!”

“Don't worry, Ava, I'm right here!” shouted Tea, who was standing in the shade of a tree and looking bored at them.

"Oho. Are you coming to surrender?" asked Ava, and slowly Caitlyn wondered if it was Ava and not her who had the hottest blood in the group.

“Not quite,” Tea said, standing ready to fight with a rope in her hand.

“And I used to think you were smart,” Ava said which only brought a smile to Tea's lips.

“Ouch.”

Ava's eye began to twitch and she walked purposefully towards Tea until Caitlyn and Phoebe held her back.

“It's a trap!” Phoebe and Caitlyn said as if from the same mouth.

"What could she have done in such a short time? Dig a pitfall trap? Or did she find reinforcements about to jump out of the trees? Oh, I know, she found a net cannon in the tree hole above her that she can use to capture all three of us at once! Oh, give me a break!" said Ava, breaking away from her friends and taking another step. As she put her foot on the ground, there was a loud crack and all three women suddenly lost their footing. A pit had opened up beneath them and they sank five steps below the forest floor.

“Ow,” Caitlyn muttered, groaning as Phoebe's knee pressed into her back, “Can you take your knee out of there Phoebe?”

“If you take your elbow out of my nose,” Phoebe said, annoyed.

“Teaaaaaaa!" Ava cried up, trying to free herself from the tangle of women.

“Yes, Ava?” asked Tea in a honeyed voice, walking to the edge of the pitfall and looking down at her captives.

“Let me out of here right now or…"

"Tzz, of course Ava. But not until you're in your ball. But I have to hand it to you: You got two out of three right."

“Two out of three?” Ava asked irritably.

“Yup, there was actually a net cannon in the tree hole!” Ava laughed and pulled a toy cannon out of her bag.

“Oh, you've got to be kidding me,” mumbled Ava and Tea fired. The net bounced against the women and wrapped itself around them. It tightened around their bodies and their skin and latex was squeezed through the mesh.

“Fuck, this is tight!” Phoebe cursed and groaned as the mesh cut into her skin.

"Oh, it could be that the net thrower is only for one person. But cool that you're so darn close, hahaha," laughed Tea, pulling three Pokéballs out of her pocket. She dropped them into the pit and all three women disappeared into it in a flash of red. Ava was angrier than she had ever been in her life. She saw red and her only goal was to defeat Tea and give Summer her peace. She raged against the mesh of the net that held her close, and even began to bite the mesh with her teeth as the walls around her came closer and closer. But she paid them no heed. Instead, she fought on and tore open the net. She poked her head out and the rest of her body followed. At the last second, she escaped the net and a flash of red appeared as she stood in the pit again the next moment. Alone. Tea stood over her with her wide grin and two Pokéballs in her hands.

"Oh you made it out. Caitlyn and Phoebe didn't, unfortunately, but why don't we try again?“ she asked, opening her Pokéballs, ”You should have stayed in the ball, Ava."

Two huge monsters appeared next to Tea and cast a shadow over Ava. She turned pale and raised her arms in front of her protectively as Tea shouted, "Go, Phoebe! Ice beam! Caitlyn! Thunderbolt!"

#### **Tea**

Tea smiled mischievously as the Pokéball finally stopped wriggling after the fourth attempt and flew into her hand. She called her other two Pokémon back before they could chew her ear off and exhaled in satisfaction.

“Honestly, Celine, if you're going to program and enchant a game, you should make it magic-proof too,” she whispered, waving her hand over the pit, which instantly filled up. Grass grew over the ground and melted into the rest of the forest floor as if it had never been there.

“Time to find Summer…” she muttered, looking up towards the stadium where she could see her name on a holographic screen and that Ava, Phoebe and Caitlyn were in her possession.

“A little reinforcement might not be a bad idea… I'm sure Summer will have some strong Pokémon by now.”

#### **Summer**

Summer breathed heavily as she hid behind the wall of a house. She had been on the run from Kim, for whom the whole thing seemed to be a game, for what felt like hours.

"Well, who can blame her? It is a game after all. But still," Summer muttered and glanced around the corner. Unfortunately, she could barely make out anything, as the night had taken all the light with it and only the moon was now slowly rising above the rooftops, doing its best to give her at least a little light.

“Seems clear,” she whispered to herself, wincing as she heard a crack behind her. Summer whirled around and came face to face with Kim, who was dressed in a dark blue latex suit. Only her chest down to her belly button was beige in color and a red slimy tongue fluttered around her neck and behind her like a scarf. Kim stood in front of Summer without a mask and with her blonde hair flowing, trapped in the latex costume of the ninja Pokémon Greninja.

At least it's not her own tongue. It flashed through Summer's mind and she shuddered at the thought.

"Hey Summer! Who are you looking for?" Kim asked with a grin.

“Y… you?” said Summer and took a step backwards.

"Oh! What a coincidence, I was just looking for you too! Vanessa wants me to take you to her. Can you help me with that?"

“Nope!” shouted Summer and stumbled away from her, accompanied by Kim's laughter.

"Summer, we both know that running away is pointless! I'm playing with you!"

“I'm well aware of that, Kim, but that doesn't mean I want to make it easy for you!” Summer called back, glancing over her shoulder, but there was no sign of Kim. Instead, Summer heard a whirring sound above her and looked up. At the last moment, she saw Kim throw a water shuriken at her from a rooftop, and she threw herself to the side on the ground. The projectile hit the ground and burst into a bubble of water that briefly held its shape and then burst. Summer gulped and scrambled to her feet as Kim threw another shuriken at her. It burst where she had been lying half a second ago and was thrown forward by the shockwave. She managed to stay on her feet, however, and turned a corner of a house, where two more shurikens struck. Kim clicked her tongue disapprovingly and jumped down from her house to chase after Summer. Summer herself had imagined the whole event a little differently and hid from Kim in one of the many buildings. She stood next to the front door and rubbed her eyes. Although she was in a simulation, she was getting tired, and she was already exhausted. However, she couldn't afford to get caught by Kim. She was going to win this event!

*So what's your plan, Summer?* she asked herself, kneeling down to search through her backpack for something useful.

“Sleeping bag, ropes, the zip ties, other materials and potions I just found, Pokéballs?” she mumbled, listening up when she thought she heard Kim, but it seemed to have just been her imagination.

"Not very much. Luke might be able to conjure something out of them, but I…"

“Did you find her?”

"Unfortunately, she slipped away. But it's only a matter of time," Summer heard Kim say from outside.

"Good… I hate to let her get away. We want to get you a nice new friend," said Vanessa and Kim giggled softly. Summer heard Kim jump onto the roof and from there hop onto the next building, then there was silence. Until the door handle of the house was pressed and the door opened. Summer held her breath as the door stopped right in her face and Vanessa entered the cottage.

"Kim is super busy. Of course I can't be lazy. Soooo Summer, where are you?"

“Here!” whispered Summer and Vanessa jumped to the ceiling in shock. Summer lunged at her with the cable ties and tied her wrists together.

"KIIIIIM! SHE'S MMMMMPHHHH!" she screamed until Summer covered her mouth. A second later, Kim the Greninja stood in the doorway and a shuriken flew in Summer's direction. Panicked, Summer pressed a Pokéball against Vanessa's back and she disappeared with Kim. Summer fell to the floor and the shuriken flew a hair's breadth above her head. The ball began to wobble in Summer's hand, and she knew that Vanessa wasn't tied up enough. She looked around in a panic to see if there was anywhere she could throw the ball, but there was nothing. Instead, she pulled the sleeping bag out of her pack, threw the Pokéball into it, and closed it with the zip ties. She then sprinted out of the house to gather her strength and maybe find a useful item. Vanessa was thrown out of the ball and saw nothing.

“What the…” she mumbled, feeling around blindly but only feeling fluffy fabric, "Did she… Did she put me in somewhere? What is that? And why is it so tight?"

She pushed against the sleeping bag, but it resisted her and rolled across the floor.

"Is that a sleeping bag? Then there must be a head opening here somewhere?" she mumbled and felt around in the sleeping bag until she realized that her head was stuck in the foot end. Vanessa rolled her eyes.

“Kimm give me a hand!” shouted Vanessa and out of the Pokéball appeared Kim. Immediately the rest of the sleeping bag was filled with the latex Pokégirl and they both groaned.

“Damn it Vanessa, what is that?”

“Summer locked us in a sleeping bag.”

“Good, I'm already a bit tired.”

"But that doesn't mean we have to sleep together in one! Do something!"

"Oh, I don't know. It's just so comfortable," Kim joked.

“Kiiiiim.”

“Ye ye,” Kim mumbled and slashed the sleeping bag with one attack. Both women burst out of the sleeping bag and took a deep breath.

“She's smart.”

“But not fast,” Kim said, dashing out the door and into the night.

#### **Red**

I searched the city late into the night as if it were a battle royale game. It probably was. I had gathered plenty of materials to build a few effective traps. I just had to wait and hope that someone would fall into my net. My eyes wandered over all the equipment I had found that barely fitted into my rucksack. Pokéballs in all sorts of variations and healing potions. Restraint utensils from simple ropes to latex restraints.

“I can probably tie up everyone else with this stuff,” I looked down at the street, “Oh, who do we have here?” I whispered, watching three women trying to get into my hiding place.

“Jackpot.”

#### **Riliana**

“You're part of the evil team!”

"Don't bullshit me! YOU are one of the bad guys!"

Rilliana's expression grew duller as her companion started arguing again. Cass and Kim's friend Vale had been at each other's throats from the start, blaming the other for the fact that they still hadn't found any equipment.

It was a bit funny that Vale wore the red outfit from the Team Magma board, while Cass wore the one from the rival team Aqua. *But why do they have to fight in the same way?* pondered Rilliana, agonized, and looked through a window, only to find that this building had also been looted. The whole city had also been emptied and she still only had her starting ropes and Pokéballs. Rilliana took it upon herself to point out the lack of items to Celine once they were out of here.

"Hey, can you guys please stop? Otherwise I'll stuff you both into a ball and go to sleep. Then you can get really close and talk it out," Rilliana said in a calm voice, but both women knew this wasn't an empty promise and fell silent. Rilliana nodded exhaustedly and walked towards a high-rise. She pushed against the door and it opened without resistance. Inside it was pitch black and at first glance there were no items lying around, but Rilliana couldn't take any more and dragged herself inside, closely followed by Cass and Vale who were looking in opposite directions. Rilliana pulled out a flashlight and illuminated the entrance area. Sure enough, everything was empty.

"All clear. Looks like we're on our own here. Cass, go upstairs and look around. Vale, you go downstairs. I'll set up camp and secure the door."

“Who made you our leader?” asked Vale and she got a tired look from Rilliana that simply said, Bitch, I'm 30 times older than you, do as I say and shut up.

"Please… just do it. I'm really not used to being tired, and I don't want to argue," Rilliana said simply, kneeling down and opening her backpack to pull out ropes and sleeping bags. Cass and Vale looked at each other in confusion, but nodded to each other and parted ways. Cass took the stairs up and Vale took the stairs down.

“Damn, they're exhausting,” Rilliana muttered, squinting her eyes. She hadn't thought Celine would not only steal her pointy ears and magic, but also her ability to go without sleep.

“How can humans go through this every day?” she asked, shaking her head and opening the construction menu with a flick of her hand. She used it to create a small trap at the door with the ropes she had with her and the little bit of material she had found. If anyone came in, they would suddenly be hanging by their feet from the ceiling.

“At least we don't have to eat,” she mumbled, lying down on her sleeping bag and closing her eyes, “Just a little… moment.”

#### **Vale**

"Where does that blonde bitch come from, giving me orders? If she knew who my master was, she'd be on her knees apologizing!“ Vale hissed, clenching her hands into fists, ”But all in good time. The main thing is that Kim was able to sneak me in and I can get a picture of C&T."

Vale looked down over the railing. The stairwell ran down all four walls, leaving a huge hole in its center. Her flashlight couldn't penetrate the darkness to the bottom. She could just see the steps below her, which were probably ten steps below her.

“Uuuuh, creepy,” she muttered boredly and raised her other hand. A golden glow arose in her, illuminating more, but still not reaching the ground. She could only see something shining on the ground. Vale rolled her eyes and extinguished the light with a wave of her hand. Without further ado, she jumped over the parapet and went into free fall. The air and the stairs rushed past her until she saw the ground and used her magic to slow down. She landed elegantly on the floor and shone her flashlight around until she found the shiny thing in the middle of the room. It had been almost covered in dirt and dust, and Vale thought she was lucky to have seen it at all.

"Mhm. A ring with an M?" Vale pondered, rummaging through her memory of Pokémon for it, ”A Mega Ring? Might be useful if I catch someone… maybe I should cheat on them slowly, even if we're on the same team."

Vale bent down for the ring and picked it up from the ground, but she suddenly felt resistance. She heard a soft yank and suddenly a noose sprang up from the dirt and dust, wrapping around her hand and tightening.

“Uh?” Vale asked in surprise, pulling against the rope. Again she heard something tear softly and not a second later her hand was yanked over her head. At the same moment, ropes shot out of the darkness from all four directions. Length after length, neatly parallel to each other, wrapped around Vale. The ropes crossed over each other, weaving Vale into them as she lost her footing and was pulled upwards with increasing speed. She began to scream as a pile of rubble approached above her, narrowly missing her halfway up. Vale tried to cast a spell to free herself, but she couldn't concentrate as she shot upwards at breakneck speed. The ropes continued to weave around her and her left arm became tangled between the meshes. A loud bang sounded below her and she was thrown high into the air as she reached the top of the stairwell, wrapped tightly by the ropes as if she were stuck in a Chinese finger trap. Her right hand, which held the ring, was useless, caught above her in a tight net, and ropes stretched diagonally up and down from her to pin her to the exact center of the room.

“What nerd thought up this fucking trap?” she asked angrily, about to cast a spell when she heard a click above her. She looked up and could just see a Pokéball swinging over to her on a string before she disappeared inside it.

#### **Cass**

Cass heard a loud rumble below her and the whole building shook briefly.

“What the… are there earthquakes here?” she asked, looking around nervously, but it seemed like something very heavy had just fallen, "Maybe Vale got buried by bookshelves or something. Serves the bitch right."

She shook her head and rubbed her eyes.

"Why am I being so aggressive towards her? I mean, this is the first time I've seen her here, right? Haaaa, I might be a little too stressed. Like Rilliana says, we're tired and we should get some sleep. But first, let's see if there's anyone else here," she mumbled and stopped when something in front of her in the middle of an office floor caught her attention. Something shone slightly in the light of her flashlight. Cass stood a few steps away from it and she eyed it suspiciously.

“So I guess we're not alone…” she muttered, pulling one of the ropes from her pocket. The item in the middle of the room was obviously a trap, and she just had to find out who had set it. Cass ducked down and crept cautiously towards the item. She saw that it was some kind of pearl in different colors. She didn't even think to pick it up, though, and she examined the ground around it. Cass could see fine threads attached to the pearl, running across the floor and disappearing in all directions.

"Too bad, too bad. Looks exciting," she muttered with a smile and straightened up. At that moment, she felt her head touch something thin and tear. She exhaled in annoyance and tried to jump away, but as if the trapper had known, her legs were caught in a snare and she was dragged across the floor. She struggled against it and tried to free her legs with her hands, but her arms were suddenly pulled over her head with more ropes. Cass lay sprawled on the floor and she moaned softly. She heard something dragging across the floor and ropes rushed past her left and right. Not a second later, a latex leg binder was pulled over her legs and a latex straitjacket over her arms. The ropes holding Cass used the bondage gear as leads and tightened with thin threads.

“WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!” she screamed, struggling against the grips of the straitjacket, which at that moment was forcing her to cross her arms and bind them behind her back.

"Come out, you coward! I'll flatten you!" shouted Cass but she fell silent as a Pokéball fell from the ceiling and trapped her inside in a flash of red.

#### **Rilliana**

Now it was quiet again after the night had been broken by shrill screams and swearing. Not to mention the sounds of the traps, of course, someone must have had a lot of fun in construction mode. Rilliana contorted her mouth a bit and rolled onto her back to get into a better position. She heard soft footsteps and she glanced up at the stairs.

"Hey Luke. Before you catch me, don't you want to sit down and talk first? Sleep maybe? I know I can use it," Rilliana mumbled as she saw the son of one of her best friends standing in front of her. He was wearing Trainer Red's classic costume. Not made of latex, though. In his hands, he held a Pokéball, which presumably contained Cass.

"I'm sorry. Should I know you?"

"Well… I guess you're forgiven for not remembering. It's been a really long time for humans and you were so young."

He tilted his head.

"You're that elf Mom and Caitlyn told me about? Rilliana?"

The elf nodded and sat up. She sat down on the sleeping bag and patted beside her.

“Sit down.”

"Why should I? I could just catch you and move on."

"Because I know you have a reason for being here. I'm asking you. You're taking part in an event organized by C&T. A fetish company for latex and sex toys and you're not even wearing a piece of latex! There must be more to it than that. And I want to know what's going on with you."

Luke looked to the side and then back at her before tucking Cass away and headed towards Rilliana. He sat down at the foot of the sleeping bag, a little distance from the elf.

“So… why are you here?”

"I want… want to find out more about magic. I saw this email from Cait and saw it as a chance to get to know this Celine. She greeted me very kindly too, but she was very busy and just locked me in one of those booths."

"Yes, that's our Celine. But why are you interested in magic?"

"I want to know if it can be used to influence people. Whether it can change people or force them to make decisions."

"Those are… strangely specific questions. Why …?"

"Kim. She broke up with me a few months ago and… I know it sounds like a lame excuse, but I think she's being controlled by someone else. After… after that incident at the theater… she became cold and… cruel. I just… want to know if it was really me or if someone is controlling her."

Rilliana looked at him in surprise.

"Well… I doubt a little that it's magic. After all, I did my best to at least make it disappear from Leon City."

Luke frowned at her and pointed around him at the magical virtual world.

"Hey, come on, I wasn't even thirty then. Besides, this is Celine's work, and try to stop her once she gets going."

"So… Can something like this work or not? Is there a chance?"

"I… don't think modern magic can do that, Luke, unless Celine wants to play a nasty trick on you. Which she's not doing, mind you. There are some strange things going on in this town, but nothing would be powerful enough to put a permanent spell on Kim like that. I'm sorry."

Luke exhaled heavily.

“Have you ever talked to her?” asked Rilliana, and he shook his head.

"She's been avoiding me. I was hoping that if I met her here, then…"

"I understand. Hey, I'll tell you what. I'll make sure you get to talk to her."

“For?”

"Just like that. Catch me and I'll do what's in my power as your Pokémon to get you to her."

“Just like that?”

"Luke, now take this damn Pokéball and catch me. I'm tired and I'm not in the mood for today," Rilliana said impatiently and Luke nodded. He took one of his Pokéballs and pressed it against the elf. She disappeared into it in a flash of red and didn't resist the crushing latex walls.

#### **Phaelyn**

“Chloeeeeeee, I'm tiredeeee,” Phae whined in Chloe's ear, and the blonde pointed ahead.

"Look Phae, just a little more and we'll be at the factory. Then we can rest and sleep. I don't really want to spend the night in an open field.

"Awww, well good. But who would be stupid enough to attack us?"

“You're forgetting that we haven't managed to catch a Pokémon yet, and the others probably already have some.”

Phae bobbed her head back and forth until she finally nodded.

“Better if we hide and look for Pokémon tomorrow!”

“That's right,” Chloe said with a smile, patting Phaelyn's head.

“Heheee.”

“Say, doesn't it feel pretty cold all of a sudden?” asked Chloe, rubbing her arms as her breath became visible.

“Mmmh, already?” mumbled Phae, pointing ahead, “Look, there's someone there!”

Chloe looked ahead and she could make out a figure in the moonlight, sitting in the gates to the factory. She had glowing white skin and something almost hypnotic was moving behind her.

“Is that… a Pokémon?” asked Chloe.

“It's Trisha!” the angel said, beaming, and ran towards the shifter.

“Wait, Phae!” Chloe called after her, but the angel was already over the hill, so she had no choice but to run after her. From one blow to the next, it got even colder and when Chloe put her foot on the ground, a shiny layer of ice appeared on it. She barely managed to keep her balance as Phae slipped and slid across the ice towards Trisha, laughing.

“Trishaaaa, you're so silly!” she shouted, coming to a halt in front of the latex-clad catgirl.

“How do you know it's me?” Trisha asked, confused, as her face was hidden behind a Ninetales mask.

“A true friend knows that!” said Phae proudly, trying to stand up on the slippery ice, “That was pretty cheeky of you to set us up like that.”

“Well… my mistress wants to catch you, sooo…"

"HEEEEEEE! That's even cheekier!" said Phae and slipped away from Trisha into Chloe's arms. Both women stood on the ice with trembling legs, helplessly at the shifter's mercy.

“Phae, we have to get out of here!” said Chloe, trying to run away, but her legs wouldn't budge as they froze to the ice.

"Trisha, stop that! Bad Ninetales!" said Phae, throwing a Pokéball at the shifter, but it just bounced off her.

“Ow?” said Trisha, rubbing her head with a latex paw.

“Oh, she's so cute,” Phae whispered and Chloe flicked a finger against her forehead, “Ow!”

“Phae, focus, we need to get out of here.”

"A little too late, I'm afraid! Celine, earthquake!"

“Eh?” said Phae and Chloe as if from the same mouth. Phaelyn because she identified the voice as Ifry's, which had just appeared behind Trisha, and Chloe because a shadow briefly darkened the moon and then another latex Pokémon hit the ground in front of them. The earth shook, causing both women to topple over and fall onto the icy surface. They immediately froze on it.

"OH! Chloe, this is Celine dressed as Garchomp!"

The witch tossed her red hair back and grinned down at the two blondes.

“That's right, and Ifry has some Pokéballs with your names on them.”

Phae's eyes began to shine. Finally, she could find out what it felt like to be in a Pokéball, but Chloe had other plans.

"Phae! Catch me!"

“Eh?”

“Catch me, it's our only chance to get out of here!”

“But…”

“Quick!” Chloe cheered her on, and Phae began to search frantically for a Pokéball.

"Trisha, that's too slow for me. Use Ice Beam," Ifry ordered with a grin.

"HEEEEEE! I dare you, Trisha! I'll never scratch you behind the ears again if you do that!"

Trisha looked to her mistress, Ifry.

“She's bluffing,” Ifry said.

“That's right, but too late!” shouted Phaelyn, pushing a Pokéball against Chloe who disappeared right into it. Trisha exhaled calmly and turned back to Phae. A light blue ball formed in front of her snout and a beam shot out of it, hitting Phae and instantly turning her into a popsicle. The Pokéball landed on the ice in front of her and wobbled there.

"Good work, Trisha and Celine! Now catch Phae and we'll be ready for the arena!" said Ifry, throwing a Pokéball in Phae's direction. But at that moment, Chloe the Gardevoir burst out of her Pokéball, wearing a bright white dress and turquoise hair and gloves, with a red spike poking out from between her breasts. Chloe fended off the Pokéball and watched Trisha launch another ice beam as Celine's claws began to glow.

“Oh. Time to go,” Chloe called out quickly, throwing herself at Phae. A moment later, they were both swallowed up by the ground, while Celine hit the void and received a full broadside of Trisha's ice beam to her back.

Phae, however, didn't notice until Chloe had thawed her out.

“What happened?” she asked, looking up shakily at the latex figure above her.

“I teleported us away before we were hit,” Chloe explained simply and sat down next to the angel by the fire, "We landed in the mountains. In some cave. I think we should be safe here."

“Hooo,” Phae muttered.

“Are you all right?”

“Yeah… it's just a bit cold and I have to remember not to cuddle Trisha anymore… for a week.”

“Sounds fair,” Chloe laughed softly, using her new powers to fish the sleeping bag out of Phae's backpack and lay it next to Phae.

“I'll um be in the Pokéball if you need me,” Chloe said but Phae now had a big grin on her face again.

“Come on, let's sleep together in the sleeping bag!”

“Might be a bit cramped, don't you think?”

“All the better!”

“Who am I to deny you anything,” Chloe muttered and waited for Phae to lie down in the sleeping bag. She lay down next to it and used her powers to pull the zipper over them both.

"This is tighter than I thought it would be. Oh, damn," Chloe mumbled as she was pressed against Phae, who didn't seem to mind though and instead pressed her head into Chloe's latex shoulder.

“You're not drooling all over my suit now, are you?”

“Just a little,” the angel mumbled into her shoulder, exploring Chloe's latex skin with her fingers. Not an easy task as it was so tight.

“Phae, that's my butt.”

“Sorry, hehehe.”

“You just wanted to get into the sleeping bag with me so you could grope me, didn't you?”

"No! I'm cold! That's just a bonus!"

“Baka angel!”

“Hehehe,” laughed the angel and closed her eyes. Chloe followed suit and hugged her tenderly.

"Good night Phae. We'll look for more Pokémon for you in the morning."

"Sounds good to me! Good night, Chloe."

“And please stop tickling me.”

“Oh! I thought you couldn't feel it through…your awesome latex costume!”

Phae slept through the night until she felt something wet touch her forehead.

"Hee? Ifry why is it raining in our bedroom?" she asked sleepily.

"Phae, wake up and be quiet! There's someone out there!" whispered Chloe.

"Chloe? Why is my forehead wet?"

"I had to lick you awake because you were sleeping so deeply. If that hadn't worked, I would have headbutted you."

“Noooo, no headbutt,” Phae mumbled, on the verge of falling asleep again.

“Phae!”

“I'm awake, I'm awake!” Phae said, grumbling and looking around. It was still quite dark outside, but if she listened carefully, she could hear someone struggling along the steep slope. Phaelyn felt the zipper of the sleeping bag open. Chloe straightened up to put herself between Phae and the threat as the sounds grew closer.

“Protect me, Chloe!”

“Always do,” Chloe replied, raising her hands towards the mouth of the cave. Phae stared out from behind her shoulder, watching suspiciously to see who was coming. A tuft of pink hair appeared and Phae cried out in surprise, “SUMMER!”

Phae pushed past Chloe and ran happily towards her friend. She jerked up startled and a Pokéball flew out of her hand right at Phae.

“EH?” Phae asked as the ball hit her forehead and she disappeared in a flash of red. The last thing she saw was Summer's exhausted and terrified face and her hands cupped over her mouth. Phae blinked and stood in a circular room adorned with latex walls.

"Hooo, where did I end up now? In the Pokéball? Did I finally make it? Hehe," said Phae, licking her lips. She stretched out her arms and welcomed the ever-approaching walls.

#### **Summer**

Summer stared in horror at the spot where Phae had just been standing, where a Pokéball now rested. Chloe had also disappeared into her Pokéball.

"Oh… shit. Phae come out! You weren't tied up at all! How can you just let the latex walls… oh… you can't be serious,“ Summer groaned, picking up the Pokéball with Phae inside, ”What else did I expect."

“What did you expect?” asked Kim behind her, and Summer whirled around. Just then, Summer was hit by a water shuriken. It exploded on her chest and threw her backwards, but she didn't hit the ground. Instead, the water had wrapped around her body and formed a bubble. Only her head and hands protruded from the bubble, and she stared up at Kim in annoyance.

“Did I finally get you!”

"It took you long enough. Too late, unfortunately, and there's no sign of your trainer anywhere!“ said Summer, dropping the Pokéball in her hand, ”Go Phae!"

Phae appeared on the ground in front of them. Except for her head, her whole body was covered in a green, snake-shaped latex costume.

A Serperior! Plant beats water! I win!

"Ha! Now you're screwed, Kim! Go Phae! Magical Leaf!"

"Eh? Where am I?" Phae asked, confused and straining to get up. Instead, she rolled across the ground until the rock wall stopped her.

“Oh heavens,” Summer muttered as Kim started to laugh.

"Are you sure I'm screwed, Summer? Phae doesn't exactly look fit to fight."

“Hey! I can fight… I just don't want to hurt my friends…"

“Phae, please, I'm in a bit of a pickle here!” pleaded Summer, wiggling her trapped hands. The bubble held her tightly in its grip and fixed her in one place. At the same time, it pressed against her body as if it were latex, not allowing any movement.

“Was that you, Kim?”

“Yes, and I'd do the same to you if you had arms!”

"Whaaa? But I didn't do anything to you! That's evil! Summer, what was the name of that attack you just said?

“Eh… Magical Leaf?”

Phae nodded and seemed to be trying very hard. Her head turned red and she began to growl. Summer looked at her worriedly and Kim frowned too.

“Uh, are you okay, Phae?” Kim asked worriedly.

“YES! Just a moment!” Phae squeezed out.

“Okayyy, I'll keep going until you…” Kim said, until Phaelyn opened her mouth and a dazzling light shot out of it. It lit up the whole cave and hit Kim head on. She was swept away by the light and thrown outside. The cave entrance glowed as the beam of light disappeared, and Kim lay on the ground, her eyes crinkling, until she disappeared in a flash of red.

“Wha… what was that?” asked Phae, chalky white.

“I think that was your Solar Beam… and you sent Kim back into her Pokéball with an attack,” Summer explained as her bubble burst, releasing her again.

“Was that good?”

“That was perfect, Phaelyn,” Summer said, crawling over to her Pokémon to give her a few head pats.

“Hehe,” Phae laughed proudly as Summer's eyes closed and she slumped on top of her, “Eh? Summer, wake up, you can't sleep on me!”

But Summer didn't react and used Phae's latex body as a pillow while she was already fast asleep.

“Awww, meeeen,” Phae mumbled and looked around cautiously. She could see Chloe's ball lying on the ground and tried to reach it with her long tail without waking Summer. After the third try, she managed and got Chloe out of her Pokéball. She appeared in front of them with her hands on her hips.

“Phae, I told you to stay behind me!”

“Shh. Summer's sleeping,” Phae whispered, “Can you cover her?”

“I see where this is going,” Chloe laughed softly, picking up the sleeping bag from the floor and placing it over Summer and Phae.

“Then both of you sleep some more, I'll keep an eye on you until then.”

“Yaaayyy,” Phae mumbled and closed her eyes.

#### **Jade**

"No Pokémon… no trainers… no Kink! Well, this sexy outfit maybe, but, what the fuck!" cursed Jade as she made her way through a forest. She had been alone since she had started playing. She'd only heard screams once, but when she'd followed them, she hadn't found anyone. So she had no choice but to continue making her way through the forest until she finally broke through the trees and found a huge arena in front of her.

“Well, if I don't find anyone here, then I've been teleported to the wrong game,” she muttered, walking towards the tall steel gate that invited her to come in. She walked through a hallway into the arena and finally she saw someone standing at its end in a battle arena, just like in the Pokémon anime.

"Finally! I was wondering if I was the only one here! Hey Ifry, what's up?" asked Jade curiously and Ifry turned around in surprise.

“Oh hey Jade, are you ready to fight?”

"Fight? Naaa sorry not, haven't found any Pokémon yet, have you?"

"Oh… too bad. Trisha? Ice Beam!"

“Wait… please what?” Jade could only just manage to ask before a white flash hit her.

#### **Summer**

"HA! I finally found you!" shouted Vanessa and jumped around the corner into the cave where Summer and Phaelyn were sleeping and Chloe was dozing off. Chloe looked up and yawned loudly, while Summer rubbed her eyes and Phaelyn just slept on.

"Vanessa? Again? I thought what happened with Kim would have taught you a lesson," Summer yawned and closed her eyes again.

"Eh? What do you mean? Do you think that just because you have two Pokémon now, you'll win? Chloe is definitely on my side!"

"Naaa sorry honey. Summer won me fair and square."

"HA! Well, I'll remember that next time you're with me! So I guess it's going to come down to a real Pokémon battle then… Wait, what did you mean by Kim?" asked Vanessa, taking her Pokéball off her belt.

“Chloe, can you handle this?” asked Summer.

“With the greatest pleasure!”

"Wait a minute! Come on, Kim!" shouted Vanessa, and on the floor appeared Kim, her eyes crinkling, still knocked out by the Solar Beam.

“Ooooh, didn't you heal her?” Chloe asked worriedly, nudging her little sister. Kim was breathing, but otherwise out of it.

"Heal her? When did she get knocked out anyway? Wait, I found something to heal, so I could come back in and…"

“Chloe!” Summer shouted again, more forcefully, and Chloe moaned softly.

“Yes, I'm sorry, darling,” Chloe said and raised her hand, which immediately began to glow. Vanessa felt herself losing her footing, and she kicked at the air, trying to get out of Chloe's magical grip.

“Where do you keep the ropes, Summer?”

“In my backpack,” Summer said sleepily, and Chloe nodded.

"Hey, wait, you can't do that without a decent fight! Hey, no! Come mmmppf!"

Chloe used her powers as Gardevoir to pull the ropes through Vanessa's mouth and tie them behind her neck.

"Now don't move so much babe. This Psychic stuff is still so new to me, but damn, is it fun!"

“MMMMMMMHHHH!”

More ropes flew out of the backpack and wrapped around her ankles, tying themselves up high to her knees. More made a loop, catching Vanessa's arms and pulling them onto her back.

“Now tie her down,” Chloe murmured, tying the ropes to Vanessa's stomach, “There, Summer, I think that should do it?” Chloe asked and Summer opened one of her eyes.

"Is that right? But why don't you have some more fun with her? At the back of the cave? Maybe with a few more ropes? I think she deserves it."

Chloe started to grin nastily and looked at Vanessa.

"Hehehe, sure! Come on, baby!" Chloe said and walked deeper into the cave, with Vanessa hovering behind her, struggling futilely against the ropes.

#### **Ifry**

The demoness was sitting on a stand with her legs crossed, waiting for the next person to wander into the arena. She was in a good mood and studying her latest Pokéball.

"Ifry? You here?" asked Tea, and Ifry looked up with a smile.

"Hello Tea, I hope you have some Pokémon with you? Jade had forgotten hers."

"How annoying. I take it she's filling up your team now?" asked Tea, standing opposite Ifry on the battlefield.

“Indeed,” Ifry confirmed and leapt from the stands onto the pitch in a single bound. At that moment, the large holographic panel above them changed and they could both see which other competitors were in their possession.

"Oooooh. Brave of you to catch the owner," Tea commented, taking the first Pokéball from her belt.

"Not as brave as you. Caitlyn, Phoebe and Ava must have given you quite a fight," Ifry replied, taking one of hers and tossing it into the center. Tea just smiled mysteriously as Celine appeared from her Pokéball.

“Hello Tea, I hope you're enjoying the game so far?”

"Absolutely, Celine. And I'm going to enjoy it even more once I've beaten them all. Go Phoebe!"

A thick fog appeared where Phoebe's ball landed and the detective's eyes flashed through it. Her blue latex form strode forward and Ifry took a step back when she saw the elegant form of Suicune and her mask. However, while Trisha's costume allowed her to walk on two legs if she wanted to, Phoebe was dressed in a modified petsuit that made her appear taller than she actually was. Ifry guessed that her knees and elbows were on stilts.

"Ohooo? Someone got themselves a legendary Pokémon!" Ifry shouted appreciatively, but Tea didn't respond.

“Ice Beam!” she shouted, and immediately a blue flash appeared from Phoebe's head mask. Ifry, completely caught off guard by the attack, shouted, “Dodge!”

Celine managed to jump to the side at the last moment so that the beam missed her, but instead it shot towards Ifry, who was standing behind it. The demoness's eyes widened as she was hit head-on and thrown backwards. From one moment to the next, she was frozen into a statue and could do nothing but watch as Tea came at her. Through the ice, Ifry saw Phoebe order her to attack Celine, who was lying on the ground, so she couldn't interfere. The demoness gulped as she saw Tea grab a Pokéball and tried to get out of the ice, but it was just too thick.

“Hello, anyone there?” asked Tea, tapping against the ice with a grin, "Thanks for keeping my throne warm. I'll take it from here."

She pressed the Pokéball against the ice and Ifry disappeared into it.

Well played, Tea. Didn't think I'd get caught by an ice beam, too. Ifry thought grudgingly as she could do nothing but watch the latex walls get closer and closer to her icy prison.

#### **Summer**

After Summer had slept in, managed to wake Phaelyn and pull Chloe and Vanessa out of a particularly sticky part of the cave, she had unceremoniously captured the latter and was now on her way to the stadium. With her four Pokémon, she felt confident that she could defeat anything the others threw at her. Vanessa's Pokémon costume in particular had turned out to be a special surprise. For both of them.

“So here we are…” Summer muttered as she left the mountain path behind her and soon reached the stadium. In front of her, however, she saw another obstacle in the form of a trainer. The costume was that of Red from the Pokémon manga, but this participant didn't seem to be wearing latex and had his cap pulled low over his face.

"Phoebe, is that you? I was hoping you wouldn't see the button and put on something made of latex!" exclaimed Summer and her counterpart looked up.

“Luke?”

Luke just nodded and waited until Summer had come closer.

“That's close enough!” he said curtly and raised his hand, “I take it you caught some of the others?”

"Right. Do you want to fight?"

“That's right,” he replied, throwing a Pokéball into their midst. Rilliana appeared in a black latex catsuit adorned with golden jewelry. She looked more like an Egyptian princess than a Pokémon. However, there was a chaotic, dark aura around her and bandages waved around her body like vines. She also hovered a few handbreadths above the ground and her legs disappeared in dark smoke.

“What kind of Pokémon are you supposed to be?” asked Summer.

“Believe me, I was wondering the same thing,” Rilliana replied.

"She's supposed to be a Cofagrigus. I think Celine used the wrong data here," exclaimed Luke.

“Well, in that case… Kim, it's your turn!”

Kim immediately appeared in her Greninja suit and got into a fighting stance. After Summer caught Vanessa, she took possession of Summer and gave her a few potions to help her recover. However, when Kim caught sight of Luke, she looked up in surprise.

"Luke? What are you doing here?" she asked as if she couldn't believe her eyes, but her surprise quickly turned to reluctance.

“I'm here to…” Luke began, but Kim leapt forward and past Rilliana. She readied a shuriken in her hands. Luke's eyes widened and he barked: “Rilliana, grab it!”

Kim was about to throw the shuriken when she was grabbed from behind with bandages and thrown to the ground. Kim's attack dissipated immediately.

“What's going on?” asked Summer as she watched the bandages wrap themselves around Kim's body. Her hands, already in thick gloves, became mittens and crossed in front of her chest. More bandages were wrapped around her chest, immobilizing her arms. Kim tried to run away, but Rilliana had perfect control over the bandages and used them to wrap her legs. She caught her ankles first and wrapped her legs up layer by layer.

"Yeah sorry Summer I'm on a side mission. How about a trade? Kim for Vale and Cass?"

“Um…” said Summer, while Kim looked around for help and at her trainer. The bandages had now completely wrapped her legs and were working their way up her chest and arms again. Rilliana didn't stop there though and mummified her head as well.

“Well, I guess that's a trade I can't refuse?” said Summer irritably, and Kim couldn't help but look at her open-mouthed. She was about to let out a rant when Rilliana sealed her mouth and only Kim's eyes remained open.

“Very noble of you, Summer,” Luke said, placing two Pokéballs on the ground, “Good luck in the arena!”

Summer tossed him Kim's Pokéball, he waved his thanks and turned to leave. With Kim screaming into the gag, Luke walked towards a large city and soon disappeared behind the steel and concrete walls. Summer watched him go and heard Kim cursing in her gag at the same time. Curses about her, curses about Rilliana and especially Luke.

“I don't know if that was the best idea,” Summer muttered, “Wasn't that kidnapping?”

She shook her head. That would probably be a question for the Pokémon philosophers, and she picked up Cass and Vale's Pokéballs. She pinned them to her belt and looked up at the arena. On the display, she could now see Luke's name behind the Red costume, as well as his Pokémon Rilliana and Kim. Then there was Summer's name with her five Pokémon and someone who had taken the Lusamine costume. She didn't know who was behind it, but at least she could see that the person had seven Pokémon.

“Are we cheating a bit?” muttered Summer, “I need to talk to Celine about balancing.”

She took a deep breath and walked towards the arena.

“I'm going to win!”

#### **Red**

Luke led Rilliana back to his hiding place while Kim was dragged behind them. In her mummified body, Kim couldn't fight back, and yet she kicked out with her legs or reared her upper body, which only made Rilliana roll her eyes.

"Honestly, Kim, if I had known you were this stubborn, I would have asked Luke to put you in your Pokéball! You know how cramped it is in there!" Rilliana threatened and Kim just threw another insult at her.

"Here. Put her in the sleeping bag before she hurts herself and then fix her to the chair," Luke said somberly without looking at Rilliana or Kim. Rilliana just nodded and slid Kim into the sleeping bag offered and wrapped her bandages around her again from top to bottom before placing Kim on the chair and tying her to it. Luke turned to them and then looked confusedly at Rilliana.

“Where's the sleeping bag?”

"Under the second layer of bandages. I thought it was necessary," the elf said, which Luke only acknowledged with a shake of his head.

“I'll be over there if you need me,” Rilliana said, disappearing into the shadows of the building.

“So Kim,” Luke murmured softly, now that they were alone, and pulled the bandages over her mouth aside. He pulled them back just in time as Kim snapped at him with her teeth.

“Let go of me right now, or you're going to wake up in a world of pain as soon as I'm out of here!” hissed Kim. Luke took a step back and looked at her sympathetically.

“Kim I…”

"I don't care! I don't want to hear from you, even one mmhMMMMPFFF!" Kim started, but Rilliana used her bandages to gag Kim again.

“Thanks, Rilliana but that won't be necessary,” Luke said to the ghostly apparition in the shadows.

“You sure?” asked Rilliana, raising an eyebrow at Kim's newly erupted tantrum.

“I can do this,” Luke muttered, pulling the bandages aside again. This time without running the risk of losing his fingers.

"Kim… I know last year wasn't easy for you in a lot of ways, and I know you hate me. I just don't know why. What did I do wrong, Kim?" Luke asked, and Kim narrowed her eyes to slits.

"What did you do wrong? Let's start with the fact that you just bought me like a fucking slave and dragged me behind you. Maybe you should free me so you can find out what I really think of you!"

"You know exactly why I had to do this. You've been avoiding me for months and…“ Luke fell silent and shook his head, ”It's not you."

“What?” Kim asked.

"You've changed, Kim. Since that accident in the theater. Not even when we escaped that hell together. Even after that, you were still warm and funny. Gentle and smiling. Hell, even Judy didn't change you like that! But this accident, it changed you. Your eyes went cold and you pushed me away."

"Ever think that day opened my eyes? That you were just a plaything for me?“ Kim asked, laughing bitterly, ”I deserve better than you!"

Luke swallowed, but remained calm and suppressed his tears.

"You're lying. Something happened down there, didn't it? Something magical? And it changed you. It poisoned you!"

“Are you insane?” Kim hissed, her voice growing louder, "Now you're blaming magic for your failure? You're even more desperate than I thought! And I thought you were already at the bottom after that number with Rilliana!"

"Desperate? Me? Yes, you're absolutely right! Because we were happy, Kim! Our relationship was more, and you know that when you look beyond your anger and the veil that clouds your senses. You don't need this darkness! Get away from it!" Luke shouted firmly. Kim fell silent and her eyes fluttered briefly before her face turned red again.

"What if I've changed? What if I've finally realized that you're just a stupid boy who spends too much time on the computer? Maybe I like the way I am now, and I certainly don't need darkness to realize you're a loser!"

Luke looked at her for a moment before averting his gaze, shaking his head slightly and then kneeling down to her.

"Then say it. Look me in the eye and tell me you never loved me. Tell me that everything you said was a lie and that you are fully aware of yourself!"

Kim stared at his knees. Her shoulders shook almost imperceptibly, a barely audible gasp escaped her, then she raised her head and her eyes were as cold as ice again.

“I never loved you,” she said firmly, and it was like driving a stake into Luke's heart. Luke took a shaky breath and stood up.

"If that… in you… is stronger than you… then the truth must be found somewhere else. Because you're not my Kim."

Luke nodded to Rilliana and they both disappeared from the game, leaving Kim alone, seething with rage.

#### **Summer**

“Right then… let's go!” Summer muttered and walked through the large gate into the arena, "I wonder who's in the Lusamine costume? After Luke was here, it could probably be anyone. Maybe Cait? Well, she was probably wearing the Lucina costume because she…"

Summer fell silent when she saw who was standing in front of her in the arena, and the corners of her mouth twisted.

"Hello, Summer. Did you finally find your way here?" Tea asked with a wry smile.

“What are you doing here?”

"Oh, how many times I've been asked that. Can't I just finish you off and pick up the crown?" asked Tea, taking one of her Pokéballs from her belt. Summer followed suit and weighed the ball in her hand.

“Did you come here to ruin the event for me?”

“Well… when you put it that way… maybe a little,” Tea said, tossing her ball into the center. Trisha landed elegantly in the middle. Her latex Ninetales costume glowed an icy blue in the arena and Summer drew in a reverent breath.

"Ninetales's ice form? How cool is that! But I have to disappoint you. Because I'm having the time of my life and you can't take that away from me!" shouted Summer, throwing Cass into the middle. The glowing form of Gallade appeared and a Cass trapped inside, red with shame and anger.

"Where…where is that bastard of a trapper? And why the hell am I in a Pokémon costume that can only be male!“ she asked angrily, but Summer quickly barked, ”WATCH OUT!"

Cass turned towards her opponents just in time to avoid Trisha's ice beam. Summer ducked away too and he missed her by a hair's breadth.

“Tzz,” Tea said disappointedly.

“Did you do that on purpose?” Summer asked indignantly, pointing at Tea.

“I guess we never…"

“Cass, Close Combat!” Summer shouted between them, and her Pokémon's arms began to glow. She sprinted towards Trisha, who was trying to jump away, but it was too late. Cass reached her in a split second and knocked her over. The momentum sent them both rolling across the arena and Tea jumped aside to avoid being buried under both of them.

“Oops,” Summer said innocently, catching an angry look from Tea.

"Trisha! Ice Beam again!" shouted Tea but Trisha hesitated.

"She's too close! If I do that… AU! Cass not there!"

“Do it!” barked Tea angrily, and Trisha did as she was told. A flash of light and from one second to the next, an icy statue of a Gallade and a Vulnona stood next to Tea.

“Oh shit,” Summer muttered and picked up the next Pokéball, as Tea had already thrown hers.

“Oh shit,” Chloe exclaimed two seconds later as her petite form came face to face with Celine's, who was staring at her with a wide grin as if she was about to bite.

“Why the scared face?” she asked.

“I know what my boss is capable of!” Chloe threw at her and took a step back. Celine saw this as weakness and lunged at her. But instead of attacking, Celine pinned her to the ground and began tickling Chloe with her latex spikes.

"NOOO Celine! Stop that! HAHAHAHA that's totally unfair!" Chloe laughed and tried to fight her way out from under the sand shark costume, but she didn't stand a chance.

“Uh. What attack is that?” Summer asked, irritated but pleased that Chloe had so much to laugh about.

"Summer, cut the crap and help me! HAHAHAHA!" Chloe laughed as Celine continued mercilessly.

"What are you doing? Finish her off!" shouted Tea from the other side, and that made Celine sit up and take notice.

"Finish her off? We're not at war here, young lady!“ she said sternly, ”We're here to have fun and…" she didn't get any further when Tea called her back and locked her in the Pokéball.

“Like I'm listening to this now,” she muttered and pulled out three balls before Chloe could catch her breath.

“Go, Flash Cannon, Fire Blast, Hydro Pump!” shouted Tea, and amid lightning and a whirl of fire and an icy mist, Caitlyn, Ava and Phoebe appeared as the three legendary beasts Raikou, Entei and Suicune. All three were dressed in petsuits which were on stilts and made them appear taller. Summer didn't have time to admire them, however, as their attacks shot out of their mouths and hit Chloe, who was thrown back by the force. Summer just had time to call Chloe back into her Pokéball before she crashed into the wall. Summer looked up and stared into the eyes of her friends. Celine was right. Except for Tea, they were all friends. Why weren't they behaving like this? They were here to have fun.

"One more time! GO!" Tea ordered and Caitlyn, Phoebe and Ava looked at each other.

“Is she serious?”

“I'm not attacking Summer if she doesn't have a Pokémon out!”

“Screw you, Tea!”

“NOW!” ordered Tea, and a wince ran through her legendary Pokémon. They turned to Summer, who turned as white as a sheet. Lightning, water and fire appeared in their mouths again, and in the next moment their attacks shot towards Summer. She hastily took a Pokéball from her belt and threw it in front of her. As if in slow motion, the attacks came closer and closer, but all at once the arena went dark. All the light was drawn to a point, as were the attacks of Caitlyn, Phoebe and Ava. Everything was drawn to the Pokéball, from which a purple figure now rose. Golden wings framed a body trapped in a purple vacuum bed. Only her head was free and her legs were stuck in a golden fixation, while her arms were stuck in the violet wings. A dark aura surrounded her and yet she was the only thing glowing.

“What the…” stuttered Tea as Caitlyn, Ava and Phoebe bowed in awe before Lunala, the legendary moon Pokémon named Vanessa.

"Vanessa! Tea is the enemy! Use phantom power!" shouted Summer.

Vanessa, deep red in the face and somewhat overwhelmed by the whole situation, could only nod and disappear. It was now pitch black in the arena and none of them could see anything, but then it started to glow around Tea. Eyes wide, she whirled around and came face to face with Vanessa. She stumbled back, but too late. Vanessa grabbed her with her huge wings and disappeared again, this time with Tea. A second later, Vanessa reappeared and dropped Tea on the ground in front of Summer. She didn't move and Summer didn't wait and caught her with her last Pokéball. The ball wobbled but eventually held still. Summer looked up at Vanessa, who was still red, and nodded her thanks. The light returned and Summer looked up at the scoreboard. She was the last one standing there. Summer had won the game.
