---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Evil Eva
authors:
- Ivy
tags:
- F-f
- fpov
- bond
- kidnap
- gag
- rope
- slave
- susp
- whip
- nc
- XX
date: 2024-10-27 00:00:00
---

### Part 8

I could feel the blades of the clippers touching one of my little toes and I lay as still as I could. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the stocky girl poised and ready next to the doorway and heard the click of heels on the floor as Jeannie returned. Seconds later, Jeannie entered and screamed as she was forcibly grabbed, thrown to the ground and was held with a gun to her temple. Eva let me go and grabbed a ball gag and rope out of the tote bag. A couple of minutes later Jeannie lay helpless on the floor, her hands tied tightly behind her, the large black ball gag filling her mouth. Not a word was spoken between our two captors as together they tied Jeannie into an excruciatingly tight hogtie. Finally, a rope was fed through a hook on the ceiling and round Jeannie’s wrists and pulled tight, stretching her even further and ensuring that she could not roll on her side. She grimaced with pain.

Eva strolled to the side of the room and selected a cane. A bolt of fear shot through me adding to my state of near panic. She approached Jeannie and, without a word, began beating the soles of her feet hard and mercilessly. Jeannie screamed through the gag over and over again and I cried as I lay there helpless to do anything. After what seemed like ages, but in reality was probably only a couple of minutes, the blonde girl touched Eva’s shoulder and indicated that they should leave. With one shudderingly hard blow to Jeannie’s feet, Eva dropped the cane. The next thing I knew, they were inserting me into a large canvas bag, which must have also been in the tote, and carrying me out. I was laid down quite gently on something soft. I heard what sounded like van doors close and suddenly we were moving. I lay there, totally helpless dreading what Eva had in store for me this time.

As I lay inert in the bag, I began to realise that I wasn’t alone in the back of the vehicle. I sensed a presence, a malign presence, and when the top of the bag was opened, I was proved right. Eva smiled that nasty smile of hers as, with some difficulty, she slid the bag out from under me.

“I’ll take your gag off, but not a sound, Emma, ok?”

I nodded and she undid the buckle and gently pulled the ball out of my mouth, shaking the drool off it. I worked my jaws up and down with great relief as the ache slowly subsided and looked up at my captor. Without the mask, she looked similar to how I remembered her, but not quite the same. I guessed she’d had some minor surgery on her nose and her hair was shorter and a different shade of brown. But the nasty smile and the voice were just the same and still induced the same fearful reaction in me.

“You look so worried, darling,” said Eva, “and perhaps you have good reason to be. But relax, so long as you behave, you’re not going to get hurt; well not too much anyway. All I need from you is an attitude adjustment. I’m sure you have questions. You may speak in a normal voice.”

I shifted in my ropes which were as tight as ever and becoming more and more uncomfortable.

“Where are you taking me Eva, and why? What have I ever done to you? I don’t deserve this…”

A couple of tears rolled down my cheeks. Eva gently wiped them away and gazed at me.

“Well, you did keep me as a slave for a month and, as I recall, you did punish me severely on a couple of occasions, once to the point of unconsciousness. But I also know it was that bitch Jeannie who made you do it. I also know that it was you who persuaded the others to be so generous to me in the light of what I’d done. I’m grateful to you for that.”

“You’ve got a funny way of showing it,” I said. “What are you going to do? Try to sell me again to another sadist like Madam Gillespie?”

“No, nothing like that this time,” said Eva with a smile. “Although, it’s funny that you mention Madam Gillespie because it’s her place we’re going to. Like you and Jeannie ended up with Paula’s place, I’ve acquired Madam Gillespie’s. A lot has changed since I last saw you, darling. Then I was desperate for money. Now I’m a multi-millionaire with money to burn and enough cash to get anything I want. And I wanted you. And now I have you!”

Suddenly, she stuffed the ball gag back into my mouth, buckling it so tightly it made me gasp.

“Enough conversation for now. There will be plenty of time to tell you the full story later. In the meantime, think of Jeannie in that agonising hogtie with her feet black and blue and throbbing painfully. She’ll be in that position for at least a couple of hours, probably longer. Oh, and you should know, we disabled all your little safety alarms and cameras, so no one saw us arrive or leave, or anything in between. We both wore gloves so no fingerprints, and neither of us spoke so Jeannie could not confirm that I was there. So, don’t expect anyone to come and save you. You are mine now, permanently, and I expect and will get complete obedience and devotion from you. If you don’t comply, the punishment you doled out to me will seem like a mild slap on the wrist.”

With those chilling words, she climbed through into the front seat and closed the partition.

What seemed like a long time later, the van slowed to a halt. Eva and her associate opened the van doors and proceeded to release me from the hogtie, much to my relief. They then untied my legs and fitted ankle cuffs with a couple of feet of chain between them. I was then assisted out of the van. From what I could see, we were at the top of a long gravel driveway; in the distance I spotted gates we must have driven through and a large wall, which looked like it encircled the premises. The two of them hustled me along and we entered a large, impressive building, into a big hall, and finally into a large lounge where I was placed on the sofa. Finally, Eva removed the gag, and I gingerly moved my jaws and fingered the indents in my cheeks where the straps had cut in. Eva’s assistant left, and we looked at each other.

“Welcome to my home,” said Eva with a smile. “This is now your home - permanently. You are sitting in my lounge on my sofa, not something you will ever do again. In the future, if you are in here, you will either be on your knees with your head bowed, or you will be serving me or my guests. Either way, you will be severely restricted in chains, ropes or both and you will always be gagged. In case you hadn’t guessed, you are now my full-time slave and your sole purpose in life is to please me. You will be taken to your slave quarters later and your training will start tomorrow.”

“May your *slave* speak, Eva?” I asked, trying to pour as much scorn as possible into the word slave.

“You will address me as Mistress from now on, and speak, when allowed, in a tone befitting your status,” Eva replied in a stern tone. “You have already earned your first punishment. Now you may speak.”

“As usual, Eva,” I carried on, knowing that I would suffer for the disobedience, “You haven’t thought this through. Don’t you think I’ll be missed by Alice, Jeannie, my parents, and other friends? Don’t you think they’ll go to the police? And, above all, won’t you be an obvious suspect and Madam Gillespie’s old house be an obvious place to look? Maybe if you take me back now, your sentence for kidnapping might be reduced. What a shame you’ll end up in jail when you’ve just become rich and could have really enjoyed life.”

Eva looked at me with disdain and pressed a button on a console next to her chair. A moment later, the blonde girl appeared.

“Gina,” Eva addressed her. “This stupid girl doesn’t seem able to comprehend her situation. Please teach her a lesson and then leave her somewhere where I can pick her up later. Just text me when you’re done. Thanks.”

Gina nodded and gave a half smile as she walked over to me, grabbed one of my nipples and twisted it hard. I screamed out. She let go, grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me up off the sofa.

“Come with me, you silly bitch,” she snarled at me as she dragged me from the room. “I’m looking forward to this!”

She pulled me down a long corridor and down some stairs. Whereas upstairs, the décor and furniture had been classic and luxurious, we were now in an area with bare stone floors and walls. We went down another flight of stairs and she opened the door to a dark, windowless room. Pushing me hard in the back, she made me fall painfully onto the hard floor. I cried out as I landed on my shoulder and looked up just in time to see her close the door and heard the lock click shut. I was in total darkness and very scared. I lay there for a few minutes trying to calm myself, recover from the fall and catch my breath. As I did so, a complex series of thoughts ran through my mind. Would it be better if I just agreed to be Eva’s slave for a while and wait for the police or Alice and Jeannie to work it out? Just how evil could Eva be, and was I likely to even survive? Was there some other purpose she had kidnapped me for? Was she going to sell me to someone else? Could I…

My thoughts were interrupted as the door opened and the light was turned on. I nearly fainted as Gina strode into the room carrying a big whip. I could now see that I was in some sort of a dungeon with multiple chains, cuffs, ropes and attachment points. Gina approached with a nasty smile on her face.

“My favourite whip,” she explained, as if I needed to know that. “I don’t get to use it nearly as often as I’d like. Get up!”

I lay still.

“Get up,” she shouted and cracked the whip so close to my face that I could feel the wind. “Or I’ll whip you where you are until you get up. And then I’ll make sure your punishment is far worse than I originally planned.”

I looked at her face twisting into a sadistic grimace as she raised the whip again.

“Ok, ok I’m getting up,” I said, rationalizing that it was the best option. With a struggle I got to my feet, never easy with your hands bound behind your back, and stood wobbling in front of her.

“Good girl,” said Gina in a condescending manner. She grabbed my hair and pulled me over to some chains hanging from the ceiling. Looping them round my wrists, she began to turn a handle at the side of the room, raising my wrists higher and higher. I was forced to bend further and further forward and only when I was up on my tiptoes, feeling that my shoulder joints were about to dislocate, did Gina stop.

“Look at this beautiful body,” she commented, reaching down and caressing my breasts, buttocks and the backs of my legs. “Such a shame that I have to make so many marks on it. But actually, I think a slave’s body should always have some whip marks on it. It reminds everyone of her status in life. And that’s what Mistress Eva wanted me to do; make sure that you fully understand that you are now her slave, that is all you are and that is all you will ever be. And if you don’t perform your duties to the highest standard, what is to come will happen to you over and over again until you comply.”

I heard Gina’s little speech, but I was already in a lot of pain and I could hardly comprehend it. My shoulders hurt like hell, particularly the one I had fallen on earlier; my back was aching severely, and my toes were cramping up. On top of that I was nearly throwing up at the thought of what Gina was going to do to me with that whip. I couldn’t really see much, but I knew Gina was walking around me and that at any time the first blow was going to land. I screwed my eyes tightly shut in anticipation. Suddenly Gina’s phone rang and she walked out of the room to return a couple of minutes later.

“Well slave,” she addressed me. I looked upwards and saw her scornful expression. “It looks like Mistress Eva is going soft in her old age. She has instructed me not to mark you – for now anyway. I am to leave you winched up like this until she decides to come and see you. It could be hours, days even!” She gave a nasty little laugh. “Have fun, slave!”

I heard the door close as the lights went off and blackness returned. I hoped Eva wouldn’t be too long.

I struggled a little to try to find some relief from the pain but only succeeded in hurting myself more. As seemed often to be the case since my first encounter with Eva, I decided to stay as motionless as possible. However, even that was very difficult, balancing on my tiptoes. Hours or days Gina had said gleefully as she left. Surely that was just psychological torture. Despite everything, I was thankful to escape the whipping Gina had planned for me. I closed my eyes, tried to force my mind away from the pain, and waited.

A few minutes passed, the door swung open, the light went on and Eva appeared. She swiftly turned the handle at the wall and, mercifully, I could lower my hands. She released them from the chains, and I collapsed to the floor, tears of relief flooding down my cheeks. To my great surprise, Eva bent down and hugged me, and I sobbed unashamedly on her shoulder.

“What do you want from me, Eva?” I said as my sobbing subsided. “And what have I ever done to you, apart from being the partner of someone you worked for?”

“I want you,” Eva replied, simply. “I developed, shall we say, a desire for you, when I was kept as a slave in your home for a month. The events leading up to that were all about money and revenge. Now I have plenty of money to get anything I want. I don’t want revenge anymore; I simply want you.”

“You want me? In what capacity? As a plaything you can keep confined and whip and torture whenever you want.”

“No darling,” Eva cut in, “I don’t want to hurt you. I want a relationship with you like you and Alice had when you were in slave mode. The difference being that I want you in that mode full time.”

I noticed the past tense she used when she referred to Alice.

“I don’t expect you to develop feelings for me immediately, but I want to make it happen in time. And I will do whatever is necessary to get to that point. If that involves pain and suffering on your part, that’s too bad, it’s all part of being a slave. I know Alice and Jeannie both used to punish you when you were in slave mode. It will be the same here, although perhaps somewhat harsher.”

I started to speak but Eva held up her hand.

“I know you have questions and objections but let’s discuss things a little later. For now, come with me and I’ll show you where you will be staying.”

She looped a rope round my neck and led me down the corridor, up another flight of stairs, and into what seemed like a nicely appointed small apartment. It looked perfectly normal with a small lounge, kitchen area and a bedroom and bathroom. It wasn’t until I noticed the attachment points discreetly placed in various positions and cameras in the ceiling corners that I realized this was no more than a prison. I said nothing and stood there, still naked, bound and helpless, as Eva rummaged in a chest in the bedroom. She produced a long length of chain which she padlocked to one of my ankles and attached the other end to a point in the middle of the floor. She then proceeded to untie me and remove the hobble on my ankles.

“There you are,” she exclaimed. “I hope that’s better. I’ll get some food and drink brought to you later. In the meantime, relax, take a shower, watch tv, whatever you want. I’ll come and see you in a couple of hours.”

“So, I’m just your prisoner, am I?” I asked.

“For as long as it takes,” Eva replied. “But in time you will become my willing slave, and it will no longer be necessary to confine you. The sooner you accept that that is the inevitable direction of your life from this point onwards, the better for all of us – especially you.”

With that pronouncement, she swept out of the room, closing the door behind her. I noticed there was no door handle on the inside.

It was nice to move freely again, apart from the ankle chain of course, and I strolled round the apartment. It was pleasant and comfortable enough. The chain allowed me access to everything but the door, which I wouldn’t have been able to open anyway. I decided to take Eva’s advice and relax. I took a hot shower and afterwards lay on the bed and considered my situation. There were some positives, I told myself. Eva showed every indication of wanting to keep me here, which I felt made my chances of rescue better. And she was at least somewhat concerned about my wellbeing, given that she had instructed Gina not to whip me. On the other hand, I suspected that I would have very little chance of escape, and I knew how sadistic Eva could be when the mood took her. I was deep in thought when, to my surprise, there was a polite knock on the door.

“Come in,” I called out and the door opened. A girl came in carrying a tray of food and drink and set it down on the table. She looked to be in her early twenties, slim and beautiful with long dark hair and big brown eyes. Like me, she wore no clothes. Close-fitting metal cuffs on her wrists were connected by about two feet of chain. Her ankles were similarly restrained with a slightly longer chain. She wore a slim metal band around her neck. A ball gag on a metal strap hung round her neck.

“I am Slave Lara,” she announced. “I am junior to you, Slave Emma, and so I will be serving you as Mistress Eva instructs. I am now not permitted to tell you anything else.

“Lara…” I called out to her, but her back was already turned, and she left the room. “Thanks,” I added as the door closed.

I ate the meal and sat on the sofa watching tv for a while, considering what a bizarre situation I was in. A little later, another knock on the door and Lara shuffled in to take away the dishes. This time the gag was locked in place, so no conversation was possible. She came and went without even a glance at me.

Five minutes later, the door swung open, and Eva and Gina both entered. Eva was carrying a laptop and some coils of rope, but my eyes fixated on what Gina was carrying; it looked like an electric prod and immediately I was very scared. With an evil glint in her eye, she activated it and sparks jumped between the two ends.

“Time for lesson number one, slave,” Eva announced with a big grin and a nod to Gina.
