---
original_url: https://www.selfbound.net/storiessz/two_hours_early.html
subcategory: Selfbound Stories
title: Two Hours Early
authors:
- Dr Mike
tags:
- Sbf
- cuffs
- gag
- chain
- wax
- ice
- toys
- climax
- discovered
- emb
- cons
- X
date: 2006-06-20 00:00:00
---

Daria stops by Jane’s house a little early.

Daria paused in front of her best friend’s house. It was only five in the
afternoon and she wasn’t expected for Bad Movie Night until seven but
something was troubling her. Jane had been getting these dreamy looks off into
space during class for the last few weeks. Then she started having bruises on
her wrists that she would pass off as unimportant. Daria frowned as she thought
whether or not this was any of her business. She had only known Jane for a couple
of months since moving to Lawndale and they were still working on their
friendship. Jane seemed to be alright and willing to be friends with Daria but
she was still hesitant to act on that friendship. Daria had had a rough day but
Jane reminding her of their planned movie watching that evening had given her
something to look forward to and had melted her concerns away. She just hoped
that their friendship was strong enough to endure her arriving two hours early.

It was really the Fashion Club’s fault Daria thought as she adjusted the
strap on her school backpack. She had walked in to find all four members in
their living room, the floor and furniture covered with clothing and lipstick
and the such. She paused only to pick up a change of clothing and the twenty
bucks Quinn threw at her to get her out of the house. It was still early in the
afternoon but she found herself walking over to Jane’s house. The Lane’s
were gone so her and Jane should have the entire house to themselves for the
weekend. Now if there was someway to get out of school come Monday morning,
everything would be right in the world.

She sighed. Well, it was now or never she thought as she put one boot in
front of another until reaching the front door. She knocked while looking
through the window glass beside the door. There was a light on in the living
room so she assumed that someone must be home. After a second, she tapped on the
door again.

“Jane? It’s Daria. Are you home?” called Daria. She waited for a
response. She thought she had heard a muffled noise but with the wind beginning
to pick up, she wasn’t sure. She looked around at the approaching darkness and
the building clouds in the sky. As she pulled a key out of her pocket that she
had received from Jane a few weeks back, she hoped that Jane wouldn’t mind her
parking herself in the living room until she got home. Daria dreaded the idea of
trying to walk home in the rain and the dark in a part of town that she knew
little about.

A gust of wind grabbed the door from Daria’s hands as it blew in and banged
up against the hallway. Again, she thought she had heard a noise from the
upstairs but she passed it off as the wind. She shoved against the front door to
close and lock it. The wind was really beginning to pick up as she turned on a
few extra lights. The living room was indeed empty as she unzipped her coat,
dropped her backpack, and removed her boots. She hoped the Lanes wouldn’t mind
as she stepped into the kitchen to make herself something hot. She paused again
as she again thought she had heard something but there was nothing but the
continuing wind. It’s going to be like this all night she thought.

She had found the coffee and had filled the pot with cold water when she
heard a couple of small bangs against a wall from upstairs. She was sure she had
heard them this time and she put the pot back in the coffee maker and turned it
on. Jane’s family was strange but she knew she had better check this out just
to be on the safe side. Different old horror movie scenes kept running through
her head as she slowly climbed the stairs to the second floor and turned the
hallway light on. A low moan came from one of the rooms as she slowly walked to
the end of the hallway in her stocking feet and put her hand on the doorknob.
She slowly turned the knob and pushed open the door silently as another moan was
heard.

Jane lay naked spread eagle across her stripped bed, each wrist and ankle
tied to a different corner with small chains and secured with padlocks. A
covering of sweat coated her body. One strip of fabric lay tied across her eyes
while another effectively gagged her mouth, her lipstick having left red marks
on the gag. Rubber bands had been placed around her budding breasts making them
appear larger then normal. A pair of rubber encased clamps pinched her hard
nipples. As Daria takes in the scene, something small falls quickly in front of
her. She looks up and notices a small bar has been secured to the ceiling
between the two small hooks that she had noticed on an earlier visit but Jane
refused to confess any knowledge about. A wire mesh bag containing ice is at one
end of the bar while the other holds a small upside down lit candle.

As she
watches, a small drop of hot wax drops down to Jane’s right breast joining a
small pile of wax that is already hardening. This causes Jane to let out another
moan as a drop of ice cold water drops to hit her left breast. She lowers her
gaze to between Jane’s legs. She wears a small belt made out of additional
chain around her waist. A segment starts from the belt below her bellybutton and
runs between her legs tightly almost bisecting her. Daria pauses as she realizes
that all of Jane’s pubic hair is missing. She normally kept a small bit there
“for show” as she put it but now it was all gone. Daria noticed the scent of
Jane’s excitement as she noticed a large, flesh-colored rod sticking out of
her giving off a small buzzing noise. Additional clamps lined both sides of her
vagina with another one placed squarely on her clitoris.

As Jane breathed
heavily, the links passed back and forth between her legs slightly coming in
contact with the clamps at times. A small pool of liquid sat directly underneath
Jane’s private area. Obscene pictures and words covered her body painted on
with watercolors. Daria pulled back slightly as Jane’s breathing grew heavy
again and she started to thrash on the bed, her head going back and forth. Jane
arched her back and pulled at her restraints as she screamed loudly into the gag
as she climaxed. After a few moments, she sank wearily to the bed as the wax,
water and buzzing continued relentlessly. Daria noticed that as she relaxed, one
of the padlocks came into view showing a countdown of 28 minutes.

“Had she done this to herself?” thought Daria as she stood there and
watched a side of her best friend that she never knew existed. Sure, the idea of
sex excited her when she thought about it but putting yourself in some type of
restraint that you wouldn’t be able to escape out of and being subjected to
the constant stimulation of clamps and what appeared to be a vibrator for a
period of time was not something that crossed her mind everyday. Daria stood
there at a loss as Jane slowly built for another release. She wasn’t a prude
but this was not something she was ready for.

As Jane exploded again, Daria quietly backed out of the room, closing the
door behind her. She stood in the hallway listening to her best friend get
herself off. A funny feeling had started between her own legs but she did her
best to squash it. The smell of coffee drifting up from the kitchen brought her
back to today. She made her way back to the kitchen, poured herself a cup, sat
down and made her confused mind review what had just happened. Her first thought
was to run home, barricade the front door and lock herself in her room never to
come out again. She sighed as she realized that she couldn’t do that though.
If her sister and parents didn’t drive her crazy first, someone from the high
school would drop by to see what was up after the first week or so. In addition
there was her friendship with Jane. She didn’t want to do anything to end
that. Jane deserved better then being hurt by running out and not showing up
this evening. She smiled slightly as the memory of pulling something over on
Miss Li, their high school principle came to mind.

The smile quickly vanished though when she heard metal chains drop to the
floor and Jane give off one last moan. After a few moments, she heard the
upstairs shower start and the noise of Jane’s singing as she scrubbed. Daria
smirked as she remembered that Jane always sang in the shower. Pity thought she
didn’t sing well while in that shower though. She finished off her coffee and
started to place the mug in the sink. She stopped herself, gave herself a bit of
a shake, poured another cup of coffee and sat down in the kitchen chair. Jane
deserved better than her walking out. They would get through this.

Jane stood in front of the bathroom mirror as she toweled her hair dry. She
thought a couple of times of growing it as long as her new friend Daria’s did
but that would be a pain with all the showering that she did during the day. She
took one in the morning when she got out of bed, another after gym, um, excuse
me cheerleader class, another after track if they had run that day, another when
she got home to wash the stench of Lawndale Penitentiary off of her and then
sometimes right before she went to bed. If Lawndale ever had a water shortage,
she would hate having to deal with it. She checked the clock in the corner. It
was just a bit before six. Daria, Miss Right-on-the-Dot she smirked, wouldn’t
be here for another hour at least. As she wrapped the towel around her hair, she
paused to look at her naked body. The paint and the wax had washed away in the
shower. She knew how things would be if in the gym showers she had been seen
with wax all over her tits. That would not be a good thing. The clamps had left
some red marks at various places on her body but they would fade shortly. She
liked the feel of the teeth on her but she doubted if she could take anything
harder than the mild ones.

She looked around her bathroom and her bedroom to see
if she had forgotten anything lying out. Her friendship with Daria was beginning
to get strong but she knew that she was pretty straight laced. Having to stop
and explain why she had 40 feet of light chain in her bedroom or what her toy
collection was for was not something she wanted to do just yet. Given time,
Daria might be willing to accept what Jane did for fun and when she had an
artist block. Giving her the house key and using her unknowingly as a safety had
been a great idea she thought. At least I can try some of the harder stuff I
always wanted, she continued. Those timed padlocks had always worried her. She
wrapped an old bathrobe around her still naked body and climbed down the stairs.
Funny, she thought. I don’t remember making coffee.

Jane slammed to a halt as she rounded the corner to the kitchen and came up
short to face Daria sitting at the table. She looked as normal as always but
Jane was just getting to know her enough to know that something was up. I wonder
how long she’s been here, she thought as she continued to the counter and
poured herself a cup of coffee. She sipped and tried not to make a face. Daria
always brewed it too weak for her liking but 30-year naval veterans brewed
theirs weak as well to her.

“Um, Daria. How nice to see you. What are you doing here so early?” asked
Jane trying to remain comfortable. Well, if she knows anything, she’s covering
well.

“It’s Bad Movie Night, Jane. Remember? You reminded me this afternoon
before class got out.” Daria did her best to sit in her seat and not give
anything off to show how confused she was. “The Fashion Club was in full swing
so I came over a little early.”

“Oh, um how early?” asked Jane over the lip of her coffee mug.

“Early enough.”

“Oh.” Jane was heartfallen. This was not going well. She sat there
staring into her coffee while Daria sat there and stared at her. That sat for a
few minutes until Daria sighed and broke the ice.

“How long have you been doing, um, that, to yourself?”

“About a year. Usually it’s something small like handcuffing myself while
I paint or chaining my legs to the chair while I do homework. Sometimes, when
I’m stuck for ideas to paint, I’ll do something bigger.”

“Like?…” questioned Daria. If she was going to have to understand this,
she needed as much information as possible. Jane sat there and thought for a
moment.

“Once, when I really had painter’s block, I figured out a way to tie
myself completely to a chair. Um, it was a lot like today but I’ll spare you
the details.”

Daria looked at her straight in the eye. “Jane, I want the details.”

Jane paused and looked at Daria. “You know. It’s not like a sickness or
something.”

“I know it’s not a sickness but I want…” Daria paused as she choose
her next words with care. “I need to know the details.”

Jane looked back at her coffee. “I had just gotten a vibrator in the mail
that I wanted to try. It wasn’t as big as my others but it was a bit fatter. I
had attached it to my chair earlier in the day with super glue and left it to
dry. After a bit, I went in and knelt before it. I pretended that it was an art
critic that I had to please to get a good review. I placed a blindfold over my
eyes, tied my knees to the front of the chair and chained my hands behind my
back with one of those timed locks. The vibrator has a bit of flexibility in it
so I pulled it slightly forward with my mouth and I spent 30 minutes going up
and down on it.” (She snickered.) “I wasn’t able to get anything out of it
but that didn’t stop me from trying. I knew that that art critic was going to
ruin me with just one poor review and I had to do anything to get a good one,
even if it meant becoming a slave to him. After the lock popped, I undid myself,
stood up, turned around, and impaled myself down on that fake cock.”

“Dry?” questioned Daria.

“Daria, I had been passing it all day knowing it was there and spent 30
minutes sucking and drooling on the thing. Trust me. Both the vibrator and me
were wet enough. I went all the way down on it first try without even a pause.
My bottom hit that seat and I…”

Daria held up a hand and interrupted. “I get the idea, Jane.” She paused
and took a quick look at her cooling coffee. She knew that there was no way she
was going to be able to lift that mug without shaking it. “So what happened
next?”

“You have no idea how hard it was not to sit there and ride that thing. I
was craving it but I knew I had to restrain myself. I had placed all my toys on
a small table beside the chair earlier. I started out with chaining my ankles,
legs, and waist to the sides of the chair and locking them with the timers set
for an hour. I wanted to do something with my breasts but I hadn’t ordered my
clamps yet. All I could do was wrap them with rubber bands. I tied a bandanna
over my eyes. Before I continued, I reached over and set the controls for the
vibrator to go on and off randomly. I pulled down the bandanna over my eyes,
locked my hands behind the chair to my waist chain with another one of those
timed locks, and” (She smirked.) “sat back and enjoyed the ride.” Her
smirk fell when she turned to face Daria who did nothing but stare at her. Jane
chugged some more coffee.

“Jane?” Daria asked in a low voice.

Blowing off some steam. “Yeah, Daria?”

“Did you get off?”

Jane made a face trying to remember. “Three or four times that day.” She
thought a bit more. “Twice more that evening laying in bed thinking about
it.”

“So, you also play with yourself normally.” Daria made it sound like a
statement.

“Daria, I’m not some type of nympho. You know me, Daria. Am I any
different now than how I was last week? I’m not going out and racking up the
football team every night.” She paused and let the next line out slowly. “I
bet you’ve touched yourself as well in the past.”

Daria recoiled in shock but stayed in her seat. She remembered the few times
when, yes, she had stroked herself until the electricity raced through her body.
Her mother, Helen, had even tried to offer her a vibrator one day in an attempt
to break down Daria’s walls.

“I may have done that once or twice over the years,” Daria admitted in a
small voice as her gaze dropped down into her coffee. “But not on your scale,
Jane.”

Jane tried to make face contact with Daria. “Daria, have you ever done it
with a guy?”

Daria’s head came up real fast. “No, and before you ask, not with a girl
either.”

“Neither have I. So how are we suppose to relax and feel release when we
need to?” Jane asked with a small voice.

Daria sat there and thought about what Jane had said. She did feel a little
easier after their chat. Also knowing that Jane wasn’t some sex crazed nympho
like some at school thought she was made her feel a bit better as well. She took
a sip of her brew as she sat there and went over what they had discussed.

“Did it hurt?” Daria asked.

Jane made a face. “Did what hurt?”

“The wax and the clamps.”

“A bit at first. The wax cools a bit as it drops so it’s not too hot.
Also, the clamps are covered with rubber so there’s not too much pressure from
them either. Daria, I like a bit of pain but not too much.”

Daria paused a bit before asking the next question. “You’re not expecting
me to get involved with this or you, are you?”

Jane sat there wishing she felt comfortable to pull Daria’s chain but
passed. “Not unless you want to. I did give you that key just in case I got
stuck though.”

Daria pulled out her keyring and looked at the key for Lane mansion. “So,
I’m your back up?”

“Safety. I knew you would be here this evening at seven so I planned to be
finished and out of my setup before then” She sips some coffee. “Not my
fault you showed up an hour early.”

Daria sat there looking at her keys. “Jane, I don’t mind being your
safety but I want to know ahead of time before you try anything, OK?”

“Oui, oui, mon chaire.”

 More of Daria & Jane in ["In
the Trunk"](https://grometsplaza.net/packaged/storiesek/in_the_trunk.html)
