---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storieslr/living_our_fantasies.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Living Our Fantasies
authors:
- subphil3
tags:
- FMMM/m
- bond
- chastity
- cuckold
- D/s
- cons
---

We had been together a long time. After 15 years the zest had kind of gone
out of our love life. We still loved each other and all, we didn't want to
split up or anything. Still talked about spending the rest of our lives
together. But it was just getting dull in the sack.
Probably had something to do with both of us being caught up in our careers,
working long hours, coming home exhausted and keyed up. When we did both
make it home before midnight.

We talked about it. Tried to schedule time together for a date. Even went
shopping together for some sexy outfits and toys. And it's not like we
didn't have fun those few times when we did manage to connect. But most of
the time it just wasn't there.
We tried acting out some of our fantasies. Of course mine always centered
around being tied up and abused, but Alison just didn't get into it, even
when she was in the middle of bending me over her knee. Her recurring
fantasy was having several young guys, so excited they could hardly keep
from cumming just watching the first one pop his cherry with her. On those
fantasy nights she would close her eyes while I described the boys touching
her as I stroked her and then touching themselves as they had their first
experience with a real woman. My role was to teach them, to tell them how to
please a woman. And of course they were always like Chicago voters - cum
early and cum often.
Then we mixed our fantasies. I was tied to a chair and forced to watch her
with her group of boys, instructing them on what to do and how to do it to
make Alison hot. She put the clover-leaf nipple clamps on me to keep me hard
and made me lick her dildo telling me it was one of the boys' cocks that I
needed to get wet for her. I really got hot and horny but it just didn't
quite make it for Alison. She got hot but couldn't cum even with our
fantasy.
I guess I shouldn't have been surprised when Alison told me she felt
unfulfilled and suggested we make our fantasy a reality. Neither of us had
ever cheated or seriously considered having another partner for sex so I was
stunned. After I got over my shock I realized it might be the only way to
get our sex life back to the level it was for years so I agreed.
We decided to "shop" for the boys at a local bar, the Balcony Club. It was
one of the only places we knew of that seemed wide open - mostly gays but
with lots of straights, transvestites, fetish- types. Needless to say it was
mostly younger folks that went there. We talked a lot about whether we
should go together or let Alison do the "shopping" but in the end we went
together. We were both so nervous that we almost chickened out.
Alison wore a sexy leather top that laced up the front and a tight, short
leather skirt. Her ass always gets me excited. From the moment we walked in
heads turned to look at her. We ordered a drink and watched the crowd
wondering how we would get started. I mean do you just walk up to a table of
guys and ask them if they want to fuck your wife? Should you buy them a
drink first? Or make some small talk?
It turned out we really didn't have to worry about it. I guess we weren't
the first ones to go "shopping" at the Balcony and I guess it was pretty
obvious what we were there for. Soon enough a good looking young stud
wandered over, said "Hi" and asked us if we were looking for a threesome. I
was tongue-tied but Alison just looked at him and said, "Actually we are
looking for a little something more - do you have any friends?"
He grinned and said, "You bet. You want boys or girls?"

Alison grinned and
replied, "Boys, young ones. Preferably good looking like you."

He laughed
and walked back into the crowd. In just a minute he came back with two more
young studs. They all looked like they worked out and obviously liked
showing off their bodies in tight t-shirts. And only a few tattoos and body
piercings. Each.
So before we could even finish our first drink we were back out of the club
and headed home. I drove our Cherokee while Alison sat in the back with two
of the boys, getting to know them. Or rather kissing them and rubbing their
cocks and getting them hot. The boy that sat up front with me reached over,
stroked my thigh and asked, "What about you?"
Alison came up for air long enough to tell him, "No, he doesn't get to play.
I make him watch all of you. Maybe if he is lucky he can get sloppy
fourths." They laughed and went back to their play. But the boy in the front
didn't take his hand off my leg. He moved it up to my crotch and smiled.
These kids were ready. And randy.
Fortunately we lived close and were soon in the garage and piled out of the
car. A trail of clothing was left going inside and up to the bedroom. By the
top of the stairs the boys were naked and Alison had only her top on. She
stopped them and told them they had to get me ready. Three young studs with
raging hardons ripped my pants and shorts off while Alison put my "viewing"
chair at the foot of the bed.
The chair is a high-backed rattan chair with the cane cut out and the legs
cut off short. My arms were pulled around the back and strapped in, then my
legs were spread and pulled back to fasten to the back legs of the chair.
Alison snapped the nipple clamps on me and I was helpless as she pulled the
boys onto our bed.
These boys were young but they definitely didn't need any instructions from
me. Two of them sucked her tits while the other one worked his way down her
belly to dive between her thighs. She moaned in pleasure just as his tongue
touched her clit. It was probably the first time she had cum in months and
she hadn't even started fucking. He didn't waste much time and plunged his
big dick into her cunt. She screamed in ecstasy again as he began moving his
cock. She had these boys nearly as hot as she was and he quickly came in her
with a loud moan. He was quickly replaced by one of the tit-boys and Alison
came right away again. The smell of sex was almost overpowering.

I was harder than I could ever remember and pre-cum was
flowing out of my cock as I watched the boys fuck Alison. The first boy
walked up to me, grabbed my head and told me to clean off his cock. My mouth
was right at cock-level so I had no choice as he pushed his cock into my
mouth. I licked and sucked both his and Alison's juices off his cock. He
quickly started getting hard again in my mouth. There is nothing like youth
for recovery time. On the bed Alison and boy number two were both moaning
and screaming and boy number one started ramming his cock in my throat in
earnest. I had licked Alison's dildo before but had never had a cock in my
mouth before. I tried not to gag and I tried not to bite his growing dick.
He pulled out to go suck on Alison's tits as boy three took his turn putting
his dick in her cunt. She groaned and grabbed One's cock to keep him on her
tits. I was in heaven watching but my view was blocked by boy two who slid
his cock into my mouth. He was slimier than boy one but he got hard again
almost immediately. I think he was a little smaller than boy one or else I
was getting better at sucking cock.
Alison and boy three came in just a minute and two popped out of my mouth.
One and two sucked on her tits as three came over for his cleanup. Alison
watched me lick his cock and make him hard again. She pushed the boys away
and came over to me. She wrapped her leg around my neck and shoved my face
into her cunt. "Lick me clean. Suck up all the cum from these real studs."

I
couldn't see and could barely get in a breath as I licked her cunt. She must
have reached down for the chain on my clamps as I suddenly felt a sharp tug
and pain in my tits. "Harder you bastard," she said as she rode my face. I
licked her clit and plunged my tongue into her as hard and deep as I could.
I nearly passed out for lack of oxygen as she ground her cunt into my face
and screamed as she came again.

Alison collapsed back on the bed but there were still three hard cocks
looking for attention. Four if you count mine. Boy one eased on top of
Alison and slowly eased his cock into her cunt. He went slowly this time,
gradually building up her energy again till they were bucking and fucking
all over the bed. Two and Three were watching and stroking each other
getting hotter and hotter. Almost at a signal they came over to my chair.
Two learned his lesson from Alison and wrapped his leg around my neck as he
pushed his dick into my mouth. And he grabbed my nipple chain to accentuate
his strokes deep into my throat.
Three must have been bored watching One and Two and I felt a hand grab my
cock. It wasn't what you might call gentle. He pulled and twisted my shaft
and I would have yelled in pain if I didn't have another cock down my
throat. Soon he switched to my balls and squeezed and pulled them till I
thought they would burst. Two quickened his pumping in my mouth and a gush
of jism flowed into my throat. I had never even tasted my own cum before and
now I was drinking the cum from this young stud.
One and Alison had both cum again and were watching the action on me. Three
dropped my balls and went onto the bed to kiss Alison's body. He was ready
for his next orgasm. She rolled three over and mounted his rigid cock. If
you couldn't tell, Alison likes to be in control so she set a slow and easy
pace. Try as he might three couldn't get pumping faster until she was good
and ready for it.
One sat on the floor next to me watching the pair on the bed and idly began
stroking my cock. I was going nuts with desire and moaned as One brought me
to the verge of cumming. "Oh no you don't old man, this is your night for
watching not for getting any," One said and bent my hard dick in two. It
felt like he broke it. He looked around and picked up a sneaker, pulling the
lace out of it. He wrapped the lace around the base of my cock and tied it
tight, then bent my cock in two again to tie the head of it to the base. Now
my hard on just made my dick ache. Then he pulled my tit chain down and tied
it with the loose ends of the lace keeping my tits stretched and me bent
forward.
While One was busy tying my cock and tits, Alison had Three bucking all over
the bed. She rode him like a bronco pulling and squeezing his tits for her
reins. They both came again in a loud chorus of screams. Alison is a
screamer when she cums and she was breaking all noise records that night.
Finally they all lay on the bed exhausted, lightly stroking each other while
they rested.
"You boys are mighty good, just what I needed," Alison said lying there with
a cock in each hand. "Yeah," said One "but you still didn't get what you
wanted. You were looking for young weren't you. Maybe even a virgin, some
young dick that could get hard ten times in a night."
"Oh yes, that would really turn me on," she said, her eyes getting glassy
and getting a little more serious with their cocks just thinking about it.
"I'll tell you what," One said, "I'll see if I can't help you out. I'll find
a boy or two to take care of you if I can bring some toys over to play with
your old man there while you're playing with the boys. If you couldn't tell,
we like it both ways and I'd like to see if I couldn't make him scream every
time you scream."
"Is it too late to find them tonight?" Alison asked dreamily as her fondling
got even more serious and got both Two and Three squirming. One laughed as
he got up from the bed and walked toward me. "Maybe tomorrow," he said and
lifted my chin to look into my eyes. I winced as my tits were stretched even
further. "Oh yeah, we're going to have some real fun with you tomorrow," One
said as he slid his cock into my mouth yet again.
The boys and Alison slept in a heap on our king size bed while I was left
strapped to my chair. I know I dozed off several times to awaken when I
tried to unbend in my sleep. At some point one of the boys went to the
bathroom and yanked my head - and tits - up to lick off the dribble on his
dick. He started getting hard again and fucking my mouth but decided he was
too tired and pulled out to get back to bed. He must have taken pity on my
poor blue dick since he untied it and took off my clamps. I thanked him for
his mercy and he grunted as he climbed over another boy to snuggle with
Alison. I know I fell asleep then dreaming of sliding my cock into my wife.
Sometime around dawn I woke to see one of the boys humping my wife. Alison
is not a morning person but she likes an early morning fuck. She gets into
that half awake, half asleep state that can let reality float as you get
closer and closer to cumming. Each of the other boys eased into the same
state and eased into Alison when there was an opening. They all drifted back
into a satisfied sleep that lasted till noon.
I awoke to Alison kissing me and loosening my straps. "That was wonderful
Honey, I can't believe I came so many times and that's just the start of my
fantasy! I can't wait to get the real virgins." I groaned as my stiff limbs
unfolded and started to complain a little about not getting to cum myself.
Alison stood up and looked harshly at me. "Cut it out! You got exactly what
you wanted and I'm going to get exactly what I want. Now get your ass
downstairs and make some breakfast for this whole crew. I'll bet they're
hungry after all that work last night and I need them to get out and do
their shopping for my little cherry boys."
I ached as I limped into the kitchen to make what seemed like breakfast for
forty. The boys ate all right. And relived their adventure and planned what
they might do for the encore. I slipped into shorts and drove them back to
the Balcony parking lot to recover their cars. There were quite a few cars
in the lot so I guess there must have been lots of other action that night.
One reached over and grabbed my crotch before he got out of the car. "You're
going to be all mine tonight and I'll bet I teach you things even an old
fart like you never dreamed of." They laughed as they headed for their cars.

27.10.06

story continues in [**Living Our Fantasies Pt2**](living_our_fantasies2.html)

o0o
