---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Professor Kink's Escape Room Challenge Series Two
authors:
- thepinkbishop
tags:
- F/f
- bond
- gag
- collar
- leash
- rope
- blindfold
- armbinder
- whip
- training
- latex
- catsuit
- oral
- cuffs
- chastity
- toys
- exhib
- cons
- XX
date: 2025-12-13 00:00:00
---

‘Keith.’ The voice was chummy but with a hint of authority.

Professor Keith Kink looked up from the report he was reading. ‘Mr de Vile?’

‘Reginald, please.’ The man held up a tablet. ‘You’ve seen the figures?’

‘Not unexpected.’ Kink forced a smile, not surprised about the outcome of the poll ‘Our subscribers voting for the girls’ freedom carries hints of turkeys voting for Christmas,’ he said with as much jocularity as he could muster.

‘I was referring to the other figures,’ de Vile said seriously. ‘The share price has fallen again.’

Kink suppressed a sigh. ‘It’s temporary. The girls are incredibly popular.’

‘And that’s why the company floated, Keith.’ Reginald de Vile’s tone was serious. ‘But since your recklessness in negotiating the girls’ contract our share prices have tumbled and this ridiculous idea about letting the audience decide the outcome has sent them crashing again for fear we might lose our four biggest assets.’

‘It was never going to happen. Of course they voted for the girls to remain in the game. Ninety eight point three percent of the nigh-on two million who voted.’ Keith stood. ‘Look, Reginald, I know what I’m doing. I developed this concept, developed the VR interface, wrote the coding…’

‘And they’re all very laudable, Keith. I’m not lying when I say we couldn’t have done it without you…but you’re a scientist.’

‘Meaning?’

‘Meaning that’s where your talents lie.’

‘It’s my company.’

‘Not as of twenty minutes ago. As of that time, the board has a new CEO - one who can rescue the share price.’

‘You can’t do that!’ Anger flared in Kink’s face.

‘If you read the contracts, I think you’ll find we can.’ Reginald de Vile raised an eyebrow at the irony of the situation after the incident six months ago when four university students found themselves trapped in an escape room challenge thanks to the small print of their own contracts.

‘This is my project,’ Kink protested.

‘And will remain so. Just not with you as CEO.’

‘And what is this new CEO,’ Kink emphasised the letters with as much vitriol as he could put into three syllables, ‘going to do to “rescue” the share price.’

‘Our new CEO has set a new direction and, as acting Chair of the Board, I have agreed it.’

‘What new direction? The concept is hugely popular…the viewing figures, the new merchandising…’

‘Will all contribute. We, the board, that is, feel the show must have more...intensity.’

Kink frowned, digesting the meaning of ed Vile’s words. ’Cruelty…you mean, cruelty.’ Kink frowned. ‘I don’t see the need to change our format. We’re consistently in the top hits and those girls, they’re stars in their own right…’

‘But we need more, Keith. The shareholders want more.’

‘No.’

‘Worried about that hot darkie you’re screwing? Think she’ll withdraw favours if you rough her up too much?’

Keith Kink glared at him over the desk, his jaw opening and closing but no words emerging.

‘I wonder what the public would think if they knew you’d been taking advantage of one of your ‘employees’ to enjoy sexual relations.’

‘She’s over the age of consent.’

‘The courts don’t see it that way these days, Keith.’ De Ville smiled cruelly. ‘A young vulnerable girl, barely eighteen and a powerful media mogul; not to mention the fact that she’s been drugged to the eyeballs for the last five months.’

‘You wouldn’t!’

‘I would!’

‘You said I’d have full creative control.’

‘The board has spoken, Keith. Those girls must suffer.’ He leaned over resting his hands on Kink’s desk, their faces barely inches apart. ‘I want those pretty faces creased with agony. I want tears. I want them screaming for mercy.’

‘But the schedule, the Christmas special…’

‘I want the Prison episode.’

Kink took a sharp breath, eyes wide, his face turning pale. ‘But we shelved that one. We…you agreed it was too much and there’s no really chance of escape. It was designed as a punishment if they didn’t cooperate.’

‘The prison episode, Keith.’ He aimed for a conciliatory tone. ‘The shareholders have spoken.’

---

### Episode 3: The Prison Episode

---

‘Do you think they’ll be much longer?’ Tiffany toyed with her whip. She was still dressed in her riding gear and clearly still excited from her performance with Joel.

‘I’m sure he’s…they’re working as fast as they can,' Priya said. Kink had released her from her bitchsuit and she now wore a loose orange silk robe that was virtually transparent.

‘About that...' Tiffany turned to stare at the Indian girl. ‘Do you have some sort of connection with Kink?’

‘No.’ Priya knew she’d made the denial too quickly. ‘I mean, no more than you.’

‘Yet you turn up as his pet after disappearing aboard the Steamer ‘Freedom’ - after leaving the rest of us in the stable for the night.’

‘I could hardly refuse.’ Priya looked away. ‘He can be very charming, you know. I think my aunt Jayee quite likes him.’

‘You called him ‘Master’ at the end of the Kinky Kingdom escape,’ Isabel pointed out.

‘And you went for that ‘chat’ with him in the theatre.’ Tiffany hefted her whip menacingly.

‘I wasn't the only one to abandon the team that afternoon,' Priya said, glancing meaningfully at Isabel and Charlotte.

‘Charlotte was upset,’ Isabel insisted.

‘Mmff,' Charlotte said into her gag.

‘Shouldn’t you untie her?’ Tiffany said looking at the helpless blonde in the single sleeve and boots.

The first thing the blond had done on entering the room leashed by her nipples was to drop to her knees and allow Isabel to gag and blindfold her.

‘The keys are back in the examination room,’ Isabel snapped back.

‘That’s a bit convenient, isn't it?’ Priya said, her voice silky with mischief. ‘Anyone might think you’re enjoying being held captive here.’

‘We all are. We agreed to stay, remember,' Isabel said. 'Besides, it has its advantages.’ Isabel stood behind Charlotte and leaned over, sliding hand down the blonde’s helpless body and making the kneeling girl shudder with pleasure.

‘Well, I wouldn’t mind being kept like that for a while,' Priya said. ‘And, as there’s nobody else to do it, perhaps Keith practises on me.

‘Keith?’

‘Practices?

‘Mmff?’

‘Yes, like I say, he’s quite charming…’

---

The door to the room burst open and half a dozen men in blue uniforms entered.

‘Strip them and restrain them.’ An older man came in behind the squad.

‘What about the blonde, Sir?’

‘I don’t think she’s in any position to escape, do you, Sergeant?

‘No, Sir, I mean “yes, Sir”, Mr de Vile, sorry, Mr de Vile, Sir.’

‘Hey!’ Tiffany took a step back shouting angrily as one of the men grabbed her by the arm. She pulled herself free and lashed out at him with her whip. A second man grabbed at her; a third drew a stick with a forked end from his belt reached out and touched it to Tiffany’s right breast. There was a hissing spitting sound and Tiffany jerked back, crying out.

‘Bastard!’

The man who’d originally grabbed her made a second attempt and the man with the stick touched it to her skin again.

This time Tiffany screamed.

‘Hey, you can’t…’ Isabel realised she’d been standing still, gaping at what had just happened but it was too late. The Sergeant and another man grabbed her and the third held one of the forked sticks towards her.

‘Want to feel what the prod does too?’

Isabel froze even as Priya hit the man with the prod one the back of the head making him stagger forward. Isabel began to struggle again and Priya made a grab for the weapon but the man in charge, the one they called de Vile drew something that looked like a pistol, aimed it at Priya’s back and fired.

Priya pitched forwards, her body rigid.

It took Isabel a moment to realise the weapon wasn’t a pistol but a taser.

‘Anyone else care to try?’ De Vile said, turning the weapon between them. ‘I have two charges left.’ He pointed at Charlotte. ‘Or maybe you’d just like me to put both of them into the blonde slut and see how loudly she can scream past that gag.’

Tiffany and Isabel looked at each other and Isabel saw Tiffany nod.

‘Alright,’ Isabel told him. ‘We’ll come quietly.’

‘Of course you will.’ De Vile pointed the taser at Isabel and fired.

Pain exploded out from Isabel’s right breast as she spasmed violently unable to control her limbs, her muscles cramping as she fell helplessly to the ground.

---

They were led out, naked and in chains. Isabel at the front, her wrists shackled together in front of her body, a steel collar locked around her neck, a chain running down between her breasts to her waist where another steel band encircled her body. The steel belt had a jointed section that ran between her legs too. Another chain ran from her shackled wrists to just above the floor where it linked two ankle cuffs.

Tiffany and Priya were similarly restrained.

Charlotte was just as helpless in the leather restraints Isabel had put her in for the bondage exam.

It seemed it was no longer daytime and the night air was chill. Isabel felt goosebumps flush across her skin as the guards escorted her and the others to an armoured prison truck bearing the words ‘Fort Dalmat Correctional Facility’. Two more guards waited beside it. As they approached, one of them opened the back doors and all four girls were forced to climb in. There were steel racks on the side of the truck and chains swung from the roof. A metal bench with heavy leather straps was bolted to the floor in the centre. The three girls in chains were forced to stand with their backs to the racks; Isabel on one side and Priya and Tiffany on the other. One by one, their wrist chains were disconnected from their belts and then they were all instructed to to lift them above their heads where a series of steel clamps pivoted down to lock them in place. A similar set of clamps closed around their ankle chains. Charlotte was laid face down on a low steel bench in the centre of the van and half a dozen heavy leather straps tightened over her body to pin her in place, with her legs folded up towards her bottom.

One of the men remained in the back of the van with them, his forked prod drawn although it seemed unlikely any of them would be able to do anything. As the door of the truck closed with a heavy steel clang the man smiled nastily then traced the top of his prod down Tiffany’s body.

‘Nice,’ he said, pushing the tip of the prod in to dimple the flesh of the redhead's generous breasts.

The redhead glared back at him and he reached out to tweak her right nipple.

‘Get off my fucking tits, you wanker!’

The man looked at the redhead with a hint of surprise then activated the device pressed against her other breast. A spark crackled and Tiffany flinched but continued to glare at him. He moved the prod to her left breast and gave her a second shock.

Isabel saw Tiffany’s eyes widen and her face pale.

‘Enjoy pain do you?’ the man said with a smirk as the helpless girl’s nipple puckered and stood erect.

‘Not as much as I’m going to enjoy inflicting it on you.’ Tiffany tugged at her bonds but they remained firm emphasised by the click of the chains.

The man lowered the prod and touched Tiffany’s thigh just beside the crotch band of the chastity belt.

‘I’m gonna suggest you shut your fucking mouth, bitch.’ He smiled and reached out to play with her nipple again.

‘Fuck off!’

The man shocked her again and Isabel saw Tiffany jerk in her bonds, the chains clicking again.

‘Get your hands off…’ She didn’t finish the sentence as another shock silenced her.

The man smiled again and put down the prod then he cupped both Tiffany’s breasts in his hands and began to play with them. ‘I’m gonna have a lot of fun with these.’ He squeezed them hard.

Just then the truck started to move and the man lost his balance.

‘Fuck!’

He sat down on the end of the bench next to Charlotte.

‘I’ve got plenty of time,’ he said, looking up at Tiffany with a sneer. ‘You’re gonna be with us for quite a while.’ Then he looked down at Charlotte. ‘Don’t worry, blondie, you won’t miss out.’ He touched the prod to Charlotte’s bottom and the blonde whimpered into her gag.

‘Anyone else?’ The man waved the prod towards Isabel who looked away.

‘How about you, Paki?’ He pointed the rod towards Priya who glared at him but, to Isabel’s relief, refrained from pointing out that she was Indian.

---

Sometime later, the truck came to stop and Isabel heard the rear door being unlocked. Two of the guards entered and the clamps holding Isabel and her companions were released. When they lowered their hands they were again shackled to the chain running from their belts to their ankles. Then they were instructed to exit the van.

Isabel found herself in a large courtyard floored by cracked concrete, surrounded by high smooth walls with a net over the top that she guessed was probably made of steel. De Vile was there waiting along with his squad of guards. They stood for a moment while Charlotte was released and led from the truck, still gagged and blindfolded and with her arms still sheathed behind her back. Then chain leashes were clipped to Isabel, Priya and Tiffany’s collars and they were led across the yard.

De Vile produced a keycard and swiped it to release a heavy steel door that swung open and the girls were led inside. The passageway was concrete and ahead was another door, this one made of steel bars. They were led forward and de Vile swiped them through again. There were passages to the left and right and the party turned right.

‘Not this one.’ de Vile said, indicating Charlotte. ‘I’ll take her.’ He reached out and took hold of the blonde’s leash.

Charlotte stilled for a moment, clearly aware that she was about to be separated from her companions despite the blindfold then she started to struggle crying out through her huge gag and backing away until de Vile jerked her nipple leash and one of the guards grabbed her. Isabel reacted in the only way she could, jerking on her leash and attempting to put herself between De Vile and Charlotte.

‘She stays with us.’

‘I don’t think so.’ De Vile gestured with his hands and Isabel felt twin pains as one prod was touched to her buttock and another to her right breast. Even so she fought, dragging on her leash until three of the men pulled her away.

De Vile pulled on Charlotte’s leash and, when the blonde resisted, he brought his knee up hard in her belly, doubling her over before twisting his hand in her head harness and dragging her half choking along the corridor away from Isabel.

‘No!’ Isabel screamed in frustration as she was dragged along the corridor away from Charlotte.

---

They went through three more security doors, all operated by a key card carried by one of the guards, his fellows using the prods liberally to ensure their compliance. Finally, they reached what appeared to be a cell block and one of the doors was opened with a key hanging from one of the guards’ belts. Priya and Tiffany were bundled inside and Isabel watched as their wrist chains were once more released from their belts. They were then forced to lie down on metal benches and place their hands above their heads. A similar mechanism to that which had held them in the truck was then activated, pinning their hands above their heads and their ankles in place. The cell door was then shut and locked.

Isabel was led onto the next cell where she too was forced to lie down on one of the two benches. She watched for when the lever to pin her wrists and ankles in place was thrown and, just before, moved her hands and feet enough so she wasn’t trapped. Then she lay in the cold metal while the guards left the cell and locked the door.

---

Isabel lay on her back as the sound of footsteps faded and doors clanged shut.

‘Fucking Kink!’ It was Tiffany’s voice. ‘I’m going to fucking kill him!’

‘Not helping, Tiff,' Isabel called.

‘It’s fucking helping me.’

Isabel sat up on her bed. She was still shackled but at least could move around the cell. She explored it carefully as Tiffany continued to rant. There was a barred window overlooking the courtyard with its overhead net, the steel benches designed to hold her and, presumably, Charlotte and a bucket although, for a girl chained on her back to the bench it wouldn’t have been much use. The inside of the door was completely smooth, devoid of any lock mechanism on that side at least, just a peephole which could, of course only be opened from the outside.

Tiffany seemed to be calming down and Isabel could hear Priya talking softly to her. She continued to explore her cell not so much expecting to find anything as to take her mind of where Charlotte had been taken and what might be happening to her. It was clear the guards were vicious thugs and the thought that her lover was at the mercy of de Vile gnawed at her until she simply sat on the bench with her head in her hands.

---

Charlotte was brought back sometime later, although Isabel had no idea of how long it had been. Hearing the door open, she had the presence of mind to lie on her bench as if shackled there as the door opened and Charlotte was dragged in between two guards. The blonde's bonds had been replaced by shackles like those Isabel wore, a collar with a chain down between her breasts to the chastity belt, another chain from the belt to her ankles to which her wrists were also shackled. Perhaps it was because of this that the girl did not resist or perhaps it was more that Charlotte realised the futility of fighting the guards. However, Isabel thought it was more than that; her friend and lover was limp between the guards, her head slumped, hair tangled and matted and hanging over her face. In the dim light Isabel could see bruises on her body, especially on her breasts and buttocks and on her thighs.

Despite her desire to act, Isabel forced herself to lay as if helplessly chained to her bench, praying that the guards would secure the blonde and leave the cell quickly. Charlotte was laid none too gently on the opposite bench, her head lolling back to hit the metal producing a muffled groan and Isabel saw the blonde wore a huge ring gag that stretched her mouth obscenely wide. One of the guards unshackled her hands and pulled them above her head. Again, Charlotte did not resist and the mechanism was sprung clamping her wrist and ankle chains in place.

‘Don’t worry, sweetie,’ one of the guards said, turning to Isabel. ‘You’ll get your turn soon enough.’

Isabel bit down a retort enduring the man’s fingers as they stroked her breast and pinched her nipple. At least she was wearing a chastity belt although she had little doubt this could be removed easily enough.

When the guards closed the door, Isabel waited a few minutes before sitting up and crossing to Charlotte’s bench.

‘Charlie?’ Isabel sat beside her and stroked the blonde hair, brushing it away from her face. There was a bruise on the blonde’s cheek and her face was streaked with dried tears. She slid her fingers around the strap of the gag but it was locked in place. ‘Oh, Charlotte.’ Isabel kissed her forehead and the blonde’s eyes opened.

‘Ig?’

‘Shhh.’ Isabel stroked her cheek and the blonde tried to move but stopped as she felt the click of the chains.

‘Ung.’ Charlotte turned her head to nuzzle her cheek against Isabel’s fingers.

‘Oh Charlie, what have they done to you?’

The blonde’s eyes filled with tears and her face, distorted as it was by the huge gag, took on a tortured look. She closed her eyes and shook her head. Isabel kissed her and then looked down at her lover’s body, stretched out helplessly on the steel bench. There was blood on her breasts and a needle protruded from one of them. Isabel pulled it out and the blonde whimpered. There were marks where at least a dozen needles had been used to pierce her breasts; there were bite marks too and her nipples were bruised and swollen.

‘Charlie.’ Isabel bent and kissed each of the blonde’s nipples and the girl whimpered again. ‘Sorry.’

Charlotte shook her head and opened her eyes. ‘Bgh.’

‘You like that?’

Charlotte nodded and Isabel kissed her nipples again.

‘Oh, Charlie.’ Isabel trailed kisses over the bruises on Charlotte’s belly. ‘I’m going to get you out of here.’

‘Mnng.’ Charlotte murmured and nodded slightly and Isabel lay down beside her, holding her as best she could.

They lay in silence for some time, Isabel ranting in her head at the recklessness of not escaping when they had the opportunity. Fucking Kink! She wasn’t prone to violence but the need to punch the wall was almost overwhelming.

‘Ig?’

‘Yes?’ Isabel was distracted from her internal ranting.

‘I ug u.’

‘I love you too.’

---

The guards came early, with the bleak sky outside barely light and Isabel had to scramble back to her bench quickly before the door opened. She fought the urge to leap at the guards and try to fight her way out or, at the very least, to inflict some pain on them. She’d hidden the needle she’d pulled from Charlotte’s breast within reach in case she wanted to use it. The restraint clamps were undone and both girls brought their hands down to their bellies where they were locked to the chain from their chastity belts to their ankles. Then they were told to relieve themselves - which they had to do with the guards watching - before being led out of the cell.

There were two steel bowls on the floor of the passageway, one filled with water and one with something grey and lumpy.

‘Better make the most of breakfast,’ one of the guards said, kicking the bowl of grey sludge forward and spilling some of its contents on the floor.

Isabel and Charlotte both stood still.

‘I told you to fucking eat!’ the guard said drawing his prod.

Isabel looked at Charlotte who nodded a fraction. The blonde’s eyes were dark and haunted and she stood crouched over as if all she believed in had betrayed her.

‘She’s gagged,' Isabel said, indicating the blonde with her cuffed hands.

‘Not my problem.’ The guard said.

Isabel swallowed and then dropped to her knees. With her hands cuffed to her waist, all she could do was lean over the bowl of grey sludge, which turned out to be a form of porridge, and eat straight from the bowl with her mouth. She was vaguely aware of Charlotte dropping to her knees beside her and trying to drink despite the huge gag. It wasn’t surprising that most of the water spilled onto the floor.

She heard a commotion beside her and looked to see Tiffany and Priya being treated in the same way. Even as she watched, Tiffany’s expletives were cut short by a prod from one of the guards’ devices. Defeated, the two of them dropped to their knees and addressed the bowls, sharing the water and the slimy porridge.

---

After they’d eaten, chains were clipped to their collars and they were led out into the courtyard where they found de Vile waiting.

‘You fucking bastard,’ Isabel snapped as she was brought to a halt in front of him.

‘Yes,’ he said with a sadistic smile. ‘I enjoyed my evening with the little blonde whore!’

Isabel sprang forward but two of the guards easily restrained her and another gave her a brutal jolt from his prod.

‘Don’t worry, you’ll get your turn later,’ de Vile sneered.

‘I’d rather die, you bastard.’

‘Oh, no, that’s not going to happen. You’re here to suffer unless of course, you manage to escape.’ He laughed. ‘But that’s not going to happen either. For now, you’re going to work.’

He reached into his pocket and took out a key which he used to remove Charlotte’s gag. The blonde tried to back away from him but the guards held her as de Vile struggled to remove the huge plug from her mouth.

‘What, no kiss for daddy?’ DeVile asked when he finally managed to remove the gag. ‘You were so eager yesterday.’

Charlotte shrank back, clearly terrified.

‘Wonderful oral skills,’ deVile said delightedly. ‘Shame about the belt though. I’ll have to find a way to get you out of that.’

‘Leave her alone, you wanker.’ It was Tiffany who spoke up this time. ‘Or I’ll gut you.’

De Vile glared at her. ‘Take them away and put them to work.’

---

They were given wooden clogs to wear and were then chained together by their collars and led out, de Vile using his keycard to unlock the gate. As they emerged, Isabel spotted another four girls coming out of a different gate. Like Isabel and her companions, they were naked and chained.

The girls were ‘put to work’ breaking rocks, their hands and feet still shackled and each girl fastened to a ring set into a large rock by a long chain running to her collar. The work was demanding, the picks heavy but out here the guards carried whips, multi-bladed whips and any evidence of slacking earned them a lash across their backs. Charlotte was clearly in no fit state to work and fell frequently, struggling to her feet as one of the guards lashed her back. Isabel and Tiffany stationed either side of her did their best to protect her, Tiffany even squaring up to the guards on two occasions to distract them from the blonde and ending up being lashed herself.

Their backs were bleeding and their skin burning in the sun when they were allowed to stop at what was probably midday when they were given a bowl of water which they crouched over and lapped at eagerly.

This short break did gave them a few moments together and they used it to share what they’d learned - evading the clamps that had shackled them to the benches, the needle that might be used to pick the locks to their shackles, the key card the guards carried, the impossibility of escaping from their cells from within.

As they were set back to work, Isabel could see the other four girls being treated similarly and wondered who they were.

*Did Kink have a second set of escape room girls? Were they relevant to the escape or just part of the set?*

The afternoon passed much like the morning in a blur of aching muscles, thirst and pain. As the sun began to set, de Vile joined them, riding in the prison van and inspecting their work before whipping each of them in turn.

‘Not escaped yet,’ he taunted.

Even Tiffany was too tired to argue.

Then they were gagged before being loaded into the van and chained to the racks along one side. The van then drove to collect the other girls and Isabel watched them being loaded and restrained on the other side of the prison van. She recognised three of them. The first was Te Ling, the girl from her course who she’d met in the Kink University scenario; the oriental girl no longer looked the apex dominatrix in tight blue rubber and thick make-up; like Isabel and her companions, she was naked and shackled and wearing a chastity belt; her skin was bruised and peeling in places from working under the hot sun; there were whip marks between her thighs and across her breasts. Shackled opposite Tiffany, she kept her eyes down. Beside Te Ling was the strawberry blonde girl Isabel had guessed as being Te Ling’s hooded slave when she’d seen her before; like her former mistress, she was bruised and battered, her fair skin burned and peeling and, like the oriental girl beside her there was a haunted look in her eyes that resembled Charlotte’s; she too averted her gaze from Isabel and the others. The third girl, chained opposite Charlotte, was the cheerleader vice-captain from the university. She gave Charlotte the briefest of nods but, if she responded at all, Charlotte’s acknowledgement was brief. As the fourth was led in, she recognised Sandra, the chastity studies girl who Isabel had bound and dominated as part of her dominance exam. Of the four, she was the only one who met Isabel’s gaze, giving a smile around her gag as she was stretched in her bonds, arching her aching body, the chains clicking.

---

Back in the courtyard the van was unloaded and the other girls taken off to their block.

‘Well.’ De Vile regarded them coolly. ‘Who’s turn is it to entertain me tonight?’

He walked along in front of them like an officer inspecting troops regarding them lasciviously. Isabel was aware of Charlotte shrinking back under his gaze.

It was at that point that Tiffany lunged at him, knocking him to the floor and doing as much as she could to hurt him with her elbows and knees. The guards quickly pulled her off him but Isabel was gratified to see he looked somewhat shaken.

The guards administered their usual punishment and Tiffany gritted her teeth as the prods jolted her.

‘A volunteer.’ He scowled, dusting his clothes down. ‘Bring her and put the rest of them back in their cells.’ He turned to leave and Tiffany made another move, shrugging the guards off and lunging, not for De Vile but for Priya.

Again the guards pulled her off.

‘Got the hots for your Paki friend, lezzer?’ One of the guards said. He was the one who’d been in the back of the truck with them the day before. ‘Filthy ginger bitch.’

Isabel winced, she’d seen Tiffany insulted for her hair once before. She wasn’t surprised when the redhead slammed her forehead into the man’s face. A loud crack echoed around the courtyard as his nose broke. The man rolled back, one hand on his face, the other raised to strike but de Vile raised his hand to stop him.

‘Just bring her.’ He snapped to one of the other guards.

---

Back on the landing in the cell block they were fed again and then the guards went through the motions of securing them in their cells.

Charlotte smiled for the first time since they had entered the prison as she sat up. It was only the ghost of a smile but it heartened Isabel. She leaned over the blonde and lifted her cuffs hands over the girl’s head to hold her close, her body filling with pleasure at the contact despite their situation and the grime coating both of their bodies. Charlotte leaned her head against Isabel’s shoulder and Isabel was sure the blonde was crying again.

‘We’ll get out,’ Isabel told her.

Charlotte lifted her face to look at Isabel, tears in her eyes and on her cheeks.

‘We have to get Tiffany out of there.’

‘I know,' Isabel pulled her close and kissed her. ‘But I explored every inch of this cell last night and I don’t think there’s a way out.’

‘What about the needle?’

‘It’s all we’ve got.’ Isabel disengaged herself from Charlotte and retrieved it from the side of her bench. ‘I don’t suppose you can remember any of your escapology skills.’

Charlotte sighed. ‘It’s weird. It all seemed so obvious then but when I try to recall exactly what to do it all seems a bit vague.’

Isabel passed her the needle and Charlotte frowned. ‘That was in me, wasn’t it?’

‘Yes, I…’

‘I don’t want to know.’ Charlotte held up her cuffed hands.

‘Oh Charlotte.’ Isabel felt as if her heart might break. Of all the pain she’d endured today, the worst was seeing Charlotte like this. ‘Tell me what happened.’

‘No!’ Charlotte almost snapped her eyes to the side, deliberately looking past Isabel.

‘But…’

‘No.’ Charlotte met her gaze this time and it was clear from her expression that there was no point in arguing. ‘Let me see your cuffs.’

Isabel held out her hands and Charlotte poked the needle into the lock. It took a while and Isabel couldn’t help smiling as she watched Charlotte work the needle, distracted for a few moments from the abuse she’d endured the night before, her face screwed up and her tongue pushed out.

Twenty minutes later there was a click and Isabel’s cuff popped open.

‘Yes!’ Charlotte grinned, a little spirit returning to her. ‘Give me your other hand.’

‘No!’ Isabel stopped her. ‘See if you can free my ankles.’

Charlotte nodded in the way she did when Isabel told her to do something she didn’t really understand and dropped to her knees. It was quicker this time and soon Isabel’s ankles were free of the cuffs.

‘You’d better teach me how to do it unless you can get your own cuffs off.’

‘Are you saying there’s something the great Isabel Schwarz can’t do, that Charlotte Scarlet can?’

‘Something like that.’

Charlotte stood and kissed her.

‘What was that for?’

‘Because you’re always so open about stuff. You just share your heart.’

The two of them looked at each other as the meaning of Charlotte’s words sunk in.

‘I shared it with you a long time ago,' Isabel said.

‘Kiss me.’

Isabel kissed her, and their lips lingered on each other’s for a few moments.

‘Don’t get too excited.’ Charlotte pulled away. ‘We’re both in chastity belts, remember.’ Then she grinned. ‘Or should I still call you Mistress?’

‘It’s enough for me that the real Charlotte is back.’ Isabel kissed her again gently.

Charlotte’s eyes teared over again. ‘One day I’ll probably tell you what happened with de Vile...’ she looked down, ‘…but not today.’

---

An hour later they were both free of their chains although still collared and still in the chastity belts.

‘All we have to do now is get out of the cell.’

Suddenly they heard the key in the lock.

‘Fuck!’ Isabel looked frantically at the pile of chains on the floor. ‘If they see this they’ll know we can get out.’

‘Stand there and bend over,' Charlotte said.

‘What?’

‘Just do it. I want you to present your best side. You need to distract them.’

Isabel opened her mouth to protest but did as she was told, bending with her legs spread wide and her bottom in the air as Charlotte snatched up a length of chain and scrambled up onto her bench where she would be hidden when the door opened.

As the door swung open Isabel looked back. ‘Hello, boys,' she said as coyly as she could.

‘What the…’ Priya got no further as Charlotte sprung on her, winding the chain around her neck. ‘Hey!’ Priya struggled, still shackled, as she tried to defend herself.

‘Priya?’ Charlotte let go of the chain.

‘Who did you expect?’

Isabel stood up and bit back a retort. Priya could be as single minded as her sometimes and as unable to consider others as Charlotte.

‘How did you get out?’

‘I’m an escape room girl.’

‘Priya I’ve searched every inch of this cell and there’s no way out.’

‘Ok, I tricked the guard.’ She wouldn’t meet Isabel’s gaze. ‘I might have played on the fact that I’m a hot escape room girl who's been fed on a diet of constant sex for the last five months and that being kept in bondage and not getting it was driving me crazy.’

‘That explains why you have cum on your tits,’ Charlotte added casually.

Priya regarded her coolly. ’There’s no need to be rude,’ she said coldly, ‘but yes, as you say, that is why I have cum on my tits.’

‘But you’re still in chains.’

‘Fortunately, men are very predictable. You give them a blow job and at the last moment they close their eyes. That’s the time to strike. I think anyone could do it.’

‘Priya, you’d never given a blow job until we came here.’

‘No, but I’ve watched a lot of movies about them and it’s hardly difficult and then there were the fellatio trainers in that Kink Kingdom episode.’

She spoke so matter-of-factly that Isabel and Charlotte laughed.

‘So, how did you get in here?’ Isabel asked.

‘With this key.’ Priya held it up.

‘That only opens the cell doors though, how will we get out?’

‘Fortunately, I also have this.’ Priya held up a swipe card.

‘The guard was carrying it?’

‘No, Tiffany stole it from DeVile when she ‘bumped’ into him.’

Isabel looked at her. ‘That was a diversion?’

‘I believe so.’

She turned to Charlotte who had gone pale.

‘Iz…’

‘I know we have to get her out.’ Isabel reached out and rested a hand on the blonde’s shoulder. ‘We will, I swear.’

‘This will help.’ Priya held up the guard’s taser and prod.

‘Now,’ said Priya, 'much as I like being in bondage, you seem to have solved the other part of the puzzle so I am asking you to take off these chains.’

---

It took Charlotte a little under ten minutes to free Priya, at least down to her collar and chastity belt and then they cautiously peered out onto the landing. It seemed clear.

‘Where’s the guard?’

‘Locked in my cell.’

‘Won’t he call out.’

‘I don’t think that is very likely.’

‘Priya?’ Isabel stopped and stared at the Indian girl.

‘It’s alright, I didn’t kill him or anything; though I probably should have. He made me deepthroat him. It was very unpleasant.’

‘What did you do to him?’ Charlotte asked in an odd, slightly bright tone.

‘I used his belt and his handcuffs obviously.’

Charlotte laughed.

‘And then I contrived a little predicament involving the latrine bucket.’ She shrugged. ‘If he opens his mouth it will be very unpleasant for him. Although I understand some men like that sort of thing.’

‘One down…’ Charlotte muttered darkly hefting the prod.

Isabel thought about saying something but decided not to.

They swiped successfully through the next door and found a map of the prison on the wall.

‘It’s this way,' Charlotte said without looking at the map and strode off to the right.

---

They swiped through another set of doors and then, as they turned the corner another of the guards appeared. Stopping as he saw them and reaching for his prod. Charlotte was quicker though and had kicked him under the chin with the ball of her foot before he could draw it. She was on him as he staggered back against the wall smashing an elbow into his face and then bringing her knee up into his groin. He crumpled, weakly reaching out for his dropped prod until she stamped on his fingers, pulping his hand. The man screamed and Charlotte dropped, grabbing his hair and slamming his face into the ground.

‘Charlie...’ Isabel called as she rolled the man onto his back and sat astride him with what looked like the intention of breaking his neck.

Charlotte looked up, her eyes burning.

‘What?’

‘Please, Charlie, don’t.’

‘Why not?’

Isabel couched beside her. ‘Please, Charlie.’

The fury in the blonde’s eyes dimmed and she seemed unsure suddenly, the hollow look she’d had earlier returning and she released the man, standing and stepping off him then turning and kicking him in the side. The man barely responded and Isabel rolled him over and used his cuffs to restrain his hands behind his back. She reached for his taser but Charlotte got there first, turning it over and slipping off the safety catch in a way that suggested she’d done this before.

‘This way.’ Charlotte led off again like a military squad leader, the taser held ready.

---

Passing through another door, they entered a narrow corridor.

That’s when they heard the scream.

‘Tiffany?’

Charlotte put her finger to her lips and began to creep down the corridor as another scream echoed ahead.

‘Card!’ Charlotte hissed, holding out her hand to Priya.

‘Charlie!’ Isabel stepped between them.

‘Stay out of this!’ the blonde snapped.

Isabel took a reluctant step backwards and glanced at Priya.

‘Personally, I’m with the Blonde Avenger here.’ She handed the swipe card to Charlotte. ‘Lock and load.’ She slipped the safety off her own captured taser.

Charlotte swiped and Priya kicked the door open then they both burst inside with Isabel following.

Tiffany stood or rather slumped in a half crouch in the centre of the room, her legs were bound together and her arms tied behind her back. She was leaning to one side supported, Isabel realised abruptly by her tightly bound breasts and prevented from standing by a rope that ran from her ankles to her neck. A spider gag forced her mouth open. De Vile stood beside her naked with a prod which he was using on her nipples. Hearing the sound of the door he turned his half erect cock bobbing.

‘What the…’ He got no further as the two tasers hit him almost simultaneously and he fell to the floor.

‘Tiff.’ Isabel started forwards even as Charlotte loomed over the fallen governor. ‘Help me, Priya.’ Isabel put her arms around Tiffany and helped her to straighten up, easing the tightness of the ropes on her breasts.

*Not ropes - wire! Bastard.*

A pair of medical forceps crushed each of the redhead’s nipples and something coated her breasts, something waxy. A box of candles sat on the desk along with a lighter. There were coils of rope and more wire along with a knife and a pair of pliers.

‘Ngga.’ The helpless girl gurgled something through her gag, her eyes flicking down to her tortured breasts.

‘This is probably going to hurt,' Isabel said, reaching for the forceps on the redhead’s right nipple.

Tiffany screamed again.

And a second time.

By then Priya had the knife and was cutting away the rope around Tiffany’s neck. The pair then freed her breasts from the wire wrapped around them.

‘Uggng eyy,' Tiffany cursed, glaring at them.

‘It’s good to have you back,’ Priya said.

‘Ugg ogg.’

‘She’ll be fine,’ Priya said to Isabel. ‘Come on.’ She took hold of Tiffany by the shoulders and dragged her to the chair behind what was presumably de Vile’s desk. Isabel saw the redness of her buttocks just before Priya sat her down. The redhead winced but didn’t complain. Priya knelt to begin cutting away the ropes around Tiffany’s legs and Isabel turned back to Charlotte.

The blonde had de Vile cuffed in a hogtie and was rolling him onto his side. The man looked terrified.

‘Please…’

‘Shut up you bastard!’ Charlotte stood and kicked him in the belly.

‘Charlotte…’ Isabel reached out to touch her shoulder but Charlotte shrugged her off.

‘Stay out of this, Iz.’ She kicked the helpless man again and he rolled himself onto his front in an effort to protect himself.

Charlotte heaved him up by his hair so he was kneeling. ‘Tell me why I shouldn’t cut your balls off.’

De Vile seemed genuinely terrified and, looking at Charlotte’s expression, Isabel could understand why.

‘You want to beg?’ Charlotte said standing in front of him looking truly terrifying despite looking more like a slave girl in her collar and chastity belt than an avenging angel. ‘You like it don’t you - or is that just when the boot’s on the other foot?’ She kicked him in the balls and de Vile screamed. ‘Beg, slut. Get down on your belly and beg me to be merciful.’

‘No, please…’

Charlotte slapped him. ‘Give me the knife, Iz.’

Isabel stared at her.

‘The knife, Iz, now.’

‘Charlotte…’

‘If you won’t, I will.’ Priya passed the knife to Charlotte who brandished it in front of de Vile’s face.

‘No…’

‘I told you to beg. On your belly, now. Beg me not to cut your balls off and make you eat them.’

De Vile’s eyes flicked to Isabel and he mouthed the word ‘please’.

‘Not her, me, you bastard… I’m the girl you tortured…’

De Vile slumped and dropped forward onto his belly.

‘Come here, worm and beg!’ Charlotte put her foot down in front of him about six inches from his head.

De Vile squirmed towards her. ‘Please…’

‘Please what?’

‘Please, Mistress, don’t cut my balls off.’

Charlotte’s lips curled into a smile and she dropped the knife beside him.

‘Thank you, Mistress.’ He looked up at her, relief obvious in his expression.

‘Don’t thank her yet.’ Tiffany crouched beside him and picked up the knife. ‘You haven’t grovelled to me yet.’

De Vile’s face fell and he let out a terrified sob.

‘I think he’s just pissed himself,’ Priya said helpfully as liquid began to ooze out from beneath De Vile’s belly. ‘Unless he’s enjoying this and you’ve just made him cum.’

At that moment an alarm sounded.

‘Shit!’

‘We should go.’ The past few minutes had even made Isabel forget the need to escape.

‘We need to go back to the map and take the main corridor,’ Isabel said. ‘Come on.’

‘You’re one lucky man!’ Tiffany said with more menace than even Charlotte had mustered. Then she stood and followed the others back into the corridor.

‘Come on.’ Isabel turned and led the way as they heard the sound of booted feet from beyond de Vile’s office.

They reached the map and the barred door. Isabel swiped the card but nothing happened.

‘It must be some sort of lockdown.’

‘Fuck!’

‘Oh, Iz.’ Charlotte’s face fell. ‘If only I hadn’t…’

---

‘He had it coming, Miss Scarlet.’ Professor Kink appeared beside them clad in his usual long black coat. ‘Now, if you would like to follow me…’ He gestured down a side passage.

‘He wasn’t the only one that had it coming.’ Charlotte lifted the taser she had retrieved before leaving the office. ‘You…’

Kink raised his hands in that universal gesture of surrender or perhaps ‘don’t shoot’. ‘Miss Scarlet, I entirely understand your…’

‘No you fucking don’t.’

‘Miss Scarlet, please…’

‘You want to beg too?’ Charlotte stepped towards him with her taser pointing at his chest.

Isabel could hear more of booted feet - a sound that was getting louder.

‘I think the Professor is here to help us.’ Priya stepped forward in the voice of a hostage negotiator not quite putting herself between Charlotte and Kink. ‘Isn’t that right, Keith?’

‘It is indeed, Miss Prince and I rather think that the need for help has become quite urgent now.’ He glanced towards the sound of pursuit.

‘Charlotte…’ Priya reached out and pushed the hand in which Charlotte held the taser down gently.

‘This way.’ Kink beckoned them.

‘But the way out is this way,’ Isabel said.

‘The prison is in lockdown,’ Kink said. ‘The doors won’t open.’ He turned and broke into a run.

The girls followed.

‘He’d better not be trying to trick us,’ Charlotte said as she ran along beside Isabel.

‘I really don’t think he is,’ Priya said.

‘In here.’ Kink punched a code into a door, pushed it open and they all bundled inside.

The room was warm and filled with bulging canvas bags. Piles of grey-white material were stacked on shelves.

‘You’d better have a pretty good explanation for all this,’ Isabel said, a little breathless from running.

‘I’ll get it out of him.’ Tiffany stepped forward. She only came up to Kink’s chest but Isabel had little doubt that in a fight, Tiffany would probably win by two falls or a submission or quite possibly a knockout.

‘You need to get in these bags.’ Kink held up one of the canvas bags. It was clear a girl would fit inside and Isabel had a memory of Charlotte as an escape artist.

‘You’re fucking kidding me!’ Tiffany laid a hand on Kink’s arm and drew back her fist as if she was about to punch him.

‘This is the prison laundry,’ Kink said with a degree of exasperation. ‘Have you never seen a prison break film?’

‘You check down there.’ It was a voice outside the door. ‘I’ll check in here.’

‘Hide,' Isabel hissed urgently.

The five of them dived in among the bags of laundry on the floor as the door opened. From where she crouched, Isabel saw one of the guards peer inside. Suddenly a heavy door banged somewhere down the corridor.

‘They must have gone this way,’ a voice behind the guard said and the man stepped back out and closed the door.

‘You can trust him,’ Priya said, gesturing to Kink as they emerged from their hiding places. ‘I don’t think we have much choice.’

‘What about the other girls?’ Charlotte said, stepping forward to face him.

Kink frowned, looking puzzled.

‘We’ve seen four other prisoners here,' Isabel said. ‘What will happen to them?’

‘They are part of the crew,’ Kink said. ‘Kind of…’ He frowned again. ‘Extras… But I can assure you they are safe, or at least will be.’

‘Another thing we should trust you on?’ Tiffany said, still clearly unconvinced.

Kink took a deep breath clearly torn between wanting to hurry and wanting to reassure them.

‘We should do it,’ Isabel said. ‘I’m in charge, it’s my call. We go with Kink.’

The others looked at her.

‘What? I’m team leader.’

There was a moment’s silence. Isabel might be escape room captain but she never really pulled rank.

‘Yes, Iz,' Charlotte said, taking one of the bags from Kink. ‘What do you want me to do?’

‘Climb into the bag over there by the chute.’

Charlotte glared at him for a moment then walked over to the spot Kink had indicated.

‘Fine.’ Tiffany followed suit.

‘Thank you, Isabel.’ Priya went next.

‘And are you coming with us?’ she asked Kink as she took the last bag.

‘I have my own arrangements.’ Kink said. ‘Besides, someone has to drive the laundry truck.’

‘Will we see you again?’

‘You can count on it, Miss Schwarz.’ Kink smiled. ‘And Miss Schwarz…’

Whatever Kink was about to say was cut off by the sound of boots in the corridor outside. Isabel stepped into her canvas laundry bag as Kink began to lock the tops of the other girl’s bags.

‘Is that really necessary?’

‘The prison is in lockdown. The guards might not be very bright but they will probably check the van.’

Isabel nodded. ‘Thank you, Professor.’ And with that she crouched in the bag, drawing it up over her head and tried not to panic as Kink locked her inside.

---

It was some three hours or more when Isabel finally heard the engine of the laundry truck stop and then the door at the rear open. After two hours lying on the floor of the laundry during which the room had been searched twice, Isabel had finally felt herself being lifted and then dropped into the laundry chute. One terrifying ride later she’d wound up, she assumed, among other sacks in the back of the truck.

Kink had been right, the truck had been searched although again fortunately not too diligently.

Charlotte and Priya already stood shivering behind the truck when Isabel emerged and they stood waiting for Tiffany in what appeared to be a poorly lit parking lot. It was cold and a fog hung in the air muting the glow of the ‘Take a Break Motel’ sign above them. Below the sign, the hotel promised a diner called ‘The Escape Room.’

‘I thought it appropriate,’ Kink said, forcing a wan smile as he stood before them in the livery of a laundry van driver.

Isabel was immediately suspicious and felt Charlotte clutch tightly to her arm. ‘Where are we?’

Kink looked awkward and, when Tiffany stepped towards him once again in a manner that was surprisingly threatening for a girl of five foot two squaring up to a man of six feet in height, he took a step backwards.

‘You are safe,’ he told them although he himself seemed nervous.

‘Does it have to be so cold?’ Priya asked, hugging her arms around herself for warmth.

‘It is November.’ Kink said, apparently surprised by the question. ‘It will be Christmas in a few weeks.’

Isabel did some mental calculations and was about to speak but Kink spoke again first.

‘Come on, let’s get you inside.’ He turned and pushed open the doors to the diner.

It was warm inside and Isabel immediately felt herself begin to salivate at the smell of cooking meat, fries and coffee. Her stomach rumbled as Kink ushered them into a booth.

A waitress in a short purple dress and stockings appeared, apparently unphased by the fact that a laundry van driver had just walked in accompanied by four girls wearing nothing but collars and chastity belts.

‘Kink ordered four specials and five beers.’

‘What’s going on?’ Priya challenged before Isabel could voice the same question.

Kink took a deep breath, his usual bravado and the confidence they were familiar with now seemed completely absent.

‘Were you expecting us to thank you?’ Tiffany asked, her tone acerbic. ‘To be grateful for rescuing us.’

‘No, Miss Tease and…’ Kink sagged, ‘I have to start by apologising for the…the…’

‘For the brutal fucking way we were treated in there!’ Tiffany stood as she spoke, slamming a palm down on the table between her and Kink. ‘Have you seen my fucking tits.’ She thrust her chest forward and her breasts wobbled. They were badly bruised where they had been bound, covered in small haemorrhages as well as residual blobs of wax.

The waitress peered out from the kitchen.

‘Everything’s fine, Gretchen.’ Kink reassured her and she retreated after switching on the TV.

‘Now, I was apologising for the way you were…‘mistreated’ this evening. ‘The Prison Episode’ was put forward at one stage but was quickly shelved in favour of more…light-hearted challenges.’

‘Is that what you call us getting tied up and humiliated on a regular basis,' Tiffany ranted. ‘You’ve kidnapped us. We’ve been sexually abused! I wouldn’t say that was ‘light hearted’. You tricked us into being here in the first place…’

‘Technically it was in the contract,’ Priya said. ‘Deprivation of liberty perhaps but kidnapping would be hard to prove.’

‘Who’s side are you on?’

Priya hesitated, looking perplexed. Then she looked at Tiffany and said ‘yours’ as she shifted slightly so she sat closer to Isabel and facing Kink. ‘I’m just pointing out…’

‘Yeah, well, stop pointing out…’ Tiffany leaned across the table, her formidable breasts threatening to slap Kink in the face. ‘So what happens now?’

Kink leaned back making a point of averting his gaze. ’You are still technically part of the ER project…’

He was interrupted by a news article on the television…

‘In other news; the live streaming of Escape Room girls, the controversial reality show that has proved a surprising hit among a wide variety of viewers, was cancelled at the last minute earlier this evening. Jaganmayee Ilangovan, chairwoman of Kink Enterprises which makes the series, cited unexpected technical hitches. When pressed about speculation that all was not well in the company following its hostile takeover by the de Vile corporation, Ms Ilangovan declined to comment.’

‘Jaganmayee Ilangovan?’ Isabel turned to Priya, gesturing around her. ‘Your aunt owns this?’

‘She told me she acquired it recently,’ Priya said, a little embarrassed.

‘If it helps,’ Kink interjected, ‘she…’

‘Meaning you…sold us!’ It was the first time Charlotte had spoken and all four of them turned to her.

Kink’s expression, already dismal, fell to new depths.

‘It wasn’t quite like that. She seemed committed to the project and said we could take things further by floating on the stock exchange. Then…’

‘Wait.’ Tiffany stared at him. ‘You mean what we do gets streamed?’

‘Yes,’ said Kink. ‘I thought you’d all realised that. It was in the contra….’ His voice trailed off.

‘And we’re all…like stars?’ Tiffany’s face showed a strange mix of emotions.

‘Your picture was on the front of Time Out last month and there’s…’

‘Well?’

‘We have franchises planned for Christmas.’

‘Franchises?’

‘Dolls, mugs, books…there’s even a range of sex toys.’

‘I don’t believe it.’ Tiffany sat down and gaped at him.

Kink started to blush. ‘More money was going to help me develop the processes, the VR interface, the stabilisation rings, the programming…’

‘It sounds like you and my aunt have been using us, Mr Kink.’ It was Priya’s turn to put the boot in.

‘I…we have...’ Kink sighed, seeming genuinely contrite. ‘Although you did sign contracts…’ His voice trailed off. ‘If it’s any consolation Jayee also wanted to ensure your safety.’

‘Well that’s big of her!’ Tiffany slapped the table again though less forcefully than before.

‘I can believe that,’ Priya said. ‘Aunt Jayee always liked to look after me.’

The others glared at her.

‘I’m sure she was looking after you too,’ Priya said defensively.

‘She didn’t do a very good job tonight,' Tiffany said.

‘Why did you help us?’ Charlotte asked quietly.

All eyes turned to her.

‘As I said, The Prison Episode was shelved and I…knew what might happen. I tried to stop it but…certain others prevented me. All I could do was to come into the VR and…well, become part of the team.’ Kink paused. ‘If it is any consolation, I admire all of you very much and to be part of your number this evening was…’

‘So what happens now?’ Isabel asked, interrupting him, tiredness overwhelming her.

‘I can remove Miss Scarlet and, most probably, Miss Tease from the interface in a few hours. Your contracts clearly state that you must not suffer any significant irreversible harm as a result of your activities within the environment and you have both suffered psychological harm, especially, Miss Scarlett.’

‘What about the other two?’ Tiffany asked, her voice edged with challenge.

‘I am sure there would be legal challenges if I tried to terminate them as well.’

‘I’m not going without Isabel.’ Charlotte clung even more tightly to Isabel than she had before.

‘Charlie…’ Isabel started to protest.

‘No!’ Charlotte turned to stare at her, a dark determination in her eyes. ‘I’m not leaving you. Even if… Like I say, Mistress, I’ll disobey you if you tell me to go.’ She looked around. ‘I’m not leaving any of you.’ Then she looked at Kink. ‘Thank you for the offer,' she said. ‘And thank you for…helping us. I wouldn't have wanted Iz or Priya to…’ She buried her face in Isabel’s shoulder and let out a sob.

‘Much as I want to gut you, I’m not going without my friends either.’ Tiffany folded her arms. It was clear she was trying not to cry as well.

‘I also think there may be another option…’

The TV had moved onto a programme about coarse fishing…

‘We interrupt this programme to report on breaking news. Governor de Vile of Fort Dalmat Correctional Facility was arrested earlier for financial irregularities and in a bizarre twist of fate is currently in the maximum security area of his own prison. The prison is known for its harsh regime…’

‘De Vile?’ Isabel asked. ‘What…?’

‘Reginald de Vile mounted a hostile takeover of the company. He was the one who…’ Kink said in a distracted way. ‘It was him who…’

‘You mean he's a real person. He came in here and…’ Tiffany said. ‘I’m going to fucking kill him too.’

Kink was looking at the screen in amazement. ‘I’m not sure you’ll need to. Something has happened while I’ve been in here.’

At that moment Gretchen appeared with their order.

Kink took a long swallow from his beer. Then stood, his face now more puzzled than sad. ‘I have booked you rooms at the motel. It’s not the best in town but it is comfortable and you will be safe.’ Kink produced three key cards. ‘Miss Schwarz and Miss Scarlet, you are in room 201; I assume you will be happy to share.’

Isabel glanced at Charlotte. The blonde, still hollow-eyed and with tears on her cheeks, gave a flicker of a smile.’

‘That’s fine.’ Isabel took the key card.

‘And you, Miss Tease, are in 207.’ Kink passed her the key card. ‘And I understand there is another guest who is eager for you to arrive.’

‘Who?’ Tiffany asked suspiciously. ‘One Joel Marley. I believe you know him.’

Tiffany was on her feet in an instant.

‘There is no need to rush, Miss Tease. He certainly won’t be going anywhere.’

‘Oh.’ Tiffany smiled widely and Kink handed her a set of keys.

‘And you, Miss Prince, are in 215.’

‘And will there be anyone joining me this evening?’ Priya’s expression was serious.

‘That depends on whether you wish for company.’

Priya looked around at her companions and then back at Kink. ‘After what we’ve been through, I think I need a good night’s sleep.’ She paused. ‘And a little time on my own.’

‘Of course, Miss Prince.’ Kink nodded with a sad expression on his face. Then he turned to them. ‘I will leave you all in peace but before I go I wanted to mention that the entrance to the motel is not manned at night. There is an exit code which I have written on your key cards.’

‘And this is an ‘exit’ exit,' Tiffany said.

‘A complete exit from the escape room complex.’ Kink tilted his head to look at them and smiled sadly. ‘It will remain active until 0600h.’

‘And if we’re still here?’

‘I will assume that you wish to continue with the challenges I set for you.’ He looked rueful. ‘If it helps I can assure you that you will enjoy the Christmas Special as much as the Halloween one. Oh, and one more thing… the keys to your chastity belts and collars are in your rooms.’

Isabel stood. ‘Thank you, Professor.’ She held out her hand and he took it then turned to the others. ‘Miss Scarlett.’ He bowed. ‘And Miss Tease.’ Then he stepped towards Priya and reached out to take her hand. For a moment, Isabel thought the Indian girl might pull her hand away but she allowed Kink to take it and raise it to his lips where he kissed her knuckles. ‘Miss Prince.’

Then he bent and picked up his coat from the back of the chair over which he’d hung it and, head bowed sadly, left the room. At the door, he turned.

‘I really do want to say, it has been an absolute pleasure…’ His voice trailed off and he left the room.

#### Epilogue

Professor Keith Kink keyed in the code to the motel exit and the door swung open. The chill mist had turned to drizzle, blurring the street lamps and making the road shine.

A figure in a long coat stood waiting for him under an umbrella.

‘Jaganmayee.’ Kink allowed himself a small smile. ‘You were the last person I expected to see.’

‘You must call me Jayee.’ Jaganmayee Ilangovan smiled and held out her hand. Kink was about to take it when she stepped closer and embraced him. ‘Thank you,' she said warmly.

‘Is this how they sack people these days?’ Kink said with a rueful smile.

‘Sack you!’ Jaganmayee took a step away. ‘I’ve come to reappoint you to the role of CEO if you still want it.’

Kink stared at her in surprise.

‘And to thank you for rescuing my niece.’

‘I had my reasons.’

‘Yes, Keith, you naughty man, and I know just what they are.’ She squeezed his arm.

‘You weren’t involved then.’

‘Involved!’ She stepped away. ‘Priya is very dear to me. I didn’t buy the company just to make money, you know.’

‘You know all about it then?’

‘Keith, I make it a point to learn all about my assets and my key employees.’

‘And you don’t object?’

‘Why should I? It’s doing wonders for her self confidence and I’m being besieged by offers from every multimillionaire in India for a chance to marry her.’ A touch of concern entered Jayee’s voice. ‘How is she coping, by the way?’

‘I think she was the least affected by this evening’s incident.’

‘Good. I’d rather she’d not gone though it at all but I was in India when their little coup was orchestrated. As soon as I realised what was happening I flew back.’ She paused and looked at him.

‘I must say that you handled it very well,’ she said. ‘Pulling the plug like you did after de Vile had got in and then going in after him. I’m not sure I’d have had the courage to do that.’

‘I’m no expert as this evening has proven but I dare say it will cost us some viewing figures and we may have to pay a fine to the network for failing to deliver.’

‘You let me worry about that, Keith. Smoothing things over is what a chairman of the board does. I’m only sorry I wasn’t here to stop it happening in the first place.’

‘How did you make that thing with de Ville happen?’

‘Oh, Keith, a girl can’t give away all her secrets.’ Jaganmayee Ilangovan pulled Kink a little closer. ‘I have a lot of people working for me and some of them are almost as clever as you.’

‘We can’t leave him in prison - even a virtual one.’

‘Another thing to let the chairman of the board worry about while you get on with the real work.’

‘What about the rest of the board?’

‘I’ve given them notice,’ Jayee said. ‘I’ll bring in my own people in due course but for the moment, it’s just you and me.

They reached her car. A chauffeuse, a slim blonde in a tight leather uniform opened the door and, passing her umbrella to the girl Jayee slid in.

‘Come on,’ she said, shifting across the seat to make room for him. ‘You need to brief me about the Christmas special.’
