---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: The Game
authors:
- Cai
tags:
- M-f
- bond
- scarves
- gag
- caught
- FMM-mf
- capture
- chairtie
- oral
- sex
- climax
- cons-reluct
- X
---

**The Game Part 1**

I was the one that introduced my wife to scarf bondage and taught her everything from how to tie a gag properly to putting a person into a hogtied position and over a period time, she was able to do the tying and the gagging better than me.

Tonight would be no different from the other nights. She would be in a smart business suit wearing the pink Hermes around the neck, cowgirl style which I bought for her from interstate. We thought we spice things up by playing our games in the garage. As usual, I would have my other scarves and bandanas with me. I put the bundle on the workbench and folded one scarf and tied my wife’s hands behind her back. I grabbed a blue bandana and cleave gag her with it and then grabbed a while bandana and blindfolded her with. I am not sure why but I always love using the white bandana as a blindfold on her.

I lit up a cigarette and she began to lick my penis on the side through her gagged mouth and not long after that, I pulled her gag down so that she can use her mouth freely by going down and deep on my already swollen penis. Before my wife and I could get down to proper business, two blokes stormed through the garage and wrestled me to the floor tying and gagging me with the duct tape. They also duct tape my wife’s mouth shut.

A woman in her early 20s walked in and smiled at us which I then realized it was the young college girl, Kylee, from next door that lives with her parents. She continued smiling at us and telling us how she would see us get it on through her bedroom window on multiple occasions and decided that she wanted to join in the fun along with her boyfriend and his friend. I couldn’t really object to it as I was bound butt naked on the floor while my wife was still tied, gagged, and blindfolded next to me.

Kylee grabbed one of the scarfs from the pile on the bench and folded it into a narrow band and then use it to tie it tightly around my already erect manhood and ball sacks. The two guys got naked as quick as lightning which I should call them Guy One and Guy Two. These young college blokes were ripped in muscles. Guy Two ripped the duct tape from my wife’s mouth and began to fondle her breasts through her satin blouse. While Guy One grabbed the scarves from the bench and began to tie Kylee by having her hands behind her back and then another scarf to gag her. Kylee was placed next to me which she smiled through her gag.

When Guy Two had enough with fondling my wife’s breasts, he decided to have fun with her mouth and jammed his penis down her throat guiding her head by holding on the back of the blindfold going up and down. My wife was great at giving oral and not long after, Guy Two blew his load into her mouth and choking her in the process. When he finally finished cumming, he grabbed a scarf and gagged my wife and I can clearly see his cum dribbling out of her gagged mouth which Guy Two smirked at me of his achievement.

After seeing Guy Two in action, Guy one was keen to have his go and began grinding my wife’s ass from behind with his manhood and when it was hard enough, he slid his dick into my wife and slowly pumping her doggy style while holding the end of her gag pulling her head back on every pump. He pulled down my wife’s blindfold which I can tell by her eyes that she was embarrassed but at the same time enjoying it. Kylee decided to join in the fun and she wiggled herself down to the point where she was able to spit the gag out and began to suck and lick my manhood.

Guy Two now seems to have recovered and pulled down my wife’s gag and began to pump his dick in and out of her mouth again which he manage to come quickly again blowing his second load into her mouth. He gagged her after finishing with her mouth. Not long after, Guy One came and pumped his load onto my wife’s face. And then not long after that, I came hard into Kylee’s mouth which she sucked and swallowed all of my cum. Guy One, released Kylee from her bonds. My wife and I were then re-tied to the chairs. I sat there looking at my wife in her business suit all tied, gagged, and covered in cum, wondering what these college kids were going to do to us next.



03.12.15

story continues in [**The Game 2**](thegame2.html)

o0o
