---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Captured Escort
authors:
- Sophia Usher
tags:
- F-m
- D-s
- ts
- cd
- latex
- capture
- cuff
- susp
- toys
- nc
- X
---

Part 1.

I was already in a bad mood, i hated it when clients wanted something different and kinky. I wasn't at all into bondage and pain but this client today wanted me to tie him up before i fucked him and then let him fuck me! I pulled into the car park and got out of my car. I smoothed my tight black pencil skirt over my stocking clad legs, it came down to about 2" above the knee. I knew there was a fetish shop round the corner so quickly made my way to it, my 5" heels clicking on the pavement. I looked at my reflection in the shop windows as i passed.

"Damn i look hot today" i thought to myself.

At an early age i realised i was a woman stuck in a male body so as soon as i was old enough and had saved enough money i had a sexchange. This obviously upset my family who have had nothing to do with me since but i could'nt careless i now had the most gorgeous body and i knew it, i was 5'8" tall, a size 10 with a 36c chest and legs and ass to die for. SO say i'm a bitch but so what, i am earning £300 an hour as an escort and love my life now.

I stopped outside a shop with fetish clothing in the window looking at the the models in their tight latex clothing and corsets did give me a stirring in my tiny black knickers. I did like to play dress up for my clients but the other stuff like being bound and gagged and whipped was just for freaks! I opened the door and stepped in and was immedietly hit by a strong smell of latex, i looked around at the rails of clothing all latex and pvc.

"Must comeback when i have the time and look at some of the clothing" i though but not now as im in a hurry.

"Can i help you?" a voice asked.

Startled i turned round to see a woman dressed head to toe in a latex catsuit. The black latex shimered as she towered over me. I just stared at her looking her up and down from her long dark hair in a pony tail to her large breasts to her corset and then to her gleaming thigh boots.

"Can i help you" she said again.

"Err oh yes err i need some handcuffs or something like that?" I replied.

"Ah so your a bondage lover!" The lady said.

I looked back at her with a look of disdain "Certainly not, i'm an escort and a client wants it"

"Well we have plenty of restraints here for you, i'm Tanya the owner by the way. If you will follow me"

I walked behind her as her latex clad bottom swung from side to side, damn she was hot i thought. Tanya quickly turned round and caught me staring at her ass and i could see a slight smile come to her lips.

"So you're an escort are you?" she asked.

"Yes its good money and easy money too!" i replied smiling.

"Hmmm don't you think you're being a whore" Tanya asked coldly.

I stared back at her damn cheek i thought to myself but this wasn't the time for an argument "No i dont think i'm a whore so if you please can i just get what i want as i'm in a hurry!" i sneered.

Tanya's smile went and a cold harsh look came over her face. "I think these should do the job" she held up a pair of leather cuffs with padlocks on with a very short chain.

"Fine i will take them" i snapped.

"Oh not so fast i will need to show you how effective they are first"

Before i knew it Tanya had grabbed one of my wrists and cuffed and locked it, twisting my arm around my back she grabbed my other wrist and cuffed that too imobilising my arms behind my back!

"Hey you crazy witch what the hell do you think your doing!" i shouted

"Well you do have a foul mouth don't you,well i can cure that and then we can talk properly!" Tanya smiled and grabbed something from a shelf

"Open wide" she said showing me a massive 2" red ball gag harness.

"I think not you witch just let me go or your in serious troubl....." all the breath suddenly left me as Tanya punched me in the stomach.

As i doubled over gasping for breath she pushed the ball gag into my mouth and buckled it tight around my head silencing me.

"MMMGRRERR" i cried into the gag.

Tanya pushed me against a wall and her hands came up to my heaving chest, her hands began to carress my breasts through my white blouse, her hand ran down my front to the front of my skirt feeling my crotch.

"Mmmmggrrrr!" i moaned as i felt Tanya unzip my skirt. I felt it slip to the floor around my ankles.

"Well well just as i thought! Your are a boy/girl!" Tanya smirked as her hand felt my cock through my knickers.

"Leeetch meee geeeoo yoooo bitchhh" i cried through my gag as i struggled to get free.

Tanya stopped feeling my cock and slapped me hard round the face, once on the left and then on the right cheek stunning me into silence.

"You will SHUT UP when you are with your Mistress or you will regret it"

I stared at her unblieving at what i had just heard. Tanya stood back and looked at me. She looked me up and down from my 5" heels past my black seamed stockings to my black thong to suspender belt to my trimmed waist all the way up to my gagged and tear streaked face.

"I've been looking for a stubborn stuck up bitch to break and train as my personal slave and now i have it!" Tanya laughed stepping forward and ripping open my blouse exposing my bra and breasts.

"You can go easy or the hard way slut!? Which is it to be??"

I jerked forward trying to push her out the way and make a bee line for the door but as i did i forgot about my skirt around my ankles which sent me flying to the floor. Before i knew she was on top of me "Ah the hard way slut.. good!" she cried.

I felt something sharp cutting away at my blouse which quickly disappeared then more cuffs around my elbows locking them tight together. I was then dragged to my feet by my long dark hair and pulled down one the shops aisles to a door. Tanya unlocked it and pushed me inside, she kept pushing me along and i was suddenly conscience of her looking at my pert ass wiggling. She opened another door and pushed me inside. I looked around and the room had no windows just a latex covered bed with a matching cross and bench and seat and the walls were covered in cuffs, ropes, chains and all sorts of things, none of which i liked!

As i looked at the room i didn't even notice as Tanya cuffed my legs wide apart with a spreader bar which was in turn locked to a loop on the floor. With lighting efficiency my arms were released only to be bound above my head and winched up until i could barely stand in my heels. I felt her carress my ass and again my cock and balls, her hands moving up my body to my breasts her fingers circling my nipples and pinching them hard making me scream.

She stood before me looking me up and down again, this time with a sly grin on her face as if she had just got what she had always wanted.

"Hmmmmm there is something missing" she said.

I heard her rumaging in a draw behind me and then felt her finger in my ass, without thinking began to moan and squirm.

"OH you are a whore" said said as she pushed 3 fingers into my ass.

Theses were quickly replaced with a cold tip of a butt plug. As she pushed it in i began to complain and moan as i realised how big it was but she didn't care and just pushed harder! With a big push i felt the plug enter my ass at its widest point and then entered me completly filling me to the max. Tears ran down my face as a shook all over from the massive invader.

Again Tanya stood before me. "There that's much better" she said as she tortured me more by adding clamps to my hard nipples.

Standing back and admiring her work smiling like a cheshire cat.

"There that should keep you entertained until the shop shuts and i can begin to have fun with you"

She stood directly in front of me cupping my quivering ass in her hands and kissing me on my ballgag.

"From this moment on you are my slave, your life as you knew it is all over"

Tanya now cupped my knicker clad cock in her hand.

"When i come back i have something for this too! As my slave you will never get to use this little thing again!" she laughed.

She then turned and walked to the door turning to say "I will be back in 4 hours, don't go away!"

I heard the door shut and lock and i was alone bound in my underwear and gagged with a huge plug in my ass and clamps pulling on my nipples.

What was going to happen to me i thought nobody knew i was here!

I pulled at my bonds but every movement seemed to make that infernal plug move in my ass and what was worse my cock was starting to get hard in my knickers!

What was that witch going to do with my cock!!???

All i could do is wait and wait...

](https://forum.grometsplaza.net/index.php?topic=842.0)

19.11.10

story continues in [**Captured Escort 2**](captured_escort2.html)

o0o
