---
original_url: https://grometsplaza.net/
title: Enclosed
authors:
- Cpdx
tags:
- F-f
- latex
- catsuit
- hood
- bond
- bagged
- inflate
- sen-dep
- basement
- encased
- cons
- X
---

It was Friday evening. She knew what that meant. She could hear the
irregular pounding of her heart as it was thunder looming on a humid summer's
day. She rang the door bell anyway.

After a minute the door opened and she was ushered inside. She walked
down the hall, following the owner of the house, wondering what was going
to happen this time. A door was opened for her and she stepped slowly down
the dimly lit wooden stairs into the cellar.

She was asked to undress. She complied and lay the clothes in a tidy
mound on the concrete floor. The room she was in was not well lit. There
was a door in the wall opposite to where the stairs were. She walked over
to it and turned the door knob slowly. If she had had any hair on her body
it would have stood on end.

She pushed it and walked in.

It was dark inside.

She was told to stand still.

She heard footsteps
behind her and then a spotlight shone onto her pale skin, her shadow on
the wall behind as dark as the room beyond the arc of the light. The door
closed behind her. There was a wooden chair on her left, which had clothing
on it. Clothing which reflected the harsh light in front of her and shone
darkly, mysteriously in front of her dazzled eyes. There was a plastic
container of talcum powder on the floor in front of her.

She picked up the talc and covered her body on the white powder. The
spotlighted path became misty and then white as the floor around her feet
was carpteted with white powder. She picked the clothing up from the chair.
It lay limp in her hands. There was only one item this time. She slipped
her feet into the one piece rubber suit. She pulled it up past her ankles,
her knees, her thighs, her bottom and then up to her waist. She could now
see and feel all the rubber tubes which plugged into the orifices of her
lower body. They were all three feet in length and fit snugly into her,
sealing her up, lining her with rubber. There was one for her anus and
one for her urethra. In addition her vagina was now lined with rubber and
a pimpled section of the suit pushed up tight against her clitoris.

The inert top of the suit flopped in front of her. She picked it up
and then slid her right arm into the sleeve. Then she eased her left arm
into the other sleeve. She could feel the smooth, cool rubber clinging
to her powdered white skin.

Now her body was dark and shiny.

The suit's
built in helmet was empty and lifeless. She eased it gently over her head
and with that action it began to come to life, to assume its natural shape.
She
slipped the mouthpiece between her teeth. It lined her mouth, her teeth
biting on rubber and her tongue trapped beneath a rubber ledge, forcing
her mouth to remain slightly open. A tube ran from her covered mouth to
three feet beyond the mask. Her ears were plugged with rubber and her eyelids
were covered and closed by thick rubber pads. Rubber plugs filled her nostrils
with the smell of rubber and were joined together just below her nose into
two fluted tubes, one going to her left the other to her right, hanging
by the side of her arms.

She pulled the zip down from the crown of her head to the small of her
back. A figure stepped in the harsh light. A rubber gloved hand locked
the zip on her suit closed. She stood still, barely breathing. The buckles
on her neck were tightened. The drawstrings on the back of the helmet pulled
tight and finished off in a bow.

She put her rubber gloved hands around
her rubber covered waist. She felt the hard, unyielding stays on the built
in corset, squeezing and pressing on her ribs, chest and abdomen. The corset
laces were pulled tight reducing her waist by four inches and forcing
her breasts upwards into the harsh spotlight, pushing her nipples into
the built in rubber nipple clamps.

She could breathe the cool air of the basement and could smell the rubber
odour of her suit. She could not see and could not hear very well. Her
skin was enveloped in a rubber  layer. Only the unconnected tubes,
sprouting from her orifices like tendrils had unfettered access to the
atmosphere in the basement. She was guided over to the far end of the basement,
the only sound being the pad of rubber feet on the concrete. She was stopped
and was gently guided down to the floor where she lay still. She could
feel smoothness with her fingertips as her hands touched the floor.

A metal belt was placed around her waist and tightened. Two metal bands
were tightened around her thighs. Two more went around her ankles and another
around her neck. More went on her wrists, elbows and knees. The shiny metal
bands fit snugly and firmly but didn't touch her rubber suit as there was
another layer of rubber between them. Her ankles were then fastened together,
followed by her  knees and thighs. Her wrists were attached to the
thigh bands and her elbows to the waist band.

She could not move her head
up or down or side to side. She could not bend her knees or her elbows.
She could only raise her legs into the blackness of the basement. She felt
the tubes being moved. Those emanating from her lower body were gathered
together in one bunch, while those from her head were pulled together to
form another group.

Then she thought that she was being enveloped in a thick rubber cover
as she could no longer hear any sounds outside of her head.

Suddenly she
could feel herself becoming lighter, as if she was floating. She felt the
air pressure around her suit change. It was increasing. She breathed deeply
and noticed that the air she was breathing was now fresher. She could not
feel any air coming into the tubes anymore. There was no air movement just
a constant presence. She felt giddy, excited, her breathing becoming quick
and shallow. There was a constant pressure all around her.

All she could
hear was the sound of her heart beating loudly in her ears. She lay still.
She knew that she would be in this state for a few days. It would be fruitless
to count off the minutes of time as she had no concept of it, here, in
the dark confines of her rubber womb.

Outside of her universe, the basement was empty and dark, devoid of
life.

An oval rubber object lying on the floor, two rubber antennae emerging
from the middle of the stricken shape. They were her umbilical cords, her
life lines. Her breathing was regulated. She could be fed liquids through
her mouth. She could expel urine from her body but she could also receive an
enema. She was controlled by another person, completely, utterly.

She was
subject to another will, a whim, a calculated thought, powerless to stop
what passed through some of the tubes and unable to escape.

She could be
here for minutes, hours, days, weeks even months.

She didn't know.

She
didn't care.

2001
