---
original_url: https://www.boundstories.net/storiessz/traditional_ceremony.html
subcategory: Bound Stories
title: Traditional Ceremony
authors:
- Zack
tags:
- MM/ffff
- bondage
- kidnap
- cons
- X
---

Traditional Ceremony
- Part One
by Zack
Traditional Ceremony by Zack
The Amalgamation Survey Ship Interloper moved in a synchronous orbit
above Gamma, the third planet of star P314159264.

Lieutenant Pami Erig, the bravest field surveyor in the Star Fleet Survey
Service, was running for her life. She was also cursing her bad luck. She
had been waiting for night in her carefully concealed camp when a call
of nature made her move into some nearby bushes. Too late, she saw a group
of at least thirty savages moving quietly down a dry stream bed less than
50 meters from where she was squatting. Even then she would have probably
escaped detection, but one of the warriors, evidently answering his own
call, moved directly toward her. She froze, hoping that he wouldn't see
her, but the bush she was crouching behind was thin and had small, sparse
leaves. She muttered to herself, "I knew I should have chosen the jungle
planet."

Erig was close to the Galactic norm in appearance, so she hadn't needed
much of a disguise to fit in on this world. Her dark brown hair had been
lightened, and her skin had been dyed to simulate exposure to the sun,
but her face and body were unchanged. Her scars and ropy muscles didn't
look out of place in a society of nomads with stone age technology. Since
this was a training exercise, rather than a field survey, she hadn't attempted
to infiltrate the local tribe, just observe it from a distance. Now, apparently,
the tribe was going to observe her.

The savage stopped and sniffed the breeze, blowing from Erig to him.
He detected the smell of human ordure and moved closer, sniffing the air
and peering over the scattered bushes with his beady brown eyes. He spotted
Erig, let out a whoop of triumph, and charged. She stood and assumed her
fighting stance. Her attacker wasn't subtle; he ran toward her in a direct
attack, whooping loudly. He was armed with a war club; a fist-sized round
stone bound to the end of a wooden handle by leather thongs. Erig easily
eluded his careless charge and wide swing and delivered a combination of
blows with fists and feet that killed the overconfident attacker. But now
the other savages had seen her, and they launched a shower of stone-tipped
arrows.

'This primitive technology is no match for Amalgamation science', she
thought, 'so why am I the one who has to flee?' She picked up the club
dropped by her now-defunct attacker. As she turned away from the charging
savages Erig felt a stab of pain. An arrow had hit her right calf and opened
a deep cut that was bleeding profusely. The point had struck a glancing
blow; three centimeters to the left and it would have embedded itself in
the muscle.

No time to tend to the wound, and no time to pick up any of her equipment;
she ran through the dry, yellow grass and the scattered bushes clad only
in moccasins, a headband, and a leather bandeau around her high, firm breasts.
The savages chased her, whooping and yelling as they ran.

Erig was a trained runner in good condition. She moved into her smooth,
economical stride, confident that she could leave the muscular but rather
squat and bandy-legged savages in her dust. They may have been savages,
but she quickly learned they were experienced at chasing down prey. Two
of the warriors sprinted away from the pack, and Erig was forced to speed
up to keep ahead of them. They couldn't catch her before they were forced
to collapse, panting for breath, but they accomplished their goal, and
some of her energy reserves had been expended. Two more savages repeated
the exercise, but they didn't get nearly as close as the first two, and
the savages didn't try the trick again. Erig settled back into her preferred
pace and was gratified when her pursuers couldn't keep up.

A few kilometers later Erig was seriously concerned about her leg wound,
which was still bleeding and becoming more painful with every stride. Blood
was streaming down her calf and her moccasin was filled with so much blood
she could hear it squish with every step. Her pace had slowed, and a quick
glance over her shoulder showed that the faster savages were catching up,
and worse, only a few of the pack had dropped out of the chase. If she
didn't stop the bleeding she would weaken and they would run her down.
Somehow, she had to shake them off, but she knew she had no chance of hiding
on this dry plateau with its thin vegetation. "I know there's a river close
by," she muttered, "if I can reach it I know I can dodge these savages.
There's thick vegetation along the riverbank."

Erig leaped over a small gully and winced as her injured leg took the
strain of the landing. She spotted a faint trail in the sandy soil, made
by animals going to the water, and turned to follow it. She increased her
speed when she could see the ground drop away into the steep-sided valley
eroded by the river. All she had to do now was descend the bluff without
breaking or spraining anything and she would have an excellent chance of
escaping her pursuers.

She reached the edge of the escarpment and stopped. A groan of dismay
forced itself from her panting lungs. She could see the river below, and
the trees and brush that lined its banks. But she could also see a native
encampment. What looked like the whole tribe was spread for several kilometers
up and down the river, with hundreds of lodges visible on the dry floodplain
next to the stream. And coming towards her from the camp was another band
of savages, and they were less than twenty meters away.

Trapped! Erig had only moments to choose a strategy. Running was a poor
choice. The new band of savages weren't tired and they could easily catch
her, and when they did she would be too exhausted to fight. She looked
for a place to make a stand and spotted a group of large yellow sandstone
boulders about fifty meters to her right. She jogged to them and put her
back against the largest. It wasn't much of a fortification, but it did
help cover her back. The running savages turned towards her and their whooping
increased in volume. Soon they had formed a semicircle facing her, waving
their weapons and screaming taunts. Several raised their bows, but the
leader gave a sharp command and no arrows were released. They wanted to
take her alive; torture was their national sport.

Three of the savages carelessly moved towards her like they expected
her to surrender. She waited until they were close and then launched her
own attack. She used her club to parry the blows aimed at her and delivered
a combination of swings with the club and a flurry of kicks that left all
three sprawled motionless on the ground. The others looked on with shocked
surprise and then they all charged at once. She began a desperate ballet
of violence as she used her club, hands, and feet to rain killing blows
on her attackers. More bodies were scattered on the ground; the very numbers
of the savages hampered their movements.

The leader of the war party shouted until all of the surviving savages
backed off. Then he organized a more coordinated assault. Erig continued
to resist and more savages went down, but one managed to grab her ankle
and trip her. Before she could get off the ground the savages piled on
and the sheer weight of their bodies pinned her, face down in the dirt.

Her arms were pulled together behind her back and a leather thong was
wrapped around her wrists and tightly knotted to hold her hands crushed
together palm-to-palm. Other savages tied her ankles, and more thongs were
used to join her elbows. The pain was severe, but Erig stifled any cry;
the savages respected only bravery, and any show of weakness would eliminate
her already slim chance of escaping death by torture.

Her wrists and ankles were tied together in a hogtie. The pain caused
by the tight bondage got much worse when a pole was placed under the connecting
thong and two of the savages lifted it to their shoulders. She was a trophy,
carried along as the surviving savages headed for the camp, her body swinging
and twisting below the pole.

Once Erig was bound none of the savages had hit or kicked her in spite
of the havoc she had inflicted on their comrades. It wasn't kindness; they
wanted to save her for the torture. There weren't any sexual assaults either;
this tribe had a taboo that prohibited sex with any woman that hadn't been
purified in a traditional ceremony. Her bandeau was removed, but only so
it could be used as a bandage to stop the bleeding from the cut on her
leg. If she bled to death she would cheat the savages of the entertainment
that ritual torture provided.

A savage reached out and twisted Erig's right breast. The unexpected
pain startled her, and she grunted, more from surprise than the pain itself.
The savages smiled and talked, praising the clever ploy that forced out
the condemnatory cry. Erig cursed to herself, "Damn! So much for being
the brave, silent type. Now I'm cooked, most likely literally."

Runners had been sent ahead and by the time Erig reached the camp most
of the tribe had assembled around a large open space near the river. There
were hundreds of them, the men dressed in loincloths and leather vests
that exposed the coarse brown hair that covered their chests. Their faces
were covered by long wooly beards in many shades of brown. The women were
more modest. They all wore long shifts of leather, fur, or crudely-woven
fabric that covered them from neck to mid-calf. The crowd was noisy, talking
excitedly and eager for the fun to begin.

Three lodge poles had been set up as a tripod and Erig was carried to
it. The men carrying her dropped her onto the sandy dirt and the thong
connecting her wrists to her ankles was cut. She barely had time for a
sigh of relief before a long rope was tied to the thongs binding her elbows,
thrown over the top of the tripod, and pulled until she was standing on
her toes. Her ankles were untied and then retied to stakes so her legs
were spread far apart and her feet were off the ground. Her weight was
now supported by the thongs cutting into her arms and her shoulder joints
were strained and wracked, but pride made Erig grit her teeth and stoically
endure the pain.

A hush descended on the crowd of celebrating savages when two women
carrying bundles of firewood moved close to the tripod. They were dressed
in blood-stained leather dresses and their front teeth had been filed to
points. Erig felt true fear when she recognized them as the pain-bringers.
They had been trained since childhood in the art of extracting the maximum
amount of pain for the maximum amount of time, and they could keep the
object of their skill screaming for days.

The pain-bringers used some of the wood to prepare a small fire on the
ground directly below Erig's crotch. She noted with dismay that it was
small; death would not come quickly. One of the pain-bringers brought a
blazing stick from a nearby campfire, and when she thrust it into the waiting
wood Erig used her tongue to dislodge a small capsule from the roof of
her mouth and guide it between her teeth. The capsule would bring this
to an end; she closed her eyes and bit down hard.

When she opened her eyes the VR goggles had become transparent. The
crowd of savages had disappeared and she could see the bare bulkheads of
the deactivated holodeck on the Interloper. The two pain-bringers were
revealed as Sonji Regan and Swamka Mahoon, her friends and fellow field
surveyors, who were dressed in black exercise leotards instead of blood-stained
leather.

Like Erig, they too had the famous 'field surveyor' look; athletic bodies
and an aura of competence that was displayed with every movement. They
did differ a bit in physical appearance; Mahoon had light brown hair and
pale skin, while Sonji's hair was very black and her skin was tan. They
differed the most in their facial expressions. Erig's face had a hard,
cruel look, a product of her years of experience, while Sonji's face was
still innocent and unmarked. Mahoon was somewhere between these extremes.

Sonji said, "That was a very impressive performance, Pami. You killed
or crippled a total of thirteen savages; that's four more than Swa's total
and nearly twice as many as I did."

"I accept your congratulations. Now how about untying me? This hurts."

Mahoon said, "I don't know; you look very attractive like that, and
you must like it. You could have stopped the action back when you first
went down."

"You don't get the full benefit of the training if you stop it as soon
as you encounter a difficulty. And if you screw up you deserve to suffer."

Mahoon sighed. "You're a hard woman, Pami. But I like that." She moved
close and caressed Erig's exposed pubes.

Sonji interrupted, "Enough, you two! Wait until you're in your own compartment."
She cut the bindings on Erig's ankles and had the winch pay out cable until
Erig's feet were flat on the deck. Mahoon kissed Erig, and then freed her
wrists and elbows.

Mahoon looked at all the wreckage and shook her head. "This is really
going to piss off the maintenance officer. He doesn't like it when we bust
up so many of his robots."

"I don't care what he says, it was a good workout." Erig knew that he'd
be pissed off, but so what? She was the one who put her life on the line
on hostile planets, and she wanted realistic training. She peeled off the
transparent tape that had kept her wrists and arms from being cut by the
thongs. "Which of you sadists programmed the robots so I would be carried
suspended in that hogtie?"

Sonji gave her an innocent look, but Mahoon's face carried a smirk that
proclaimed her guilt. Erig produced a scowl, "I'll get my revenge, just
you wait." She removed the wound-simulator from her calf and the pain stopped.

Sonji said, "Let's get cleaned up and go to the wardroom. I have something
I want to tell you."

\* \* \*

The three field surveyors, dressed in the blue coveralls that were the
normal working uniform for shipboard personnel, entered the wardroom. Mahoon
felt, as always, that the surroundings could have been a lot more pleasant.
The wardroom bulkheads were painted the same drab gray that was used on
the rest of the interior, and the only attempt at decoration was a cheap
plastic plaque with the ship's crest (a stylized eyeball) and motto ('You
Can't Hide'). There wasn't even a dropped ceiling, so the overhead was
visible, complete with the ubiquitous pipes and cables. She had been assigned
to ships where a lot of effort and money had been expended on the wardroom
and the mess decks to produce a resort-like ambience. Not on this ship;
it was strictly business.

The wardroom was occupied by the supply officer, Lieutenant Miki Amano.
She was seated at a mess table and using her data terminal to work on some
accounts, a scowl of concentration distorting her pretty face. A plate
pushed to one side held the remains of a meal.

Miki looked away from her terminal when she heard the other women enter.
"Hi. If you want to use the wardroom for a meeting I can go someplace else."

Sonji replied, "No, please stay. I have an announcement I'd like you
to hear too. But I don't want to disturb you if you're busy."

Sonji wanted to make Miki feel she was part of the group. She had only
recently reported aboard the Interloper, a transfer at short notice after
her predecessor had been abruptly removed when an audit determined that
some funds had vanished from the maintenance account. The records were
a mess, and Miki had been left to decipher them on her own. This hadn't
left her with much free time to get acquainted with her shipmates.

Miki shut down her terminal. "I've done enough with these records for
now, and I'll use any excuse to postpone an inventory of the storeroom.
Please join me."

The three field surveyors sat down around the table with Miki. Erig
said, "So tell us, Sonji. What's your news?"

"Dag and I are going to be married."

Mahoon exclaimed, "Congratulations! I'm so happy for you." Then she
frowned. "But does this mean you're going to leave the Survey Service?"

"No, I'm not going to that. I have a lot of leave accumulated and I'll
spend it with Dag, but I'll be back. Now that Gamma is in the Amalgamation
ships will be here on a regular schedule, so it's not like I'd be stranded."

Miki asked, "I don't think I've met Dag. Is he assigned to this ship?"

Erig replied, "No, Dag is a native of Gamma. Sonji met him when she
was doing a field survey before Gamma was invited to join the Amalgamation."

Sonji smiled. "It was a little more intense than that. I was his slave
for a year."

Miki was shocked. "His slave? How could that be? A planet that allows
slavery can't join the Amalgamation."

"I was convicted of a crime, and the punishment was a year of involuntary
servitude. Dag's father bought me and gave me to Dag." Sonji smiled as
memories flooded back. She remembered their last night together, and Dag's
touch. She could feel herself becoming aroused. Then she fainted. Erig
kept her from falling out of her chair.

Erig and Mahoon were familiar with this phenomenon and they had no trouble
reviving Sonji. Not for the first time Erig remarked, "Isn't that neuro-psychological
conditioning a major nuisance if it makes you faint every time you remember
a passionate interlude?"

Sonji was embarrassed. "Yes, I have to be careful. But Dag and I have
worked out a way to get around it when we have sex, and it works so well
that I don't want to risk spoiling anything by getting the conditioning
reversed. I've fallen away from my old church, so there's no longer a religious
reason for it."

Miki's expression showed her bewilderment at finding herself among these
strange creatures. Then she forced a smile. "If you're going to marry him
it's obvious that Dag didn't mistreat you. When is the wedding going to
take place?"

"In a few days; a lot depends on when everybody can get together. Dag
and I would have liked a quiet, private wedding, but his father is insisting
that we go through the traditional ceremony, including all of the prenuptial
activities."

"Is Dag's father still President of the National Council?" Mahoon asked.

"Yes. The wedding is going to have a lot of political overtones. Because
Dag's the son of the President and I'm a Star Fleet officer many people
even consider it to be sort of a symbolic uniting of Gamma and the Amalgamation.
There is still a surprising amount of local opposition to Gamma's membership
in the Amalgamation, and Dag's father thinks the wedding may help overcome
that. Captain Goda agrees, and she's going to encourage Interloper crew
members to attend the wedding."

Erig said, "I wish you the best, and I certainly will be there."

"Actually, I was hoping that you would take a more active role. I've
been told that the bride needs a large entourage, and I would like you
three to be my attendants."

Erig and Mahoon quickly agreed, but Miki hesitated. "I appreciate the
invitation, but I really couldn't. You need close friends around you, and
we've just recently met."

"You are a friend, Miki. And even more, you're part of the Survey Service,
so you're like family. Please say you'll be part of the wedding."

"Well, if you're sure, I'd be happy to be an attendant."

"That's wonderful! I know we'll all have a good time. I understand there's
a lot of partying before and during a Gamma wedding, and some of the tastiest
beverages in the galaxy are brewed and distilled here. And the best part
is that this won't count as leave time, since we're officially 'improving
galactic relationships'."

Mahoon said, "Drinking on government time, that sounds good to me! But
on a practical note, where will we stay, and what do we wear?"

"Dag's father has invited us to stay at his house in Brombeg. Kealii,
Dag's sister, has offered to be my guide though the rather complicated
schedule of events, and she'll also be one of my attendants. She provided
some sketches of appropriate clothing and we can have the ship's costume
shop make what we need. Most of the clothing isn't too different from the
peasant dresses we wore for the field survey, except that the fabric is
better and we'll have underwear."

"Is there anything we can do to help here on the ship?

"No, I believe I've taken care of everything here. Oh, you could check
your data file to be sure your dress measurements are correct, and pick
the colors you want for your casual clothes. The local cloth is dyed with
vegetable dyestuffs, so only pastels are available."

Erig said, "I can do that. When are we landing on the planet?"

"As soon as we can get ready. I'd like to leave tomorrow if that's all
right with you."

"I've got some reports to finish, so I'd better get to them."

Sonji asked Miki, "Can you speak the Gamma language yet? If not, don't
forget to go to the biocomputer lab and have them program you with the
language transplant."

Miki nodded. "I'll be sure to do that. Well, much as I hate it, I'd
better get the inventory started. I'm short a chief storekeeper, so I have
to do a lot of the work myself. Luckily, the storeroom isn't as messy as
the records are."

Erig and Miki left the wardroom. Sonji also started to leave, but Mahoon
stopped her. "I'm glad you asked us to be part of the wedding, Sonji. Pami
really needs something to distract her. Will Dag have some men as his attendants?

"Yes, he'll have at least as many men with him as I have women with
me."

Mahoon nodded. "That's what I thought. I've been to other weddings where
there was quite a bit of interaction, and I hope you can find some man
who'll take up with Pami. And one for me too, of course."

Sonji was surprised. "I thought you and Pami were a couple."

"Well, we are, but only because there isn't anybody male in the picture.
Pami took it very badly when she broke up with Thar, and she turned to
me for consolation. I like her and we have fun in bed, but it's not my
first choice. It's not really hers, either."

"I heard that she and Thar broke up, but I was away from the ship when
it happened and I never got the complete story. Did he dump her?"

"Sort of. He was fooling around with Zoe and Pami caught them. But this
was just the final blow. There had been a lot of strain for some time.
The real problem was that Thar wanted a submissive woman and that's not
our Pami. I think he was actually afraid of her."

Sonji nodded. "I can understand that. But why did Pami get so upset
over the breakup?"

"She really loved Thar, and his rejection of her was what hurt. Pami
doesn't have lot of men competing for her attention, and I think this really
bothers her."

"I'll talk to Dag and ask him to be sure to include someone for her
among the unattached men in his group. But it isn't easy to find somebody
who's a match for Pami."

\* \* \*

The next afternoon the shuttle from the Interloper landed on a dusty
field just outside the city of Brombeg. A crowd of local residents had
gathered to watch as the shuttle glided down on its extended wings, and
then shifted to thrusters for the final fifty meters of descent. Flying
machines were something new and fascinating to people living in a pre-industrial
society.

Like the rest of the galaxy, Gamma had lost its technology in the Great
Crash, when every computer in the known universe had locked up at the same
time because of a date/time bug in the operating system. Unlike almost
all of the other planets, which had descended into savagery, Gamma had
managed somehow to maintain its social order. Thus, the democratic system
of government was far in advance of what was usually found at this level
of technology, and this made Gamma eligible to join the Amalgamation in
spite of its lack of industrialization.

The semi-mythical Elder Ones had seeded every inhabitable planet in
the galaxy (and maybe in the universe) with the same life-forms, but over
the millennia evolution had caused them to diverge to fit their particular
environment. Gamma had only one small, temperate continent, and the appearance
of the people in the crowd reflected this; the range of skin colors varied
only from pale to tan, and most of the hair color was some shade of brown,
from sandy to black, with a few blondes mixed in.

The four Survey Service officers disembarked from the shuttle. It was
normally painted non-reflective black, but for this semi-ceremonial occasion
it had been oversprayed with white. The paint didn't completely cover the
original finish, so the net result was a sort of dingy gray. Erig said,
"It feels strange to be getting off a shuttle in daylight, and next to
a city. I'm used to landing in the dark and way out in the bushes."

Mahoon agreed. "Yeah, and it's also strange not to be in some disguise.
I don't know how to react when I'm not wearing some weird outfit. But this
isn't too bad." She twirled to display her simple, pale pink dress. It
had a sleeveless bodice and a full, ankle-length skirt.

"I know what you mean. Of course, we are wearing the same kind of clothes
the locals are wearing, so it could be considered a disguise. But I am
glad that the local style isn't too different from what you'd see anywhere
in the Amalgamation."

A young woman waved and hurried over to them. She had long, honey-blonde
hair and her trim figure was clothed in a pale blue dress. She hugged Sonji
and introduced herself. "Hello, everybody. I'm Kealii, Dag's sister. Welcome
to Brombeg."

Sonji returned the hug. "Hello again, Kealii. I'd like you to meet my
friends; Pami Erig, Swamka Mahoon, and Miki Amano."

Kealii hugged each in turn. "I'm happy to meet you." She looked at the
shuttle with awe. "Advanced technology such as this is so impressive."

Erig snorted, "It's not that advanced. Except for the fusion power source
the design hasn't changed much in hundreds of years."

Mahoon added, "Yeah, the physicists keep telling us that anti-gravity
devices are going to appear any day now, but somehow that day never comes."

Kealii said, "Well, I'm impressed. Do you have much baggage? I can arrange
for a cart if you need one."

Sonji lifted her satchel, "No, we're traveling light. You'll have to
guide us to your house, though. I didn't see much of the city the other
times I was here. In fact, the first time I was taken to your house I was
inside a barrel."

Miki and Kealii laughed at the joke, but the field surveyors knew that
it was the literal truth.

The five women walked through the city streets. Kealii pointed out some
of the points of interest, such as there were. Brombeg architecture wasn't
distinguished; almost all of the houses were just two-story, whitewashed
boxes built close to the street. The only structures that even tried to
make some gesture towards distinction were a few municipal buildings near
the center of town.

Miki was fascinated. It was all so different from Taeoku, her home world.
That was a totally urbanized planet, covered with a vast grid of buildings
hundreds of meters high, and with moving pedestrian transport belts that
were thronged day and night. This city was so different. Its narrow streets,
paved with stone blocks, were almost empty except for a few pedestrians
and the occasional oxcart. She marvelled at the clean, clear air and the
intense blue of the sky. She liked the sparse, simple layout of the city,
especially the small, beautifying details, like the elaborately carved
doors, all painted in bright colors, that made a pleasing contrast to the
stark whitewashed stucco of the walls.

Miki paused to admire a fountain standing in the center of a intersection
of three streets. "Visiting places like this is why I joined Star Fleet,"
she muttered under her breath, "not spending my days in a metal box on
the ship." She hurried to catch up with her friends.

All of the Survey Service officers were dressed like Kealii and the
other young women they passed on the street, in sandals and the ankle-length,
pastel-colored dresses that were now the local fashion. It would have been
psychologically difficult for them to wear anything else. Blending into
their surroundings was an imperative deeply engrained in all field surveyors
from their first day of training. They were happy to be mostly ignored
by the local residents, except for the admiring looks they drew from young
men. A trio of men actually followed them for a few steps, shouting compliments.
Erig turned and glared at them until they decided the risk outweighed any
possible reward of pressing their advances.

Finally they stopped in front of a large house, which like the other
houses in Brombeg presented a blank face to the outside world. Kealii knocked
on the bright blue, elaborately carved wooden door, and after a short wait
it was opened by an old man. "Hello, Ludg. Is Dag at home?"

Ludg stepped back so the women could enter. "No, he's with your father.
He won't return until just before the party starts tonight."

Sonji asked Kealii, "What party is that? I didn't realize the wedding
festivities started so soon."

"This isn't actually part the wedding ceremony. It's nominally an introductory
party, with you and Dag as the guests of honor. My father has invited a
few hundred of his closest friends, so it will inevitably be a political
meeting too. That's one of the things a politician's daughter gets used
to, and you shouldn't let it bother you either. You can just ignore the
political talk."

"Is the party going to be held here? This is a big house, but that many
people would fill it up."

"No, my father has arranged to use a large meeting room in the courthouse.
Do you know where it is? It's not far from here."

"Yes, I've been to the courthouse." Sonji remembered how frightened
she had been at her trial. Her first-ever field survey took place on Gamma,
and it had gone terribly wrong. She had accidentally assaulted a court
official, and she had been afraid of receiving the maximum sentence, ten
years of involuntary servitude.

Kealii led the way into a lounge, a large room that opened off of the
courtyard in the center of the house. It was colorfully decorated with
bright wall hangings and matching carpets. It was furnished with comfortable
upholstered chairs arranged around a low table, and she invited her guests
to be seated.

Sonji remarked, "This room is a lot different from when I was here before.
Is this your doing, Kealii?"

"Yes, I'm staying here while I'm going to the university, and I felt
the house could use some new furnishings. The rest of the family is living
in the Presidential Palace in Tarnbeg, of course." She left the room and
returned with a tray holding two earthenware pitchers and some cups. "The
blue pitcher contains wine and the yellow pitcher has beer. Please serve
yourselves."

When everyone had refreshments she said, "I suppose you all know that
my father wants the wedding to use the traditional ceremony? There are
many people who worry that membership in the Amalgamation will cause Gamma
to lose its own culture, and he wants to demonstrate that this is not inevitable."

She turned to Sonji. "I know that this is presumptuous of him, since
it is your wedding, but he thinks it's important."

Sonji wasn't so naive that she didn't know that marrying Dag would also
mean becoming involved in his father's political activities. She reassured
Kealii. "I can understand his concern, and I suppose I don't really mind
because I too want Gamma's membership in the Amalgamation to go smoothly.
But what exactly is involved in the traditional ceremony?"

"It's based on what was a common practice in olden times. Back then
when a young man saw a woman he liked he and his friends would kidnap her.
He then had a few days to convince her to accept him, and to demonstrate
this acceptance by having sex with him."

Erig stated, "That sounds like a license to rape." Erig didn't like
rape, and she had been known to treat rapists harshly.

"Oh no, that's never been allowed even in the earliest times, and to
be sure that it didn't happen girlfriends of the prospective bride were
kidnapped with her so they could later confirm that no coercion was used.
Of course, the groom's friends often attempted to persuade them also, and
sometimes this meant there would be more than one wedding. And usually
before a man went to all this trouble he had some indication that the prospective
bride would welcome his attentions."

Mahoon commented, "I've heard of stranger customs; in fact, variations
of this kind of marriage-by-capture are fairly common on many planets."

Kealii assured everyone, "You do understand that it has been a great
many years since the kidnapping was real? Now it's all symbolic and everything
is done by prearrangement. The bride is only held 'captive' for a short
time."

Sonji said, "It does sound different from what I'm used to, but I haven't
any objection." She addressed her friends, "How about you? Do you still
want to be my attendants?"

Miki giggled, "Oh, I want to. I've never been kidnapped before. This
will be an exciting new experience for me."

Erig and Mahoon had been kidnapped before, but they also nodded their
agreement. Sonji admonished them, "You will remember that you're only supposed
to put up a token resistance?"

Erig answered, "Yeah, I'll try not to kill anybody." She said this with
a straight face, and Miki and Kealii laughed.

Sonji asked, "Is all of this going to happen here in the city?"

"No, this custom goes back to the days before there were cities. Some
wedding abductions do happen here, of course, but it's nicer in the country,
where there aren't any city crowds. My family has a country estate and
Dag and his friends will use it for their headquarters. My father has rented
a nearby farmhouse for us to use, and we'll stay there until the abduction.
The wedding itself will be in the city. Oh, before I forget, Sonji, you've
got to sign the application for the marriage license. It's over there on
the table. I'll witness your signature."

The two women stepped to the table and signed the document. Sonji smiled.
"I'm glad everything is arranged. Now, what should I know about tonight's
party?"

Kealii explained the party arrangements, and then the women began a
general conversation, which led to a discussion of the way male foibles
varied from planet to planet. Erig was telling a story and they were all
laughing when there was an interruption.

Dag entered the room. "Hello, ladies."

Kealii exclaimed, "Dag! We didn't expect to see you so soon."

"When I heard the shuttle had arrived I slipped away as soon as I could.
Could you introduce me to our guests?"

Kealii obliged. "Miki Amano, Pami Erig, and Swamka Mahoon, meet my brother
Dag."

Everyone nodded and smiled. Kealii looked at Sonji's glowing expression.
"Dag, I'm sure you and Sonji want to exchange a private greeting. We'll
see you both later."

Dag laughed. "That's one way of putting it, Kealii." He beckoned to
Sonji and they left the lounge.

Kealii waited until Sonji was out of the room and couldn't overhear.
She whispered, "There's another old custom that's part of the traditional
ceremony, and that's for us to play a prank on the bride. Sometimes it's
just some crude practical joke, such as hiding her underwear and weakening
a seam in her dress so it splits during the ceremony, but mind games are
always the best. Sonji doesn't know about this tradition, so it should
be possible to run an elaborate hoax without her catching on. Let me tell
you what I plan, and you tell me if you think it would be too upsetting.
We don't want to be cruel; we just want to bother her a little."

\* \* \*

Sonji was careful not to touch Dag and she tried to keep her thoughts
neutral as she followed him along the familiar path to his room. She was
proud of her self-control when she managed to get there without fainting.

Dag didn't waste time. He ordered, "Take off your clothes."

"Yes, Master."

Sonji stripped as fast as she could. When she was naked she knelt and
bowed her head. "How may I serve you, Master?"

Dag pulled her to her feet, wrapped his arms around her, and kissed
her deeply. His hands roamed over her body and Sonji was so aroused she
just had time to wind her arms around Dag's neck and kiss him back before
she fainted.

Dag held Sonji's limp body in his arms for a few moments before he put
her down on his bed. He opened a drawer and took out a mass of leather.
He found what he was looking for and attached padded leather cuffs to Sonji's
wrists and ankles. Dag had these cuffs made wide and strong, because Sonji
used all her strength when she struggled against her restraints. Struggling
against bondage was the only way she could keep herself from fainting when
she was aroused. He tightened the clamps that held the cuffs locked in
place and used short straps to connect each wrist to the corresponding
ankle.

Dag took off his clothes and got onto the bed with Sonji. He looked
at her innocent face and felt an overwhelming feeling of love and tenderness
sweep through his mind. Then he looked at her bound and naked form and
felt overwhelming lust sweep through his body.

Sonji moaned as she regained consciousness. Dag kissed her breasts and
then her lips, his hot tongue rolling inside her mouth, his lips pressing
and sucking, his hot hands roaming over Sonji's sweat-slick body, caressing
her breasts and sliding down her belly towards her sex. She pulled and
twisted, straining against the straps that held her wrists close to her
ankles. Dag couldn't control himself and forgot about continuing the foreplay.
He entered Sonji and she synchronized her struggles against the straps
to the rhythm of Dag's strokes until they both climaxed.

They cuddled for a while and then Dag disengaged and lay next to Sonji.
He kissed her ear and murmured, "I'm so glad you're back. I love you so
much, and I missed you."

"I love you too, Master. I'm so happy we're going to be married." Just
being this close to Dag aroused her, and she pulled hard on her restraints,
trying with all her strength to separate her wrists and ankles. He was
so strong and handsome, and she so enjoyed the contrast between his pale
skin and light brown hair and her tan skin and black hair.

"I'm not your master any more, you know. I won't be your master after
we're married either, because a wife has never been considered subordinate
to her husband."

Sonji was used to having her wrists strapped to her ankles, and she
easily managed to roll onto her side so she could kiss Dag's chest. "When
we're alone I want to be your slave, Master. Will you allow it?"

Dag laughed, "It will be difficult, but I suppose I could. But seriously,
are you sure you want to get married, with all that implies?"

"Yes, I'm sure. I love you so much that I want the universe to know
that we're together. And while I like being a field surveyor, occasionally
I have to do unpleasant things, and being with you helps me forget. Also,
I want to have children sometime, and that requires the stability of marriage."

"I know you are used to being away from your home planet, but if you
live here you will visit there even less often. Are you going to miss your
family?"

"No, not really. My family still practices a religion that prohibits
all pleasure, and I could never go back to that now. Living with you and
your family is all I want." Sonji squirmed on the bed until she could kiss
Dag's penis. "I also like the sex, Master."

Dag rolled Sonji onto her back and spread her legs. He used his lips
and tongue to bring her to another orgasm. She screamed and struggled against
the straps. Then he entered her and they rode the wave of passion together
once more.

They cuddled together for quite a while, but eventually Dag stirred.
"Time to get out of bed and rejoin the others, Sonji."

She kissed him. "It's all your fault that we're still in bed. I'm bound
and helpless, remember?"

He lightly swatted her hip and she yelped. "You were much more respectful
when you were my slave girl. I'll have to start beating you again."

"You never beat me!" Dag had been strict, but never cruel, although
Sonji had been careful not to provoke him.

"I didn't? Then I suppose it's too late to start now." He kissed her.
"This is more fun, anyway."

"Yes, Master. Thank you, Master. Please release me, Master."

Dag removed the cuffs and Sonji stretched her arms. She examined her
wrists, which were red, but not chafed. "Remember how the rope we used
before cut me? You were wise to get the leather cuffs. But we're missing
something. I don't have an iron collar riveted around my neck any more."

Dag smiled. "Wouldn't it look funny with your uniform?"

Sonji laughed. "Probably, and that iron collar wasn't very comfortable,
either. But could you get a leather one made?"

"Why didn't I think of that? It'll make an ideal wedding present."

They washed and dressed. Just before they left the bedroom Sonji remembered
Mahoon's request. "Dag, you'll have a group of your friends with you to
help with the abduction, won't you?"

"That's the custom. Are you sure that you want to use the traditional
ceremony? I could speak to my father and I'm sure that he would go along
if you've decided that you're uncomfortable about being kidnapped."

"No, I don't mind. Why I ask is that Pami and Swa don't have any men
in their lives right now, and it would be nice if you could find men who
would be willing and able to pay attention to them. Swa always has male
companionship if she wants it, but for some reason Pami finds it hard to
attract men."

"I can understand that. She's not bad looking, but she has this aura
of menace about her, and many men would find her threatening." Dag thought
for a moment. "I know just the man. My friend Reg is a captain in the Civil
Guard and an expert warrior. He isn't intimidated by anyone, and it shows.
He's not violent in his personal life, but most women are still frightened
of him."

"Sounds like a perfect match, unless they kill each other."

\* \* \*

The party had be going on for over an hour. It had reached the point
where everyone was relaxed enough to be talkative, and the din was considerable.
Radg, Dag's father and the President of the National Council, was accompanied
by Sonji and Dag as he circulated through the crowd, greeting everyone
he met. Many people wanted to engage in a long conversation, but he politely
cut them off after the introductions. He was making an attempt to keep
this a social occasion and not let it turn into just another political
meeting.

Dag wore the gray clothing that was traditionally worn by a qualified
advocate. Sonji was wearing the dress uniform of the Star Fleet Survey
Service, as suggested by Captain Goda. Her friends had also followed this
suggestion, and this made them stand out from the other women in the crowd.
Tonight Sonji's uniform featured a long skirt and a tight, sleeveless bodice
with a high collar fastened around her neck. It was made of a light weight,
dark blue fabric, with shoulder straps to display her rank badges.

The Survey Service had a unique uniform policy. The style and color
of the dress uniform varied depending on where it was worn. It conformed
to the general pattern of the other branches of the Star Fleet when it
was worn on official occasions, but in a social setting it was adapted
to match local custom. Tonight the civilian women wore long dresses and
the men wore trousers tucked into calf-high boots, so the uniforms followed
the same pattern. If at some other time the civilian men were wearing kilts
the Survey Service men would do the same. The reason for this policy, as
explained to confused outsiders, was that the Survey Service always tried
to blend into the local culture. What the uniform would look like if nudity
was the local custom was a question that had not yet been answered.

Erig was standing alone against the back wall of the room, somewhat
apart from the noisy, milling crowd. The press of bodies and the many oil
lamps made it warm in the room, and she was wondering if she could slip
outside for a little while. She had made an effort to be sociable ever
since she had arrived at the party, but now she was taking a moment to
herself. She was so rarely approached by people interested in casual conversation
that she was surprised when a man stopped in front of her. He looked ordinary
and normal, so Erig was unprepared for what he said: "The decent people
in this country don't want you Amalgamation sluts here! Get off of our
planet, or we will destroy you!"

If Erig had been on a field survey she would by now be choosing the
best way to dispose of the body. But she didn't want Sonji's party to be
marred by violence, so she didn't respond to the threat, except with a
yawn.

At this show of disrespect the man flushed with rage. He took a quick
glance around and when he was satisfied that no one was watching he pulled
a dagger out of his sleeve and moved towards Erig. "You don't think we're
serious, do you? I'll show you. Into the closet!" He pointed towards a
nearby door and Erig let him crowd her towards it.

Erig backed into the small, cluttered room without hesitation. The man
gloated to himself and thought, 'How easy it is to frighten these Amalgamation
sluts!' He grabbed an oil lamp from a wall sconce and followed her. Once
inside put the lamp on a bracket and shut the door. "I won't kill you too
quickly. I think I'll carve your face off first."

He slashed at Erig's head. She deflected the blow with her left arm
and punched with her right fist. At the last instant she decided it might
be useful to let him live and aimed for the man's jaw instead of his throat.
Her blow connected and he went down in a heap.

Erig massaged her knuckles. "This joker has a head as hard as a brick.
He has the brains of a brick, too." She picked up the dagger and frisked
the man, removing another knife from his boot. The knife was very sharp,
and Erig hummed softly as she cut some strips of cloth from the man's trousers
and used them to tie his hands behind his back.

Erig stepped outside the closet and closed the door behind her. The
party had proceeded without interruption; apparently no one had noticed
anything. She wondered what to do next. Then she saw Captain Goda standing
nearby. She muttered, "I'll make the proper bureaucratic response and buck
it up the line by reporting the incident to her. Taking the initiative
all the time is sooo exhausting."

Captain Goda was talking to a distinguished man in formal clothes. When
Erig reached her she paused in her conversation. "Ambassador, I'd like
to present Lieutenant Pami Erig. She did a field survey here. Ms. Erig,
this is Ambassador Adjaka, the Amalgamation's representative on Gamma."

"Pleased to meet you, sir."

"I'm pleased to meet you. I've read some of your technical papers; they
were very interesting. You do lead an adventurous life."

"I had an unusual experience just now. A man came up to me and said
I would be destroyed unless I got off the planet. He used a knife to force
me into a closet and then he tried to kill me. This wasn't personal, he
came at me because I represent the Amalgamation. Captain, I think we should
tell President Radg's security people. He may be threatened too."

"Where is the man now?" Captain Goda concealed her alarm well, but Erig
could hear the tension in her voice.

"He's still in the closet."

"Is he alive?" People who attacked Erig usually weren't.

"Yes, I knocked him out and tied him up. I don't want him to remain
unguarded for very long, though."

"Right. You go watch him and we'll meet you there. This is a dangerous
situation. What do you think, Ambassador?"

"I agree." Ambassador Adjaka beckoned to a man standing close by and
whispered in his ear. The man nodded and moved into the crowd. "That was
one of the President's bodyguards. He'll notify President Radg and get
some help. We don't want a disturbance, so let's act normally."

Erig returned to the closet. Captain Goda resumed the conversation with
the ambassador as though nothing had happened. "Ms. Erig is going to be
one of the bride's attendants during the rather unusual wedding activities."

Ambassador Adjaka chuckled. "There are stranger wedding rituals than
this, as I know from personal experience. I was married in my village's
traditional ceremony, which started when my bride-to-be was taken deep
into the forest before dawn and tied to a tree. I had from sunrise until
sunset to locate and release her, or the wedding would not take place.
The theory is that for a successful marriage the husband and wife have
to be linked mentally, and I had to demonstrate this link by finding my
bride."

"Were you able to find her?"

"Yes, I really did feel a link between us. Of course, it also helped
that she had concealed a sack of white pebbles under her skirt and dropped
one every few meters as she was led away."

Conversation continued for a few more minutes until the bodyguard returned.
He was accompanied by a well-dressed but tough-appearing man, whom he introduced
as Todj, the head of the Civil Guard's Division of Council Security.

Todj acknowledged the introductions with a nod and got right to the
point. "I heard that one of your officers had been attacked. Is she hurt?"

Captain Goda answered, "No, and she captured her assailant. Follow me."

Captain Goda led the security men to the closet, and Ambassador Adjaka
casually moved towards President Radg.

Captain Goda knocked on the closet door and announced herself; she certainly
didn't want to startle Erig. Erig opened the door from the inside and Captain
Goda and Todj crowded into the stuffy little room. Todj told the bodyguard
to stay outside and keep everybody else out.

Once inside with the door closed Captain Goda introduced Erig and Todj.
He rolled the still-unconscious assailant face up and gave a grunt of recognition.

Erig asked, "You know him?"

Todj hesitated. He was accustomed to asking questions, not answering
them. Then he took a careful look at Erig's stance and the way she held
the knife and decided to make an exception. "Yeah, his name is Nodg. He's
a high-level thug in the National Purity Movement. He's a favorite of Modeg,
the NPM's maximum leader."

"The National Purity Movement? What's that?"

"They're the main opposition to Gamma's membership in the Amalgamation.
We always figured they were capable of violence, but this is the first
time they've been so open about it." Todj was obviously worried. "We've
heard rumors they were planning something big, something involving the
whole organization. I don't think that this attack on you was it, though.
I'm sure Nodg did this on his own. He has a history of violence and he
never could keep his temper under control."

Nodg moaned and opened his eyes. Todj said, "You'll do twenty years
of involuntary servitude for this, you scum. But if you want to cooperate
we can give you a break. What is the Movement planning to do?'

Nodg sneered, "You'll find out, but when you do it will be you and the
other traitors like Radg who'll be doing the I.S."

Todj slapped Nodg and repeated the question, but received more taunts
in return. This went on for some time and Nodg had a colorful collection
of cuts and bruises before Erig intervened.

"You're being too harsh, Todj. Let me talk to him. I'm sure I can appeal
to his better nature and he'll tell us what's being planned. I bet he doesn't
really want the Movement's image sullied by violence."

Todj responded with a look of incredulity and Nodg with a stream of
curses. Erig said, "Why don't you wait outside so Nodg won't feel intimidated?"

Todj had no intention of leaving, but Captain Goda whispered to him
and he reluctantly followed her outside and closed the door. Todj exclaimed,
"What does she think she's doing? She'll never get anything out of a hard
case like Nodg."

"You'd be surprised. Erig can be very persuasive."

As Captain Goda and the two security men waited outside the door she
talked to Todj, trying to make it look like a casual conversation. "Are
you in charge of counter-subversion, Todj?

"As much as anybody is. Officially, my Division just provides bodyguards
for President Radg and the other members of the National Council. This
is something new. Before about a year ago Council members had to provide
their own bodyguards."

"How did you find out that the NPM was up to something?"

"It was just a fluke. One of the members was arrested on an unrelated
charge, and he told us that Modeg was planning something violent, and whatever
it was threatened the President personally. We were shocked; before this
everyone thought the NPM was just another political faction. My Division
was assigned to do the investigation because it supposedly involved presidential
security, but actually because no one else was interested. You've got to
understand that all of this is new to us. Since there's always been only
one nation on this world we've never had to deal with external threats,
and the internal threats were just the usual criminals, except for the
occasional bandit gangs in the forests."

"How much have you found out about the NPM's plans?"

"Not a lot. We managed to plant a man in the organization and he confirmed
the threat story, but he's not high enough in the leadership to tell us
much. Nodg would know what Modeg is planning, if we can get him to talk."

Todj became more and more impatient as the minutes dragged by. He heard
muffled screams, but he couldn't make out any words. He was about to see
what was happening in the closet when Erig opened the door and stepped
outside.

Erig was somber. "I've got his story and it's bad. We have to speak
to President Radg." She told the bodyguard, "You stay inside with Nodg.
Keep him there out of sight until the party is over, and don't let anyone
know he's been caught. If you like, you can try to stop the bleeding."

Todj told the man to follow Erig's orders and the bodyguard entered
the closet. Todj led the women towards the other end of the room. "There's
a courtroom next door that we can use. I'll get the President."

Erig said, "Captain, I'd like to have Mahoon in this meeting." Captain
Goda nodded her approval and Erig moved into the crowd to find Mahoon.

A few minutes later the three Star Fleet officers were joined in the
courtroom by Todj and President Radg. Ambassador Adjaka was with them.
Radg asked, "What's all this about, Lieutenant Erig? Is there something
wrong?"

"Yes, sir. A member of the National Purity Movement attacked me with
a knife. I managed to disarm and capture him, and Todj and I asked him
some questions. He said that the NPM plans to kidnap Sonji and her attendants,
especially your daughter, and use them as hostages until you meet their
demands."

"What! Does this seem reasonable to you, Todj?" Radg was deeply shocked.

"Yes sir. We've heard rumors that the NPM was planning something big
and violent."

"Why haven't you arrested them?"

"No evidence, sir, especially nothing against Modeg and the rest of
the leadership."

"Well, now that we know we can at least postpone the wedding until we
can arrange for tighter security."

Erig interrupted. "Or we could go on with the wedding as we planned
and catch them in the act."

"You mean let yourselves be kidnapped? Wouldn't that be very dangerous?"

"Not that dangerous. If they want us as live hostages we won't be killed
out of hand. And if Nodg is typical of this bunch they will seriously underestimate
our capabilities because we're women. Sonji, Mahoon, and I have faced much
greater risks on field surveys. The only problem is with Miki and Kealii.
They haven't our training, but if they're not in the wedding party the
NPM will know we're on to them."

"My daughter is very brave and very loyal. I'm sure she'll agree to
take part in your plan."

"That's another problem. If we tell Miki and Kealii what's happening
I doubt that they could act naturally enough to fool the kidnappers. I
don't want to tell Sonji, either. She hasn't had as much experience as
Mahoon and I, and she can't let slip what she doesn't know. We must not
let the kidnappers suspect we're on to them. If they aren't fooled they
would likely kill us. Miki and Sonji are Star Fleet officers and danger
is part of their job. You have to decide about involving your daughter."

President Radg was silent for a moment. This was a hard decision, with
his instincts as a father opposing his duty to his country. Then he nodded
grimly. "If we don't stop the NPM now they'll just try again, and my daughter
will still be a target. The wedding will proceed as scheduled." He addressed
the Star Fleet officers. "We will provide all the help we can, but I'm
going to leave the planning to you. Todj and his men will follow your lead."
He started to say something else, but then just shook his head.

Radg and Todj left the courtroom, and Ambassador Adjaka and Captain
Goda followed separately. Some time later Mahoon and Erig also rejoined
the party. Everyone had tried to be unobtrusive, but Miki noticed the comings
and goings. She asked Erig, "What was that all about?"

"Oh, someone tried to crash the party and the guards asked if any of
us had seen him earlier. He was just some nut who has tried to do this
before, but the guards wanted to be sure."

"I guess people are the same on every planet. There is always somebody
strange just around the corner." Miki bubbled, "Taking part in a wedding
on another planet is very exciting for me, especially since Gamma has just
joined the Amalgamation and it hasn't absorbed Galactic culture yet. I
suppose it's dull for you, after all of the field surveys you've made."

"Dull is always welcome. Believe me, a little excitement goes a long
way."

"I suppose so, but I don't get any excitement at all. Ever since I joined
the Interloper most of my time has been spent hunched in front of a terminal
doing some sort of accounting. I could have done that without ever leaving
my home planet. I expected more excitement in the Star Fleet."

"You need some romance in your life. It's too bad that all of the available
men on the ship are such losers. Unless you..."

Miki laughed. "I like men. But you're right, I haven't met anybody on
the ship that I could really care for."

"Maybe you'll meet somebody here. That's one nice thing about being
in the Star Fleet. You can love 'em and then leave the planet before they
become tiresome."

\* \* \*

The next afternoon Kealii and the four Star Fleet officers started their
journey to the farm in the country. They left the house and found an two-wheeled
oxcart waiting for them in the street. Miki was fascinated. This was the
first domestic animal she had ever seen. She asked the driver, "Can I touch
it?" He smiled and nodded, and she tentatively stroked the animal's back.
"Wow. This is amazing. I never realized that animals could be used for
transportation."

Kealii said, "It's not that romantic when they're all you've got. Oxen
are the only draft animals on Gamma, so all transportation moves at a walk.
Humans are the fastest land animals on the planet. One of the first benefits
of Amalgamation membership will be to speed up travel, and I'll be very
glad when that happens. It's going to take the rest of the afternoon to
get to the farmhouse, but if we had land cars we could be there in minutes."

"Why don't you have, what do you call them, horses?"

"We did once. Ancient bones have been found, but for some reason horses
died out thousands of years ago. I think there's a plan to import some
colts and try to reestablish them."

The women loaded their baggage and got in the small, open-top cart.
The driver goaded the ox into motion, and the cart creaked as it moved
slowly down the street.

Miki instructed, "Improving transportation may take longer than you
think. It's not just importing land cars; you need to build a complex infrastructure,
and that will take a lot of capital investment."

"Yes, I know that's true, but I can wish. We will get some improvements
soon, though. For example, one of Dag's friends is planning to start a
bicycle factory. This would be a leap forward, and yet Gamma has the technology
to support it."

"Bicycles are a step forward, but even they require a lot of infrastructure,
such as tubing fabricators. And then you'll need paved roads. Change will
take longer than you might hope."

Conversation continued as the cart moved through the countryside. Miki
said, "I notice that some of these fields have crops ready to harvest and
others look like they've just been planted. I don't know anything about
farming, but isn't that unusual?"

Mahoon answered, "Yes, it is. Unlike most planets, Gamma has a near-circular
orbit and almost no axial tilt, so there isn't any seasonal variation.
Crops are grown and harvested all year."

Miki enjoyed the view of the fields, with their different shades of
green and brown, and the woods with their varieties of trees. This was
so much nicer than her home planet, where all traces of the natural world
had disappeared generations ago. "I know you think that development will
improve things, Kealii, but you can lose a lot too."

"I realize that, and if it were just me I might want to keep things
as they are. My father is rich, and I have all I need. But most of our
people are farmers or peasants, and their lives are hard. Development will
give them a chance at a good life too."

Miki and Kealii continued to discuss economics, but eventually Sonji
was able to interrupt. She asked Kealii, "What's going to happen next?"

"After we're kidnapped and dragged off to his estate Dag will try to
persuade you to marry him, and the rest of us will party. The next day
we'll party some more to celebrate your capitulation, and then travel back
to Brombeg. If the only guests were family and close friends we would have
had the ceremony right there in the country, but my father has to invite
his many political acquaintances and there wouldn't be any place for them
to stay. Actually, he had to rent the Brombeg concert hall to make room
for all of the guests."

"The crew of the Interloper has been invited too, so there will really
be a crowd. This is looking more and more like a political convention."
Sonji wasn't able to keep the disappointment out of her voice. She wanted
her wedding to be a personal emotional experience, not a public event.

Kealii noticed Sonji's regret. "We could arrange to have a private wedding
ceremony before we go to Brombeg. Would you like that?"

"Oh, yes! That way I could be me, and not just someone on exhibition,
part of a theatrical performance."

"Having a private ceremony shouldn't be a problem; the judge who is
going to perform the ceremony in Brombeg will be a guest at the estate."

Miki asked, "What do the kidnappers do, club us over the head and stuff
us into crates?"

Kealii smiled. "No, nothing brutal. We're supposed to struggle prettily
and then swoon from terror. Usually there's some token bondage. The last
time I was in a wedding my brutal abductor loosely fastened a belt around
my chest and over my arms; this pinned my arms to my sides, but I had to
remember to keep my elbows bent so the belt wouldn't fall off. Once I was
completely helpless he had to take care of me, which meant he held my cup
to my lips and kept it filled while our wagon slowly traveled to the groom's
house. It made the journey go a lot faster, and the party got off to a
good start."

Submitting quietly was something Erig didn't often do, but now she had
to do it and make it seem natural. She decided to treat this as a field
survey and pretend she was disguised as an ordinary woman. She said to
herself, "Posing as a normal woman; what a novel experience. But the man
who tries to treat me that way for real is in for a surprise".

The sun was just setting when the oxcart finally arrived at the farmhouse.
The five women got their bags and climbed out of the cart. The cart driver
hadn't finished his journey; he would continue on to the estate where Dag
and his friends would gather.

The farmhouse was a one-story wooden structure, with a large porch extending
across the front of the building. It was post and beam construction, with
outside walls made of wide, vertical boards. The roof was made of wooden
shingles, weathered to a silvery gray. A low picket fence enclosed the
house and a large barn. In front of the house was a large tree that shaded
the yard. A rope dangled from a branch and a child's swing swayed in the
gentle breeze, the weathered wood of the board seat reflecting the setting
sun.

Both buildings were shabby and badly in need of paint. The house was
once white, and the barn still displayed traces of red. Most of the fields
surrounding the buildings were fallow and covered with grass, but no animals
grazed there. Thick woods started just behind the barn and spread to cover
several thousand hectares.

A middle-aged woman in a worn dress and patched apron stepped onto the
porch and greeted the visitors. "Welcome. My name is Hojee. Please come
in. Dinner won't be ready for several hours yet. If you want to wash the
pump is in the kitchen."

"Thank you for letting us stay in your home." Kealii carefully didn't
mention the money her father had paid. She introduced each member of the
group.

Everyone entered the house and Hojee led them to the parlor. The plastered
walls had decorative moldings, but they were cracked and chipped. Everything
was very clean and neat, but the furniture was worn and the carpet was
threadbare. Hojee was poor, but it was genteel poverty.

Kealii asked, "Where's the privy?"

"Behind the barn."

Miki said, "I'll go with you." The two women walked through the house
and out into the yard. Miki stopped and sniffed the air. "What's that funny
smell?"

Kealii replied, "I don't smell anything unusual. The dung heap is closer
to the house than I would like, but it's not too bad."

"This is so exciting! I've never been on a farm before; on my home planet
all of the food is produced synthetically."

The women walked through the barn and found the privy. Miki asked, "Where
is the sewage processed?"

"It isn't. When the privy starts to fill up it's covered with dirt and
a new one is dug."

"That's amazing! On my planet everything has to be recycled."

"I don't think I would be comfortable with that." Kealii entered the
privy and closed the door.

Miki uneasily watched the thick woods just outside the fence. She was
a city girl through and through, and she wasn't too sure that some wild
animal wasn't going to leap out of the forest and devour her.

Kealii exited the privy. "Your turn. See you back at the house." Miki
nodded and entered, prepared for another new experience.

Kealii entered the barn. It was dark inside now that the sun had set.
She couldn't see the two men, dressed in dark clothing and armed with swords,
who waited there, hidden in an empty stall. When Kealii walked by the stall
they seized her from behind. One man pulled her arms behind her back and
the other used a wide leather strap to pin her hands together, palm-to-palm.
The strap was pulled very tight, and Kealii winced. She opened her mouth
to complain, and a wad of cloth was jammed into it and held in place by
another cloth wrapped around her head and tied behind her neck.

Kealii knew all of Dag's friends who were going to take part in the
abduction, and she didn't recognize either of these men. She started to
struggle, but one man tripped her to the floor and held her there while
the other tied her ankles together with several turns of rough rope. They
carried her out a side door of the barn and dropped her on the ground,
just outside the picket fence.

A third man was waiting. He picked her up and slung her over his shoulder.
"I'll put this one in the wagon. Get ready, the other slut will be along
soon."

He carried Kealii down a path that led through the trees. She squirmed
ineffectually and mewed through her gag until he gave her a sharp slap
on her bottom. The man carried her through the forest for about a hundred
meters before he reached a large wagon parked on a narrow track cut through
the woods. The two yoked oxen hitched to the wagon were tethered to a tree
alongside the road.

The kidnapper dumped Kealii on the open tailgate and climbed into the
wagon. He dragged her towards the front and used another piece of rope
to cinch the loops around her ankles and pull her legs into a tight hogtie.
The rope was tied around the strap pinioning her wrists and then wrapped
around one of the wooden bows that supported the wagon's canvas cover,
where it met the high wooden side of the wagon body. When he tied it there
Kealii's wrists and ankles were pulled up painfully, and she couldn't move
at all.

Kealii was very frightened. This was no mock abduction; this was a real
kidnapping. She had often been warned by the guardsmen that she might be
a target of one of her father's enemies. She had laughed off the warnings
then, but she wasn't laughing now. And her new friends were going to be
victims too. She struggled frantically against her bonds but achieved nothing.
She tried to scream, but produced only muted bleating.

Miki entered the barn, thinking that using an outhouse was one adventure
that she didn't really enjoy. When a man grabbed her she was startled,
but then she giggled and relaxed. She didn't struggle when her hands were
strapped behind her back, and when the gag was pressed against her lips
she obligingly opened her mouth. She didn't resist when a man held her
arm and guided her out of the barn and into the woods, and she cooperated
when she was lifted into the wagon. Even after she was bent into a tight
hogtie and the rope was pulled up and tied to a cover bow Miki didn't realize
she had been kidnapped, but she did think, 'If this is token bondage, I
wouldn't want to be tied up for real!'. She was uncomfortable, but she
was also aroused, much to her surprise.

Sonji wandered into the kitchen and found Hojee peeling vegetables.
"Do you know where my friends got to? They've been gone a lot longer than
I expected."

"They said they were going to look around the farm. I expect they're
in the barn."

Twilight was fading fast and the inside of the barn was dark. Sonji
took two steps inside and called, "Miki? Kealii? Are you in here?"

A man pushed her from behind so she was pressed against the barn wall.
He held her arms behind her back while a second man circled her wrists
with a strap and pulled it tight. Sonji opened her mouth to protest and
a wad of cloth was stuffed in it and the gag held in place by more cloth
tied around her head. Now that it was almost too late Sonji realized something
was wrong. She didn't recognize Dag, and she was sure that he would have
tied her personally. When the men turned her away from the wall she kneed
one in the groin and kicked the other in the knee. She hadn't been able
to aim the blows very well in the dark, but the men yelped and released
her.

Sonji ran out of the barn and sprinted towards the house. An oil lamp
was burning in the kitchen and she ran towards the lighted window. Unfortunately,
it didn't illuminate her path in the deepening twilight, and she never
saw the shallow ditch until she stepped into it and tripped. She couldn't
use her bound hands to break her fall and she landed face down in the dirt
with a jolt that knocked her breath out. The men were close behind, and
before she could get to her feet one of them pinned her to the ground by
sitting on her thighs. The other tied her ankles together with coarse rope.

The man who had been kneed said, "Give me some more rope. I owe this
slut something." He took the rope the other offered and looped it several
times around Sonji's elbows and pulled until they almost touched. He knotted
the rope and then looped it around her neck, but the other man stopped
him before he could tie it.

"We don't want her to strangle. Run the rope through her armpits instead."

The man with the rope nodded and rerouted it. Then he used more rope
to connect Sonji's ankles to her elbows, and he tightened it until her
feet touched her hands. The two men grabbed her upper arms and carried
her to the wagon.

The men tossed Sonji into the wagon and she landed on her side, the
impact forcing a grunt of pain through her gag. The rope connecting her
ankles and elbows was tied tight to a cover bow, pulled so high that only
her torso touched the wagon bed. One of her captors groped her breasts
and pinched her nipples, and she squirmed with the pain.

The head kidnapper said, "No time for that now. Get out of the wagon."

The three men moved towards the house. The man who had mauled Sonji
asked, "Now what do we do, Ledg?"

The leader replied, "The other two sluts are in the house, so let's
go get them there. It should be easy."

Back at the house, Erig and Mahoon entered the kitchen. Hojee was still
working at the sink, although she hadn't got very far with her vegetable
peeling. Erig asked, "Can we get some water?"

"Here's the pump, help yourself."

"Do you have any cups?"

"I suppose." Hojee opened several cupboards until she found cups and
gave two to Erig.

"Have you been living here long?" Erig held the cups under the spout
while Mahoon pumped the water.

"Oh, yes. I've lived here for years."

The conversation was interrupted when three men burst into the kitchen.
Erig and Mahoon exchanged glances and Erig shrugged. Then they squealed
and scampered around. The men easily caught them and soon their hands were
strapped behind their backs. Neither of the field surveyors resisted when
gags were stuffed into their mouths and two of the men led them outside
and into the woods.

Ledg said to Hojee, "That takes care of the alien sluts. You leave now
for Brombeg. Here's the ransom note; deliver it to Radg's house just before
dawn and then go to the Movement's office and wait for more instructions." 

**[Continued
in Part Two](traditional_ceremony2.html)**_

_Copyright© 2003 by Zack. All rights reserved.
I welcome your comments. Email me at zack\_writer@hotmail.com or zack\_writer@yahoo.com_

_01.07.03_

_story continues in [**Traditional Ceremony 2**](traditional_ceremony2.html)

o0o
